The Codetalkers
by Beau Cornerstone


Copyright 2013 by Beau Cornerstone

Published by Beau Cornerstone at Smashwords

4th Edition

Smashwords Edition License Notes
Before you start reading...

Did you swipe this ebook? Or accept a copy of a copy from someone else?
Let your conscience guide you.
Please visit Smashwords.com 
(Chances are this ebook is free there anyway!)

Other ebooks for young adults by Beau Cornerstone

Book 1: The Weathermakers 

For younger readers - History Changers: Expedition 2022

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Other ebooks in the series
References and further reading


Preamble

The lengthening shadows finally convinced me to come out of hiding. I poked my head out of the hole in the shed wall. Four year old Petrina was sitting on the back steps. Eyes met eyes. I held my finger to my lips, wriggled out and brushed myself off. I picked my way back to the hostel past puddles of I-didn’t-know-what and warily avoided the shapeless heaps of I-didn’t-want-to-know-what.
Reprieve.
The men who’d hounded me for 1200 kilometres weren’t in my room. I sank onto my bed and closed my eyes jadedly. Inside, I felt like a candle in a storm.  If only I could turn back time...
It wasn’t so much the change itself that was the problem. Rather, it was the swiftness of the change. A mere week ago, as Heidi Cannikin - Award-winning Investigative Journalist - decision- making had meant choosing between Miu Miu flats and Manolo Blahnik heels. I’d swiped plastic for trendy and flashy without even looking at the price tag. Even as Hope Canney - reticent student - I had sufficient money to buy Nike sneakers and pick-me-up cappuccinos. 
But now as Hope Cannikin, decision-making meant making life and death choices. And due to the hostel’s lack of water and my inaccessible funds, I had resorted to rummaging through op-shop donation bins by night for clean couture. On the plus side, I’d learned to drive with the kind of precision normally reserved for NASCAR race drivers. And I had a lifetime of stories to write. If I lived to write them...


Chapter 1

The first requisite of success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies
to one problem without growing weary.
 -Thomas Edison.

“Gidday Frank!”
“Heidi! Welcome back!”
“Good to be back in Australia. What can I do to help?”
“Help?” echoed Frank in feigned innocence.
“Four emails from you in a week. All with beguiling attachments...”
“I email you bait and you get snagged. Works every time!”
“Don’t be so pretentious Frank. I only came over to shake the cobwebs out of Pegasus.”
Frank’s grin spawned lines of amusement around his eyes.
“You would have to be the only woman I know who has a classic car stashed in a sea container on every continent she regularly visits.”
“It saves me a fortune in hire car fees.”
“And takes the bad guys longer to work out who you are when you don’t have an Avis rental agreement?”
“I like to be careful... So what’s cooking anyway?”
“Maya’s decided to go freelance.”
“Maya’s left your staff? Why?”
“She found herself some hottie on her last assignment. A scientist apparently.”
“Did he look like Rick?”
“No idea. They ran off together before she got to introduce me to him. I haven’t heard from her since... No emails... Skype calls... Not even a call from a pay phone.”
“What about her sat-phone?” I murmured.
“She didn’t take it. She was planning on staying in town at the Laverton hotel. But I made enquiries. Her name’s not on the register. And she didn’t hire a car from Avis either, like she always does. I checked.”
“That’s so... un-Maya.”
“Maybe she’s caught the spontaneity bug off you.”
I smiled caringly.
“Any idea where she ran off to?”
“No. All she said was she was hitching a ride on a military jet... I’ve rung Leonora, Laverton and Kalgoorlie airports... And none of them have a record of any RAAF jets using their facilities in the past fortnight.”
“That’s really un-Maya... I wouldn’t mind sussing out her new friend,” I ventured.
“Friends... She jetted off with three scientists... She didn’t say who they were, where they were from, or which one she eloped with. I just know that she learnt a lot off the lot of them very quickly though, whoever they were...”
“I gathered that from reading the articles she wrote about the bad guys out near Laverton... I was surprised you printed them in your Saturday edition actually.”
“High time someone scared ‘em off Western Australian soil instead of censoring the truth,” averred Frank.
“I admire your stance Frank. I’m not sure they scare so easily though. They’re kinda like white-ants. Destroy their nest and they pop up somewhere else...”
Ω
Maya peered out of the canopy of the hovering chopper and scowled.
“No way! I’m not doing it... This chopper lands or I’m staying in it Zac. And that’s final!”
“Fair enough. Stand over here a minute. Jake can go first and show you how it’s done. Here. I’ll just clip this buckle to your harness so you don’t fall out the door.”
Zac glanced clandestinely at Gordon. Gordon just managed to keep a straight face as he reached for a lever.
The belly of the chopper opened. Zac simultaneous pressed the winch button. Maya fell through the floor of the chopper and hung dangling beneath their feet. Zac furiously kept winding out the cable.
“I’ll get you for this Zac Canney!” wailed Maya loudly.
Gordon and Mad Max doubled over with laughter. Jake glanced at them both with solemn, wide eyes. Zac cleared his throat.
“Sorry Jake. You look frightened. The winch cable can hold 500 kilograms. You can go down tandem with me if you like.”
“You mean like you see on the rescue shows where the two blokes hug each other?”
“Ah ha.”
A vehement shake of the head.
“No way! That’s gay. I’ll go down by myself thank you very much!”
Zac’s eyes twinkled as Jake disappeared from view.
“You’re in for an ear-bashing when you get down there, you gay woman-pusher!” grinned Mad Max.
Zac laughed as he clipped himself to the winch and fed out the cable.
“Are you sure you don’t want me to organize someone to check on you all in a few days?” ventured Gordon with raised eyebrows.
“Nah. It’s an easy trek out of the Park. And we’ve got the H.F if you want to chat to us.”
“Righteo... Remember, if there’s a medical emergency, switch your locator beacon over to the high powered setting and hold it on for ten seconds and it’ll go into duress alarm mode. Then someone from Malmstrom Airbase will home in on you and rescue you.”
“Probably me!” interposed Mad Max.
Zac nodded and waved farewell to Gordon and the military pilot.
“Wilco. See you in about ten days Gordon... Nice meeting you Max.”
“See ya round, ya mad scientist!” retorted Mad Max, as Zac plunged out of the chopper.
Ω
“I don’t think I’ve ever asked you,” ventured Frank. “What inspired you to be an investigative journalist anyway?”
“My big brother’s a geophysicist,” I replied. “When I was twelve, I made the mistake of asking him what an electromagnetic pulse was. And ever since, he’s kept feeding me articles about everything from weather manipulation to earthquake engineering. A fair whack of them have been written by your aliases actually...”
Frank failed to hide his astonishment.
“Not many people know that I write using aliases.”
“My brother’s got access to this intelligence database through the University of California. He gave me his password recently so I could do some research for an article I was writing. All I have to do is type #777# and it opens up all this info on people from multiple sources. When I was first learning to use it, I typed your name in. Imagine my surprise when the names Don Sarfati, Greg Bates and Jonathan Walker came up as known aliases of Frank Wieland!”
“An intelligence database? Are you sure your brother’s not a spy?”
“Quite sure. He spends most of his time doing fieldwork with boring brainiacs...”
Frank guffawed. I caught his eye.
“On the topic of fieldwork and boring brainiacs, I take it you’d like me to see what I can find out about Maya’s new friends?”
Frank rubbed his chin and sighed.
“Easier said than done. Maya was elusive about who she was hanging out with. She mentioned the Jindalee Operational Radar Network in her article and that’s in the Leonora-Laverton region. And the night she sent me her scoop, she said she was out of Laverton and that the fireballs which caused the CFL blackout over Perth had been generated near Laverton. The trouble is, the area’s vast and sparsely populated. She could have been anywhere, Heidi.”
“Not anywhere Frank. There’s mostly saltbush and red dust between Laverton and Leonora.”
“So?”
“So Maya didn’t have her sat phone... But she still answered your Skype calls and contacted you by email which means she had internet access. And we both know Maya doesn’t like roughing it, so most likely she would have been staying somewhere with four walls and a roof. Like a mine-site or a station that offered accommodation...”
“...that’s near the Jindalee facility?” mumbled Frank.
“Well we both know there’s more to JORN than meets the eye...”
Frank cleared his throat and wiped a hint of moisture from his eyes.
“Thanks for coming Heidi. I... I haven’t been able to think straight since Maya disappeared... I don’t want to interfere in her private life, but I need to know that she’s... safe.”
I caressed Frank’s shoulders. Maya style.
“We’ll find her Frank. Come on... You Google Earth... I’ll Near Maps.”
Frank sank into his chair and zoomed in on the remote north-eastern Goldfields region.
“Let’s see... Places with four walls near JORN...” he murmured. “Hmmm... there’s Murrin Murrin mine... or possibly Mulga Queen Aboriginal community...”
“...or what about this place?” I interposed. “Dave and Jen’s B & B... It’s on some eco-station... Hey check this out Frank! There’s a track running past JORN and it goes right past the back boundary of the B & B as well. And it looks well used... I can even make out tyre tracks.”
“Maybe someone working at JORN lives at the B & B.”
“Possibly. It joins up with the main road in the other direction and a fainter track runs off it and extends off towards the desert. Although we might be barking up the wrong tree. Someone might just use the track between JORN and the B & B as a shortcut to somewhere.”
“Like who?”
“The postman or a truck driver who regularly delivers to the B & B... or maybe field geologists working for a local mining company. Hmmm... That’s curious...”
“What?”
“The overlaying geological data... If you follow the fainter track out to the desert it runs right up to the Celia fault line... It looks like there’s been a large rock-fall there recently...”
“Probably mining exploration like you said. How old’s your snap from space anyway?” asked Frank.
“A week... let’s go back a month... nope... the rock-fall wasn’t there last month... but the track still looks well worn...”
“Someone’s obviously using it regularly.”
“Well it’s as good a place as any to start, since you’ve drawn a blank in town. I know...I could pretend I’m a backpacker seeking accommodation... rock up at the B & B and snoop around for any evidence of scalar weapons testing... Even ask outright if Maya stayed there...”
Frank looked pensive.
“Maya said the weapons tests were being conducted by foreign military types... If they’re still hanging around Heidi...”
“Stop being a worry-wart Frank! Australia’s one of the safest countries on the planet. No wars... extremists... militants... terrorists...”
“Just scientists that sweep my best journalists out of my life.”
“I promise if I meet some hottie scientist I’ll introduce you to him before I run off with him.”
“I’ll believe that promise if you seal it over dinner.”
I laughed warmly and eyed Frank.
“A Greek salad accompanied by the usual lecture about keeping my petite derrière out of trouble?” 
“Naturally. I bet your big brother gives you the same lecture...”
“Regularly.”
Frank linked his arm through mine and we walked over to his new BMW.
“You drive,” he offered, tossing me the keys.

Each of us comes for a short visit, not knowing why, yet sometimes seeming to Divine purpose. From the standpoint of daily life however, there is one thing we do know.
 Man is here for the sake of other men.
 -Albert Einstein

Captain Ryan Adams flicked through a book he had grabbed off the table in the waiting room, drinking in the details with cautious interest.
“Can I help you?” asked Fiona Cunningham casually.
Ryan self consciously slammed the book shut and placed it on the table behind him.
“Um... The boss sent me over here.”
“Why?”
“I dunno. For a medical I guess. I only arrived this morning.”
“Ah... You must be Ryan,” said Fiona gently.
Ryan nodded faintly.
“Is the doctor in?”
“You’re looking at her.”
“Oh. Sorry. I didn’t mean to offend you.”
“No offense taken.”
Ryan cleared his throat.
“Well I guess we’d better get this over and done with then.”
“You sound like you’d prefer me to be a man.”
Ryan hesitated.
“Women have an equal right to be doctors...”
“Top marks for political correctness, but what you really mean is you’re coy about the idea of being examined by a woman.”
Ryan moistened his lips.
“I can handle it.”
Fiona’s eyes sparkled.
“You look fit enough Captain. Let’s skip peeking at your privates and chat instead.”
“You mean disobey orders?” frowned Ryan.
“John didn’t order you to report for a medical. He just sent you over here. What were you reading anyway?”
Ryan picked up the book behind him and handed it to Fiona with a hint of embarrassment.
“I wasn’t perving... I’ve just never read a book on the topic before and the pictures are interesting.”
Fiona laughed softly.
“You don’t have to justify reading a book on childbirth. You’re an officer Ryan. One day in the future you might be deployed somewhere and find yourself in a situation where you have to deliver a baby.”
“No way! That’s what medicos are for.”
“In a nice neat world, yes. But life has a habit of dishing out surprises. And who do you think the men under you will look to if there’s a pregnant woman in labour and no medicos around?”
“The Academy never mentioned what to do in a scenario like that.”
Ryan glanced at Fiona’s dancing eyes and felt drawn to her.
“May I borrow this book from you? I’ll give it back.”
“The resources in the medical library are free for anyone staying here to use.”
“Thanks... Actually second thoughts, maybe I’d better leave it here for a couple of days and just sneak over here and read it instead of taking it back to my room.”
“Why?”
“I wouldn’t want to get caught out reading it. This place is full of old timers and they might think I’m weird.”
Fiona laughed deliciously. Ryan risked a cautious smile.
“Actually, there’s more than books in our outpost... over here in the corner, this computer has access to hundreds of on-line medical journals and enlisted doctors can be quizzed about anything by clicking this helpline icon. And that’s my consulting room if you need to see me in private... next door is our mobile surgery for emergency operations... and over here we’ve got the dispensary... Help yourself if I’m not here.”
“You’re not here all the time?”
“I’m based at Malmstrom. I only come out when I’m called out. But I used to live here in the Park. Want to know where my secret hidey hole was?”
Fiona tugged Ryan outside by the hand before he could reply. To his astonishment she nimbly scaled the large cherry tree outside John’s cottage. Ryan marvelled at her agility as he followed her up. Fiona hoisted herself onto a crude platform, about two thirds of the way up the tree and wriggled over to make room for him.
“This place is cool!” breathed Ryan.
“Privacy with a good view of the surroundings. So you have time to hide the book you’re reading if any of the old timers come along.”
Ryan grinned and made eye contact with Fiona.
“Thanks for showing me around. I s’pose I’d better get down. I’d hate to get you into trouble with the boss.”
“I can hold my own around the boss.”
Ryan laughed good-humouredly.
“I reckon you can at that. Maybe I’ll see you another time. Next time you’re visiting... Bye.”
“Bye Ryan,” replied Fiona, making no attempt to get out of the tree.
Ω
“So have you forgiven me for pushing you out of the chopper earlier?” asked Zac, as they stopped to let Jake take a photo of the view.
“Course. And I’ve already got even with you,” returned Maya.
“You have?”
“Yes. I pinched one of your chocolate bars out of your pack as soon as I touched terra firma. I must say you’ve packed us good grub anyway.”
Zac laughed good-naturedly and opened a muesli bar.
“Hey Zac... You still haven’t told me why you’ve brought me on this trip with you and Jake,” probed Maya.
“Aren’t you enjoying it?”
“Of course I’m enjoying it... It’s just that when we had dinner at Gordon’s place in California, he was talking like this trip was something you were taking Jake on to train him for geophysical fieldwork. And that night you said the bad guys had definitely moved on, so I was free to leave the protection of your team if I wished... And you’d hardly got the sentence out when Gordon gets the phone call from Dave and all of a sudden I’m whisked away to buy hiking boots and end up in Yellowstone Park with you as well.”
“And?”
“And every time I bring up the topic, you change it.”
“And?”
“...and I feel like tickling you to get the truth out of you!” said Maya, pawing Zac.
Zac grinned but said nothing. Maya redirected her gaze.
“Jake. Do you know anything about this enigma?”
“No.”
“You’re a very uncommunicative genius you know.”
Jake laughed.
“I honestly don’t know. But if it’s any help, Zac’s nearly ready to buckle... He’s all wriggly and breathing faster... Just stay in his personal space all touchy-feely like you’ve been doing for a bit longer and I reckon he’ll spill the beans!” 
“Whose side are you on?” chortled Zac, feigning a swipe at Jake.
“Yours.”
“Alright... I’ll stop pussyfooting around with you... I guess we’re pretty safe here... And you have a right to know too Jake... Gordon and I are concerned that because of our clumsiness, you may be in danger Maya.”
“Why?”
“Your boss Frank published your articles and photos. Front cover, pages 2 and 3, and as a special four page lift-out in Saturday’s West Australian. He also ran a lot of historical articles too - about other eyewitness accounts of E/M weapons tests in Exmouth and Laverton. Your articles have been reprinted Australia wide in other papers and online. And they’ve generated a spate of eyewitness testimony confirming other sightings of weapons testing all over Australia.”
“They have? Brilliant. That means Frank owes me a bonus this month. Now I don’t need to feel as guilty about the money I spent on hiking boots.”
Zac looked at Maya with serious eyes.
“Maya, our team should have properly checked your articles before they landed on Frank’s desk. But we all went into relaxation mode instead of tying up loose ends. And I regret that now in hindsight.”
“Did I say something about you that I shouldn’t have?”
“No. Not about us. But you inadvertently revealed you were an eye-witness to the tests... And you were a woman... and a journalist... Which means someone may come looking for you - to find out if you know anything about what went wrong with the tests.”
“So? I’ll tell them I don’t.”
“It’s not that simple Maya. My team in South Korea have reported that North Korea has not ruled out the possibility of sabotage and their Minister for Defence is further investigating the matter.”
“Meaning?”
“Meaning their investigators are likely to be military heavies.”
“Like the guy that pointed the gun at you near the cave?” asked Jake wide-eyed.
“Ah ha.”
“So you thought you’d hide me away in the middle of Yellowstone Park to keep me safe?”
grumbled Maya.
“We don’t have to stay here the whole time... And you just have to hang out with us for a couple of weeks... Until Gordon leaks enough fake information which waters down the credibility of the real information that accidentally got out.”
“Are you saying I’m in protective custody?!”
“No... You’re free to go at any time Maya if you have to pursue another assignment for Frank. I was hoping that you’d want to stick around with us however.”
“Why?”
“Because... I’ve really enjoyed your company. It’s been an action packed couple of weeks. And I’d like to get to know you better... and let you get to know me better. In a relaxed setting...”
“You call this relaxed?” groused Maya. “My idea of a relaxed setting is 5-star accommodation, lazing by a pool with enough money to shop-until-I-drop.”
“Then it’s time someone taught you what relaxation really is then, eh?” retorted Zac with a boyish grin.
Ω
Fiona looked up as someone rapped on her surgery door. John Cunningham walked in and draped his arms around her affectionately.
“There you are sweetie! I’ve been meaning to ask, did I see you up the cherry tree with my new aide earlier today?”
Fiona laughed breezily.
“I thought I’d share my favourite place with him. In case he needs breathing space...”
“What’s your assessment anyway?”
“Short answer... You were right.”
John grimaced.
“Sounds like we’re in for a tough few weeks.”
Fiona affectionately ran her hands through John’s silver-streaked hair.
“You need a challenge every now and then daddy. To keep you from growing old.”
“Hmmm... Did you lock the narcotics away?”
“No.”
“Isn’t that risky given his family history of substance abuse?”
“No. I left him unattended with the whisky and the pethidine lying temptingly on the table in front of him and he didn’t even pick up the clearly labelled bottles. If you do see him sneaking over to the medical outpost it’ll probably be to read a book on childbirth.”
“That’s...weird.”
“No. It’s normal for young high achievers to desire to fill in their knowledge gaps.”
John looked up at the sound of an approaching chopper.
“Mad Max is here... Thanks for coming out at such short notice love.”
“Are you sure you can’t come home this weekend?”
“No. You and your mother can come and join us here if you like. But as well as newbie Ryan we’ve got a couple of additional guests arriving the day after tomorrow, so we’re all thinking of staying here this weekend.”
“Two guests don’t require all four of you to stay over!”
“One of them is Karla’s referral.”
“Oh.”
“We’re hoping one of us will click with him...”
“I’m sure one of you will,” replied Fiona, planting a kiss on John’s forehead.
“Good-bye love... I’ll call you and mum tonight...”

The secret of greatness is simple: 
do better work than anyone else in your field and keep on doing it.
 -Wilfred A. Peterson

Pre-dawn promised a perfect day for travelling. I coasted Pegasus out of the sea container, and loaded my camping gear and suitcase into her boot. Then I slipped out of my elegant Heidi Cannikin outfit and into fashionably casual Hope Canney clothes. I left my Heidi Cannikin hairpiece and Anna Sui shoes on. There. I was a new persona - Hope Cannikin.
I eased into the driver’s seat and let familiarity flow over me. Subtle scents of leather and vanilla. Memories of the assignments we’d shared. She was a solid production car - a classic ‘71 XY GS Falcon. Her previous owner had given her a head-turning electric-blue paint job and rad engine mods. The overall effect of her makeover had made her easy to admire and hard to catch.
Laverton was 1200 kilometres away. Suburbia was behind me by sun-up. Pegasus hugged the road, the accelerator responding to the gentlest pressure. By mid-morning, the rolling hills and wheat-fields had given way to virgin bush. I checked for other vehicles then decided to open her up. Pegasus was willing to fly like her namesake and I was willing to let her. I loved driving... the feeling of having a direction... the sense of being in control of something powerful.
Mid-afternoon found us between Menzies and Leonora. Remote flickered like the fuel gauge. The attractive Salmon gumtrees which had bordered the road near Kalgoorlie had given way to salt bush, quartz outcrops and scorched grevilleas. I ducked physically as a giant eagle with a death wish swooped in front of me. I glanced at my watch. About an hour from the B & B.
Monotonous minutes ticked by. A splash of pink wildflowers briefly decorated the outback vista. Then a crest added interest to the monotonously flat road. I roared over it. On the other side of the crest, the panorama made me draw my breath. The road cut through a field of pink everlastings stretching as far as the eye could see in every direction. There was a rest stop off to the side. I got out and snapped half a dozen nature shots from unusual angles. Unexpectedly, something cream and black blurred the shot I was taking. I snapped a full facial of the scene-stealer by accident. Blue eyes stared into blue eyes. There was an immediate bond between us.
“Well where did you come from little missy?” I clucked.
Missy mewed back in reply and brushed affectionately against my leg.
The practical side of me argued I couldn’t keep the Siamese kitten because I couldn’t take her back home with me. The animal lover retorted I couldn’t leave her out in a remote area without food and water to become a snack for an eagle. The investigative side of me wondered whether she was someone’s beloved pet or a stray. The nurturer offered her some of my water and a piece of muesli bar. Missy ate with relish, then sensing my ambivalence, made the decision for me by hopping into Pegasus.
“Oh well. We might as well be travelling companions for now. If we’re still travelling together by the time I get back to Perth, Frank’ll turn you into a cover girl and get you adopted.”
My new travelling companion was already nestling indolently on the passenger seat. She looked at me through semi closed lids then tucked her head into her paws.
“You look like you need some sleep girl. I’ll wake you when we get there...”
Ω
Dave and Jen’s B & B looked ordinary from the outside. Sea container style ordinary. Or more accurately a wagon wheel arrangement of sea containers positioned a short distance from their homestead. Inside however, the B & B accommodation had an artistic touch. Handmade pottery and a hand-crafted cedarwood table in the dining area. A comfy looking couch with a couple of bean bags strewn around in the lounge area. A tiny but delightfully decorated cottage kitchen, with an expensive coffee making machine. The bedrooms also had a designer’s touch with handmade curtains and candles. 
I breathed in the mixture of aromas and headed straight for the coffee machine.
“Need any help using it?” asked Dave.
“Are you kidding? The first automatic coffee maker was invented by a woman!” I retorted.
An amused grin from Dave.
“You’re from the States, eh?”
“Alaska.”
I looked around.
“I was half expecting a friend to be here. She’s a photo-journalist actually.”
“No guests here ‘cept you at the moment.”
“So I can have the large room?”
“Providing you’re happy to relocate into a single room if a family rock up. Although that’s unlikely at this time of the year anyway.”
Dave nodded and walked out.
Had Maya been here? Dave was friendly enough. But his responses were unreadable and his answers uninformative. It was clear I was going to have to try a different tactic to find out who had stayed over recently at the B & B.
I started in the rubbish bin. Squeaky clean. Jen obviously prided herself in keeping their facilities in tip-top shape. I looked around in the corners of the room and near the legs of furniture. One small piece of solder. Interesting but not really substantial.
Next I tried the cupboards. The linen cupboard smelt of starch and lavender. Heavenly. The kitchen canisters contained complimentary Milo, herbal tea and hot chocolate. I poked around in the cupboards under the bench - nothing of interest. The only remaining cupboards were above the coffee machine in the kitchen nook. They contained several tins. Homemade biscuits in one. Nuts in the second. I pried open the last tin.
I hadn’t really expected to find anything interesting but I was wrong. The final tin contained a dozen electronics components and a couple of pieces of folded paper. I recognized a CMOS chip and some capacitors. Common enough. I picked up the other components and examined them curiously. A spark gap switch... Hmmm... less common. I had no idea what the remaining components even were. I set them all aside and unfolded the first sheet of paper. Some type of calculation. Weird... The handwriting felt familiar, but I couldn’t work out why.
I unfolded the second piece of paper and stared at the expanded view diagram in overt disbelief. I heard the flyscreen door open and sensed someone else was in the room, but I was too intrigued to look up. The someone cleared their throat.  Dave! 
I moistened my lips and made direct eye contact with him. He wasn’t the slightest perturbed.
“Um... I found this tin of things. Up with the biscuits.”
“Did ya love?” replied Dave, scooping up the components and putting them back in the tin. “Sorry about that. Some students were staying here the other day. This must’ve been theirs.”
“What were they studying? Bomb-making?”
Dave laughed easily. He casually took the E/M weapon schematics diagram out of my hand and tossed it back in the tin with the other components.
“I think Jen said they were studying geology and physics from memory.” 
No doubt about it, I mused. This guy was as cool as a cucumber even when directly confronted. My sixth sense told me there was more to Dave than met the eye... 
Either that or he was blissfully unaware of what had been happening right under his nose recently.
Dave nonchalantly put the lid back on the tin and picked it up.
“May as well shove this in my workshop in case they want it back... Actually, I just remembered why I dropped in. Jen said to let you know that a couple of beefy, middle aged blokes have rocked up and are staying tonight as well. She wanted to make sure you felt okay about sharing the quarters with them. We can offer you our granny flat if you’re not comfortable.”
I smiled with genuine amusement.
“Thank Jen for her concern, but this place is heaven compared to some of the places I’ve stayed at.”
“Glad to hear we do a better job than some,” retorted Dave.
He caught my eye.
“By the way, as well as horses under yer bonnet, do you realize you’ve got a cat trying to get out of your sunroof?”
“Missy! I forgot about her!” I said, bursting out the door.
Dave followed me.
“Planning on smuggling her into your room after Jen and I were in the land of nod, eh?” 
I flushed with embarrassment. Dave’s eyes danced.
“You probably don’t believe me, but I’ve just become her owner. About two hours ago. She hopped into my car at this rest-stop on the Menzies-Leonora road. About twenty kilometres past these rocks that were painted to look like a frog.”
“I know the stop you mean... It’s an out of the way place to find a cat though. Unless she’s JORN’s mouser.”
“I thought JORN was somewhere down the back of your place.”
I studied Dave’s face as I tossed out the bait. Still no readable response.
“That’s the receiver. The thingy across the road from the rest-stop you mentioned is the transmitter... And there’s some other bit to it out near Mulga Queen.”
I nodded and opened the car door. Missy leapt into my arms.
“Well she certainly looks like she wants to hang out with you.”
“I don’t suppose you’ve got something I can use as a collar?”
“Hmmm... I have actually. A couple left their Chihuahua’s collar and lead behind last year. I’m sure they would’ve contacted us by now if they’d wanted it back.”
Dave casually placed the tin down on the bench in his workshop then found me the collar and lead. Then he meandered back outside again.
“Let’s see. You’ve set yourself up in the family room...”
Dave opened the heavy doors to one of the sea containers. To my surprise it revealed a glass sliding door - a second entry into my room. Dave clipped a wire mesh gate into place between the ajar metal doors.
“It’s actually designed to stop toddlers from straying too far, but it should do the trick and encourage our four legged friend to stick around.”
Jen walked up. She stooped down and petted Missy.
“What a pretty travelling companion. She’s a seal point isn’t she?”
“Yes. Sorry I forgot to tell you about her when I arrived. It’s just a temporary arrangement until I can find who she belongs to. I’ll make a FOUND poster for her tonight and put it up in Laverton tomorrow. Failing that, I’ll get my friend Frank to find her a home when I head back to Perth... He’s got this thing about running animal rescue stories.”
“It sells papers eh?”
I nodded. Silently reprimanding myself for letting information slip about myself and Frank. Not that it mattered. Jen and Dave may have had scientists staying over, but I was pretty sure now that they were just an old couple supplementing their retirement income by offering accommodation...
Ω
I set about making the FOUND poster, complete with a cute photo of Missy on it. I gave the matter some thought and decided to put Frank’s direct number on the poster rather than my mobile. I had no mobile reception for one thing, and I wasn’t planning on being in Australia for more than a few weeks anyway. I set my handiwork aside, then walked out to the kitchen to make myself a cuppa.
The kitchen was occupied. I eyed the two men I was now sharing the single person’s quarters with.
Dave was right about them both being beefy. They looked more like commandos than tourists. One was of Asian descent. Korean perhaps - wearing a khaki shirt and pants. It was difficult to work out the country of origin of the other. His skin colour and bright shirt suggested South American descent however.
“Hi.”
A laconic sneer. I curbed my desire to return it. Mr Laconic continued setting up his fax machine on the dining table.
I made deliberate eye contact with his offsider and nodded at him. He smiled back. 
Mr Laconic fired his offsider a stony glare. He shrugged in response. Both men walked away leaving the fax plugged in.
Great. No mobile reception and a phone outlet that was being hogged by two pseudo-guerrillas. 
Maybe Jen and Dave would let me check my email in their homestead. After all, it was only 8 pm...


Chapter 2

Change is inevitable. Growth is intentional.
-Colin Wilson

There was no reply to my tap on the front door. The muted sound of Stephen Curtis Chapman coming from inside the house suggested Jen and Dave were still awake though.
I walked around the side of the house homing in on the Echoes of Eden. It seemed to be coming through the sliding glass door near the trampoline, although the curtain made the view opaque. I tugged on the door. It opened. I poked my head inside.
“Hello?” I called.
Two heads turned in my direction. Eyes met eyes.
“I just dropped in to... see... you...”
Dave and Jen exchanged glances then burst out laughing.
“Looks like you’ve seen a bit more of us than you bargained on luv!” quipped Dave.
“Don’t mind him!” giggled Jen. “Hang on a moment. We’ll just find our sarongs.”
I averted my gaze and tried not to blush as I heard material rustling nearby.
“Well don’t just stand out there girl. You’re letting in the mozzies.”
I stepped cautiously inside and slid the door shut behind me.
“Um... Sorry... I tried the front door but there was no answer... so I came around to the side door... and... um...”
“...sprung us!” finished Dave light-heartedly.
They both laughed again. I struggled to comprehend their unexpected responses to my ill-timed intrusion, then drew a steadying breath to control my bounding pulse.
Come on. You’re Heidi Cannikin. Photo-journalist extraordinaire. You can take this in your stride.
I glanced back at the exit and tapped my forehead contemplatively. I could feel Jen watching me curiously.
“That door I just came through... It’s a window!”
“Yep!” grinned Dave. “But it’s easy to mistake it for a door at night. Back when we had the house built, the local builder left his young offsider on the job and we ended up with a window that doubles as a door because the lad couldn’t read house plans.”
“I liked our door-window though, so we kept it!” added Jen.
I smiled faintly and looked around my surroundings to regain my composure. The room was lit by tiny LED bulbs. The light coming from them was maximized by cleverly positioned mirrors. A series of shelves displayed towels... pretty bottles of oil... scented candles... and the double swag which Jen and Dave were still lounging on. 
 “This room feels... serene. I like the mood lighting.”
“Solar charged LEDs, ‘coz we switch the generator off at night,” replied Dave.
 “The massage oil. It smells like the bottle in my room...”
“Ylang Ylang and lavender... Dave’s favourite blend,” explained Jen.
I kept talking to push through my awkwardness.
“I must tell my brother about your B & B. He might like to visit you next time he’s in Australia... He’s into massage and... Christian music...”
My voice trailed off. I gave up. Dave laughed mischievously.
“You sound like you’re not sure about saying massage and Christian in the same sentence.”
“I’ve never really thought it through.”
My shoulders sagged.
“The next time I hear Echoes of Eden I’m gonna blush big time.”
A roguish chuckle.
“So are you gonna come over and join us?”
“Join you?”
“Well you haven’t run off in terror, so part of you must want to join us...”
“You mean learn some massage strokes off you both?”
“Well I meant chat actually. But if you’d like to learn some massage strokes off us, the three of us can chat and learn at the same time.”
Jen threw Dave a sideways glance. She seemed mega-surprised, but smiled reassuringly at me.
I hesitated.
“Um... My brother’s taught me a couple of massage strokes. But they’re the relaxing type you do with clothes on. Not the type you guys were doing tous nu...”
“Tous what?” asked Dave, raising quizzical eyebrows.
“Um... you know... the married couple ones...”
I cleared my throat and looked at Jen. She laughed and feigned a swipe at Dave.
“Dave’s only teasing. He knows you’re politely trying to say you only want to learn massage off us if we all stay fully clothed.”
“Fair enough about the clothes but let’s drop the French and call a spade a spade, eh?” averred Dave.
I put on a front of bravery and took several steps closer.
“I enjoy learning things off older people. I mean, if you just hang out with people your own age, it’s effectively an ersatz maturity. And Dad says it’s normal for the older generation to teach the younger about life... So I guess that includes preparing for marriage classes...”
I stopped mid-stride and moistened my lips.
“Keep trying. You’ve nearly talked yourself into joining us!” coaxed Dave.
I risked eye contact with him.
“I want to join you both... It’s just that clearly you liked what Jen was doing to you. An awful lot.”
“You’re supposed to like a massage from your wife!” laughed Dave.
“I know. But what do I do if you get your erection back while Jen’s teaching me about massage? Do I cover my eyes, or pretend not to notice or look impressed?”
Dave’s jaw dropped. An unmistakeably readable reaction compared to the rest of his previously unreadable responses. I leapt physically closer to Jen for protection. Jen cracked up and draped a supportive arm around me.
“Just pretend you haven’t noticed anything if Dave gets another lump under his sarong,” she soothed.
I nodded like a wide-eyed child.
Frank’s assignment was shaping up to be an experience of a lifetime...
Ω
I sank down on the floor next to Jen and cautiously caught Dave’s eye.
“Sorry I embarrassed you Dave. I guess that sometimes a spade should be called a bêche after all...”
I glanced at Jen. Her dancing eyes suggested she was close to losing it.
“My brother can’t handle me saying the e word either,” I continued straight-faced.
Dave rubbed his palm across his mouth and made decisive eye contact with me.
“I can handle it... I just didn’t expect the conversation to get so intense so quickly.”
“Dave did a great job guiding our three sons into manhood,” elaborated Jen carefully. “But he hasn’t had many frank discussions with young women ‘coz we didn’t have any girls...”
“Oh. So you didn’t expect me to mention e’s straight off the mark? Like I didn’t expect you to be massaging each other erotically because there was Christian music coming out of the house, right?”
“Er... yes. Or do I mean no?”
Dave’s brow wrinkled.
“Jen, this conversation is doing my head in and it’s hardly started!”
Jen tried to sound empathetic.
“Extend yourself love... Just pretend she’s one of our boys.”
“Oh. I understand. So the e word’s taboo in discussions with girls but not with boys?”
“Of course the topic’s not taboo just because you’re a girl. It’s just a matter of... commonsense.”
“So it’s not commonsense to say the e word in preparation for marriage classes?”
A titter of mirth from Jen.
“No! That’s not what I mean either. Jen! I’m bogged love. Please help me out here instead of grinning while I grovel!”
“Dave’s trying to say it’s commonsense to choose who you discuss your personal experiences with,” explained Jen.
“And sometimes people - particularly Christians - don’t exercise that commonsense... because they’ve got this thing about proving that they’re uninhibited... Instead of just being uninhibited,” resumed Dave.
“Oh... I get it. You can handle saying the e word. You just don’t want to talk about what I saw, which I would never have seen if you and Jen weren’t so uninhibited.”
Jen collapsed in a fit of the giggles. Dave rubbed his temple and broke into a grin.
“I give up. Alright. The real reason I’ve been pussyfooting around with you is because a while ago, this bloke I know got snared good and proper by the words of his mouth. He got drawn into a conversation with this widow about parenting and his personal sexual experiences. Except his wife or mates weren’t present. And at the time he didn’t see anything wrong with that... Anyway a few months later, the widow turned around and told the cops that he’d said he had a problem with involuntary erections around kids. Then the bloke dug himself deeper by answering the cops’ questions instead of exercising his right to remain silent. And the cops twisted his honest answers around and used them against him... Then Child Protection stepped in and the mess got even worse. Complete strangers bared his personal sex life to every Tom, Dick and Harry and it cost his family the best part of a year’s income in legal fees to defend himself... He couldn’t teach kids phys-ed any longer or take them camping... He couldn’t even sleep in the same house with his own kids for nearly two years...”
Jen’s expression suggested they both knew the man Dave was talking about really well. I eyed Dave and nodded my head slowly.
“Well why didn’t you say that in the first place? Now I understand.”
I cupped my chin in my palms.
“Sorry I misunderstood you Dave. I have a habit of honing in on the feelings coming out of a person, rather than the words coming out of their mouth. And ever since I walked in on you, you’ve been exuding this sense of openness and transparency... Like you’ve had years of experience bringing the best out in people... and answering tough questions... and helping people feel relaxed about the things they feel awkward about...”
Dave and Jen exchanged silent glances. I continued my monologue.
“You feel like you’re an older, wiser version of my brother... Except you’re more fatherly than brotherly... My dad’s about your age but I’d never ask him about e’s. He’d die of embarrassment if I did... It’s a cultural thing... My brother’s reserved like Dad, but he makes an effort to answer my questions about stuff. Except when it comes to my questions about e’s. A few weeks ago I asked him what an e feels like and he went all red and squirmy and said it was too hard to explain. As if! What’s so wrong about a simple question like that?”
Dave laughed easily.
“Is your brother married?”
“No.”
“That’s what was wrong with your question. The same question’s not nearly as threatening when you’re married.”
“Why not?”
“Well... sometimes when you’re solo there’s a bit of emotional baggage attached to getting aroused - a sense of guilt, even if it happens involuntarily. The thing is, whether you’re solo or married, you can’t stop the birds flying overhead. But you sure can stop them nesting.”
“Stop them nesting?”
“You can choose not to continue to be aroused by changing your focus.”
“But I thought e’s were unstoppable...”
Dave paused and rubbed his chin contemplatively.  Jen laughed deliciously.
“This conversation has definitely strayed into your area of expertise, Lieutenant Colonel David Hopkins,” she teased. 
Dave’s eyes sparkled. 
 “Well... a fella might tell you that if he wants his own way... But if you were petting him in your bedroom and he had an erection, he’d promptly choose to lose it if your mum walked in on you both.”
I laughed shyly into my hands.
Learning off Dave was an experience I was never going to forget!
Ω
“Most people ache for guilt-free intimacy...” continued Dave.
“Guilt-free intimacy?” I echoed, moistening my lips.
Dave moved closer to me. 
 “God has designed our memory to record the past Hope. He’s given us a conscience which ties our past actions with our present thoughts and actions. When we intentionally let the birds nest, it leaves a guilt deposit in our conscience...”
A flood of culpable memories surfaced in response to Dave’s counsel. Half truths I’d told others... lies of omission... deceitful attempts to alleviate my guilty conscience... 
“Guilt short-circuits arousal irrespective of your age or sex Hope. If I’ve responded to something I shouldn’t have - like a woman other than Jen - then my response will be tarnished by guilt. Whereas if I’ve been aroused by something permissible, like Jen’s gentle hands brushing me somewhere nice - well then the arousal heightens and becomes passion... and then passion heightens and becomes intimacy... And the physical response I enjoyed at a soul level then becomes spiritual. And Jen and I know we’re one... We sense that oneness. And enjoy it immensely.”
Dave paused and kissed Jen. Not some peck on the cheek gesture - it was damp and clearly wow for them both. I felt fascinated by the depth of their relationship.
“I call it an echo of Eden. Because as good as the orgasm and the afterglow is - and it’s pretty good - it reminds me that what I’m experiencing is nowhere near as good as God intended it to feel, thanks to Adam’s stuff up back at Eden. And it also reminds me, that the God who created me desires to be intimate with me. Like He was in Eden with my ancestor Adam before the fall.”
“So if it’s like that with you, then it’s like that with my brother... Now I understand why he mightn’t want to talk about his e’s.”
Dave looked at me with fatherly eyes.
“Next time you see him you’ll have to straighten out his ideas, eh? A lot of young men feel guilty about the birds flying over...” 
“...when the real issue is whether they let them nest... Hey Dave, you’ve shared some pretty personal stuff. You aren’t regretting it, are you?”
“No. I’m feeling intrigued to tell you the truth. The way you’ve responded is completely different to the last young guest that sprung us...”
“You’ve been caught out by another guest?” 
“Ah ha. Out on our tramp.”
“Outside?” I gasped. “Were you... um... you know... like tonight?”
“Hey, don’t you go all evasive and tongue-tied now after putting me through that!” complained Dave light-heartedly.
I laughed and flung my hair back the way my mother did to help me regain my poise. Jen eyed me curiously.
“So was the guest a man or a woman?” I probed breathlessly.
“He was a single guy. A professor actually.”
I moved closer to Dave. He made no attempt to distance himself.
“Tell me the whole story!” I coaxed.
“Well... the night started out innocent enough... Jen and I were just lying outside on the tramp together looking up at the stars... then Jen’s hands wandered a little and one thing led to another and we stripped off... then next thing we knew we’d been caught out... And yes, the full moon was bright enough to see rude parts behaving like they were designed to do. There... is that frank enough so you don’t have to ask me twenty questions to extract the story out of me?”
I covered my mouth to trap my laughter and looked at Jen.
“But in our defence it was after midnight when we were caught out!” laughed Jen. “And we thought all of our guests were dead to the world.” 
“And they all were... Except for the Professor!” resumed Dave. “He thought one of his students was responsible for the noises we were making and crept over to investigate which student was under the wriggling sheet... The look on his face when he discovered he’d sprung us not one of his charges. It took quite a bit of coercion on our part to settle him down...”
I laughed and sank down on their swag. Mirroring their relaxed postures.
“And then what happened?”
“Well - Dave ended up giving the Professor some massage tips for couples,” smiled Jen.
“Mind you it took him a whole week of getting to know me before he was game enough to let me teach him anything!” chuckled Dave. 
“I think Maya gave him courage,” giggled Jen.
My heart skipped a beat at the mention of Maya’s name.
“Maya Gregory the photo-journalist?”
“A friend of yours?”
“We’ve co-written a couple of articles. I haven’t caught up with her for ages though.”
“Well next time you do, it might be at her wedding!” grinned Dave. “That pair are a match made in heaven if I ever saw one...”
“How romantic! I must tell my brother about your B & B... I reckon he’d really hit it off with you Dave. You’re so much like him...”
Ω
“Rad! Check out what I slept on last night Zac!” said Jake excitedly. “Look at the amazing colours in it... Just think... eons ago, this little twig was alive and now it’s a beautiful rock.”
Zac handed Maya a mug of black coffee. Maya sipped on it, savouring the kick-start.
“Well it was alive once and it’s semi-petrified now, but as a scientist you should think about revising the eons bit.”
“Why?”
“I was reading an on-line journal before we left. Some Japanese researchers published their findings recently... they’ve discovered that wood which is immersed in the thermal springs here at Yellowstone Park can become petrified after just a few months... So your little twig might have been growing on that tree over there last year...”
“Months? I don’t get it. How?”
“Well apparently hot water from the thermal springs carries its silica into the wood and replaces the woody tissues, from the inside out...”
“Like what happens in the hot water pipes in old houses?” asked Maya from behind her mug.
“Similar... But the pipes don’t have to be old. There’s this hotel in Alaska - they advertise it as having a natural thermal hot tub to draw tourists. The maintenance guy showed me the feed pipe one time. He has to replace it several times a year. The interior diameter of the pipe reduces from six inches down to an inch in just a few months. And the sediment build-up is as hard as rock. He can’t crack it off. So he just keeps replacing the pipe...”
Ω
Jen taught me some strokes to use on my future husband and we both practiced them on Dave. Which was embarrassingly educational. Then Dave taught me some strokes on Jen, to pass onto my future husband. Which was enjoyably educational. Then Dave figured he might as well show me what the strokes felt like while Jen chaperoned us. Which was embarrassingly enjoyable and educational... 
I left Dave and Jen’s place feeling like I’d known them for years not hours. I slept soundly in my room until next morning when the station generator kicked in. I dragged myself out to the kitchen, intending to make my first caffeine fix for the day. 
As I waited for the coffee machine to crank up, the fax machine spat out a printout. The page landed on the floor temptingly near my feet. I picked it up and skimmed its contents.
Serendipity had landed one of those enticing leads to a scoop at my feet and I couldn’t resist the temptation. I scuttled back to my bedroom and looked around for somewhere to hide the document.
Missy looked up at me with wide blue eyes and mewed. I glanced at the leather collar Dave had given me for her then started rolling the fax tightly around my pencil...

People will hate you, rate you, shake you and break you.
But how strong you stand is what makes you.
-Unknown

I could hear the men moving around in the kitchen area. I hurriedly packed up my belongings and started loading them into Pegasus. Their eyes followed me out. I walked back in to retrieve the rest of my things. This time they followed me out. I could sense them watching me but elected to ignore them. I tried to make out what they were saying as I loaded Pegasus.
“Deal with her car,” I heard Mr Laconic say.
His offsider walked off towards Dave’s shed. I was going to have to leave quickly, before they did something to Pegasus! 
I reflected on my on-the-spur-of-the-moment decision to swipe their fax. It had been a mistake. A bubble of regret lodged itself in my throat. 
Memo to self. Next time, photograph secret documents that fax machines spit out at you instead of swiping them. Like on Hogan’s Heroes...
I sensed the mood of the men as I walked back inside. There was a chance that things might turn nasty. There was no way I could take on two beefy blokes and Dave and Jen might get hurt. The only thing to do was to lead them away from Dave and Jen’s B & B. And hopefully lose them.
I strode back to my room and scribbled a farewell note to Dave and Jen. Another pang of regret at not being able to say goodbye properly. Never mind... I’d email them and explain what had happened when I could. I put a tip on top of the note, then placed Dave’s bottle of blended oil over it. 
The front door slammed. Footsteps. I opened my bedroom door. Mr Laconic almost fell through it. I casually stepped around him.
Strewn paper on the table. They’d obviously noticed the missing fax I had in my possession. My eyes fell on the biscuit tin. I remembered Dave’s lack of response to the other tin, and decided to take a leaf out of his book.
Ω
Acting as cool as a cucumber around someone who looked like he wanted to snap me in half was challenging. Especially since I hadn’t even had my first coffee. I opted to make myself a caffeine fix and breakfast on biscuits. As I swallowed the first mouthful I realized it’d been years since I’d eaten biscuits. Or had breakfast...
Silence.
His offsider walked in. A chemical smell wafted in with him. Paint thinners? 
“Morning,” I said melodiously. “Are you guys leaving today too?”
Blank, militant stares
“Where is it?” 
His tone resembled a growl. I paused mid cookie crunch.
“Where’s what?”
I went back to munching.
Eyes narrowed. A huge forearm reached forward and swept my coffee and the tin of biscuits off the table and onto the floor. I didn’t have to feign my indignation.
“You know, you’re very rude! If I wasn’t planning on leaving today anyway, I would be complaining to the management about you!”
A meow from Missy near my door. The perfect excuse to make an exit. I scooped up Missy then walked swiftly into my room, locking the door behind me. They started to shoulder the door. I grabbed my handbag and fled out the glass sliding door.


Chapter 3

Adversity causes some men to break, and others to break records.
-William Arthur Ward

To my right, the homestead flyscreen door slammed.
“Mornin’ Hope!” greeted Dave.
I vaulted over the makeshift gate.
“Bye Dave. Say bye to Jen,” I replied, hurling Missy and my handbag into Pegasus and jumping in behind them.
I glanced in my rear vision mirror as Pegasus roared to life. Dave was walking towards my vehicle with a confused look on his face. My two ex-housemates were running towards their jeep.
It was going to be close. The only way I could ensure Dave wouldn’t get hurt was to get away fast.
I took off, showering their jeep in crushed quartz. Pegasus struggled for a moment to get traction, then fishtailed and broke into a full gallop. Another glance in the rear vision mirror. Mr Loud-shirt had got the jeep started in record time and was already following me. Mr Laconic was standing up and had his arm extended, like he was pointing in my direction. Further back still, Dave was clambering into his jeep.
Oh no! He was following us!
Something hit Pegasus’s back window and it turned opaque. I jumped with fright. A bullet hitting glass didn’t sound like it did on the movies. It was much noisier. Being shot at while driving didn’t feel too hot either. It was mega-scary.
A road sign indicated the T junction ahead. The Laverton-Leonora road. I glanced right.  A road train was close. There was a second semi-trailer rambling along behind it. Just enough time if I judged it right...
My tyres screamed their protest as I turned in front of the road train. The truckie’s tyres screamed their protest and melted with an accompanying cloud of acrid smoke. I glanced guiltily in the rear vision mirror. The driver was fighting to keep control of his rig... his three trailers lurching violently either side of middle. Behind him the other semi driver was fighting to slow his laden rig to avoid collision with the first semi.
“God help them!” I arrow-prayed.
I wasn’t sure if I’d built up enough credit in the bank of miracles to have my prayer for the truckies answered.
Another micro-check in the mirror. Both rigs were intact and slowing to a stop in the opposite lane. Slowing as in all tyres screeching rubber and jolting to a stop leaving impressive marks on the bitumen. A speck ploughed through the cloud of smoke and turned into my lane. 
I planted my foot...
Ω
Dave turned his jeep around and headed back home. Fine bulldust was still resettling in the burnt-rubber tainted air. Other than that, there was no sign of the two vehicles which had almost caused a quad-disaster.
Jen joined Dave the moment he drove up.
“What was all that about?”
“I’m not sure. But they fired at her with a 9mm pistol. And I saw her rear window shatter.”
Jen looked horrified.
“Did the bullet get her?”
Dave gazed off into the distance.
“At a guess I’d say they missed anything vital. That XY of hers has a unique purr. I heard it slow down for the junction then accelerate off again through the screech of some truckie’s brakes. Sounded like she was in control and she had a bit of a lead on them... As for that other pair of drongos, they nearly became pizza between two semis at the junction. I didn’t see much point in pursuing any of them in old rattly here, so I opted to check to see if the semi drivers were okay.”
“Are they?”
“Yeah. They were both just shaken. I gave them our card to say I was a witness, in case they cop any flak from their bosses about the flat spots on their tyres. Everything considered, it could have been a lot worse...”
“Why did they shoot at her Dave?”
Dave rubbed his chin pensively.
“That bit’s bothering me I admit...  She didn’t strike me as having criminal tendencies... So she must have heard something... or seen something they didn’t want her to see.”
“So what if they decide they don’t want any witnesses to their behaviour?”
“We’re in a pretty safe position love. The visitors strip at either gate gives us advance warning someone’s coming. Enough time to prepare for trouble. And if we feel we have to make ourselves scarce, we can bunk down in the den comfortably for weeks...”
“You mean use the safe-house?”
“That’s why we built it, isn’t it?”
Ω
“Are we there yet?” grumbled Maya.
“You’ve asked him that ten times,” interposed Jake.
“Well he’s said ‘we’re nearly there’ ten times!”
“We’re there!” grinned Zac, pointing to a willow tree. “Duck through those dangling branches and you’ll see where you’re gonna learn to relax for the rest of the day.”
“Willow trees aren’t indigenous species in the park are they?” asked Jake.
“No. It’s been planted as a kind of living marker I think.”
Jake and Maya pushed their way through the foliage and found a hidden camping spot with a thermal spring. Maya let out a squeal of delight. 
“This place is incredible! It’s so... unspoiled.” 
“Five star enough for you?” 
“It’s ten star! Check it out. The waterfall’s all bubbly and warm!”
Zac laughed playfully.
“I’ll make us some grub while you two explore.”
“How did you know this place was here? There’s no signpost on the track to say it’s here,” ventured Jake.
“Your dad brought me here once. Not long after we first met. He called it the Garden of Eden from memory.”
“Well the name’s spot on,” said Maya as she soaked her feet languidly.
“Funny... There’s no mention of it in my Yellowstone Park guidebook. Is it marked on the map Dad gave you?”
“I haven’t looked. Check if you like. It’s in the outside pocket of my pack,” said Zac as he fired up the gas stove to heat their dinner.
Jake opened up the map and studied it.
“I’ve found it on Dad’s map. It’s marked with a pair of flying wings. That’s odd... According to this map, this place is a military recreational camping area and it borders a no-go military training zone.” 
“Really? Show me,” said Zac with interest.
Zac studied the map for a long moment and frowned faintly.
“Is something wrong?” asked Jake.
“No. It’s just that if this map is correct, I’ve been hiking before in the no-go military training area. Without realizing it.”
“With Dad?”
“Yeah.”
“Why would Gordon take you into a restricted military area?” piped up Maya.
“Maybe he didn’t know the area was restricted,” shrugged Zac. “Or maybe it used to be restricted when this map was produced but things have changed since then. I mean it says this recreational area belongs to the Air Intelligence Agency. But that doesn’t exist anymore.”
“What if someone military comes along and says it’s their place?” asked Jake with a hint of nervousness.
“We’ll just tell them we were using an old map and we thought we were allowed here,” shrugged Zac. “Don’t worry Jake. This place is in the middle of nowhere. And it doesn’t look like anyone’s used this recreation area for years...”
Ω
“Gidday room-mate!” greeted Charlie warmly.
Ryan nodded to the cocoa-skinned man who had wandered in, in just a towel. He was like everyone else up here. Fit, broad-shouldered and grey.
“What gives?” grinned Charlie amicably, as he dropped his towel.
“Sir?”
“You just sighed.”
“I did? Er... Sorry.”
Ryan kept steady eye contact with Charlie to avoid glimpsing his genital region.
“I haven’t asked the boss... I was just wondering. Is there anyone stationed here that’s... closer to my age?”
“Nope.”
Ryan nodded curtly and averted his gaze. Charlie turned around and clambered into his clothes. Ryan picked up his iPhone and plonked himself down on his bed. He shoved his Beats headphones on and lay back and closed his eyes. Charlie shook his head faintly and redirected his attention as Jed and Rod walked in. Rod glanced at Charlie with raised eyebrows.
“Strike out with the pup?” he asked casually.
“He doesn’t want to talk to me ‘coz I’ve got grey hair...” groused Charlie.
“I can swipe some hair dye off the Missus,” suggested Rod.
“Or I can shave it off for ya,” offered Jed.
Charlie cracked up. Rod and Jed draped demonstrative arms around Charlie’s shoulders.
“Quick. Let’s get outta here. In case he thinks touching shoulders is gay.”
The three men made a beeline for the common room.
“It’s only been a day and I’m already fed up of this pup!” groused Charlie.
“Patience Charlie!” said Rod and Jed in unison.
Ω
Dave rubbed his chin pensively.
“Her room’s empty, except for this note and a tip... It’s written on the back of the FOUND poster she was making for the cat...”
“What about their rooms?”
“They’ve left a fair bit of gear behind.”
“That means they might come back!”
“The Good Lord’s our refuge Jen... Although He also expects us to use the commonsense He’s given us.”
“My commonsense is a bit fuzzy at the moment. Can you give me concrete directives to follow instead?”
“In order of priority... Switch on all the surveillance cameras so we can get some good mug shots of them if they come back. Stock up the pantry in the safe-house, then put on the kettle.”
“What are you going to do?”
“Carefully go through their belongings to see if I can find out anything more about them... Ring the bloke named Frank on this poster of Hope’s... Then sit down with you over a cuppa and try and make sense of the pieces of this puzzle...”

One day your life will flash before your eyes. 
Make sure it’s worth watching.
-Unknown

I’d been running on adrenaline since I left Dave and Jen’s place. I hadn’t dared look at the speedometer, but I knew intuitively that Pegasus’s 300 hp motor was getting the cobwebs blown out of it. She had not skipped a beat, but we both needed to stop shortly. I had a full bladder and Pegasus’s tank was nearing empty.
I forced myself to be optimistic.
Hey I was still alive... 
The presence of a police car patrolling back in Leonora had probably saved my life. It had kept my pursuers a respectful distance behind me and they’d avoided discharging their firearm in my direction when I’d slowed down to drive through town. I’d managed to regain my 500 metre separation distance out on the open road, but I knew we had to slow down again through the next blink-and-you-miss-it town of Menzies. They knew it too. And we both knew the chances of seeing another police patrol vehicle were a million to zilch. 
Menzies was just around the big bend in the distance. Self pity replaced my forced optimism. I sighed noisily. 
If I survived this and Zac found out about it, I’d be in big trouble. 
Except being in trouble with Zac was an endearing, fond memory at this point.
My vision became clouded like I needed corrective surgery. Absorbed in my multilayered negativity, I barely had time to register that I was on a collision course with something big, as I rounded the bend...
“God help me!”
Another arrow prayer. Another withdrawal from the bank of miracles. With no time to stop, I ignored the flashing red signal and blaring warning horn and urged Pegasus up another notch on the speeding fine scale. A micro-check of my rear vision mirror. The Korean’s tight lipped anger. His offsider’s attempt to avoid the imminent collision - their second for the day. I hit the train tracks too fast but Pegasus handled the punishment, in defiance of the laws of physics and gravity. I glimpsed the terrified expression on the freight train driver’s face as metal missed metal by centimetres. Behind me I heard screeching brakes and rubber.
I risked another glance in the rear vision mirror as I drove around the wide bend into Menzies. Their jeep was bogged in bulldust and both men were looking over in my direction. Mr Loud-shirt had managed to avoid a collision with the train by deliberately manoeuvring their jeep off-road. He was definitely a better driver than me and obviously had an intimate knowledge of being in the thick of things. There was no way I could have done that without rolling the vehicle! Under different circumstances I would have admired his driving skills. His action had saved their lives. And given me precious time to get away from them.
For the time being I was safe...
Ω
“This mystery is perplexing,” complained Dave.
“What do we have so far?”
“A fax machine on the dining table... paper strewn around... A bit of a mess in the kitchen... And someone’s been in my workshop.”
“What did they take?” frowned Jen.
“As far as I can see they only took a can of white spray paint... Tossed the empty can in the kitchen bin...”
“Anything of interest in their luggage?”
“Tarapaca has a piece of paper with something written on it in Spanish. I took a photo of it ‘coz my Spanish is rusty, but it’s just the name of some garden I think. Nothing in Luan’s luggage at all.”
“Any tour guides?”
“No.”
“Well it doesn’t sound like they were tourists anyway...”
“Why?”
“The genuine tourists usually have maps, tour guides and things like that tucked away in their belongings. Even Zac had a few.”
“Hmmm. You’re right love.”
“What about their clothes?”
“Luan has mostly white T-shirts and khaki pants. Korean military issue, although he could have bought them at some army surplus store. Tarapaca’s got the usual colourful, loud shirts and shorts blokes wear in Chile.”
“Seems a bit strange someone from Korea travelling with someone from Chile. I haven’t come across that before...”
“I agree it’s an interesting combination of nationalities... I don’t see how it’s connected to why they were after her though... As for that Frank bloke... the last thing I expected him to say was that he doesn’t know her. I mean she’s put his name and phone number on her cat poster...”

I don't see the logic of rejecting data 
just because they seem incredible. 
-Fred Hoyle

“Rad! Check out what we’ve found Zac!” exclaimed Jake, snapping a photo. “It’s a wooden propeller off an old plane... I wonder how it got here?”
Zac meandered up to the others.
“There are a number of flying relics in this area. Last time I came through, there was even a skeleton of an airman dressed in old flying clothes.”
“A real skeleton?” asked Jake solemnly.
“Nah!” laughed Zac. “It’s fake. You know, like the ones medical students use. Gordon told me the military blokes leave messages for each other with it. They call it Skully!”
“Well I think what’s left of Skully’s plane is fascinating,” said Maya, snapping a photo. “The bit of the prop that’s in the water has already turned to stone... The same minerals that turned the twig to stone must have done this to the prop. I wonder if this happens anywhere else in the world?”
“I know of something similar back home,” replied Jake. “Have you ever visited that old wooden waterwheel down at Cape Leeuwin?”
“No.”
“Well that’s almost completely turned to stone, but they know it was in use 70 years ago. That’s also happened because of the precipitation of minerals from the flowing water.”
“Actually there are examples worldwide, and not just wood to stone,” replied Zac. “We’ll have to try and get to Knaresborough one day.”
“Never heard of it.”
“It’s in England. About 20 kilometres west of York. There’s this waterfall there with stone teddy bears hanging under it. Not to mention stone clothes, top hats, shoes, umbrellas, teapots and ice skates. There’s even one of Agatha Christie’s handbags and one of John Wayne’s cowboy hats that have turned to stone. It’s a fascinating geological spectacle. As the water splashes onto the hanging objects, calcium carbonate is deposited along with small amounts of other minerals, and the deposits build up and coat objects with a crust of rock. How long it takes for something to become rock depends on the size and porosity of the object. But a small teddy turns to stone within a few months, and a non-porous item like a helmet takes about eighteen months.”
“That’s incredible! How come I’ve never heard of that place?” murmured Maya.
“Australia’s a long way from England,” shrugged Zac. 
“I wonder if Frank’s heard of the place? I hope he hasn’t. That way I can sweet talk him into paying my expenses over there in exchange for a travel article.”
Zac chuckled.
“Well I guess what I find most interesting about Knaresborough is how quickly the flowstone has formed over everyday objects. Someone left a Victorian top hat and a ladies bonnet there back in 1853. They’re now completely covered in a thick layer of flowstone. The hats are known to be only 160 years old but the rock that’s covered them looks like it’s been there forever. And when you see everyday things you know are less than two hundred years old imbedded in a massive wall of stone, you start to realize how young the earth might really be...”
Ω
Pegasus arrived at Kalgoorlie gasping for fuel. I’d made it a policy never to run her tanks dry, and the DTE had been down to 5 miles. I apologized to her... filled her to the brim, then went inside to pay for the fuel.
Nearly dying takes a lot out of you. The smell of hot chips made me aware of how badly I needed food. Fast food... Even if I preferred organic to polyunsaturated. I walked away with a bucket of chips for an entrée.
Making myself invisible was top on the list. And to do that I needed to avoid electronic transactions for as long as possible. I withdrew a lump sum from the bank, then drove down the road and joined the overweight queue in MacDonalds for main course. I gulped down more calories until I felt better about my situation. Then I fired up my laptop while downing my cappuccino.
My choice of restaurants had been strategic. I knew the MacDonalds eating experience came with free wifi access. And next on the list was getting into Zac’s special database to work out who I was up against.
I logged in using #777#, then ran a background check on Luan and Tarapaca. The results were almost instantaneous and left me wildly scared. I saved screenshots of the information, wrapped up the remains of my meal for Missy and bolted out the restaurant for the security of Pegasus.
Ω
I drove west for the remainder of the day. Past Alternative 1 - which was to flee interstate via the Nullarbor. Interstate represented invisibility and the turnoff at Coolgardie was tempting. I flashed past it and pushed away the bubble of anxiety which lodged itself in my throat as a result of the decision. Yes, I needed to stay alive... But self preservation was not the only consideration. The lives of countless other Western Australians were at stake. General Luan’s plans needed to be exposed or disrupted.
I dismissed Alternative 2 as I reached the foothills of Perth. Hiding out on Frank’s hobby farm was tempting, but again not an option. Frank had stuck his neck out as the editor of The West. The paper had scooped the coverage of the Korean Weathermakers’ recent E/M weapons test in W.A... Stunning front page photos of the fireballs... eyewitness reports... an article which linked the failure of 10 million energy saving bulbs in Perth to the scalar weapons tests... a special series which drew attention to previous E/M weapons tests in Western Australia... and a front page story demanding the government collect the CFL bulbs which had been damaged in the weapons test to protect the environment against the heavy metals in them. 
Frank had gone from covert expert, to overt authority and created an Australian-wide interest in the misuse of E/M weapons. But his actions also made him a person of interest to the likes of Luan and Tarapaca. Clearly I had to avoid contact with Frank until my pursuers had given up, or he might become a target as well.
Alternative 3 was crashing at Maya’s townhouse. Again however, it was not an alternative I wanted to take up... Maya was away somewhere, so staying at her place would not inconvenience her. I even knew where her spare key was. However, she’d covered the recent scalar weapons tests near Laverton and her articles had indicated she was an eyewitness. Which made her a target now also. Did the scientists she was hanging out with realize this? Perhaps that was why they’d all gone overseas. To become invisible. 
Lucky Maya. Right this minute, invisibility sounded incredibly attractive...

Pray as though everything depended on God. 
Work as though everything depended on you.
-Unknown

Zac thrashed around like a wounded seal in a shark tank. Maya and Jake both shook him awake.
“Zac... it’s okay... No one’s been shot! We’re all okay...” soothed Jake, shining the torch around so it rested on each of them in turn.
Maya gently caressed the top of Zac’s chest near his pounding heart. Zac exhaled noisily and peered at his surroundings in the predawn light.
“Sorry. It seemed so real...”
“We know. You were yelling loud enough to attract every bear for miles.”
A weak smile.
“The bears usually only make a nuisance of themselves in the touristy areas Maya. Or where people regularly leave food out for their pets.”
Silence. Maya moistened her lips.
“Hey Zac... I know talking about nightmares is against the whole tough-guy code of ethics, but you can talk about it if it helps.”
“I’m okay now... Really.”
“Are we allowed to ask who Hope is?” ventured Jake. “You were yelling out her name.”
“She’s my kid sister.”
“Must be a terror of a kid sister if she causes nightmares like that!” quipped Maya.
An emotional smile.
“She’s headstrong, but I love her to bits... I’m glad it was just a dream... It was so vivid. Hope was driving a hotted up XY... and then two men shot at her... and she was crying out my name... asking for help...”
“A hotted up XY? She sounds like a woman after my own heart!” smiled Maya.
“Crazy eh? She doesn’t even own an XY. She drives a classic VW bug.”
“Is it hotted up?” 
Zac wiped his glistening brow and chuckled weakly.
“I have no idea. Maybe you can ask her if you’re still hanging out with us at the end of next week. Unless something crops up I plan to catch up with her when we leave Yellowstone.”
“In Alaska?”
“Ah ha. She lives on campus in Anchorage and comes home for term breaks.”
“What’s she studying?”
“Journalism... Except she keeps deferring units. It’s taking her forever to get her degree. Maybe you can inspire her to hurry up and finish it, if you two get to meet.”
Silence.
“Do you normally dream about people getting shot?” probed Jake.
“No. Although I can’t say I blame you for thinking that. Especially since you’ve only known me for two weeks and I’ve woken you up twice now with nightmares about people getting shot.”
“Well mum really did get shot and she really did die in your arms. So having a nightmare about that doesn’t count...” mused Jake.
“But your sister didn’t die in your arms so the dream might be a warning, so that does count,” countered Maya. “Dear Still Small Voice... Please send Jireh to rescue Zac’s sister if she’s being shot at and tell her what to do. In Jesus Name.”
“Amen,” said Jake and Maya in unison.
“Thanks guys,” whispered Zac.
“Did we do it right? It didn’t sound quite as good as the preachers on the tele.”
“Course you did it right. God answers prayers from the heart. He isn’t the slightest bit religious... ”
Ω
Zac’s face swum into my consciousness... Running to him for protection was Alternative 4. Except I didn’t know what continent he was on. In fact I didn’t even know which hemisphere he was in. He moved around with his work.
“God...What would Zac tell me to do?” I sob-prayed.
Go to the Safehouse.
The instruction was clear... Like someone was softly speaking in my ear. I spun around in fright, almost expecting someone to be sitting in the back seat.
It was empty.
The previous Christmas, Zac had come home for holidays. And while he was home he’d made me memorize a list of addresses. He said they were safehouses, if I ever found myself overseas and needed refuge. Dad had listened to us curiously, then he backed up Zac’s efforts until I had the addresses down pat... At the time I’d resented Zac’s over-protectiveness. Now I was overwhelmed with gratefulness. The safehouse in Western Australia was in Perth, near a shipping port. But in my present panic-riddled state I couldn’t recall the address. I couldn’t even think of the name of the suburb. I blinked back the tears and waited for some circuit to activate...
A road sign loomed up in front of me.
Welcome to the City of Rockingham.
The confusion crumbled around me. I drew a steadying breath as I heard my voice reciting the address in unison with Zac.
1023 Rockingham Beach Road, Rockingham...
I went from helpless to hopeful in a heartbeat.
“Thanks God,” I whispered emotionally. “You just did something pretty mind blowing...”
Ω
1023 Rockingham Beach Road was down near the beach - like I’d expected. The owner of 1023 Rockingham Beach Road was nothing like I’d expected however. 
Crawley was a cumbersome man with implanted hair and over-whitened teeth, preserving his fleeing youth with plastic surgery and Botox. Somehow he didn’t strike me as someone safe to hang out with, but I was too done in to care. I just needed somewhere to sleep where pets were permitted. And Crawley’s hostel met both criteria.
“Rent’s a month in advance,” he said demandingly.
I nodded in exhausted agreement and handed him $600 in cash. He didn’t offer a receipt. I didn’t push for one. I wanted to keep my life untraceable anyway.
In my bleary state of fatigue it didn’t occur to me there might be some reason why only three of the twenty rooms in Crawley’s hostel were occupied.
It was a ramshackle structure which had just missed out being heritage-listed. Jarrah floorboards and ornate ceiling roses hinted how majestic the building had been in a bygone era. It was well past its “use by” date now however. So were the common area furnishings. The games area housed a dilapidated pool table. The lounge sported green shaggy-pile carpet and a champagne-pale couch which exuded sweaty bursts of living. The communal kitchen had chipped enamel appliances. Damp vapours brooded from the laundry area. Overflowing septic tanks fed the remnant of a once thriving cottage garden. The women’s ablutions had no hot water. And the men’s didn’t look promising either.
The room I’d rented was past its “use by” date too. Sagging ceilings, bubbling wallpaper and stained carpet. I felt safe however because there were two exits. The front door opened up onto the road and overlooked the coast and the fast setting sun. The rear door opened into a tributary hallway as narrow as a coin slot, which led to the back alley. I practised opening and closing both doors several times and planned my escape route in both directions.
The room was unfurnished but by happenstance there was a deceased estate garage sale next door. Two hundred dollars bought me the dead woman’s bedroom suite. Another untraceable transaction, with the added bonus of the use of a sturdy furniture trolley...
I relocated the furniture into my room, returned the trolley and flopped down on the bed. Missy joined me, purring like a chainsaw. The adrenaline and bad coffee I’d been running on all day lost their efficacy as her purring lulled me into relaxed mode. Within minutes I was fast asleep...

Be like a postage stamp. Stick to something until you get there.
-Josh Billings

“Want to talk about it?” invited Jen gently.
A lengthy silence. Jen waited.
“I guess what’s knotting me up is, she’s somebody’s sister... and somebody’s daughter...” said Dave eventually. “And if we had a daughter - and she was being hounded overseas in Alaska - we’d want someone to help her, wouldn’t we?”
“Course we would.”
“She’s gonna probably end up dead unless someone helps her... If she’s not already cactus.”
“Maybe Gordon can help us out.”
“Gordon? Nah love... He’s too busy caught up in international affairs to be interested in scrums between individuals...” 
“Well, she was being pursued by two foreigners that probably aren’t tourists. Doesn’t that seem odd to you?”
“I dunno... I think I need to sleep on it.”
“Why don’t you lie on the swag and I’ll rub your neck?”
“If you do that I might nod off. And Gordon’s due to contact me in an hour.”
“I can listen out for his call. And wake you if he has important information to pass onto you.”
“S’pose it wouldn’t matter for one night if you took the call instead of me. Like you said, you can always wake me...”
Jen caressed Dave’s shoulders - his neck muscles were uncharacteristically knotted. She ran her fingers soothingly along them and deliberately said nothing. Dave’s breathing slowed and became rhythmical. She kissed him gently then got up and made herself a strong coffee.
Ω
“Whiskey Alpha Yankee Six... niner... eight... Got a copy David?”
“Copy Gordon... It’s Jen here.”
“Jen? Good evening. What a pleasant surprise. Where’s the man of the house?”
“Um... He’s nodded off. I’ll just go wake him.”
“No need... I was just touching bases with him. Somethin’ unusual happening your way, eh?”
“Er... we’ve had a couple of unusual things happen... But they’re nothing to do with the Weathermakers’ activities in Australia.”
“But the unusual things have got David in a knot, eh?”
“How do you know?”
“I lived with him for two years while you two were going through hellfire because of Maree, remember? And he’s a creature of habit. When he’s stretched, he flakes out early. When he’s carefree, he’s a night-owl.”
Jen paused.
“Dave said it’s not the sort of thing to bother you with...”
“David’s knots don’t knot me up!” laughed Gordon. “Come on Jen. We hardly ever chat. Tell me all about the knot! And the thread!”
Another pause.
“Um... well we had a young woman arrive yesterday. She claimed she knew Maya. Actually we think she was looking for her...”
“Go on.”
“Well, when she arrived she found a tin in the singlemen’s quarters with some left over components from the project Zac and his team were building here last week. Dave says she knew they were part of a scalar weapon kit.”
“Interesting...”
“Anyway, she told us she intended on staying a week when she booked in. But she literally fled early this morning. The other two blokes who booked in as well yesterday evening took off after her. And one of them tried to shoot her.”
“Nasty chaps. Did she know them?”
“She arrived separately and they didn’t appear to know her... And we spent several hours chatting with her last night and she never mentioned them either... The strange thing was, last night when we were chatting, I kept feeling I knew her...”
“Has she stayed with you before?”
“No... I’d have remembered her. She had black hair and blue eyes.”
“Black hair and blue eyes is a curious combination...  Hair dye or possibly a wig?” 
“I thought the same thing.”
“Any accent?”
“Hard to tell. Her English was excellent... She said she was a backpacker. From Alaska... I was wondering actually... Is Zac’s sister in Australia at the moment?”
“Unlikely. She’s never been out of Alaska to my knowledge.”
“Oh. I was almost certain...”
“...that the young woman was his sister?” supplied Gordon.
“I agree the claim seems bizarre. That’s why I haven’t asked Helen.”
“Jennifer... You have an unsurpassed ability to recognize faces and mannerisms. If this young woman seems familiar to you, then she is familiar to someone you’ve met... Out of curiosity though, what made you think she’s related to Zac?”
“Her eyes. The expression in her eyes as she intently soaked up information... It was Zac all over. And she flung her hair the way Helen does when she’s embarrassed... And tapped her forehead just like Kiviuq does when he’s trying to figure something out... I haven’t seen Helen’s daughter since she was three, but I’m almost certain it was her because of the mannerisms...”
Gordon chuckled.
“Well irrespective of whether she’s related to the Canney’s, the question is, has this young woman’s sudden appearance at your B & B and her understanding of E/M weapons got anything to do with why she’s being pursued by a couple of heavies?”
“Dave’s wondering the same thing... Gordon... If I ask a personal favour will you keep it under wraps?”
“You want me to do a background check on all three of your ex-guests eh?”
“Only if you’ve got time.”
“I’ll make time... What name did the young woman sign in under?”
“H. Cannikin...“
“Hmmm. Zac’s sister’s name is Tunfaruq from memory.”
“I know she didn’t use the initial T and the surname’s a little different. But Zac doesn’t use his traditional name either. And Helen told me one time that Tunfaruq translates as ‘trusting hope’. And the young woman said her name was Hope.” 
Gordon cleared his throat softly.
“Gordon, are you still there?”
“Er...yes... Just writing down the details. What names did the heavies sign in under?”
“Mr Luan from Korea and Mr Tarapaca from Chile.”
“Tarapaca?”
“Yes... You sound like you’ve heard of him. Should I wake Dave?”
“No... Let him snooze. Listen Jen, I’ll get back to you in person about the background checks.”
“You will? Thanks Gordon...”
Ω
Dave stirred as Jen walked back into the room.
“Goodness... Look at the time... Gordon will be on Echolink any minute.”
“He just got off actually... I mentioned you were taking a catnap and he said not to wake you. Nothing significant his way.”
Dave rubbed his eyes tiredly. Jen sank down onto the swag beside him.
“It’s not just those blokes chasing Hope, is it?” she probed gently.
Dave sighed noisily.
“I’ve been thinking about when she caught us out. I behaved like she was one of our boys interrupting us. Then I chatted with her like she was family... And I did the same thing to Zac the other night when he interrupted us... What’s got into me lately luv?”
“Empty nest syndrome!” joked Jen. “Our kids are off our hands now so you’ve taken to parenting other strays that drop in.”
“You think that’s all it is?”
“Maybe Hope was a bit like the daughter we never had but always wanted... I mean you were having an awful lot of fun last night. Introducing her to the principals of a pleasurable marriage.”
“I was, wasn’t I? Sorry if I overstepped the mark Jen. You’re more precious to me than anyone else on this planet... Our passion and freedom... I never want to mar it...”
“You didn’t overstep any boundaries Dave. And I was chaperoning you anyway... For some reason you and Hope just clicked. And she felt like she could trust you enough to ask you lots of dad questions and bounce her ideas about intimacy off you... You’ve been a mentor to countless young men over the years, but always kept your distance when it comes to young women.”
“But Jen, you know why I’ve kept my distance...”
“I know. But as you saw first hand last night young women need mentoring as much as men do. Maybe the winds of change are blowing, eh?”
Ω
“Thanks for wearing two hats Jody.”
“That’s alright Frank. You rarely ask me to. And the offer of double time while you’re away from your desk is generous.”
“I might be away for a few days... I just wanted to tie up as many lose ends as possible before I leave... Sorry, can we go through the list once more?”
“Sure. I’ve rung up and checked with the B & B. They have vacancies and they’ve pencil booked your friend Jonathan Walker in... The service centre has checked over your BMW... Tomorrow’s front page is ready to go... Your appointments for the next two days are cancelled... Your work mobile has been diverted to my phone... And I’m to tell Maya or Heidi to contact you pronto on your sat phone if either of them ring through to you...”
“Great. Anything else you can think of?”
“Just one thing. Frank... about that crank caller today...”
“The one that rang with the wild tip off about the woman in danger?”
“Yeah. He rang back again after you hung up on him...”
“What?”
“He really sounded worried that you said you didn’t know the woman... what was her name again?”
“I think he said Hope...”
“I’ve been thinking... what if you do know the woman but he’s got the wrong name?”
“Or what if it’s someone I know using a different name? I suppose that’s worth keeping in mind,” said Frank reflectively. “If he rings back, give him my sat phone number as well...”


Chapter 4

When written in Chinese, the word crisis is composed of two characters.
One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
-John F. Kennedy

I woke to the sound of heavy machinery. I congregated with the other hostel residents and watched in disbelief as a dozer started tearing up the driveway outside the hostel.
“What’s going on?” I demanded.
“You were given notice to quit weeks ago girlie.”
“But I only moved in last night!” I protested. “And Crawley demanded a month’s rent in advance.”
I felt the other residents eyeing me with silent curiosity.
“Not my concern girlie. I’m just a contractor paid to do a job. And I won’t get paid unless I do it.”
I gasped as the bulldozer narrowly missed Pegasus. The elderly woman said something to the man in a foreign tongue. It sounded like Dutch. The old man made eye contact with me.
“We’ve parked our vehicles around in the disused alleyway. Your car will be safe there,” he said in heavily accented English.
“Is it true that you’ve all been given notice?”
The elderly woman nodded sadly.
“But where will you go?”
They both said nothing in response. The old man wrapped a supportive arm around his wife and silently steered her away.
After moving Pegasus, I opted to hide in my room and work on a couple of articles Frank had asked me to write. I toyed with the idea of setting up another bank account in my Inuit name and requesting Frank to make an advance payment into that account, but after thinking it through I dismissed the idea because I had insufficient id on me. I had enough problems without attracting the attention of the Australian authorities as well...
I had just finished the draft of the second article when someone tapped on my door. I opened it cautiously and found myself staring at the khaki uniform of an Australian Police officer.
“Outside!” he barked tersely.
I walked out of my room like a shell-shocked victim, wondering if things could get any worse than they already were...
Ω
“This is absolutely fascinating Zac. Layers of upright petrified trees...The closest thing to this in Western Australia is the Pinnacles Desert in Nambung National Park.”
“This is similar to another area here in Yellowstone called Specimen Ridge, actually.”
“Can we camp here the night so I can wake up and get some sunrise photos of this place?”
“Why not? We’ve made good time and we’re not in any hurry,” replied Zac.
Zac took his pack off and set about preparing the evening meal. Jake joined him.
The pot on the camping stove sent out an aroma of chicken and herbs.
“I know what the guidebook says about this area... but how do you think this was formed?” asked Jake as he stirred the food on the stove.
“Well whatever he thinks, it’s guaranteed to be different to your guidebook!” ragged Maya.
Zac and Jake laughed.
“Well... Popular theory says this was a forest, buried by volcanic ash, which weathered into clay then soil, then a new forest grew, and that forest was buried by ash - and the same thing happened over and over again and the upright stumps here are all that remain of those forests that were successively buried in-situ over millions of years... Except the popular theory doesn’t take into account recent, recorded scientific observations which offer a different explanation for formations like this.”
“Observations made where?”
“Well, all over the world. But Mt St Helens springs to mind, because it’s not far from here. Before the eruption in 1980, Spirit Lake at Mt St Helens was just a lake. Today, if you look at Spirit Lake, without knowing what it was like before the eruption, it looks like there was a forest growing there once and then the lake formed around the trees and killed them. But scientists eye-witnessed what really happened. And because we have photos of the area before and after 1980, we know there wasn’t a forest there before 1980.”
“So how did the forest of trees get into Spirit lake?” asked Maya. 
“Well after the eruption, we observed thousands of logs get buried upright in layer after layer of sedimentary mud - and we know it took just five years - not millions, thousands or even hundreds of years, for that half-buried forest to form in the lake.”
“So you think these petrified trees here could be the end result of a mudflow following a catastrophic event like an earthquake or volcanic eruption too?” asked Jake.
“Well there are around 3000 earthquakes recorded in Yellowstone Park every year. And heaps of evidence of past volcanic activity - a black obsidian mountain... cooled basalt lava... the remains of a volcanic vent plugged with magma, and hydrothermal features like geysers, hot springs and mud pots... And since what happened at Mt St Helens was so well studied and recorded, I’d prefer to go with an explanation based on direct observations, eh?”
Ω
The senior police officer made deliberate eye contact with the assembled group.
“Listen. I understand how hard it is for you people, especially because you’ve all lived here for a long while. But you’ve been evicted, do you understand? This building is being demolished at the end of the week. And you’re all squatters.”
“I’m not a squatter!” I fumed. “I haven’t lived here a long while either. I only moved in last night. After I gave Mr Pearl-teeth here a month’s rent in advance!” 
Their eyes flickered with amusement at my jibe. The two officers eyed me curiously. 
“Do you have a receipt to prove the transaction?” 
“No. He didn’t give me a receipt. But I’m telling the truth!”
“Well can you show any proof that you withdrew money to pay rent in advance?”
“I got out a lump sum in Kalgoorlie. Here’s the receipt.”
“This teller receipt indicates that she withdrew $2000. Can you explain that Mr Crawley?”
“That doesn’t prove anything. She could have spent the money on anything. Come to that, it could even be someone else’s receipt she’s picked up in the street. Look at it logically. Someone with $2K wouldn’t stay in a hostel earmarked for demolition, would they?”
“I rented a room in your dump of a hostel because my brother recommended it!” I said hotly. “Although I can’t for the life of me work out why.”
“Well the law’s on my side. And the law says you’re all squatters. The power goes off tonight. So does the water. And if you don’t move your belongings out within 48 hours, they’ll be reduced to rubble. And that’s a promise...”
“Hello?! This isn’t China. It’s Australia!” I bristled, with my hands on my hips. “Since when does the law support enforced evictions that breach the Tenancy Act?”
Crawley seemed taken aback by my assertiveness. Possibly because it was absent the night before due to my exhaustion. 
“I saw the document he gave these people,” I continued, making eye contact with the police officers. “He’s only given them two week’s notice that he’s going to demolish the building they call their home. And he’s made no offer of relocation assistance to compensate them. Or offered to return their bonds.”
A rugged man who looked like he was of gypsy descent seemed intrigued by my fiery stance on their behalf. He whispered something to the small girl by his side.
“What are you? A social worker?” fumed Crawley.
“Never mind who I am. The point is you’ve ripped off these people. And me.”
The Sergeant cleared his throat.
“Listen everyone. What’s happening isn’t right. But the accommodation you’ve been living in is not good by Australian standards anyway. You’ll all be better off in the long run if you just pack up your belongings and leave peaceably. You included,” he said, eyeing me.
He turned and made eye contact with the rugged gypsy.
“What’s your name?”
“Pedro.”
“Can you read English?”
A silent nod of assent.
“Here’s the court order for your eviction,” he said solemnly. “Explain it to the others for me in their language so they understand, will you? Ring me on this mobile number if you don’t understand any part of the document, and I’ll explain it to you...”
They all slowly walked off. I refused to budge.
“I’ve got a good mind to expose your actions all over the front page of the West Australian!” I seethed.
“Are you threatening me?” bellowed Crawley.
“No. I’m making you a promise,” I replied calmly, turning on my heel and walking back towards my condemned room.
Ω
Charlie stooped down and picked up a heart-shaped locket off the floor. He prised it open with a hint of curiosity and whistled softly at its contents. Inside it was a diamond ring and a photo of a young woman cuddling a small child. Charlie snapped the locket shut again as Ryan walked in.
Ryan glanced casually at Charlie and immediately noticed what he was holding.
“Hey? Where’d you get that? That’s mine!” he growled deeply.
“Yeah right.”
“You better not have opened it! It’s personal!” yelled Ryan an octave higher.
Charlie looked up in mild surprise.
“It can’t be yours. Some woman staying over has obviously lost it. I’m gonna take it over to lost property.”
“No it’s mine! Give it back to me!” yelled Ryan in an even higher pitched voice, diving at Charlie and grabbing for the locket.
Charlie avoided the sloppy tackle and started laughing.
“Didn’t they teach you to fight at the Academy pup?”
Ryan charged at Charlie again and struck him with all his might with clenched fists. Charlie reeled under the unexpected blow but managed to stay on his feet. Ryan snatched the locket from Charlie and held it close to his heart.
“What did you do with the chain?” he yelled with flaring eyes.
Charlie forced himself to remain composed.
“Hey listen. I didn’t take it. I found it on the floor. Near my bed. While you were in the shower...”
“Where’s the chain?” repeated Ryan shrilly.
“I dunno,” replied Charlie looking under his bed. “Were you wearing it before your shower?”
Ryan sniffed up and nodded. Charlie tried not to show his confusion.
“You check your bedding. I’ll check the clothes you took off.”
Ryan frantically started tossing bedding around. Charlie watched him circumspectly as he carefully separated Ryan’s clothes.
“Is this what you’re looking for? It was stuck between your singlet and your T-shirt.”
Ryan took the chain from Charlie and examined it tenderly.
“It’s broken,” he whispered, putting the chain and locket into his pocket and carefully zipping it up.
Ryan tore outside and scaled up the cherry tree. Charlie stood at the base of the tree looking up. John approached Charlie.
“Strike out with the pup?” he asked softly.
“I’ve tried everything I can think of to break through his shell,” complained Charlie under his breath.
“Patience Charlie,” replied John empathetically.
Ω
Darkness. Maya stared at the looming shadows around her. She rolled over closer to Zac and propped herself up on her side in her sleeping bag.
“Are you still awake Zac?”
“Ah ha.”
“Hey Zac, I know it’s Jake’s field trip, but I still don’t get it. How come these petrified trees are upright if they didn’t grow here?”
“Well, again we can use observations made at Mt St Helens to understand that. We know that the heat from the eruption back at Mt St Helens melted nearby snowfields and glaciers. And as molten rock hit the water it created steam which also caused localized rainfall. And all that melted snow and ice and the extra rain resulted in a flood which caused a massive mudflow. In fact 625 square kilometres of forest trees were wiped out by all that flowing mud and water. Scientists observed that some of those flattened forest trees floated along on the mudflow, but they recorded that other forest trees travelled upright - because their root balls absorbed water and sank and that tipped the log into upright position.”
“Upright like trees grow. I get it.”
There was a rustling behind Zac. Jake rolled closer to join the conversation.
“And after the eruption and the flood, there was an earthquake,” continued Zac. “That triggered a landslide that dumped half a cubic kilometre of debris into Spirit Lake. The landslide also created waves that were 260 metres high and dumped more logs in the lake. Five years after the eruption - in 1985 - scientists estimated there were at least 15 000 partially buried upright logs in Spirit Lake. And scientists know how they got there because they saw it happen and recorded it...”
“...and since they observed it happen at Mt St Helens it could happen anywhere,” interrupted Jake. 
He sounded intrigued.
“Ah ha.”
“Especially here... since Mt St Helens is pretty close to here, so some of the same species grow here...” continued Jake. “I mean scientists witnessed it happen near here just thirty years ago, so it could have easily have happened right here in this very spot too... any time in the past... There just wasn’t anyone around to see it happen... Except for the bears.”
Zac chuckled.
“Do you think there are still any bears around in this area?” asked Jake, propping himself up in his bag.
“I guess there are a few.”
“Black bears or brown bears?” persisted Jake.
“Well... probably black bears,” admitted Zac.
“What difference does it make?” asked Maya. “You run either way!”
“No you don’t!” countered Jake. “You’re supposed to keep eye contact with them and back away slowly. So they know they’re dominant. Unless you’re too close to them.”
“What do you do if you’re too close to them?”
“Well... if you encounter a brown bear or Grizzly close up it’s best to play dead... Curl up in a ball and protect all your vital bits... show you’re not a threat... and stay like that even if the brown bear tries to chew your pack or knock you around a bit... But not if it’s a black bear...”
“What if it’s a black bear?”
“You’ve got to be aggressive.”
“How do you know all this stuff about bears?”
“I read it in my guidebook.”
Maya sat up abruptly and inched closer to Zac.
“Please don’t tell me his guidebook’s right.”
 “Okay,” yawned Zac.
Silence.
“So his guidebook’s right?” shrieked Maya.
Zac stretched noisily. 
“Black bears are less likely to attack you in the first place but if they do it’s likely that they’re hungry, so playing dead won’t help... And they can out-climb, out-swim and out-run you... so the best strategy is to make out you’re the dominant critter... you know... blow a whistle, roar threateningly, wave your coat... and generally make out that you’re too much trouble to be on the dinner menu.”
Maya wriggled over to her pack and started rummaging around in it.
“Looking for something?” asked Zac casually.
“Ammunition.”
“Huh?”
“Here it is...” she said holding up two cans.
Zac peered at them in the semi-darkness.
“Canned rice-cream?”
“Ah ha. If I see a black bear I’ll open the cans and then throw them at him. Aggressively.”
Maya placed the cans of rice-cream into her sleeping bag and settled herself down again. Zac restrained his amusement.
Silence. 
Jake sat up and started looking in his own pack.
“There isn’t any rice-cream in my pack. Do you reckon black bears like canned peaches?”
Zac stifled his laughter.
“They might,” ventured Maya. “They eat berries. I saw it on Discovery Channel. And berries are sorta like peaches... And the peaches are in syrup. So that’s sorta like honey...”
Zac chuckled softly as Jake loaded several cans of peaches into his sleeping bag.
Silence.
“Hey Jake. Have you got any canned fish in your pack?”
“Yes.”
“Can I have it?”
“Okay. Why?”
“Bears eat fish... I saw it on the same show on Discovery Channel... Although I don’t remember if they were filming a black bear or a brown bear...”
A rustling sound. Jake passed Maya over a can of tuna.
“Want one as well Zac?” he offered.
“I’m right thanks mate!” chuckled Zac.
A faint clink as several cans made contact in Maya’s sleeping bag.
Silence.
Someone yawned.
“I see a Big Bear!” said Jake suddenly.
“Where?!” gasped Maya, sitting upright again.
“Up there. In the sky. Ursa Major. It’s a constellation that looks like a bear. See?”
“I’ll get you back for that Jake!” growled Maya hotly, holding up a can of rice-cream.
Zac cracked up. 
“Best save it for the bears, Maya.”
Everyone resettled themselves.
“Well I thought it was an exciting discovery,” groused Jake. “I’ve never seen Ursa Major before. You can’t see it in Australia... But I can’t find Ursa Minor. Do you know where it is Zac?”
“It’s over there... To the left of the moon... It’s partly concealed by that cloud... See,” pointed Zac.
“Oh yeah. Found it... Goodnight Little Bear.” 
Silence.
“Hey Zac... Did you see any bear tracks when we set up camp tonight?” asked Jake.
“Nope.”
“What about bear slobber or bear claw marks?” asked Maya.
“No!”
“What about bear droppings?”
“Jake! You’ll be asking me if drop bears are real in a moment!”
“Are they?” asked Maya.
“No! Enough about the bears. They generally only bother people if they’ve learnt they can get a regular feed somewhere or they can smell food. Now go to sleep. Both of you.”
Ω
Charlie sat down on the edge of Ryan’s bed and glanced at him in the semi-darkness. He took off the gold chain from around his own neck and held it out.
“My wife gave me this a few years back, but I’m sure she wouldn’t mind me passing it onto you... Where’s your lucky charm anyway?”
Ryan reached his hand down into his jocks.
“In with your crown jewels, eh?” joked Charlie.
Ryan almost smiled.
“This dude at the homeless shelter taught me how to sew secret pockets into my clothes. To keep important things safe.”
Charlie nodded to hide his bewilderment.
“Here... let’s thread it through... there we go... I’ll just clip it up around your neck... There, good as new, eh?”
Ryan cleared his throat.
“Thanks. Lots.”
Charlie nodded again.
“You didn’t look inside it, did you?”
“Nah,” lied Charlie. “It’s personal.”
Silence.
“Are you gonna tell the boss I punched you?”
“Nah. If he gets wind of what happened, I’ll tell ‘im we were practicing old school defence.”
“You will? Thankyou Sir.”
A faint smile. Charlie returned it.
“Sir? Am I allowed to call you Charlie when we’re off duty? Like the others do?”
“’Bout time!” grinned Charlie.
Silence. Ryan broke off eye contact and wriggled down into his sheets. Charlie picked up the hint.
“I’d better let you get some sleep... Goodnight Ryan.”
“Goodnight Charlie,” replied Ryan, as he put his earphones into his ears. 
Ω
I was not in a position to keep my promise, but Crawley kept his. By nightfall, Western Power had disconnected the electricity and the Water Authority had turned the supply down to a trickle. The other residents took the inconvenience calmly. They fired up an ancient kerosene fridge. I was surprised at how well it worked. They barbequed outside. I resorted to cooking in my room on my camping stove. 
After tea I built a water heater out of a 44 gallon drum and connect the dribbling water in the ladies shower to it with polypipe from the garden. I’d seen a similar setup in a Red Cross emergency camp in Chile.
I said nothing to the remaining not-so-regular crowd in the hostel as I laboured to get the shower operational. I surreptitiously listened into their conversation however as they chatted about the day’s events.
They were a family clan of sorts. Drawn together by a common label. 
Displaced person. 
Dutchy and his wife Katja were the clan’s elderly patriarch and matriarch. Displaced by the holocaust as children. Then there was Prada and Reece. Originally from Romania, they both looked too young to responsibly parent the three children that called them mum and dad. Finally there was Pedro. He was about Zac’s age and build. Jet black curly hair; dark olive skin; good-looking to the power of ten. His small daughter clung to him like a life preserver. Wild, dark eyes that seemed tinged with sorrow followed my every move. I wondered why.
My determination to build something which would keep us all in a safe hygiene zone became stronger as twilight gave way to starlight. Eventually dejection replaced determination.
“Do you want help yet?” asked a small voice in Spanish.
I eyed the tiny girl. Surprised she had broken away from her father. I glimpsed the expression on her father’s face. He seemed mega-surprised that she’d broken away too.
“What’s your name sweetie?” I replied back in Spanish.
“Petrina.”
“Petrina. When you grow up, I want you to remember something.”
She glanced at me with attentive eyes. 
“I want you to remember that women invented windshield wipers, dandruff shampoo, disposable nappies, the dishwasher, the hair dryer, the automatic coffee maker, Kevlar and liquid paper. So we’re smart enough to get a simple thermo-siphon shower working.”
“There’ll be a bubble in the loop,” said Petrina in a matter of fact tone.
I laughed warmly.
“How do you know?”
“Daddy told me that’s what’s wrong with it. But he thinks you’re clever for trying to build it anyway.”
I could feel myself blushing.
“Well let’s see if daddy’s right,” I murmured, squeezing along the loop with my fingertips. Small palms imitated my actions.
An unexpected gush of water drenched us both. The room erupted into laughter.
Petrina’s father said something in an unrecognizable language. More laughter. Petrina’s eyes danced in response.
“What did your daddy say?” I asked, shaking myself like a wet dog.
“He said, ‘Now we know why a woman invented the hair dryer’,” replied Petrina, giggling into her hands.
Her high pitched laughter triggered a pang of longing for something I’d never wanted before. Motherhood. And a giggling daughter to mould and fashion and chat to. The seriousness of my present situation welled up and quickly replaced the out of character longing.
If General Luan finds me, I might never be a mother. Or a wife.
Two nights ago I had been learning massage strokes off Dave to pamper my future husband, without a care in the world. Now I was looking over my shoulder at every unusual sound.
I took a deep breath and swallowed the lump in my throat.
“I might wash up now we’ve got this working. I hate going to bed without a hot shower.”
Petrina smiled and waved goodbye.
“Tell daddy thanks,” I added softly, shutting the door behind me.

I have learned to use the word “impossible” with the greatest caution.
-Wernher von Braun

Dave looked over towards the window-door at the faintest sound. Jen became immediately attentive and kept the conversation going as they fastened their sarongs. Dave stealthily unlocked it, then quickly yanked it open.
A suit clad body fell inside. Dave and Jen exchanged impassive glances.
“Well what do we have here? A clumsy eavesdropper.”
“D... Don’t hurt me!”
“Let me guess... You’re a scientist or a journalist, right?” growled Dave, tugging Frank to his feet.
“What makes you think that?”
“Because every time I flippin’ well try and pamper me wife, either a scientist or a journalist drops in...”
“Well technically this one fell in!” said Jen, with a hint of a smile.
The visitors strip triggered. Jen jumped with fright and quickly locked the sliding door again.
“I demand that you release me!” whinged Frank.
“Pipe down!” hissed Dave.
The approaching car headlights cast eerie shadows in the room. Dave killed the solar lights, plunging the house into darkness. The car pulled up outside the homestead and the driver switched it off.
“New arrivals this late?” murmured Jen.
They both peered through the window. Frank went to bolt for the door but collided with the table.
“Sit!” ordered Dave, pushing him roughly down into their lounge chair.
Crunching footsteps indicated a solitary visitor.
“Sounds like they know their way around. It must be someone from town.”
“You keep an eye on our friend... I’ll go,” offered Jen.
“Stand behind the metal plate when you open the door love,” prompted Dave.
“Wilco,” replied Jen softly.
Ω
Jen cautiously opened their main front door. Tired relief.
“Gordon!”
“Good evening Jen.”
Jen quickly unlocked the front security door and switched the solar lights back on.
“Deadlocked doors at night? That’s not like you two...” commented Gordon softly.
“Wise as serpents, harmless as doves,” replied Jen. “It’s good to see you again so soon. But what are you doing here?!”
“Don’t sound so surprised. I said I was going to get back to you on that background check in person didn’t I?”
Jen’s features relaxed.
“Thanks for sharing the load Gordon... Dave’s in the living room. I’ll just turn on the generator so I can make everyone a cuppa.”
Ω
“Gordon!” greeted Dave with surprise. “You didn’t tell me you were in the neighbourhood mate. I’d have picked you up from the airport.”
“I didn’t need a lift. I hired a car since I may be here a few days. I’m here to watch Jen’s back while you’re away.”
“Away? Where am I going?”
“I need you to locate a couple of bods I’ve been monitoring, who are showing an unusual interest in Western Australia. They’re a little too nasty for Zac. And he’s kinda got his hands full with Jake and Maya anyway...”
“You’ve got Maya?” interrupted Frank. “If you hurt her I’ll kill you!”
Dave fired him an impatient look.
“Zip it up. I’ll get back to you in a minute... You were saying Gordon...”
“The first bloke is a Korean armed forces General... Luan Ain Quong... I’m not sure what his present agenda is, but wherever he pops up in the world, nasty things tend to happen.”
“And the other bod?”
“Carlos Stefan Tarapaca...”
“The Chilean arms dealer?” butted in Frank.
“I told you to sit quiet!” ordered Dave. “Have you got some mug shots of these bods Gordon?”
“Yep... I’ll just fire up my laptop... Who’s our knowledgeable friend here anyway?”
“I was just about to find out when you arrived... He’s staying in the singlemen’s quarters. ‘Caught him eavesdropping on us outside our window, just before you arrived. Lousy at it though. At a guess I’d say he’s a deskie.”
Gordon eyed Frank with interest.
“Your deskie’s face looks familiar. Who’d he sign in as?”
“Jonathan Walker.”
Gordon failed to restrain his grin.
Frank looked taken aback.
“You know him?” asked Dave with mounting interest.
“We’ve never met, but a few weeks ago Zac ran a background check on him - to help his sister out on some college assignment she was doing. In the process they discovered our friend here has been writing articles about the misuse of E/M weapons for years. He also writes articles as Greg Bates and Don Sarfati... Although for Australian taxation purposes, his name is Frank Wieland and he’s the editor of The West.”
“Who are you people?!”
“You mean this mug’s responsible for running Maya’s articles?”
Gordon nodded with amusement. Dave rolled his eyes.
“That explains the new BMW. I had to pinch meself when he rocked up at our place in that!”
“When I get away from you I’m gonna report you to the police for kidnapping!”
“Will ya please dry up? I’m trying to think... Frank... Frank Wieland... That’s right... Now I remember.  His name and phone number were on Hope’s poster... You’re that grumpy ol’ bellyacher who hung up on me when I tried to tell you she needed help!”
“And I’m telling you I don’t know anyone by the name of Hope!” thundered Frank.
“Maybe you know her as Heidi Cannikin,” suggested Gordon softly.
“Heidi?!” echoed Frank.
“Yes. Except her real name is Hope Canney.”
“Canney? As in Zac Canney?” confirmed Dave.
“I was right?” interposed Jen.
“Yes on both counts Wonder Woman... Talking of facial recognition... Do you recognize either of these blokes?”
Jen stared at the side-by-side snaps on Gordon’s laptop.
“Yes! They’re the men who are chasing Zac’s sister!”


Chapter 5

If we did all the things we are capable of,
we would literally astound ourselves.
-Thomas Edison

Jen handed out hot chocolate all round.
“So do we tell Zac she’s over here and possibly in trouble?” reflected Dave, from behind his mug.
“And what about their parents?” frowned Jen. “They might assume Zac knows she’s in Australia and then they’ll both be in trouble.”
Gordon nodded in agreement.
“I gave it considerable thought on the way over... It’d be good if we could avoid history repeating itself... I’m leaning towards locating Hope and ensuring she gets round the clock protection from us without blowing the cover identity she’s obviously gone to great lengths to create for herself.”
“But she’s being hounded by two experienced militants Don.”
“She’s obviously resourceful... And she’s probably come up against similar bods before as Heidi Cannikin... Travelling to the world’s trouble-spots... writing cutting edge freelance articles... making a name for herself as an award winning photo-journalist. Her family will be impressed when they find out.”
“I think Helen’s gonna have a fit when she finds out,” murmured Jen, shaking her head in disbelief.
“Why?” asked Frank.
“Wouldn’t you be worried about your nineteen year old daughter if someone told you a couple of military heavies were using her as target practice?”
“Nineteen? But when I first met her in Los Angeles, she said she was twenty-three!” frowned Frank. 
“How long ago was that?”
“Four years ago. So she’s twenty-seven.”
“Well Zac’s twenty-seven. But she’s definitely only nineteen now.”
Frank’s jaw dropped.
“But that means she was only sixteen when I sent her to Iraq with Maya.”
“You sent a sixteen year old to Iraq?” said Jen in disbelief.
“Worse than that. I let a sixteen year old drive my new Porsche!”
Dave and Gordon stifled their grins.
“Well how was I to know she was only sixteen?” said Frank defensively. “She was impeccably groomed. And driving a restored 1971 Boss Mustang, which my son took a liking to.”
“Well I haven’t had much to do with young Hope, but if she convinced you she was older than she was, it doesn’t surprise me. Zac and Hope were home-schooled. Most young people see their teenage years as a vacation from responsibility, but that pair believe they were born to be planet shapers. I recall having a profound discussion with Zachariah the first week we met about society’s low expectations of teenagers today... And how two hundred years ago, teenagers were often history makers - Thomas Edison invented an electrical pest control system at 13... Philo Farnsworth was 14 when he developed the forerunner to the television set... Alexander Graham Bell invented a rotary brush to remove husks from wheat at 14...”
“... and at 15, Benjamin Franklin delivered papers by day, but by night he wrote anonymous articles for the paper which influenced the direction of the nation...” finished Frank. 
He shook his head slowly.
“Just wait until I get my hands on that teenager!”
Gordon laughed warmly.
“What’s struck me about them both is the way they draw from the experiences of others,” ventured Dave. “They soak up ideas like sponges, mull ‘em over, then ask you for more input. I’ve never come across young people quite like them.”
“Zac put you through the wringer while he was here, eh?” grinned Gordon.
“Zac was a breeze... Hope had me ducking for cover!”
“Since when do you mentor young women?” guffawed Gordon.
Dave paused.
“We held a father-daughter discussion... Jen was present the whole time.”
“Well I never thought I’d see the day!”
Dave said nothing. Gordon decided to back off.
“Let’s see... Our top priority is to locate Hope before Luan and Tarapaca do. She hasn’t any formal training in espionage, so that shouldn’t be too difficult. Since you hit it off with her Dave, it might be best if you try locate her physically. Meanwhile I’ll make use of your op centre and try and track her down electronically... She’s bound to slip up and make a bank transaction or use her email or mobile...”
“What about me?” asked Jen.
“If Luan and Tarapaca return, it might arouse suspicion if you’re both not about. I can pose as a guest but really be watching your back. The only thing that stinks about my plan is Dave doesn’t have anyone to watch his back if he encounters Luan and Tarapaca...”
“I’ll be his backup!” said Frank quickly.
“You?” fired Dave.
“Heidi... I mean Hope, is in this mess because I gave her the assignment of investigating where Maya left off.”
“You allowed her to go out into the field without any physical or electronic backup?”
“I came here looking for her when she didn’t contact me.”
“Thirty six hours too late! You deskies should stay at your desks!”
“Wooah up Dave... I agree our deskie has poor field skills, but the articles he writes indicate he has a good grasp of E/M warfare. His understanding of the stakes is at least as good as mine when our paths first crossed.”
Dave gave Gordon a long-suffering look.
“Don, this is no time to break in a green pup... Especially one that’s scared of his own shadow and likely to trip over a rubbish bin.”
“Do you know your way around Perth bushie?” challenged Frank.
“Roughly. Besides I’ve got maps and a GPS.”
“Most GPSs can’t even find the farm.”
“What farm?”
“It’s a vacant rural property with an old shed on it out near Serpentine airfield. Hope keeps her ride there. I’ll lay a bet if she’s laying low in Perth, she’s there.”
“Well what are we waiting for? If we drive through the night we can be there by morning.”
“No deal ‘til one of you tell me where Maya is.”
Gordon’s eyes twinkled. 
“Our deskie appears to have a card or two up his sleeve, military man...”
Dave sighed noisily. 
“So where’s Maya?” demanded Frank, looking at Gordon.
“When I last saw her, she was being winched down off a helicopter into the heart of Yellowstone National Park. Zac’s organised a relaxed field trip to teach her and Jake the basics of hiking and bush survival.”
“You’re lying! Maya doesn’t hike. And if she has to rough it she complains to blazers.”
“News update Frank. Maya has traded her three inch Manola Blahnik’s for Scarpa hiking boots.”
“Unless you can prove she’s safe, I’m not going to help you find Hope!”
Dave rolled his eyes.
“Let’s skip using this jelly-legged journalist as backup Don... I’ll find Hope without his help.”
Gordon chuckled softly.
“It’s all right David... Wary Wieland here is just making sure that we’re the good guys... Would you like to chat to Maya in person Frank?”
“You can contact someone in the backblocks of Yellowstone Park? How?”
“Zac’s carrying a military issue H.F with multiple frequencies so we can communicate with him via Echolink. And we can also resort to using Morse if voice transmission’s poor.”
Dave snapped his fingers.
“Eureka! That new locator beacon Zac’s trialling... He might have explained to Hope how to transmit on it...”
“...and if she’s attempted to contact him, we can determine her location when she triggered it... Stroke of genius, military man!”
“Not so fast pen-pusher. I can’t access Zac’s log from my computer without his password...”
“It’ll take me all of five minutes to rewrite the programme so we can!”
“It will? Stroke of genius, pen-pusher. Come along then... you might as well join us fraidy Frank. For better or worse, it looks like we’re watching each other’s backs on this assignment...”
Ω
Dave’s den took up about half of the Safehouse. Five forty foot sea containers, excavated into the ground, bunker style. The extent of the underground installation stunned Frank. Satellite tracking equipment... radar screens... amateur radio... computers with an array of communications equipment...
“This is... impressive,” he breathed.
“It also needs to remain secret,” replied Gordon. “Last week we foiled a North Korean attempt to demonstrate how a UN satellite could be misused to create destructive weather patterns on the other side of the planet. Luan is probably here to investigate what went wrong with the Weathermakers demonstration.”
“Or to have another crack at the demonstration,” murmured Dave. “Is Tarapaca a known associate of Luan’s?”
“It appears to be a new alliance... Have you heard anything Frank?”
“M... Me?”
“You’re an investigative journalist... Any suggestions as to how we can confirm the new partnership?”
“There’s a forum that journalists access. The rumours are usually reliable leads.”
“You check the forum. We’ll see if Hope’s tried to contact Zac, then we’ll rouse Maya...”
Ω
“Gidday Gordon...”
“Good morning Zachariah... Is the sun up yet in your part of the planet?”
“Just... Everything okay down-under?”
“Why do you ask?”
“Gut feeling.”
“Well... actually there are a couple of undesirables roaming around making a nuisance of themselves at the moment...”
“Do you need us to cut our trip short and join you?”
“Not at this stage, but I’ll keep you posted... Actually I’ve contacted you for a different reason. Maya’s old boss Frank would like to speak to her. Is she awake?”
“Of course I’m awake Gordon. I’ve been waiting for you to call.”
“You have? Why?”
“You were in on this torture weren’t you?!” exploded Maya.
“Er... torture?” echoed Gordon meekly.
“You know that tour of Yellowstone Park I thought I was going on. Some tour!”
Dave grimaced and rubbed his creased forehead. Gordon scratched his nose and moved the mic closer to Frank.
“Bad hotel hon?” asked Frank melodiously.
“Try no hotel Frank! Not even a tent...This chopper dropped us off in the middle of nowhere. Nothing in sight except three backpacks with sleeping bags. And so far, all we’ve done is hike. And do push-ups! Zac made me do twenty yesterday morning.”
“Twenty push-ups?” echoed Dave sympathetically.
“More than that!” complained Maya. “I got twenty extra push-ups. Just for popping my head up and taking one little photo of a bird when Zac had told me not to move.”
Dave and Gordon exchanged semi-desperate looks. Jen smothered a giggle.
“And last night Zac forced Jake and me to bathe with him under this smelly, bubbly waterfall. In just undies and a T-shirt.”
“Embarrassing?” said Gordon gently.
“I was embarrassed dad,” murmured Jake. “Until Zac pointed out that the average g-string only covers 10cm2, whereas what Maya was wearing covered at least a hundred... By my calculations it was 106cm2 actually.”
Jen bit her lip in an attempt to control her laughter.
“Er... right son,” mumbled Gordon. “Stay on the side for a jiffy...”
Ω
“You terrorists!” chastised Zac with a grin.
“Just telling them what they want to hear!” retorted Maya.
“Did we sound convincing?” added Jake.
Zac laughed and lay back on his arms.
“Gordon and Dave sounded convinced. I don’t know about Jen though. I thought I heard her giggling...”
Ω
Silence. Gordon broke it.
“Er, the term torture was possibly just an unfortunate choice of words...”
“...and I’m sure there was a good reason Zac forced Maya to bathe in mixed company in a T-shirt which only covered 100cm2 of her skin,” added Dave solemnly.
“106cm2” corrected Jen, trying to keep a straight face. “An extra 6cm2 of cloth translates into additional modesty when bathing in mixed company...”
“Starlit skies... a secluded location... a warm, effervescent waterfall... When the competition’s dishing out carrots like that, it doesn’t surprise me that Maya hasn’t contacted me!” chuckled Frank.
Jen and Frank doubled over with laughter and clapped each other on the back. Dave and Gordon exchanged blank looks.
“You two have no idea when it comes to women!” laughed Jen.
“I know one thing for sure now. You’re the good guys... The look on your faces!” guffawed Frank. “You actually believed her!”
“You’re not worried about her welfare after what she said?” murmured Dave.
“Are you saying she was having us on?” added Gordon.
“Take my word for it. Maya’s having the time of her life. If she wasn’t, she would’ve thrown a fit and hiked out of Yellowstone by now. By herself! Not to mention sweet talked me into paying her fare home in exchange for a freelance article about the experience!”
Gordon slowly rubbed his chin.
“So if you’re right about Maya spinning a yarn, that means Jake and Zac are having us on too! Jake’s a fledgling, but we can’t let a seasoned vet like Zac get away with this unchallenged... He’s making me feel old!”
“Iron sharpens iron!” grinned Dave. “Pass me that mic again mate...”
Ω
“Maya, it’s Dave... We’ve been discussing it... It sounds like you’re letting Zac call all the shots on this training camp. It’s for his benefit as much as yours... Gordon’s wanted Zac to lead mixed teams for years. But Zac’s always dug his heels in about the idea until he met you. Gordon feels he’d benefit career-wise from more exposure to those frank questions young women ask. You know... the ones that make fellas squirm inside...”
“Gordon wants me to give Zac practice at answering them?”
“Yes. And don’t let him duck any curve balls either... If he says ‘e’ in the middle of a conversation with you, make him say ‘erection’. If you ask him what an erection feels like... don’t let him get away with telling you it’s too hard to explain...”
Maya laughed into the mic. Zac held his fingers over his lips to hide his reaction.
“You should see the expression on his face... He looks stunned Dave!”
Dave chuckled roguishly. Zac took the mic off Maya.
“Dave, are you sure this is Gordon’s idea?
“Quit your griping young lion,” interrupted Dave. “Yellowstone’s a beautiful park to learn to communicate with a woman in. I was stationed there for fifteen years so I ought to know... Just relax around Maya... Like you’d relax around Hope.”
Zac only just managed to reply.
“I don’t recall telling you I had a sister.”
“Er... Gordon mentioned her actually. He said you were teaching her to run background checks. Were you two playing cops and robbers or something?”
Zac laughed.
“I look for opportunities to find common ground with her and she told me she had to submit a piece of investigative writing as part of her journalism course... Except I think she’s got a bit carried away with her assignment.”
“Why?”
“Well the other day when I logged on to do a check of my own, I noticed she’s run a background check on a journalist by the name of Heidi Cannikin as well.”
“I’ve heard that name somewhere before...” replied Dave with complete sincerity.
“You’ve probably read some of her articles. She’s a well known investigative journalist. She writes succinct articles on earthquake engineering and weather manipulation... I’d like to meet her some day.”
Dave cleared his throat.
“Well you never know what the future holds... Listen, your signal strength has dropped off this way, so we’ll sign off for now. But we’ll touch bases again with you all again if we need to... VKO698 going clear...”
“Yeah, bye ya-all. VKO699... clear. ”
Ω
“Well recovered!” laughed Gordon, as Dave hung up the mic.
“Sorry about nearly slipping up there mate. I had to drop in that bit about the background checks, to justify how I knew Hope’s name. On the off-chance anyone’s listening in, hopefully it didn’t make much sense anyway...”
Frank looked thoughtful.
“Well your young friend’s story lines up with yours and with what Hope told me when I thought she was Heidi Cannikin.”
“Hope told you about Zac?” frowned Gordon.
“She said she and her brother had run a background check on me... and discovered I had four identities... And that her brother was a scientist who knew a lot about E/M weapons.”
“So do you trust us yet, wary Wieland?”
“Almost. Why’s she really in Yellowstone Park?”
Gordon and Dave exchanged momentary glances.
“Zac chose Yellowstone Park so he could protect Maya without making it feel like protective custody.”
“What do you mean?”
“Frank - there’s a chance Luan and Tarapaca are chasing Hope because they think she’s Maya.”
“Why would they think that?”
“One of the articles in your spread last week mentioned a female journalist was an eyewitness... It took me about two minutes of searching your archives to determine that you have eight female journalists who currently write for you regularly, and only two of those are investigative journalists - Maya Gregory and Heidi Cannikin...”
Frank’s brow creased.
“And if Luan did a number plate search on the vehicles currently here, he would have discovered the XY was registered in the name of Heidi Cannikin... and probably reached his own conclusion as to which journalist was the eye-witness...” 
Frank’s look of horror intensified.
“Of course, Luan and Tarapaca may be pursuing Hope for an entirely different reason...”
“What reason?”
Gordon and Dave exchanged glances. 
“A military intelligence reason,” replied Gordon. “But that information is...”
“...classified?” guessed Frank.
Gordon nodded and cleared his throat.
“For the time being we need to assume that both of your investigative journalists need our protection. Maya’s safe with Zac and Jake on the other side of the world. Our task is to locate and protect the intrepid Heidi Cannikin...”
Ω
Maya joined Zac and Jake - who were both relaxing languidly in the warm water.
“What are you wearing?” murmured Zac.
“100cm2 of T-shirt and undies.”
“I make it 106cm2!” chuckled Jake.
“Maya, you realize what’s gonna happen when that material gets wet, don’t you?”
“What’s gonna happen?” asked Jake.
Zac removed his own T-shirt without comment and slid it over Maya’s head. Maya pulled her arms through the shirt and giggled girlishly. 
“Don’t give me that ‘behave yourself’ look! My new assignment is to teach you to talk about sex with women. I had to do something provocative to initiate the conversation!”
“There must be a heat wave at home at the moment,” frowned Jake. “You don’t have any trouble communicating with women about sex stuff do you Zac?”
Zac grinned coyly
“Not really... Except possibly with my sister.”
“Why?”
“Some of the questions Hope asks are over-the-top threatening because they’re so personal.”
“Your kid sister sounds one powerful woman!” laughed Maya. “What information about sex has she tried to pry out of you anyway?”
Zac smiled and reddened slightly.
“The sun’s over the trees... We should think about breakfast and breaking up camp.”
“No evasive answers Zac Canney. I’m an investigative journalist on a mission and Jake is my assistant interrogator. And we will both tickle the facts out of you unless you tell us all about the last conversation you had about sex with your sister... Now when, where and what happened?” insisted Maya, holding an imaginary mic in front of Zac’s mouth.
Zac forced lightness into his voice.
“When? Well... the last conversation we had about sex was about four weeks ago. Just before I went to Laverton.”
“And where were you?”
“We were both together... in her VW.”
“And what did she ask you?”
“What? Er... Pass! On the grounds that I might go red!” teased Zac.
“That’s Strike 1!” giggled Maya. “Three Strikes and you’re tickled!”
“So the what she asked was a very personal question?” probed Jake cautiously.
“Ah ha.”
“So Hope asked you about what it feels like when you get... um... aroused?” asked Jake, with blushing cheeks.
Zac grinned and nodded in assent.
“Huh? How’d you guess that Jake?” asked Maya with surprise.
“I didn’t guess it. I concluded it based on my observations.”
“What observations?”
“I observed Zac’s response when Dave gave you those instructions... He drew a deep breath and brushed his lips with his fingertips... Then he rubbed his ear. And he does those things when he’s nervous.”
“Good to see you haven’t forgotten what I taught you recently about observing with all your senses Jake. Even if you’ve used it against me!” laughed Zac.
“Don’t try and change the topic Zac... I didn’t notice you doing any of those things, but I agree with Jake. If you responded like that, then it indicates you’re scared to discuss sex with women.”
“I was unsettled by what Dave said. But you’ve jumped to the wrong conclusion Maya.”
“You’ve lost me.”
Zac paused.
“Okay... I was gonna put it on the back burner and try and make sense of it today while we were hiking, but I’ll try to explain it to you now before we set out... Do you remember Dave’s exact words earlier?”
“Not really. He said something about not letting you avoid curve balls.”
“Jake?”
“Um... He said if you use ‘e’ in a conversation with Maya, then she had to make you say... um...”
“Go on Jake,” encouraged Zac. “It’s important...”
“Do I have to say the e word in front of Maya?”
“No... You don’t have to do anything. But I really need you to repeat what Dave said verbatim...”
“You need me to repeat what Dave said?” ask Jake, with a pained expression.
“Yes. In case I misheard him.”
“Oh, alright... Dave said if you use ‘e’ in the middle of a conversation with Maya, then she had to make you say ‘erection’. And if she asked you what an erection feels like... you weren’t allowed to fob her off and say it’s too hard to explain...”
Zac chewed thoughtfully on his thumbnail.
“Zac... You look shaken,” observed Jake.
“But it’s not because you’re scared of me doing what Dave told me to do is it?” probed Maya.
“I didn’t mishear Dave,” said Zac softly. “What he said was almost identical to what Hope said to me in her VW... Except Hope and I were alone in her car when we had that conversation. Last time when I was home in Alaska.”
“You’re saying your sister told Dave about her conversation with you? How? Where? Why?”
“No idea. She hasn’t been to Australia. She’s never left Alaska. I can’t work out where they could have met in the last month. And Dave doesn’t strike me as someone who’d participate in on-line chat forums about sex, even if Hope was crazy enough to ask questions like that over the internet...”
“That’s... freaky!”
“I think it’s Dave’s way of secretly telling me to come back to W.A.”
“Why secretly? Is Dad holding out on us?”
“No idea. But it’s like Dave deliberately dropped Hope’s name and snippets of private information into the conversation to get my attention.”
“Now that you mention it, do you know what else is whacky?” added Maya. “What’s Frank doing hanging out with Dave and Gordon anyway? He’s never met them before to my knowledge. And he hardly ever leaves his desk. Day or night.”
“None of it makes any sense,” mused Zac. “The question is, what can we do about it?”
Ω
A reflective silence.
“So why are we lazing around enjoying these absolutely amazing hot springs pretending to study thermo-geophysical formations?” shrugged Jake. “Let’s get home to the heat and flies and get to the bottom of this mystery!”
Zac chuckled and shook his head.
“Jake... we’re in the heart of Yellowstone Park mate. There are only two ways out. By chopper or the hike trail. I can only call in the chopper in a medical emergency. And the hike trail will take us another week to get out.”
“When I got changed into my bathers yesterday arvo I saw a signpost to something-or-rather Pass. It pointed to a narrow path off the main hiking trail. Maybe it’s a shorter route out of the Park.”
Zac looked reflective.
“Yeah, coincidentally we are close to the Pass, but that route out is absolutely out of the question.”
“Why?” asked Maya.
“Have a look at my map and tell me if you can work out why.”
Maya got out of the water and rummaged for Zac’s map. She plonked herself down and studied it for a long moment.
“We’re about here, so... yes... here’s the place. It’s called Farliga Pass. It looks like it’d take about two days to complete the trek... And it leads right up to the top of the canyon. To another place with the flying wings symbol.”
“Ah ha. Now read the fine print about Farliga Pass,” coaxed Zac. “Under the words WARNING.”
“WARNING: Farliga Pass is a military training trek and is not intended for public use.”
“Sounds like a polite way of saying KEEP OUT CIVILIANS,” murmured Jake.
“It doesn’t say ‘Keep Out.’ It just says ‘Not intended for our use.’”
Raised eyebrows.
“Maya. Farliga is the Swedish word for dangerous. Do you think that might have something to do with why it’s not intended for public use?”
“They probably gave it a name like that because they want to keep some extra-special hot springs to themselves.”
Zac drew a deep breath.
“Maya - don’t take this the wrong way, but we can’t take Farliga Pass. It’s for training Special Armed Forces commandos. As in the real commandos. Not your weekend Army Reserves.”
“So?”
“So survival rule number one is only attempt what the weakest member of your party is capable of doing. And there are parts of that military trek I wouldn’t even attempt alone.”
“But you won’t be alone Zac. You’ll be with us,” argued Jake.
“Jake... Are you insane? Your father will kill me if I take you on that trek! The bridge crossing the chasm isn’t a bridge for one thing. It’s three steel reinforced ropes. You hang onto the top rope, hook your legs between the middle and step along the bottom one.”
“You mean like the climbing ropes they have in kids’ playgrounds? Easy peasy!”
“I can handle rope bridges too. I crossed one in Tibet!” added Maya brightly.
“Maya... Jake. Listen both of you! Most of the trek is uphill. And you need to vertically climb up sections of the Pass. And we’ve only got light duty gloves. And one safety harness and one climbing rope between us.”
“So? It just means we have to think a little more carefully about how to share the gear we have. Besides, just because the commandoes do Farliga Pass in two days, it doesn’t mean we have to. We can take three days. Or even four. It’d still be quicker than another week on the hiking trail.”
Zac sighed noisily.
“Guys... I’ll be honest. I’ve got a gut feeling that something’s wrong with Hope... and I suspect Gordon and Dave are holding out on us. But I’ve never taken any of my teams on Farliga Pass. Not even my fittest team.”
“You mean Brendan, Dale and Pete haven’t been on the Pass?” asked Maya.
“No.”
“Great! We’ll be able to skite next time we see them!”
“Stop it!” groaned Zac. “I’m trying to get across to you both how ludicrous the idea is. I haven’t even completed the whole trek myself... I was too chicken!”
“That does it! We’re definitely trying it!” grinned Jake.
“What?!”
“Because Farliga Pass will give you the opportunity to practice what you’ve been telling me since the day you met me...  Have a shot at doing the thing you fear - and keep at it until you’re not afraid of doing it anymore...”


Chapter 6

I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with 
sense, reason and intellect has intended us to forego their use.
-Galileo Galilei

Maya and Jake hi-fived each.
“Thunderbirds are go!” they shouted in unison.
Zac eye-rolled.
“I can’t believe you two have talked me into this! I’m not usually such a push-over. In fact the rest of the Australian team wouldn’t even dare challenge my say on the matter... You realise when Gordon hears about this, I’m gonna have to plea insanity!”
“What’s so insane about trying something hard?” retorted Jake. “The other day you used that example of Whyatt Roy - you reminded me his tenacity helped him win a seat in the Australian senate when he was only 20, remember?”
“And ever since you dropped me from the chopper you’ve been encouraging me to be adventurous - like Amelia Earhart and Jessica Watson,” added Maya.
“...and determined like Abby Sunderland!” supplemented Jake. “Like if a girl of 16 can attempt to sail solo around the world, the three of us should be able to attempt a two day trek through a bit of bush.”
“Abby needed rescuing,” replied Zac, rubbing his creased brow. “And I’m worried we might need rescuing too... Jake - did you answer all those questions on the health form for the Young Geoscientists Workshop honestly?”
“Yeah. I haven’t got back ache or sore legs or anything. I’m just not very coordinated.”
“You don’t need to be co-ordinated for this trek. Just agile. Which you are.”
“So you think I’m the weakest member of the team then?” asked Maya hotly.
“I didn’t say that Maya... I’m just trying to make the right decision.”
Zac ran his hand through his hair.
“I know my own physical and mental limitations... I have a fair idea of Jake’s. But I hardly know you...” 
“So? Ask away until you know me.”
“It’s not that simple Maya.”
“Yes it is... Question from Zac!” chirped Maya, holding an imaginary microphone to his mouth. “Maya, can you mentally handle the trek? Answer from Maya... Yes, Zac, I can handle it providing there aren’t any caves. Or any E/M weapons that generate earthquakes that cave in caves.”
Zac chuckled.
“There are some caves, but we don’t have to go anywhere near them.”
“Then you know my mental limitations... I haven’t got any other secret phobias Zac. I promise...”
Zac looked past Maya in the direction of the Pass.
“Have you got any pain at the moment, from the trip so far?  Blisters, bruises, sprains...”
“None that are bothering me.”
“Are you tired because of the trip so far?”
“Are you kidding? I use more energy going shopping!”
Zac and Jake laughed.
“You’ve travelled a lot Maya... Have you ever had Ross River Virus? Lyme’s disease? Malaria? Anything that might flare up from exertion and leave you weak?”
“Not that I know of.”
“Have you got any old injuries that are likely to play up?”
“Old injuries?”
“Maya. You’re 27.”
“So are you!”
“Answer the question.”
“No I haven’t got any old injuries... Or any current injuries... Or any pain in the neck, legs, hips, joints, back, feet or shoulders.  Come on Zac. Let’s make tracks.”
“Not so fast...”
Zac cleared his throat softly.
“Are you menstruating Maya?”
Maya’s eyes danced in amusement.
“You’re blushing Zac!”
“Answer the question Maya. Have you got your periods?”
Maya laughed.
“Dave would be proud of you asking a woman such a personal question! I must tell him you asked it when we get back.”
“Maya you’re not making this easy.”
“I know!” giggled Maya mischievously.
“I don’t understand Zac. Why do you want to know if she’s got her monthlies?”
“Because girls lose iron during that time of the month, and if their overall iron levels are too low, even mild exertion can leave them short of breath and weak. They’re also more prone to muscle cramps and pain at that time of the month. And often more emotional due to hormonal fluctuations. And some get headaches, backaches, stomach aches or low grade fevers. And then there are the rarer but more serious complications associated with tampon use. Like toxic shock syndrome and cysts which make even just walking painful.”
“Far out... It doesn’t sound like much fun being a woman at that time of the month. I just thought girls lost a bit of blood. If a girl ever tells me she’s got her monthlies I’m going to be sympathetic.”
“Hey - don’t get me wrong. Girls can still be active when they have their periods. But Farliga Pass is mega-active. And even fit people describe it as strenuous.”
“Well while you two discuss womanhood like it’s a medical disorder, I might go find myself a lonely bush. In case there are even less bushes on Farliga Pass...”

We are not human beings on a spiritual journey. 
We are spiritual beings on a human journey.
-Stephen Covey

Ryan looked up from the surveillance equipment as John Cunningham walked into the ops centre.
“Sir... A party of three civilians has entered the Pass.”
“Probably just misread their maps and strayed off the public trail. Disregard the intrusion.”
“Begging your pardon Sir, but I believe they’re intentionally taking the Pass trek.”
“Why’s that?”
“Because I’ve recently finished my Officer training at the Academy.”
John Cunningham curbed his desire to laugh.
“Congratulations Captain. Although around here we don’t generally address each other by rank for reasons which will probably become clear to you. Coming back to your statement about their intent, let me rephrase the question. What evidence suggests they may be deliberately taking the Pass?”
“About an hour ago the scanner picked up a H.F transmission on 5360. The conversation was between six people. Three at a base. Three mobile here in the park.”
“5360? That’s an Australian RFDS frequency isn’t it.”
“Affirmative Sir.”
“Were the speakers Australian?”
“Three were definitely Aussies. The other accents were American and Aussie American.”
“What were they chatting about?”
“The conversation seemed neutral. The woman was complaining about the trail being hard and the team leader making her do additional push-ups. And the young man was doing his share of complaining as well. Although the team leader didn’t seem too perturbed by any of their complaints.”
“And now he’s decided to give them a taste of a much more difficult route? Interesting strategy. Anything else?”
“Yes Sir. Someone from the group triggered a low powered 121.5 Mhz beacon about ten minutes ago.”
“As a marker? Now that is curious. Do you have a fear of heights Captain?”
“No Sir.”
“Good. Let’s winch ourselves down on the platform and see what they’ve left behind, eh?”
Ω
“Hey check out this strange shadow on the cliff-face in my photo!” exclaimed Jake. “It looks like two men sitting on one of those platforms that they use to get materials up when they’re building skyscrapers.”
Zac looked at the image in Jake’s camera, then slowly surveyed the area with keen eyes.
“I agree it does look like a builders’ platform. But there’s no sign of anyone around. Or any winch cables. It must be a trick of the light.”
“Maybe your camera’s fed up of taking photos Jake. How many have you taken now?”
“808,” smiled Jake. 
Maya laughed and leaned over Jake’s shoulder to look at the image.
“Freaky. It really does look like two people’s heads. I know. Maybe it’s Zac’s protective angel Jireh - with an offsider. Dropping down so they can follow us up the Pass.”
“Well I’m glad we have their protective company if it is,” retorted Zac. “We’ve got a tough couple of days ahead of us...”
Ω
Ryan walked over to the skeleton dressed in an airman’s uniform and picked up the tiny object which had been left in the flight goggles.
“It looks like the signal’s coming from this Sir.”
“A traceable locator button. Intentionally left in Skully...”
“This thing’s got a name?”
“Skully’s flying goggles are a drop off point here in the Park for messages between units... Although that’s not common knowledge,” said John reflectively.
“So you think it’s to tell someone that they’ve digressed off their planned route?”
“That’s how I’d interpret it.”
“There’s some tiny words engraved on the button in French. Except I don’t know enough French to understand what it means.”
John held the button at a distance so he could focus on the letters.
“Le Potier sait l’argile... Hmmm... interesting.”
“Do you know what it says Sir?”
“It translates roughly as, The Potter knows the clay... Sounds like some type of team motto. Let’s get back up topsides and you can run a search on it for me, eh?”
Ω
Jake slowed down to snail’s pace and snapped another series of panoramic photos.
“How many photos is that now?” ragged Maya.
“I’ve only taken about twenty since we passed Airman Skully... I just have to take photos of this though. It’s so...”
Jake stopped mid-sentence.
“I want to believe you Zac, but I’m still struggling with the idea that this could have formed in a short span of time... This whole gorge is just so ancient looking... I mean it looks millions of years old...”
“Fair enough... Read out what your guidebook says about this section of the Park...”
“Okay... It says, The mineral content of the layers remains the same over a kilometre of vertical height...”
“Stop right there... Think logically about what you just read... the mineral content of the topsoil under our feet would have to be different to the mineral content of the soil during the most recent ice age in the 14th Century, and it’s also most likely different to the soil deposits before the ice age, agreed?”
“Yes - because the vegetation that thrived when the climate was warm between 900AD and 1200AD might not have germinated during the ice age which followed in 1300AD... And a different distribution of species or even different species are probably growing here now than those that grew before the last ice age.”
“Right... So if the mineral content of all the layers we see in this kilometre high rock is the same, what does that suggest to you as a geophysicist?”
A flicker of realization on Jake’s face.
“Well - it implies a similar temperature and similar vegetation growing when all those layers were laid... And that implies a short time frame... hundreds or at max thousands of years... but not millions,” said Jake reflectively.
Ω
Ryan handed the printout to John.
“Sir... The results of the search on the personal locator beacon motto. Sorry it took me a while to get back to you. I had to get through about ten levels of protection codes.”
John’s eyes flickered with interest.
“Hmmm... Specialized scientific research unit with fifteen teams worldwide... Headed by Professor Gordon Macca... Department of Geophysics, University of California...” 
John paused and looked amused. 
“... Military status - classified...” he continued reading aloud. “...Team leader Professor Zachariah Canney... Traditional name - Ataniq... Hmmm... interesting... Preferred name - Zac... Military status Cat 1 P & P...” 
Raised eyebrows and a drawn out whistle from John. 
“...The unit investigate the misuse of E/M weapons in triggering natural disasters and suspected incidents of geophysical warfare which threaten national security and the free world...”
John looked thoughtful. 
“Hmmm... Very interesting young people... Grant them full clearance...”
Ω
“Check out the layers in the canyon... I guess you don’t think they took millions of years to form either - like I’ve been taught, right?”
Zac laughed.
“You’re free to disagree Jake. But since fellow geophysicists have observed layered canyons form rapidly at other smaller eruptions like St Helens, it should at least make you question what you’ve been taught, because what you’ve been taught is based on assumptions not observations. For instance at Mt St Helens, geologists observed thick beds of ash deposited in less than an hour and these deposits displayed fine laminations, so this observation disproved the theory that long periods of time were needed to form fine layers. We also know that at Mt St Helens, rocks with visible fine layering were also produced within hours by surging flows of water and mud from the crater of the volcano. If you examine the layers closely, under those June 12 layers are the air-fallen debris from the nine hour eruption on May 18, 1980. And over them is another layer due to the March 19, 1982 mudflow deposit.”
“In other words, layering that scientists would normally say took millions of years to happen has been observed to happen over a very short period of time,” mused Jake.
“Ah ha... And the canyons which contain small streams didn’t take eons to form either. One particular canyon which formed after the eruption of Mt St Helens has been nicknamed the ‘Little Grand Canyon,’ It’s about 100 feet deep and about 1/40th the size of the Grand Canyon. But we know it formed in just one day after a mud-flow.”
“One day?” echoed Maya.
“Yep. No canyon there one day; next day it’s there. Then the newly formed river started flowing through it. The important point is, the eruption that formed that canyon was a small, localized event as volcanoes go. And if a mediocre eruption like Mt St Helens can create a 25 ft high wall of rock and a canyon overnight, what could have happened all over the world during some of the more spectacular volcanic explosions? ”
“Like Tambora, Santorini and Krakatau?” murmured Jake.
“Yep... Or Huckleberry Ridge here in Yellowstone. They reckon that eruption was 2,500 times greater than Mt St Helens...”
“Rad!” breathed Jake.
Zac laughed warmly.
“Radioactive dating of rock that formed in the 1980 St Helens eruption has given “ages” of thousands - even millions of years. We know that age is wrong though, because we were there and saw the rocks form...Which implies the fundamental assumptions behind radioactive-dating are wrong too.”
Jake chewed on a thumbnail pensively.
“So all this sedimentary rock around us could have actually formed quickly,” he mused. “Like it did at Mt St Helens.”
Ω
“Sir... About the research scientists. Do you think they’re on a training exercise?” ventured Ryan.
“No... And I don’t think they’re lost now either,” replied John, lowering his binoculars.
“What action should we take Sir?”
“Keep the party under surveillance in and around your planned activities... Actually, get Charlie to show you how to use the facial recognition programme. I’m interested to know if Professor Canney is in the party...”
“Anything else Sir?”
“Yes... Organise a roster to monitor and record all further communication on 5360. I want a transcript of every conversation. Even if it sounds innocuous...”
“Yes Sir.”
A pause.
“Begging your pardon Sir, may I ask why we’re putting the party under surveillance if you don’t consider them to be a threat?”
“Because the person who left this behind didn’t manually select the 406 Mhz beacon to initiate a search and rescue.”
“Maybe he just doesn’t know how to use it.”
“Possibly. But this particular tri-frequency duress beacon is not available to the general public. So it’s reasonable to assume any civilian with one in their possession has a knowledge of how to use it.”
“So why did he intentionally trigger the weakest signal?”
“At a guess I’d say he knows we’re based in the area and he’s covertly requesting that we keep an eye on his team’s progress.”
“In case they need help?”
“Well, it’s something I’d do if I wasn’t confident my team could make it through Farliga Pass.”
“Why’s he taking them through Farliga Pass if he’s not confident his team can make it?”
“That’s a very good question Captain... I suspect in due course we’ll find out the answer to it... You see what else you can find out about them... I’ll go rustle up Charlie for you.”
Ω
“So you think some of the natural rock formations on earth might have been formed by Noah’s flood?” confirmed Maya.
“I believe they were. Because if a small, localized flood due to a small eruption at Mt St Helens can form a canyon 1/40 the size of the Grand Canyon in a day - what could a worldwide flood which lasted more than a year achieve?”
“A year? But I thought it just rained for forty days.”
“It rained forty days and nights. But everyone was on the ark for another 11 months while the flood waters subsided. During which time some major catastrophic geophysical events would have been happening worldwide around them. Petrified forests often contain a mixture of trees that grow in widely different ecological zones and geographical locations today, which is further evidence of the global nature of the Flood.”
“And that fits in with the evidence I found back at the hot springs... because if sediment layers are wet with volcanic or mineral laden floodwaters, they could become quickly petrified. Like the aircraft prop.”
“Actually I’ve got photos of other examples of quick forming rock if you’re interested...”
“We’re interested!” piped up Jake and Maya in unison.
Zac laughed and brought them up on his phone.
“See - this is a roll of No 8 fencing wire that became encased in sandstone in 20 years - it was on a farm up in the Coral Coast region of Western Australia... And these petrified bags of flour were normal flour when this flour mill closed down in Arkansas 1903... And these stone hats and clothes were formed when Mt Tarawera erupted about 150 years ago. And see these keys with the plastic tag and the dinky car? They’re obviously modern items, but they’re already semi encased in stone.”
“Boy - a field trip with you is an eye-opening experience!” laughed Jake. “None of my lecturers ever mentioned quick-forming rock in my course.”
Zac nodded.
“Eyewitness accounts which don’t fit the popular opinion are often overlooked by lecturers and uni texts. But if you know what to look out for Jake, the evidence is all around you...”

Trials are medicines which our gracious and wise Physician prescribes because we need them and He proportions the frequency and weight of them to what the case requires. 
Let us trust His skill and thank Him for His prescription. 
-Sir Isaac Newton.

“How are they holding up Charlie?” asked John.
“The weaker members of the party are both obviously feeling it. Young Zac’s opting to allow them to stop whenever they want to. They’re making reasonable time though. Even with double the stops we’d make.”
“I found out what P & P means Sir,” added Ryan.
“You did? What’s it mean?”asked John.
“Prepare and Protect. It’s an obsolete classification, used to say someone was training to be a Navajo codetalker during the war.”
John nodded. Charlie’s eyes twinkled.
“Who’s got a P & P classification anyway?” asked Charlie casually.
“The Professor,” replied Ryan. “He has something called a Cat 1 P & P status.”
Charlie’s eyebrows flickered with interest. John smiled faintly.
“Although it doesn’t make sense,” continued Ryan. “I mean, he’s from Alaska so it’s unlikely he’s a Navajo codetalker. Besides the codetalkers must all be old timers by now.”
Charlie went to reply. John shook his head almost imperceptibly and casually peered through the telescopic sight.
“Hmmm... Our Alaskan friend’s physique suggests he’s capable of making the trek, although he’s got quite a sweat-up... Hello. He just took some cans out of one of their packs and put them in his own...”
“He’s done that several times already,” interposed Ryan. “Every time they leave their packs unattended he secretly takes weight out of them and puts it in his own pack.”
“Is that right? How many times have you seen him do that?”
“Four or five,” replied Ryan.
“That explains why he’s got a sweat-up...” murmured Charlie.
“It’s only a few extra tins,” shrugged Ryan.
John raised his eyebrows.
“Tell me Captain... Under what circumstances would you clandestinely take the weight out of the packs of your other team members and carry it yourself up a 70 degree incline?”
“I guess if someone was injured... Or possibly if I was pressed for time.”
“I’d go with ‘pressed for time’. It looks to me that they need to get out of the park in a hurry so they’ve decided to take our Pass as a shortcut.”
“Should we intercept them and tell them the Pass is too difficult for untrained civilians?”
“Not yet. They don’t appear to be too distressed... But if anything happens which warrants our intervention, let me know immediately.”
John eyed Charlie silently. Charlie acknowledged him with return eye-contact.
“Yes Sir,” replied Ryan, oblivious of the communication between the other two men.
Ω
“Maya, you’re favouring one leg. Have you pulled a muscle?” probed Zac.
“Nah... I’m just a bit tired... Actually I might just visit the great outdoor dunny since we’ve stopped.”
Jake waited until Maya had walked off.
“I didn’t know girls go to the toilet so much when they exercise heavily,” he whispered. “That’s the fifth time she’s had to go and I haven’t even needed to go once.”
Zac’s eyes danced.
“I haven’t been counting, but now that you mention it, it does seem a little excessive. Perhaps it’s her way of catching her breath in private...”
“Do you think she can hear us?” 
“No. She walked off a fair distance. Why?”
“I didn’t want to say anything in front of her, but my legs are sore. On the inside bit.”
“Near your jocks?”
Jake nodded awkwardly.
“And the sore is spreading down.”
“Sounds like your jeans have chafed your inner thighs a bit. Have you got any lighter weight pants similar to what I’m wearing?”
“Just my PJ’s. But I’m not wearing them around Maya.”
Zac laughed and rummaged through his pack and produced a tin of antiseptic powder.
“Try dusting some of this on the inside of your thighs. It absorbs sweat and helps prevent prickly heat and friction burns.”
“Thanks... Um. I’ll think I’ll go hide somewhere to do this...”
“Take your time. There’s about another mile of this scrambling uphill stuff and then it plateaus out for a bit. We’ll stop on the flat for lunch...”
Ω
“Mad Max is on final,” said Jed casually.
“Is someone arriving?” asked Ryan.
“Yes. We have two men joining us for a short term stay. One is a deskie who’d like to participate in your R & R fitness programme during his leave. The other has just come back from an overseas assignment and needs to recharge, but will probably participate as well. And of course we’ll all participate in your programme and be part of your surveillance roster as well.”
“But Sir... It’s a violation of Section 4 for a lower ranking officer to tell a higher ranking officer what to do.”
“Is that right? What’s my exact rank Captain?”
“I’m not sure Sir.”
“So how do you know he’s a higher rank than you?” joked Rod.
Ryan looked confused.
“Hey Captain. I’m an airman!” piped up Charlie.
“No you’re not,” frowned Ryan.
“Prove I’m not!” retorted Charlie.
“And I’m a cadet!” chirped Jed.
“You can’t possibly be a cadet... They don’t let blokes your age be cadets.”
“Are you calling me old, son?”
Ryan shook his head violently.
“No Sir.”
Smiles from the older men.
“And I’m an airman too!” piped up Rod.
“Yeah right.”
Rod grinned cheekily.
Ryan drew a deep breath and glanced at John.
“So what would you like to be, Sir?” he asked in a smoothly patient tone.
“I think I’ll be a four star General!” grinned John.
“That’s delusional!”
Raucous laughter.
“...and it’s in direct violation of Section 4 - Article 3. You absolutely can’t say you’re a higher rank than you are!”
“Is that right? Hear that boys! The Captain says, I’m not allowed to be a Lieutenant General!”
Everyone doubled over with laughter.
“All right then. I’ll be an airman basic then... Unless something crops up, which prevents that. Then I’ll be a Lieutenant General again.”
Ryan rolled his eyes.
“What type of something might crop up around here? This is just a boring Airforce rest-camp.”
Faint smiles all round.
“Come along Captain. I’ll show you how to access the templates so you can draw up a surveillance roster for Cadet Jed and Airmen Charlie, Rod and John...”
Ω
Paul Riley glanced down at the doll-house sized buildings beneath them.
“Well here goes nothing,” he said, nervously repositioning his glasses.
Mike Gregory glanced briefly at Paul.
“First time here?” 
“Yes. I’m really looking forward to it. I’m on holidays...”
Silence.
“Have you been here before?”
“No.”
“Are you on holidays too?”
Mike drew a deep breath.
“Nah. I’ve been ordered to come here.”
“Well I guess getting ordered to come here is better than getting ordered to do guard duty. Or clean dunnies.”
Mike smiled faintly. Paul extended his hand.
“My name’s Paul. I’m a First Sergeant. In admin at Malmstrom.”
“Mike. Major. Ex-Afghanistan.”
Paul’s jaw dropped.
“You’re a Major? Er... Sorry I didn’t salute you earlier Sir. I didn’t realize...”
“Not to worry. You been in a chopper before?”
“No Sir.”
“Thought as much. You clouted your head when you got in.”
“Don’t clout it when you get out!” added Mad Max, as he set the chopper down in a faultless landing.

We tell lies when we are afraid... afraid of what we don't know, 
afraid of what others will think, afraid of what will be found out about us. 
But every time we tell a lie, the thing that we fear grows stronger.  
-Tad Williams

“What were you doing in my pack?” growled Maya hotly.
Zac startled and looked up at Maya, his heart beating wildly.
“I was pulling out some canned food from your pack. For lunch.”
“I don’t need my pack lightened! I can carry the load you gave me this morning!” protested Maya.
“I didn’t say you couldn’t carry the load,” replied Zac carefully. “I just felt like braised steak and onions for lunch. And those cans were stashed in your pack.”
Silence.
“You saw what was in the plastic bag didn’t you?”
“I didn’t intentionally invade your privacy Maya... But yes, I saw.”
Maya looked away. Fragile.
Zac set about wordlessly heating the canned food. Jake rejoined them.
Silence. Jake eyed them both curiously.
“Hey... I’m not very cluey when it comes to interpersonal stuff, but even I can tell if I gave you both pistols at ten paces there’d be a bloodbath.”
Maya’s pursed lips trembled slightly.
“Will one of you tell me who made who mad first when I was off taking photos of the gorge?”
“I accidentally found something in Maya’s pack. In her dirty clothes bag. When I was looking for the braised steak and onions.”
“And that made her mad?”
“No, it made me mad.”
“Do you know why it made him mad Maya?”
“I’m the one who should be mad!” fumed Maya. “He invaded my privacy!”
Zac rubbed his wrinkled brow and pushed away his exhaustion.
“Maya. I made the wrong decision about attempting Farliga Pass, because you lied to me.”
“I didn’t lie to you. I just avoided your question!”
“Maya. A lie of omission is a lie. And now I don’t have a clue whether to turn back or keep pressing forward...”
Silence. Maya sighed noisily.
“Alright. I’m sorry I lied to you. But I honestly thought you were making a big deal out of nothing. I don’t normally have any of those side effects when I’ve got my periods.”
Jake turned scarlet.
“Sorry you’ve got dragged into this conversation mate,” said Zac apologetically. “You can hi-tail out of earshot if you want to.”
Jake made embarrassed eye-contact with Zac.
“Is it a lie of omission if you don’t tell someone something that you’ve found out about someone else?”
“That’s more like an accessory to the fact.”
“Then you’d better growl at me as well as Maya.”
“You knew she had her periods?”
“I didn’t know when we started out. But I saw the thingie she left half buried in the ground back where we stopped for morning tea. I didn’t realize what it was at first. Until I examined it more closely...”
“You deliberately looked at it?” asked Maya indignantly.
“I pulled it apart with sticks. Did you know there are four different layers in one?”
“Gross Jake!”
“It wasn’t gross Maya. It was really interesting. I’ve never pulled apart one before. Have you Zac?”
Zac hid his smile behind his palm.
“I’ve mucked around with them a few times over the years.”
“Did you get yelled at by some girl when you did?”
“I remember Mum growled at me one time for trying the absorbency test on one. But I think the real reason was I got growled at was because I used up half a bottle of tomato sauce.”
“You used tomato sauce?” echoed Maya in disbelief.
“I was a kid!” grinned Zac.
Maya doubled over with laughter.
“You’re both gross!”
“And you’re both smiling again. So let’s keep it that way. Come on Zac. We’ve covered a quarter of the distance if your map’s right. There’s no point turning back now. Even if Maya told a lie of omission and I was an accessory to the fact.”
Zac rubbed the back of his neck with his fingertips.
“Jake we’ve only done the easiest leg of the trip so far, and you’re both already worse for wear. And now I’m really concerned that we’ve bitten off more than we can chew.”
Jake and Maya exchanged glances.
“Truth time Maya. Absolutely no lies of any sort. How are you really feeling physically now I know you have your periods?”
Maya moistened her lips.
“Well I’ve got a dull ache on the left side of my groin which I don’t normally have... But other than that I feel fine Zac.”
“Are you losing more menstrual fluid than normal?”
“Well I’m using more tampons than usual and flooding unexpectedly onto surfboards. But that’s not abnormal for me Zac When I’m active, it’s often a heavy flow day. And then the next couple of days are just a lot lighter.”
Zac exhaled noisily and looked off in the distance at the top of the Pass.
“Maybe I should call Mad Max...”
“Listen Zac... It’s really nice to know you’re concerned about me. But I know my own body - what I can and can’t handle. And I’ll let you know if there’s something going on in my body I’m worried about. I promise...”
“Alright, but I’m trusting you to keep that promise... By the way Jake, how’s the chafing around your...?”
“Sshhh!” gasped Jake, diving at Zac and clamping his hand over Zac’s mouth.
Zac lost his balance under the unexpected contact and fell backwards. Jake found himself sitting on top of Zac.
“Whoops... Sorry I got carried away play-fighting,” murmured Jake self-consciously.
Zac laughed and remained flaked out on the ground as Jake climbed off him.
“Nah... It’s great to see you coming out of your shell... Sorry I nearly slipped up in front of Maya. It seems I’m embarrassing you both today without meaning to.”
“You’re probably just tired. You look very hot and sweaty.”
“Well I think it’s time we got even with him Jake!” teased Maya.
“Okay, you have permission to get even with me.”
“This’ll be fun!”
“I dunno. Zac’s not easily embarrassed.”
“Let’s start by searching for something embarrassing in his backpack, since he did it to me! Bring it over here Jake.”
“Okay...” shrugged Jake. “Far out Zac...What have you got in here?! I can’t even lift your pack.”
Zac quickly rolled up into sitting position and eyed Jake.
“Leave it Jake. You might strain yourself. Just search through it where it is.”
“Wait Jake. Don’t take anything out... I want to see if I can lift it.”
Maya attempted to pick up the pack then shot Zac a glance of disbelief.
“I knew my pack was getting lighter! I can pick my pack up with one hand. And Jake’s with the other. You’ve been taking gear out of our packs and putting it in yours haven’t you?”
“I’ve hiked a lot Maya,” said Zac softly.
“And I’ve hiked enough to know that you’re carrying an unfair share of the load!” retorted Maya.
“I’m fit enough to carry the load Maya.”
“Show me your shoulders.”
“Maya!”
“I think you’ve embarrassed him,” observed Jake.
“Unbutton his shirt Jake.”
“You win... I’m embarrassed and you’re even, okay?”
“This is no longer about getting even with you Zac and we both know it. Take his shirt off Jake. I want to see his armpits and shoulders.”
“Maya, it’s nothing!”
“Then you don’t mind me looking at the nothing do you?”
Jake stared at Zac’s exposed arms.
“Your armpits and shoulders have got red welts and blisters. Ow! They must be as sore as my thighs. Sorer even,” said Jake sympathetically. “What should we do about this Maya?”
“Get the first aid kit out of Zac’s pack... I’m gonna dress his shoulders... While I’m doing that, pull out every can of food he’s got stashed in his pack. We’ll go through our supplies, keep all of our dehydrated rations but leave some of the heavier canned food behind. That should lighten Zac’s load by at least 30kgs for starters...”
Ω
John wandered over to join the others with Mike and Paul in tow.
“Good afternoon everyone. Meet Mike and Paul... How are our civilians doing Ryan?”
“They lightened their packs a while ago Sir. They left some of their canned food on the trail near the clearing, with a sign that says ENJOY and today’s date.”
“Hmmm... Have some men collect the food for our use. Then get ahead of them covertly and leave a supply of our food in exchange near the rope bridge. And leave some firewood as well... Judging from the height of the sun, they’re still aiming to make camp near the edge of the gorge tonight.”
“Sir. It’s a violation of regulations to supply civilians with U.S. military rations unless authorized by a superior of the rank Lieutenant Colonel or above.”
Charlie and Jed exchanged wry looks.
“Management is doing things right Captain... Leadership is doing the right things.”
“But Sir... Section 26 states...”
“Thankyou for informing me of the violation,” interrupted John.
“But Section 26, Article 2 states...”
“I will personally accept the flak for the aberration from Section 26 if there are any repercussions. That will be all for now.”
“Yes Sir.”
Eyes followed Ryan as he walked off. Mike spoke to John for the first time since he’d arrived.
“What’s with him?” he asked softly
“Fresh out of the Academy.”
“And they’ve assigned him to you, to break him in?”
“Well - one of us is gonna break... Time will tell which one of us.”
Soft laughter. Mike watched Ryan pull out his iPhone and start texting someone.
“You sure you’re not trying to break in a teenager?” he asked with raised eyebrows.
John paused.
“Well the Academy doesn’t accept anyone under 21, and he’s recently graduated as an officer after completing a two year degree...”
“In what? Inflexibility?” murmured Mike.
 John laughed warmly.
“Ya should’ve said you were acting under the orders of Lieutenant Colonel David Hopkins,” added Jed.
“Who’s he?” asked Mike.
“He was stationed here for years, alongside John.”
“Back in the olden days when you were still a twinkle in your father’s eye...” elaborated Charlie.
A flicker of a smile from Mike.
“Dave exuded leadership,” added Rod. “He rarely ordered anyone. He was just one of those blokes you couldn’t say no to. And he coaxed you into doing the hardest things as a personal challenge. Didn’t he Charlie?”
“He sure did... If anyone needs to be exposed to Dave’s mentoring it’s that wet-behind-the-ears pup...”
“There’s an idea boys!” said John breezily. “Let’s send him over to Australia. Maybe Dave can teach him to use his sixth sense!”
“Well get your Aussie mate to adjust his attitude while he’s at it,” suggested Mike.
Stifled chuckling.
“Unfortunately Dave’s retired. Wanna have a crack at adjusting his attitude for us instead Major?”
Mike cleared his throat.
“He’ll probably grow out of it.”
“I agree. But adjusting his attitude now is likely to make him a better officer in a future combat role. Don’t you agree?”
Mike’s eyes clouded and he returned to his withdrawn state without replying. Paul glanced at Mike then timidly spoke up.
“It sounds like you’re taking him on as a personal challenge, Sir.”
“We’re all taking him on as a personal challenge,” replied John. “Captain Adams just doesn’t know it yet!”
All round smiles, including Mike.
“For now though, let’s allow him to enjoy his newly-earned rank and go along with him... Go on. All of you scamper.”


Chapter 7

Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself.
When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.
-Jack Welch

Maya tiredly watched Zac arrange a bed of pine needle branches on the rocks near the fire.
“Why are you doing that?” 
“It’s bedding… If you insulate yourself from the ground with bushes or branches, you’ll stay warmer. And you’ll also have something dry to put on the fire the following morning.”
“Why are you hitting the branches on the ground?” asked Jake.
“To evict any bed bugs. Particularly ticks.”
“Ticks are dangerous?”
“They can carry Lyme’s disease. I got a bite about a year ago in similar country. Fortunately I knew what to look for.”
“What do you look for?”
“One tell-tale sign is a tick bite which clears from the middle and looks like a bulls eye... If you notice a bite like that let me know. It’s treatable with antibiotics in the early stages, but untreated it can leave you with achy joints and lots of other nasty complications.”
“Maybe we should hold the branches over the fire as well then,” suggested Jake. “To bring any bugs out of hiding.”
“Good thinking cob.”
“You’re going to a lot of trouble. We haven’t been cold the other nights,” ventured Maya.
“We’re at a higher altitude. It’s going to be much harder to stay warm tonight.”
“I’d give anything for a hot bath. I don’t suppose there’s a secluded hot spring somewhere nearby?”
“This stopover’s marked with the same symbol as the other places with the willow trees. But if there’s a secret hot spring here, it must be pretty small, because there’s only one struggling willow tree, way over there in the distance.”
“There’s not much in the way of privacy either, now we’ve taken the branches off the pine tree.”
“I’m sorry if you feel awkward.”
“I feel awkward about something else actually.”
“Is it a let’s-go-away-and-talk-in-private awkward or a wait-until-it’s-dark awkward?”
“Maybe I’ll wait until it’s dark.”
“Hmmm... That does sound awkward, coming from you,” said Zac, planting a gentle kiss on Maya’s hand.
“Gag! Mushy scene!” groaned Jake. “Wait until it’s dark!”
Zac’s laughter echoed across the canyon. Maya managed to smile.
“Come on. Let’s have dinner together and watch the sun set together. The three of us, eh?”
Ω
Twilight. Zac spread out his sleeping bag and sprawled out close to Maya. Jake settled down beside them.
“So is it dark enough to talk about that big, ominous, awkward thing yet?”
Maya hugged her knees and shivered miserably.
“I’ve changed my mind. I might talk about it tomorrow.”
“Hmmm... How do you think we should coax this secret out of her Jake?”
“My getting-secrets-out-of-girls skills aren’t very good Zac.”
“Come on. The two of us built an E/M weapon together. How hard can getting a secret out of a girl be?”
Jake looked thoughtful.
“Well, this morning Maya said Hope sounds like a woman after her own heart. Maybe you should do whatever you do to get secrets out of your sister.”
“Sounds like an excellent strategy little brother.”
Jake laughed softly.
“Should I stay?”
“Course. Why?”
“Well you said your sister talks about embarrassing stuff with you. Maybe Maya’s secret has to do with embarrassing stuff.”
Maya took a deep breath and turned her head away, her eyes glistening with tears.
“I think you hit the nail on the head Jake... Hmmm... Hope always makes me guess her secrets... The rule is you have to answer every question Maya... Let’s see... Is this embarrassing thing something to do with your body, your mind or your spirit?”
“My body,” sighed Maya.
“Okay... Is this embarrassing thing above my hand or below my hand?” said Zac, gently resting his hand on Maya’s stomach.
“Below.”
“Are you brave enough to put my hand on the place?”
“If you’re brave enough to let me.”
Zac cleared his throat softly.
“Okay... Let’s be brave together... 1,2,3...”
Jake groaned and buried his face in his hands.
Silence. Maya flinched as Zac’s fingertips explored around the area.
“Hmmm... Pretty tender, eh?”
Maya nodded but said nothing.
“Are her legs chafe like mine?” asked Jake, peering through the gate of his fingers.
“No. But the pain is in a similar region though.”
“Oh.”
Zac eyed Maya in the fading light.
“This morning... when you diverted the focus off yourself. Is this something you should have told me about?”
“It was a pre-existing condition Zac. But I didn’t mention it when you asked about pre-existing conditions because... because I was too embarrassed to mention it. And I didn’t expect it to flare up.”
“Maya... this trek is designed to show the elite soldiers who take it, what their physical, emotional and mental limitations are.  We can’t expect the trek not to expose our weaknesses as well... Including the ones we don’t want to tell our friends about.”
Maya looked around as Zac started pulling things out of his pack.
“Hey Zac. I’ve been thinking. You know that willow tree off in the distance? Maybe we should take a torch and go explore behind the branches?”
“Why?”
“Well there was a fantastic hot spring behind the other willow trees down in the bottom of the other gorge. Maybe there really is a hot spring over there near the willow tree.”
“Ah ha.”
“It’d be so nice to have a bath. Let’s go explore!” said Maya, reaching for the torch.
Zac gently grabbed her wrist and moved the torch out of reach.
“Nice try but I’m learning just how conniving women can be, thanks to Maya school.”
“What?” said Maya innocently.
“You’re trying to divert the focus off yourself again. Like you did this morning. Come on. Off with the cargo pants Maya...”

Alone we can do so little. Together we can do so much.
-Helen Keller

Maya sighed noisily. A rustle of clothing.
“That’s it. I’m outta here!” groaned Jake.
“Not so fast Jake... I need you to distract Maya while I try and do something about this.”
“But she’s taking off her pants.”
“She’s keeping her undies on Jake. And she was wearing less when we were bathing together in the hot springs this morning.”
“But I couldn’t see her legs this morning!”
“Well you can hardly see them now either. It’s practically dark.”
“But it’s embarrassing Zac!”
“Look. It’s embarrassing for all of us. Life’s just like that sometimes. Let’s all be embarrassed together and come through this together, eh?”
“I’m sorry I wasn’t transparent with you Zac. And you Jake. You both wouldn’t be embarrassed if I’d been honest.”
“Apology accepted. Hmmm... This must be very painful... What I think we need to do right now is try to help you feel more comfortable... Except I’ve only got a basic medical kit with me, so we’re gonna have to improvise.”
“W...What are you doing to me?”
“Just putting some Leucopore on the area. It contains Lignocaine. It’s the closest thing I’ve got to a local anaesthetic.”
Silence.
“It’s sticky... But it is feeling better. Thanks Zac.”
“Hang on a jiffy... I can do something else that might help too. Jake... Are you okay?”
“”S’pose.”
“Hey listen mate. Point out some star constellations to Maya and tell her all about them will you? Orion’s pretty clear at the moment...”
“Um... Maya... Orion’s that group over there... They also call it the Hunter... See that bright star that’s part of Orion - it’s called Rigel - it’s the seventh brightest star in the entire night sky... and Betelgeuse is also called the Hunter’s shoulder - its diameter is 1200 times greater than the sun... and it gives off 120,000 times as much light energy as the sun...”
“I didn’t know that... What about that yellow-reddish star? That one over there?”
“That’s called Arcturus. It’s only 20 times larger than the sun... But do you know light from Arcturus was used to trigger the opening of the Chicago Exposition in 1933?”
“How’d they manage that?”
“As the star moved in front of a carefully placed telescope, it triggered a light-sensitive switch.”
“You sure know lots of obscure facts about astronomy Jake... How about that really bright star over there? Ouch... That’s stinging Zac...”
“Sorry... You’re being very brave. What bright star were you talking about? Point it out to Jake again.”
“That one... Over there.”
“That’s not a star. It’s Jupiter!” laughed Jake. “What are you doing to her anyway Zac?”
“Sit tight mate. Nearly finished.”
“Why do you want me to sit tight?” asked Jake, wriggling over closer to Zac.
“Oh.”
Silence.
“You’ve got it stuck in her... her...”
“The medical term is labium...”
“I... I couldn’t do that.”
“I didn’t know I could until tonight, either... You never know what you can do until you try... There we go. All finished.”
“What did you do?” asked Maya, pushing herself up into sitting position.
“I drained about 20 ml of fluid out of the cyst sac. You still might need penicillin to clear up the infection but we’ll see how we go, eh?”
“The lump! I can’t even feel it now Zac. The pain’s gone. And it’s been hurting all day.”
“Hear that Jake? Maya’s gonna be able to get a comfortable sleep tonight. And you’re gonna have more courage in this area, as a result of what happened tonight. That was worth the discomfort of all-round embarrassment for five minutes wasn’t it?”
“S’pose... I might sit over there for a bit... And think.”
“Take your sleeping bag then. If you get cold it’ll be hard to get warm again...”

Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
-William James.

“Here... Try these... They’re easier on the eyes after dusk,” said John, holding out a pair of night vision binoculars.
Ryan looked surprised.
“Aren’t those the latest satellite-assisted NVGs Sir?”
“Ah ha. Go ahead and test drive them for the rest of your watch. Until 21:00 isn’t it?”
Ryan nodded and carefully took the night vision binoculars out of their case.
“Gee thanks... I’ve always wanted to try out a pair of these. I’ve read all about them!”
John smiled at his enthusiasm.
“What’s the update on our civilians anyway?”
“They’ve set up camp for the night. The team leader had the first aid out. Treating the girl for something.  She seems alright now though. They’ve just been sitting around the fire chatting... I can’t work it out actually.”
“Work out what?”
“Why he’s not coming onto her. I mean she’s good looking.”
“A leader finds credibility by being an example to the rest of his team. And that means having higher standards than the rest of his team.”
“But there’s no one to see him, except the scrawny kid.”
“You’re someone Ryan. And you’ve been watching him like a hawk all day. Assessing his integrity as a leader...”
John paused.
“A leader always leads by example - whether he intends to or not. And you never know who might be watching and learning from your example, eh?”

Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, 
but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
–Maria Robinson

Zac eased himself into reclining position by the fire. Maya returned, dressed in her PJ’s.
Silence.
“Hey come on. Let’s not get awkward around each other... Our friendship is too precious, eh?”
“I don’t know how to get past this awkwardness Zac.”
“How about a mutual foot rub? It worked last time.”
A fragile smile.
“Thanks.”
Silence. Maya drew a deep breath as Zac started rubbing her feet.
“Have you ever peeked at a girl there before?” she asked cautiously.
“I didn’t really peek. I just felt a bit. Just long enough to find the cyst and drain it.” 
“Have you ever felt a girl there before?”
“Not a grown up woman... I used to put nappy cream on Hope there. When she was a baby.”
“You mean you’ve always held the abstinence until marriage ideal?”
“Yes.”
“Even when you were a teenager?”
“Ah ha.”
“That’s rare in a guy. Especially one as sexy as you.”
Zac blushed.
“Thanks for the compliment. I’ll treasure it.”
Maya moistened her lips.
“So are you gonna ask me if I’m a virgin?”
“No. That would be invading your privacy.”
“I guess a guy that’s saved himself wouldn’t be interested a woman who hasn’t.”
Zac paused.
“I believe God’s ideal is for a couple to go into a marriage with no previous sexual experiences to mar their intimacy. But we don’t always make the right choices. And sometimes life dishes out lemons. Even when it does though, I believe we can still choose what we do with the lemons. We can choose to live in regret all our lives. Or choose to turn the lemons into lemonade.”
“And lemon meringue pie?”
“Ah ha.”
“And lemon butter if you’ve got lots of lemons?” 
Zac stopped rubbing Maya’s feet and wriggled closer to her.
“You’re crying. Are you in pain?”
“No. I’ve just never felt so unconditionally accepted and loved before... It feels so... wholesome. You’re just loving me for who I am... when you could be taking advantage of me... out here... when I’m vulnerable.”
“You’re a baby Christian Maya, so this might go over your head... But God expects unmarried Christians like us to have a Philippians  4:8 attitude towards each other...”
“What’s Philippians 4:8 say?”
Zac pulled out a Gideon New Testament and brushed his arm against Maya’s.
“It says - Whatever things are true... noble...  just... pure... lovely... of good report, if there is any virtue... anything praiseworthy... then meditate on these things...”
“So it’s saying, if you think right you behave right?”
“Exactly. Hope and I were talking about this one time actually. She used to go to youth groups to meet guys, ‘coz she felt she needed a guy to feel good about herself... But she ended up confused…One pastor talked about what not to do and Hope came home with a head full of legalistic ideas about not dressing provocatively and talking impurely. Then she went off to another youth group and it was the opposite extreme. They told the girls to dress hot and wear makeup, so it’d draw other young people to church. And they said that dating, dirty dancing and defacto relationships were acceptable.”
“I can’t blame her for being confused.”
“Dad ended up telling Hope to think with her heart. The Bible says ‘As a man thinks in his heart so is he’. And Philippians explains what to think about...”
“So it’s like your code of conduct?”
“Ah ha… Pure, honest, praiseworthy thoughts lead to pure, honest, praiseworthy actions, behaviour and dress codes.”
Silence.
Zac breathed gently on Maya’s cheek and nuzzled her.
“What are you doing?”
“Stretching my boundaries...”
“It feels different to anything I’ve ever experienced before... Romantic... But pure at the same time.”
“I learnt it off my dad... Are you dying of embarrassment over there Jake?”
“H...How’d you know I was awake, when I was pretending to be asleep?” asked Jake out of the darkness.
“When you’re really asleep you snore! Direct order. Bring your bag over here now. The mist is starting to descend. We’re gonna need to keep each other warm tonight. Whether you like it or not.”
Zac unzipped his and Maya’s sleeping bags and rejoin the zips.
“I didn’t know you can join two sleeping bags together into a double bag.”
“I learnt that off my dad too. We always joined our bags together when we went camping as a family. Dad would joke it kept away the drop bears... In you hop girl.”
Jake frowned as Zac started adding his bag.
“Hang on... You want me to sleep in the same bag as you and Maya?”
“You told your dad you were my chaperon the other day, didn’t you?”
“But she’s got her periods. Some might get on me!” protested Jake.
“What was all that you said this morning about being sympathetic towards a girl if you found out she had her periods?” retorted Maya huffily.
“It’s a bloke’s prerogative to change his mind.”
“In you get chaperon.”
“Well I’m not sleeping near her!”
“Alright. I’ll sleep in the middle. Just get in the sleeping bag before you get any colder.”
Jake wrinkled up his nose. Maya poked out her tongue in response.
“Do you two realize you’re behaving like a typical brother and sister?” chuckled Zac, climbing into the sleeping bag between them. “Now I know how my parents felt when Hope and I squabbled.”
“Well I’m glad I never had a sister!” groused Jake.
“And I’m glad I never had a brother!” retorted Maya, raising her fist and aiming for Jake.
Zac caught the clenched fist and rubbed it soothingly.
“Come on. We’ve all had a tough day. Time to get some rest.”
Ω
“I’ve just about run out of best behaviour!” griped Charlie, as he let the water trickle down his sweaty body.
“Patience Charlie!” said Rod and Jed in unison.
“Don’t you both play anger management games with me! He’s been here four days and Hannibal’s still telling us to soft pedal... Look at these pathetic privacy walls! Anyone would think he’s some delicate little sheila with breasts!”
Charlie thumped the shower wall with a clenched fist hard enough to make it shake. Someone thumped it back from the other side. The dividing partition wall between the two men collapsed. Eyes met eyes.
“Er... sorry,” murmured Mike. “The shrink reckons I’ve got anger management issues too. Although I didn’t think I hit it that hard. Where do they keep the tools around here? I’ll fix it...”
“Oh no you won’t!” grinned Charlie, leaning the pieces of partition against the wall. “Actually... that gives me an idea! Hey Jed... bash on the wall on your side mate.”
All round laughter. Charlie sobered up.
“Sorry Mike... I didn’t realize you were in here as well... I thought I was just belly-aching to Rod and Jed.”
Mike paused.
“Did I overhear something I shouldn’t have?”
“Course not. We ain’t secretive. We just encourage guests to discover the secrets around here themselves, rather than divulge them to uninterested parties.”
“Is that right? I might team up with Paul and see what other secrets we can find out between us while we’re here.”
Raucous laughter.
“So who’s Hannibal?” ventured Mike.
“It’s John’s nickname when we’re out and about.”
“Hannibal as in the A-Team? I remember watching that show when I was a kid. How’d he get the nick-name?”
Charlie grinned warmly.
“We were doing some interesting things together back when that series was first aired and the name kinda stuck.”
“And your nickname was B.A ‘coz you had the brawn and attitude, right?”
“This whipper-snapper’s worked me out already boys,” complained Charlie light-heartedly, feigning a swipe at Mike.
All round laughter.
“So you don’t normally have the privacy panels up?” pried Mike.
“Only when women and children are visiting... Or coy fellas. Like the Romanian ISRA recruits.”
“So why are the panels up then?”
“No idea. John put them up in person the day before Ryan arrived.”
“Ryan must be special then. Like the Romanian blokes...” ventured Mike.
Charlie eye-rolled.
“There’s nothing special about the Captain. He ain’t even got chest hair to hide!”
Mike looked thoughtful.
“Has he got pubic hair?”
“Dunno... Haven’t seen him starkers... He’s always wearing underwear. And a singlet and T-shirt to hide his hairless chest.”
“A singlet and a T-shirt? That’s... different. My kids are still rugrats. Any of you guys got teenagers?” called out Mike.
“I’ve got a teenage daughter,” said Jed, joining Charlie and Mike in the shower.
“And I’ve got two boys... They’re sixteen and eighteen...” added Rod, joining the others.
Mike glanced at Rod.
“You’d be the best bet I reckon... Charlie needs a break from Ryan. Is it okay with you if we swap rooms? I’ll move in with Charlie and you room in with Ryan.”
“Okay with me,” shrugged Rod. “I wonder if we should check with Hannibal about the swap though?”
“Nah... If he asks, we’ll tell him Mike has anger management issues, so we put him in with B.A. to sort him out!” chortled Jed.
Mike cleared his throat softly. Charlie draped a huge arm over Mike’s shoulders.
“Hey, Jed was only kidding!” grinned Charlie. “And John won’t mind us swapping... The only directive he dished out was for us to be well-behaved around the Captain... Hey, hang on a minute... The Captain’s not around! He’s in the ops room... and we’re in the bathroom.... Are you thinking what I’m thinking?!” said Charlie, wriggling his eyebrows expressively.
Exuberant hollering from the three men, as they started slapping each other’s derrières.
“Charlie’s turned our mourning into dancing!” sang Rod, grabbing Jed around the waist and dancing skin on skin with him. Charlie doubled over with laughter. Mike watched them all without showing any emotion.
“Come on Mike... Misbehave with us!” boomed Charlie.
Charlie tugged Mike closer and started waltzing around in the shower with him.
“I’ve got a new roommate... And he’s got pubic hair,” he sang tunelessly.
Mike tolerated Charlie’s behaviour for as long as he could, then wriggled out of his contact.
“Here. Dance with Jed instead. I’m waterlogged. I might get out now.”
Mike wrapped a towel around his torso and strode out of the bathroom. And into John’s arms.
“Gidday there Mike. You’re in a hurry,” said John, casually clapping him on the back.
“Er... Sorry... Wasn’t looking where I was going...” mumbled Mike.
A friendly smile. John intentionally stepped back out of Mike’s personal space.
“There’s quite a din in there... I was trying to strike up a conversation with Paul here and couldn’t hear myself think. What’s going on anyway?”
Mike paused.
“They don’t like yer bathroom décor... Might pay to go in there and rip down the privy walls...Then dance with ‘em butt naked ‘til they forget their disgruntlement.”
John broke into an amused grin. Paul gasped audibly.
“Mike! You can’t tell him to do that!”
“Why not?”
“’Coz he’s a g... I mean... He might be someone important...  Someone that you shouldn’t say stuff like that to!”
Paul’s shoulders sagged. Mike sank down next to Paul and adjusted his towel.
“Hey, for a fella who was excited about his holiday, you’ve gone mighty sad-sack,” ventured Mike. “What’s weighing you down anyway?”
Paul glanced at John for a millisecond then back at Mike.
“I can’t say. It’s a secret.”
“Sounds like a heavy duty secret...”
Paul rubbed his forehead with both his palms.
“It’s not one secret. It’s four. At least!”
John eyed Paul thoughtfully. He casually started undressing and piling his clothes on a chair.
“Sounds like a secretive burden,” returned Mike. “You know, they say a burden shared is a burden halved... Wanna tell me about it?”
“Yes. But I can’t!”
Mike moved closer to Paul in a gesture of support.
“Hmmm... Let’s strike up a deal... A secret for a secret... I’ll tell you a secret about Charlie... And when you’re ready, you can tell me about your secretive burden.”
“What about Charlie?” piped up John with twinkling eyes.
“This is our secret!” retorted Mike. “You go rub groins with B.A.”
John laughed and casually opened the bathroom door. The din level reduced to hear-a-pin-drop instantly. John eyed the collapsed panel with raised eyebrows as he stepped into the shower.
“Er... Mike and I had a small accident,” said Charlie repentantly.
“Well it’s about time!” grinned John. “I deliberately put up those panels without screws. Four days ago. You were s’posed to accidentally knock them down the first night Ryan showered with you... What’s got into you lot lately anyway? Karla’s anger management programme is working too well. As of now, it’s cancelled! And replaced with lark classes...”
“As of now?” asked Jed hopefully.
John laughed warmly.
“Who feels like a top to toe workout?”
“Me!” boomed Charlie.
John grinned and draped his arms around Charlie’s neck. They started slowly dancing around in a circle under the shower.
“What if the pup catches us?”
“I gave him the sat NVGs and told him to watch the civilians until 21:00 hours. I doubt he’ll leave his post...”
“You mean we’ve got a whole hour to misbehave?!”
“Yes B.A!” laughed John, intentionally pressing Charlie’s body into contact with his.
Wolf whistling and raucous laughter. Charlie and John kept dancing.
“How are things going with Mike anyway?” asked John.
“I tried dancing with him after we knocked down the panel... Except our groins accidentally brushed and I think he’s a bit worried I might be queer.”
John laughed warmly.
“Ah... that explains why he was in flight mode.”
“He was in flight mode?” echoed Charlie soberly.
“Yeah. Accidentally ran straight into my arms. So I gave him a little cuddle. Chest on chest. And noticed his ticker was in tachycardia... Actually, that’s a point... Chest on chest from me, after groin on groin from you... He might make something interesting of that.”
“Actually, I think we’ve all blown it,” mumbled Rod contritely.
“Why?”
“Jed and I were letting off steam around him too.”
“Jed, maybe... But you misbehaving, Reserved Rod? You have more moral rectitude than the rest of us put together! What’d ya do anyway?”
A silent shake of the head.
“Alright. I’ll pull rank on you. Do whatever you were doing to me General...That’s an order!”
All round laughter as Rod smacked John’s derrière and started dancing with him skin on skin.
“No wonder he fled the scene!” grinned John.
Charlie cleared his throat.
“I didn’t realize we’d overstepped the mark around Mike. I’ll go patch things up.”
“Make it another time. Mike’s mentoring Paul at the moment.”
“The deskie that’s here on holidays? What’s with him anyway?”
John looked reflective.
“Highly strung maybe. Although I’ve got a hunch it might be a bit more than that...”
Ω
“Hey Zac. Who do you think left the stew and the wood here?” asked Maya.
“Well the cans all had ration numbers on them so I’d say they were military issue.” 
“Military issue?” frowned Jake. “You mean they know we’re here?”
“Well the FREE! Enjoy! sign is a pretty strong hint that someone retrieved our cans and left us these in exchange. Either someone from the Airforce outpost we’re heading for... Or Special Forces soldiers training in the area.”
“Do the Special Forces soldiers carry real guns?”
“I’d say so. Why?”
“Am I allowed to say I’m a bit scared?”
“Course you are.”
Zac draped a fatherly arm under Jake’s neck and drew him closer.
“I remember my dad doing this to me one time when we were out camping together and I told him I felt a bit afraid.”
“Can you hug me too?” asked Maya.
“Why? Are you scared too?”
“No. I’m just jealous that you’re hugging Jake and not me.”
Zac chuckled and draped the other arm around Maya.
“Have you ever slept in a family bag like this with Dad?” ventured Jake.
“Nah. Your Dad doesn’t come out in the field much... And when he does, he usually brings creature comforts. Like a fully decked out RV.”
Jake and Maya laughed.
Silence. Zac inhaled noisily.
“Hey Zac. You’ve gone quiet. Are you worried about something?” asked Maya.
“Nah. I was just thinking... Something unusual’s happening on this hike with you two. The boundaries which previously separated work, leisure and family seem to have blurred.”
“Family are more than just DNA,” said Maya softly.
“And if this is work, I want to join the workforce fulltime!” added Jake.
All round laughter.
Silence.
“Hey Zac. How old’s Hope?”
“Nineteen.”
“So I’m not too young to be your little brother?”
“Ah ha.”
“And I’m the same age as you, so I could be your twin sister!”
“Ah ha,” yawned Zac.
“Is Hope scared of bears?”
“Only Father Bear, when he growls at her for keeping him awake. Now go to sleep. Both of you!” 
Ω
Ryan lowered the night vision binoculars and stiffened to attention as John walked into the command post.
“As you were Ryan.”
Silence.
“Nothing juicy to report eh?” smiled John.
“The girl and the younger guy are asleep. Either side of the Professor... He made a large sleeping bag out of their three bags... and they’re all in it together... And he cuddled them both to sleep. Like a... like a protective father.”
“You sound unnerved.”
Ryan made cautious eye contact.
“Have you ever come across someone that’s left a lasting impression on you?”
“Yes... Have you?”
“Maybe.”
John’s eyes twinkled with amusement.
“I’d be careful Captain. Young Zac Canney may only be a civilian, but if you keep watching him long enough, you might learn some things about leadership that the Academy didn’t teach you.”
Ryan moistened his lips.
“Should I modify my roster since they’ve settled for the night, Sir?”
“Keep monitoring the HF, but drop visual surveillance until daybreak.”
“Yes Sir.”
“See you in the morning pup,” said John informally.
Ryan nodded at John nervously, then tore out the door. John sighed faintly.
“Lord give me patience. Right NOW!” he prayed, rubbing his tired eyelids with his fingertips.


Chapter 8

Happy moments, praise God. Difficult moments, seek God.
Quiet moments, worship God. Painful moments, trust God.
Every moment, thank God.
-Unknown

I was working on my uni assignment when the jeep pulled up outside my room. I fled out the back door before the shots found their mark and slipped through a small hole in the side of the locked shed which backed onto the alley. I positioned some wood in front of the hole and peered through the gap... watched their legs pass within centimetres of me... listened to them fiddle with the rusty lock on the shed doors... I crouched motionless - tense, freak-out potential in my guts - and quietly ran the previous hour’s developments through my mind as I waited.
How had they found me when I’d been so careful?
“Okay Holy Spirit... I know I got myself in this mess. But I was sure I heard your Voice telling me to come here... I need your counsel. Crawley’s a creep. I still can’t understand why Zac told me his place was a safehouse. It’s gonna be rubble in the morning... I have nowhere to go. And if I try to leave the country I’ll have to make a transaction and then they might find me... I’m at breaking point.... I can’t contact Zac... And I don’t want to call Dad and Mum ‘coz they’ll ground me for life... There’s no way I’m going to get out of this alive, without your intervention God... Help fix this mess... In Jesus Name...”


Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize
how close they were to success when they gave up.
-Thomas Edison

“I don’t get it!” moaned Frank. “I was convinced she’d be hiding here. I know how she thinks. At least I thought I knew... The three musketeers were so close.”
“Hope, Maya and... ?”
“Rick.”
A probing glance from Dave.
“My son... I can’t lose her too... I couldn’t handle it...”
Dave filled in the blanks.
“There’s no evidence of a struggle Frank. Let’s not jump to any unfounded conclusions yet, eh?”
“But here’s safe. Why didn’t she hide here, Dave?”
“Maybe she felt if she came here, then that might put you in danger. And she wanted to protect you.”
“A teenager is protecting me... You’re protecting me... Gordon and this Zac bloke are protecting Maya because of my ineptness... You’re right. I’m just a deskie who should have stayed at his desk.”
“Some of the toughest blokes I know are pen-pushers. And in my outfit, when the going gets tough, the tough keep going deskie.”
“Keep going? But how are we going to find her now?”
“Well... we know she stopped at Southern Cross for fuel. Which means she didn’t head across the Nullarbor. And we know she’s run a background check on Tarapaca and Luan, so she’s gonna be careful... And while she’s not here, we know she’ll probably be hanging around in the area...”
“How do we know that?” frowned Frank.
“Jardín de la isla.  27th, 9 pm... Rockingham’s just down the road...” 
Frank’s countenance cleared.
“So the next step is to find out what’s happening on Garden Island on the 27th and then we might find Hope.”
“Gordon’s onto it as we speak.”
“But Garden Island’s a military base. Hope can’t just meander over there...”
“It’s not a comforting thought knowing Tarapaca and Luan intend to meander over there either,” replied Dave solemnly.
Ω
“It was Purple Paki!” screamed Mike in his sleep.
Charlie sat up in his bed and looked over in Mike’s direction. He watched him thrashing around, then strode over and interrupted his nightmare.
Mike sat bolt upright. Pale and shaking uncontrollably. Charlie ran his hands soothingly over Mike’s forehead, to reposition his sweat-plastered hair. Mike wiped his nose with his forearm and sniffed up noisily. Charlie waited until he seemed composed.
“Wanna talk about it?” asked Charlie softly.
A mute shake of the head.
Silence.
“Will you let me pray for you then?”
Mike hesitated then nodded faintly. Charlie beamed and pulled Mike to his feet. He draped his arms around Mike’s neck and started dancing around in circles with him.
“What are you doing?” murmured Mike in astonishment.
“Praying for ya!” retorted Charlie. “Psalm 30 style.”
Mike looked at Charlie blankly.
“Jesus turn Mike’s mourning into dancing!” sang Charlie. “Jesus put off Mike’s sackcloth... Fill ‘im up with peace and joy and all that stuff... and gird him up with gladness.”
Mike laughed away his acute embarrassment.
“See, it’s working already! Come on Mike. Let’s keep praying and dancing ‘til there’s no more mourning left in ya!” grinned Charlie.
Another embarrassed chuckle.
“It’s the middle of the night Charlie!”
“Nah. It’s the start of a brand new day mate,” replied Charlie joyfully. “Come on. Let’s pray some more...”
Ω
I jumped in fright as someone tapped on my door. I opened it mega cautiously.
“Good evening,” he said, catching my eye. “I thought I’d drop by.”
“Er... Hi,” I replied, surprised his English was so good.
An awkward silence.
“It’s Pedro isn’t it?”
“Yeah... You haven’t told us your name yet though.”
My body language was attack dog stiff. He read it.
“Never mind. Dutchy calls you Dochter. Suits you.”
“Doctor? No. I’m not a doctor...” I said, shaking my head. “Um... I live a private life at the moment. Reasons.”
Pedro eyed the holes the bullets had made in the door earlier that afternoon.
“Helps prevent you getting shot eh?” he put in helpfully.
An anxious cousin to a smile. I petted Missy to calm myself.
Pedro cleared his throat softly.
“Funny. Only getting around to introductions hours before we’re evicted.”
His eyes scanned my room curiously.
“You don’t look very packed.”
My lips trembled. He pretended not to notice.
“Don’t you despise him? Putting you through this unfair hardship!” I blurted out. “Smirking down on you from the vantage point of his architect-designed penthouse?”
“S’pose he needs somewhere to park his fat derrière.”
“With the money he’s stolen from us, his wallet should be obese!” I seethed.
Pedro eyed me wisely.
“He’ll turn your things into rubble unless you move them. He carries out his threats...”
Two huge tears trickled unexpectedly down my cheeks. I quickly wiped them away with shaking hands.
Dutchy joined us.
“Dochter needs our help,” said Pedro simply.
Dutchy made a sound which could have been agreement or indigestion.
“She’ll need until tomorrow to pack.”
Dutchy shook his head.
“We all move tonight. So when Crawley and his law-enforcers come tomorrow, there’s no trace of any of us...”
Ω
Zac lay propped up on his elbow. He closed the small book he was reading as Maya and Jake approached him.
“Good morning you two. I wondered where you had both got to.”
“I just got changed out of my PJ’s,” said Jake with crimson cheeks.
“So did I,” said Maya, a smile twitching in the corners of her mouth.
“Hmmm... I’d better get changed myself.”
Zac wriggled lower down into the sleeping bag.
“Why are you getting changed in there?” asked Jake.
“It’s too cold to get bare out there!” laughed Zac.
Maya stifled a giggle. Jake glared at her.
“I think I’ll change in the sleeping bag tomorrow,” sighed Jake.
“Do you always sleep in boardies instead of PJ’s Zac?” asked Maya casually.
“I do when I’m hiking. They’re more modest if I have to get up unexpectedly.”
“Next time I come camping with you I’m going through your suitcase and I’m packing one of everything you bring,” mumbled Jake.
“Are you gonna pack one of everything I bring too?” ragged Maya.
Jake’s nostrils flared momentarily. Zac eyed Jake curiously.
“There are no hard and fast rules about clothes. Decent is about the only guideline.”
“So sleeping in bras is out,” said Maya with dancing eyes.
“Er... yes.”
Jake swung a clenched fist in Maya’s direction. Maya laughed and jumped clear of Jake. Zac eyed them both as he zipped up his fleecy top.
“Are you two okay or am I picking up something that’s not there?”
“We’re okay,” said Jake and Maya in unison.

The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas
-Linus Pauling

“You look tired Zac,” said Maya over breakfast. “Don’t you sleep well close to other people?”
“No... Your company was... warm. I just lay awake for quite a while last night, trying to work out how we’ll get across this bridge today with only one harness and the rope we’ve got. I’ve thought through every possible scenario. There’s no way around it. Two of us are going to have to cross without a harness.”
“I’ll be okay without a harness,” shrugged Jake. “This bridge is just like the ones in the kids’ playgrounds. You walk along the rope like this... Or slide along on your bum like this!”
“Jake! Get back here! This is not like the kids’ playgrounds where if you accidentally fall, you land on terra firma a few feet beneath you. I don’t even know how deep that chasm is, but it makes me feel like throwing up just looking down at it.”
Maya glanced at Zac perspicaciously.
“I think we should let Jake lead this time, since he seems so confident. You go in the middle and wear the harness. And I’ll follow last.”
“I was going to offer you the harness...”
“No. I think you should wear it. You’ve got the greatest upper body strength. So if Jake or I feel like we’re going to fall we can holler and you can reach out and steady us.”
Zac moistened his lips.
“The other thing we can do is divide up the rope and loop it through the harness then attach us all to it. Except if one of us fall, there’s a possibility we all might fall.”
“Hey if we’re gonna plunge to our death, all going together doesn’t sound such a bad way to go.”
“Maya. I’m serious.”
“So am I. The Bible says, Courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway.”
Zac cracked up.
“I think you’ll find that’s a line out of a John Wayne movie, not the Bible.”
“It is? Oh, well it sounds like something Jesus would say. I mean it’s His style of leadership isn’t it?”
“Yes, you’re absolutely right. Thanks for reminding me of that Maya.”
“Come on. The sun’s up. Let’s go!” said Jake eagerly.
“Not so fast. We’ve still got to work out how to get our packs across without the right gear, before we try and get ourselves across.”
“I once saw this lady get her groceries across a rope bridge a bit like this in Tibet. She attached her basket to this gadget. It looked like a cross between a flying fox and a slingshot.”
“There’s an idea!” said Jake brightly.
Zac rubbed his chin thoughtfully.
“We could use our belts... Except we’ll need something stretchy as well...”
“Want the elastic cord out of my parka?”
“Thanks, but it’s too thin.”
Zac looked thoughtful.
“Maya, could I swipe an article of clothing from your pack? I’ll buy you a replacement item if we damage yours and it’s no longer fit for the purpose.”
“Er... sure.”
Jake fired Zac a look of disbelief as Zac rummaged through Maya’s pack.
“Tell me you’re not gonna do what I think you’re gonna do.”
Zac silenced Jake’s nascent protest with a grin.
“Hold this end for me.”
“I’m not holding it!”
“Jake. It’s a bunch of elastane copolymer fibres shaped to provide a woman comfort. It’s not gonna bite your fingers if you touch it.”
Maya burst out laughing and got out her camera.
“Actually I’ll just see what other ones she’s got in here...” continued Zac undeterred. “Here - this one looks even stretchier... The tag says lycra/nylon... Let’s compare the two... Actually I think this one might be more suitable... Feel Jake.”
“I am not feeling it Zac. Not in a zillion years.”
“Well, just hold this one at the end while I see if it stretches far enough...Whoops...”
Zac covered his mouth to hide his surprise. Maya’s laughter echoed across the canyon.
“Er...That wasn’t supposed to happen... Sorry. I’ll buy you a replacement one when we get near some half decent shops...”
“It doesn’t matter... I just got a video of that... The look of disbelief on your face! I’m gonna enter that in Australia’s Funniest Home Videos when we get back!”
“Well you’ve got to give me half the prize money if you win!” complained Jake. “I was the one who accidentally let go of it!”
“Well hold onto this one... Tightly.”
“What are you trying to do anyway?” smiled Maya.
“This...” grunted Zac. “There we go... That should work.”
“Wait... I have to get this on video too! I feel like I’m guest starring in MacGyver.”
“It looks embarrassing Zac!” groaned Jake.
“Who cares what it looks like? Providing it works. Come on... let’s see how far we can get the packs to slide along it...”
Ω
“What’s all the fuss about Charlie?” smiled John, approaching the group of grinning men.
“The civilians have been a huge source of entertainment since they woke up this morning.”
“What have they been up to?”
“Well at sun-up the girl woke up and snuck off for some private ablutions. Except the young lad chose the same place for the same purpose...”
“At the same time?”
“Ah ha.”
All round laughter.
“And then the Professor turned a pair of bras and two belts into a makeshift cradle to slide their packs across the rope bridge.”
“Hmmm... That’s a twist on the concept of a booby trap.”
Grins all round.
“Except his young offsider lost his grip on the garment on their first attempt and the bra launched itself into the air, sailed across the chasm and fluttered down just near the end of the bridge!” grinned Charlie.
“The look on his face was priceless!” chortled Jed.
“His second attempt worked well though,” said Mike. “I’ve got to hand it to him. He’s good at improvising. I’ve never come across an untrained civilian quite like him.”
John Cunningham nodded.
“It’s good to see they’re still showing ingenuity. That means they stand a fighting chance of making it across the chasm.”
Charlie frowned, his eyes focused off into the distance.
“They’d have a much better chance if we were down there, passing them the right equipment and coaxing them across like we should be.”
“I know that and you know that. We all just have to ride it out until our academy graduate realizes that... Actually, I might turn the pressure up today to move things along a bit...”
“I might pinch his flamin’ rule book and toss it off the rope bridge today to move things along a bit,” muttered Charlie.
“Patience Charlie... A gem can’t be polished without friction.”
Tense silence.
“What about a mix of both plans?” ventured Mike. “You know - make him question the rules or break the rules to put pressure on him. That might bring things to a head.”
John nodded in approval.
“Want to tag-team with us?”
“Why?”
“Because this particular lump of coal has been highly resistant to change since he arrived... Maybe you can dish out the right type of heat and pressure to bring the diamond out in him.”
“What makes you think I can?”
“I hear you have exceptional talent in the area, Mentor Mike.”
Paul looked at Mike curiously.
“Who’s spreading rumours?” asked Mike guardedly.
“Mad Son. We chat now and then.”
A frown flickered on Mike’s brow.
“General Madison’s wrong. I’m washed up.”
John nodded.
“Well feel free to join us if you change your mind...”
Mike inhaled noisily and broke off eye contact.
“Operation Diamond commencing now,” announced Charlie softly.
Everyone stopped talking and turned and looked at Ryan as he approached the group.
“Good morning Ryan.”
“Is there a reason you’re here Sir? You said you were busy.”
“I am busy. But I thought I’d take a break and enjoy a sense of camaraderie with our guests.”
“Sir, I’m aware you have taken a special interest in this team of civilians. However Section 28 recommends non-intervention where civilians have intentionally put themselves in danger, so I’ve ordered the men to just continue to observe their progress.”
“Do you want me to countermine your order?” retorted John softly.
“Sorry Sir?”
“It will weigh heavily on your conscience if the three civilians plunge to their death today attempting something they’re ill-equipped to attempt.”
“No Sir. I don’t wish you to countermine my order.”
Silence.
“Captain, please explain the reason for your decision.”
“Because Section 28, Article 5 recommends non-intervention where civilians have intentionally put themselves in danger,” repeated Ryan.
“Captain, what does the rulebook recommend you do when a team of scientists say, ‘Please watch over us - we may need your help - It’s important we get through,’ and they tell you this before they put themselves in danger?”
“So you’re saying we should have offered them assistance in violation of Section 28, Article 5, Paragraph 3, Sir?”
“How can you keep letting him do this?” blurted out Mike.
“Easy Mike,” said John gently.
“Ryan, do you know how many other civilian scientific teams have taken Farliga Pass to my knowledge?”
“How many Sir?”
“None.”
Silence. Ryan looked around the group from face to face.
“Well what are you all waiting for? You two... Watch the civilians’ progress. The rest of you, commence the advanced obstacle course!” he ordered.

If I have a thousand ideas and only one turns out to be good, I am satisfied.
-Alfred Noble

“Well, we’ve made it as far as our packs,” breathed Maya.
“You’re doing really well Maya. I’m proud of you. You too Jake.”
“I’m proud our invention helped us get the packs all the way out here. You were right Zac. It doesn’t matter what something looks like. Providing it works.”
Zac nodded tensely.
“Both hold on extra tight for a moment. I’ve just got to swing across and give our makeshift cradle another big push along... Except after I do, the bridge is going to swing wildly.”
“Why?” asked Maya.
“Newton’s third law of motion - for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. Expect side to side resonance followed by back and forth resonance after the packs have moved along. Just brace yourself on the ropes and ride it out.”
“Sounds frightening wig territory.”
“Listen, if you scream because you’re afraid, Jake or I promise we won’t make fun of you. Just promise me you’ll hang on Maya.”
“Thanks for telling me what to expect. It’s not so scary if you know what to expect.”
“Ready? 1...2...3...”
“Wow!” grinned Jake. “You just sent them flying another 300 metres Zac... One more shove like that and our packs will be across... Hey are you alright? You look wobbly.”
“I’m alright... Guys hold tight. Wrap your legs either side of the rope bridge as well.”
Zac braced himself as the anticipated wave of resonance hit them.
“Yee-hah. This is awesome fun!” grinned Jake.
“It’s a cross between a rollercoaster and an earthquake!” laughed Maya.
Silence.
“It’s stopped shaking now. Let’s go Zac.”
Silence.
“Zac... Some time today!” laughed Maya.
“I... can’t.”
“Huh?”
“The adrenaline has left me giddy. I’m too scared to move...”

All that we love deeply becomes a part of us. 
-Helen Keller

We gathered up the remnants of our lives by moonlight and packed them into a sea container on Dutchy’s truck. Tears flowed down Katja’s wrinkled cheeks. I put Missy into my car, then spontaneously hugged Katja. I smoothed her thick white hair with my fingertips and wiped away the tears from her aged eyelids. Inside I was screaming with frustration. As Heidi Cannikin, I could have created a media stir about this. Instead, all I could do was offer empathy.
“We’ll turn this around for good Katja,” I whispered. “Somehow.”
Dutchy showed no emotion. He simply exuded leadership. He reminded me of my brother. The thought of Zac caused a pang of longing. 
If only I could contact him. He’d know what to do, about General Luan. And Crawley. And everything...
Dutchy’s voice snapped me back to reality.
“Tonight we sleep on the beach. Tomorrow we regroup,” he said simply.
Ω
Maya and Jake eyed Zac with concern.
“You look pale. You’re not having us on are you?” 
Zac shook his head and fought back an overwhelming desire to cry.
“I’m sorry. Both of you. It was reckless on my part to attempt this crossing without the right gear. The truth is, I was counting on the Special Forces blokes being here to help us get across the Pass. But they didn’t show up.”
“Oh.”
“I’ve been irresponsible because I knew my own limitations but I still pushed ahead and attempted something I knew I couldn’t do. I told myself that you both felt you could do it. So all I had to do was deal with my own fear...”
Intense looks from Maya and Jake. 
“Not only that, I’m a hypocrite... because I demanded that you two let me know about your weaknesses, but I wasn’t transparent about mine, and now we’re all in danger.”
The sweaty points on Zac’s face were clearly visible.
“Stop beating yourself up Zac...” replied Maya. “You warned us you mightn’t be able to cross the bridge by yourself. Right back before we set out, remember?”
“And we encouraged you to extend yourself,” added Jake. “So now it’s up to us to help you. Like you’d help us if we were scared.”
“Guys... You don’t seem to understand. I’m too scared to move. Forward or back.”
“Well I know what you’d say to me if it was me frozen with fear right now, so I’m gonna say it to you... Come on Zac! Exchange mindsets! Dare to do the thing you fear to do and keep doing it. It’s the quickest and surest way I know of to conquer fear.”
A storm-tossed expression.
“You sound just like my father.”
“That’s because we’re family,” said Maya brightly. “Come on Zac! Let’s be brave together. 1... 2... 3...”


Chapter 9

Whether you think you can or whether you think you can’t, you’re right.
-Henry Ford 

“John. Our young friends are in trouble,” said Rod. “Young Zac’s frozen on the rope bridge. In the middle. They were all doing well until he swung out to slide their packs along further. Now he looks like he’s gonna pass out.”
John Cunningham was instantly alert. He took Rod’s binoculars and looked at Zac’s terrified features.
“Hmmm... I expected at least one of them to run into trouble there,” he said softly. “The resonance is always extra bad in the middle of the bridge.”
“Coupled with the fact that they haven’t got the right equipment to make the crossing, or an experienced support team assisting them,” seethed Charlie, glaring at Ryan.
Ryan grabbed his binoculars.
“Oh no. He’s as pale as a ghost. He’s gonna fall... Sir...We can’t just stand here and do nothing!”
John casually handed Rod back his binoculars.
“Why not? Section 28 recommends non-intervention where civilians have intentionally put themselves in danger, remember?”
Everyone sensed John’s change in tone. All eyes diverted towards him.
“But they need rescuing. We should call in the rescue chopper!” blurted out Ryan.
“By the time you arrange a rescue chopper Captain, they’ll all be dead.”
Ryan looked crestfallen.
“I stuck to the rule-book but it was the wrong decision... I should have arranged for the men to be within proximity of the bridge. So we could have assisted them. Like I overheard Charlie saying.”
“One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.”
“The girl’s moving closer to Zac to try and help him...” said Rod from behind the binoculars. “Easy girl... You’re getting your boots tangled up in your safety line... You have to gather the line up as you move along... You haven’t done a crossing like this before, have you? I can tell... Come on fellas. One of you notice what’s happening and warn her, before you all fall...”
“They’re gonna die!” wailed Ryan, cutting through Rod’s commentary.
“We’re all gonna die,” retorted John calmly. “Death and dying have become norms in an abnormal world. Our responsibility is to try and ensure no one dies prematurely.”
“I don’t understand. Why didn’t you overrule my decision not to intervene if you thought it was wrong?”
“Because you need to learn something the Academy can’t teach you Ryan. You need to learn how to trust that inner voice which tells you to make independent decisions that bend or even break the rules.”
“But disobeying the rules is insurgence.”
“On the contrary, the greatest Decision Maker in the universe bends the rules all the time. It’s the stuff miracles are made of... And it’s all the civilians have got going for them right this minute.”
“Then they’re cactus,” sighed Ryan.
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that,” countered Charlie. “When a man teams up with God, it’s an unbeatable combination.”
“How do you know they’re into God?”
“I don’t. But I saw young Zac reading a Gideon Bible this morning. Drawing strength from the Well... Sure he’s glitched, but I reckon I know a way to help him find a reserve of mettle...”
“Are you suggesting we pray for him?”
“That’s what my inner voice is telling me to do.”
John resisted the temptation to hi-five Charlie.
“I tell you what Captain, you watch in disbelief while those of us who believe in prayer, pray for them...”
The atmosphere became electric as one by one the men around Ryan formed a huddle and started praying. Mike glanced at Paul. Paul shrugged then both men joined the huddle. Ryan listened to Charlie’s tongue clicking almost inaudibly. Unnerved to the core, he peered through the binoculars again.
“Charlie! Something’s happening...” interrupted Ryan. “The younger bloke’s sat down on the rope bridge. And he’s coaxing the others to join him!”

Success is having the courage to meet failure without being defeated. 
-Wilfred Peterson

“Time for a chocolate break?” suggested Jake, draping his arms around the middle cable and swinging his legs casually.
“Jake. I can’t believe you want to eat chocolate while I feel like throwing up.”
“Sorry. I like chocolate. And I’ve been stashing this block for a special occasion. I reckon this is it. The view’s fantastic. And I don’t know if I’ll ever get to do this again, so I want to enjoy the moment to its fullest...”
Jake started casually snapping photos.
“Hey Zac. What’s your favourite thing that you do when you’re afraid?”
“I guess I like to sing.”
“Sing? Like on the Sound of Music?”
“Ah ha.”
“Well go on then. Sit down here next to me and sing!”
“Jake I’m so scared of falling I can hardly breathe! Let alone sing.”
Jake threw a silent glance at Maya. Maya carefully sat down on the rope.
“Why don’t you sit down for a bit and let Maya cuddle you then?”
“Cuddle here?!”
“Yeah. You know. Build memories you can both share for a lifetime.”
Jake took another casual photo.
“Maya’s favourite thing she does when she’s scared is cuddle someone. Or get a cuddle off someone. Maybe it’ll work for you too.”
Zac managed a faint smile.
“How do you know that secret about Maya anyway?”
“She told me when the explosion triggered the cave-in and we were trapped. She said she wished you were there to cuddle her. So I cuddled her. And let her cuddle me. And she taught me about different types of cuddles.”
“You two sound like you were enjoying yourselves, while I was outside distraught,” said Zac, inching down closer to Maya and Jake.
“Distraught was his initial reaction to my cuddle too!” chuckled Maya. “He was as stiff as a board.”
“I remember that!” laughed Jake, as he took another photo. “Funny. It feels like that happened months ago. Not just a couple of weeks ago... Actually now I think about it... it was pretty silly being scared of you. You’re not that scary. For a girl anyway.”
“I dunno. You were scared of seeing me this morning!” giggled Maya.
“You said you weren’t gonna tell him!” groaned Jake.
“Hey - if we’re all gonna plunge to our death, we might as well have a good laugh first and go out in style!” retorted Maya.
“What?” asked Zac, eyeing Maya with unfeigned curiosity.
Jake and Maya’s laughter echoed around them all.
“What did you two do to each other this time?” asked Zac, a smile twitching at the corners of his mouth.
“I’m not saying unless you promise not to tell dad.”
“Sounds embarrassing.”
“And you have to promise to put some chocolate in your gob. So you don’t rag me too much about what happened...”
“Sounds mega-embarrassing. Okay - I’ll load up my mouth up with chocolate and promise not to rag you... Much!”
Jake and Maya looked relieved as Zac put a chunk of chocolate into his mouth.
“Well... Jake woke up this morning and chose this boulder to hide behind to use as his great outdoor change-room...” 
“Except the hidey spot I chose was already occupied. By her,” sighed Jake. “I was still only half awake and picked the same place where I got changed last night. And I’d kinda stripped off my PJ bottoms and was down to my jocks before she said anything!”
Zac stifled a polite grin and stuffed more chocolate into his mouth.
“Then she yelled ‘Jake!’ and her voice sounded shocked so I looked up without thinking. ‘Coz I thought something was wrong with her.”
“Hmm-mm.”
“Then I saw her... her...bra. It was white... and lacy.”
“Most are.”
“But her body was occupying it! It looked nothing like in the junk mail catalogues Zac... When you look at the real thing it makes your heart beat really fast.”
Zac dissolved into laughter.
“You should have seen the look on his face!” giggled Maya. “He let out this holler like he’d seen a bear and scrambled into his jeans! And fled without even zipping them up!”
“I noticed you came back with burning ears Jake... Actually, now I think about it, I remember you came back giggling Maya...”
Ω
“They’re all laughing! And he’s not as pale anymore. It must be the chocolate,” murmured Ryan.
“You mean Chocolate Charlie’s praying,” said Mike reflectively.
“That too,” nodded Ryan, moistening his lips. “It was freaky what just happened Mike! They should be cactus. But they’re alive. And laughing. It has to be the prayer thing Charlie did. There’s no other explanation.”
“Sounds like more than one miracle has happened in the last five minutes,” said John softly.
Ω
“So much has happened in the last few weeks. And none of it might have happened if you hadn’t helped me find the courage to stay that first night at the geophysics workshop Zac... I’ve made new friends... discovered my Dad’s alive... built an E/M weapon... blown a UN satellite to bits... travelled to another country...”
“...and now you’re dangling over the middle of a gorge in Yellowstone Park helping me get my nerve back,” sighed Zac.
“Cool eh? I’m having so much fun building memories with you guys. Even the embarrassing ones.”
“Me too,” replied Maya, wrapping her arm around Zac and resting her head on his shoulder.
“I’ve had fun travelling the world as a photojournalist... And seen some fantastic places... But it’s always been a kind of empty lifestyle... Always on the move. Never having meaningful contact with anyone... Never taking the time to just sit close like we are now... and build memories I’m going to treasure for years...”
Zac wrapped his arm around Maya and nuzzled his nose into her cheek. Jake snapped a photo of them.
“This is an interesting place to stretch your boundaries Professor Canney,” whispered Maya.
Zac took a deep breath and started singing.

What is it about a kiss that makes me feel like this?
What is it that makes my heart beat faster when I’m in your arms?
What is it about your touch that amazes me so much?
How is it that your sweet smile can get me through the hardest mile?

“That’s the first time I’ve heard you sing... You’ve got a pretty good voice,” said Jake as he took another photo.
“Hey... the opportunity to try out an amphitheatre of this size is too good to miss,” retorted Zac.
“I’ve never heard that love song before... It’s... beautiful.”
“It’s by Stephen Curtis Chapman.  It’s called Echoes of Eden... The song’s about how special God intended love to be between a man and a woman...”
“Between us?” whispered Maya.
Zac leaned closer and brushed his lips against Maya’s cheek. Jake snapped another photo. Maya sighed with contentment.
“You’re turning me into a jelly-legged mess of boiling hormones in front of your teen prodigy, Professor Canney.”
Zac laughed freely.
“Hmmm... This is probably not the best place to turn you into a jelly-legged mess. Particularly as I’m just recovering from being a jelly-legged mess. Have you got enough photos Jake?”
“Yes. I got some interesting panoramic shots of the canyon and some great shots of us enjoying the view.”
“And the photo count is 1000, right?” interposed Maya.
“1025 actually. But there’s heaps of room left on my memory card.”
Zac chuckled.
“Come on you two. Let’s all get off this crazy military proving ground and onto something that resembles terra firma eh?”
Ω
“Rad!” yelled Ryan excitedly from behind the binoculars.
Mike fired John a questioning look. John smiled faintly.
“What’s rad?” asked Mike.
A flicker of alarm, then instant decorum. Mike gave Charlie an ‘I told you so’ look. Charlie’s eyebrows knitted together.
“Er... I mean... something’s happened.”
“What sort of something?” asked John casually.
“All three of them are moving again Sir. The woman smiled at him and now he’s smiling. It’s like he’s a new bloke. He looks like he could handle Mt Everest. I wonder why?”
John smiled at Ryan’s youthful innocence.
“There’s nothing more irresistible to a man than a woman who’s in love with him. The endorphin rush is... rad! Like oxygen to the soul...”
“What’s an endorphin rush?”
“Didn’t they teach you that at the Military Academy, Captain?” jibed Jed.
Raucous laughter. Ryan’s cheeks coloured and he looked crestfallen.
“Let’s keep it friendly fellas... What lessons can we all draw as leaders from watching our intrepid civilians these last couple of days? Charlie, start the ball rolling for us...”
“Well, watching them has reminded me that a good leader inspires people to have confidence in him, whereas a great leader inspires people to have confidence in themselves...”
“Good one. Rod?”
“Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength you can draw on. All the better if you’re in love with God...”
“Amen... Jed?”
“And loving someone deeply gives you courage... Because you desire to protect them and help them... and you’re prepared to extend yourself to protect and help them...”
“Love’s certainly an incredible motivator... Mike?”
Mike looked away. Fragile.
Silence.
John broke it.
“Mike... You wrote on your application form that you were only coming here because some Airforce shrink insisted you participate in the programme in order to get your discharge. I’ve already signed you off as having participated ... So feel free not to say anything.”
“You mean not participate?”
“That’s how things work around here.”
John handed Mike a document. Mike examined it with slightly trembling hands, then carefully put it in his pocket.
“Are you saying I can leave on the next flight out?”
“Yes... But don’t feel like you have to leave on the next flight out. Stick around for a bit and enjoy some no strings attached R & R with us first. There’s a secluded thermal spring down near the rope bridge. I thought I’d take Ryan nicky swimming there as soon as the civilians have left the area.”
Ryan shot John a look of disbelief. John ignored it.
“Where were we? That’s right... Sharing what we’ve gleaned from watching the civilians... Like to voluntarily add anything Mike?”
Mike moistened his lips.
“Um... Something happened when I was overseas... that nearly destroyed me... and when I watched the civilian leader use his initiative... and struggle to do something he obviously found difficult... then push through his fear... something went off inside me... Adversity causes some men to break and others to break records. It’s my decision to remain broken or to come out of this stronger. And I’ve reached a decision what to do... Now I just have to work out how to make it happen...”
“Keep a hold of that new goal Mike... Ryan? Anything rad to add?”
“We both know no one’s interested in what I say!” snapped Ryan.
“Well I can’t speak for the others, but I’m intensely interested in what you have to say. You’re the nation’s top Academy graduate and you represent the current generation of young enlistees the Airforce is trying to transfer their vision to. Older leaders must be far enough ahead to motivate the younger generation but still close enough to learn from them.”
“Learn from me?”
“The day I’m through learning Ryan, I’m through.”
Ryan’s lips quivered.
“Okay... I’ve learnt a good leader can coax people of average fitness into doing incredibly demanding things. And a poor leader can demoralize the most elite team... And I’ve learnt that I’m a poor leader... I wish... I wish I could turn back time...”
“What would you change?” asked Mike.
“Everything!”
Ryan clenched angry fists and went to break away from the group. Mike yanked him back and forced him to sit down in front of him.
“Physically restraining a command officer violates Section 16!” protested Ryan indignantly.
“I don’t care if it violates every damn section of your rulebook,” retorted Mike, tightening his grip on Ryan and shaking him. “You and me are alike. We both want to turn back time. But no-one gets to live life backward... Regret is an appalling waste of energy. You can’t build on it. You can only wallow in it... And you can’t move forward if your thinking’s stinking either. Whether you’re a Captain or a flippin’ four star General.”
Charlie and John exchanged secret grins. Mike got control of his anger and slowly released Ryan.
“You can’t turn back time Ryan, but you can choose to be wiser in the future... And share your experience with others so they’re wiser... And choose to listen to that inner voice next time... The one that everyone’s been attempting to teach you to recognize, so you’ll have the edge as a leader.”
Ryan cocked his head.
“The edge?”
“Yes... It keeps you alive when you’re in the thick of things... It’s like a sixth sense... It balances out rule books and procedures manuals. Sometimes even contravenes them.”
“But if the rule book’s followed like the law, there’s no confusion. Everyone knows where they stand.”
“That works at base, where life is regimented and predictable. But out in the field or in combat, when opposing spiritual forces are operating around you, your rule book won’t save your butt. What saves your butt is being able to sense the guidance of the Still Small Voice and act on it.”
“How do you know?”
Mike hesitated.
“I came back from Jalalabad a fortnight ago. While I was over there, I ordered two blokes to retrieve the body of a U.S pilot killed in action. Except the body had been booby trapped... One of the blokes from my outfit lost his arms and the other’s gonna be disfigured for life because they obeyed my orders... What made it worse was, immediately before I gave the order, I had this gut feeling that I should lasso the dead pilot’s body and drag it towards us rather than physically retrieve it.”
“Why didn’t you?”
“I had external pressure from a deskie back at base camp. He’d called twice, demanding to know why my patrol wasn’t back for crib. He kept raving on about my outfit’s rights to R & R... My commonsense told me not to feel pressurized by him. We still had plenty of light before nightfall and no one was saying they were tired...”
Mike wiped the corners of his eyes with his fingertips.
“It would’ve taken me five extra lousy minutes to make a lasso... And two blokes would probably still have whole bodies if I’d followed my gut feeling... But instead I listened to that rookie officer spouting off about violating some ordinance in Section 9...”
“Like I’ve been doing,” whispered Ryan shakily.
Mike nodded and rested his hands on Ryan’s trembling shoulders. Ryan drank in the affection. He looked at Mike and became oblivious of everyone else.
“I thought all this time they were just testing me. To see if I’d break the rules under pressure. But maybe they’re for real Mike... Maybe the rules have to be flexible.”
Charlie and John exchanged elated grins. John gave Mike a victorious “thumbs up” behind Ryan’s back.
“They’re for real mate,” replied Mike softly. “Succumbing to the pressure from that inflexible deskie is a decision I’m gonna regret for the rest of my life... But dwelling on it, isn’t gonna change what’s happened... Learn to listen to what your heart tells you to do and have the balls to do it Ryan. You’ll be a better leader for it. And it could be a matter of life and death one day. Your life... or someone else’s.” 

If we’re growing, we’re always going to be out of our comfort zone.
-John Maxwell

A lengthy silence. John broke it.
“Private Paul? We’ve hardly heard a peep out of you since the chopper dropped you off. Have you got a tongue in that gob of yours?”
“Yes Sir. But I feel too overshadowed to use it, Sir.”
“Why’s that?” 
Paul chose his words carefully.
“I came here to offset the lacklustre of my sedentary desk job. I expected there might be a couple of battle-weary heroes like Mike here... But the glossy brochure about this place gave me absolutely no warning that it’d be full of you guys!”
Paul’s tone became progressively shriller.
“First Sergeants don’t even breathe around you guys. Let alone talk to you guys!”
A ripple of laughter erupted around Paul. Rod and Jed thumped him light-heartedly. 
“Hey... he has got a tongue in that gob of his after all!” ragged Jed.
“Sounds like he wants to give someone back at Malmstrom a tongue lashing!” boomed Charlie.
Unruly laughter. Paul glanced around the circle of men fleetingly.
“I’m really sorry but I didn’t work out this was your private turf until I was already off the chopper...”
Paul repositioned himself closer to Mike. Mike rubbed his chin pensively. Ryan cocked his head.
“Ask the Major. He’ll tell you I tried to leave... Tell them Mike!” pleaded Paul.
“Yeah, you tried to leave alright. Ya nearly decapitated yerself while you were at it.”
All round laughter.
“I was trying to get the chopper pilot’s attention to tell him I wanted to go back with him, but he must have thought I was just saying goodbye. Because he just waved back!”
“And you’ve been running on adrenalin since?” guessed John.
“Yes Sir.”
“Come on Paul. You wrote on your application form that you wanted to come here for a challenge and a break from the humdrum. You got what you asked for! Out of curiosity though, how did you recognize us?” 
“Um... From the photo hanging in admin back at Malmstrom, Sir. The one of you all having dinner with the President.”
Ryan looked taken aback. Mike inquisitive.
“But that photo must be twenty years old!” laughed John.
“You’ve got more wrinkles and less hair, but you’ve still got the mole on the side of your neck Sir.”
“Holy Moley... Your cover’s compromised!” ragged Jed.
John chuckled and took a half-hearted swipe at Jed.
“How’d you recognize me?” asked Charlie.
“Um... you’ve still got the same eyebrow expression when you smile Sir.”
“And Jed and Rod?”
“Jed’s still got that gold tooth. And Rod’s got that scar near his ear...”
“All from one photo eh?” mused John.
“Well the anomalies on the application form also clued me, Sir.”
“What anomalies?”
“Well I noticed the registration form didn’t mention rank, which I thought was unusual because every other Airforce application form does.”
Mike and Ryan exchanged glances.
“At first I thought it was a clerical oversight. But then I noticed the dress code - camo clothing which is issued on arrival - and it occurred to me that both variations from the norm might be a way of protecting people’s identities. And when I recognized you all one after another and saw how you were all dressed, it didn’t take me very long to work out whose identities were being protected...”
“You’ve got an obviously innate ability to notice small details,” smiled John. “What are you doing languishing in admin?”
“I was assigned there after basic training Sir. I applied for a transfer to Air Intelligence a couple of times but I got knocked back due to my rare blood type.”
“That was unintelligent of Air Intelligence.”
Laughter rippled around the group.
“We don’t get many guests through that recognize us Paul. We like to maintain our anonymity so blokes like Mike can spill their guts about what’s going wrong out in the field without fear of repercussions...”
Mike cleared his throat softly.
“...and it makes it easier for youthful planet shapers like Ryan to relate to us if they’re not worried about us pulling rank on them...”
Ryan’s eyes widened. Paul nodded carefully.
“I figured that might be the case Sir. That’s why I didn’t tell Mike what I’d worked out. Even though I really wanted to...”
Paul glanced at Mike nervously.
“Are you cross that I didn’t tell you?”
“Course not!” laughed Mike. “I suspected they were brassies anyway.”
“Why?”
“Their misbehaviour in the bathroom gave them away. It was like showering with three General Madison clones.”
“Robbie’s one of our finest graduates from lark school!” joked Charlie.
“We taught him everything he knows!” added Jed.
Raucous laughter. John glanced at Ryan’s wide-eyed expression and rested an affectionate arm on his shoulder.
“Are you sinking or swimming there pup?”
“I’ve just gotta get a drink of water...” replied Ryan, breaking away from the John’s physical contact.
Everyone watched Ryan tear away.
“That kid’s a bloomin’ onion,” murmured Charlie. “How many layers are we gonna have to peel off before we reach him?”
“Patience Charlie,” replied John softly. “There’s light at the end of the tunnel...”
Ω
“We’ve made it across,” puffed Maya.
“Course we made it,” shrugged Jake.
“I didn’t think I was gonna make it. If it hadn’t been for you both I may not have made it... Thanks guys.”
Maya and Jake beamed.
“You two put on some lunch and rest up. I’ll just prepare for the next part of this crazy challenge... But it should be a breeze.”
Jake looked up at the towering cliff-face as the stew heated. Zac smiled encouragingly.
“Don’t stress Jake. It’s just a big kid’s playground, remember?”
“Your map says this part of the big kid’s playground is for advanced climbing teams and I’ve never done any rock-climbing or abseiling before.”
“The military obviously zig zag up this section of the cliff face as a team. We can’t do that because we don’t have enough carabiners or cams... I’m confident I can get myself to the top though. And once I’m up there, I should be able to utilize what we’ve got and get you two up...”

There’s a way to do it better - Find it!
-Thomas Edison

“Gidday you two,” greeted John. “What are our civilians up to?”
“They’ve just started making lunch Sir,” replied Ryan. “And the team leader’s sorting out their climbing gear for the next challenge...”
“How will they do on the next challenge?”
“Sir?”
“What’s your gut feeling?”
Ryan hesitated before replying.
“I can’t see how they’ll get up the cliff face without our help. They just haven’t got enough gear.”
“Mike - what do you feel?”
“They’ll make it,” replied Mike confidently.
“How can you say that?” frowned Ryan. “They haven’t got the right gear.”
“That’s not what John asked,” replied Mike gently.
Mike eyed John.
“Young Zac’s been busy improvising again. I haven’t quite worked out what he’s up to, but he’s definitely got a plan. Take a look.”
John peered through his binoculars. 
“I haven’t seen someone do that for years...” he murmured.
He let out a low whistle. Three men fell into formation alongside him in an instant.
“Well knock me for six!” said Charlie. “He’s building a German sniper ladder out of their rope pieces.”
“Someone old school had to have taught him that,” mused Jed.
“Someone who’s a pro themselves,” murmured Rod.
“What’s a German sniper ladder?” asked Paul.
“Here. See for yourself,” said Mike, offering him his binoculars.
Paul shook his head.
“I can’t use binoculars, because of my specs.”
“That’s because you haven’t been taught to use them properly... Here... fold down the rubber eyecups. That’s what your glasses rest against... Now adjust the eyepieces to suit your face as though you haven’t got glasses... pull the barrels down slowly... and tell me when you see a single circle with both your eyes...”
“I can see one now... Hey Mike, you were right. I can actually make out the three civilians... And the German sniper ladder is the thingy the bigger bloke’s making, right?”
“Ah ha... Hey Ryan... Get over here with us, you tourist!”
“I’m not a tourist.”
“Well you’re looking through those binoculars like a tourist...”
“What do you mean?”
“Look at the angle of the sun. If Zac was our enemy, your binoculars would have given away our position.”
“Like a signal mirror?”
“Spot on... Observe our grey-haired friends who’ve been to spy school. They’re not standing up, so you shouldn’t be either.” 
Ryan joined Mike then eyed the group of men.
“How do you know they’ve had surveillance training?”
“Look at ‘em... Heads low in case of danger... Elbows propped on knees for steady viewing. Positioned in each other’s shadows so they don’t get sunburnt... They know their stuff... Actually, it wouldn’t surprise me if one of ‘em wrote the original AIA surveillance manual.”
“That attempt at getting information was as about as subtle as a brick Mike,” said John, without looking away from his binoculars. 
“I’m not trying to pry gen out of you,” retorted Mike. “I’m teachin’ Ryan how to tune into his sixth sense.”
John lowered his binoculars and made intentional eye contact with Mike. Mike returned the eye contact with a hint of smile. 
“Are you saying John might’ve been Air Intelligence?” frowned Ryan.
“My sixth sense tells me they all might’ve been.”
Deep laughter. 
“But how can you tell?” struggled Ryan.
“Because they’re so comfortable in each other’s personal space...”
“I don’t follow.”
“One time I bunked with a paratrooper who’d worked with a group of AIA’s. He told me how different they were from other Airforce enlistees. Apparently their idea of mateship was something else... they sacked together, showered together... hugged and massaged each other... counselled each other...”
“Sounds gay,” mumbled Ryan.
“Doesn’t sound like the Airforce at all,” agreed Paul. “Are you sure the paratrooper wasn’t pulling your leg?” 
“Nah. He was for real.”
“Well they haven’t done anything touchy-feely since I arrived,” ventured Ryan.
“Maybe they’ve been holding back, ‘til you settle in... Although I think that’s about to change.”
“Another gut feeling?”
“Nah. An educated guess. John’s planning on taking you nicky swimmin’ remember? That’s his way of saying ‘let’s get to know each other.”
A soft chuckle from John.
“First Paul... Now Mike’s onto us as well boys...”
“Sounds like we’re gonna end up nicky swimming with all three of ‘em!” quipped Charlie.
Ryan’s cheeks coloured and he slowly raised the binoculars back up to his eyes.
“Sir. The civilian leader’s taking the wrong route up the cliff face. And he hasn’t got enough climbing gear. Shouldn’t we intervene?”
“There’s no right or wrong way to tackle the cliff face, but I admit I’m interested to see how he plans to get up there,” replied John. “Has anyone worked out what that gadget he’s holding is yet?”
“I watched him making it earlier. It’s some type of pulley,” replied Mike. “He made it out of two jars of skin cream joined together with duct tape. And he also made a makeshift Sticht plate from their stove top too for some reason.”
“MacGyver in the flesh,” murmured Jed.
“Or a chip off an old block,” replied John, rubbing his chin contemplatively.


Chapter 10

A leader is a dealer in hope.
-Napoleon Bonaparte

“He’s scaling that cliff face like a bloomin’ gecko!” chuckled Charlie. “Climbing vertical surfaces is obviously his forté.”
“Building a sniper ladder was a good decision,” agreed John. “I wonder if the others will be able to utilize it though. They don’t look like they’ve got sufficient upper body strength...”
“Hang on... he’s attached his makeshift pulley to the top bar and he’s winding the sniper ladder around it... Clever cookie,” murmured Rod.
“Now I get what he’s doing!” said Ryan with a hint of admiration. “He’s turned it into an instant hoist up for the other two civilians and their gear.”
“That’s gonna save them a couple of hours of hard climbing,” added Mike. “I must remember that.”
“I’ve always wondered what that bit of rusty metal was for. Did you know John?” asked Rod.
“Yes... Although we haven’t used it since Dave’s era. Advanced survival training was part of his leadership course. Participants had to build makeshift components to utilize certain survival equipment. I remember one bloke was particularly skilled at it. I saw him carve a pulley out of a lump of wood one time. Took him all of ten minutes. He had Dave ogle-eyed with admiration...”
Charlie broke into a slow grin and thumped John playfully.
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking John boy?”
John rubbed his chin pensively.
“Hold the fort for a while Choc. I just want to follow up on our hunch...”
Ω
I awoke to the smell of breakfast cooking on the free gas barbeques down on the foreshore. The laughter of children playing on the swings. Bacon spitting. Eggs singing.
Pedro handed me an industrial strength coffee.
I stared in astonishment at Katja. She smiled back gently.
“You managed all this and you didn’t wake me to help you?”
“You seemed tired Dochter.”
I was tired. My body ached and I really needed a shower. I’d scrubbed cleanish in the public loos the previous night. Grateful for the darkness.
I sank down at the picnic table sipping the caffeine. My slender fingers petted Missy. Blue eyes stared back at me.
Holy Spirit... I need you direction. Show me whether to stay with them or leave...
Ω
“You made scaling that cliff face look easy!” smiled Maya.
“I’ve had a lot of practice. Dad and Mum are both into mountaineering.”
“How’d you know how to make that rusty gadget work anyway?”asked Jake. “I’ve never even seen one.”
“It’s similar to the set-up they used during the gold-rush in Alaska...”
“Except instead of pulling up gold-bearing dirt you pulled us up!” laughed Jake.
“It must have been hard yakka even with the gadget,” ventured Maya.
“Nah. The pulley halved the load. And getting you guys up the cliff-face was like second nature. It just felt like another one of Dad’s drills...”
“What drills?”
“When I was a teenager Dad taught me all these rescue and survival techniques... Knots... bush-craft... improvising when you haven’t got the right gear. And he insisted that I develop upper body strength alongside him. And didn’t let up on me until I could haul him up a cliff face without assistance.”
“I wonder why?” smiled Maya.
“Maybe he thought you might need to know rescue stuff because Alaska’s so prone to earthquakes,” ventured Jake.
“Maybe. I’ve never really thought about it. It seemed important to him and I enjoyed the father-son time together. So I just went along with him...”
“Hey Zac. That speck in the sky over there... Is it a chopper?” pointed Maya.
“Ah ha. By the look of it, it’s heading for the same base station we’re heading for.”
“Maybe it’s Mad Max.”
“Maybe. He mentioned he’s based at Malmstrom and the chopper came from that direction.”
“Maybe we should signal him with a mirror to get his attention, then ask him for a lift to the base station. Since he’s in the area.”
“I thought you said you were never gonna get in another chopper with Mad Max ever again!” ragged Jake.
“I’ve changed my mind. I’ll ride with Mad Max any day after this. I’d even ride all the way back to Malmstrom dangling from a cable like Tarzan.”
“You mean Jane!” grinned Jake.
Zac laughed warmly.
“To tell the truth Maya, I’m tempted to signal the chopper myself. The only thing holding me back is the thought that if the chopper came out here from Malmstrom it’s obviously on some mission. And I don’t want to interfere with whatever the military blokes are up to. After all we’re just civilians. And it’s not like we need rescuing...”
Ω
Everyone looked skyward as the chopper circled then landed at Farliga Pass. The pilot shut down the engine and clambered out.
“Gidday Max. We weren’t expecting you. What’s cooking?”
“Ask them womenfolk of yours back at Malmstrom. They sent me here on a secret mission.”
Max winked at John and walked over to the cherry tree then looked up.
“Hey Zaccheus,” he yelled loudly. “Get down outta that tree and into my chopper. You’ve been deployed.”
“Where to?” asked Ryan as he removed his headphones.
“Malmstrom. 
Ryan slid nimbly down out of the tree.
“How’d you know where I was?”
“Bird’s eye view. What are ya doing up in Fiona’s favourite hidey hole anyway? Reading somethin’ naughty?”
“I was just reading an old training manual from the ops room library.”
“While you were listening to music?”
“It’s a bloke called Bach. It helps me get lost in what I’m reading.”
“Well get yer butt, yer book, and yer Bach-playing iPhone aboard.”
“What about the rest of my things?”
“Leave ‘em. You’re only deployed until sunset...”
“Okay,” shrugged Ryan.
Mike glanced at Max as Ryan boarded.
“Can I catch a lift to Malmstrom too?”
“Sure. Plenty of room.”
“Ta. I just have to grab my bag. I’ll be right back.”
Mike sprinted over to his room. Everyone’s eyes followed him.
“Pity. I thought we were making headway,” murmured John.
Charlie nodded sadly.
“Need me to bring anything back on my return trip?” asked Max, breaking the sombre silence.
“Hmmm... Another carton of bacon and eggs wouldn’t go astray. Ryan eats enough for two and we’re expecting hungry company tomorrow as well.”
Mike reappeared. Everyone extended their hands to farewell him.
“Come back for that nicky swim,” whispered Charlie, hugging Mike tightly.
Mike felt an irresistible sense of mateship exuding from Charlie.
“I’ll think about it,” he replied shakily, as he climbed aboard the chopper.
Ω
I felt them arrive before I turned and saw them in the carpark..
“Looks like we’ve got company,” said Pedro curiously.
Everyone stared at the police car and the military jeep.
“I’ve got to get out of here! Keep my things.”
Dutchy read my panic-riddled features.
“No time to run Dochter. Only enough time to hide.”
“Where?”
They all sprang into action. Within moments I was wearing a shawl and full-length wrap around skirt. Someone removed my chic black wig. I was faintly aware of Petrina’s astonished expression as my blonde hair tumbled out wild and free. Before I had time to protest, someone else put a red gypsy scarf over my hair. My arms were adorned with bracelets. Someone else slipped a ring on my wedding finger.
Pedro’s fingertips traced the contours of my face. He planted a soft kiss on my forehead. I didn’t know if I should respond but something primal inside made the decision for me. A gentle stroke of my tongue on his lips. A passionate, answering glitter in his eyes. My pulse jumped into top gear. Then he redirected his attention to the newcomers in feigned surprise.
Ω
Fiona met Ryan at the landing pad.
“Glad you could come!” she beamed. “We’ve got three deliveries under way. Now’s a perfect time to consolidate what you’ve been reading.”
Ryan’s jaw dropped open.
“No catching flies now Captain!” she clucked.
“You mean watch human babies coming out of women?”
“Yes. Didn’t Max tell you why he was picking you up?”
“Why it must have slipped my mind!” grinned Max, thumping his forehead melodramatically.
Ryan wrinkled up his nose and looked at Mike for reassurance.
“Have you ever had to deliver a baby on an assignment?”
“Er... one. There was this woman hiding in a cave in Iraq... bullets flying around outside the whole time... It was a pretty surreal experience when the baby came out... All three of us were blubbering. The woman, the baby... and me.”
Mike’s voice trailed off.
“Well I guess if you’ve had to do it as an officer, then I should learn too. Even if I’m embarrassed... And a bit scared,” faltered Ryan. 
Mike said nothing and shouldered his bag.
“So... are you heading off?” asked Ryan.
“Yeah. I’ve got what I came for. Maybe I’ll see you ‘round...”
“What do you mean you’ll see him around?” interposed Fiona. “He obviously considers you his mentor... Dave wouldn’t have walked away from a pup who’d admitted he was embarrassed and scared. He would have helped him through the experience.”
Mike eyed Fiona coolly. 
“I dare you to join us Major,” said Fiona with twinkling eyes.
Mike began a querulous reply and then stopped.
“I s’pose I’ve got nothing better to do... The bus doesn’t leave until tonight anyway...”
Ω
“Gidday Sergeant.”
“Gidday yerself Pedro.”
“Er... Is there a law about kissing in the park?”
“Maybe where you come from... But not in this country mate.”
“Are these the people who were last seen with her?” demanded a heavily accented voice.
I stiffened in terror. Pedro strengthened his supporting grip on me. It felt good. I desperately needed a powerful guy.
“We’re looking for the young woman who was living in the hostel with you all.”
Luan’s tone was dangerously dark.
“What’s she done?” asked Pedro.
“She’s stolen military secrets.”
Tarapaca peered directly at me, a frown flickering across his features. Pedro sensed the imminent recognition in his eyes and said something in an unrecognizable language to Petrina. 
“Mama! I want to play on the swings,” said Petrina in Spanish.
A tiny hand linked with mine and tugged me away from the group towards the playground. 
“Swing me, Mama!”
Ω
Fiona walked briskly down the corridor.
“Mrs Jefferies is having her third child and she’s already about 6 cm dilated. It should be a complicated free delivery. Otherwise Mrs Rockwell is in labour, although she may be a few hours yet.” 
The sound of a woman sobbing and shrieking came from behind the closest door. Ryan drew a deep breath and glanced at Mike.
“What’s going on in there?” asked Mike, looking at Fiona.
“There’s another woman in labour. But that’s not going to be a suitable delivery for Ryan to sit in on...”
“Why not?”
Fiona rolled her eyes.
“I brought him in to see the miracle of birth Major. Not to terrify him.”
“What’s wrong with her?” asked Ryan with wide eyes.
“Nothing medically. Rebecca MacIntyre is distressed because her husband is in Afghanistan at the moment and he didn’t make it home for the birth of their first baby...”
“Is there some hospital rule stopping us going in there?” asked Mike.
“No... But she’ll probably throw something at you if you do.”
Mike grinned.
“Come on mate,” he said, grabbing Ryan by the forearm. “The doc here is dreading this delivery. Let’s see if we can help her out, eh?”
Ω
I listened to them chatting in several different languages among themselves and appreciated what it must have been like back at Babel.
My pursuers addressed them impatiently.
“Why’s her car here if she’s not here?” asked Luan.
“My wife and I bought her car,” explained Pedro.
A soft curse.
“And we bought her furniture,” said Prada.
“She said she needed money for an airline ticket to America,” added Reece.
“And she gave me her cat,” piped up their son Riley, holding up Missy.
I couldn’t believe how genuine their storytelling sounded.
“Her car’s worth a lot more than an airline ticket,” argued Tarapaca.
“Not with that painted cross on its roof. You could see that from a satellite out in space!” jested Pedro.
I realized with chagrin how they’d found me.
Laughter from my rescuers. My pursuers stomped angrily back to their jeep.
The police officer made apologetic eye contact with Dutchy and Katja, both of whom had said nothing.
“Hey Pedro. Tell the old people that I’m sorry... That hounding young women and evicting good tenants isn’t the Australian way...”
“We know Sergeant,” replied Dutchy in perfect English. “But don’t concern yourself. We’ll be alright...”
Ω
“Gidday Rebecca,” greeted Mike. “I came back from Afghanistan last week and Ryan here might be heading off there shortly. Fiona sent us in as substitute hubbies, since your hubby couldn’t make it back on time.”
Rebecca reached out and grasped Mike’s hand. Mike squeezed it tightly and sat down next to her.
“I was in Iraq when my wife went into labour and Julia felt just like you feel. So my father-in-law videoed the birth of our daughter and sent it to me. I still treasure that recording. Every time I watch it I feel like I was there with her at the birth. Even though I couldn’t be...” 
“Have you got a video recorder?” said Rebecca, sniffing up.
“I’ve got my iPhone,” offered Ryan.
“Well press record mate and we’ll introduce ourselves to Rebecca’s hubby. What’s his name anyway?”

The pessimist complains about the wind.
The optimist expects it to change. The realist adjusts the sails.
-William Arthur Ward

I kept swinging my tiny rescuer as I blinked back my tears of relief. Pedro’s shadow fell over me. My heart skipped a beat as his hand rested on my shoulder.
“Catch me Mama!”
I instinctively extended my arms. Petrina landed in them. Giggling and cuddling me.
“It’s okay sweetie... They’ve gone. You don’t have to say that now.”
My cheeks flamed as I made eye contact with Pedro.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done that. What will Petrina’s mother say about our indiscretion?” I whispered guiltily.
To my astonishment Pedro dissolved into tears. He scooped up Petrina and walked slowly away from me towards the shoreline.
They didn’t follow him. I was bewildered.
“Pedro needs your comfort. You need his strength to get through this.”
“No. It’s good he’s crying,” replied Dutchy.
“Why?”
“His wife Maria and their three sons were killed in the earthquake in Haiti. And he’s never allowed himself to grieve.”
“How do you know?” 
“Maria was our daughter. And Amos, Jude and Carlos were our treasured grandchildren...”
“And I’ve rubbed salt into everyone’s wounds,” I whispered. “After you’ve all been so kind to me.”
“Coming into contact with salt is painful if you’re wounded Dochter. But salt also brings healing.”
Reece made a comment to Dutchy and Katja in their unknown tongue. Dutchy stifled a grin and bear-cuffed Reece like an out-of-line teenager. Reece laughed cheekily and sprinted off. I glanced at Katja.
“What did Reece say?” I asked cautiously.
“He said salt is also used to improve the flavour of that which is already good. And that you and Pedro are... good... for each other.”
A smile danced at the corners of Dutchy’s mouth.
“Did that lose something in the translation?” I said, making eye contact with Dutchy.
Dutchy chuckled.
“Reece thinks there’s lots of chemistry between you two.”
I redirected my gaze towards Pedro’s distant figure.
“Ken’kam’ken,” I whispered dreamily.
Dutchy fired a penetrating stare in my direction. I wriggled self-consciously before reassuring myself that the chances that he understood my native tongue were a zillion to one. Only a handful of people outside of Alaska spoke Yupik.
“Just talking to myself. Bad habit,” I mumbled in English.
Dutchy said something to Katja. She showed no visible reaction.
“Come Dochter. Let’s have morning tea together while we wait for Pedro and Petrina,” she said, steering me back towards the picnic table.
Ω
Fiona crept into the quiet labour room. The remaining occupants failed to notice her.
“I’m scared. Everything feels so... strange,” said Rebecca shakily.
“God designed women’s bodies to have babies...” coached Mike enthusiastically. “Think Rebecca... What’s the most demanding physical job you’ve done with Daniel?”
“Helped him replace our car gearbox I guess.”
“Right... well remember how your muscles were working hard and were trembling while you were helping him position that gearbox? And remember you were breathing hard with the exertion? But you weren’t scared, were you? It was just hard labour...Well this is just the same! Your muscles are working hard... trembling as they contract... bits are stretching to their fullest capacity... but it’s all normal... so you don’t have to be scared of what’s happening... Don’t fight it or tense up with fear... Put your energy into making those muscles work at getting bubs out... Come on... Send Daniel a huge, relaxed smile... Yeah. Much better! Isn’t she doing great Dan?”
Silence. Rebecca’s body arched.
“Mike! Something different just happened!” yelped Ryan. “Mike - there’s white stuff... and black stuff... and blood... on the pink stuff.”
“The white stuff’s probably vernix... Is the black stuff hair?”
“Hair? Yeah. It’s hair! I think the baby’s head’s crowned... Mike! I’ve forgotten everything I read in the book. Maybe we should go find Fiona.”
“Don’t you go anywhere!” ordered Rebecca. “You’re recording this on your iPhone for Daniel, remember?”
“Um... okay... But Mike, you’d better check this out. The head’s moving in and out. Whata we do?”
“I’ll be just swap hats for a moment Becky... from substitute hubby back to Ryan’s mentor... You chat to Daniel for a minute.”
“Are you sure we shouldn’t find Fiona?” repeated Ryan.
“Nah. She’ll find us when she’s not busy. Besides, I’ve delivered heaps of kids!”
Ryan glanced sideways at Mike but said nothing.
“It’s happening now Daniel!” panted Becky.
“What’s happening Mike? Is it a pushing contraction?” asked Ryan excitedly.
“Hmmm... It looks like it to me. See... Her tummy’s trembling... Come on Becky... work with your body... Have a good rest right now and the next time you feel the urge to push, give it your best shot... Another one so soon? Whoops... This is happening faster than I expected... You must be close to fully dilated... It’s a bit different with does...”
“Deer?” panted Becky.
“Nah, mother goats. You know... when they’re giving birth... I was brought up on a farm and used to play vet when I was a teenager and deliver the baby kids.”
Rebecca opened her mouth and went to protest, but changed the comment to a panting gasp as the contraction strengthened.
“Whoaah...Action stations, eh?... I wonder where they keep the towels around here?” said Mike, looking around. “These newborn babies are slippery little blighters and we’d hate to drop your little one Dan...”
Fiona silently appeared near Mike and handed him a towel.
“What’s up Major? Other than your pulse?” teased Fiona, resting her fingertips gently on the artery on the side of Mike’s neck.
“’Bout time you showed up woman!” grinned Mike with relief.
Fiona repositioned her hands onto Mike’s shoulders and squeezed them in silent gratitude. Ryan stared at Mike’s bounding neck curiously.
“Hey Dan...” continued Mike, sounding completely calm. “This is Doctor Fiona... She’s joined us make sure Becky’s fully dilated...”
“It’s a bit too late for that Major. Catch!” laughed Fiona.
“Catch?”
“Now!” said Fiona and Rebecca in unison.
“Wooah! Way to go Becky!! Can you believe it Daniel? Three pushes, mate!”
“It’s a boy! It’s a boy!” yelped Ryan, jumping around excitedly.
“Sorry if you’ve lost visual there Daniel... The camera-man’s ecstatic... Focus that iPhone back onto Becky... Look at the grin on her face Dan... You should be proud of her mate. Here... we might just plonk your little man down on her chest... Come on Ryan... time for you to step in and be Daniel now... I’ll take over the recording... okay... clamp the umbilical cord with that plastic gadget... Yep... Now snip it. About there’ll do... Good job mate... There! I reckon we’ll give you a pass in Midwifery 101 and Rebecca a distinction in Self Restraint Class, eh?”
“There’s no such class!” guffawed Ryan.
“Well you have to admit Becky showed great self restraint when she found out that her pseudo-midwife moonlights as a pseudo-vet!”
Fiona and Rebecca doubled over with laughter. Mike zoomed in on the tiny baby and wiped his moist eyes with his forearm.
“By the way Dan... Becky doesn’t know where your unit is, but if you happen to be in the Jalalabad region, watch out for an old Paki with a long pointy beard and purple headgear...he booby traps bodies... and a couple of my mates got badly hurt by his handiwork recently... Make sure you lasso any bodies you see - like you’d rope a kid or a colt - ‘coz Becky and bubs want you home safe... Sorry... that was right off topic but I had a gut feeling to mention it... Here, Becky wants to say something...”
“Dan... I was thinking of calling him Micky Ryan... Is that okay honey?”
“Top name!” said Ryan with sparkling eyes, as he tenderly stroked Micky Ryan’s tiny palm with his index finger.
Ω
A chilli-red sun slipped below the horizon. Zac stopped walking and slipped his pack off, then eased himself down.
“We’re stopping here for the night?” asked Jake.
“Sorry about the lack of privacy mate. I’ve been looking for somewhere suitable for the past half an hour. And this spot is the first one I’ve seen with a decent tree.”
“And it’s a willow tree. Don’t you think that’s odd? It’s like the willow trees happen to grow about a day’s hike from each other. Maybe Maya’s right. Maybe there really is a secluded hot spring behind it.”
“Maybe... We’ll check it out in the morning before we set out. Actually we can sleep in tomorrow morning as well if you want to. According to the map, we’re only about a two hour easy hike from the military outpost. And while there aren’t any marked roads on the map, I’m sure we’ll be able to hitch a ride back to civilisation with someone from there.”
“I told you we could do it!”
“You two should be incredibly proud of yourselves.”
“Forget being proud. I’m just plain famished...”
Zac watched Maya peel open a can of rice-cream and gobble it down hungrily. She opened up a second can and became aware of Zac watching her eating it with relish.
“What?”
“Nothing... It’s just refreshing seeing a woman eating without fussing about calories and fat content.”
“Hey - the way I figure it, I worked as hard as you fellas today. Although we’re nearly out of food. I probably should have only eaten one can, not both of them.”
“That’s quite alright. Eat as much as you need. I’m so pooped I’ll settle for the last can of baked beans and some shut eye...”
“After we eat, can I still light a fire in case the beans kick in and you want to light up your farts and chat about interesting stuff?” asked Jake. 
Zac laughed tiredly.
“That sounds like the perfect ending to a really interesting day mate... Although we’d better get the fire started before it gets too dark... Come on... Let’s grab a few handfuls of dry grass as tinder, eh?”
Maya looked at Zac and Jake walking off and quickly put down the can of rice-cream.
“I might come and gather tinder with you too,” she whispered, reaching for Zac’s hand.
“Sure. Is something wrong?”
“No. I just don’t want to be alone when it’s nearly dark with the spooky UFO...” replied Maya, pointing over towards a dancing blue-white light.
Zac and Jake looked off in the direction Maya was pointing.
“Your imagination is as vivid as Hope’s!” chuckled Zac.
“We agree it looks spooky though,” added Jake, eyeing the sweeping light with a hint of nervousness.
“Well if it’s not a UFO, maybe it’s some rogue comet that’s gonna destroy the earth then,” suggested Maya.
Zac shook his head as he gathered a fistful of dry grass.
“Nah. It’s definitely not a comet. And for the record, no comet in our solar system will destroy the earth in our life-time. Those pseudo-science programmes are just sensationalism.”
“How can you be so sure?”
“Remember the predictions that Elenin would destroy the earth? Well Elenin’s closest approach to Earth was 34.4 million kilometres. That was about the same as the closest approach of Venus. And Venus has about 81.5% of the mass of the earth and doesn’t threaten Earth. So why would’ve a dirty snowball with only 0.000 000 003% of the earth’s mass pose a threat to earth? And that goes for any other comet that’s predicted to pass close to earth in the next hundred years too.”
“So it’s not a UFO... or a comet... I know - maybe the military blokes are doing some E/M experiments and they’ve generated a plasma ball. Like the ones in Laverton.”
“Well I agree the light is probably man-made,” replied Zac.
“Now she’s got me wondering too,” frowned Jake. “What do you think it is Zac?”
“It’s a drop-bear with a torch!” joked Zac.
Jake and Maya laughed.
“What do you really think it is Zac?”
“Judging from the direction, I’d say, it’s the landing light of the same chopper we saw earlier... The mist in the air combined with the vibration of the chopper is just making the light look unusually eerie...”
Ω
Charlie walked out to meet Mad Max and Ryan. He broke into a huge grin as a familiar figure clambered out of the chopper behind Ryan.
“Mike!” hollered Charlie with overt delight.
“Thought I’d come back for that swim, Choc.”
Charlie laughed and bear-hugged Mike exuberantly.
“I’m so glad you came back. We need you...”
“Why?”
“Paul went hyper on us after you left. And we can’t find out why.”
“What’d ya do to him?”
“Nothing. He was just looking at the old photos in the mess hall.”
Charlie glanced at Ryan spinning around in circles like a kid pretending to be a plane.
“What’d ya do to him?”
“Nothing. We just hung out in the hospital with a woman called Becky for a while... Hey Ryan... I’ll do you a trade... your iPhone for this tuckerbox. Give it to the cook. And if you see Paul, tell ‘im I’ll catch ‘im shortly.”
“Sure thing!” grinned Ryan, bouncing off in the direction of the mess hall.
“Need me to do anything?” offered Charlie.
Mike laughed and tossed his kit bag at Charlie.
“Put it back in our room... I’ve just got to use the computer in the ops centre for a moment.”
Mike walked away whistling. Mad Max eyed Charlie.
“What did those womenfolk do to both of them?” he asked with a bemused expression.
“No idea mate. But whatever it was, it worked!”
Ω
Jake returned in his PJ’s. He glanced at Maya - using Zac’s lap as a pillow. His focus shifted to Zac as he tenderly stroked Maya’s hair.
“Would you like me to stay away a bit longer?”
“Of course not Jake... We just both lay back at the same time and ended up relaxing near each other. I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable.”
“Nah. I don’t feel uncomfortable. If you were kissing each other or petting, then I’d feel uncomfortable. But the way you look into her eyes and pamper her feels...”
Jake paused.
“...pure. Like things should be. When I get a girlfriend I’m gonna treat her like you treat Maya.”
Zac smiled.
“Well, follow my example with regards to respecting women by all means. But don’t follow my example and drag a woman across a military training trek when she’s got her periods, and deprive her of a bath for two nights. I’m surprised she hasn’t punched my lights out. A dozen times over.”
Jake chuckled.
“Come on... Plonk yourself down here near us.”
Silence.
“Do you realize this is the fifth night we’ve sat here getting to know each other. With no electricity or mobile phones or internet. Just firelight. I don’t remember the last time I did without technology for this long.”
“I don’t mind the lack of technology,” averred Zac. “Pity there really isn’t a secret hot spring around though. I feel so grubby I’m surprised no one’s made any rude comments.”
“Your Givenchy is holding out fine. So is your Omnia, Maya.”
“Since when do you know women’s perfumes by their scent?” laughed Maya.
“You smell like my mum...” replied Jake wistfully. “Omnia was her favourite scent. After her funeral I swiped the bottle from her room. And whenever I missed her, I used to spray a little bit on me... So she felt close...”
Maya reached into her rucksack and pulled out her Omnia. She misted some on them all.
“What are you doing?”
“Creating a new memory of Omnia... a happy memory of lying by the fire, chatting with special friends... near the top of a gorge in Yellowstone Park.”
Jake cleared his throat noisily.
“Did you know Omnia has a black pepper base, and also tea, cinnamon, nutmeg and almond?” 
“Sounds almost edible. Can we eat it if we run out of food?”
“Are you still hungry after two cans of rice-cream, four packets of instant noodles and a packet of mashed potato?” chuckled Zac.
“Yes. But I didn’t want to say anything.”
“Here. Have the rest of my baked beans. If you’re not scared of catching boy bugs that is. Sorry. I was uncouth and ate straight out of the can.”
“I’ll risk your boy bugs... A small dose now will build up my immunity for when we kiss on our wedding day.”
“Can I come to your wedding?”
“We wouldn’t dream of not inviting you Baby Bear!” laughed Zac. “Although we haven’t discussed when we’d like to get married yet.”
“Or where we’d like to get married,” smiled Maya. “As in which hemisphere and which continent we’re getting married in!”
Ω
Mike bashed his fist on the computer desk in frustration. John caught Ryan’s iPhone mid-air as it tumbled towards the floor.
“You know you’d last five minutes in a desk position,” he said with a hint of amusement in his eyes.
“Er... Thanks for catching the pup’s phone. Sorry I nearly did my block. I didn’t realize anyone was watchin’.”
John’s eyes twinkled.
“It’s dinner time. What are you up to anyway?”
Mike exhaled noisily.
“I had this wild idea that if I used the computer in here, I might be able to get some gen on where someone’s posted in Afghanistan. But it doesn’t seem to be different to any other computer.”
“Sounds important.”
“It’s important to the bloke’s wife.”
“So I’ve been told by at least four women. I’ve also been told that I’ll be throttled if some footage on this particular iPhone is accidentally wiped or the phone gets damaged.”
A genuine smile from Mike.
“Can’t have you getting throttled... We’d better make a copy of the footage before anything happens to it. Somehow.”
Mike scratched his wrinkled brow.
“Any ideas how to?” asked John.
“I’m pretty sure you can transfer files across from one device to another... I’ve never tried to do it before though.”
“Now sounds a good time to try.” 
Mike paused.
“I’ve seen Julia do it... I think you connect the phone to the computer using bluetooth then press that button...”
John peered at the iPhone as though he had never seen one before.
“This button?”
“Ah ha... then I think it’s this one... no that’s not right... I’ll try again... try that one...”
“This one?”
“Yeah... I think that’s right... Hang on a jiffy while we see if it works... Yep... there’s the file called Newborn Micky. On Ryan’s computer screen.”
“So it is... Well how about that! Whoops... Oh dear...We have something in common... I’ll never get the hang of these new fangled gadgets... I seem to have accidently moved that video into Ryan’s music video clips folder... I wonder if that matters?”
“Nah... You can copy a file from one folder into another. I know that much.”
John nodded.
“I know... Let’s bluetooth it to my computer as well so I can email it to those womenfolk  at Malmstrom. Show me once more how you do it...”
Mike more confidently transferred another copy of the video to John’s computer.
“Yep. It’s worked... See...There it is on your desktop... Ready to email to the ladies... And Daniel MacIntyre... If I can find out where he’s stationed.”
“I might know a way,” said John casually. “A friend of mine is a computer wiz and he taught me a few shortcuts on my computer. Want me to teach you them? Since you taught me how to bluetooth video files.”
“Sounds like we’re gonna both miss out on dinner.”
John chuckled.
“Here... first of all you click on this wings icon on the toolbar which brings up the searchbox... Then you type in #777# and press enter.”
Mike let out a low whistle.
“That’s some shortcut... Yikes! I think we’re in the Airforce mainframe... Are you sure you’re friend’s not a hacker?”
John resisted the temptation to crack up.
“Okay... same procedure but this time type #AFG# - short for Afghanistan - Go ahead... you do it.”
Raised eyebrows. Mike slowly keyed #AFG#.
“Now type in Daniel’s name... It’ll probably be easier to type if you sit down...”
Mike fumbled for the office chair as he stared unblinkingly at the monitor.
“I dunno who your computer wiz friend is John, but this has to be a breach of Section 8!”
“You sound like Ryan.”
“I’m serious. I’m pretty sure we shouldn’t be able to access this database... This has brought up Daniel’s dog tag number... his next of kin... his blood type... his unit’s contact details...”
“You wanted his unit’s contact details didn’t you?” asked John casually.
“Yes... But what if someone finds out we’ve accessed this database from your computer?”
“I’ll tell them that Gordon’s programme works!” laughed John. “That’s why he wrote it. So multiple databases could be accessed intuitively by people with basic computer skills.”
“People with basic computer skills who want to scare themselves silly,” muttered Mike.
John chuckled and leant over Mike’s shoulder. He placed his hand on top of Mike’s and took control of the mouse. Mike tried to stay focused.
John rested his chin on Mike’s shoulder as he clicked and typed away. Mike forced himself to tolerate the invasion of his personal space. 
“Relax,” coaxed John softly, as he attached the video to the email.
“You’re breathing in my ear!”
“Well this is how a horse says ‘let’s get to know each other,’ isn’t it? He gets right into your personal space like this... and sniffs and sighs... and smooches... and nudges you like this until you’re comfortable around him!”
Mike tried to curb his embarrassment.
“And when you’re trying to join up with a lead colt you use similar tactics don’t you?” continued John.
“Well this lead colt is still not sure what to make of the herd of wild stallions he’s started running with,” retorted Mike.
An amused grin from John. 
“There...we’ll just add a quick note with the video attachment so Daniel knows it’s not spam...” said John, tapping away on the keyboard. “And while we’re at it we’ll put a little code in the subject line... PR1G4... There... That’s to make sure whoever’s in admin passes the message on Daniel pronto.”
“PR1G4... and... #NAME#...  #AFG#... and #777#.  Okay... I’ve reached saturation level... Quick! Let’s turn this computer off before the place is buzzing with MPs!”
John laughed and plonked himself down on the edge of the chair Mike was sitting on. Mike wriggled over to make more room for him. He watched him open up compose mail again.
“What are you doing now?” asked Mike with undisguised alarm.
“Just emailing a copy of Newborn Micky to those lead mares at Malmstrom so I stay in their good books.”
Mike watched John’s fingers flying across the keyboard as he attached a copy of the footage to an email and sent it off to four recipients.
“For someone who can’t bluetooth a file, you sure can type fast,” he said with a hint of suspicion.
A cheeky grin.
“There... All done.”
“So we’re completely out of whatever we were in?”
“Ah ha.”
“That’s a relief!”
Mike went to get up and paused.
“I wonder...”
“Wonder what?”
“I wonder if your friend set it up so you can pull up information about places as well as people.”
“Got some particular place in mind?”
John watched Mike laboriously key in #Farliga Pass# with two fingers.
“Hey... my hunch was right... It brings up the brochure that the shrink gave me at Malmstrom... Except it’s a bit different... that insignia wasn’t on the brochure... Actually it looks a lot like the insignia of the... nah... that can’t be right... Or could it be? My guts says it could be... I wonder...”
Mike hovered over the insignia and discovered it was a hot link. 
“I wonder what’ll happen if I click on this...”
John’s eyes twinkled but he opted to say nothing.
“Istro-Romanian cryptology branch...” read Mike slowly. “Yupik-Sivuqaq cryptology branch ... And lots of people with foreign sounding names... Knock me down flat... I didn’t expect that!!  I think I’ve accidentally strayed into some spy school’s database. Quick! We’d better close this computer down pronto. Before we have the ISRA after us as well as the MPs! How do we close this thing down without crashing anything important?”
John belly-laughed and shut down the computer.
“You’ve had a full on day Mentor Mike. Come on. Time to refuel eh?” he said, gently steering Mike out of the ops centre and off towards the mess hall.
Ω
“Well I’ll help you make your first decision about your wedding,” said Jake. “I think you should sing that love song you were singing today to Maya on your wedding day...”
Zac chuckled.
“Why’s the song called Echoes of Eden anyway?” asked Maya.
“Well I guess it’s to remind us that as good as the best experience is between lovers - even that’s just an echo of Eden.... it’s not nearly as good as it should be.”
“So you think the Garden of Eden was real?”
“Definitely. Before sin entered the human race there was this perfect reality - the centre of that reality for Adam and Eve at least was the Garden of Eden. Everything lived in peace - animals didn’t fight or kill each other, there was no death, suffering, disease or pain... No obstructions in communication or intimacy between Adam and God... No barricades between Adam and Eve. Their sex lives were perfect - no inhibitions - they were naked but it didn’t bother them. The Garden met their physical, emotional and spiritual needs. It inspired them, triggered creativity, desires... dreams.”
Maya stared off into the flickering flames.
“I wonder what they looked like?”
“Adam was a hunk!” replied Zac.
“How do you know?” laughed Jake.
“Because God’s perfect. And Adam was created in God’s image. And God was pretty pleased with His effort. Then Eve was created from the rib of Adam - so she must have been gorgeous too. Since the Fall there have been heaps of genetic replication errors, mutations and loss of information. Which means each successive generation has been just that little less perfect than the previous generation.”
“That means man’s devolved, not evolved,” mused Jake.
“Yep. Even the strongest, most beautiful people on the planet today don’t match Adam and Eve in appearance, physical stamina and attitude. Adam and Eve were not only physically perfect, but they were emotionally and spiritually perfect too.”
“So if they hadn’t sinned we might still live in Eden?”
“Ah ha. Adam and Eve and their descendents were supposed to remain in Eden with God forever. But then sin entered the human race and people got locked out of the Garden. It was like this parallel existence came into being. Outside the Garden, life was hard and dangerous. And it still is. The Bible says the path their descendents took was wide, well travelled and led to destruction. And only a remnant of Adam’s descendents - those from the line of Noah - even sought that intimacy with God which everyone else had lost.”
“It’s amazing when you think about it. The very ground we are lounging around on right now was covered with water a few thousand years ago.”
“I agree, it’s mind boggling... That remnant survived a worldwide flood - along with a remnant of the animals God had created. God brought those animals to Noah - He handpicked the gene pool which would be carried on. And later God put into action an awesome plan to get things back on track. It involved using his Son Jesus - to bridge the chasm between Him and His creation. Kinda like the rope bridge across the chasm we crossed today...”

Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery. 
And today? Today is a gift. That’s why we call it the present.
-B. Olatunji

Pedro returned from the beach serene. A new flare of determination in his dark eyes. I felt strangely drawn to him.
“Thanks for protecting me,” I said carefully. “I should explain. And I want to... I’m just not sure where to start...”
“When you’re ready,” replied Pedro. “Although I admit I’m curious to know why an international arms dealer and a North Korean Special Forces General are hounding you...” 
“You’ve met Luan and Tarapaca before?” I asked guardedly.
“No. But I know of them. A friend of mine - a scientist - believes General Luan triggered the earthquake in Haiti. With a special weapon.”
I cleared my throat. Dutchy let out a soft moan and embraced Pedro tightly. They conversed softly in their secretive language. I sensed the tête-à-tête was about Maria... And moving on... And me...
I opted to braid Petrina’s hair as she attentively listened to Dutchy and Pedro. I wondered how much of their conversation she understood. And what she felt about all the turmoil around her.
“What now Dochter?” asked Dutchy, as their conversation finished.
My shoulders sagged.
“Stay with us until you decide then,” said Dutchy simply.
Ω
I stayed with them because I felt safe. They drove to a disused industrial shed down on an abandoned part of the wharf. I followed them in Pegasus. I parked her a good distance away from where they stopped their truck... Ready for an unobstructed getaway if necessary. Dutchy walked up and unlocked the padlock. They rolled back the doors on the enormous structure.
“We’ve leased the premises,” explained Pedro. “And bought the decommissioned sea containers inside. There’s a tearoom, electricity and ablutions.”
“You mean there’s hot water?”
“An endless supply!
I sighed extravagantly at the thought of a shower.
“But this area is industrial not residential. What if they catch you living here?”
“They can’t force workers to leave their workplace,” smiled Dutchy.
“Or prevent them sleeping on the job!” grinned Pedro.
“Or prevent us having night-shift and night-watchmen!” added Reece.
“Or stop us offering on-site crèche facilities for our workers!” smiled Prada.
“Or cooking meals for our workers!” added Katja.
I laughed gleefully at their ingenuity.
“We’re planning on living here while we convert some of the sea containers into accommodation. Then we’ll buy a rural property and relocate them there...”
“Some friends of mine... Dave and Jen... run this B & B near Laverton. It’s built from converted sea containers too.”
An unexpected flicker of attention in Dutchy’s eyes. I wondered why.
“I wouldn’t mind seeing it one day,” he replied slowly.
“It’s brilliant inside!” I said enthusiastically. “Actually maybe after you’ve built your own sea container home, you could get into the business of converting sea containers into accommodation for others... You could market the converted containers to mining communities with an accommodation shortage... Or market them as an affordable entry into home ownership in rural areas. And you could create a cyber display village.”
Pedro’s eyes sparkled. He said something incomprehensible to Dutchy as I paused and drew an overdue breath.
“You sound like you’d like to stick around and help us make it happen,” observed Dutchy.
My stomach knotted.
“I’d like to Dutchy. But I don’t know what the future holds...” I faltered.
“None of us do Dochter... Why don’t you bring your car inside? There’s room in here for all our vehicles.”
Ω
I helped them set up their new office area. Everyday office equipment like a desktop and printer. And not-so-everyday equipment - like ham and H.F radio gear, a 15kW inverter and sophisticated weather monitoring equipment. I pushed away a sense of déjà vu as I surveyed the communications equipment. Something about their gear felt familiar, but I couldn’t work out what.
I dismissed the sense of familiar as random, and made myself useful by helping Dutchy swa in the H.F antenna. I knew a bit about H.F. Zac and my Dad were into it big time. I briefly entertained the idea of putting out a call for Zac, but just as quickly dismissed it. I didn’t know what frequency he might be monitoring or using. Or whether he was awake or asleep.
Reece brought us in coffee, then Dutchy walked out the office. Another fleeting impression. Someone was always with me. Were they taking turns at being my bodyguard or was my sixth sense on the skew?
Reece took a sip of his coffee and switched on a small FM radio. It almost looked out of place alongside all their other radio gear. He casually flicked through the stations... Sport... Classical music... Eighties music... then squeaky feedback followed by muted hammering. Reece went from laid back to alert in the blink of an eyelid. He frowned and moved the dial slightly. The sound of two women chatting as they chopped veggies. Unmistakeably Prada and Katja. Reece picked up a pen and scrawled something on a piece of paper. He held his finger to his lips and tugged me out the office and towards Pedro. I read the scrawled message he held up...
Listening device. 95 Mhz.
Pedro’s eyes became dark and impenetrable. I followed them around the warehouse as they carried the portable radio. Petrina ran towards us giggling and laughing. Her laughter drowned out Prada’s chatting. Pedro and Reece exchanged silent glances. Reece ran the FM radio around me while Pedro patted me down... I felt like I was being frisked at airport security. Faint hesitation near my chest... Our eyes met each other and he brushed my cheek affectionately. Dutchy walked up. An exchange between the three of them in foreign-speak. They all looked over at Pegasus. Pedro said something to Petrina.
“Play along...” wrote Pedro, holding the paper up to me.
I nodded in agreement.
 Bewildered. Frightened.
“Time to go shopping everyone...” said Dutchy in Spanish.
“Good... We need eggs,” said Katja.
“And soap powder,” I said.
I genuinely needed soap powder.
“Can we buy an ice-cream Mama?” added Petrina, slipping her hand into mine.

Chapter 11

Anxiety doesn’t empty tomorrow of its sorrow.
It only empties today of its strength.
-C. H Spurgeon

The mall was buzzing with squealing kids, harassed mothers and grim, grey-haired mall diners. I held my cappuccino in slightly trembling hands, relishing the warmth of the drink. Fatigue was starting to take its toll. Pedro sat down next to me. I stared at the huge plate of saffron rice and samousas he placed in front of me.
“As delicious as it is, mocha is not a food group. Eat up.”
“You sound like my brother.”
“What does your brother call you?” 
I hesitated. They waited politely for my answer.
“My name’s Hope.”
“Your car is registered in the name of Heidi Cannikin.”
“Heidi’s a pseudonym I use. In my other life...”
“While you’re part of our family Dochter, we’ll call you Hope.”
Part of their family?
The homesickness hit me like a ton of bricks.
“I set the solitary in families,” whispered the Still Small Voice.
I cleared my throat to get rid of the lump that had formed it.
“I didn’t see them near my car... I don’t know when they put the bug in there.”
“They probably put it there when they tagged your roof. Then they located your vehicle from satellite imagery, homed in on the low powered locator beacon, then tuned in to hear anything you said to others while near your car. It’s a fairly standard approach to surveillance.”
“I’m familiar with locator beacons, but not the type with built in listening devices.”
“The range of the listening device they’ve placed in your car is about 200 metres. It’s safe to talk in a noisy environment like this food hall this far from your car.”
“What we’ve got to do is work out how to get rid of them once and for all,” said Dutchy decisively. “Have you spoken to anyone when you’ve been in your car. As Hope?”
“I haven’t used my mobile or Skype... But they might have overheard something you’ve said near my car... Which means they might know that Pedro and I aren’t really married...”
“I don’t think so,” countered Pedro. “They only found you yesterday afternoon. And we’ve been careful too.”
“What do you mean?”
“Pedro noticed the painted cross on the top of your car and voiced his concerns when you first arrived...” explained Dutchy. “As a precaution we’ve held most of our private conversations in Istro-Romanian. And to further confuse anyone eavesdropping we’ve also communicated in Spanish, English, Dutch and Haitian. Anyone listening in probably thinks you’re surrounded by about thirty people, not a handful of adults and children.”
I marvelled at their resourcefulness.
“Even if they’ve recorded our discussions, they still have to determine which linguistically endangered sub-dialect we speak,” resumed Pedro. “And then find a translator. Which is difficult because there are only about 500 native speakers of our dialect in Europe, in two small villages... and the same number again scattered throughout the rest of the world.”
“I think the best plan to get rid of them is to have a conversation confirming that Heidi’s left the country. Near the car,” announced Dutchy.
“Or in the car!” suggested Reece, wriggling his eyebrows expressively.
The conversation slipped from English into Istro-Romanian like a smooth gear change... I opted to read their facial expressions. Which were revealing. Everyone clearly liked Reece’s idea and nodded approvingly. Except for Pedro. The intensity of his headshaking indicated he was mega reluctant.
“What’s the plan?” I asked Pedro, when there was a lull in the babble.
Dutchy grinned and draped a fatherly arm over Pedro’s shoulder. Pedro rubbed his creased brow.
“Reece suggested that we sit in your car then drop information which reconfirms Heidi is no longer in Australia. Then we will vacuum up the bug in the normal course of cleaning the car. And dispose of it in the ocean.”
“But you don’t like the idea?” I probed.
“Reece suggested that we... breathe noisily while we’re chatting in your car. To reconfirm that we’re a married couple.”
He looked stretched. I tried to look neutral.
Silence.
“Hope is not saying anything. She’s frightened about this plan,” argued Pedro.
“Are you sure it’s Hope that’s frightened?” probed Dutchy. “It has been over a year now since you made love to a woman. That’s too long for a man in his prime. It is time to let a woman’s touch awaken your senses again.”
The frankness of their exchange left me reeling. Pedro sighed noisily and broke off eye contact with Dutchy. He reached out and gently rested his hands on my shoulders.
“I promise I will not violate you as we carry out this wild plan, Hope.”
I nodded mutely. 
Pedro redirected his gaze at Dutchy and Reece.
“But I can’t promise not to clobber you two afterwards for putting Hope and me through this!” he scowled.
Their warm laughter echoed around me... It felt eerily familiar. 
Another sense of déjà vu. 
Dutchy’s laughter intermingled with my mother’s. Late at night, after I’d been sent to bed and was pretending to be asleep...
I rubbed my eyes tiredly. 
Sometimes my overactive sixth sense made absolutely no sense at all...

It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world
and moral courage so rare.
-Mark Twain

I systematically looked over Pegasus. She was in dire need of TLC.
“We should clean our new car,” I said. “There’s lots of broken glass in the carpet.”
I spoke in English with a distinct Spanish accent.
“It’ll vacuum up,” replied Pedro with a similar accent. “I rang the auto wreckers. They have a rear window in stock.”
“What about the paint on the roof?”
“We’ll try paint thinners. Or we can respray the roof if the paint doesn’t come off. Don’t worry. With just a little work our new car will be as beautiful as... you.”
I licked my lips nervously.
What if I stuffed up this charade and put them all in danger?
His hands brushed my shoulders, slid down my arms and lingered on my hands before letting go. Waves of warmth echoed from him to me and amplified as they returned to him. I forced myself to keep my train of thought.
“The American journalist. Do you think she really did steal military secrets?”
“Who knows? Who cares? She’s gone. And it’s our car now.”
“It’s a nice car. Nicer than we’ve ever had as a family.”
“Nice to cuddle you in... Perhaps we’ll make our next baby in it.”
I giggled genuinely at his unexpected comment. He laughed deeply. I was faintly aware that we’d both changed gears. Neither of us were feigning the deep breathing now.
Another genuine smile from him. At close range it was a deadly weapon.
I cautiously ran my hand along his chest... exploring the contours. Solid, warm flesh. Hard in all the right places. He responded with a careful caress on my cheekbones. His fingers followed the chain around my neck... He glanced momentarily at the emblem dangling from my chain, then let it drop... I drew a deep breath as his hands slid up into my hair, stroking the nape of my neck... I pressed him closer. Caressed his stomach... Enjoyed the unfamiliar sensation of corded muscles tensing beneath my fingers. His breath came out in a soft, moaning rush.
“We’d better put the brakes on...” he whispered.
“Perhaps later. After we clean the car...” I replied softly.
Ω
Later came. 
We ate a picnic tea outside and watched the sun drop towards the horizon. I drank in my surroundings. Warm happy sounds. Children running along the sand laughing... Warm happy feelings... Katja and Dutchy holding hands. Reece and Prada cuddling. 
Garden Island loomed to my left. A dark silhouette against the orange-tinged sky. We ambled away. Side by side. My fingers brushed his... Tentatively, but unmistakeably intentionally. Surprise mixed with pleasure reflected out of his eyes. He beamed warmly.
He fingered my necklace then examined it closer.
“It’s an unusual emblem on your pendant... It looks like a globe...a lightning bolt... a wing...and a sword and shield... Does it mean something?”
“I don’t know. Mum gave it to me when I went away to college. It was hers - years ago. And the one my brother wears belonged to my Dad.”
“Right.”
He nestled my head in his palms, then kissed behind my neck. An unexpected wave of pleasure drenched me from head to toe. I pressed my body close to his. Every point of contact a bonfire. Hands started to roam. I shivered in response as his hands skimmed lightly across my pelvis. I agonizingly restrained them.
“Sorry. I misread your response,” he said apologetically.
“No you didn’t misread it,” I sighed. “It’s just that my brother seems to have this sixth sense whenever I stretch the rules... He either rings up... or turns up... And I get sprung.”
“So I should expect to meet your brother shortly then?” he grinned.
I giggled girlishly.
“Sorry... It’s hard to explain... We’ve got this abstinence until marriage code of conduct in our family. Dad and Mum say it’s important to get to know the person spiritually before you get to know them physically and all that... It’s such a drag.”
“Well I think you should respect the values your parents have installed in you. It’s not easy being a parent. I speak from experience.”
“Well it’s not easy being a responsible young woman either. You know... Striking the balance between experiencing life and sitting at home playing it safe to keep your parents happy. And I speak from experience.”
He laughed heartily. It took years off his countenance.
“Being chased by militants is your idea of experiencing life Hope?”
“Things kinda got out of control,” I admitted.
“Would you like to genuinely sell us some of your possessions? That way you could buy an airline ticket home to your parents. You’d be safe there.”
I caught his eye and shook my head slowly.
“If you’d made that offer when I first arrived I’d have jumped at it Pedro. But something’s happened inside me in the last few days. I’ve grown to love Petrina like she’s mine. And I feel safe here with you. Actually it’s more than safe... I feel... complete around you. I know I’m not explaining it very well. But it’s like... it’s like I am home...”
Ω
Pedro approached Dutchy with a sober expression.
“I need to talk Vader.”
Dutchy smiled knowingly.
“Do you think it’s a coincidence I’ve met Hope?”
“Coincidences are God’s way of remaining anonymous Pedro. Perhaps He wished to introduce you to another woman who is likeminded and shares your love for Petrina.”
“But I didn’t ask for someone to replace Maria.”
“God is the Giver of good things. Sometimes He likes to surprise us.”
“Hope made my heart soar the moment I lay eyes on her... And I’ve hardly slept thinking about her... She makes me feel so young... so full of optimism again... But I have to be realistic... She’s ten years younger than me. And she’s never had a serious relationship before. What if her family frown on our relationship?”
“Maria was older than you. Did we frown on that Zoon?”
Silence. Katja joined them.
“Would it hurt you Moeder if I remarried? I never want to hurt you.”
“It would be a good thing for you and Petrina.”
“More future Codetalkers!” added Dutchy.
Pedro smiled faintly and rubbed his creased brow.
“That’s the other thing. I need to be careful who I remarry. Who I give my heart to. I like Hope a lot. But becoming further involved with her could jeopardize all our lives. And our work.”
“Why?” 
“Hope’s necklace. She’s wearing the insignia of the U.S Airforce Security Service... She claims it was given to her by her mother. And that her brother wears one given to him by their father. Do you think that’s a coincidence also?”
Dutchy and Katja exchanged thoughtful glances.
“Most enlistees who worked for the Security Service knew about the Codetalkers. But only a handful knew where they were trained and even less know we still exist today and currently operate out of Western Australia.”
“I like Hope very much. But we know she’s a spy. What if she’s really spying on us? We’ve told her we converse in Istro-Romanian. What if she was after information about the code and she’s worked out it’s based on Istro-Romanian?”
Dutchy shook his head.
“It’s true she’s sitting on a mountain of secrets Zoon. But I don’t think she’s gathering intelligence on us. Nevertheless, now we’re resettled, it’s time to get proactive. Contact your scientist friend - the one who knows about E/M weapons. See if he knows why Luan or Tarapaca might be in Western Australia hounding a young woman. And I’ll update the other Codetalkers. And see what I can get out of Hope...”

Kind words can be short and easy to speak,
but their echoes are truly endless
-Mother Theresa

Dutchy contacted several of his children on the H.F. Informal foreign-speak. Full of laughter. Then Pedro triggered a cell call and started tapping away in Morse. Someone replied back. Pedro responded. The intense exchange of Morse continued. Dutchy listened in. Their expressions grew serious as the minutes ticked by. I grew bored and ambled outside...
Ω
“Sorry to wake you Sir. A Morse message is coming in on the Australian frequency. We missed the first part of it because the man finishing his duty happened to be waking the man starting his duty when the message started. But Charlie’s taking it down now. So we should get most of it.”
“Well part of a message is better than none at all.”
“Sir - I’m sorry I didn’t organize to have a team of two on duty all night as Article 16.9 recommends. You said to ensure the frequency was monitored 24/7, but we only touched on surveillance at the Academy, so I didn’t realize until now that Article 16.9 should really have been taken as a directive.”
John Cunningham smiled.
“Well everyone else on your roster started out as a ditty bopper, so they knew that anyway. Even if you didn’t.”
“Ditty bopper?”
“Ditty boppers worked for the U.S Airforce Security Services during the cold war era. They chased those Morse dits and dahs all over the ether and intercepted and transcribed messages. The unbreakable rule was, someone was always in front of that console 24/7 - whether a directive had been given or not.”
“Thankyou Sir.”
Silence. Ryan went to say something then hesitated.
“Is there something else?”
“I’ve been wondering... Yesterday morning...You could have pulled Section 30 on me before the civilians attempted the bridge. Why didn’t you?”
“I came close to doing so, because I had no idea of the capabilities of the civilians. But then I saw the team’s display of initiative as they prepared to cross the Pass without our help, and I decided to go with your decision.”
“Even though you knew my decision was poor?”
“Farliga Pass is not intended for civilians Ryan. Nevertheless this team of civilians are obviously benefitting from the experience. Particularly young Zac Canney. I’ve discovered why he’s a Cat 1 P & P and the courage you helped him find yesterday could save his life one day. So in that respect your decision was apposite.”
“I did something right?” beamed Ryan.
John noted Ryan’s response with interest.
“When the Australians finish their transmission, bring me back the decoded message in person...”
“Yes Sir. See you shortly.”
Ω
Twilight. I sat outside watching the waves gently lap the jetty. A shadow loomed over me. I jumped with fright and stifled my scream.
“You’re safe Dochter,” soothed Dutchy.
I exhaled noisily. Dutchy sank down beside me. I stared out at the silhouette of Garden Island. Fighting off my despair.
Silence.
“What would you do if you knew there was a catastrophe looming Dutchy?”
“Catastrophes are evidence of the whole of creation groaning Dochter.”
“Some are. But I take objection to avoidable manmade catastrophes. Like the Holocaust. And terrorist activities. And abortion... Einstein said, the world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing. I can’t look on and do nothing Dutchy.”
Dutchy nodded slowly.
“So is General Luan hounding you because you know about a potential manmade catastrophe?” he probed.
“Yes. But I don’t know how to contact the only person I know who might be able to help me stop it.”
“I understand.”
“The Morse message... Has Pedro’s friend heard of General Luan?”
“Yes. He wanted to know if you met General Luan in Haiti?” 
“No... I’ve never been there. Zac has though.”
“Zac?”
“My brother. He was in Haiti with a team of geophysicists after the quake. They helped with the rescue effort... I wish I knew where he was Dutchy. He’d know what to do.”
Dutchy rubbed his chin contemplatively.
“So the person who might be able to stop this catastrophe is your brother Zac and he’s a scientist?”
“Yes. That’s why I came to the hostel. Zac made me memorize the address. He said it was a safehouse. I thought he might have friends there - scientists who knew where he was or friends he trusts. But they must have moved on by the time I got there, because there weren’t any scientists there. Just you guys. And I can’t contact Zac. And I don’t know who else to trust.”
A pensive silence.
“As children, Katja and I were hidden by Christians for three years. Transferred from safehouse to safehouse. I’ve never forgotten what it’s like to be hounded... And not sure who to trust Dochter.”
I moistened my lips.
“Dutchy - the scientist Pedro knows. Would you trust him if you were in my position?”
“He saved Pedro and Petrina’s lives. I trust him.”
“I don’t know how to send Morse code. Could Pedro send him a message for me?”
“What would you like him to say?”
“Tell him General Luan plans to interrogate the JORN network and use a sat based E/M weapon against a U.S warship while it’s undergoing maintenance here at Garden Island. On the 27th . At 9 pm. Except his demonstration could generate a natural disaster here in Perth - similar to the earthquake in Haiti. Because the Darling Scarp is a fault-line.”
Dutchy rubbed his bushy eyebrows with gnarled fingertips and pushed his aging frame into standing position.
“I must go and pass your information on to Pedro’s friend, before the grayline propogation band dissolves. Come inside with the others and we’ll light a fire. We’ll keep you safe, Dochter.”

Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility.
-Dietrich Bonhoeffer

“Sir. A transcript of the message as you requested.”
John Cunningham briefly perused the message and whistled softly.
“Well now we know why they were in such a devil of a hurry to get out, it’s time to step in and assist them... I might just make a few phone calls to organize air transport back to Australia for them...What do you reckon? Does seven hours from now sound about right to you?”
“Yeah. Gives them another few hours shut eye, and time to have breakfast and a shower.”
John picked up Ryan’s change in attitude but said nothing.
“I was thinking,” ventured Ryan. “We could surprise them by joining them for breakfast. Wake ‘em up with the smell of bacon and eggs. They must be pretty short of grub by now.”
John Cunningham chuckled.
“What?” said Ryan a little defensively.
“You’re slipping up Ryan... I’ve violated Section 28 and you haven’t pulled me up. And now you’re suggesting we violate Section 26!”
“These civilians are trying to assist our country’s armed forces. And Mike’s helped me realize that the rules are guidelines - not hard and fast regulations. It’s important to exercise commonsense as a leader. Even if the rules need to be bent. Or broken...”
“You don’t know how happy I am to hear you say that pup.”
Silence.
“Pop the kettle on.”
“Sir?”
“The kettle... You know... The thing over there on the bench that boils water.”
“But this is your private quarters Sir. I’m not supposed to be in here except to report to you.”
“The rules are guidelines remember? It’s okay to bend them. Or even break them...”
Ryan smiled cautiously.
“Would you like me to make you a drink Sir?”
“Do you like Milo?”
“Yes. I haven’t had it for years though... Since I was a kid.”
“That long eh? Top cupboard. On the right. Marshmallows are in the jar next to the Milo.”
“Okay.”
John Cunningham stoked the fire. Ryan brought the Milos over.
“Well don’t just stand there. Plonk yourself down and take your boots off.”
“My boots?” 
“You can’t relax by the fire sipping Milo with your boots on.”
John waited until Ryan had removed his boots, then he pushed the footrests up. The lights dimmed, then went out altogether.
“The generator must have gone down. I’ll go see...”
“Relax. The lights are controlled with this remote. See? Bright light... candlelight... firelight... Dave installed the setup years ago. He reckoned it was mood lighting to romance Jen by.”
“Dave?”
“Lieutenant Colonel David Hopkins. He pioneered the leadership fitness programme here at the Farliga Pass. About 35 years ago... He focused on something which you can’t teach, but a good leader must learn.”
“What’s that?”
“Leadership by example.”
“Like Professor Canney’s been doing?”
“Ah ha.”
John dimmed the lights again. Silence. Ryan cleared his throat softly.
“I learnt something else about leadership today. Not from the Professor, but from you... It’s the responsibility of a leader to shape the debate. I watched you steer the conversation when Jed mouthed off. And take the pressure off Mike so he felt free to spill his guts. And you coaxed Paul to open up...”
“...and put the pressure on you until you finally vented off!”
“I wasn’t gonna mention that.”
“Why? Are you worried about a conduct violation?”
“Nah. You’ve got broad enough shoulders to handle a pup yapping at you.”
John laughed warmly and feigned a cuff at Ryan.
“You’re a different pup at night you know...”
Silence.
John waited, sensing his patience would be rewarded.
“I didn’t want to be assigned here,” said Ryan cautiously.
“I’d gathered that... Like to tell me why?”
Ryan hesitated.
“You’re about my father’s age. And I hate him.”
“Hmmm... I can’t do anything about my age... Out of curiosity though, why do you hate your dad?”
“He’d come home drunk and bash mum all the time. Until he...”
Ryan jumped to his feet. Lips trembling and fists clenched. John wordlessly grabbed Ryan’s hands and gently unclasped his fingers. 
“Sorry I didn’t live next door to you. I would have helped you both out.”
Ryan looked self-consciously towards the door like a cornered animal.
“I... I have to go.”
“You’re free to leave. But if you stay, I believe you’ll leave free.”
John pushed the couch back into sleeping position. He unrolled two sleeping bags and joined them together to make a share bag then clambered in. Ryan stared at him uncomfortably.
“It’s not what happens to a man, but what a man does with the experience that matters. You can remain bitter or get better... The choice is yours.”
Ryan drew a noisy breath and shook his head.
“I can’t do what you’re asking me to do. It’s... impossible!”
“Hey, it’s kinda fun to attempt the impossible every now and then, don’t you agree?”
“But this is breaking every rule in the book!”
“I know. That’s why we’re doing it.”
Silence. John switched off the light. Ryan stared into the flickering flames and drew another noisy breath.
“You know... every accomplishment starts with a decision to try.”
Ryan warily climbed in next to John, distancing himself as far as possible from him.
“Well that took ya long enough!” chuckled a voice from the corner. “Are you homophobic or something?”
Ryan swore softly.
“Mornin’ Charlie... Looking for me?” asked John melodiously.
“Nah. I knew where you’d be. I was looking for your sack-mate actually... He was taking so long to come back I thought he might’ve been attacked by a drop bear.”
“Nah. Just Father Bear... There’s a lot of noise over there for this time of the night. What’s cooking?”
“Dutchy’s sent two messages on our immediate attention frequency. One is a request to advise all the code-talkers currently on assignments to use the replacement terms Baas for General Luan Ain Quong and Handelaar for Carlos Stefan Tarapaca until further notice...”
“Hmmm... That’s an interesting coincidence. What was the other matter?”
“It’s for the urgent attention of Kiviuq and Helen because Dutchy can’t raise them. Two of their P & P sleepers have got entangled in the Garden Island affair and will need backup...”
“Hmmm... Two interesting coincidences.”
“We’ve already acknowledged both Dutchy’s messages and acted on them. Rod’s awaiting a response from Kiviuq. And Paul’s monitoring the H.F.”
“Paul, eh?”
“Apparently he’s a ham enthusiast... He woke up during the shift change and heard the message coming in through his window. So he jotted it down to practice his Morse. Then he came over and timidly asked me if I’d check his transcript of the exercise. I explained the message wasn’t an exercise and we were grateful ‘coz we’d missed the start of it. He looked pleased as punch. So I invited him to join us for the rest of the night...”
“Paul’s helping you?” frowned Ryan. “But he was...”
Ryan’s voice trailed off.
“Go on,” coaxed John softly.
“He was freaked out when Mike and I came back from Malmstrom. He wanted us to hike out of the Park with him. He had his things packed and everything.”
“Hmmm... Did he tell Mike or you why he wanted to do a runner?” asked John.
“He found you and the others in an Electronic Security Command photo in the mess hall... And he also spotted you and Charlie with hippy hairstyles - swimming with some other hippies from the Security Services photos... He was worried that he’d discovered something classified about you all. But Mike said he was sure you would have hidden the photos if it was too classified. And then he asked Mike what he should do and Mike said, unpack.”
Charlie broke into a huge grin.
“Yes! We’ve finally found someone with Jen’s facial recognition abilities. And to think he slipped through our radar twice because of his blood group...”
“Third time lucky. He’s gonna need mentoring until he feels comfortable around us... I wonder if Mike would be prepared to hang around and help us? Paul obviously looks up to him...” 
“Mike’s one jump ahead of you!” grinned Charlie. “After tea, Paul caught us out massaging each other in Jed’s room and tore out the door. Then he came back in, dragging Mike... Mike sussed us out for a while, then started copying what we were doing on Paul.”
“Way to go Mike! Did you join in the fun Ryan?” asked John.
“It was my turn to monitor the H.F after tea.”
“Would you have joined us?” probed Charlie.
“Maybe. Since Mike’s sixth sense said what you were doing wasn’t sus.”
Soft laughter. Ryan caught Charlie’s eye.
“You didn’t freak Mike out too much, did you Charlie?”
“Is your sixth sense telling you I did?”
“I still haven’t worked out the sixth sense thing. But I’ve worked out that Mike’s good at hiding his fear... You can’t tell it from his face or his voice. But his carotid artery gives him away. It becomes prominent and you can see it beating when he’s stressed. And he got stressed big time at dinner.”
“Picking up what others are feeling is part of learning how to tune into your sixth sense. What were you all talking about when you noticed Mike was stressed anyway?” 
“It seemed random,” shrugged Ryan. “Mike asked Paul whether he knew what PR1G4 meant in the subject line of an email, and Paul told him it meant it was a priority 1 message from a 4 star General. And Mike choked on his coffee.”
Charlie eyed John with feigned rebuke.
“Well if that ain’t the pot calling the kettle black!”
John chuckled deeply.
“I just tossed out some bait to see if I could get a nibble... Sorry Ryan... Go on.”
“Um... Well then Mike drew a sketch on a serviette and asked Paul and me if we knew what it was. I told him I was pretty sure it was the ISRA insignia and he rubbed his forehead like he had a headache.”
Dancing eyes.
“And then what happened?”
“Then I went and got some more ice-cream, but I could hear Mike and Paul talking.”
“What were they saying?”
“Mike thinks Farliga Pass is really a secret training centre for the ISRA. And Paul thinks he’s right because everyone here seems to have a background in Intelligence.”
“So what do you think?” asked John gently.
“I think they’re both trippin’.”
“It’s okay to say what you really feel Ryan.”
Silence.
“I don’t get any of this!” blurted out Ryan. “This place is supposed to be a fitness retreat for Airforce personnel to de-stress!”
“You sound stressed, Captain!” tormented Charlie.
John stifled his grin. Ryan eyed him astutely.
“Mike and Paul are right about this place being a training ground for the ISRA, aren’t they?”
“Well... it’s more like a proving ground.”
“But it can’t be! Everyone’s so... unmilitary!”
“I resent that! We’ve been on our best military behaviour all week!” chirped Charlie.
“Your best military behaviour?” echoed Ryan tensely.
“Well... almost. Except for one minor slip-up Mike might’ve told you about. It was just a little horseplay in the bathroom... you know...letting off steam... We ain’t queer or anythin’.”
John grinned and feigned a cuff at Charlie. Ryan eyed the door panic-stricken and tried to bolt from the sleeping bag. Both men simultaneously restrained him. 
“Bad idea to go into flight mode around here at night pup,” advised Charlie solemnly. “You might fall down a cliff and break your neck.”
“You can’t make me to stay here with you!” bristled Ryan, struggling to break free.
“We can order you to stay here Captain... but we’d prefer you to choose to stay here with us,” replied John gently.
Ryan stopped struggling and drew several calming breaths.
“All previous directives rescinded Charlie. I need your help pearl harvesting.”
Charlie laughed roguishly.
“Shove over Baby Bear. Big Mama Bear’s hopping in too... Pearl harvesting you say, John?”
“Yep. A pearl is a beautiful thing that’s produced from an injured life. This particular pearl was produced by a father who kept using his kid as a football whenever he tried to defend his mother.”
“How do you know that?” blurted out Ryan.
“I looked over your medical records before you arrived and noticed evidence of nine fractures to different parts of your body. I thought that was excessive given you’d never been in active combat, so I snooped a bit and discovered there was no record of you having been treated or hospitalized for any of the fractures...”
Ryan’s lips trembled. Charlie raised his eyebrows.
“By this stage I was curious, so Fiona and I contacted the family doctor nominated on your enlistment documents. He told us your mother was dead following a domestic violence incident... And that you’d run away from your father as a twelve year old... Five years ago...”
Ryan’s backlog of fury and pain came out in a sudden, gut-wrenching sob.
“Well that explains a thing or two,” said Charlie compassionately.


Chapter 12

Experience is not what happens to a man.
It is what a man does with what happens to him.
-Aldous Huxley

“I’ll pack my things and leave with the civilians in the morning Sir,” faltered Ryan.
“Why?”
“Because I faked my age and forged my dad’s signature when I joined the Airforce. That’s a violation of Section 1 punishable by compulsory discharge and possible prosecution Sir.”
“That’s news to me. Section 1’s missing from my rulebook. Dave tore it out years ago. How about your rulebook Charlie?”
“Whole book’s missing. I think Dave tossed it off the rope bridge the first time I took the Pass.”
“You’re not going to raise a violation of Section 1 against me?”
“Who am I to stand in the way of someone who may end up being another Farragut or Washington?” replied John.
“Sir?”
“U.S. Navy Admiral David Farragut was given command of his first ship at age 12... Major George Washington was a principle negotiator throughout the French and Indian War at 21... Captain Ryan Adams has graduated from the Academy with first class honours at 17, even though technically he’s too young to get into the Academy to start his training yet...”
“Are you going to tell the Academy?”
“No.”
“Thankyou Sir. I’m grateful.”
Silence.
“So what are you gonna do with me?”
John’s eyes twinkled. He rubbed his chin slowly.
“Well... since you’ve managed to slip through every other Airforce background and security check, I think the most appropriate action is to pretend you’ve slipped through our entrance checks as well. Having said that, if at any time in the future you change your mind and decide you don’t want to be part of what’s happening here or you want a taste of life outside the Airforce, Charlie or I will authorize an immediate discharge for you.”
“An immediate discharge? But that means you’re both two star Generals!”
His tone was mega-scared.
“Or you might even be a higher rank!” continued Ryan wide-eyed.
“Uh oh, Airman John... Now the pup’s onto us as well!” chortled Charlie. 
John chuckled then eyed Ryan.
 “Let’s not worry about anybody’s rank Ryan. Let’s just say we can pull a few strings because we’re old timers...”
“Are you saying I’m old, Father Bear?” roared Charlie.
He playfully started rumbling with John, then both men drew Ryan into the rumble.
“What are you doing?” smiled Ryan, embarrassed.
“Laughter’s like medicine to the soul,” retorted Charlie.
“Feeling better pup?” added John.
 Ryan drew a deep breath.
“I always knew I’d probably get sprung one day. I never thought it’d happen when I was sharing a sleeping bag with two Generals though.”
“Well technically you got sprung a week ago,” replied John. “I knew how old you were before you arrived, remember?”
“The rest of us didn’t!” grinned Charlie. “He just told us you might freak out, and we had to be on our best behaviour until you found your feet...”
“Your best behaviour?”
“Yeah, you know... no rumbling, hugging, massaging, dancing or anything else that might be misinterpreted by you as gay, kai, queer, weird, screwy or threatening, ‘til John thought you could handle it.”
“You mean you’ve all gone out of your way to help me fit in?”
“You’re worth the effort Ryan,” replied John.
Silence.
“You’re talking like you actually think I’m going to be able to make a contribution here, instead of just being some fungus.”
“If they can make penicillin out of mouldy bread, what do you think your potential is?”
“But how can I help train ISRA recruits? I don’t have any field experience. Or life experience... And almost every decision I’ve made so far has been a mistake... You both know that.”
“Anything else you want to add to that list of negatives, pup?” ventured Charlie.
“Yes. I used to be the smartest in my class. Here, I’m dumb compared to everyone else... I don’t even know what an endorphin rush is. I just know it’s something embarrassing, ‘coz I tried to ask Paul what it was and his ears went red.”
John and Charlie grinned.
“Hmmm... We’ll have to tell those old timers at the Academy to include a core unit in physiology in the curriculum, eh?”
“So endorphins are something to do with sex?”
“That’s a brave question to ask when you’re stuck in a sleeping bag with two Generals.” 
“I figure I can’t get any more embarrassed than I already am, anyway.”
Soft laughter.
“Well let’s see... Endorphins are chemicals in your body that give you a natural high and a feeling of well being... They can also temporarily relieve pain.”
“During sex?”
“Sex releases endorphins. But so do other things. The runner’s high you get after exercise is due to endorphins... So is the euphoria you get after achieving something hard. Like crossing the rope bridge.”
“So endorphins are something to do with strenuous activity?”
“Pushing yourself to the limit can release endorphins,” replied John. “But less stressful activities can release them too. For instance endorphins are released when you get a massage... or when you laugh your head off... Or when you reach a long-desired personal goal...”
“And prayer and meditation can release endorphins. Even eating chocolate can release endorphins...” added Charlie.
“Sounds random. I think I’ll research endorphins in the medical library. Or ask Fiona. Just to make sure Father and Mother Bear aren’t giving Baby Bear a bum steer.”
Raucous belly-laughter.
“Hmmm... Do you remember Baby Bear being so wary in the story of the three bears, Mama Bear?”
“Been a while since I heard the story. But I’m pretty sure baby bears are supposed be cuddly. Maybe we should cuddle this one a bit. To release some endorphins.”
Charlie flopped an arm across Ryan’s chest. John tousled his hair. Ryan lay stiffly between them.
“Baby Bear’s heart-rate has red-lined Father Bear... I think he needs a bed time story about mateship so he doesn’t feel quite as threatened by our bear hugs.”
“Got one in mind Mama Bear?”
“You know which one I’ve got in mind!”
John laughed.
“Well... once there was this legend of a man named Kiviuq, who used to drop bear in here once or twice a year...”  
“The Kiviuq that you’re trying to contact?” asked Ryan cautiously.
“Ah ha.”
“So why is he a legend?”
“Well... among other things, he saved my life when both my chutes failed.”
Undisguised interest.
“Both chutes?” 
“Yep. At the time, I was training Special Forces back at Malmstrom... I’d made dozens of uneventful jumps previously. On this particular day I was training a group of blokes who were part of the Air Force Security Service. Most of the group were reconnaissance and they’d jumped before. Kiviuq was different. It was his first time in a plane...and his first jump... and to top it off he was one of the most irreplaceable people in the Security Service at that time, because he was a walking-talking codebook.”
“So you were supposed to be taking extra care of him?”
“Ah ha. Kiviuq was like an excited kid about his first flight. He was peering through the aircraft windows, admiring the path of rivers and spotting eagles nests... When it came time to jump, he followed the others out... no hint of nerves... And I was right behind him. When my first chute didn’t open, my heart rate shot up but I was composed enough to pull my second chute. But when that didn’t open...”
“... you shat your dacks, right?”
John and Charlie laughed.
“It’s true what they say about time slowing when you’re looking death in the face... All these memories of things I’d done - and shouldn’t have done - replayed in my mind like they’d happened yesterday. And I felt a sense of regret - that I’d achieved a lot less than I could have...”
John cleared his throat softly.
“I remember praying, God - Help me. I don’t want to die yet... as I plunged down. I was closing rapidly on Kiviuq. I could see him rubbernecking - still taking in the view. Then he looked up. Directly at me. I’ve heard him retell what he experienced as he looked up and realized I was in trouble. Curiously he always says that time slowed for him too. And that he asked God to help him too... Then God dropped into his spirit what course of action to take.”
“Dropped into his spirit? You mean, like Mike’s sixth sense thing?”
“Yes, but stronger than that... More like a directive from a five star General.”
“Wow! So what did he do?” breathed Ryan.
“Obeyed the directive... With only milliseconds to respond, he managed to remember how to steer his chute towards my drop path, and partially break my fall before I bounced off his chute... As I tumbled past him, Kiviuq reached out and hooked the strings of my useless chute and tangled them around his legs and forearms. I felt myself jolt violently and we both fell together for several hundred feet. His chute was damaged where I’d hit it and I knew our descent was still too fast for either of us to survive intact. I prayed “God help!” again. And as I did, Kiviuq miraculously managed to release his damaged chute and reach the pull ring of his reserve chute... It opened up above us... we both rocked unsteadily, then slowed to a regular descent speed.”
John drew a deep breath.
“The euphoria I experienced at that moment was indescribable... I knew intuitively we had a fighting chance of making it... I glanced up. I could see Kiviuq’s forearms were bleeding, where the chute cords were wrapped taut around them... and his face was contorted with pain and effort.”
“Phew!”
“I hardly knew him, but it was like we thought as one. I closed up the distance between us by clambering up my chute cords like they were a rope ladder. And Kiviuq swung himself forward into a face down position and hooked his legs under me then boosted me onto his lap. I clung to him with my arms around his neck like a frightened kid. About then the adrenalin kicked in and I started shaking uncontrollably and I could hardly hold onto him. And he grinned at me and yelled, ‘You know Major, where I come from, Mama Bear cuddles her cub like this.’” 
John laughed at the memory.
“And then he wrapped his arms and legs around me and hugged me. Like this...”
John pressed Ryan closely to his chest.
“And we bear hugged each other until we were about ten foot from the ground... It was one of the sloppiest tandem landings in Airforce history, but we both walked away from it. Dave Hopkins happened to be at Malmstrom stocking up on supplies. He saw the whole thing happen and was the first to reach us. He helped patch us up, then whisked us both away to Farliga Pass.”
“To keep an eye on you for delayed shock?”
“Ah ha. Dave was one of those blokes that just seemed to know what a person needed... how much pressure they could handle... what type of glue they needed so they wouldn’t fall apart...”
Another reminiscent smile.
“Dave told his family we were joining them for a sleepover... Jen read between the lines and put on a damper... and his kids toasted marshmallows around the fire... Then a bit later, out came the sleeping bags... Dave turned them into two oversized share bags... And then he started massaging me as we talked by the fire. I’d never really had a massage before... I’d always felt a bit threatened about the idea... But I could just feel the tension dripping away... Then Dave’s kids started imitating their Dad and tried to massage Kiviuq. And Kiviuq laughed and said they were tickling him... About then, one of them noticed Kiviuq’s bandaged arms under his shirt. And the oldest one told the youngest that it must have been a bear attack. And that made the youngest one cry... And Kiviuq told him not to worry because it was a drop bear that had got him, and drop bears didn’t live up at Farliga Pass... Then Dave’s middle son pushed for more information about drop bears. So Kiviuq spun this yarn that in Alaska, the baby drop bears use the Northern Lights as slippery slides... And the Mama Bears catch them before they hit the ground... and the Father Bears cuddle them better if they hurt themselves in the playground... He had everyone in stitches... And I remember thinking how cleverly Kiviuq had changed the kids’ focus and diffused their fear. Then Dave’s kids got into their sharebag with Jen. And Father Bear Dave got into the other bag with Kiviuq and me... and wrapped his arm around us both and cuddled us.”
Silence.
“And then what happened?”
“I was gonna leave that bit out!” grinned John.
“But you can’t!”
John and Charlie laughed.
“Well... then I blubbered all over Dave’s chest! I apologized and told him I didn’t even know why I was crying...  I was just so glad to be alive. And the three of us talked about life and death... and what God wanted for our lives as enlisted men...”
“And then what happened?”
“Nothing. I fell asleep because I was exhausted. Although Kiviuq and Dave kept chatting while everyone else was snoring around them. For hours they reckon...”
“And three bears sleepovers have been part of the Farliga Pass tradition ever since?”
“That’s right Baby Bear.”
“Did Dave give you chocolate?”
“I don’t remember. Why?”
“Well he was massaging you... and encouraging laughter... and cuddling you... and those things release endorphins, right?”
“You know... nobody’s ever pointed that out to me before. I’ll have to ask Dave one day whether he was following instinct or if it was something he’d read about.”
Silence.
“The message Dutchy asked you to relay. What’s a sleeper?”
“Anyone who’s been trained as a Codetalker but is not actively working for the ISRA is called a sleeper.”
“But we were taught at the Academy that encrypting computer technology had replaced Codetalkers.”
“The Navajo Codetalkers operations were declassified in 1968. And encrypting computer technology is used for transferring sensitive information between bases. But out in the field, transmitting and replying to voices still remains faster than encrypting, coding and decoding a message.”
“So the ISRA still use Codetalkers?” breathed Ryan.
“Yes. However their existence and operations have a Cat 1 classification. So if you’re ever asked, encrypting computer technology has replaced Codetalkers.”
Silence.
“Are you drowning pup?”
“Nah. Just thinking... Maybe Professor Canney knows Kiviuq.”
A pause.
“Why do you think that?” asked John softly.
“Well he’s from Alaska, and so is Kiviuq...  And we know he’s involved in the Garden Island affair, and Dutchy wants to contact Kiviuq about the Garden Island affair... And we know he has a Cat 1 P & P military classification even though he’s a civilian. And even you thought that was curious...”
“I did?”
“I remember the expression on your face.”
“Hmmm... Our pup might be under-age, but he’s sharp,” murmured Charlie.
“And if all those coincidences aren’t enough, Professor Canney knows how to join sleeping bags. So maybe Kiviuq taught him.”
“They all could have just been cold and he was preventing them getting colder...”
“Then they would’ve just put on extra clothes like unrelated adults normally do on a hike. Present company excepted.”
John’s eyes danced.
“Maybe they were scared of drop bears!” quipped Charlie.
Ryan laughed freely.
“So how do you explain that he knows about German sniper ladders? And how to craft the pulley? Those skills are straight out of the Security Services training manual.”
“How do you know?”
“I was reading Chapter 6 on my shift tonight. While you were introducing the massage techniques from Chapter 12 to Mike and Paul.”
Charlie eyed John.
“If he’s like this when he’s pretending to be 23, what’s he gonna be like when he’s really 23?”
“Incorrigible.”
“So you both know there is a connection between Kiviuq and Professor Canney, but the gen’s classified, right?”
“It’s way past your bed-time Baby Bear...”
“I bet I know what the connection is! I’m gonna ask the Professor, or Kiviuq, when I get to meet them... And see if my sixth sense is right.”
Charlie feigned snoring.
“I’m gonna have to work out how to get secrets out of you old timers. It’s like you’ve told me a whole lot, but absolutely nothing at the same time.”
John smiled faintly.
“We’ll explain more when we know more Baby Bear. For now, let’s get some shut eye before Operation Breakfast, eh?”
Ω
Reece lit a fire in a 44 gallon drum. I drew strength from the flickering flames. Katja handed me a hot chocolate. I sipped on it with relish.
“Did Pedro’s friend understand the message?” I asked Dutchy when they returned.
“Yes. He’s going to work out a plan with his scientist friends. He’s interested to know how you discovered General Luan’s plan however.” 
I drew a deep breath.
“My brother’s a geophysicist. He travels around the world, investigating whether natural disasters have been man-generated. And sometimes I tail him around. Taking photos and writing about the incidents he’s been investigating. I also work alongside other investigative journalists. Which is what I was doing when I was investigating the man-made tremors that hit Perth last month.”
“How do you know the tremors were man-made?” asked Prada.
“E/M tremors are often accompanied by other newsworthy events. Fireballs, UFO-like sightings, flocks of dead birds, schools of dead fish...”
“That’s happened a lot lately in W.A,” ventured Katja.
“Not just in W.A. Think back to what’s happened worldwide in the last few years. Multiple bird and fish deaths all over the globe at the start of 2011. Followed by some of the largest earthquakes in recent history in places like Japan and Alaska... And more this year in Indonesia.”
I moistened my lips.
“The military have been experimenting with E/M weather modification for at least sixty years. The technology’s been used to facilitate troop movements. And weapons research has been conducted in this state for years, in remote places like Exmouth, Broome, Tom Price and Laverton. But using a satellite to cause electronic havoc in a city the size of Perth is a new twist. Last month’s tests also generated earthquakes, volcanic eruptions and wild storms on the Pacific Coast... The worst they’ve experienced in 20 years...”
“...because scalar weapons can be used to trigger natural disasters on the opposite side of the world, and the Pacific Coast is geographically opposite Western Australia,” finished Pedro. 
I nodded. Surprised he understood.
“There was a temporary increase locally in ultra low frequency radio signals about a month before the tests,” added Reece. “The same happened before the earthquake in Haiti. The DEMETER spacecraft picked up a 360% increase in ultra low frequency radio signals...”
“Not many people understand the science behind detecting man-made quakes,” I said, eyeing Pedro and Reece curiously.
“If Luan’s demonstration is successful, Australia’s bilateral agreement with the U.S military might be stretched... That could make things difficult for us,” murmured Dutchy. 
“An E/M generated natural disaster would make things difficult for us domestically as well,” added Katja in a wavering voice.
All eyes turned towards Katja. 
“It has been a tumultuous week my treasure. Moving from our hostel with so many wonderful memories. But we’ll create new memories in this new place...”
Dutchy kissed Katja passionately on the cheek. She exhaled emotionally.
“Don’t fear tomorrow. We have a store-house of food in the sea container... there are fish in the ocean... and fruit to glean from trees nearby.”
“And I can set up a hydroponic garden,” offered Reece.
“And the wheat-silos are within walking distance of here. I noticed there is spilt grain everywhere. And even wheat growing in the vacant land nearby, ready for harvest,” added Pedro.
“And there are lots of seagulls to eat Nana,” piped up Riley.
Everyone laughed.
“He cares for the sparrow. How much more does He care for us, Moeder?” added Prada.
Listening to them, it slowly dawned on me, that they were deliberately conversing in English for my benefit. Allowing me to get to know them.
“You’re not just migrants doing it tough in Australia are you?” 
Dutchy leaned forward and fingered my necklace. 
“You’re not just a photo-journalist are you?” he countered.
I could feel myself oscillating between fight and flight mode as he eyed me judiciously. I attempted to string words together in response, but nothing came out. Nothing made sense in my world any longer. Pedro wriggled closer and affectionately started braiding my hair. Dutchy smiled at us. I lost my train of thought completely as his fingers brushed my cheek. I glanced at Katja and swallowed. Fighting off the feeling that she was our chaperon. She smiled back approvingly.
“You mentioned the grayline propogation band was nearly dissolved... That places your scientist friend in the GMT -7 time-zone,” I managed to say to Pedro.
“Yes. He’s in Montana at the moment. But he’s coming here to help us protect you. And do something about General Luan’s plans.”
I nodded tiredly. Mega-relieved that other people were prepared to do something about General Luan’s plans. Afraid that this unusual group of migrants might be injured before I could make a break from them. And sad, that I’d have to make a break from them at all, when my heart wanted to stay...

It is a bad plan that admits of no modification.
-Publilius Syrus

Jen Hopkins pointed to the surveillance monitor in alarm.
“It’s them Gordon! I recognize their jeep! What are we going to do without Dave here to help us?”
Gordon drummed his fingertips on the kitchen bench top.
“Hmmm... My original plan to be an onlooking guest that backs you up, won’t work at this time of the night... On the other hand, they don’t know me, so I don’t pose a threat to them... The problem is convincing them that you and Dave aren’t here anymore... Let’s see... The gate they’ve just passed through is about five minutes drive away from the house, right?”
“About that.”
“Listen Jen - I know you’ve always kept me at a distance. But can you handle me closer? Like top to toe? It’ll only be for a few moments.”
“I guess so.”
“Go and slip into the most provocative thing you own and get back here pronto.”
“What?!”
“Make sure you look as different as possible to how you looked the other day when you saw Tarapaca and Luan... You know... heels...flashy earrings... lippy. A wig if you’ve got one...”
Jen watched Gordon strip off his shirt and reach for Dave’s sarong. She clasped her hand over her mouth as he started undoing his belt.
“Jen... Trust me. Quick! Go... You’ve got about three minutes.” 
“O... Okay. I’ll be back.”
Ω
Demanding bashing on the door.
“We’re closed for the night. Go into town,” drawled Gordon.
“Open up!” ordered General Luan.
Gordon partially opened the door, standing behind the metal reinforcement for protection.
“Who are you?” demanded General Luan.
“Management. Just back from holidays. Who are you?”
“We’ve got rooms here.”
“Ya have?” said Gordon, opening the door wider. “Hang on...You must be the bods who left your stuff here and went off on the hunting expedition.”
Luan and Tarapaca exchanged terse glances.
“Dave and Jen locked your rooms before they flew out. Yer gear’s still in them.” 
“Where did they fly out to?”
“Anchorage. They own B & B’s all over the world. Spend their lives travelling around filling in for their managers, so we can take holidays.”
“Do you have their forwarding address?”
“Not on me. But it’s easy to find. Their B & B’s right next door to the police station in the middle of town... Hey babe... these bods need their room keys. Will you grab ‘em for me?”
Jen appeared in the doorway with the keys and handed them to Gordon. Gordon grinned in genuine surprise as she wrapped her arms around his waist and pressed him close to her abdomen.
“Ok-e-doke - here’s ya room keys... Check out’s when ya like if you decide to leave tomorrow. Just leave the keys near the coffee machine. And if you’re hanging around, don’t disturb us ‘til late mornin’. If ya get me drift.”
Tarapaca laughed. Even Luan smiled faintly.
“Goodnight gents,” cheshire-grinned Gordon, closing the door and locking it behind them.
Ω
Silence. 
Gordon eyed Jen. Jen burst out laughing. 
“I had no idea you were such a good actor Gordon! They think Dave and I have gone to Alaska. And that a randy couple are the regular management.”
“You played a rather convincing role yourself!” retorted Gordon. “Wait ‘til I tell Dave I got a cuddle out of you.”
“It’s okay to tell him you got a cuddle out of me,” said Jen with dancing eyes. “Maybe just gloss over the bit out about the lump in your sarong, although I’m sure he’d laugh anyway!”
Gordon glanced down fleetingly and self-consciously moved behind the kitchen bench. Jen studied him with curious eyes.
“I might get back into something more appropriate for male company,” she said gently. 


Chapter 13

Only the vigilant can maintain their liberties.
A society whose members spend a great deal of their time in the irrelevant other worlds of sport & soap opera, mythology & metaphysical fantasy, will find it hard to resist the encroachments of those who would manipulate & control it.
-Aldous Huxley

Zac stirred as a familiar but unexpected smell tantalized his nostrils. He sat bolt upright and looked around in bewilderment. Someone stifled a chuckle behind him. Zac scanned the figures in the dim light, looking for someone who exuded authority. His eyes found a man about his father’s age with a similar build. Zac could just make out that he was wearing khaki camouflage.
“Um... Hi. Are we in a classified area?”
“Yes. But civilians don’t drop in very often.”
Zac struggled into his fleecy jacket and climbed out of the sleeping bag. Jake and Maya rolled closer to each other but kept sleeping.
“John Cunningham...” grinned John, extending his hand. 
“Hi, I’m Zac... Er... sorry. It was twilight when we set up camp last night, and I didn’t notice... any of this...”
Zac looked around and scratched his stubbly beard. Bemused.
“Actually, I didn’t notice any of this when I woke up in the middle of the night either... And I definitely would have remembered seeing a camper’s kitchen this well set up... Hey, you’ve got eggs! I don’t s’pose we could buy a packet? We’ve run out of everything that resembles protein and I’m so famished I could eat a dozen eggs by myself.”
All round laughter.
“Feel like a packet of bacon with those dozen eggs Zac?” offered John.

The real art of conversation is not only to say the right thing in the right place,
 but to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.
-Lady Dorothy Nevill

Jen walked back out into the kitchen wearing jeans and a comfy shirt. Gordon cleared his throat.
Silence.
Jen set about doing the dishes. Gordon picked up a tea towel.
“Jen... I’m sorry. You were already cautious of me. Now you must be paranoid.”
Silence.
“And Dave might be away for several more days... I should ring Dave... And explain what happened...”
Silence.
“I know you want an explanation... But I don’t want to talk to you about it without Dave being present... I’m too chicken.”
Silence.
“Will you stop it woman?!”
“Stop what?”
“Stop listening to me. Yell at me... Or do something other than listen to me! It’s... terrifying!”
Jen cracked up.
“That has to be a first. A man telling a woman to talk.”
Gordon smiled tensely. Jen caught Gordon’s eye.
“Dave says that when people are upset or nervous they’re a bit like onions... You know... you need to peel back a few layers before you get to the heart of the matter... So he just listens a while... and looks past the words... and into their soul...”
“So what do you see in my soul?”
“Someone who’s feeling uncomfortable and is very concerned that I might be uncomfortable.”
“You talk as though you aren’t uncomfortable.”
“I’m not. You brushed against me. You got an erection. It’s a bloke thing.”
“You noticed it happen?”
“I felt it happen. And it was kinda visible because you were wearing a sarong.”
“You mean I got it in front of Luan and Tarapaca?” mumbled Gordon.
“Yes. But it just backed up our story - you know - that we had a compelling reason to get rid of them ASAP.”
“And I had it right up until I noticed it?”
“’Fraid so.”
Gordon ran his hand through his hair.
“This conversation. It must be embarrassing you. I’m sorry.”
Jen laughed deliciously.
“Gordon, I raised a houseful of boys in a wilderness setting alongside a man who was a fitness instructor and a mentor to men. Experience has taught me that, irrespective of their age, men voice pretty much the same concerns about a handful of issues... And sometimes they need reassurance about those issues... Especially when they’re not married...”
Gordon exhaled noisily.
“I’ve been scared Jen... I was having grave fears that I wasn’t... operational anymore.”
“Take my word for it Gordon. You’re still operational!”
Gordon cleared his throat self-consciously.
“Are you going to tell David about this conversation?”
“How about I let you tell him? When you’re ready, eh?”
“Thanks for your reassurance Jen. Gosh that was hard yakka. You’re the first woman I’ve chatted to about the topic since... since Tess was killed.”
“That’s quite a while. Have you ever thought about telling you know who, that you secretly admire her and would love to get to know her better?”
“Jennifer!”
“Come on. You can tell me.”
Gordon grinned sheepishly.
“Yes... I’ve thought about it a lot lately. Especially since Zac’s met Maya. But she’s so... free-spirited... and vivacious... Like Tess was... It’s probably best I stick to caring for Tess’s mother. And being a better father to Jake. With occasional lapses into hire-a-hubby when the fellas are off chasing bad guys.”
Silence.
“You’re interesting company Gordon. I’m sorry I’ve never really let you close to me in the past,” said Jen hesitantly. “That’s just the way I am. Kinda.”
“Don’t apologize for being yourself Jen. They say, behind every good man there’s a special woman... And we both know Dave’s one in a million...”

Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. 
My strength lies solely in my tenacity.  
-Louis Pasteur

Zac looked around John’s cabin. It exuded warmth. As if it had been the centre-point of years of meaningful interaction. 
“54 hours!” grinned John, shaking Zac’s hand. “That’s an extraordinary effort for a civilian team. The average time for our Special Forces teams is only about two hours faster. We’ll have to lift our game!”
Zac smiled his tired acknowledgement. 
“Your effort on the vertical cliff challenge was particularly impressive.”
“You saw that?”
“We’ve had you under covert surveillance the whole time since you passed Skully - as you requested. Watching you interact with each other was entertaining actually. Especially when that young fella in your party accidentally saw the young woman in her bras.”
“You saw that?”
“Actually, I missed the shenanigans, but I heard he darted off like he’d seen a bear skin instead of bare skin!”
Zac grinned shyly.
“You’d better not mention that if you get to speak to Jake... He’s a little stressed about the incident... Actually, you’d better not let Maya know either. She might sock you if she finds out.”
A friendly chuckle.
“So did you know we were there? Aside from the obvious indications - like dropping off food and wood for you.”
“I felt you were there. And it helped me stay focused... But the only time I actually saw evidence that you were there though was when I saw a reflection... like a glint off binoculars... when I was in the middle of the rope bridge.”
“That would have been when Rod passed the binoculars to me. About then, you had Charlie urging everyone to pray for your safety... Ryan blubbering with remorse that he hadn’t called a rescue chopper... and me quietly confident that you’d make it...”
“You all saw me freeze?”
“I saw a young leader grit his teeth and find the mettle to do something he obviously didn’t want to do. Keep a hold of that achievement. You’ll be able to draw courage from it many times in the future. When you face other difficult challenges.”
“How can you draw courage from fear?”
“Fearlessness is like a muscle Zac. I know from my own experience that if I routinely exercise it, it becomes second nature in a crisis.”
“And you exercise it in that crazy playground out there? Where do you find the energy?”
“I look towards the goal. The hot springs on our trek happen to be among the nicest in Yellowstone Park. The soak at the end of each day is more than enough motivation to keep me going.”
“We missed the hot springs. My map’s old. You’d better not tell Maya about them either. She might want to double back and check them out.”
John laughed warmly.
“Sounds like you had your hands full with your charges. I tell you what... You hit the shower and I’ll rustle you up an up-to-date map and mark the hot springs on them. In case you ever decide to drop in on us again.”
“Thanks,” replied Zac tiredly, as he picked up his towel and shower bag.
Ω
Gordon pushed himself casually to his feet.
“I’m just nipping down to Dave’s den... I left the transmitter part of Zac’s new locator beacon down there... I’d like to have it near me. I haven’t heard from him for a couple of days now.”
“You boys and your electronic toys...”
“Well this particular toy is still being field tested... I might just sneak outside and grab the manual for it out of my car...Don’t stress though. I’ll lock the bad guys out again as soon as I’m back inside...”
“Just be careful you aren’t seen by the bad guys.”
“Wilco... Goodnight Jen.”
Ω
Mike whistled cheerily as he started shaving. He could sense Ryan watching him in blunt appraisal, but deliberately said nothing. Ryan sighed faintly and started examining his face for pimples and popping them. Mike put away his razor, then pulled a bottle of peroxide out of his bathroom bag.
“Didn’t your big brother tell you that popping zits just makes ‘em worse?”
“No. I don’t have a big brother.”
“Everyone needs a big brother... Here...This stuff makes ‘em heal up in a few days.”
Mike started gently applying the peroxide before Ryan had a chance to argue. To his surprise Ryan tolerated the physical contact.
“Stinging?”
“A bit... How come you’ve got peroxide in your bag anyway?”
“Big brother Mikey still gets the odd zit.”
Ryan laughed. 
“Good for shaving nicks too...” continued Mike, as he casually dabbed peroxide on his own face.
Mike paused and eyed Ryan.
“Hey - moderate that crestfallen look Captain. You’ll have a five o’clock shadow at nine o’clock in the morning one of these days yerself.”
“It seems to be taking forever,” sighed Ryan.
“Might seem that way to you, but I’ve seen baby-faced blokes like yourself sprout facial fluff overnight... and a month later they look like gorillas.”
“How old were you when you had to shave properly?”
“About twenty-five from memory.”
“That old,” murmured Ryan.
Mike grinned and slapped Ryan on the back.
“Take my word for it little brother... A few years from now you’ll be standing in front of a mirror somewhere in the world having a shave and thinking - wasn’t it easy, back a few years ago when I didn’t have to shave...”
Ω
Zac emerged from the shower, refreshed and renewed.
“Hello? There was a young face under all that stubble!” joked John.
“Not to mention two ticks feasting away,” muttered Zac. “I’m glad to be rid of it.”
John laughed and handed Zac a map with the locations of the hot springs circled. Zac examined it casually.
“I take it you’ve trekked the Pass before with your dad?” probed John.
“Not dad. My boss brought me here once and we did the lower section of it. The chopper dropped us off the other side of the rope bridge and we hiked down then got air-lifted back out again.”
“So the rope bridge and the cliff apparatus were all unchartered territory for you eh?”
Zac nodded as he folded up the map. John looked impressed.
“That’s quite a feat, especially with two other untrained people in tow. Why are you so determined to get out in such a hurry anyway?”
“I need to get to Western Australia. My sister’s in trouble.”
John Cunningham chuckled.
“I appreciate you need to be cautious Zac... but I don’t buy the ‘my sister’s in trouble’ story. Want to try another one?”
Zac said nothing.
“Okay I’ll start the story... You’ve got this sister... but she’s actually a beautiful spy... And she’s discovered Luan Ain Quong and Carlos Stefan Tarapaca intend on testing an E/M weapon on one of our warships while it’s undergoing maintenance at Garden Island next week...”
“Eaves-droppers!”
“You wanted covert monitoring from us. What did you expect?”
A hint of a smile.
“So you’d still rather keep the details of this planned weapons demonstration under wraps?” probed John.
“I have to authenticate the story before I go spreading it around. I’m not sure who Pedro’s informant is. Although Pedro used to work for some intelligence agency in Haiti and he visually identified both Luan and Tarapaca...”
“...which is why he intervened when he saw them pursuing your beautiful spy-sister...”
A shy grin.
“Well, we took the liberty to verify your beautiful spy-sister’s story with the U.S Navy, and I can add that the Jefferson is currently docked at Garden Island at Western Australia with just a skeleton crew aboard... I’ve also confirmed that Luan Ain Quong and Carlos Stefan Tarapaca arrived in Alice Springs ten days ago, then booked a flight to a remote West Australian town called Laverton...”
“Laverton?! That’s how Dave’s involved...” murmured Zac.
“Dave?”
“Um... Just a friend.”
Ω
Gordon slipped out the front door and crept stealthily up to Tarapaca’s jeep. He threw a cautious gaze around him then slid his fingers under the dash. The neodymium base of the object he was holding attracted itself to the metal firewall and clung like a gecko. Gordon threw a second cursory gaze around his surroundings, then he silently tiptoed back into the homestead and locked the door. 
Ω
Zac followed John into the operations centre. He looked around his surroundings with alert curiosity. He noticed where the antenna cables came in the room and followed them with his eyes until they terminated near a trapdoor in the floor. John watched him with a hint of a smile. Jake and Maya walked in with Ryan.
“All patched up?” asked Zac, looking at Maya.
“Ah ha. The doctor said you did a great job but I’ve got some penicillin just to be safe.”
“Did you get something for that chafing Jake?”
“No way! It was a female doctor. I wasn’t gonna drop my jeans and show off my undies to a woman!”
“She wouldn’t have made you do that,” interposed Ryan. “You just had to ask her for nappy cream.”
“But I’m not a baby!”
John Cunningham roared with laughter. Zac tried to keep a straight face.
“Don’t mind him,” advised Ryan. “He laughs at everything! I meant, the zinc in the cream makes the chafing feel better... Come on... Let’s go back to Fiona and we’ll ask her for some cream together.”
Ryan grabbed Jake by the wrist and led him back out. John watched Ryan leave with raised eyebrows.
“Something up?” asked Zac.
“Just a bit surprised... I haven’t seen Ryan reach out to anyone before, that’s all.”
“Probably just enjoying the company of another teenager.”
A pause.
“What makes you think Ryan’s a teenager?”
“That behaviour’s typically teen... I mean he wouldn’t drag you off by the cuff somewhere would he? And he’d die of fright if you did it to him!”
John laughed warmly.
“Well they can’t get up to much mischief around here. And Ryan knows your chopper’s due in half an hour.”
“Our chopper?”
“Your lift to Western Australia. There’s a jet undergoing a pre-flight inspection at Malmstrom Airbase now as we speak... You’re looking at a twelve hour flight... W.A local time is GMT+8, so add 15 hours as well... we should have you there about 1 pm tomorrow, their time.”
Zac failed to hide his astonishment.
“Don’t look so surprised. You’re in a hurry to see your sister, aren’t you?”
“You told him?” asked Maya.
“Er... bits and pieces.”
Zac caught John’s eye.
“We’re really grateful for your assistance. Although aren’t you stretching the rules a bit for us?”
“Your Cat 1 P & P classification is enough to get your whole party through without any questions.”
Zac frowned slightly.
“What’s he talking about Zac?” asked Maya.
“That’s his way of saying he’s happy to help us,” dodged Zac.
John chuckled.
“Thanks. It would have taken us double that time to get back to W.A through the normal channels without assistance...”
“Are you kidding?” interposed Maya. “It would have taken us a lot longer than that! Your customs declaration says you’re in Australia on a lecture tour... I don’t have a visa to enter the U.S and Jake has never even applied for a passport... I would’ve liked to hear you explaining to Customs how we all got into the States in the first place.”
Zac cringed and rubbed his forehead. John Cunningham’s eyes danced.
“Er... We entered the U.S with my boss via Travis Airforce base. The paperwork’s just a little out of order because we had to leave Western Australia in a bit of a hurry.”
“Sounds intriguing.”
“Well I think this place is intriguing,” said Maya. “Is that the same thingy that Dave’s got, Zac?” pointed Maya.
“Er... Yes.”
Zac’s brow furrowed.
“Hey... the decor’s not that bad!” joked John.
“Sorry. Just a memory. From years ago,” said Zac vaguely.
John redirected his gaze as Charlie walked in with Ryan and Jake.
“Well make sure you give my regards to Dave when you get back to Western Australia,” said John, eyeing Zac.
“How’s he know Dave? Does he help him monitor the Weathermakers?” piped up Maya.
Zac exhaled noisily.
“Maya. He doesn’t know Dave. He’s just dropped his name to try get more information out of us.”
“Why?”
“Because he’s a snoop and he’s growing more inquisitive by the minute!” replied Zac, winking at John. 
Everyone laughed.
“But he might know Dave. Remember Dave said he was stationed at Yellowstone Park for fifteen years. And they both look a similar age.”
John broke into a huge grin.
“So David Hopkins is still hanging out with Gordon in his retirement, eh? That doesn’t surprise me, given they bunked together for so long.”
Zac struggled with John’s revelation.
“I didn’t realize you knew Gordon too!”
“Everyone knows Gordon!” laughed Charlie.
“Who’s Gordon?” asked Ryan.
“My Dad,” replied Jake casually.
Warm, surprised grins from Charlie and John.
“This is what he looks like,” continued Jake, moving closer to Ryan. “Zac took this photo of us last week near the wind tunnel.”
“Wicked! Is that the Air and Space Museum in California?”
“Ah ha. Have you been there?”
“Nah. Hopefully one day. That’s a brilliant shot. Can I have a copy of it?”
“Sure. I took other photos too. Would you like to see them?”
“Rad. Plug your camera into my computer so we can see them all properly...”
Zac made intentional eye contact with Jake.
“Just the air museum photos Jake.”
“Okay... But why?”
“John and Charlie claim they’re your Dad’s friends but they didn’t know you were Gordon’s son until you told them. And Ryan sounds like someone your age, but he could be just acting your age... They could be all bad guys, out to get to at your Dad. And if they are, they can glean all sorts of information about the places you two hang out together by looking at your photos.”
“I never thought of that,” replied Jake solemnly.
“Don’t feel bad. Mike keeps drilling all the sixth sense stuff into me too,” shrugged Ryan.
“Who’s Mike?” asked Jake.
“He’s my mentor. Like Zac is to you.”
“Awesome... Here’s the air museum photos.”
Jake and Ryan started pouring over the photos. Zac redirected his attention back to John.
“So how long have you known Dave anyway?” he ventured.
“Don’t answer that John!” chirped Charlie. “Zac might be a bad guy - out to get Dave!”
“Fair enough - I deserved that!” laughed Zac.
“Not at all. Kiviuq has trained you well,” replied John.
Zac’s heart-rate doubled. He forced himself to look composed.
“Hmmm... let’s see,” smiled John reminiscently. “Dave and I go back about 35 years. We became close after a parachuting mishap one time. After the incident I had a fear of falling. I hid it from the blokes I worked alongside, but Dave could sense my fear. Anyway we were doing a refresher course out here. And I froze in the middle of the rope bridge, kinda like you did. Dave sent everyone on ahead, then coaxed me across to safety. Then, when I finally got to the other side, he made me turn around and go back across the bridge with him again. Twice!”
“Twice?! Boy, I’m glad he didn’t see me freeze on the rope bridge,” murmured Zac.
John laughed warmly.
“See I told you he knew Dave!” piped up Maya.
“I’ll let him know our paths have crossed next time I speak to him.”
“What do you mean next time we speak to him? We’ll see him to...”
Zac ran his fingers along Maya’s lips as if zipping them up. Charlie and John roared with laughter.
“Talk about a chip off the old block!” chortled Charlie.
“I bet he’s just as big a larrikin too when he’s not on his best behaviour in front of us!” added John.
Zac silently fought off his mounting confusion.
“Maya, why don’t you and Jake go get some last minute scenery snaps?” he said, trying to sound casual.
“Jake can get the last minute scenery snaps,” replied Maya, shouldering her pack. “I’m getting a last minute handful of biscuits...”
“See you both shortly. I’ll be out as soon as I hear the chopper coming...”

I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life.
That is why I succeed.
–Michael Jordan

“Ah... the secrets I could learn from that beautiful woman if I chatted with her for about an hour!” joked John, as Maya walked out.
“You’d have to separate her from our super-secretive Professor first!” grinned Charlie.
“Well I would have loved to have chatted with Ryan here and learnt his secret,” averred Zac.
“What secret?” asked Ryan.
“How someone in their teens manages to find common ground with blokes in their mid-fifties. It’s quite a feat on your part.”
“What makes you think I’m only in my teens?” shrugged Ryan
“You’re using your iTunes album covers as your screensaver. And I noticed you’re into Guy Sebastian, Britt Nicole, Carrie Underwood and Just Jack rap. So at a guess I’d say you’re about eighteen.”
“I could be in my mid twenties,” ventured Ryan.
“You could be. But there’s a noticeable absence of the earlier albums released by Lady Gaga, Céline Dion, Black Eyed Peas and Rihanna in your collection, which suggests you’re still in your teens.
Ryan broke into a grin.
“Hey. I know what you’re doing! You’re showing me what you were telling Jake about - how people can pick up personal information from photos and that... Boy, I’m glad you weren’t at my Academy Professor. I would have had to have been real careful if you’d been on staff!”
All round laughter.
“Lady Gag and the Black Eyed Beans eh?” murmured John. “And my parents used to make fun of me listening to the Beatles.”
“You were into the Beatles?” repeated Ryan. “They’re sick!”
“You probably won’t be too well fifty years from now either, pup.”
Ryan sighed faintly.
“I mean... never mind, it’s not important...”
 “He means the Beatles are too cool to gag on beans!” said Zac, winking at John.
Ryan laughed jovially and hi-five Zac. John and Charlie exchanged blank looks.
“That lingo of theirs is practically a code...” muttered Charlie.
“So it’s cool to be sick?” ventured John, eyeing Zac.
“Yep. If the Beatles were around today they’d be sick... wicked... insane... awesome and rad... As well as hot... and cool!” 
Charlie and John exchanged maniac grins.
“Sick!” they repeated in unison resting their arms on each other’s shoulders and spinning around in a circle.
“Wanna dance with us Baby Bear? It’s rad!” said Charlie with twinkling eyes.
“Maybe later. After the Professor’s left.”
“Wicked!” added John, pressing his body against Charlie’s. 
Zac made demure eye contact with Ryan.
“Maybe you should cut down their caffeine intake.”
Ryan laughed freely. 
Charlie rested his head on John’s shoulder. Both men moved around in a slow dance. 
“Wanna commando cuddle with us young fella?” grinned John, making eye contact with Zac. “It’s awesome!”
Zac shook his head vigorously. Raucous laughter from John and Charlie. Ryan eyed Zac sympathetically.
“Don’t freak out. They aren’t gay. Commando cuddles are just part of their lark classes...”
“Lark classes?”
“They train ISRA operatives. And those guys have to do all this touchy-feely embarrassing stuff as part of their training. Like showering together. And dancing. And massage stuff...”
“Why?” asked Zac.
“So they’re comfortable about being in each other’s personal space when they’re on assignment, or when awkward stuff happens... It helps them get each other through the tough times too. You know, when things go wrong out in the field.”
A memory of how Dave had started dancing with Gordon at the Laverton cave-in surfaced. Zac quickly pushed the memory away. Uncomfortable about its implications.
“I could tell you did more than just fitness training here,” he replied, to change the direction of the conversation. “Actually, when we first arrived I was worried that we might have accidentally strayed into ISRA headquarters...”
“Why’d you think that?” frowned Ryan.
“I noticed the Ka band receiving phased-array antennas and your link with the AEHF 1 satellite.”
John and Charlie stopped dancing. 
“And my first thought was... this place is obviously a central communications hub of some sort and since it used to belong to Air Intelligence, it might be ISRA turf now.”
Ryan’s brow furrowed. John smiled faintly.
“Did anything else make you think it might be ISRA HQ?” asked Charlie casually.
“Well I noticed the antenna cables running down to the underground complex,” shrugged Zac. “Are the Wideband Gapfiller terminals down there?” 
Charlie paused.
“Yes.”
Ryan cocked his head.
“How’d you workout there’s an underground level under here Professor?” he asked.
“The antenna cables terminate near the trapdoor entry,” replied Zac. 
Ryan’s eyes started following the cables along the wall. John stifled his amusement.
“Dave’s gear is in a bunker setup underground too,” continued Zac, when Ryan said nothing. “Except he’s painted his dish antennas camo colours to make them harder to spot on Google Earth.”
Charlie gazed out at their dish antennas and rubbed his chin thoughtfully.
“You sound like you’d like to hang around and train with us,” offered John.
“Maybe the milsatcom training. But your touchy-feely training looks... extending,” replied Zac, pointing at Ryan’s monitor.
Ryan diverted his gaze from the trapdoor and groaned audibly.
“Mike put it there? I’ll kill him!”
“I probably would myself,” muttered Zac.
John and Charlie doubled over with laughter. Ryan and Zac inched closer to each other in mutual support.
“I think they both need to sit in on our lark classes... To learn how to handle awkward, embarrassing moments!” tormented Charlie.
John grinned and rested a fatherly hand on Ryan’s shoulder.
“I’m responsible for your burning ears pup - not Mike,” he said. “And for your burning cheeks young fella,” he added, fanning Zac’s face with his hand. “Sorry to have stretched you both out of shape there... Major Gregory is apprehensive when it comes to IT, and there was a window of opportunity to boost his confidence in his abilities last night, so I took it. Except then things got busy around here and I didn’t get to remove that file...”
“You were mentoring Mike?” said Ryan curiously. “That’s different. He’s off the hook... I s’pose you are too.”
Ryan reached over and hurriedly dragged the file out of the album cover folder and onto the desktop then relabelled it lark class stuff. John laughed and eyed Zac.
“There’s a story attached to that lark class footage actually. Ryan’s been helping us identify and address weaknesses in the Officer training programme - like the need for a core unit in physiology. Yesterday he participated in a delivery at the base hospital with Mike - because the baby’s father is overseas on assignment. Ryan videoed the baby’s birth and cut the umbilical cord. And word has it that the medical staff were so impressed by Mike’s field approach to midwifery, that they’re going to turn Ryan’s footage into a training video as well...”
Ryan eyed John in silent surprise.
“Boy, you’re braver than I was at your age!” said Zac in genuine admiration.
“You were about my age when you saved Gordon’s life,” countered Ryan.
Charlie and John exchanged surreptitious glances.
“You know about that too?” gasped Zac.
“Jake told me.”
“I’ll kill ‘im,” muttered Zac softly.
“Ah... the secrets we could learn from Gordon’s love-child, if we chatted with him for an hour!” joked Charlie.
Zac forced a smile. John picked up on his tension and casually pointed to the album cover that was now on the screensaver.
“I see you’ve got Space Jam in that folder of yours too. We’re gonna have to watch that together later, pup.”
“Okay,” shrugged Ryan. “How come you like Space Jam though? You’re not a kid.”
“Neither are you. But you obviously like it!”
John’s eyes twinkled.
“I hit ‘em high... You hit ‘em low...” he sang deeply.
Ryan eye-rolled.
“Come on... hit me high... hit me low... for embarrassing you around Zac!” coaxed John.
Ryan threw a cautious punch at John. John grinned and blocked it. Ryan laughed and tried harder.
“Watch out pup,” advised Jed, as he walked in. “John can hit you high and low at the same time with his eyes shut. He trained with the old Schoolmaster.”
“That’s good. I want to learn some old school defence...”
“...and I want to learn why the Black Eyed Beans and Lady Gag are sick.”
“Sounds like you two will bridge that generation gap no time. What else have you been doing to bridge it anyway?” asked Zac, glancing at John.
“Well... let’s see... We had a sleepover last night...”
“Don’t tell him about the sleepover!” groaned Ryan.
“Gag and switch channels?” suggested Zac.
Ryan screwed up his nose.
“I can’t do that or you’ll think the sleepover was sus. And it wasn’t... It was another lark class thing... um... sorta... I haven’t been here long, so John and Charlie introduced me to this Farliga Pass tradition called the three Bears camp-over and told me how it began.”
“Really? How did it begin?”
“Well John’s parachute failed and Kiviuq saved his life mid-air, by entangling him arms and legs in John’s useless chute and landing tandem with him. And Dave brought them both here to keep an eye on them... And Father Bear Dave and Mama Bear Kiviuq tucked Baby Bear John in between them in a share bag and used the strength of mateship to help him hold it together. And John still uses the same mateship principles. Except these days John is Father Bear and Charlie’s Mama Bear. And last night I was Baby Bear.”
“That version of the Three Bears camp-over is a little different to the one I heard as a kid,” said Zac with thinly veiled incredulity.
“That crazy Eskimo adds in the bit about the baby bears sliding down the Northern lights, eh?” grinned Jed.
Zac gave up trying to hide his bewilderment. John made eye contact with Jed and shook his head almost imperceptibly. Jed acknowledged him with a flicker of his eyelids.
“I nearly forgot why I dropped in,” he chirped. “The chopper’s approaching final.”
“Thanks... Perfect timing... Ryan... Go and find Jake and Maya and help them aboard the chopper.”
“Here... Let me take that for you,” added Charlie, picking up Zac’s pack.
John ushered Zac over to the waiting chopper. He rested both his hands on Zac’s shoulders and moved him around in a slow circle like he’d done with Charlie. Zac felt unnerved to the core.
“Come back again one of these days when you’re less busy Ataniq and we’ll have a long chinwag, eh?” he said softly.
“I might take you up on that,” replied Zac shakily.
Silent eye contact between John and the chopper pilot, as Zac boarded. A hand reached out and tousled his hair in an informal greeting.
“Gidday ya gay woman-pusher!” said Mad Max exuberantly. “I thought it was you three on top of the ridge yesterday arvo...”


Chapter 14

If you want to build a ship, don’t herd people together to collect wood and don’t assign them task and work. But rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.
-Antoine de Saint-Exupery

I woke up, donned their gypsy clothes over my jeans and T-shirt, then made my way to breakfast. I blinked in surprise. Everyone including Katja was wearing work clobber.
“You can’t be my T/A in those clothes!” chuckled Pedro, tossing a pair of overalls at me.
I examined them hesitantly at arm’s length.
“You realize you’ve recruited an amateur...” I ventured.
“Amateurs built the ark Hope. Professionals built the Titanic.”
I laughed and removed the gypsy clothes. Then I donned the overalls over my regular clothes. Pedro handed me a welding helmet with a grin. I took a sip of my coffee and started adjusting the helmet to fit me.
“Are you sure this is a good idea?” I said, as I fumbled with the straps. “I’m scared of welding spatter... And grinder sparks... And I can’t cut even a piece of wood square. The saw always jams on me...”
“The finest tool you own is sitting on top of your shoulders,” soothed Pedro. “Besides, this is the safest way to keep you hidden, until my friend arrives to help you...”
Ω
John walked back into the ops centre to find Ryan transferring files on his computer.
“Hiding more photos so your ears don’t get red again, eh?” he tormented.
“Jake gave me a copy of his photos of the air museum... I thought they’d be more neutral material for a screensaver Sir.”
“Enough with the Sir stuff, Ryan. We’re sack mates remember? Around here that makes you family.”
Silence. 
Ryan cleared his throat softly. John started grinning.
“What?”
“I was just re-running that Minties-moment earlier today, when that full screen photo of Becky’s dilated vagina came up... The look on Zac’s face! Then the look on your face. Between the pair of you, I could hardly keep a straight face!”
Ryan smiled pensively.
“I felt sorry for him. His carotid artery was still pulsing wildly even when he left. Like Mike’s does.”
“I picked that up myself,” replied John reflectively. “Although I think he may have been unsettled for a different reason...”
Fiona walked in and wrapped her arms around John affectionately. Ryan went to leave.
“Stay put sack mate,” said John.
“Why?”
“You don’t have to leave just because your big sister’s walked in and is stealing a cuddle off me.”
“Guess what Dad? You wouldn’t believe it! Jen Hopkins just rang me out of the blue. She said she’s been thinking about me and told me to jump aboard the next plane bound for Western Australia.”
John raised his eyebrows.
“That’s a coincidence. The civilians who left here earlier were heading for Western Australia. And apparently they have regular contact with Care Bear.”
“That’s almost more than a coincidence,” replied Fiona.
“Actually they implied he’s running with Gordon again.”
Fiona’s face lit up.
“Really?”
“Coincidentally also... that young bloke that Ryan dragged over to see you is Gordon and Tess’s son... And the civilian leader that calls Gordon boss, is that young P & P sleeper who stopped his bullet.”
“Really?! I wish I’d got to ask them both how Gordon is.”
“I thought you’d be interested in that bit of gossip.”
Fiona smiled dreamily.
“Someone still has a crush on Gordon eh?” ragged John.
“Daddy! Not in front of Ryan. You’ll make him blush.”
“I think he’s making you blush!” replied Ryan. “Does Jake’s Dad know you like him?”
A wistful expression.
“Gordon took a long while to heal after his wife Tess was killed. And we’re both very busy.”
“You’re dodging our questions! You’ve definitely got a crush on him.”
Fiona giggled girlishly and reddened slightly.
“Hey. You’ve gone all wriggly giggly! You don’t have to be embarrassed to talk to your Dad about your feelings for Gordon. He knows you’ve got desires. He’s probably even noticed that your pupils dilate around Gordon... He doesn’t miss much.”
Fiona and John laughed.
“So have you noticed my pupils go wide dad?” asked Fiona glancing at John with shining eyes.
“Of course I have, love.”
“What?!”
John chuckled and looked over at Ryan.
“You just have to mention Gordon’s name and her pupils go wide and she starts breathing rapidly.”
“Like she’s doing now?”
“Ah ha. You watch next time Gordon drops in... She’ll go all vague on me... All he’s got to do is smile at her and I can’t get any sense out of her for a week! And her aroma is a dead giveaway too...”
“What aroma?”
“Dad!”
“Perspiration?” asked Ryan.
“That too... But this is an aroma that emits from her vaginal mucus when she’s turned on.”
Ryan’s eyes widened.
“Dad! You’re embarrassing him.”
“No, I’m not embarrassed... I’m just thinking... I knew girls get slippery stuff there when they get aroused, but I didn’t know it has an aroma.”
“Interesting eh? Actually I can faintly detect the aroma right now. All this chat about Gordon is obviously making her aroused... Should we sniff her so you know what I mean?”
“Dad! I’m close to throttling you!” growled Fiona, raising her fist.
Ryan instinctively jumped between them both.
“No! Don’t hit each other!” he screamed.
An awkward silence. Ryan turned scarlet.
“Okay, now I’m embarrassed... I’m sorry... It’s not my place to tell you both what to do, but please don’t hurt each other...”
“It’s alright,” soothed John compassionately. “I won’t hit her son. Even if she whacks me.”
Ryan drew a steadying breath.
He glanced thoughtfully at Fiona then rested his hands on her shoulders the way he’d seen John do to Zac. John observed his response with intrigue.
“Don’t let him get to you Fi. He’s just stirring you up. To help you work out how you really feel about Gordon.”
“You’ve got your mitts on me Captain!” steamed Fiona.
Ryan’s eyes sparkled.
“Stop smiling! That’s an order!”
Ryan’s smiled broadened.
“Come on. You don’t have to be defensive around me. It’s a little brother’s job to ask his big sister awkward questions about her love life.”
Fiona’s jaw dropped.
“Dad! Reign him in!”
Silence. John scrubbed his stubbly chin reflectively.
“Dad! This was supposed to be a relaxed, family chat about sex, so you could fill in any of his knowledge gaps in a non-threatening manner.”
“It was. And it is. But your little brother is more perceptive than I expected a teenager to be... And not quite as bashful as I expected him to be either.”
John smiled at Ryan.
“Let’s keep tag-teaming Mama Bear, and help Baby Bear work out how she feels about Gordon, eh?”
Ryan grinned and made eye contact with Fiona.
“So have you ever told Gordon that you like him?”
“This conversation has got far too personal Captain.”
“Gordon likes you too!” persisted Ryan, undeterred.
“How do you know?!” 
“Jake told me.”
“How does Jake know?” 
“Jake recognized you. He said his Dad’s got a photo of you. On his bedside table. And blokes only keep photos close to their beds if they really like a girl. Ask your Dad.”
Fiona looked taken aback.
“Perhaps Gordon’s son has mistaken me for a woman who looks similar to me.”
“Did you operate on Zac after he was shot?”
“Er... Yes. At Malmstrom.”
“Then it was you in the photo. Jake said he asked his Dad who the lady was and Gordon told him she was the sweet angel who removed Zac’s bullet.”
“Well that certainly sounds like something Gordon would say!” chuckled John.
Ryan eyed Fiona.
“Want me to find out if Gordon’s got a girlfriend?” he asked.
“How?” asked Fiona cautiously.
“Jake gave me his email address. I’ll tell him I found out you like his Dad, and I’ll ask him to find out if his Dad has a girlfriend. If he hasn’t, you two should stop pussy-footing around and waiting for each other to make the first move.”
“From memory, I told her the same thing about five years ago!” laughed John.
“Did your friend Jake say anything else?” probed Fiona.
“Um. Well when we walked past the sat link, he started talking about geosynchronous spacecraft.”
John held back his smile.
“Huh?”
“I think she meant did he say anything else about Gordon...” said John with twinkling eyes. “She’s got a one track mind.”
“Oh... Sorry. I don’t remember... I was more interested in what he had to say about digital channelizers. You should have heard him John. He knows an awful lot about military communication systems for a civilian.”
A nod of agreement.
“Zac was also surprisingly knowledgeable. In fact he gave us some ideas for improving the security of our systems.”
“Talking of communication systems, I found out something interesting about this beacon of Zac’s...”
“The beacon? Oh dear. I forgot to give it back to him in all the excitement.”
“Maybe Fi can hand deliver it to Gordon!” suggested Ryan tongue-in-cheek.
Fi feigned a swipe at Ryan.
“Truce you pair...” ordered John. “You were saying Ryan?”
“Oh yeah... Just before you came in, I flicked the switch across to the retransmitted receiver setting... It’s picking up two men talking - in Spanish - except I couldn’t understand the conversation. But I heard one say Jefferson. And the other said Tarapaca. Do you think it’s got something to do with the message we intercepted last night?”
John became instantly attentive. He flicked across the switch. The twinkle disappeared from his blue eyes as he started tuning into the conversation.
“What are they saying?” asked Ryan.
John held his hand up, demanding silence. The conversation continued. John scrawled down details. An engine started then the sound of the wind whistling drowned out the conversation. John switched off the listening device and shook his head slowly.
“We should’ve been monitoring this as well... I must be getting fuzzy headed in my old age.”
“Part of a message is better than nothing,” heartened Ryan.
John smiled dryly and picked up the phone. Ryan listened to him organize a chopper and a jet. John ended the call then drummed his fingertips on his desk as if weighing up what to do. He made eye contact with Ryan.
“Go pack a travel bag. You’ll need warm and cool civilian clothing.”
“Civilian clothing?” echoed Ryan uncomprehendingly.
“Yes. How long will you need to pack?”
“Er... Fifteen minutes.”
“Make it ten. Go find Charlie for me and tell him to report here on the double. Then pack your bag and go wait for the chopper.”
“Where am I going?”
“Western Australia. With me.”
“Why?”
“I’ll explain on the way. Skedaddle. You too pet. Over to our cottage and pack a travel bag.”
“What?” repeated Fi, as Ryan left the room. 
“Jen told you to catch the next flight to Western Australia. I’d say that’s the flight I’m taking with Ryan.”
“But Dad? I can’t just up and go. I’m on roster.”
John picked up the phone.
“Hi Grant. John Cunningham... I need a medico lurking around in the background on a Priority 1 assignment... We have to pull out pronto and Fi happens to be up here at the moment... Can you rearrange your roster without too much hardship?... You can? Good man... I’ll return her in a week or so... Thanks Grant. Cheerio...”
Ω
Ten hours flew by. My hair felt grimy. I had cuts on my fingers and welding spatter burns. But I was intensely satisfied. I was no longer afraid of a grinder and I’d learnt to set up a plasma cutter. And now I was practicing striking an arc on some offcuts.
“Bonswa!” greeted someone.
I’d become so accustomed to hearing foreign-speak that I hardly looked up.
“How ya going mate?!” replied Pedro.
“N’ap boule!” retorted the stranger.
Pedro laughed deeply. I stopped working.
I watched them embrace each other warmly and slowly removed my welding helmet.
They both walked towards me. I glanced at the newcomer. Our eyes met. He stopped midstride in surprise. I hurled myself at him and almost knocked him off his feet.
“Zac!” I squealed.
Out of the corner of my eye I noticed Dutchy grinning broadly.
“Hope! You have a habit of turning up in the most unexpected places!”
Zac recovered from his astonishment and mirrored my ecstatic embrace. I wanted to sink into his bear-hug warmth and never come out again.
“You look... different!” he chuckled, planting his nose in my cheek.
“9.5 on the fashion disaster scale?” I quipped returning the gesture.
“Nah. Class without effort. Hey... This soot’s real!” he added, affectionately brushing my face clean with his fingertips.
Ω
Frank broke into a delighted grin and hugged Maya tightly. Dave and Jake exchanged smiles.
“Kiddo! Thank goodness you’re alright! They told me they were helping you lie low, but I didn’t know for sure that they could be trusted...”
“Zac and Jake have been protecting me the whole time. Come on. Let’s grab a cappuccino and something high in calories across the road and I’ll tell you all about it...”
“You’d better tell me all about it over Moccona and Tim Tams here hon. I haven’t finalized tonight’s front page.”
“You’ve never finalized it this early anyway.”
“Okay. It’s worse than not finalized. I haven’t even drafted the front page. Nothing newsworthy has happened locally in the last 24 hours. I’m so desperate I’ve even been through the freelance slurry pile. Twice.”
“Doesn’t sound like you Frank. What happened to Mr Organized-three-days-in-advance?”
“How can I be Mr Organised, when my freelance journalists are running around all over the planet with crazy scientists, worrying me half to death?”
“I kept a journal on our trek through Yellowstone Park. Complete with photos. Maybe you can do something with that... I’ll just send it to your desktop... There you go... Actually, Jake got some good photos too... There’s a particularly good one that would make a perfect front page... Jake took it when we were on this trail in the Park called Farliga Pass.”
“Zac took you and Jake over the Pass?” echoed Dave, with incredulity.
“Ah ha. Hey Jake... Remember that photo of Zac and me on the rope-bridge? The one I said you should enter in a competition? No, not that one... Zac was scared there... The one I mean is further on... Hang on... I’ll find the one I mean...”
Dave rubbed his mouth with thoughtful fingertips as Maya flicked through the revealing photo montage.
“Here it is... He got his nerve back after the chocolate kicked in.”
“You mean after you cuddled him!” grinned Jake.
Maya took a half hearted swipe at Jake. Jake dodged it and returned a friendly cuff. Dave raised amused eyebrows.
“Here Frank... What about this photo for tomorrow’s front page? Brilliant eh?”
A pause.
“So this is the new boyfriend eh?”
“Boyfriend? Nah. Boyfriends are safe. Zac’s the kind of guy who needs to carry a fire extinguisher around, in case I spontaneously combust around him.”
Dave grinned. Frank’s lip trembled slightly.
“Sorry. That was insensitive of me,” said Maya, draping an arm around Frank. “Zac’s just like Rick. I feel so... complete around him.”
“I’ve been waiting to hear you say that for years kiddo,” replied Frank with a watery-eyed smile.
“Rick who was killed in the plane crash in Nepal?” asked Jake.
“Maya and my son were just four weeks away from being married,” explained Frank.
“And you’re worried you’re gonna lose touch with her if she gets married?” probed Dave.
“Wouldn’t you be?”
“Not a snowball’s chance in hell of that deskie. You’re wandering around with too much classified information about our ops. For better or for worse, you’re a thread in our tapestry now. We’ll always be popping in and out of your life.”
“Sounds like my life is finally gonna get interesting.”
Dave laughed.
“Do you really like my photo of Farliga Pass?” ventured Jake.
“Yes. I agree it’s an above par amateur shot... I’ll give you $100 for it for tomorrow’s cover.”
“Tell him no deal Jake. Make him give you $250 for it. Professional freelance rates.”
“Alright. $250. Since you come so highly recommended.”
“There you go Frank. Tomorrow’s front page is organised - Intrepid Travelling Experiences by Maya Gregory and Jake Lewis...”
“Don’t you think you should ask Zac if you can use this photo of him?” ventured Dave.
“Nah. It’s just a harmless photo of the two of us with a gorge in the background. And Frank’s desperate...”
“Desperate but wiser. What guidelines should I stick within if I run this travel story Dave?”
“Replace any references to Farliga Pass with something less identifiable like ‘hiking trail in Yellowstone Park.’ Although the area’s restricted access anyway...”
“Restricted access? Why’d they let the three amigos in it then?”
“I’m interested to know that myself,” replied Dave softly.
Ω
“Zac... We’ve got to get out of here!” I whispered, unable to hide my distress. “We’re not safe here!”
“Why?” asked Zac with surprise.
“They’re spies!” I replied in Yupik. “And they think I’m a spy!”
“You’re not making any sense Hope. Start from the beginning...” said Zac in English.
I scanned my immediate surroundings. Dutchy was watching us converse with keen interest.
“It’s something to do with our necklaces,” I said in Yupik. “They think Mum and Dad worked for the Security Service.”
“The U.S. Airforce?” frowned Zac, finally speaking in Yupik.
“Keep your expression unreadable,” I hissed back.
He pressed me into his chest. I dissolved into uncontrollable tears.
“Sshhh....” he soothed in English. “You’re safe now.”
A tiny hand tugged on my overalls. I scooped Petrina up and nuzzled her. She wiped my tears away with her fingertips. My heart melted.
“Don’t cry Mama,” she said in Spanish.
Zac’s eyes widened with astonishment.
Petrina ran her fingers through my hair and blew raspberries on my forehead until I started laughing. I could feel the curiosity oozing out of Zac. One thing was certain. I was gonna get quizzed later about this. Big time.
Ω
“Hey Frank... I just had a thought. You might be able to turn Intrepid Travelling Experiences into a mini-series... Why don’t you ask Heidi to do you up a few articles? She’s got heaps of travel photos.”
Frank and Dave exchanged subtle glances.
“I’m not sure where Heidi is at the moment.”
“So? Email her and find out!” laughed Maya. “I know for a fact she’s got some great shots of Alaska... Of the northern lights. And this fantastic shot of a blonde-haired woman kissing an Eskimo.”
“That sounds like an interesting story. Who’s the woman?”
“Some linguist,” shrugged Maya.
Dave swallowed his grin.
“Come on!” urged Maya. “I’m absolutely dying for a cappuccino and a choc-chip muffin. You can take afternoon tea out of my bonus.”
“What bonus?”
“Hello? My four articles that went national!”
“You’re freelance now. I don’t have to pay you bonus money,” teased Frank.
“No sneaking out of it Frank... You didn’t edit my articles properly and I ended up hiding out in hiking purgatory drinking black coffee for six days.”
“Still sticking to the hiking purgatory story eh? Try bathing in secluded hot springs... trekking leisurely through gorges... cuddling your new hottie while taking in breathtaking panoramic views...”
Dave eyed Frank and shook his head.
“She’s not exaggerating Frank. The trek Zac took this pair on was no picnic.”
“It was fun though!” grinned Jake. “Except when we woke up yesterday morning.”
“Why?”
“We went to sleep by ourselves and woke up surrounded by all these commandoes in camo gear. And I didn’t want the commandoes seeing me get out of my PJ’s, so I had to get dressed in my sleeping-bag.”
“So?”
“So Zac had turned our sleeping bags into one big share bag for warmth. And Maya was still in the share-bag while I was trying to get dressed. And she wouldn’t get out!”
“Why wouldn’t you get out?” grinned Dave.
“’Coz I didn’t want the commandoes seeing me change out of my PJ’s either.”
Dave laughed good-naturedly.
“Where is young Zac anyway?”
“He’s down at the wharf... His friend sent him a message that this girl is being chased. He wanted Jake and me to come here. In case it’s not safe. And call him in an hour. In case he’s not safe...”
Ω
Zac redirected his attention to Pedro.
“So Pedro... Where’s this beautiful spy who makes your heart beat fast with passion?”
“I didn’t realize she was your petite amie!” blurted out Pedro with chagrin.
“Wooah mate. I think there’s been a huge misunderstanding... It happens a lot around my little sister.” 
Pedro changed from angst-stricken to ecstatic in an eye-blink.
“You’re Hope’s protective big brother?” beamed Pedro.
“Hope’s your new belle?” retorted Zac cheekily, wriggling his eyebrows expressively.
Zac eyed Dutchy analytically.
“You’re awfully quiet Dutchy. Has someone been matchmaking on the sly?”
Dutchy and Katja doubled over with delighted laughter.
“Love awakens in season Zac. We’ve just taken the role of catalysts...”
Ω
“So what’s this girl’s name that Zac’s contacting?” asked Dave, a little too loudly.
“We don’t know her name... But Zac’s friends have been hiding her. She has information about some Korean General who’s testing an E/M weapon on a ship tomorrow night at Garden Island. Actually Frank, there could be a story in it in a few days...”
Dave and Frank exchanged eureka grins.
“Let’s go!” they yelled in unison.
“But we can’t Dave!” protested Maya. “Zac said stay here. And you know the deal... watch each others’ backs... cover each others’ weaknesses... obey the person you recognize as leader... and all that stuff Zac’s been drumming into us for the past fortnight.”
“I think Zac will overlook you breaking the rules since I’m watching your backs!” laughed Dave.
“But Dave... I really did get twenty extra push-ups the other day for taking a photo of a bird when Zac was drilling us about surveillance.”
“Hmmm... I must have a word to Zac about that later. If you can handle Farliga Pass, then 20 push-ups isn’t nearly enough of a challenge. You should be aiming for 40. Both of you.”
Vehement head-shaking from Jake and Maya.
“Come on. Let’s get down to the wharf and see if our hunch is right.”
“You’ll take the rap from Zac?”
“Promise.”
“Bag’s driving then,” volunteered Maya, grabbing the BMW keys off Frank’s desk.
“Hang on Maya. It’s only a month old. And my insurance doesn’t cover drivers under 25...”
“Huh? What’s got into you Frank? You know I’m 27.”
“Just checking up on you.”
Maya draped an arm over Frank’s shoulders as they walked towards his car.
“On the topic of checking up on people, you’ve got some explaining to do Frank. How do you know Dave anyway?”
Ω
I glanced up as more people walked into the warehouse. One was striding out in front of the others and broke into a sprint as he saw me.
“Hope!” he hailed.
My eyes lit up.
“Dave!” I gasped, hugging him warmly.
Dave embraced me affectionately. Grinning from ear to ear. Eyes moist with relief. I could sense Zac bristling with inquisitiveness. No doubt about it. I was gonna get quizzed big time later about who Dave was.
“Look at you!” I laughed. “All dressed up for the city.”
His clothes were finely tailored but obviously not up to the rigours of a crisis. I adjusted the collar of his rumpled business shirt...
“You’re awfully good at laying low girl,” murmured Dave. “Have you been to spy school or something?” 
“Long story. I’ll tell you it later.”
Zac was gobsmacked, although to his credit he was trying not to show it.
Dave redirected his attention to Zac and tousled his hair. His expression was warm. Fatherly. 
It was now my turn to be gobsmacked.
“Gidday Dave,” said Zac carefully.
Clearly they knew each other. My curiosity gauge hit the red.
“So you managed to read between the lines eh, young fella?”
Zac nodded tiredly.
“You look a bit worse for wear since our paths last crossed.”
“Long story. I’ll tell you later.”
Dave chuckled.
The Still Small Voice brought a memory to the surface.
“The list in the tin!” I said indignantly, glaring at Zac. “That’s why the writing looked familiar. It’s your handwriting!”
Zac looked at me blankly.
“What are you talking about Hope?” 
Dave’s face bubbled into a grin. I eyed him suspiciously.
“You knew it was his handwriting all along!” I declared accusingly.
Dave laughed boyishly.
“Just how well do you two know each other?” I blurted out.
“Long story. We’ll tell you later!” chuckled Dave.
Ω
I redirected my attention to the other people who’d trailed Dave in and were ambling towards us.
One was unfamiliar - an awkward-looking, pimple-faced kid. Nerd looking. Like the geeks Zac sometimes brought home with him for Thanksgiving.
The second was incredibly familiar. Frank. But Frank as I had never seen him before! Jeans... T shirt, runners and a stubbly beard... His expression revealed what was going through his head... Relief... amazement... joy... seasoned with a dash of reprimand. No two ways about it. I was in for a lecture from Frank later, as well as a tongue-lashing from Zac.
The third person was a woman. Her elegant grooming contrasted starkly with my sooty complexion. We recognized each other simultaneously.
“Maya!” I squealed.
“Long time no see girl!” laughed Maya. “Zac said he had to help out a spy with information about an E/M weapons test, but I didn’t expect you to be here as well!”
Zac glanced at us both intently then caught Maya’s eye. 
“Where do you two know each other from?”
His voice was tinged with incredulity. I caught Maya’s eye, attempting to mute her, but Maya missed the hint.
“Frank’s sent us away on assignment together several times!” she bubbled. “Iraq... Israel... Beijing... We’ve co-written several articles together. Actually we were just talking about you a few days ago Heidi. Zac told me he loved your writing style and wanted to meet you one day... Except I hardly recognized you with the blonde hair though!  Mega-geek disguise girl! It looks so real, you wouldn’t know it was a wig. You could be someone’s little sister.”
Zac gave me a penetrating stare. I returned it without blinking an eyelid.
“A word Ms Cannikin,” interposed Zac, steering me off towards the far corner of the warehouse. “You have a lot of explaining to do sis!” he growled softly in Yupik, as we walked along.
“So do you!” I hissed back in our native tongue. “Since when do geophysicists help out spies anyway?”
Ω
Dave plonked his overnight bag down and grinned at Frank with tired relief.
“Well mate. The intrepid Heidi Cannikin is safe and sound. Although I have a hunch she may be out of circulation for a few months... For overseas assignments anyway.”
Frank flashed a preoccupied smile.
“Now I know the real reason she’s got a classic car on every continent. Avis wouldn’t have let her enter a rental agreement for a vehicle at her age!”
His tone hinted he was still having trouble coming to terms with the truth.
“What are you in a knot about now Frank?” asked Maya breezily.
“Maya, I don’t know how to break this to you, but your favourite foreign correspondent was only 16 when you and Rick first met her. And she’s only 19 now.”
Maya exploded with delighted laughter.
“You let a teenager drive your Porsche when you wouldn’t even let Rick drive it! Way to go Heidi!”
“Don’t rub it in. And don’t sound so calm about it. Why aren’t you throwing a fit anyway?”
“Zac’s been teaching me I can’t always control what happens, but I can control my attitude to what happens... Besides I always knew she was younger than she said she was. I just wasn’t sure how much younger.”
“When did you work out she was younger?”
“When I discovered she didn’t know how to use tampons.”
“And you didn’t tell me?!” thundered Frank.
“Why should I? She’s an incredibly inspirational person to hang out with Frank. Besides, your stance on not dishing out overseas assignments to under 21’s needs reviewing anyway. Think about it... Heidi’s won five prestigious photo-journalist awards already - she could get a job anywhere on the planet. But she keeps doing freelance work for you. Is how old she is really all that important?”
“No. I guess it’s not important. It’s just... confronting.”
Maya looked over at Zac.
“Boy... Zac’s being pretty hard on her. I’ve never seen him growl at anyone... He’s normally so placid...”
“She’s growling at him too...” countered Jake. “I wonder what that language is, that they’re growling at each other in? And I wonder how they both know it?”
“Well whatever lingo it is, it sounds like he’s got the upper hand!” laughed Frank.
“I’ve never seen this side of him,” repeated Maya. “Maybe we should go and rescue Heidi.”
“Nah... It’s nothing to worry about,” averred Dave. “It’s just your everyday brother and sister squabble.”
“But Zac’s only got one sister. Her name’s Hope.”
“That’s right.”
Maya and Jake exchanged startled glances.
“That means his dream was right...” murmured Maya in jaw-dropped disbelief.
“Freaky! His angel Jireh really does work overtime,” added Jake soberly.
Dave glanced at Jake and Maya’s awe-struck expressions.
“Long story, right?” he supplied.
“And you’ll tell us later, right?” finished Frank.
Maya and Jake nodded.
“Later as in tomorrow at the earliest Frank,” rebounded Maya. “You’ve got a front page to set up. You need to get back to your desk.”
A vapid smile.
“Pity about that. It’s been an interesting few days hanging out with your new friends Maya.” 
Dave draped an arm across Frank’s back.
“Plenty of other interesting days left, deskie... We’ll catch you round.”
“Wilco military man!” grinned Frank, as he walked off towards his BMW.


Chapter 15

Wisdom is the daughter of experience.
-Leonardo da Vinci

The smell of dinner cooking wafted through the warehouse.
“So Hope...What else did you swipe of General Luan’s?” asked Zac.
“How do you know I swiped something else of his?”
“Let’s just call it an educated guess.”
“Then you make an educated guess where I hid it,” I retorted.
To my surprise he didn’t reprimand me.
“Alright... Hey Dave, what did Hope have when you last saw her in Laverton?”
“Well... let’s see...  she had her XY... her luggage... and a Siamese cat...”
“A cat, eh?”
Zac raised his eyebrows and broke into a grin. I knew I was sprung. 
“So you were playing cops and robbers after all?” he chuckled.
I curbed the desire to poke my tongue out at him. Zac picked up Missy and fiddled with her collar. He carefully removed the slip of paper from the slit in the leather.
“What have we here?”
“Info about the Garden Island demonstration and a bunch of coordinates. I thought if I looked the places up and visited them I might get some good scoops.”
Zac scanned the fax and shook his head in disbelief.
“You might’ve got a bullet trying to get your scoop too!” he chided. “Jake... These handwritten notes are in Korean. Can you make anything of them?”
Jake studied the paper for a long minute.
“They’re the coordinates of the places North Korea intends to conduct future experimental weapons tests... Except I’m not sure what some of the words mean... Like...bal saeng shi ki da”
“....that means generate...” supplied Reece from over in the kitchen. 
“What’s ji jin mean?”
“Earthquake.”
Zac looked over at Reece with surprise.
“Our resident linguist!” grinned Pedro proudly. “He speaks nine languages. And that’s the ones he’s told us about!”
“I think our little Petrina is challenging my title of resident linguist!” joked Reece.
“Petrina can’t understand Korean... Leave the potatoes and go help them,” coaxed Dutchy.
“You’d hit it off with our mum,” I smiled, as Reece shyly approached us.
“Why?”
“She’s a linguist. And she speaks nine languages we know of too.”
Dutchy and Katja laughed and said something incomprehensible in their language. Reece fired them both a questioning look, then went and stood near Jake. Jake went to hand him the paper.
“No... you hold it. The acid residue from the potatoes might degrade the fax ink and the document sounds important.”
Zac glanced at Reece with a flicker of curiosity.
“It translates as... ‘An earthquake can be generated anywhere along the path of the U.N weather satellite X-37B or other slave satellite. To address constant changes in the earth’s magnetosphere, a secondary low flying satellite will interrogate the JORN and HAARP signals.’”
“So that’s how they’re doing it!” exclaimed Jake.
Reece went to walk off and stopped.
“Actually, that’s interesting... That first coordinate... 43.583°S, 172.701°E is Christchurch... and the next one 38.322°N, 142.369°E is Tohoku... They’re both previous sites of recent earthquakes...”
“The Christchurch earthquake was preceded by multiple reports of UFO-like lights and fireballs,” I murmured.” Maybe Luan triggered it!”
I glanced at Pedro and Reece.
“Actually Zac... that reminds me... Reece was telling me that there was an increase in ultra low frequency radio signals before the Tohoku earthquake. Did you know about that?”
“Yes... but it’s not common knowledge,” replied Zac, eyeing Reece with mounting curiosity.
A demure smile from Reece. Zac made intentional eye contact with him.
“Can you recall the third coordinate you’ve just seen?” he asked curiously.
Reece stared off into the distance with unfocused eyes.
“28.317°S, 122.843°E... Hmmm....That’s here in Western Australia... on the fringe of the Great Victorian Desert. I wonder if there’s been an earthquake there as well...”
“Yes. There was one recently. Quite near where Dave lives. And you’ve alerted us to something. Each of the coordinates is in the vicinity of a fault line - and at a guess I’d say they all correspond to past or future test sites.”
“So he’s deliberately targeting naturally stressed areas to maximize the impact of his demonstrations?” confirmed Reece. 
“Yep. Nasty chap eh?”
“Very nasty. Fortunately there are good people in the world, working to oppose him.”
Zac paused.
“You know, you’re not using a tenth of your potential working here alongside Dutchy,” he ventured.
“Why?”
“You’ve got a photographic memory... incredible linguistic ability... and obviously a good understanding of geophysics. A rather unusual skill set for a humble welder, eh?”
Reece seemed taken aback by Zac’s statement.
“I should get back to helping mother and father with the potatoes,” he replied, scurrying off towards Dutchy.
I knew Zac was probing. Reaching out with his sixth sense to confirm what I’d said about them being spies.
We both watched the exchange of foreign-speak between Reece and Dutchy. Dutchy hugged Reece caringly and eyed Zac with a hint of a smile. Zac wordlessly returned the eye contact. A silent headlock between two leaders. Dave completely ignored the impasse between them and casually took out his mobile.
“Hmmm... I’ll grab a photo of this... Might pay you to get a scan of it too for us Jake and email it through to Gordon ASAP.”
Zac glanced at me almost imperceptibly.
“You’re right Hope,” he said softly in Yupik.  “They aren’t migrants struggling to make a new life in Australia.”
“What should we do?” I breathed.
“Play along for now... Ready?”
I nodded.
“No wonder General Luan’s upset with you Sis. You could’ve got killed chasing this story...” chided Zac in English.
“Not to mention got yourself half a dozen speeding fines!” growled Dave. “That car of hers was a treat when she arrived in Laverton, Zac.”
“It was a spur of the moment decision to take the fax,” I shrugged. “Next time I’ll take photos of documents instead.”
“Hope! This isn’t a game. Luan isn’t likely to forgive and forget in a hurry. You’ve stolen information which will set his plans back months - possibly years. And that’s on top of him thinking that you eye-witnessed and possibly sabotaged the last test back at Laverton.”
“Why would he think that I did that?”
“Because of Maya’s article. Which he thinks was written by Heidi Cannikin. Who happened to be staying at Dave’s B & B when he rocked up to investigate what went wrong with the Laverton test.”
“But I didn’t sabotage the test Zac. I don’t know anything about it!”
“Well unfortunately because Hope Canney wasn’t at home safe and sound like she should have been, Heidi Cannikin is going to have to meet with an ill-fated accident. You’re going to have to adopt a new writing identity... possibly change your name... And above all you’re going to have to keep your face out of the papers and off the internet...”
Pedro pressed me close to his chest. We exchanged secret smiles.
“Don’t worry friend. General Luan is looking for a woman with black hair. And he thinks Hope is my beautiful, Spanish-speaking, blonde-haired wife... And she’s changed careers already. She’s my T/A now. She’s working with us to build a new Safehouse from recycled shipping containers. And as for permanently altering her identity, she’s considering being Petrina’s mother and my lover. So even her name may change.”
Zac looked mega relieved and genuinely happy.
“Is that right? Pedro’s a good catch sis...”
I drank in his approval.
“Nevertheless, until this is all over you’re not to take a step out of this warehouse unless chaperoned by Pedro, Dave or me.” 
“You’re grounding me like Dad does?” I protested indignantly.
“You’re grounded... Under house arrest... In protective custody... the lot! And just to make sure you understand, Reece will repeat those directives in nine languages. Comprehender?”
I looked down huffily at my feet. Maya giggled.
“He did the same to me hon. And then to make sure I didn’t escape from his protective custody he dropped me in the middle of Yellowstone Park. It’s lots of fun being grounded with your brother though...”
Everyone’s attention was diverted as Reece’s children ran through the group laughing happily. I took advantage of the moment and redirected my attention to Zac.
“So I’ve played along. What now?” I asked softly in Yupik.
“You think they’re spies, so let’s spy on them,” shrugged Zac.
“What else are you gonna do?”
“Get Dave alone some time tonight and try and make sense of the pieces of this puzzle. My gut tells me he knows more about all of this than he’s letting on, too...”
Ω
Dave walked over towards Pedro with Jake in tow. Jake surveyed the unlined sea container. Three double mattresses were made up as beds on the floor.
“Um... Zac said we’re all bunking down with you tonight.”
“Sure. Select yourself a possie for your sleeping bag.”
“Which mattress do I sleep on?”
“You choose. They’re much of a muchness,” replied Pedro warmly.
Jake took in his surroundings.
“You and Petrina don’t have very much,” he observed.
Pedro looked wistful.
“Back in Haiti... before the earthquake... we were wealthy by Haitian standards. I worked for the military. Maria and I had lots of nice things. We had a double storey home. Our four children had their own bedrooms. Nice furniture...”
Zac and I plonked ourselves down next to Jake and Dave. 
“But everything was destroyed within seconds. I lay trapped under the rubble of my home hugging Petrina... Tapping out SOS in Morse code...”
Pedro smiled at Zac and swallowed a lump in his throat.
“And God arranged it, that Zac happened to be standing near the piece of plumbing pipe I was tapping on. And he replied back in Morse. He said that he knew I was there and that he was working to free me! That was one of the highest points of my life.”
“You never told me that you rescued anyone after the Haitian earthquake Zac,” I remarked curiously.
“I managed to help a few people. I wish I could have done more. Earlier.”
Zac cleared his throat softly.
“Your brother is an unsung hero in my eyes Hope,” replied Pedro. “He rescued fifty-three other people as well as me and Petrina. Possibly more that I don’t know of.”
“They had you to thank for their rescue too Pedro...”
“I was trained to cope with disasters friend. You were a civilian.”
“How come I’ve never heard this story before now?”
Zac paused.
“You were going through a rough patch with your weight and that. And I didn’t tell mum or dad, ‘coz I didn’t want them to worry about me as well.”
Dave raised his eyebrows but said nothing.
“Tell me the whole story,” I said eagerly.
“Well... our geophysics team were in the area when the quake happened... I looked around at the devastation and didn’t know where to start. So I prayed and asked God to show me where to look for survivors. The Still Small Voice prompted me to walk towards a piece of pipe - about 200 metres to my right. I picked my way over there. And I just stood there praying... And a moment later I heard Morse code... SOS. I touched the pipe and could feel it vibrating so I replied. It was surreal. I cleared away the debris around the pipe and hauled Pedro out of the remains of his house... He was clutching Petrina. And he strapped Petrina to his back... because she was only two... then he told me to follow him. He started scaling over all this rubble like a mountain goat... to show me where the local school had once been.”
Zac paused and glanced at Pedro. Unsure if he should go on. Pedro took up the story.
“Zac spoke bad Spanish and I spoke poor English,” he said softly. “But we managed to work as a team and hauled child after child to the surface. About an hour later I found Maria and my sons. Among the dead, not the living. I was a trained soldier. I was meant to be a leader... But nothing can prepare you for the sight of people you love... gone. They had all died from lack of oxygen. Waiting to be rescued...”
I inched closer to Pedro. Acutely aware of his pain.
“Looking at Maria was like looking at an empty shell... Her face and body hadn’t altered all that much. She was just...gone. It haunted me for months... Zac took over doing the thinking for me. He led us back through the devastation to where they were setting up a refugee camp. He asked me if I had any relatives overseas. Then he contacted Dutchy. Zac stayed with us until Dutchy arrived from Australia... I didn’t want to leave Haiti, but I don’t know what our lives would be like today if we’d remained there...”
“Why?” I asked softly.
“Today it still looks like the earthquake’s just happened in Haiti. Only about 2% of the rubble’s been removed. One and half million people are living in dilapidated tents in the makeshift camps. There’s no power, running water or electricity. Cholera’s rife. Crime is rife. Girls and women are raped daily by armed men...”
I moistened my lips.
“But here in Australia, Petrina and I are safe. We have each other. And family like Dutchy and Katja. Petrina has Reece and Prada’s children as playmates. And we have special friends like Zac. And a safe place to sleep with electricity and running water. And hope for the future. These things make us very rich... We lost everything material that we owned because of the earthquake. But 316 000 people lost their lives. We still live and breathe. Material possessions pale into insignificance against the important things.”
“I guess when you put it that way, we’re all very rich,” murmured Jake. “Where did you stay anyway Zac?”
“We ended up staying in a Red Cross sea container village.”
Zac looked around.
“Talk about déjà vu,” he murmured.
Pedro laughed warmly.
“Give me a month and you won’t know it ever was a sea container, mate!” he retorted. “You just caught us at a bad time, after we were uprooted the other day. Besides, at least this time round there’s hot water!”
Zac grinned reminiscently.
“There wasn’t any hot water at the Red Cross village?” I asked.
“There wasn’t even any running water ‘til Zac and I rigged up a gravity fed tank and a thermo-siphon hot water system for them. We bathed together in two 44 gallon drums behind a tarp. Except all these kids kept peeking through the gaps in the tarp and commenting about Zac’s light skin. And he ended up so rattled that he bathed in his boardies and T-shirt.”
“Sounds like Zac. He won’t even shower with me!” teased Hope.
“I’ll shower with you!” chirped Pedro, hugging Hope around the waist.
Everyone laughed. 
Zac made eye contact with Petrina.
“I don’t remember that, but I remember bathing you in a bucket,” he said in broken Spanish. “Your hair has grown long and pretty since then.”
“You have prickly hair on your face,” replied Petrina, running her palms around Zac’s face.
“Hmmm. I am probably overdue for a shave!” chuckled Zac.
“What happened to your arm?” asked Petrina, gently tracing the bruise.
“A rock fell on it. The same rock did this to my... um... sorry I forget the word in Spanish... It’s knuckle in English.”
“Knuckle,” echoed Petrina.
Pedro and Hope exchanged bemused looks.
“What’s this part of the hand called in English, Zac?” asked Petrina in perfect English.
Pedro’s jaw dropped. 
“That’s called the wrist.”
“Wrist.”
“Here... Give me your hand... These are fingers... this is called your thumb and this is called your palm.”
Petrina grabbed Zac’s hand.  
“Knuckles... fingers... thumb... palm... wrist!”
“You speak English really well. I’m glad. My Spanish is terrible.”
“I know.”
Zac noticed Dutchy and Katja looking directly at him - beaming with delight.
“Will you tell me a bed-time story in English after my bath, Zac?” asked Petrina.
“Sure.”
The room was electric. Hope whispered something in Dave’s ear. Dave broke into a warm smile and grinned at Pedro. Zac noticed the ripple of clandestine communication around the room but decided to let it pass. He redirected his attention to Jake.
“Talking of bathing, Prada’s come out with their baby. I think we’re next in line Jake.”
“We can’t go in there yet Zac. Maya’s still in there. And she might be in bras!”
“Or less! Want me to go and check for you mate?” grinned Pedro, wriggling his eyebrows expressively.
Jake shook his head vigorously. Zac stifled a smile and took a feigned swipe at Pedro. Jake glanced self-consciously at Zac.
“Um... I might skip my shower...” he said awkwardly. “I looked at the showers before. There aren’t any walls between the showers. Or curtains... I know it’s a lot more private than a 44 gallon drum and a tarp in Haiti, but...”
Jake’s voice trailed off.
“We haven’t got to do anything about the bare bones bathroom yet,” shrugged Pedro. “Mind you, even if you’d come to stay with us last week at the hostel you would have still been in a similar position. The hostel had HIS and HERS shower-rooms. But the hot water didn’t work in the women’s. So everyone just used the mens.”
“You mean men and women used the same shower-room back at your old house too?”
“We’re family... Don’t you bathe with your family?”
“No way! Nan would hit me with something hard if I tried to bathe with her. And I’ve only known dad for a couple of weeks, so I wouldn’t bathe with him either. I don’t want him thinking I’m gay or something.”
Everyone laughed heartily. Jake looked at Zac with a pained expression.
“Hey Jake... don’t stress,” soothed Zac. “Why don’t you wait and shower later? When everyone else has finished. You can put a chair against the door. Or even bathe in the dark if you want to. I just so badly need a hot shower after our flight, I can’t be bothered waiting...”
Ω
“Um... Am I disturbing you?” asked Jake cautiously.
Reece looked up with a grin.
“Nah... Prada’s bathing our kids...I’m dressing them...Want to help?”
“Um...Okay... Except I’ve never dressed a baby before.”
“It’s not as hard as building an E/M weapon!” joked Reece.
“You know about that?”
“Dave was telling Dutchy about how your team built the E/M weapon and spoilt the Korean’s sat-based demonstration. Zac seemed reluctant to discuss his involvement however, so I moved to safer ground and asked him whether he thought the Toholu earthquake was artificially triggered. He said it was different to some other Japanese earthquakes because the total electron content of the ionosphere increased dramatically over the epicentre three days before the earthquake on March 11. And apparently satellite observations showed a sharp increase in infrared emissions from above the epicentre peaking hours before the quake... It’s certainly interesting... I’ve often wondered if what’s happening above ground electrically could be used to predict what’s likely to happen below ground... You know... an extension of the theorem the Lewis constant is derived from.”
Jake grinned.
“I’ve been thinking along the same lines myself... Where’d you get your degree in geophysics anyway?”
“I haven’t got a degree... I’ve never been to school.”
“Why not?”
“I was born in Romania and raised in an orphanage. So I didn’t get the opportunity to go to school. But I taught myself to read and speak several languages anyway... To increase my chances of getting picked for adoption by a foreigner.”
“And Dutchy and Katja picked you?”
“Yes. When I was thirteen... I pleaded with them to let Prada come too, because we’d been together all our lives and we loved each other. I told them I would support Prada. So they adopted us both. When they brought us to Australia, Dutchy told me I should go to school, but I said I wanted to learn practical skills to support Prada. So he taught me carpentry and welding. And we got married the following year. Dutchy got personal permission from the Queen for us to marry under Netherlands law. And I’ve worked for Dutchy since. But I secretly educate myself at night. When everyone’s asleep. From books and from the internet.”
“How old are you?”
“Eighteen.”
“I thought you were about my age... We’ve both still got pimples.”
Reece laughed.
“You should think about getting a couple of qualifications one day. You’d breeze through the coursework with your photographic memory.”
“Well-qualified people are sometimes so busy that they miss out on living life to the fullest... and the important things - like loving their wife and children.”
“S’pose.”
“Here... I’ll try quieten Josie. You put Narelle’s nappy on.”
Jake turned scarlet.
“What’s the matter?”
“Um... If I put her nappy on I’ll see her girl bits... What if she’s embarrassed?”
“She’s two! You’re the only one embarrassed!” chuckled Reece. “Here. She needs nappy cream as well. Her nappy rash has flared up.”
“I have to touch her there as well?”
“Well she’s too young to put it on herself there! Come on. It’s not as hard as building an E/M weapon...”
Ω
Zac stripped off and clambered into the shower, relishing the pounding water. The last four days had been strenuous... physically, emotionally and spiritually...
There was also still the problem of dealing with Luan and Tarapaca, but Zac felt quietly confident about it. Not only did he have Gordon’s backup, but Dave and Pedro both had military backgrounds and a lot of nous. And John Cunningham obviously had clout. He’d rung ahead and organized everything to make their stay in Western Australia hassle free. Right down to passes so they could enter Garden Island when necessary. 
“Come back again one of these days when you’re less busy Ataniq and we’ll have a long chinwag, eh?
 John knew his traditional name. And his father’s name... Those facts were something that anyone could find out from an intelligence database... But John had told Ryan that Kiviuq had saved his life and that a parachute cord had produced the scars on his father’s forearms and legs. And John had no reason to make up a story to explain his father’s scars... Zac remembered asking about those scars as a child. His father had told him that they’d been made by a bear cub. But Zac had often wondered what had really happened... And to top it off, the men up at the pass knew about the three bears sleepover and bears sliding down the Northern lights... That version of the Three Bears was part of their family’s camping tradition... A story that his father told them in Yupik...
Zac jolted back to reality as he became conscious of someone turning on the shower next to him.
Dave.
“You look just about asleep on your feet young lion.”
Zac drew a tense breath.
“I was just mulling over the day’s surprises.”
“Like discovering your little sister has been roaming the globe as Heidi Cannikin?”
“Amongst other things... I haven’t got to ask Hope yet. How did you two meet anyway?”
Ω
Prada plonked a towel-wrapped Riley down near Reece and helped him into his pyjamas. She glanced casually at the intense concentration on Jake’s face. Reece grinned at her and chalked a silent victory up with his forefinger. Prada’s eyes danced.
“You have a family?” she asked, as Jake struggled with the nappy.
“No, I’m not married.”
Prada sank down near Jake. She scooped up Josie and started breastfeeding him. Jake risked a momentary look, then quickly averted his gaze.
“Um... Sorry. I’ve just always wondered where it comes out from.”
Prada’s cheeks dimpled and she inched closer to Jake.
“It’s okay to be inquisitive about things. The milk comes out of these little holes in my nipple when the baby’s mouth presses these little spots here.”
“Oh. I see.”
“Pretty interesting eh?” grinned Reece.
Jake nodded cautiously and got to his feet.
“I’d better let you your kids to sleep. Maybe I’ll see you later...”
Ω
Pedro walked into the shower-room with Petrina in tow.
“Do you mind if Petrina showers with us at the same time? We usually bathe together.”
“Nah, go for it mate,” replied Dave.
Zac managed a go-ahead nod. Pedro stepped into the shower the other side of Zac and adjusted it.
“Ouch... Those shoulders friend,” smiled Pedro. “They bring back memories...”
“Painful ones!” added Dave. “Someone was carrying too much weight, eh?”
“I might have been a little overloaded.”
“Didn’t you have Leucopore?”
“We ran out. I’ve been treating the blisters with tea tree oil.”
Dave leaned closer and gently examined Zac’s chest and shoulders. Zac reddened in response to the physical contact but forced himself to remain calm.
“Looks to me like you need Condy’s or peroxide. Didn’t you ask Fiona to treat this for you?”
Zac shook his head.
“Hmmm... Remind me to fix this for you before you go to bed.”
A faint nod. Dave whistled away casually.
Zac bent down and reached for his shampoo on the floor. Eyes met eyes. An index finger traced around a sore patch near his armpit.
“Ow! Do you want a Dora Explorer bandaid?”
Zac moistened his lips.
“Thanks, but you keep them sweetie.”
Soft palms explored the contours of his chest and started drawing circles on his stomach. Zac held the shampoo bottle protectively in front of him and tried to rationalize away his embarrassment.
“Why is your skin a different colour to mine?”
“Um...We’ve both got brown skin. Mine is just a lighter brown than yours.”
“Why?”
“Because yours has got more of this pigment in it called melanin.”
“Melanin.”
Zac stood up again. Small hands brushed his thighs. Zac forced himself to ignore them as he shampooed his hair. Hands patted the bubbles that ran down his skin and traced along the contours of his pelvis. Zac’s posture stiffened.
“You haven’t showered much with kids have you?” laughed Dave.
“Only with Hope when she was little.”
“Ah... The joys of bathing with your kids await you!” grinned Pedro. “Having your privates peered at...poked...and petted...”
“And your chest hair pulled!” added Dave.
“Sounds... challenging.”
Petrina looked up at Zac.
“Daddy, why is his sticking up like that?”
“That’s his towel rail honey!” quipped Pedro.
Zac turned scarlet and repositioned his hands to shield himself.
“Four year olds are powerful people!” grinned Dave diplomatically. “Able to reduce grown men to shaking messes with just a single question.”
Zac cautiously bent down to pick up his conditioner.
“Yours looks different to mine. See?” chatted Petrina.
“Er... yes,” mumbled Zac, quickly turning his head.
Roguish laughter from Dave and Pedro.
“Did you just cop an eyeful as well mate?”
“The look on your face when she gave you that pat down a moment ago!” tormented Pedro.
“I think I’m gonna need a shower after my shower,” murmured Zac.
Dave laughed jovially.
“You know what they say... it only takes a night of passion to be a father, but it takes a lifetime of passion to be a daddy.”
Zac rinsed out the conditioner in record time and tore out of the shower. Petrina followed him out. She wrapped a towel around herself and looked on curiously as he hurriedly donned boardies and a shirt over his still-dripping body.
“Will you help me get dressed Zac?”
“Um... We might see if Hope or Maya are available... Come on. Let’s go find them.”
Dave and Pedro watched Zac bolt out the door.
“Petrina’s taken a liking to him,” said Pedro. “I wonder if she’s bothering him?”
“Nah. It does a young bloke considering marriage the world of good to get an insight into being a parent!” chuckled Dave.
“I probably should have reigned her in, but I’m just so happy she’s talking I don’t particularly care what it’s about at the moment.”
“Hope briefly mentioned you were both amazed about something she was doing. Run the whole story by me.”
“After the rest of our family died, Petrina refused to talk. She’d nod and shake her head, and cry and smile but it was like... like part of her heart was locked. Everyone kept chatting to her as though nothing was wrong and kept telling me not to worry... But I was worried... Then the other night Petrina and I were watching Hope try and rig up a thermo-siphon shower. I explained to her what was wrong with Hope’s design in Haitian and to my astonishment she let go of my hand, walked up to Hope and started chatting away to her in Spanish. Hope had only rocked up the night before and I hadn’t even spoken to her - let alone told her that Petrina was electively mute. Incredibly Hope knew enough Spanish to have a conversation with Petrina, and the two of them hit it off like a house on fire... Since then, Petrina’s been speaking to everyone in their preferred language. To me in Haitian... Vader and Moeder in Dutch... Reece’s kids in Istro-Romanian. And then tonight she started chatting away a mile a minute to Zac in fluent English. What makes that so amazing however is, we never spoke English at home in Haiti. And I’ve never taught her English. She seems to have just picked it up listening to us all chatting among ourselves and from Reece reading books to her...”
“That’s quite a story!” grinned Dave. “We’ll have to fill Zac in later, eh?”
Ω
Dave walked out of the shower-room clad in shorts, towel drying his hair. He scanned the lounging figures. Zac was not among them.
“Gordon put out a call for you and Zac when you were both in the shower,” said Dutchy.
“Ta... I’ll call him back now,” said Dave casually.
“Should I go find Zac?” asked Maya.
“Do you know where he is?”
“He said he had to get something out of the car. He asked Hope and me to dress Petrina. And delegated the bed-time story to Jake.”
“Nah... He sounds busy... Don’t bother looking for him. Just send him this way if he happens to come back inside.”
Ω
“Well... I like good endings,” announced Gordon as he emerged from Dave’s Den. “Dave said Hope is fine and everyone else is in good spirits. He’s staying at the Safehouse tonight to keep an eye on all the swinging singles. He said he’ll call you in a couple of hours to say goodnight. When everyone settles down a bit.”
Jen’s face lit up.
“You two have obviously missed each other. Phone-calls every night, whispering sweet nothings in each other’s ears.”
Jen laughed shyly.
“We’ve hardly been apart in our marriage. Except for that time, years ago.”
Gordon nodded faintly and opened the tea canister. Jen stifled a yawn.
“I saw that involuntary inspiration of the breath Ma’am!” chuckled Gordon. “Want to catch forty winks? I don’t mind sitting up and waking you when Dave rings?”
“Nah. I’m just relaxed now I know Dave’s relaxed.”
“A herbal tea and non-demanding conversation to keep you awake then until your lover calls?”
“Sounds a perfect ending to the day,” replied Jen, sagging back into the chair.
Ω
“Is Zac still not back?” asked Dave glancing at Jake.
A vintage don’t-look-at-me shrug from Jake.
“Hmmm... Those shoulders of his need attention... I might just go round him up.”
“Did something happen in the shower?” asked Jake perceptively.
“Er... We got wet!” 
Jake laughed.
“See you shortly mate,” nodded Dave, walking out the door towards the car park.


Chapter 16

How few there are who have the courage to own their own faults,
 or resolution enough to mend them.
-Benjamin Franklin

Dave walked up to the car, slid into the passenger seat and shut the door behind him.
Silence. 
Zac wiped his eyes with his forearm.
“Did blubbering about it help?”
A mute shake of the head.
“Let’s talk it through then...”
Zac fired Dave a cautious look.
“I was just about to go for a drive. Clear my head.”
“How long since you slept eight hours straight?”
“A while. I’m not sure anymore.”
“Any sleep on the plane?”
“Not much.”
“I guess you know it’s not safe to drive like that.”
Dave held out an outstretched palm. Zac handed over the keys with a sigh of resignation.
“How did you know I’d be here anyway?”
“Because you’re a lot like me. And it’s the sort of thing I would have done 35 years ago...”
“I can’t see how we’re alike. Our cultural backgrounds are different. And you’re ex-military and I wouldn’t want to be military in a million years.”
“We’re alike in other ways. We share the same intense desire to lead others by example. And help others avoid pitfalls... And like you I get angry at the people I love...”
Zac sagged his head against the car headrest and exhaled noisily.
“You’d think I wouldn’t get wound up by her eh? I mean she’s eight years younger than me... But it’s always been the same... She points out a weakness and I take on the challenge and address it.”
Dave chuckled.
“Nothing wrong with self-improvement. You just have to pick when you take on the challenge.”
“Not advisable when you’ve got jet lag?”
“Or when you’re recovering from tackling another challenge like Farliga Pass. I never take on a challenge when I’m exhausted unless it’s unavoidable.”
“Standing in a shower isn’t exactly physically demanding.”
“No. But Farliga Pass used up your emotional reserves too. And having a shower with other people can be quite daunting when you’ve never done it before.”
A guarded sideways glance.
“How did you know I’ve never done it before?”
Dave laughed.
“Bounding carotid artery... too timid to make more than fleeting eye contact with me when you normally find it easy... constantly soaping your pubic area in an attempt to shield it from me, in case I was a peeking Dave...”
Zac exhaled noisily.
“Actually I was intrigued when Maya told me you all took Farliga Pass,” ventured Dave.
“Did she tell you I froze on the rope bridge?”
“No. Although I read between the lines when I saw the photos. I’m surprised John didn’t help you make the crossing actually.”
“He was doing something else important with the Airforce blokes at the time. But he said they were monitoring our progress.”
Dave nodded.
“Did he tell you about his own experience on the rope bridge?”
“He said when you finally coaxed him across, you made him go back over again.”
“And again. We went back to the point where he’d glitched and went over the same ground again and again until he was relaxed enough to walk out on the bridge by himself and sit down on the ropes and eat chocolate with me and Jen.”
“Jen and you used to sit out there together?”
“All the time. It was one of the few places we could kiss and cuddle without being interrupted... Saw some photos this arvo which suggested another couple felt like kissing in about the same spot actually...”
Zac’s lips quivered.
“Hmmm... Something happen up at the Pass you need to talk about?”
“Stuff happened... Stuff didn’t happen... Pandora’s box territory Dave. Keep out unless you’ve got all night.”
Dave laughed warmly. Zac cleared his throat.
“The Pass was difficult for me. But tonight’s been mega-difficult.”
“I know... Take your shirt off.”
“W...why?”
“Because you coped with Hope’s challenge up to the point where I examined the ulcers on your shoulders... So that’s where we go back to, to get past this glitch.”
Zac removed his shirt and positioned his arms protectively in front of his chest. Dave read the body language.
“Okay. Let’s talk about what happened from that point.”
“I’m too ashamed to talk about it... And afraid.”
“Sounds like an echo of Eden to me.”
“Adam had it easy. He hid from God ‘coz he discovered he was naked. But no one else was around to think he was a gay paedophiliac...”
“You know, I’ve interacted with a lot of men over the years and I’ve pretty much seen it all... Early on in my career I worked out a fail-safe way of determining if physical contact is perverted. It’s called intent. Gay behaviour involves intentional contact between two people of the same gender for sexual gratification. And paedophiles intentionally involve children in their distorted scenarios...”
Zac moistened his lips.
“...but that’s different to intentionally contacting someone’s genitals for medical purposes... or contacting a child’s genitals as a parent... or light-hearted physical contact between friends in the shower... or accidental contact... or a child’s explorative contact,” continued Dave softly.
Zac drew a noisy breath.
“Watching you and Petrina interact tonight was entertaining but there was obviously no perverted intent on your part or hers. Your four year old friend was just curious to know whether your lighter skin felt the same as her darker skin... Except as a result, some things which you’ve been keeping the lid on worked their way to the surface and now you have to deal with them... How about you let down your guard and we talk about what’s really bothering you, eh?”
Ω
An awkward silence. Zac moistened his dry lips and risked looking at Dave in the fading light.
“Up at the Pass I slept in a share bag under an incredibly romantic starlit sky, centimetres from a sexy woman and my body was completely unresponsive to her. Which didn’t bother me at the time...”
“But it does now?”
“Yes... Because tonight I had to fight off an intense wave of arousal when you examined my shoulders. And I’m too scared to even think about the sensations I experienced when a four year old petted me.”
Dave laughed heartily.
“God designed our bodies to respond to touch Zac. And to sights... smells... sounds... a range of sensations. People respond to pampering in different ways depending on the setting and their mood at the time... Some people drool and doze off... others become reflective and share their secrets... others are enlivened - their bodies become acutely sensitive to touch and even the slightest brush of the hand can trigger arousal.”
Silence.
“Don’t you feel threatened sitting this close to me without your shirt on after what happened in the shower?” blurted out Zac.
“Do you feel threatened sitting this close to me without your shirt on?”
“Why should I feel threatened by you?”
“Run a background check on me some time. A few years back I escaped prison by the skin of my teeth. I was dragged through the court system... Cross examined in public about my involuntary erections... Accused of indecently assaulting three girls... Publically made out to be some type of warped parent... Ridiculed by other Christians... I had to stand down from my job because of the scandal... Jen had to keep our home running largely by herself... I couldn’t even see my own children without a supervisor for nearly two years...”
“Sounds like something I never want to go through,” murmured Zac.
“At the time it happened, I was a bloke’s fitness instructor in the Airforce. There was this other fitness instructor who worked with the women - her name was Maree. Jen and Maree were best friends. Maree was married to an Airforce pilot - Steve. Then Jen and I got married. We hung out a lot together as two couples. They had three girls. We had three boys. Then Steve got killed in a botched training manoeuvre. After his death, we kept doing things together - as a threesome with six kids. Sometimes Maree used me as a sounding board about problems she was having bringing up her girls as a widowed mum. Now and then I took Maree’s girls camping with our boys - as their surrogate father - to give her a break.”
Dave stuck his feet up on the dash.
“Occasionally we discussed more personal topics... like her needs as a woman now Steve was dead. In one of those personal conversations she asked me about involuntary erections - and specifically about my involuntary erections. I answered her questions truthfully because I thought she needed information and she could no longer pick Steve’s brains...”
“You’ve got guts. I’d never let a woman pick my brains about personal stuff like that,” murmured Zac.
A dry smile.
“I’m more careful these days. But at the time, things were messy work-wise, and all the instructors were doing their best to help each other out.”
“Why?”
“Some equal opportunities directive from the Ministry of Defence had changed our job descriptions and I was now required to provide fitness instruction to women as well as men. And Maree had to instruct men as well as women.”
“You mean lead mixed teams like Gordon’s pushing me into doing?”
A friendly chuckle.
“Well it was a little more involved than what Gordon’s expecting you to do, but you sound like you feel similar to how I felt at first. Jen was a huge help. She quietly encouraged me to take the new arrangements in my stride... Maree was pretty agro about the changes though. And because I was working with her more closely, I noticed some things about her which she’d previously kept well hidden... On top of that, men complained to me about her debauchery in the male change rooms... women approached me and quietly expressed their fears... and I had Jen’s boss asking me questions about the issues different people were raising with him.”
Dave drew a deep breath.
“Around that time, Jen and Maree had a fallout. Jen’s never properly spilled the beans about it, although I have my suspicions... And shortly after that, Maree’s girls fabricated this story that I’d wrapped my leg around them on a couple of the camping trips I’d previously taken them on. It was their word against mine, because my own boys were too young to be considered credible witnesses. And by raising the accusations, Maree effectively transferred the heat off her and onto me.”
Zac shook his head in disbelief.
“The police... Child Protection... even Christian friends, all sided with Maree because she put on the helpless widow act. The case went to Criminal Court and the prosecution brought up what I’d told Maree about my involuntary erections... It looked particularly bad for me, because when the cops had originally asked me about the camping trips, I’d naively answered all their questions honestly instead of exercising my right to remain silent. And the prosecution used my honest answers against me... For instance the cops had asked, do I sometimes wake up with morning erections - and I said yes because it was the truth. Then they’d asked if my kids hopped into bed with me at night and I said yes - because that was also the truth. But from those two statements, the prosecution made me out to be some type of pervert that touched up kids.”
Zac shook his head in disbelief.
“Then Child Protection jumped on the bandwagon and said my answers indicated my own kids were at risk as well as Maree’s. So I lost the right to live at home with them... And I lost my working with children clearance and the right to do phys-ed with kids on the base school... So reluctantly my boss had to suspend me from my regular duties. Fortunately, the position of mentoring Gordon came up and Jen’s boss recommended me for it. Otherwise we might have been in dire straits financially.”
“What a mess,” murmured Zac.
“The accusations Maree had put her kids up to making against me were false... And in the end a jury decided they were false. But it cost me a year’s salary to defend myself... And even though I was found not guilty, my reputation was tarnished. Jen’s boss was incredibly supportive through it all. He ended up pulling some strings again when the mentoring position with Gordon finished, and we got a transfer together as a family off Malmstrom Airbase... to pioneer another project...”
“Farliga Pass?”
“Yep... My new job involved mentoring Special Forces leaders and enlistees who were working in high pressure jobs like the U.S. Airforce Security Service. My strategy was pretty simple. I trained men to find the grit within themselves to tackle hard things - like Farliga Pass - and helped them confront their personal struggles and weaknesses. About a fortnight into the job, I was at the airbase getting supplies and a couple of blokes narrowly escaped death in front of my nose. I helped patch them up then up then took them both back with me to watch ‘em for shock. Later that night I ended up having a heart-to-heart with one of the blokes... He was all knotted up in his guts... for similar reasons to you... We talked through his sense of guilt until he was comfortable about his sexuality... And I shared my experiences over the past two years with him. And warned him to learn from my mistakes...”
Dave smiled reflectively.
“I thought it was a private one-off conversation with one young man. But this guy was a Native American - and he didn’t have the same inhibitions that Western men tend to have about opening up to other men. He was so freed up after our conversation that the following night he told the whole group of men about our conversation! And his openness triggered a fireside conversation about guilt which lasted several hours... One bloke talked about his guilt as a victim of incest... another talked about how dirty he felt after visiting a prostitute... I got to share about how Jesus died to free us from guilt... Blokes were blubbering... I prayed for a couple of them... The word got out that the place was unique... And even the Big Brass rocked up to attempt Farliga Pass and pour their hearts out - sometimes in private to me and other times very publically... The following year the guy came back to the Pass with his new wife, eager to spice up his marriage! His wife and Jen got on like a house on fire. And they came back every year as a couple. I still chat to the guy now and then. And he still considers me his mentor. But the truth is, every time I interact with him, I’m so inspired that I feel like he’s my mentor...”
“Sounds like a powerful friendship. I wouldn’t mind talking to him one day myself.”
A flicker of a smile from Dave.
“I might be able to arrange that... Why do you want to chat to him anyway?”
“Because you mentioned he’s Native American... I know someone whose dad’s Native American... But his dad won’t tell his son anything about what he was like when he was younger... And he doesn’t talk openly about involuntary erections the way we’re talking... And his son struggles with it.”
Dave paused.
“In my experience it’s not so much a cultural issue as a parenting issue. When kids are young their parents cuddle them... massage them... sleep with them. And kids happily shower with their parents... And chat about everything under the sun like Petrina was doing tonight... But then... around eleven or twelve... the echoes of Eden start creeping in. Most parents are still happy to continue answering their kids’ questions. Some even try and initiate discussions. But usually parents can’t handle seeing their kids squirming. And if their kids show any reluctance in a discussion, parents will generally back off and avoid the topic thereafter. I mean the last thing you want to do as a parent is make your self-conscious kid feel even more awkward...”
“I’ve never really thought about why communication about sex can stop between parents and teens.”
“Teens often turn to alternative sources for information - like peers, the internet or other trusted adults... Which is where you and I come in. We need to be armed with the correct information so we can correct any miseducation that’s happened since the glitch with their parents. And be prepared to fill in the gaps if the people we’re interacting with have missing information...” 
Dave made deliberate eye contact with Zac.
“The thing is... sometimes there’s a lot of emotional baggage attached to responses like involuntary erections. And if you haven’t quite come to terms with them yourself, it’s difficult to help others in the area...”
Zac drew a steadying breath.
“What’s the school of hard knocks taught you about involuntary erections Dave?”
“That they’re involuntary. And embarrassing when other people notice them... But they’re part of the way God has designed men. And feeling awkward, guilty or in any way negative about God’s design is counterproductive. It’s like the clay telling the Potter what type of vessel it wants to be made into.”
“So I should just accept them?”
“And understand that they’re more likely to catch you unawares when you’re relaxed or being pampered. Take what happened tonight... The shower is normally somewhere private where you relax and let your guard down. And if you have an involuntary erection there - or even a voluntary one - well it’s normally a private experience. It’s just that tonight the shower wasn’t private... and neither was your response to pampering.”
Zac self consciously moistened his lips.
“Thanks for the chat Dave... It’s good to have some perspective on some of it. Everything’s been going haywire the last few weeks...”
“What type of haywire?”
“Can of worms territory Dave.”
“Sounds scary!” laughed Dave light-heartedly. “You chatted to Gordon about the contents of your can of wrigglers?”
“I’ve been reluctant to tell Gordon most of it.”
“I thought you two were close enough to share scary secrets...”
“Gordon’s got more than enough on his plate at the moment. He needs time to get to know Jake and I don’t want to eat into their father-son time. And he needs time to adjust to his mother-in-law moving in with him too... I’m really happy that he’s got Jake and Joyce in his life now... Even if it means that the two of us won’t be as close as we used to be...”
“You know, what the caterpillar calls the end of the world, God calls a butterfly.”
Zac smiled emotionally.
“From the snippets I’ve heard over the years, you’ve undergone a metamorphosis under Gordon’s mentoring... Maybe you need a different type of mentoring to learn to use those new butterfly wings... and reproduce after your own kind.”
“Reproduce after my own kind?”
“The real function of leadership is to produce more leaders Zac. Not just followers.”
“And to learn how to do that I need a mentor who won’t let me get away with as much?”
Dave laughed.
“Your choice of words... But I happen to believe that out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaks...”
“Did anyone ever tell you you’re a scary old-timer?”
“I take exception to scary... I’ll accept confronting!” grinned Dave.
“You’re head of the team who watch the Weathermakers... I’m head of the Geophysical Research team... Our paths have never previously crossed until the other day. But what if we have to work together again?”
“I hope we do have to work together again. I felt ten years younger after hanging out with you and your pups the other week.”
“But Gordon’s our boss. If I open up to you, you might slip and tell Gordon things I didn’t want him to know... Or you might secretly think I’m... weird or something...”
“I agree opening up about something so you grow free in that area involves risk. But you can’t steal second base if you keep your foot on first.”
Zac moistened his lips.
“I know that a leader needs to be courageous enough to invest time and energy into himself as well as others but...”
Silence.
“I can’t believe you’re talking me into talking about this!” groaned Zac.
“You’re talking yourself into talking about it. I’m just sitting here waiting for you to define haywire.”
“Haywire as in wet dreams... temptation to masturbate... crazy thoughts... up and down emotions... when I’ve always had all those areas pretty much under control in the past... Which makes me wonder about my current fitness as a leader... Which is another reason why I can’t discuss it with Gordon. If a leader can’t control himself, he can’t be trusted to lead others. Agreed?”
An amused grin from Dave.
“What happened about three weeks ago Zac?”
“Um... I met you and Jen... I built an E/M weapon with the Australian team... and discovered Gordon had a biological son called Jake...”
“....and fell head over heels in love with Maya!” finished Dave.
“Falling in love does your head in like this?”
Dave’s eyes danced.
“Maya’s your first beau, eh?”
Zac nodded cautiously.
“Your testosterone’s probably through the roof then... Things’ll settle down eventually... But if you want them to settle down quicker, you two should make it a short engagement and a death-do-us-part marriage. One where you pamper each other every night and have sex as often as you can.”
“That’s the bit I’m scared about...”
“Having sex?”
Zac bit his lip and shook his head faintly.
“You know, fear makes strangers of people who would otherwise be friends,” said Dave.
Zac drew a deep breath. 
“What if I didn’t feel anything in the share-bag with Maya the other night because I’ve got early onset male menopause or something?” 
Dave doubled over with laughter.
“I’m serious Dave. What if Maya thinks I’m a stud and I’m really a dud?”
“Zac - You haven’t had a chance to tell me what happened and didn’t happen out on the Pass, but I’d dare say you were coping with a bucketful of things that would’ve put the brakes on anyone’s passion the other night - physical exhaustion... worrying about getting safely across the rope bridge... anxiety about whether Hope was okay... a respect for Maya... Jake’s presence as a chaperon... godly values... your natural coyness... pain from carrying too heavy a pack... And that’s just the things I can think of off the top of my head.”
Zac cleared his throat softly.
“I’ve never been stressed about not getting aroused before because I’ve never actively encouraged it to happen... I didn’t realize how terrible it feels inside when it doesn’t happen.”
“Hang on to that feeling. It’s given you insight into what it’s like for the single guys on your teams who don’t abstain. They feel they have to keep performing. Promiscuity puts an unnecessary pressure on young people to perform sexually - outside of the security of an accepting marriage... We all need someone in our lives to tell us we’re okay, when we’re having self doubts about our sexual prowess... And the best person to do that is our helpmeet.”
“Which is why Gordon’s tense about...”
Zac stopped mid comment. Dave’s eyes sparkled but he said nothing. 
“I’m a full-on hypocrite. Saying I’m concerned you might tell Gordon my secrets, then nearly doing the same to him.”
“Don hasn’t been secretive about his mid-life crisis around either of us. And he wouldn’t take offense at us discussing it either.”
“I haven’t known what to say to help him... My whole adult life has revolved around working out coping strategies for high testosterone levels. And even though I appreciate what Gordon’s going through is hard for him, I still feel life will be a breeze when I finally don’t have to keep on my guard.”
“Life always throws something up at you Zac, irrespective of your age. If it’s not boiling hormones, it’s loss of libido or the threat of arthritis.”
“So what did you suggest he do about what he’s been feeling?”
“I told him to make a list of challenges and get out there and do them.”
“And getting to know Jen is one of his challenges?”
“I dunno. But if it is, he’ll have a tough time!” chuckled Dave. “Jen’s got this thing about not getting too close to anyone I work with. She’s been like it since the incident with Maree...”
Ω
Gordon meandered past the massage nook then stopped midstride and started sniffing near the bottles of massage oil. 
“Looking for something?” asked Jen from the kitchen.
“Sorry. There’s a fragrance wafting out from here... It’s triggered a memory from years ago - back when I first sacked with to your other half... I’m trying to find it...”
A shy smile from Jen. She picked up the casserole she’d prepared and put it in the oven.
“Here it is... It’s coming from this bottle...” continued Gordon, pouring some oil into his palm and rubbing it with his fingertips to enhance the fragrance.
Gordon joined Jen in the kitchen and held his palm under Jen’s nose to sniff.
“Sandalwood and Jasmine...” replied Jen as she switched on the oven.
“So that’s what it is... I haven’t smelt this for years... But I’ll never forget the first night I smelt it... I don’t think I’ve ever asked either of you. Who blends Dave’s favourite massage oils? You or Dave?”
“Dave,” said Jen as she started wiping down the kitchen benches. “He did aromatherapy and massage as part of his training as an Airforce fitness instructor. Before he worked one-on-one with you.”
Gordon smiled reminiscently. 
“Those were character-building days. I never gave it much thought until recently, but I must have been a right pain in the butt. Repeatedly trying to go AWOL on Dave. Especially when he was already under pressure... I remember the night I gave up trying to leave actually. Dave had just finished chatting to you and the boys and when he put the phone down I noticed his eyes were moist... and I realized he was upset inside...”
Jen stopped tidying up and looked over at Gordon.
“I never realized he cried,” she whispered. “He was always so strong around me...”
Gordon looked reflective.
“He was strong most of the time... But that night I sensed he needed someone... it was one of those defining moments in our relationship actually... The hippy in me decided the military man could do with a neck rub... I remember helping myself to his bottle of Sandalwood and Jasmine blend then I started massaging his neck... He was surprised by my actions at first... then he let his guard down... and then all these feelings tumbled out... He told me all about Maree... Everything that had happened because of her... How much he missed you and the boys... Up until then I had no idea about what he was up against... Or that maybe he needed me as much as I needed him...”
Gordon paused.
“I guess that was a horrendous couple of years for you as well as him. Your best friend making accusations about your husband...”
Jen’s eyes clouded.
“It was my fault as well as Dave’s.”
“Why?”
“I can’t tell you!  I’ve never even told Dave!” wavered Jen.
“Jen! You look like you’re about to cry! Please don’t cry... I’m sorry. I had no idea it was still such a painful topic or I would never have mentioned it. Especially since Dave’s not here to hug you better and you don’t like hugs off me.”
Jen started sobbing. Gordon rested a cautious hand on her shoulder.
“I knew what she was like Gordon! I should have warned Dave!”
Gordon drew Jen close. He gently kneaded her neck with his fingertips.
“You massage like a woman,” sniffed Jen.
“Scary thought.”
Jen laughed emotionally.
Silence. Gordon kept massaging Jen’s neck.
“The whole Maree thing. It’s only resurfaced again recently,” whispered Jen. “Since the Canney kids rocked up.”
“Why?”
“The last night Zac stayed - when you were getting to know Jake - Zac asked Dave if he’d teach him some strokes on Maya. It was intriguing watching the two of them interact... Zac was asking question after question and soaking up every word Dave said and Dave had this glow about him... you know... like he had come out of retirement and was doing something again which he just absolutely loved...”
“I didn’t realize he felt like that,” said Gordon softly.
Thumbs pressed Jen’s neck lightly in slow circles.
“And then a few days ago, Hope rocked up and Dave had a full on conversation with her. He was completely relaxed about the conversation... He chatted away to her like the old Dave... The unreserved Dave I’d married... I was thrilled inside to see the old Dave back in action... But sad at the same time. It’s taken him all these years to get over what happened and trust single women again Gordon. If only I’d warned him, what happened with Maree might never have happened!”
“Warned him about what, Jen?” 
“I knew what she was like, but I thought she’d changed because she’d married.”
“Changed?”
“One part of her liked men and this other part hated them... And then there was this other part that liked women... too much...”
Smooth, gentle strokes kept coaxing Jen to pour out her heart.
“She was my fitness instructor when I joined the Airforce... At first I thought she was just teaching me about my body. You know... filling in the gaps in my knowledge about intimacy...”
“But you gradually realized she was bisexual?”
Silent tears ran down Jen’s cheeks.
“I might never have met Dave if it wasn’t for her. She introduced us. And we knew we were meant for each other within hours of meeting each other. We had the same goals... and wanted to do the same things... We got married... and I thought the past was the past. Except then her husband died... And that whole side of her nature reared up again... She wanted me again... I told her I loved Dave. That he satisfied my most intimate needs... And something in her snapped. She said that if she couldn’t have me, then she was gonna make sure that Dave couldn’t have me either.”
Jen wiped her eyes on her forearm.
“I should have warned him Gordon... But I was too ashamed!”
Gordon exhaled softly.
“And you’ve never told Dave about any of this?”
“No... I’ve always been too disgusted about what I nearly became. And what she wanted me to be again once she lost her husband... But all these years I’ve wondered... if I hadn’t of resisted her... if I’d let her have her way with me... she might never have attacked Dave the way she did...”
“I understand what you’re saying Jen. But you know, the converse is true too. If Tess was alive, and she told me she had the fortitude to resist someone who wanted to destroy our marriage, then I would have been proud as punch of her...”
Silence. Gordon hugged Jen closely.
“Thanks Gordon... Thanks for being a sounding board.”
“You were my sounding board the other night, remember?”
A faint smile.
“Are you going to tell Dave my secret?”
“How about I let you tell him? When you’re ready, eh?”
Silence.
“This... this is awkward all of a sudden,” murmured Jen.
“Wasn’t all that top-to-toe training of Dave’s supposed to make us immune to awkward?” retorted Gordon cheekily.
Jen laughed emotionally and broke away from the contact.
The phone rang. Jen drew a calming breath and picked it up. She listened for a moment then looked over in Gordon’s direction.
“It’s John... for you. He’s aboard the Jefferson. You might want to take the call down in Dave’s den. I have to go out and pick up a guest who’s arriving shortly. I’ll serve dinner when we get back...”
Ω
“Was Jen a fitness instructor too?” asked Zac.
Dave shook his head.
“Nah. She was a secretary for the Big Brass at Air Intelligence. They called her Wonder Woman, because she always managed to pick up little details which made a big difference and sometimes even cracked cases wide open... That’s how the position of mentoring Gordon came up actually. Her boss slotted me into it because Air Intelligence needed Gordon, but Gordon refused to enlist. And because I was responsible for Gordon 24/7 it made it easier to cope with missing my family. When my own mess was finally sorted out, Jen’s boss created another tailor made opening for us out at Yellowstone. We stayed there for years - mentoring leaders... honing the survival skills of the best of the best... And then Air Intelligence ended up joining us out at the Pass... They reckoned they couldn’t do without Wonder Woman on their team, so they moved their headquarters out to us!”
“Which explains all the satcom gear up at the Pass.”
“Ah ha.”
“So John was Jen’s boss?”
“John was 2IC at the time so we saw a lot of him... He took the helm when Chad’s ticker gave up. Just before we retired ourselves.”
The pieces fell into place. Zac moistened his dry lips.
“For years we spent nine months of the year up at the Pass training blokes and the three coldest months of the year travelling as a family. Every year while the kids were growing up, we visited a different country. Australia was one of our favourite destinations however. Two of our boys married Aussie girls. And when Gordon asked us to establish a B & B near JORN and head a team that monitors weather modification activities in Western Australia, we both knew we’d found the ideal semi-retired lifestyle.”
“I admire Christians like you who can flourish in the armed forces. I couldn’t handle the cognitive dissonance.”
“I’ve never killed anyone Zac. I’d kill someone to protect the people I love. But I don’t support senseless wars anymore than you do. The way I saw it was, every man I worked with up at the Pass was somebody’s son, maybe someone’s brother or husband... or father... And I was in a position to impart wisdom to that man... teach him additional survival skills... improve his fitness... give him the edge... prepare him emotionally, physically and spiritually... to maximize his chances of being reunited whole with family after his assignment.”
“Sounds like an intense version of what I do with my research teams.”
“I told you we have more in common than you realize.”
“Thanks for being a sounding board Dave.”
“My pleasure young lion... Come on. Let’s nip inside and see what everyone else is up to, eh?”

Chapter 17

Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress.
-Thomas Edison

Zac walked inside and looked around for Hope. He smiled at the sight of her lounging alongside Pedro on a mattress. He located Maya and Jake - they were sitting on another mattress surrounded by a sea of photos. 
“We’ve been helping Dutchy and Katja sort their photos.”
“Looks like organized chaos!” laughed Zac.
“For that comment you can help us... If it’s a colour photo and it’s got people in it, put it in this box because it’s probably their family... And if it’s scenery it goes in this box, because it’s somewhere they’ve been... And if it’s black and white it goes in this pile because most of those photos are of their old friends after the war...”
Zac plonked himself down on the floor between Jake and Maya. Dutchy tossed down some more photos for sorting and eyed Dave.
“John called while you were outside. Use the office.”
Dave nodded. Zac picked up the sense of familiarity between the two men and looked up at Dave curiously.
“How did John Cunningham know to ring you here?” he probed.
Dave paused.
“I guess he rang Gordon,” he replied, as he walked towards the office area.
Zac’s eyes followed Dave into the office. He glimpsed the array of communication equipment through the door and gasped in realization. He made tense eye contact with Hope.
“Dave and Dutchy know each other well,” he whispered in Yupik.
“But they pretended they’d never met!” I said with alarm. “Maybe Dave’s a spy too! Zac - we’ve got to leave tonight while they’re asleep!”
“Stay calm Sis. I’m trying to get to the bottom of it.”
“Dutchy’s looking at you Zac.”
“I know. But he can’t understand us Sis. It’s okay.”
Zac redirected his gaze towards Dutchy and picked up a flicker of amusement in his grey eyes. Dutchy broke off the eye contact and stretched noisily.
“Time to make some hot chocolate for our young guests,” he announced in English, extending his hand towards Katja and pulling her to her feet.
Ω
Dutchy and Katja walked off towards the kitchen area... Zac drew a deep breath and pushed away his nagging sense of bewilderment. He desperately wanted to talk to Gordon in private. And ask him about John. And Dutchy and Dave. And the list...
Last year Gordon had given Zac a list of Safehouses. Zac had memorized the list at Gordon’s request. He’d even taught some of the addresses to Hope as well... Having no need to use them however, he’d gradually forgotten about the list...
Until Dutchy had told Dave to contact John...
It was like the lights had gone on as he glimpsed inside their office moments later... Dave and Jen’s B & B was also called Banja Station on the Laverton-Leonora Road... The hostel at 1023 Rockingham Beach Road was Dutchy’s old address... And both addresses were on Gordon’s list of Safehouses. That had to be more than a coincidence.
Zac’s focus shifted to Pedro and Hope as they got up and headed off to check on Petrina. Zac watched them meandering together hand in hand. Back at Farliga Pass, John Cunningham had joked that his sister was Pedro’s informant. And he was right... What were the chances of a guess like that being correct? Had John known all along because of a tip off from Dutchy?
There is was again... That strange feeling that the boundaries between family, work and leisure were becoming blurred. Intertwined.
Maya’s voice broke through his silent introspection.
“Hey, check out the hunk in this photo! He looks just like you with black hair, Zac.”
“Well it isn’t me,” replied Zac. “My hair’s always been blonde. And I wasn’t an adult during the black and white film camera era either.”
“Well I still think he looks like you.”
Maya passed Zac the photo. Zac looked at it and raised his eyebrows with surprise.
“You’re right. He does look a bit like me.”
“Here’s another photo of him... With his arm around a woman’s waist. Are you sure you’re not two timing on me?”
Zac laughed warmly. He glanced down at the second photo and only just managed to hide his astonishment as he recognized the woman.
“Where are you getting all these old photos from anyway?” he asked, trying to mask his astonishment.
“They’re in this envelope together. Here. Put them in the box in front of you. The one with all the old black and white photos in it.”
Zac diffidently thumbed through the other photos in the envelope. He slowly absorbed the story they told... The young man and woman climbing the same cliff-face he had just climbed out at Farliga Pass... the couple - scantily clad - embracing each other in a pristine thermal spring... the young man - wearing just G-strings - diving into a water-hole with a huge grin on his face...
Zac’s jaw dropped as he looked at the final photo. It was a head and shoulders shot of two bare-chested men - their arms draped over each other’s shoulders. The scars on the forearms of one man made him easy to identify. The other man had not appeared in any of the previous photos but time had hardly changed his soft eyes and accepting smile. The men’s beaming expressions allured to the depth of their friendship. Zac struggled to make sense of the latest bombshell.
His father and Dave knew each other really well...
Ω
Maya stretched noisily beside Zac.
“Is the shower-room free of fellas?” she asked no one in particular. “I need to go to the loo.”
Zac looked around.
“Everyone seems to be out here... Want me to check with you in case?”
“I can check with her,” offered Jake. “I might have next shower anyway.”
Zac nodded and pushed himself to his feet. 
“I might just go over and see if Dutchy and Katja want help bringing the drinks through.”
“Okay. See you in a minute.”

Courage is knowing what not to fear.
-Plato

Zac walked over towards the kitchen area deep in thought. His dad had always been reticent around him. ‘Culturally restrained’ his mother called it. But the people he had met in the past twenty-four hours apparently knew a very different Kiviuq. A living legend among his friends. Brave and quick acting in a crisis... transparent about his weaknesses... A forerunner who had left his imprint on Farliga Pass. And now Dutchy’s photos revealed a gregarious, outgoing side of to his father which Zac had never encountered either...
The photos suggested his father was decidedly ‘culturally unrestrained.’ Even his mother was wearing a bikini in the photos. Which suggested there was a very different side to his mother as well as the prim one he knew too... It all seemed so surreal.
Zac reached the kitchen area and stopped dead in his tracks. Dutchy was holding a handgun to Katja’s head.
Ω
Reece walked into the bathroom and went to reach for the light switch. He paused as he caught sight of the dim glow of a pocket torch and a towel clad body standing under the running shower. Reece left the light off. Jake visibly jumped as Reece approached him.
“W...What are you doing?”
“Having my shower!” laughed Reece, as he stripped off his clothes.
“Oh. Sorry. I thought everyone else had already showered and I was the last one. I’ll get out now. So you can turn the lights on.”
“No. The torchlight is nice to shower by for a change...” replied Reece, as he stepped into the shower alongside Jake.
Ω
Zac dived for Dutchy’s legs in an alarmed attempt to spoil his aim. To his astonishment Dutchy nimbly avoided the tackle. Zac slid past the elderly couple on his stomach, narrowly avoiding collision with the kitchen cupboards. He hurriedly spun around to see what was happening. To his bewilderment Katja now held the handgun.
Surreal no longer aptly described what was happening around him.
Katja motioned Zac to his feet with the gun. Zac tried to hide his terror and meekly complied. 
“Our guest seems rather tense,” observed Katja casually.
Dutchy eyed Zac and grinned amicably.
“Sometimes sleepers wake up grumpy!” he replied, in fluent Yupik.
Ω
Jake timidly tightened his grip on his towel.
“Are you scared of being seen naked?” asked Reece nonchalantly.
“Yes. Aren’t you?”
“No. I think the human body is beautiful all over... Intricately designed inside and outside.”
“S’pose.”
“Are you scared of seeing other people’s bodies naked as well as being seen naked?”
“I’m not as scared as I used to be. But it still makes me feel awkward.”
“Then I’ll wear a towel in the shower like you’re doing. So you feel less awkward...”
Ω
Zac reddened with chagrin as he realized Dutchy could speak his native tongue.
“Sit!” ordered Katja.
Zac sank jelly-legged into the nearby kitchen chair.
“This time don’t get in the way. Your mother would tell me off if I wounded you.”
Zac watched with dry-lipped fascination as Katja held the handgun to Dutchy’s head and Dutchy disarmed her. They repeated the manoeuvre several times on each other in turn.
“You try,” announced Dutchy, nodding in Zac’s direction.
Zac warily complied.
“You tackle like a nervous woman! Again. Come at me...”
Zac repeated the manoeuvre more aggressively.
“Better. But still not fast enough. You still would have been shot in the rescue attempt. Again. Come at me...”
Ω
Maya peered cagily at Zac and Dutchy from behind the sea container door. She startled as Dave draped his arm gently around her shoulder.
“He’s okay... The old Schoolmaster’s just teaching him a few tricks.”
“Why?”
“You never know when he might need to protect you, eh?”
Maya drew a deep breath.
“I might go pick up some tips from the Schoolmaster myself.”
“Why?”
“You never know when I might need to protect him, eh?” retorted Maya, as she walked over to join Zac and the others.
Ω
Jake risked looking at Reece.
“Did you feel awkward about Prada seeing you in the nuddy, when you first got married?”
Reece chuckled warmly.
“No... I was having so much fun exploring her body and enjoying her touch that I didn’t have time to be self conscious.”
Jake cleared his throat.
“I’ve always worried that my thing might not be big enough to make a girl feel nice when I get married.”
“Why?”
“Coz it’s littler than other men’s things.”
“How do you know it’s littler?” 
“I’ve seen pictures on the internet.”
“Pictures can be doctored. Made to look like reality when they aren’t.”
“Maybe some of the pictures on the net are fake. But I glimpsed Zac’s the other day when he was having a pee. It’s much bigger.”
“Zac’s much bigger than you all over!” laughed Reece. “If you’re gonna compare yourself to someone, at least compare yourself to someone your own build and height. Like me...”
Ω
Pedro and I joined Dave. We watched Maya stealthily approach Dutchy then tackle him from behind. 
“Ouch!” groaned Pedro, biting his lip.
“She shouldn’t have done that...” breathed Dave, rubbing his creased brow with his fingertips.
“Why not?” I asked casually.
Pedro and Dave exchanged pained expressions. 
I watched Dutchy turn around slowly and break into a surprised grin.
“You tackle like a trained soldier,” he said with a hint of admiration. “Come and help me teach Zac how to do the same, eh?”
Ω
“C... Compare myself to you?” stammered Jake.
“Well you’ve been comparing yourself to unrealistic pictures on the internet and to people who are bigger than you. Go ahead. I don’t mind you looking at me.”
“I couldn’t! It’s...”
“...gay?” finished Reece breezily.
Jake nodded cautiously.
“Do you think it’s gay for girls to do it?”
“Maybe not girls.”
“Well boys like us were called girls in the fourteenth century. And girls were gay.”
“Huh?”
“Girl was a term to describe any young person. Young women like Hope and Prada were called gay girls and young men like us were called knave girls.”
Jake chuckled.
“I must ask Zac if he knows that. Seriously though, wouldn’t you think I was weird if I looked at you there?”
“No it’s not weird. I’m just being your brother, since you’re an only child and don’t have a brother to talk things through with. Prada and I used to do it at the orphanage all the time. We answered all the kids’ questions... Look here... Let’s compare hands. See our palms are about the same size. So are our fingers. And see our chests are both about the same size. Your turn now. You compare us down there now. But I won’t look at yours. See I’ll shut my eyes. And open my towel so you can look properly. Then you can stop worrying about something you’ve always worried about...”
Ω
Maya let out a shriek of alarm as Dutchy unexpectedly held the gun to her head. Zac forcefully dived at Dutchy and knocked the weapon flying from his hand.
“Much better. Love is a powerful motivating force, isn’t it?”
Zac refused to reply and scuffled with Dutchy until he had him pinned down.
“If you ever point a gun at anyone on my team again I’ll punch your lights out!” he seethed with tight-lipped anger.
Dutchy’s wrinkled face broke into a toothless grin. Dave and Pedro simultaneously shook their heads.
“Double ouch!” groaned Pedro, clapping his hand on his forehead.
“He really shouldn’t have done that...” sighed Dave.
“He’ll be alright. Dad’s taught him to fight,” I shrugged casually.
Ω
Maya glanced at Dutchy and Zac with a hint of concern.
“Um... He’s old Zac. Maybe you should get off him.”
Zac redirected his gaze momentarily towards Maya, but before he had time to reply, he found himself rolling on the floor and then pinned down underneath Dutchy.
“Losing your focus can be fatal. Let’s reinforce that principle.”
Zac gasped in horror as Dutchy produced a knife.
“Disarm me,” he ordered, holding the knife to Zac’s throat.
Zac responded instinctively and sent the knife sailing. Dutchy rolled onto his feet then produced another knife. He held it to Maya’s throat.
“Disarm me!” he repeated.
Zac lunged swiftly at Dutchy and knocked him roughly to the ground, then patted him down in search of further weapons.
“Get the other side of the table, Maya!” ordered Zac.
“Kiviuq has trained you well after all!” chuckled Dutchy.
“Who’s Kiviuq?” asked Maya.
“My dad.”
“Your dad’s into self-defence?”
“Later,” puffed Zac, keeping wary eye contact with Dutchy.
To Zac’s disbelief, Dutchy curled into a ball and somehow slipped from his grip again. They rolled again, then Dutchy pinned Zac down.
“Oh no you don’t! I’ve worked out how you do that now!” growled Zac, breathing heavily.
Dutchy laughed shrewdly as Zac twisted and turned then pinned him to the ground.
“Good... now we learn to do this!” chuckled Dutchy, hurling Zac through the air.
Zac landed with a sickening thump near Katja.
“You’re crazy! You’re gonna get hurt, old man.”
“You need to learn to fall properly or you’ll get hurt,” replied Katja. “Roll like this.”
Zac fought off his confused exhaustion as he watched the elderly woman roll across the hard floor like she was a teenager.
A moment later Dutchy tackled him again.
“Now strike me... Roll... Kick me... Good... Roll... Hit me... Much better. You’re a natural. Like Helen.”
“Who’s Helen?” asked Maya.
“My mum...” replied Zac, gasping for breath.
“Your mother’s into martial arts?”
“Apparently.”
Katja and Dutchy laughed congenially. Zac finally managed to smile.
“Okay... You call the shots old man. How do we put an end to this crazy teaching session of yours, before I get hurt?”
“You have to defeat me,” replied Dutchy.
“How can I defeat you when you know every move I know?” gasped Zac.
“Try something your parents haven’t taught you,” suggested Maya from the sidelines.
Zac thought briefly then at lightning speed, restrained Dutchy in a fireman’s lift. Dutchy laughed jovially.
“An unconventional restraint manoeuvre which I have never taught your parents. I accept defeat Ataniq!” he chuckled.
Zac fired Dutchy a stunned-mullet look and carefully placed him back on the ground.
“You let me win. We both know you could have wriggled out of that easily.”
“Why’d he call you Ataniq?” asked Maya.
“Dad calls me Ataniq.”
“It means fearless leader,” explained Dutchy. “Like father like son,” he added in Yupik.
Zac was unsure what to say in response. Katja sensed his ambivalence.
“Time you boys stopped play-fighting. Here. Drink up,” she said handing Dutchy and Zac their warm drinks.
Ω
Jen lit the scented candles at the dinner table.
“I can’t believe you’ve gone to all this trouble to welcome me!” purred Fiona. “You picked me up at the airstrip... and while I was freshening up you turned the dining room into a 5 star restaurant.”
“Hospitality’s our livelihood these days. Pour yourself an ice tea... I’ll just be a moment.”
Jen clandestinely pressed the buzzer in the kitchen which sounded down in Dave’s den. Fiona’s eyes widened as the pantry door opened and someone stepped out.
“That casserole smells scrumptious...” said a dignified male voice.
“Have a seat. I’ll just be a moment.”
Gordon ambled towards the candlelit table and froze mid-stride. Jen came up behind him and gently pushed him down into the closest chair.
“Gordon!” exploded Fiona.
“Fiona!”
“It’s so good to see you!” they said in unison.
Joyful laughter tinged with self-consciousness.
“Jen said she had to pick up a guest, but I never dreamt it might be you!”
Gordon reached forward and grasped both of Fiona’s hands in his and squeezed them. Simultaneously he noticed the cutlery on the table.
“Jennifer... Why are there only two places set?”
Jen laughed breezily and picked up an apple out of the fruit bowl.
“Goodnight you pair. See you in the morning!” she smiled, closing the door behind her.
Ω
Zac finished his hot chocolate and nodded at Katja.
“Thanks... That touched the spot.”
Katja smiled affably.
“Here. Let me take the drinks over to the others for you,” offered Zac, taking the tray from Katja.
“I can take the biscuits,” added Pedro with an impudent grin as he bounded up to the group.
“If you take the biscuits they won’t make it over there!” retorted Katja, handing the plate to Maya.
“Trouble brewing Vader?” asked Pedro softly, when Zac and Maya were out of earshot.
“Our young friend is running on adrenaline, so I thought I’d tire him out a little.”
“Hope no longer seems relaxed around me either. Why are they both upset?”
“Don’t worry. They’re both just being vigilant now they’re together. As Kiviuq and Helen have taught them to be.”
“They’re part of Kiviuq and Helen’s team?” echoed Pedro, breaking into a surprised smile.
“Very much a part!” replied Dutchy. “But for now, pretend that you don’t know...”
Ω
Pedro returned to the group and plonked himself between Zac and Dave.
“Is Jake still in the shower?” he asked.
“I think so,” replied Zac. “Do you need to speak to him?”
“Nah, but he might need rescuing. Reece joined him in the shower-room when you and Dutchy were scrumming earlier.”
“Oh.”
“And Prada joined Reece a moment ago. They always shower together after they’ve settled their kids.”
“What!?”
“Well I’m sure Prada will discover her mistake and walk out again,” said Dave, holding back his grin.
“I doubt it!” laughed Pedro. “Reece and Prada still behave like they’re kids in a Romanian orphanage whenever they hit the showers.”
Dave’s eyes sparkled. Zac looked at Pedro blankly.
“As in the let’s-compare-genitals institutionalized behaviour?” asked Dave, when Zac said nothing.
“As in the let’s-pet-each-others-genitals-and-who-cares-if-someone-sees-us post-institutionalized behaviour!” grimaced Pedro.
Zac’s jaw dropped. Dave doubled over with laughter.
“The first time I accidentally walked in on them, I didn’t know whether to feel embarrassed or fascinated...” continued Pedro. “I just stood there stunned.”
“Maybe they didn’t bother to stop petting because you’d previously been married,” smiled Dave.
“I should go and rescue Jake,” murmured Zac, tiredly pushing himself to his feet.
Dave tugged Zac back down again.
“You need to unwind mate. Give Jake another five minutes... He’ll probably come tearing out any moment anyway...”
Ω
“You were right,” said Jake softly. “We are about the same size. And you’ve fathered three kids.”
“And Prada says I make her feel nice!” added Reece with dancing eyes.
“So mine will be big enough...”
“I think what matters more than size is finding out how your wife likes to be stimulated as early on in your marriage as possible. Prada reaches orgasm through gentle stimulation on her clitoris. Whereas some women prefer stimulation inside their vagina.”
“Oh.”
Reece glanced quizzically at Jake.
“You don’t want to continue our conversation?”
“I want to continue it. I just get embarrassed very easily. By words. Like names of body parts.”
“I understand. Actually, talking of body parts, yours is peeking out a little bit and you might get embarrassed if it peeks out any more. Here... Let me help you... There... If you wrap a towel around yourself this way it doesn’t come off as easily when it’s wet.”
“It does too!” giggled Prada, stripping Reece’s towel off his waist.
Reece laughed with pleasure and swung around and kissed Prada passionately. Jake’s eyes widened with terror as he grasped his towel tightly.
“You look frightened new friend,” smiled Prada. “Haven’t you seen a woman strip her husband’s towel off before?”
Jake just managed to shake his head.
“Have you seen a man gently remove his wife’s bathrobe and sensuously pet her shoulders like this?” grinned Reece.
“Never,” replied Jake, shaking his head vigorously.
“Well I saw something interesting before,” chortled Prada. “I saw a man peeking at you when your eyes were shut. So I peeked too!”
“I know! I heard you come in.”
“But if you saw me peeking at him, that means you saw him adjusting my towel!” groaned Jake.
Prada and Reece laughed infectiously.
“I didn’t see much. My eyes were still adjusting to the dark,” replied Prada. “But I heard what Reece was telling you though and he’s right... Size isn’t important. Understanding where to stimulate a girl is what really matters. Since you are too embarrassed to talk about it, why don’t Reece and I show you?”
Ω
“Prada’s been in there at least five minutes,” ventured Zac. “And Jake hasn’t come tearing out as we expected.”
“Want me to go check up on him for you?” asked Dave.
Zac nodded tight-lipped.
“Well I’m not going to. You can’t hire someone else to do your push-ups for you Zac... Now get in there yourself.”
Zac reluctantly pushed himself to his feet.
“Alright. But if I’m not out in one minute, come in and rescue me.”
“You’ll be right,” said Dave confidently.
Ω
Maya and I wandered over to join Pedro and Dave. Dave was watching Zac walk off towards the bathroom. His stern expression devolved into restrained amusement as I plonked myself down next to him.
“What?” I smiled.
Dave’s eyes danced.
“Sorry. I’m just intrigued at how different you two Canney kids are... Actually that expression he’s wearing reminds me of the look on his face the first night we met.”
“Why?”
“Remember the other night, when I was telling you about the Professor that sprung Jen and me having a midnight romp on our tramp...”
I broke into a huge grin. Maya looked at me and started giggling.
“Zac caught Dave and Jen out? He didn’t tell me!” she squealed.
I bit my lip to stifle my amusement.
“You’ve got to tell me the whole story!” pleaded Maya, drawing me closer. “We’re still besties. Even if I’ve been calling you Heidi instead of Hope all these years!”
Dave smiled and pushed himself to his feet.
“Well while you two giggling girls gossip, I might just have a quick chat with Dutchy... See you both shortly.”


Chapter 18

We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking that we used when we created them.
-Albert Einstein

Zac stealthily opened the bathroom door - surprised to see the lights weren’t on. He gave his eyes a moment to adjust, then peered through the steam towards the solitary torch beam, and stared at the cluster of three teens standing tête-à-tête around it. Jake was clad in a towel. Reece and Prada were naked silhouettes.
“Most girls like to be touched on this bit here,” he heard Prada say. “But only gentle touch. Not rough.”
Zac’s jaw dropped in astonishment. Reece looked up with a grin and held his finger to his lips.
“So that’s the bit that produces the orgasm?” confirmed Jake.
“Yes. And the other bit I really like Reece touching is just here.”
“That close to your entrance?”
“Ah ha.”
Reece caught Zac’s eye again and glanced towards the door. Zac hurriedly turned on his heel.
“If the sensitive bit’s that near the entrance, then size really isn’t an issue...” ventured Jake.
“That’s right... So now you can stop worrying about your size. Right, little brother?” said Reece, grinning as Zac scurried silently out of the bathroom.
Ω
Zac avoided eye contact with Dave and plonked himself face down on his mattress. Maya glanced perceptively at his crimson ears.
“So is Jake okay?” she asked gently.
“Yep.”
“Are you okay?”
“Yep.”
I could sense Zac’s legendary calm was developing significant cracks.
“You copped an eyeful. I can tell!” I tormented.
Zac sat up abruptly.
“SShhhh... You’ll wake Petrina!” he snapped.
“Prude.”
He looked injured and I felt instantly contrite. 
An awkward silence. Dave rested a hand on Zac’s forearm.
“Gordon contacted me again a moment ago,” he said breezily. “There’s a strategy meeting over at Garden Island in the morning. Like to tag along?”
A mute nod of agreement.
“Well in that case, we’d best do something about those shoulders of yours now... Before you get yourself too comfortable and nod off...” 
Dave casually stood up and tugged Zac to his feet.
“Come on. Bring your sleeping bag so you’ve got something to lie on and let’s find ourselves a private possie eh?”
Ω
Zac trailed Dave over to the opposite corner of the warehouse. Dave took the sleeping bag off Zac, spread it out, then sprawled himself out comfortably. Zac sat down cautiously next to Dave. Tension exuding from his tired features. Dave waited.
“Don’t ask!” blurted out Zac.
“Don’t need to. Your face says more than enough,” replied Dave gently.
Silence.
“If it helps, I had a quick word with Dutchy while you were checking on Jake. Apparently Reece and Prada have been playing parents-show-and-tell with him all night. You know, showing him how to apply nappy cream, how to dress a squirming rug-rat, how to express breast-milk...”
“...and I walked in on the parents-show-and-tell sex-ed lesson,” finished Zac.
Dave tried to look sympathetic.
“Two doses of show-and-tell sex-ed on the same night? Ouch!”
Zac shut his eyes tiredly.
“I never want to experience another day like today.”
“Hey, if you don’t think every day is a good day, just try missing one.”
“All right. Every day’s a good day. I just want this particular good day to end.”
“Want me to get Maya over here to speed up time for you?”
“Huh?”
“You know what Albert Einstein said? Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute and it seems like an hour... Sit with a pretty girl for an hour and it seems like a minute. That’s relativity.”
“Well relatively speaking, on a scale of one to ten I think I’ve got a stress-related headache that’s eleven.”
“I’ve heard laughter’s the best medicine for that particular complaint. Although my personal preference is a sensual endorphin-releasing massage from Jen.”
Zac took a tired swipe at Dave.
“I give up. It’s impossible to feel sorry for myself around you anyway.”
Dave laughed and feigned protest.
“Hey... I organised a one-off return trip back to where you glitched tonight because you looked fragile after trying something new. If the Holy Hound of Heaven has dragged your butt back across the bridge for the second time tonight, you’ll have to take that up with Him, not me!”
“I’ve always seen myself as prudent. But Hope’s perceptive. Maybe in trying to uphold a high standard it’s coming across to others as prudish.”
“Prudishness can be a positive or a negative attitude. If you’re prudish out of a pure heart that’s different to if you’re prudish out of fear...”
“...because there’s a different intent... You’re right... I’m being dragged back over that bridge again...”
Dave chuckled.
“Come on. Can’t treat those shoulders with your shirt on...”
“Maybe I should just do this myself.”
“So you can avoid that bit of the bridge where you stumbled earlier tonight?”
Zac’s shoulders sagged. Dave laughed and tossed a cushion at him.
“Meet you in the middle of the bridge. Here... hide your lap with this.”
Zac caught the cushion and intentionally put it aside.
“The embarrassment didn’t kill me last time. And I’m not gonna regain self control in this area by taking short cuts.”
“I like your attitude. Especially after you’ve had so much thrown at you tonight. Tell you what, let’s cross the bridge together while we patch you up, eh?”
“Okay.”
Silence. Dave eyed Zac contemplatively.
“What?”
“I feel like making the bridge crossing without a safety harness. Gonna join me?”
Zac nodded with cautious agreement. Dave slowly unbuttoned Zac’s shirt.
“You’re pretty tense. Changed your mind about crossing without that safety harness?”
“No. I trust you.”
Dave ran his hands across Zac’s chest in smooth, gliding movements, working his way down to Zac’s stomach.
“Comfortable about this?”
“Borderline, but you’ve got me curious.”
“Okay... now shut your eyes...”
Zac cautiously complied.
“No peeking...”
Zac chuckled.
“Now pretend it’s not me doing this... imagine it’s Maya exploring the contours of your naked body with her soft fingers... dishing out her R-rated version of Petrina’s pat-down on your honeymoon...”
Zac’s eyes snapped open. He blushed and fired Dave a startled look. Dave grinned mischievously and removed his hands.
“Thought as much. Someone’s got wedding night jitters on top of everything else, eh?”
“We haven’t set a date yet,” replied Zac awkwardly.
“That’s not what I asked.”
A flare of panic. Zac quickly tamped it down.
“You know, sometimes it’s better to pull the bandaid off quickly...” said Dave softly.
Zac moistened his lips.
“I guess I’m a bit hung up about the naked bit. One part of me daydreams about how fulfilling it will be to lie naked near Maya...and shower with her... But the other part of me is embarrassed to even think about it.”
“Might pay to start sleeping naked by yourself - it’ll help you feel more relaxed about the idea.”
“That suggestion is gross!”
Dave rubbed his mouth to disguise his grin.
“That response is revealing!”
Silence.
“You know God never intended Adam to be ashamed about his nakedness Zac. Adam didn’t have any hang-ups about going for evening nicky walks in the garden with his Creator. And before the Fall, Adam and Eve were completely uninhibited as a couple. They did everything together in the nuddy... slept...swam...climbed trees... romped around in the wildflowers... Pity they never got around to writing a book about lovemaking before the Fall. I reckon it would have made real interesting reading.”
Zac cleared his throat softly.
“You’re so relaxed about your sexuality Dave. I dunno whether to be scared stiff of you or emulate you.”
Dave chuckled.
Silence.
“Did you have wedding night jitters?” asked Zac cautiously.
Dave smiled reminiscently and casually started applying the Condy’s Crystals to Zac’s shoulders.
“We were both a bit coy. We made love in the dark on our wedding night... showered separately and got dressed with our backs to each other. Then - on the third evening of our honeymoon - Jen was lying on the floor admiring the sunset from our hotel window and I was rubbing moisturizer on her back and I unclipped her bikini top and she allowed it to fall away altogether, then more clothes came off us both. Didn’t end up putting clothes back on until the next day... we rolled around on the floor... climaxed... enjoyed the afterglow for a while, showered together... cuddled together again and fell asleep skin on skin... And for me at least, I remember that night as the first night we felt like we were one flesh. Even though we’d had sex the previous two nights.”
Dave put the Condy’s solution aside.
“There... That took all of thirty seconds. Wasn’t worth even getting your heart rate up over, eh?”
“You’ve applied it already? I didn’t even notice I was so caught up in your honeymoon story.”
“Thought I’d remove your focus off yourself. Give you a chance to unwind a bit...”
“Thanks,” replied Zac, reaching for his shirt.
“You’ve had your chance to unwind... Leave the shirt off a bit longer so we can do something about that headache.”
“What sort of something?”
“That’s bordering on prudish!”
A flicker of a smile.
“Craniosacral massage on your scalp... Deep tissue massage on your neck and back... Sound non-threatening enough?”
“You sure know a lot about massage.”
“You should learn a lot more about it yourself.”
“Why?”
“It’d be prudent as a leader.”
Zac laughed freely.
“People may forget what you say or what you do, but they’ll never forget how you make them feel... Massage can get past language barriers... cultural barriers... tiredness and negativity... Sometimes it can open up a full on conversation... And it’s also useful to monitor the fitness of your team.”
“My team’s fitness?”
“I used it all the time as an instructor. You can pick up a lot about a person when you massage them... For instance you can discover pain which they haven’t told you about...”
Zac flinched as Dave unexpectedly prodded his upper back.
“Hmmm... How much did you say that pack was overloaded by again?”
“I’m not sure...” replied Zac truthfully.
“Let’s have a shot at getting this back into alignment before we tackle the headache, eh?”
Jake came bounding up.
“There you are Zac... Um... Sorry... Am I interrupting?”
“Nah. Just giving Zac some hands-on tips about sports massage,” replied Dave. “You look pretty pleased with yourself. Did something happen in the shower?”
“I got wet!” 
Dave laughed.
“And I learnt some stuff about girls off Reece and Prada. I was embarrassed at first. But then I thought about a principle Zac taught me back at Farliga Pass when he was treating Maya. He said you never know if you can do something hard until you try.”
“Maya didn’t mention she injured herself on the trek.”
“She got this cyst from hiking. Near her privates. And Zac drained it for her.”
Dave threw Zac a curious glance. Zac said nothing.
“And then Zac helped me get past my embarrassment, when I realized what he was doing to her. He said I’d get courage in an area where I never had it before. And I tested it to see. And he was right!” beamed Jake.
“Good for you... Keep building on that, eh?”
Jake nodded.
“I should let you get back to teaching Zac stuff... I just have to ask him something quickly - Reece and Prada invited me to sleep in their sea container tonight with their kids, so when they wake up in the morning I know what it feels like to be a big brother. Is that okay with you Zac?”
“Sure. Enjoy your night being a big brother. Just keep your torch by your side and your shoes close. In case there’s any trouble.”
“What sort of trouble?”
“Luan and Tarapaca could be around... Or things might not be quite as they seem.”
Jake nodded.
“Okay. I’ll sleep with one eye open. Night Zac. Goodnight Dave.”
“Goodnight pup,” smiled Dave.
Ω
Dave and Zac watched Jake walk off.
“A Bartholin’s cyst eh? You did have an interesting time up at Farliga!” tormented Dave.
“Not going there Dave!” growled Zac.
“Alright, we’ll go somewhere else then...”
Silence. Dave eyed Zac perspicaciously.
“You know, you can tell the size of a man’s God by looking at the size of his worry list. The longer his list, the smaller his God...”
A guarded look.
“It’s a bit distrusting of the Creator of the Universe to keep a long list don’t you think?”
“The list has only really lengthened today,” managed Zac.
“That right? What’ve you added to the list today?”
Zac swallowed hard.
“True friendship is a plant of slow growth, eh?”
Zac sat up.	
“Is it too early to test the friendship?”
“Go ahead.” 
Zac moistened his lips and pulled the envelope of photos out of his pocket.
“Does Dutchy know you’ve swiped those?”
“I’ll give them back. Besides, I think he planted them there for me to find anyway.”
Dave laughed. Zac pulled out the photo of his father and Dave and handed it to him.
“Goodness. Look at the crop of hair I had back then!” joked Dave.
“How did Dutchy get this photo of you and Dad up at Farliga Pass?”
“Why don’t you ask him?”
“Hope might overhear me. And she’s already worried Dutchy’s a spy. She wants to do a runner tonight.”
“With you?”
“I’m trying to keep an open mind about whether we do the runner or stick with you.”
Dave raised his eyebrows.
“You have got a lot on your plate young fella.”
“So is Dutchy a spy?”
“Why do you think he’s a spy?”
“He speaks Yupik.”
“So do you.”
“Native Yupik speakers don’t have the word ‘sleeper’ in their vocabulary. It’s not part of our culture.”
“How do you know it then?”
“We used to play this game at the dinner table when I was a kid. We’d invent words for the names of things which didn’t have a name in the Yupik language. We used different Arctic birds for different types of military aircraft. And we used the Yupik phrase for ‘hibernating bear’ to describe a sleeper. No one outside our family used the terms this way... At least that’s what I thought. Until I heard Dutchy use the term ‘hibernating bear’ for sleeper tonight.”
Dave looked thoughtful. 
“So is he a spy?” persisted Zac.
“What makes you think I might know?”
“You and Gordon would have run a thorough background check on him before letting him be part of your team.”
“How do you know he helps monitor the Weathermakers?”
“Dutchy’s den looks like a downsized version of your den. And your den looks like Dad’s... And they all look like a downsized version of the ops centre up at Farliga Pass.”
“Maybe we’re all spies,” suggested Dave, with a hint of a smile.
“Or you might all be ISRA. Even Gordon might be ISRA. And I’ve blabbed all sorts of secrets which I shouldn’t have blabbed, if Gordon’s ISRA.”
Dave doubled over with laughter.
“You have got yourself all knotted up... Have you tried calling home and chatting to your Dad about these concerns of yours?”
“Yes. And now I’m more concerned than ever. Don’t tell Hope, but Dad and Mum seemed to have disappeared off the planet. They aren’t answering their landline, their mobiles, Skype or Echolink. And I’ve been trying for the past six hours.”
“I’m sure your parents are alright,” said Dave gently.
Silence.
“The Native American you were talking about... the one with similar concerns to me... he’s Inuit isn’t he?”
Dave nodded.
“That friend of yours who’d like to communicate better with his Dad wouldn’t happen to be part Inuit with Viking ancestry, would he?”
Zac swallowed the lump in his throat.
“I wish I could talk with him the way I’ve been talking to you... And get to know him like... like this photo says you know him.”
“Well now you know a few of his secrets, maybe you will.”
“But if he’s never told me any of this before, why would he start now?”
“Kiviuq’s always reminded me of a mirror. He quickly works out where you’re at and meets you there so you can be comfortable around him... If you’re an open book, he’s open. And if you’re reserved, he’ll be reserved right along with you so his personality doesn’t overpower yours.”
“That’s exactly how Dad is. You really do know him well.”
Dave’s eyes twinkled at Zac’s expression.
Silence. Zac slowly flicked through the photos again.
“I’m trying to get my head around all this stuff I’m learning about Dad that he’s kept hidden all these years... I’ve never realized until now that he’s been mirroring my reserved nature but thinking back, I know he has been. I still can’t quite believe he let Dutchy take this photo of him in a g-string though. That’s just completely... un-Dad!”
“Hmmm... Maybe I’d better share the story attached to that photo in case you get the wrong idea of your dad... As I remember it, Dutchy brought some of his orphans from Romania up to the Pass to put them through basic training and one of the young men was petrified of water. Your parents were at Farliga Pass on R & R - enjoying their favourite hot spring down near the rope bridge. Anyway, your dad watched us trying to convince this young bloke to at least sit in the water near the edge of the hot springs - then he got out and offered him his shorts. He told him they had this special ability to keep him safe in the water until he could swim.”
“And the kid believed a whopper like that?”
Dave laughed.
“Apparently. Anyway your dad stripped off his togs and gave them to the young fella then he dived back into the water in just his undies. And to our astonishment the lad put the shorts on and waded in after him. Kiviuq started clowning around with him in the water, taught him to duck dive and by the end of the day he had him dog paddling, treading water and floating as well.”
“And Dad was just wearing a g-string the whole swimming class?”
Dave grinned.
“We’ve all been skinny dipping in that hot spring anyway. And Kiviuq didn’t want to interrupt the progress the lad was making... When they finally got out of the water, he told the boy to keep his special shorts and give them to the next orphan who couldn’t swim. Dutchy reckoned that pair of lucky swimming shorts changed hands about ten times before they finally fell to bits. And every time they were passed on, the story about their powers had grown a bit bigger too!”
“So who’s Dutchy really?”
“Heard of the Navajo codetalkers?”
Zac nodded.
“Well... back at the start of the cold war, Air Force Intelligence enlisted the help of a multi-lingual young man who had survived the holocaust. His brief was to develop an alternative code the Security Service could use and switch to, in case the highly successful Navajo code was broken. Within two years Dutchy had a core group of Codetalkers ready for intelligence assignments throughout the free world. And a back-up code under development in-case his Istro-Romanian code was broken.”
Zac moistened his lips.
“The Navajo Codetalkers operations were declassified in 1968, but Airforce Intelligence continues to use the Codetalkers and their operations remain classified... And we’re in the headquarters of one of those groups...”
Zac’s face reflected his realization.
“Dutchy and Katja have spent their working lives training up civilians with special linguistic abilities and photographic memories to be Codetalkers. About a quarter of their trainees currently work for the ISRA. The remainder have been especially trained or are currently being trained so they’re ready at short notice, should the need arise.”
“Hibernating bears...”
Zac held out his necklace.
“This emblem... Do you know what it means?”
“The globe symbolizes worldwide influence; the lightning bolt symbolizes transmissions; the wing represents the Airforce and the sword and shield symbolize protection and security.”
“And Freedom through Vigilance?”
“That was the motto of the Air Force Security Service cryptographic intelligence branch. It’s changed names a few times over the years, but these days it’s called the Air Force Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Agency. Or the ISRA for short.”
Zac gave up trying to hide his astonishment.
“So what’s a Category 1 P & P security status?”
Dave paused.
“P & P stands for Protect and Prepare.”
“Meaning?”
“All civilian Codetalkers and sleepers have a P & P classification. The ISRA are committed to protecting them and preparing them in the present, so they are fully equipped in case they need to be called on in the future.”
“So why have I got a P & P classification? Dutchy didn’t train me.”
“Who told you, that you have a P & P classification?”
“John. He thought I knew.”
Dave rubbed his chin slowly.
“Well... about 30 years ago, one of Dutchy’s linguists went to work for the Airforce Security Service on St Lawrence Island in Alaska. Her name was Helen Moore.”
“Mum?!”
“Helen had only been in Alaska for a few weeks when she discovered that the handsome Native American who was working alongside her as a Morse code operator could fluently speak an endangered Inuit dialect called Yupik Sivuquq. The pair spent hours snuggled up together under the romantic northern lights, building a backup code around the rapidly disappearing dialect, and one thing led to another...”
Zac smiled faintly.
“Then they got married and started a B & B as a cover job so no one would query people coming and going all the time... Over the years they’ve trained several hundred select Airforce personnel to converse in the military version of Yupik code. However only a handful of Code-talkers are proficient enough to write the linguistically complex code. These Codetalkers are called scribes, so they have a Category 1 P & P status. They’re responsible for the preservation and future expansion of the backup code.”
Zac rubbed his chin with his fingertips.
“Every day of our homeschooled lives we got dictation in Yupik... I never understood why until now... Neither did Hope. She’s not gonna believe it when I tell her,” breathed Zac, shaking his head slowly.
Dave chuckled.
“Gordon had trouble accepting it when he first found out who you were too.”
“Why?”
“Cat 1 P & P sleepers aren’t supposed to go around saving the lives of ISRA agents. It’s supposed to be the other way around!”
Zac laughed shyly.
“Initially Gordon thought you were just an undergraduate who’d miraculously saved his life, but been injured in the process. And when he contacted your parents and asked for permission to take you to Malmstrom Airbase on an Airforce jet for surgery, it was so you’d get the very best treatment for your gun-shot wound. The unusual request made Kiviuq realize however that Gordon was not just your average university professor. Kiviuq thought someone might have another shot at Gordon or possibly you, so he asked if he could come too. Naturally Gordon agreed, because he thought it was a case of a very worried Eskimo daddy wanting to accompany his injured son to an interstate hospital! Anyway, en route to Malmstrom, Gordon noticed the SS emblem around your neck and he went kinda pale. And Kiviuq carefully asked Gordon if he knew what a Cat 1 P & P sleeper was, and Gordon nodded... then he looked at you, then at Kiviuq... And Kiviuq reckons he just about keeled over.”
“I never knew. What a shock it must have been, on top of losing Tess...”
“Naturally the Airforce big brass tossed around various ideas to make sure that in the future Cat 1 ISRA sleepers didn’t get shot protecting ISRA agents... Gordon was remorseful when he discovered their favoured idea was enforced enlistment - which would have restricted your movements to airbases like they’d restricted him. Kiviuq also opposed the idea because he knew you wanted to pursue your career in geophysics. Gordon and Kiviuq contacted me for help. We put our heads together and came up with the idea of a specialist research arm of the ISRA which trained P & P sleepers and select civilian scientists to clandestinely gather sensitive scientific information and act on that information where necessary. Gordon put forward a convincing argument that his cover job as a university professor made him an ideal person to spearhead the project and that you and I were ideal candidates to lead the teams...”
“You all created a tailor-made position to keep me out of enforced enlistment?”
“You and other sleepers like your sister and Reece. The definition of clandestine research is very broad. It includes investigative journalism... academic research assignments... field-work. And the programme also includes fitness training, survival skills... Anything which can remotely be connected to training, preparation and protection of sleepers with an interest in science, research or writing.”
“All these years when I thought we were friends, he’s just been my body-guard...”
Zac’s voice was tinged with sadness.
“You know that’s not true Zac. Your youthful idealism and thirst for adventure kept Gordon alive after Tess was killed. And your friendship got him through the lonely times. Not to mention, the raw data our civilian teams provide on E/M weapons misuse and weather manipulation is considered to be invaluable intelligence.”
“I still can’t believe he’s ISRA,” said Zac shaking his head slowly.
Dave grinned.
“Gordon has a reputation for being the most reluctant, unmilitary-like ISRA operative in the service. He’ll only participate in training if he feels like it... you can’t get him into an Airforce uniform for love or money... and he’s refused a fistful of military awards and medals over the years. If anyone who doesn’t know him challenges his behaviour, he puts them in their place by saying Ronald Reagan only requested that he help the Airforce for two years, and his ongoing cooperation with the Airforce is a matter of choice... But when it comes to the crunch, Gordon’s right there in the thick of things... If a special project needs funding he’ll find it funding within hours... If someone’s stuck between a rock and a hard place, Gordon will work out a solution... A few years back he wrote a programme that overrides password protected databases, so blokes like me who aren’t very computer savvy can access details about almost everything and everyone on the planet without getting a headache... Gordon’s truly a mover of men and mountains Zac. And we’re privileged that we’re his special friends...”


Chapter 19

In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
-Albert Einstein

Dave diverted his gaze over towards the shadows.
“You know, you’re gonna give yourself adrenaline overdose if you eavesdrop much longer woman.”
Maya popped her head up and cautiously approached Dave.
“I didn’t intentionally eavesdrop... I just overheard what you were telling Zac and I didn’t want interrupt you... Besides, you knew I was there.”
“Well don’t just stand there like you’re scared to make a move.”
“After that encounter with Dutchy tonight, I am scared to make a move.”
Dave laughed.
“We’re both unarmed. Come on. Sit down with us.”
Zac self-consciously slid back into his shirt.
An awkward silence. Maya glanced at Zac and moistened her lips.
“I didn’t mean to interrupt you. Your conversation with Dave sounds... important.”
“I don’t want any secrets between us Maya... I didn’t know about this myself until tonight...”
“I know.”
Maya cleared her throat.
“Are you okay?”
Zac nodded mutely.
“I originally headed over here to ask you something, but it kinda seems insignificant now.”
“Ask away.”
“I was just wondering if you could drop me off at the doctor’s tomorrow. After the strategy meeting.”
“You okay?”
“Yes. I’m just worried about a little itchy patch. It’s nothing really.”
“Sure thing.”
“Um... I’d better leave you guys... So you can keep talking... I’ll see you later... Maybe.”
Zac nodded as Maya got to her feet and started walking away.
“Stay put!” ordered Dave.
Maya stopped mid-stride and turned around meekly. Dave redirected his attention to Zac.
“What’d ya think you’re doing, letting her walk away like that without following up on that hint?”
“What hint?”
“The I’m-worried-and-I-need-your-opinion-‘coz-you’re-my-friend hint... Leaders need to be willing to confront the things others are anxious about Zac. Even in the midst of their own turmoil.”
Zac drew a deep breath.
“She said she wanted to see a doctor but I’m willing to help her if I can... What itchy patch Maya?”
Maya look flustered. Zac read her body language and cleared his throat softly. Dave’s eyes twinkled.
“Don’t tell me you two are still scared of peeking at each other after completing the Pass together?”
Silence.
“Alright... Let’s back up a bit... Ask her to point to where the itchy patch is.”
“Maybe I’ll just go to the doctor tomorrow,” said Maya hurriedly.
Zac glanced apologetically at Maya.
“Sorry Maya. Dave’s night school is a rather intense programme, and I haven’t worked out how to duck the curve balls he tosses yet.”
“And you won’t work out how to duck ‘em either pup!” growled Dave. “I intend to stay several steps ahead of you both. No pussyfooting around issues with me.”
Dave tugged Maya down beside them.
“Now point... or I’ll probe and peek until I find it.”
“Dave! You’re scaring her!” gasped Zac.
“Okay... point, or I’ll make Zac probe and peek until he finds it.”
Maya laughed tensely.
“Um... It’s along here, but I can’t see what’s causing it.”
“Under the bra line, eh?” chuckled Dave, wriggling his eyebrows expressively at Zac.
Zac shot Dave a look of discomfiture. Dave laughed roguishly and lay down next to Maya with his arms folded under his head.
“What are you doing?”
“Watching you emerge from your chrysalis.”
Zac moistened his lips.
“Um... Fold your hands across your chest Maya. That way I can pull your T-shirt up without seeing... much.”
“That’s his way of saying he thinks your nipples are sexy!” quipped Dave.
Maya feigned a cuff at Dave. Zac slowly lifted Maya’s shirt.
“Relax,” coaxed Dave. “Your deodorant’s working overtime.”
Zac cleared his throat softly.
“I think I’ve found the cause of the itch, Maya.”
“What is it?”
“Hang on... I’ll show you in a jiffy.”
“You’re tickling me!”
“I know. I’ve fallen in love with your smile and I wanted to see it... Um...this might pinch just a little.”
“Drown the blighter in tea tree oil,” quipped Dave. “It’ll stop him burrowing while you remove him...”
Ω
“I came to see what was taking you so long,” I said as I approached Maya.
“Good news. We can hit the shops together tomorrow after all. I won’t need to go to the doctor, ‘coz Zac found the problem.”
I glanced at what Zac was doing.
“Gosh Zac, that’s the biggest tick I’ve ever seen!” I blurted out.
“I know. I feel bad... It’s obviously been munching on her a couple of days... Sorry Maya. I had to remove a couple of ticks off myself the other day. I should have warned you and Jake to look out for them as well.”
“You did. Remember you told us about Lyme’s disease. I just didn’t realize what a tick bite feels like. I’ll know what it is next time though.”
Zac nodded in acknowledgement.
“There. Got it... All fixed...You were very brave. Again.”
I noticed the eye contact between them. Warm and strangely affectionate. I couldn’t resist the temptation to comment in Yupik.
“You enjoyed doing that to her, didn’t you?”
“Of course. A woman’s breasts feel beautiful to a man.”
I was stunned. The reply was so out of character for Zac.
“Hey you pair. English is the common language around here,” reminded Dave.
“Sorry... Hope was just reminding me not to be a prude.”
“And he was just bear-cuffing me back into line,” I replied softly.
“Is that squabble between you two still going?” sighed Dave.
“It’s simmered down to a slow boil,” replied Zac.
I laughed in response.
“Prudence is synonymous with wisdom,” said Dave. “It’s something that’s transferred as you interact with someone wiser than you.”
“Whoever walks with the wise becomes wise... Dad’s drummed it into me a million times.”
“Might be wise for us to walk outta here girl,” said Maya, tugging me to my feet.
Dave and Zac laughed.
“See you later,” she added, smiling faintly at Zac.
“You knew the cause all along!” I heard Zac hiss, as I allowed myself to be towed away by Maya.
“Suspected.”
“Why didn’t you fix it then?”
“And miss out on the fun watching you handle it?”
I desperately wanted to continue eavesdropping. I was mega-inquisitive. My big brother had changed so much since I’d last seen him. And I wanted to know who... what... and why...
Ω
“You’re a tormentor not a mentor!” groused Zac.
“Don’t expect me to sympathize with you. It serves you right for not watching your team closely enough.”
“I attended to the medical issues Jake and Maya alerted me to. Just like I do on any other trek.”
“It sounds like you treated the whole trek across Farliga Pass like it was any other trek,” retorted Dave.
“I obeyed the rule of thumb for endurance treks. Triple the fluids and double the calories... At least I obeyed the rule ‘til we started running low on food, then I rationed my intake.”
“I think the phrase I’m searching for is ‘no comment’.”
“Well how was I to know that Maya would eat as much as Pete does on an endurance trek? And Jake wasn’t far behind her either!”
Dave lost his feigned austerity and cracked up.
“You’ll know for next time... And you’ll also know to check over susceptible individuals regularly when you’re in tick country.”
“Susceptible individuals?”
“Women in particular run off and hide behind tick-laden bushes like frightened rabbits every time they expose body parts... might pay to remember that since you’re going to be running mixed teams...”
“I might just bring another woman with me - like Maya - and she can check the women for ticks.”
Dave shook his head in disbelief.
“Lucky for you we’re not having this conversation up at the Pass pup...”
“Why?”
“’Coz I’d drag you down to the nearest hot springs meself... and make you go nicky swimming with whoever’s hanging around, then get you to search their bare bodies for ticks top to toe, just to scare some of the shy outta you.”
“You’ve got it all wrong Dave. I admit I didn’t search Maya for ticks the other day. But it wasn’t because I was shy. It was because Jake was watching me like a hawk, and I wanted to show him by example how to respect a woman... The Philippians 4:8 code of conduct has always worked well for me when relating to the opposite sex. And it helped me get through several awkward situations we encountered on the Pass as a mixed team... Not only that, I didn’t want to spoil my fledgling relationship with Jake and Maya by being too dominating. And I picked up early on, that whenever I asked Maya any medical questions, she went into defence mode.”
“Fair enough. That still doesn’t explain the look on your face when I made you remove that tick just then.”
“It’s... complicated.”
“Try me.”
“Her skin’s so beautiful Dave... and her chest feels...”
Zac blushed and cleared his throat. Dave’s eyes danced.
“I mean... I became conscious of all the little non-verbal signs that I’ve learnt Maya gives out when she’s aroused... like her wide pupils... and the way her tongue moves... and I just didn’t want to do anything else right that moment that might make... either of us... more aroused...”
“And you thought that if you played coy I’d rescue you?”
“I thought it was worth a try. Except it backfired. Playing coy works with Gordon, but it doesn’t work with you.”
Dave doubled over with laughter.
“Being honest works best with me Zac.”
“Okay. I can’t honestly see why Gordon’s got so pushy about this mixed team thing when single sex teams have worked well for the last ten years.”
“That’s a fair complaint. Tell me, given the current zeitgeist, which group would arouse your suspicion near a weapons testing site? Four young men with chunky pecs tenting it together, or a starry-eyed couple who look like they’re on their honeymoon?”
“The group without the woman.”
“Now you’re on Gordon’s wavelength.”
“I guess a mixed group that seem to be doing a photo-shoot for a girlie magazine, are less obvious than an all-male team,” conceded Zac.
“Getting your team to go out with Maya on a photo-shoot was your idea not Gordon’s. But he was delighted when Brendan and the others told him about it... And when he saw how well you and Maya worked as a team, he just knew she was the perfect gal. Even if you did try and dampen her enthusiasm for the job by taking her across Farliga Pass.”
“It was Jake and Maya’s idea to take the Pass. I tried to talk them out of it!”
Dave laughed.
“In retrospect, I’m glad they talked me into it though. Otherwise I wouldn’t have met John... or found out about Mum and Dad... or discovered that I’m a Codetalker...”
Zac rubbed his forehead tiredly.
“Still got that tension headache, eh? Here... lie down in my lap.”
Zac eyed Dave dubiously.
“Pass.”
“Your dad used to like lying in my lap while I massaged his head.”
Zac cautiously sank back and used Dave as a pillow.
“You’re as stiff as a board... Relax.”
“Sorry. The last time Gordon massaged my head, he asked all these probing questions and I ended up sharing all sorts of personal stuff. And you might do the same.”
Dave laughed warmly.
“I promise I won’t ask any probing questions... I’ll just prod my fingertips into your skull... Like this...”
Slow, deliberate pressure that hurt at first then dissolved into warm relief. Zac exhaled noisily and closed his eyes briefly.
“Having Maya as our guest on the Aussie team the other day was lots of fun...” he said drowsily.
Dave smiled faintly but said nothing.
“Watching her bear-cuff the fellas into line... And she’s brought facets out in Jake which I couldn’t have done...”
“Ah ha.”
“And I guess she’s knocked some raw edges off me...”
“Ah ha.”
“But it’s the responsibility of having women on my team that’s stopping me... And my responsibility to the other men that love those women... The look in Gordon’s eyes as Tess died... I never want to put another man through that pain Dave...”
Zac stopped mid ramble and sat up abruptly.
“Hey? How’d you do that?”
“Do what?”
“Get me to reveal a secret, without asking a single probing question.”
Dave chuckled.
“Craniosacral massage is actually a secret tactic used by the ISRA to extract skeletons out of people’s closets!”
“Yeah, right.”
“Well just in case it is, how about I rub your feet instead. That’s as far away from you head as I can get!”
A hint of a smile. Dave repositioned himself and started rubbing Zac’s feet.
Silence.
“Hey Dave... You aren’t gonna tell Gordon the real reason I’m trying to duck out of mixed groups, are you?”
“It’s between us Zac.”
Dave kept massaging Zac’s feet.
“Your Dad told me something interesting one time. Apparently those fierce, blonde-haired Viking ancestors of yours rowed themselves to their battles. They built up their muscles and their fitness moving their twenty tonne boats through the water. And that made them all the more effective as warriors. And stronger than their opponents...”
“...because their opponents used slaves to do their rowing instead of rowing themselves,” finished Zac reflectively.
“Taking on new responsibilities is a bit like rowing yourself to battle. If you’re willing to take on responsibilities that you’ve previously delegated or avoided, you’ll benefit from that exertion Zac...”
“John said something similar... About exercising fearlessness until it becomes second nature...”
“Ah ha.”
“Ah ha? Oh no you don’t! I ain’t blabbing another round of secrets to you, just ‘coz you’re rubbing my feet!”
Dave’s eyes danced.
Reflective silence. The sound of someone punishing a piano broke it.
“What a din! It’s enough to give a bloke a headache!” joked Dave.
Zac chuckled.
“Hope’s impersonation of the Newsboys...”
“Is that right? Can you play the piano?”
“A little.”
“Good. Shove your sister off the piano and play something then.”
“Why?”
“Well since you two are chalk and cheese, I’ll hedge my bets that you’ll choose to play something soft, which is what the eardrums need at this time of the night.”
Zac grinned and pushed himself to his feet.
“Come on. Let’s go push our way in and make the ivory serenade, eh?”
Ω
“That was John,” said Charlie. “He and Ryan have arrived in West Oz. They’re staying aboard the Jefferson tonight. And guess who John got to natter with?”
“Dave?” deduced Jed.
“Yep. John says he was hanging out with the Schoolmaster. When he said he was retiring, he obviously meant re-tyring.”
“Is this Dave?” asked Paul, pointing to a photo.
“Ah ha... How’d you guess?” asked Rod.
“I haven’t seen him around but he’s in heaps of photos. He was obviously a central part of this place.”
“What made Dave so special anyway?” asked Mike.
“I guess it was his knack for getting people to trust each other,” replied Rod.
“How’d he do that?”
“Loaded question!”
“So he had a special technique?” persisted Mike.
“Heaps. Want us to show you a few?” grinned Charlie.
Mike looked at Charlie shrewdly.
“You’ve got a glint of mischief in your eyes Chocolate Charlie.”
“Sounds like you need some top and toe,” retorted Charlie.
“What’s top and toe?” asked Paul.
“Dare ya to let us show you!” chuckled Rod.
Paul eyed Rod hesitantly then shook his head. Charlie made eye contact with Mike. Mike read the non-verbal directive to take the lead.
“We can trust them mate,” said Mike carefully. “What’s top and toe anyway?”
“Dave’s favourite getting-to-know-you technique...” replied Charlie. “A head massage and a friendly foot-rub...”
“Do it to me first so Paul can sus you out.”
“Okay. Lie down here... Rest your head in my lap and I’ll massage it.”
“And Jed and I will do your feet!” added Rod.
A lengthy silence as the men massaged Mike’s head and feet. Mike held back the tsunami of emotions which were threatening to engulf him.
“You aren’t saying anything Mike... Are you scared?” asked Paul.
Mike swallowed.
“Nah. It’s just a new experience... I’ve done a lot of crazy things in my life right after breakfast but this has to take the cake.”
“So it feels good?”
“Any better and I’ll lose motor skills.”
Everyone laughed.
“Let them massage you top and toe now, to see if you like it,” suggested Mike, gently pulling Paul down into prone position.
Paul let out a slow, deep breath as his initial nervousness vanished.
“You’re right Mike. This is a pretty interesting start to the day. And this is definitely the most unusual holiday I’ve ever had. I’d never spoken to a General before I came here. And now I’ve spoken to four... And been massaged by three...”
Soft laughter.
“Boy, you guys sure don’t behave like I’d expect Generals to behave,” continued Paul, risking a smile.
“The pup said something similar the other night!” chuckled Charlie.
“What did you and John do to him anyway?” asked Mike.
“What makes you think we did something to him?”
“He was a different kid when he left to go away with John. He felt... free.”
“It’s interesting you picked that up... You could say, it was a case of telling the truth set him free!” grinned Charlie.
“Why? What’d he fib about?”
Charlie leaned forward and lowered his voice in feigned confidentiality.
“Well, remember when you first arrived and you said you thought Ryan was a teenager...”
Ω
Zac sat down at the piano and started softly playing. I looked at Dave and wriggled self-consciously. Dave covered his mouth with his palm and convulsed with silent laughter at the expression on my face.
“He knows how to play heaps of songs and he has to play that one while you’re around,” I grumbled.
“I think it’s become their song, actually,” replied Dave softly.
I watched Dave make eye contact with Maya and non-verbally motion her towards the piano. Maya sat down next to Zac and rested her head on his shoulder as he picked out the tune. To my astonishment Zac began singing.

How is it the sky turns grey; anytime you’re far away?
What is it that makes me sad; anytime you’re feeling bad?
What is it about this night; the music and the candlelight?
That makes you feel this way...

I blinked in surprise. My reticent brother as I had never seen him before... One hand continued to pick out the melody. The other explored the contours of Maya’s face.

These are the echoes of Eden.
Reflections of what we were created for;
Hints of the passion and freedom;
That waits on the other side of heaven’s door.
These are the echoes of Eden. 

Zac drew Maya’s face closer. Millimetres from his. He nuzzled her like she was our sister. I controlled a flash of petty jealousy and watched in jaw-dropped fascination until I could no longer hold back.
“I’m telling Dad!” I blurted out.
“Go ahead.”
“And Mum!”
“I don’t mind,” replied Zac, without moving away from Maya.
“Why would your parents disapprove Zac? We’re not kissing or petting.”
“They won’t disapprove... She’s just being a pesky little sister,” replied Zac with dancing eyes.
“That’s not what I meant and he knows it! Maya... He’s serious about you!”
“I’m serious about him too!” laughed Maya.
“But he’s serious as in... serious like I’ve never seen Zac! It’s an Inuit custom, when a man...”
“Pedro mate... Shut her up for me will you?” interjected Zac.
Pedro cupped my head in his thick-fingered hands.
“...when a man does what he’s doing... to a woman... it... means...”
Pedro pulled me close and started stroking the sides of my face. My heart rate doubled.
“..it means...”
I completely forgot about Zac and Maya... And what I was trying to tell Maya. My hands started roaming along his chest... His muscles tensed under them... Corded cable.
“Ken’kam’ken,” I whispered dreamily.
“Ken’kam’ken,” replied Pedro softly.
“You can speak Yupik?” I whispered quizzically.
“Only important phrases, like I love you...”
I drew a deep breath and enjoyed his caress.
These are the echoes of Eden...
A ringing mobile cut through the moment. Dave picked it up and broke into a broad smile.
“Hello love... I was just about to call you... Busy? Nah... Just been relaxing and chinwagging mostly... Hang on a jiffy...”
“You lot... Bed... Fellas to the right. Gals to the left. I’m sleeping in the middle of you all. No monkey business while I say goodnight to Jen.”
Dave casually got to his feet. He meandered away from everyone.
Silence. Dave started listening attentively. I watched him pick up some keys and slip out the warehouse door.
“Slow down love... Big deep breath... Wipe away the tears...” soothed Dave softly as he walked off towards the carpark.
Ω
Dave lounged in the privacy of Zac’s loan vehicle.
“I knew what she was like love... No. She didn’t tell me... It was just a gut feeling... That first day I met you, your purity made you so attractive Jen. You were like a clean rag... and she was like a dirty rag... even back then I knew... And something inside compelled me to rescue you from her...”
Dave drew a deep breath.
“Nah love. That time you’re talking about - when I came back from camping with her girls - I just knew that ugly thing had reared up in her again and she’d tried to ensnare you while I was away... And I knew you had resisted her... You still felt pure...”
Silence.
“Jen - I’d go through what I went through for you again to protect you. We’re one flesh. Protecting you is like protecting myself... Yeah... I know you’ve never been able to talk about it. But I understood love... And I accepted that you couldn’t talk about it... What triggered all this self blame talk tonight anyway?”


Chapter 20

We make a living by what we get. We make a life by what we give.
-Winston Churchill

I woke up with a start, sensing Zac and Dave were both missing. I flicked on my torch. The beam lit up the remaining sleeping bodies. The faintest sound outside caught my attention. Zac softly clearing his throat. I walked outside without the aid of the torch.
I could just make out Zac’s features in the moonlight. He was propped up on his side in his sleeping bag. I was almost beside him before he noticed me.
“Hope! What are you doing out here?” he hissed loudly.
“I came looking for you. Why are you out here on the sand dune?”
“I couldn’t sleep. Stuff going through my mind.”
“Me too.”
I sank down beside him.
“I checked on the internet,” he ventured. “The next flight to the U.S boards in about five hours.”
“So you’ve found out it’s dangerous to stay?”
“No. We’re safe here. But I’m just keeping our options open.”
“How do you know we’re safe here?”
“Because I found out Dad and Mum know Dutchy and Dave. They all used to work together. And they all still keep in contact.”
“That’s a relief. But why do you want to leave if we’re safe?”
“You shouldn’t be here anyway. And I need to talk to Dad and Mum.”
“Why don’t you just ring them?”
“I tried earlier. They weren’t answering.”
“Maybe they’re out shopping. Or gone off in the kayak for a picnic.”
“Maybe.”
“Hey Zac. How come you’re not wearing a shirt? You always wear clothes to bed.”
An awkward look.
“I’m practicing sleeping like Mum and Dad sleep sometimes.”
“You’re naked?”
“Sshhh... Someone might hear you!”
“Why are you practising sleeping in the nuddy?”
“’Coz I’ve never done it before. And I might have to do it one day soon. If I get married.”
“But why are you practising out here?”
“Well I’m hardly gonna practise inside near people, am I?!”
He sounded stretched. I giggled.
“I guess that explains your behaviour. I thought you might have been...”
Zac cut me short with a stony look.
“Never mind. You know what I thought.”
Zac rolled his eyes.
“Hope, sometimes you’re too much! Why aren’t you in zzz-land anyway?”
“I keep waking up. I’m worried about something.”
“Is it a worry you can discuss with me?”
“You’ll just growl at me for embarrassing you if I try discuss it with you.”
“How do you know?”
“Because before you moved away you used to cuddle me in your bed and we’d talk. We’d even have showers together and you’d answer my questions about stuff. But these days when you come home you lock your bedroom door at night. And you lock the bathroom door when you shower. And you squirm if I ask you anything even slightly embarrassing. Like about sex. I’m surprised you haven’t already told me to get lost actually. Since you’re in the nuddy in your sleeping bag.”
Reflective silence.
“I didn’t realize it came across that way to you.”
“Well how did you think it came across?”
Zac drew a deep breath.
“I’m sorry... I stopped having showers with you, because you started developing breast buds and got obvious pubic hair... and I thought you might be embarrassed to keep having showers with me. But you’re right. I should have asked you if you felt embarrassed. Rather than just assume you were... Just because I was embarrassed.”
“You were embarrassed by what I looked like?”
Zac wriggled closer and rested his hand on my shoulder.
“No, not what you looked like. I was embarrassed by what my body was doing in response to what you looked like. Even though you never seemed to notice... And I was too scared to cuddle you in bed anymore for the same reason... I was afraid that it was incest. Even though my intent wasn’t perverted.”
“Are you saying you were embarrassed about your e’s?”
“Embarrassed... Guilty... Stressed out... Except back then I couldn’t tell you... You probably would have understood... but I wasn’t free enough inside to even say the word involuntary erection around you, let alone explain how I felt...”
He looked at me intently.
“But recently I’ve made the decision to try and be free and honest around safe women - like you...and Maya...and maybe Mum next time I see her. Courageous like a Viking explorer and an Inuit hunter and the son of Wandering Adventurer all rolled into one.”
I laughed softly and nuzzled him.
“You’re already all those things in my eyes. And more big brother.”
Silence. I could tell he was still chewing over something.
“What are you thinking about?” I asked softly.
“Something you said a moment ago... Hang on. I’ll just put my boxers on... Actually... maybe I’ll put my boardies on as well...”
I watched him wriggling around inside his sleeping bag.
“Come on... Hop in.”
“Hop in your sleeping bag with you?”
“Well you said you wanted to talk about something that’s worrying you. And that you miss me cuddling you in bed.”
I snuggled up alongside him and drew in a deep breath as he nuzzled me affectionately.
“You’re freezing sis.”
“You’re nice and warm. Is this the same sleeping bag we used to camp in together years ago?”
“Yep. Arctic rated...Oversize... Room for me, you and your teddy!”
“And Dad!”
Zac laughed softly.
“I don’t think Dad would fit in with us as well these days, unless we added another bag. I kinda take up more room than I used to back on those camping trips!”
I laughed emotionally. He combed my hair with his fingertips. I drank in the affection.
“What are you worried about anyway sis?” he whispered.
“My chest.”
“Why?”
“Feel.”
He rolled on his side.
“Feel what?”
I unbuttoned my top.
“Run your hands over my chest. What do you feel?”
“Um... I can feel skin.”
“Feel properly Zac. What else can you feel?”
Zac moistened his lips as his fingertips hesitantly explored my body.
“Um... I felt the bumps around the edge of your nipple then... and your breast bone... and I can feel your ribs.”
I repositioned his hands and moved them around in a circular motion and pressed them into my scant breast tissue. He started breathing heavily.
“Is this hard for you?”
“A little.”
“Thanks for doing something hard for me Zac.”
“It’s okay Sis... Aren’t you finding what I’m doing embarrassing though?”
“Yes. But I need to know if you think my chest feels nice.”
“Nice?”
“You felt Maya’s chest tonight. And you said it felt nice to you because you were a man.”
“Sorry. I think I finally understand. You’re worried about your appearance and you need my opinion as a man.”
He sounded relieved. I traced the contours of his chest with my fingertips.
“Dutchy showed me a photo of Maria tonight. She was curvy Zac. And her boobs were huge. Mine are tiny. I’ve never even graduated from a padded bra. Pedro joked and said you were crazy not wanting to see me naked. But what if he doesn’t like how I look when I’m naked?”
“Pedro’s not blind. If breast size is an issue for him, I’m sure he’s figured out your body is differently proportioned to his first wife’s. I don’t think he’s that shallow though.”
“How do you know?”
“I’ve seen him in action during a crisis. I remember when we were heading back to the Red Cross village in Haiti. We came across two men who were robbing jewellery off the dead and dying. One bloke was feeling the contours of this woman’s chest and he said something to the other in Haitian and laughed. At first I thought he was feeling for a heartbeat. Except I could sense Pedro bristling beside me, so then I realized the bloke’s actions were predatory. The guy started removing the woman’s gold necklace. And Pedro approached him and socked him in the jaw. Good and proper. I heard the guy’s jaw crack. And the other guy fled. Then Pedro kissed the woman’s forehead and scooped up all the jewellery and handed it in to the camp supervisor.”
“Gosh Zac - he’s been through so much. They all have... Dutchy and Katja... Reece and Prada...”
“And the rest of the family.”
“The rest?”
“Hey sis - if you marry into this family you’re going to have relatives coming out of your ears. I’m not sure of the current head count, but I know that Dutchy and Katja were orphaned by the holocaust, then they got married at fifteen and had six children of their own. And they adopted fourteen other displaced Romanian orphans, including Maria. And those kids all have children...”
“Adopted? Now I understand why Maria didn’t look like Katja or Dutchy...”
“Maybe that’s why Pedro’s so blown away by you too.”
“What do you mean?”
“Maybe he needs someone who looks very different to Maria - someone that doesn’t remind him of her. And to have met someone to start over again who looks different to Maria and also loves Petrina - it must be like a dream come true for him... I wouldn’t let an echo of Eden spoil it for either of you.”
“If Maya’s chest was as small as mine, would you still love her?”
“I love how Maya looks... but I also love her for who she is inside... her fledgling love for God... her tenacity... the way she makes me feel inside... the way she thinks... and moves... and laughs... Over the years her appearance is going to change. So will mine. Dad and Mum have often told us that love needs to be based on more than appearance. And they’re right...”
“Oh boy. I’ve never heard you talk like this about another girl... You’re completely smitten with my bestie, bro!” I giggled.
Zac smiled self consciously.
“I didn’t know you knew each other until a few hours ago Hope.”
“I didn’t know you knew Pedro until a few hours ago either.”
Zac laughed softly. I drew a deep breath.
“I feel the same way about Pedro as you feel about Maya. He’s fantastic Zac. He’s a Christian... And the perfect gentleman... And he’s got this sexy laugh... And a hunky chest... And I feel safe around him... He’s a cross between you and dad... I think I could search for all my life and not find someone I love more.”
He looked at me in surprise.
“I knew you two were interested in each other, but you’re talking like you’re ready to marry tomorrow.”
“I am Zac. But Dad’s gonna say I’m too young to contemplate marriage when he finds out about our age difference. Especially after my track record of being deceitful about relationships.”
“Does dad know about Heidi Cannikin... intrepid reporter...gutsy adventurer... scientific writer extraordinaire?”
“No. It all started out innocent enough. All I did was submit a few of my college writing assignments into competitions using the pen name Heidi Cannikin. And I won a few cash prizes. And next minute I had newspapers ringing me up telling me they’d pay for my travel and hotel expenses if I’d write articles for them. So I did...”
“I enjoy reading the articles you write. They’re witty yet concise - Ms Cannikin!”
I smiled tensely.
“Will you help me tell Dad and Mum I didn’t deliberately deceive them Zac? Otherwise I might be grounded for the rest of my life and never get to marry Pedro.”
Zac chuckled warmly.
“Sure... Dad and Mum have got a few secrets of their own we can use as leverage!”
“Thanks big brother.”
I wrapped my arms around him. He squeezed me tightly. Unreservedly. I savoured the moment.
“Are you nervous about telling Dad and Mum about Maya?”
A pause.
“I’m a bit concerned they might have wanted me to marry someone who speaks Yupik.”
“Maya can always learn Yupik.”
“You’re the eternal optimist Hope.”
“I’ll help you break the news to them then. I’ve had more experience dropping bombshells on them, than you have.”
Zac laughed breezily.
“I think I can handle...”
Zac stopped midsentence.
“...Dave!” he gasped.
Zac drew me protectively closer. Chest on chest to disguise my unbuttoned top. I could feel his heart beating wildly. Dave stopped midstride, his back facing us.
“Sorry mate. I was trying to sneak past without being seen while you two were having your Canney cuddle.”
“You overheard us talking?” confirmed Zac.
“Yes. It’s good to hear you two communicating instead of locking horns... On that note, I’d best leave you two to continue your conversation...”
“Why?” I asked.
“Er... Because I’m so cold, I reckon I’m halfway to hypothermia.”
“Of course you’re cold. You’re just in your jocks,” I said in a matter-of-fact tone.
“Hope!” scolded Zac.
“Er... I was hoping it was too dark for you to notice,” mumbled Dave.
“No. I can see them clearly. You should buy some jocks like Dave’s, Zac. Since you’re trying new things before you’re married. They’re sexier than the boxers you wear.”
“Hope!” groaned Zac.
“Why aren’t you wearing PJ’s anyway Dave?” I asked curiously.
“Er... When I came back inside after chatting to Jen, everyone was asleep and I couldn’t get to my travel bag. So I just undressed and climbed into my sleeping bag and went to sleep in my jocks.”
“So why are you wandering around out here in your jocks?”
“Hope! It’s none of our business!” chided Zac.
“Er... I couldn’t sleep, so I got up... I didn’t plan on being outside very long... Except then Zac came out and plonked himself down pretty close to where I was... then you came out... and then you both started chatting... so I kinda stayed put rather than disturb you.”
“Oh, that explains it. I thought you might’ve been...”
“Hope!”
Zac physically clamped his hand over my mouth. I wriggled free and drew a deep breath.
“Zac’s sleeping bag’s warm. Why don’t you hop in with us and warm up?”
“Thanks, but I’d rather not do that.”
“Well at least turn around. It’s very difficult having a conversation with your back.”
“Thanks, but I’d rather not do that either.”
“Why not?”
“Because I just don’t want to make things any more awkward than they already are.”
“You secretly think my body’s ugly, don’t you?”
A noisy sigh from Zac.
“No...” said Dave quickly. “It’s nothing to do with your physical appearance. It’s just a matter of... commonsense.”
“So it’s not commonsense to look at someone when you’re talking to them?”
“No... It’s just one of us might feel... shy.”
“Zac and you already showered together so you can’t be shy of each other. And I’m not shy of you. So it has to be because you’re shy of seeing me in PJ’s.”
“No. It’s not your clothes... I’ve seen women wearing less than you’re wearing before.”
“When?”
“Er... well... back at the Airbase, I used to have to walk into the women’s shower-room sometimes to hurry a group of women along. Or check a woman over for ticks or treat her injuries.”
“So I’m not shy of you seeing me, and you’re not shy of seeing me, and I’m not shy of seeing you... so you’re shy of me seeing you, right?”
“Er... no... Or do I mean yes? Can you run that whole thing by me again?”
A deep chuckle from Zac.
“Stop laughing and help me out here mate! She’s doing my head in and Jen’s not here to rescue me!”
“Hope. Dave’s been doing a fantastic job as our surrogate dad these last couple of weeks, but he just doesn’t want to get in our sleeping bag with us in the clothes he’s in.”
“But we won’t be able to see what he’s wearing once he’s in our sleeping bag.”
“Hope! You’re torturous!” groaned Zac.
Dave cracked up.
“I give up... It’s too hard to keep having this conversation with my back to you pair... Listen Zac... hug your sister up real close - chest to chest. So I can’t see or feel anyone’s rude bits. Or see or feel what anyone’s rude bits are doing... And I’ll join this scantily clad Canney conversation - in my scanty attire... Even though it’s awkward for me and torturous for you.”
Zac drew me close again. Dave slid into the sleeping bag beside Zac.
A lengthy silence.
“Are you too scared to talk Dave?” I asked.
“Nah... I’m just enjoying the warmth.”
“Did you hear everything Zac and I were saying?”
“More or less.”
“Did you hear me asking Zac’s opinion about my chest?”
“Er... yes.”
“So what do you think?”
“Er... I generally steer clear of conversations about body image with women.”
“Because it’s a matter of commonsense?”
“Well women can be kinda sensitive about such topics.”
“It’s okay Dave. You can be frank with me. And you don’t have to hug me better if I get upset. Since you’re coy.”
Dave laughed freely.
“Alright. I’ll come clean. I’m not really coy. I just thought that if I pretended to be coy Zac might come to my rescue.”
Zac chuckled softly.
“Hmmm.... Let’s see... You’d like to have a shot at increasing your chest size... Well... a fella can’t build his chest without the right nutritional building blocks, so I guess women’s chests are much the same... it’s just that their chests have more fat tissue so the building blocks are a bit different... If I was your fitness instructor back in the Airforce, I’d be doubling your exercise regime for starters. Getting you up to at least forty push-ups to build up your chest frame.”
“Forty push-ups a day!” I gasped.
“Yep. And as well as the exercise, I’d double your carbs and protein intake to build up your chest muscles. And double your fat intake to build up the chest tissue... You know... Put you on full cream milk. None of this watered down low-fat stuff that’s full of additives that they label milk... And I’d feed you eggs every day... And fresh meat and veggies like we produce back at the station... And if that didn’t have any impact on your chest size, I’d double it all again...”
“Double it all again?! But that’d be eighty pushups!”
“Yep... It’s the only approach to take with scrawny runts like yerself... Even then it can take a year or two before there’s much to show for your hard work... I reckon it’s fortunate you weren’t with Zac and the others when they took Farliga Pass the other day...”
“Why?”
“Well Zac’s dropped 20kgs since I saw him last - between being lovesick and exerting himself on the Pass... Even Maya and Jake are leaner than when I last saw them... Imagine if you’d taken the Pass with them... We would’ve had to have written home to your dad and told him you were missing in action... Fell through a rock fissure the size of drainpipe and ended up in the centre of the earth somewhere...”
I laughed softly.
“You think I’m joking, eh? I’ll fix that... Report to me in the morning with Pedro. 07:00 hours. I’ll find your fitness baseline and then I’m putting Pedro in charge of your exercise routine... Same goes for you and your charges too Zac... I expect to see you all 7 am sharp. Exercises then judo classes.”
“Judo classes? But what if Dutchy joins in?” I gasped.
“Well I guess it’ll be an interesting start to the day if Dutchy joins in.”
Zac shook with laughter beside me.
“Followed by breakfast. At least four eggs for you girl. And six for you Zac... If you civilians are gonna run around confronting military heavies like Luan and Tarapaca, then you need to get your bodies into top form and keep them in top form...”
“But...”
“No arguing in the ranks. Same rules apply in my outfit whether you’re a scrawny wisp of a girl or a well built fella.”
“Are you this bossy about fitness with Jen?”
“Yes. You can’t prevent yourself growing old, but you can prevent yourself growing unfit... It’s good to get fit now while you’re young... Good for your love life too since you both seem to be thinking of going that way... Jen’s almost as trim as the day I married her... Lying in bed naked next to her at night we both forget we’ve got wrinkled skin and we just feel like we’re a young courting couple again... Hmmm... nice thought that... It’ll be good to get home and get a cuddle...”
Silence. Zac and I exchanged glances.
“Go get your sleeping bag to connect with mine,” said Zac, softly in Yupik. “Give us five minutes before you rejoin us.”
“I’ll make it ten,” I replied, as I climbed out of the sleeping bag and walked back towards the warehouse.

Courage is a special kind of knowledge - knowing how to fear what ought to be feared
and how not to fear what ought not be feared.
-David Ben-Gurion

“You sound like you’re really missing Jen...” ventured Zac, when Hope was out of earshot.
Dave hesitated.
“Yeah... It hit me tonight.”
Silence.
“Is Jen okay... after she rang tonight?” probed Zac cautiously.
“Yeah... I had a heart to heart with her... Evidently Gordon found a crack and accidentally opened up a fountain.”
“I thought Jen and Gordon kept their distance.”
Dave smiled.
“Have done in the past... Apparently, getting to know Jen was on Gordon’s list of challenges after all...”
Silence. Dave cleared his throat.
“I left a few details out earlier when Hope asked why I was out here... I don’t normally have any trouble sleeping but I just couldn’t hit the land of nod after Jen rang... I came outside because I needed a blubber, and I didn’t want anyone to hear me.”
Zac searched Dave’s face in the moonlight. He cautiously rested a concerned hand on his bare shoulder. Dave wriggled closer. Zac draped his other arm around him. Dave moved closer still and exhaled emotionally.
“I’d just about got the sorries out of my system, when I saw you appear with your sleeping bag, then look around and strip off... I knew I’d pushed you pretty hard already and you probably weren’t up to any more stressful encounters with me. So I thought I’d stay put until you looked asleep. Except then your sister rocked up...”
“... so you opted to stay put and half freeze to death rather than interrupt our conversation?”
“Ah ha.”
“And then you got dragged into our conversation too. In your jocks. How... embarrassing!”
“Embarrassment’s a good thing... helps you grow. So is being pushed outta your comfort zone... Keeps you praying...” bantered Dave.
“You ISRA mob have a whole different outlook on life.”
Dave chuckled.
“I admit I was out of my comfort zone for a bit there... But I kept reminding myself that more important issues were at stake than my temporary discomfort...”
“What issues?”
“Hope and the demon of anorexia have had a few rounds together, eh?”
“What makes you say that?” asked Zac guardedly.
“I guess I’ve just never quite got out of the habit of picking up the tell-tale clues... The first evening we met, Jen and I were massaging your sister and I could feel her ribs, and I picked up she was wearing two pair of padded bras... Then yesterday, Maya mentioned in passing that Hope didn’t know how to use tampons when they first met which suggested delayed menstruation... And when you were talking about Haiti, you mentioned your parents were having a hard time with Hope over her weight...And then there was that flood of body image questions a while back...”
Zac paused.
“Um... You’re right. She was borderline anorexic. But don’t tell Mum or Dad I told you.”
“It’s one of those shameful family secrets, eh?”
“My parents blamed themselves... The worry aged them a lot too.”
“Anorexia claimed the life of another young woman in my outfit once... Years ago, before it was a well known disorder... It made me ropable that someone with so much potential could throw her life away... And when your sister called her body ugly and you let out that sigh, I got angry inside, and decided that even if you or I got embarrassed I was gonna have a shot at building on what you’d been saying to her...”
“Thanks for inputting into her life Dave... She’s changed so much since the last time we were home together. I had to pinch myself tonight when I saw her sitting down alongside Pedro, hoeing into a full plate of beef kebabs, then helping herself to pavlova... Anorexia’s so disruptive... It destroyed our family meal times... prevented us from eating out at restaurants... stole so many happy times together as a family because of the constant tension...”
Zac moistened his lips.
“I remember when it had its strongest grip on Hope, I was having a heated debate with her... trying to install some desire in her to snap out of her downward spiral... and she said she didn’t want to grow up - that she wanted to stay a little girl... But it’s like that’s all changed now... She’s talking about marriage...and motherhood. Mum and Dad are gonna cry for joy when they find out.”
“Nothing like a brush with death to make you realize how precious life really is, eh?”
Silence.
“Everything that’s happened tonight feels surreal... I talked about stuff... and did stuff tonight which I’ve been afraid to do before...Thanks for giving me the opportunity to practise being courageous.”
“Iron sharpens iron young lion,” replied Dave, squeezing Zac’s shoulder.
Zac made no attempt to break free. Dave started chuckling softly.
“Now what?”
“Sorry. I just get a buzz out of moments like these. Finally the caterpillar’s emerged as a butterfly...”
“Huh?”
“We’ve been snuggled up together in your sleeping bag for the last ten minutes... skin on skin... scary body bits brushing... and you haven’t tried to make a break for it once. Not bad for a young bloke who was struggling to let me even lean into his personal space earlier tonight...”
Zac hurriedly distanced himself as far away as the sleeping bag would permit.
“I wouldn’t even do this with Dad!” he groaned. “How did I end up doing it with you?!”
Dave laughed roguishly.
“I dunno... But you should try it with your dad some time... Next time you two catch up, why don’t you give him a lingering commando cuddle and have a long chat about sex with him?”
Zac wrinkled up his nose at the suggestion.
“Those butterfly wings of yours are still a bit wet to fly yet, eh?”
“Well they’re not ready for aerobatics if that’s what you mean.”
Dave eyed Hope walking towards them.
“Hmmm... Your sister’s coming back... I’d best get meself back inside so we can all get some shut eye, eh?”
Zac restrained Dave by the forearm.
“Dare you to stick around.”
“Come again?”
“Dare you to sack between me and Hope for the rest of the night. Since you’re missing Jen and you feel like a commando cuddle.”
Dave raised flabbergasted eyebrows.
“It’d be a good opportunity to make sure you’ve properly got past your distrust of young women as well. It might stretch you outta shape a bit if you haven’t, mind ya...”
Silence. Dave cleared his throat.
“You know, it’s been years since anyone dared challenge me pup.”
“’Bout time someone did then,” retorted Zac.
“You know what happens when someone throws down the gauntlet around me?”
“No.”
“I take up their challenge. Then I dish them back with a double serve...”
“Bring it on pops!”
“Alright... Give me your boardies.”
“What?” 
“Well it’d be inappropriate to sleep between you and your sister in just my jocks.”
“But if I give you my boardies that means I’ll have to sleep near you in just boxers!” hissed Zac.
“Double dare served!” retorted Dave with a mischievous grin.


Chapter 21

Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
-Steve Jobs

Zac looked up from his second helping of breakfast as a hire car drove right into the warehouse. Two people got out. Zac sprung to his feet and sprinted towards them.
“Dad!” exploded Zac, pressing his father up against his body.
Kiviuq grinned and returned Zac’s unexpected embrace.
“It’s good to see you too, son.”
“Just keeping you on your toes,” replied Zac in Yupik. “You never know when you might have to cuddle another bear cub whose chute hasn’t opened.”
Kiviuq raised surprised eyebrows. 
“I don’t remember ever telling you about that incident,” he said, as if searching to recollect the conversation.
“You must have forgotten!” grinned Zac.
Kiviuq moved into Zac’s personal space and breathed on his cheek. Zac made no attempt to move away.
“You’ve changed on the inside since we were last together,” said Kiviuq curiously.
“I’ve decided it’s about time I started mirroring your boldness and you stopped mirroring my coyness.”
Kiviuq eyed Zac analytically for a long moment.
“You’re on!” he said, breaking into a cheeky grin.
The reply was in perfect English, without any trace of his usual Yupik accent.
Zac cleared his throat, sensing he’d unleashed a tiger in his father’s soul. They started walking towards the others.
“How was the trip anyway Wandering Adventurer?” asked Dave warmly.
“Well our flight here was uneventful, but since touching down in Perth we’ve been hit by a bombshell or two.”
“Why Dad?” I asked, assuming I was responsible for the bombshell.
“Well Tunfaruq, it all began when we were eating breakfast and opened our complimentary newspaper. Imagine our surprise when we saw your older brother’s face - reflecting his passionate commitment to a young woman we’ve never met, on the front of the West Australian.”
Zac opened the folded newspaper Kiviuq handed him and slowly rubbed his lips with his fingertips. I leant over his shoulder and started laughing.
“You’re gonna have to keep your face out of newspapers big brother!” I teased.
Zac half heartedly whacked me with the paper and rubbed his creased brow.
“Maya and Jake! I left you both alone for less than an hour yesterday. How did you two manage to get me into so much trouble in that amount of time?”
“Frank needed something for the front page so we brainstormed and came up with the idea of an intrepid travelling mini-series,” shrugged Maya.
“And Frank paid me $250 for my photo!” added Jake proudly.
Dave doubled over with laughter.
“What do you know about this Dave?” muttered Zac.
“I nearly said something when they gave the photo to Frank yesterday. But I let it pass, because my knowledge of Inuit cultural practices is a little sketchy.”
“What’s an Inuit cultural practice?” asked Maya brightly.
“Maybe Kiviuq should explain...” suggested Dave.
Eyes turned in Kiviuq’s direction.
“Well, some people call it an Eskimo kiss. But this means more than a kiss in our culture... Within a family, it expresses tender, caring affection for someone you deeply love. And between lovers it expresses passionate commitment. And a desire to be with that person for the rest of your life.”
Maya glanced at Zac.
“So we’ve been sprung by your parents, right?”
“Good and proper,” replied Zac with twinkling eyes.
“Oh well. Since we’ve been sprung, you’d better introduce me.”
“And we might as well take advantage of the shock and introduce ourselves at the same time!” grinned Pedro, wrapping his arms around Hope and Petrina.
“Hola Nana,” said Petrina smiling sweetly.
Helen smiled back but said nothing.
“Hallo Nana...” repeated Petrina undeterred. “Buna ziua Nana... Bonjou Nana...”
Helen’s eyes widened with surprise. She glanced over at Dutchy. Dutchy chuckled mischievously.
“What language does Nana speak Mama?” asked Petrina in English.
“Well she speaks quite a few languages, but I think she’s kinda speechless at the moment!” I laughed.
Zac stooped over and whispered in Petrina’s ear.
“Pick me up Apa’urluq,” said Petrina, extending her arms in Kiviuq’s direction.
Kiviuq scooped her up and grinned as Petrina affectionately nuzzled him.
“Oh, our first granddaughter Helen. Isn’t she beautiful?”
“Well I admit I’m intrigued by how many languages she speaks at such a tender age.”
Dave looked at his watch and exchanged subtle glances with Kiviuq.
“Gordon mentioned you had to attend a meeting son.”
“Yeah. Just over at Garden Island with Dave. We won’t be long though, then we can spend the rest of the day together.”
“Actually, why don’t you come for the drive Kiviuq?” suggested Dave.
“Love to,” replied Kiviuq casually.
I glanced at Zac curiously.
“Since when do geophysicists attend military strategy meetings Zac? Come to that, why do they want the owner of an outback B & B at a military strategy meeting Dave?”
Kiviuq and Helen exchanged wordless glances.
“Never mind loading them down with questions young lady,” said Helen. “I’ve got a few questions of my own. Like why are you here in Australia with your brother, when you’re supposed to be in Alaska? And why is this multilingual child calling me Nana?”
Ω
Mike looked around with a start, conscious that someone was standing over him in the semi darkness. Charlie plonked himself down on Mike’s bed. Mike glanced at him circumspectly. Charlie wriggled closer. Mike stiffened but managed to stay put.
“What are you doing?” asked Mike tersely.
“Waiting ‘til you don’t feel I’m a threat.”
“You’re in my bed in just a towel and you don’t expect me to feel threatened?!”
Charlie chuckled.
“Alright - I was just making sure you weren’t gay, while I was waiting for the trust to build between us.”
“And what exactly were you planning on doing if I went for your towel?”
“Knocking you into next week. Too bad if it’s politically incorrect.”
Mike laughed and let down his guard.
“You’re inimitable Charlie.”
“Want to go another round of top and toe?”
“Why?”
“You found the last round stretching this morning. Top and toe’s supposed to be relaxing.”
Mike paused.
“I admit I was stretched... I was trying to hide it though, because I know you’re all trying to connect with Paul.”
“You hid it well.”
“Obviously not well enough to fool you.”
Charlie eyed Mike perspicaciously.
“Something surfaced this morning that you weren’t ready to share, eh?”
“You don’t exactly beat around the bush, do you General?”
“Not with a bloke who can pick up a non-verbal directive and obey it, even when he finds it stretching.”
Mike drew a deep breath.
“The massage reminded me of my wife’s pampering... and that got me panicking about the future.”
“Panicking?”
“They know I’m back from overseas, but they don’t know I’m an emotional basket-case.”
Mike cleared his throat.
“I don’t want them to know Charlie... But when I go home, Julia’s gonna pick it up... And her parents are gonna ask why I’ve left the Airforce... and so are our friends... And I don’t know what I’m gonna say, because I don’t want to leave the Airforce... But I can’t return to my old job... I know I’d be a liability like this... I thought about becoming a deskie. But John reckons I wouldn’t last five minutes before I blew my stack with frustration... and he’s right.”
“Sounds like we need to create you some breathing space.”
“How?”
“Tell your family and friends you’ve been placed on a special assignment with the ISRA. That way you have a valid excuse for being secretive about what you’re doing and what you’ve done... And you won’t have to talk too much to anyone until you feel less fragile.”
“I’d love a job like that Charlie, but it goes against my grain to lie, just to cut myself some slack... Then again... that’s given me an idea. Tomorrow I’ll type #ISRA vacancies# into John’s computer and see if anything comes up...”
“I think you’ll find that if you type #Michael Vincent Gregory# into any of the op centre computers, you’ll discover that you’ve already been reassigned to Special Operations, ISRA headquarters.”
Mike sat up.
“Headquarters?!... Hang on... It all makes sense... The ISRA insignia on the Farliga Pass site... the link to the Airforce mainframe... the way you’re trying to build a relationship with Paul so he’ll stick around... and the ISRA have a reputation for annexing the best graduates which is why Ryan’s here...”
Charlie’s eyes twinkled. Mike shook his head in disbelief.
“It was staring me in the face all along Charlie... And John was trying to tell me the other night but I missed all his hints at the time... Duh... I must’ve been tired or something...”
“I told John just to tell you straight, but he said he felt the best approach was to just let the lead colt enjoy running wild with the stallions for a bit. Whatever that means...”
A broad grin from Mike. Charlie mirrored it.
“So what does Special Ops entail anyway?”
“At the moment it means mentoring Paul and Ryan. You’ve already been doing that informally anyway. Then when you feel like you can handle extra pressure, you can mentor the Special Forces and ISRA recruits that come through weekdays... or head off with us on ISRA assignments if they tickle your fancy. We share the overseas workload, so no one gets burnt out. And if we’re not somewhere else in the world, we generally try to spend the weekends with our families at Malmstrom, with a rostered weekend out here once a month to support the recreational retreat facade.”
Mike moistened his lips as Charlie continued.
“When you’re ready, we’ll transfer your family to Malmstrom, and our wives can feed Julia enough information to keep her curiosity at bay. And down the track when you’re up to all those probing questions, Julia and your kids can come out here. Or even live out here permanently like Dave and John’s families did, if you prefer that arrangement as a family...”
Silence. Mike let out a laboured breath and sniffed up.
“Upsetting suggestion?” ventured Charlie softly.
“Sorry... The emotional basket-case is just crying with joy.”
“I was an emotional basket-case after Korea... Still can’t handle the MASH jingle on the tele. We’ve lost three teles because of that series. Karla has banned live tele whenever I’m home, in case we lose a fourth.”
“Your wife’s name’s Karla?”
“Ah ha.”
“The shrink’s name was Karla too.”
“Ah ha.”
Mike reddened.
“I vented off to her Charlie.”
“I know. She was so disturbed by what you told her, that she broke the confidentiality rule and passed your feedback onto us... Off the record, that clown from the Academy’s been reassigned to a non-combat post... And John went through the cream of this year’s Academy graduates and selected Ryan, to try and get an idea of the flaws in the Academy’s training. We can’t do much about the Academy’s curriculum or teaching methods. But we’re re-establishing Dave’s leadership programme and pushing for the compulsory participation of all Academy graduates in our programme before they’re given combat assignments.”
“Now that’s something I’d really like to be involved in.”
“Thought you’d be interested!” grinned Charlie. “Might see if we can get Dave over here to run a refresher course as well... Although we remember most of Dave’s dares anyway... They’re kinda unforgettable.”
“Dave’s dares?”
“Ah ha... Like top-to-toe.”
“Don’t you mean top and toe?”
“Nah. That’s the watered down version for ‘fraidy cat recruits. Top-to-toe was part of the advanced leadership programme. Designed to get rid of inhibitions in Security Service personnel so they could handle awkward moments out in the field.”
“Sounds embarrassing.”
Charlie laughed roguishly and draped a friendly arm around Mike.
“Dare ya ta let me show you...”
Ω
Maya watched Dave pull on overalls over his shorts, then don a wig.
“You look... different!” she laughed adjusting his untidy black curls.
“Luan and Tarapaca know me by sight. Think I’ll fool them?”
“Probably... You look a lot younger... And more like a foreign labourer than the owner of a B & B.”
“Well, you look the part anyway,” said Kiviuq as he started to strip off.
Maya averted her gaze to give him some privacy. Kiviuq laughed mischievously.
“Scared of the sight of a fella in boxers, eh?”
“No. But we only met each other ten minutes ago. And our relationship is already off to a rocky start over the front page incident.”
Kiviuq chuckled as he stepped into his overalls.
“Do up the press-studs for me will you? I’m riddled with arthritis.”
Maya glanced fleetingly at Dave. Dave’s eyes twinkled. Maya stepped closer and started fastening his overalls. Kiviuq eyed Dave with a hint of embarrassment as she did up the lower press-studs.
“I didn’t expect her to stick around when I stripped off. Let alone have the nerve to do what I asked.”
“Sounds like you need to go a round of top-to-toe with her.”
“What’s top-to-toe?” asked Maya, eyeing Kiviuq.
“Never mind.”
Dave laughed roguishly.
“News flash mate. Maya has got nerves of steel and her audacity is rubbing off on your son. Last night he extracted all these secrets out of me then dared me to let go of the past and move on...”
“Is that right? I might have to get to know Ataniq’s heart-throb better.”
“And I might have to get to know you better,” replied Maya confidently.
She looked Kiviuq up and down and adjusted his collar.
“You might get away with your Paul Smith boxers, but Aussie labourers don’t wear Gucci sunnies on the job,” she said, removing them and placing them on her head. “Why are you both going to a strategy meeting dressed like labourers anyway?”
“Strategy,” replied Dave.
Maya watched Kiviuq and Dave strap on wrist guns, then adjust their overall sleeves to cover them.
“You’re taking guns?” she said open-mouthed.
“No catching flies,” quipped Dave. “I just told him you’ve got nerves of steel.”
Kiviuq eyed Dave.
“He hasn’t told her?”
“I haven’t told him. Thought he’d be best off taking the role of innocent bystander.”
“He’s a reasonable shot,” ventured Kiviuq.
“He’s a first-rate shot. I watched him through binoculars out at Banja when he was teaching young Jake to shoot. But he’s just come back from Farliga Pass and he’s exhausted...”
“What was he doing there?” gasped Kiviuq.
“He used the Pass as a shortcut out of Yellowstone Park. Dragged Maya here and Jake along as well for company. Somewhere along the line he interacted with John and some of the others... gleaned additional information off Dutchy and me... and he’s added everything together and figured out his status...”
“What?”
“...and pretty much figured out ours as well... I ended up sacking with your pair last night actually, so they wouldn’t do a runner on you and Helen before you both arrived.”
“Has he told Hope?”
“I’m not sure. They’ve been yabbering a lot in Yupik.”
“Zac’s told her enough to stop her doing a runner,” said Maya.
Kiviuq eyed Maya curiously.
“Has he told you enough to stop you doing a runner?”
Maya flung her arms around Kiviuq and hugged him like a long-lost friend.
“Keep Zac safe for me. And come back safe yourself.”
Kiviuq gently mirrored the unanticipated embrace.
“You come back safe too Dave,” whispered Maya, squeezing him tightly. “Jen needs you.”
“Sshhh... We’ll be alright,” replied Dave soothingly. “Like last time...”
Ω
Maya found Zac, dressed in King Gee work clothes.
“You look like a rugged foreman,” she said. “Except sexier.”
Zac’s smile was tinged with embarrassment.
“I haven’t a clue why Dave wants me to wear Pedro’s work clobber to this meeting. It seems such a strange request.”
Maya moistened her lips.
“Do you think you should take a gun as well?”
“Maya, it’s a strategy meeting with U.S. Navy personnel. Why on earth would I need a weapon?”
“Well at least take this. I packed it for you.”
“What’s in it?”
“Tools and stuff. Like off MacGyver. The tools might come in handy. And it fits in with what you’re wearing.”
“Alright,” nodded Zac, clipping the well-worn tool-belt around his waist.
Maya flung her arms around Zac and squeezed him tightly.
“Maya. What’s wrong?”
“Journalist intuition... Promise me you’ll listen to the Still Small Voice Zac. And obey Him.”
“I promise,” whispered Zac, breathing gently on Maya’s cheek.
Silence.
“Actually, the Still Small Voice is telling me to do something right now... It seems such a little thing, but I’ll obey Him.”
Zac unfastened the pendant his father had given him and refastened it around Maya’s neck.
“Mind it for me ‘til I get back...”
Ω
Dave nodded at the guard at the front checkpoint as they drove past him.
“Can you believe their security?”
Kiviuq raised his eyebrows in silent agreement.
“There’s hardly a need for high security. It’s just your run-of-the-mill warship,” shrugged Zac.
“It’s supposed to look ordinary so it doesn’t attract attention. You’re actually looking at the floating arm of the U.S. Office of Naval Research, Zac.”
“Meaning?”
“The Jefferson is carrying some of the most sophisticated weaponry on the planet - the Maritime Laser Demonstrator , a free electron laser, several directed energy weapons, equipment for experiments with neutral particle beam technology, and a whole bunch of other gadgets I’ve never heard of...”
“Sounds like a floating target to me,” retorted Zac, as they climbed out of the car.
Dave and Kiviuq exchanged brusque looks.
“The other night when Luan and Tarapaca returned to Laverton, Gordon took the liberty of planting a comm-sat bug in their jeep. Yesterday he discovered that they’ve placed two E/M weapons aboard the Jefferson.”
Dave paused.
“Except looking for two stray E/M weapons in a ship that’s chockers full of experimental weapons is like looking for a needle in a haystack... The skeleton crew have been unable to locate them - simply because they don’t know what they’re looking for.”
“Why are just a skeleton crew looking for them?” 
“Most of the scientists from the crew are scattered all over Australia - literally. Everyone’s on a ten day R & R break and not everyone’s elected to stay in Perth. Some are on whirlwind tours of Australia, others have gone to the Gold Coast, Sydney and Melbourne. One group of research scientists apparently even took a seven day trip to Antarctica.”
“So isn’t it the Navy’s problem?”
“It’s a Navy warship,” explained Kiviuq. “But the research is a cooperative project between the U.S. Airforce and U.S. Navy.”
“Hence the ISRA’s involvement. But that doesn’t mean I want to be involved. Or should be involved. I might be an ISRA sleeper, but I didn’t ask to be one.”
Kiviuq rested his hands on Zac’s shoulders.
“The world is a dangerous place son, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing...”
Zac clenched his fists behind his back out of his father’s sight. Dave read the body language.
“Zac - Gordon understands how you feel. He’s en-route from Laverton as we speak to help us. But Gordon and I have to be careful how we get involved in the search, because Luan and Tarapaca know us by sight...”
“Luan and Tarapaca are here?” frowned Zac.
“Garden Island... 27th... 9 pm. Remember?”
“They’re crazy!” gasped Zac. “Firing two E/M weapons from here could blow every unprotected device aboard the Jefferson. And if the Jefferson’s nuclear reactor gets damaged, that could result in nuclear fallout over Perth... Worse still, if Luan has those weapons aimed at the Darling Scarp fault-line, they could trigger an earthquake in Perth...”
Dave and Kiviuq nodded simultaneously.
“That’s why we’ve enlisted the help of a Cat 1 sleeper who knows more about E/M weapons than both of us put together,” replied Dave solemnly.
Ω
Zac surveyed the deck of the warship with a mixture of disdain and awe. No two ways about it. Finding two E/M weapons among all the arsenal on the deck wasn’t going to be easy. And there was another cache of experimental weapons in the belly of the ship as well.
“I could get Jake and Reece over to help us in the search,” said Zac slowly. “And possibly fly Pete, Brendan and Dale over from the Eastern States as well. We’ve got about nine hours before Tarapaca’s demonstration.”
Kiviuq smiled faintly at Zac’s shift in attitude.
“Gordon considered involving your Australian research team son, but he felt that due to their limited interaction with military heavies, the risk of them getting injured by Luan or Tarapaca was too great.”
“He wasn’t going to involve you either for the same reason,” added Dave. “But last night Dutchy told Gordon and John that you had sufficient combat skills to pass his ISRA training course, so they relented. Sometimes desperate situations call for desperate measures...”
A pensive silence.
“I think the best place to start is by searching the places where the E/M weapons are most likely to be fired from,” said Zac.
“Meaning?”
“Luan will need a line of sight view of the satellite when it passes overhead tonight so that narrows it down to on the deck or in hidey holes which can open up to get a view of the sky. The E/M weapons also need to be near an uninterrupted power supply so that further narrows down the likely places. And we can further narrow down the field to the optimum spots if we calculate the exact flight path of the closest satellite to the Jefferson at 9 pm tonight...”
“...by using good old triangulation...” finished Kiviuq.
Zac nodded.
“It’ll be quicker if we split up Dad. You and Dave locate the skeleton crew and get a layout of the ship’s electrical outlets and generating equipment. I’ll contact Jake and get him and Reece to work on the satellite trajectory calculations, while I make a preliminary sortie around here on deck for anything out of the ordinary. Meet me back here as soon as you get hold of the schematics...”
Ω
Zac spoke to Jake and Reece, explaining the calculations he needed them to make, then ended the call. He surveyed the desolate deck. Tackling an investigative assignment without his team felt... different. Lonely. Zac meandered aimlessly along the deck towards the front of the ship while he waited for Dave and his father to return. Nothing of interest. He climbed a ladder and looked around for something out of place. His eyes picked up a solitary piece of discarded gum wrapper. The colour of the wrapper triggered a fleeting, recent memory. Zac went over to it and examined it more closely. Korean. Army issue. The same as the packet they’d found discarded at the Celia fault line near Laverton several weeks previously...
Ω
“What do you think about Zac’s idea of limiting the search to places with a view of the sky?” ventured Kiviuq, as they descended into the belly of the warship.
“It has its merits, but let’s go with John’s directive to search the experimental weapons area first. He said to meet him in the conference room for morning tea. Some Navy bods will brief us all and show us where to go from there.”
“When?”
“About now,” replied Dave casually.
Ω
Zac surveyed the area near the wrapper with keen eyes. Nearby, some scraps of red wire were swept into an untidy pile along with half a dozen cigarette butts and a small cardboard box. Zac looked around covertly then opened the box. Inside it was a discarded voltage multiplier. It had been de-soldered, which suggested someone had been working on an electronics project nearby and replaced the component. 
Zac used his mobile to connect to the internet then searched the catalogues of E/M weapon distributors for the part number of the component. Several kit weapons came up. Zac displayed their images, then looked up at his surroundings again. His eyes fell on a nearby gun turret. Mounted to the top of it were two grey metal objects. They were the same colour as the gun turret and for all intents and purposes looked part of the structure. Except Zac knew intuitively that they didn’t belong aboard the Navy ship...
Burning with curiosity, he walked over towards the gun turret for a closer look. He threw a cursory glance around, then pulled a Philips screwdriver out of the tool-belt which Maya had insisted he wear to the meeting...
Ω
“That’s three levels down... Now it should be the fifth door on the right,” said Dave.
Kiviuq stopped midstride and frowned.
“Are you claustrophobic mate?”
“Nah... I’ve got a gut feeling we should tell Zac where we’re going.”
“I’ll go with your gut feeling. We’ll tell him as soon as we find John and his new aide.”
Dave counted doors aloud as they walked down the corridor.
“1...2...3...4...This should be the room...”
Dave and Kiviuq pushed open the door. A man and a woman wearing Navy uniforms and sober expressions looked at them. Kiviuq redirected his attention to John. He was dressed in civilian clothing and seated at an impressive oak table, laid out with plates and morning tea. A pale-faced teenager in civilian clothing sat near him. Angry tension exuding from his youthful face. Near the group stood an edgy MP. Presumably a security guard. John’s eyes flickered - silently telling them to leave. Dave missed the non-verbal hint. Kiviuq picked up the hint and hesitated mid-stride - then went against his gut feeling and kept following Dave.
“Gidday John,” greeted Dave. “Long time no see mate.”
The door swung shut. Another man dressed like a MP stepped into view, wielding an automatic.
“Good morning gentlemen,” sneered General Luan. “We’ve been expecting you.”
Ω
Zac attempted to call his father. The phone was switched off or unavailable. To his chagrin, Zac realized he didn’t even know Dave’s mobile number. He tried to ring Gordon. No answer.
Zac scrawled a note in Yupik, telling his father to ring him on his mobile if they returned and left it under a spanner. Then he started walking downstairs towards the belly of the warship.
Ω
Zac paused at the bottom of the metal steps. He had descended into the heart of the ship but now he had no real idea where to start looking.
Promise me you’ll listen to the Still Small Voice.
Maya’s concerned plea just as he’d left. Zac stilled his heart. Something was niggling him...
“Show me Holy Spirit...”
Zac drew in a slow breath of realization. His father and Dave had readily gone below deck to find someone who had the schematics for the warship. Too readily. 
Why had two experienced ISRA agents followed the directives of an inexperienced ISRA sleeper? Clearly Dave and his father had wanted to go below deck without him. And now his father wasn’t answering his phone...
Zac looked up at the metal ceiling as something rolled then thudded on the floor on the level directly above him. He glanced at the closest door. Stencilled black lettering identified his location as Level 4 Room 5. Zac cautiously opened the door. The deserted room was some type of informal lounge area - with coffee making facilities, a pool table and a tele.
Zac wondered if the same layout was replicated on the level directly above him, and that the noise he had heard was just someone playing pool. There was only one way to find out. And that was take a look and see what was happening in Room 5 on the level directly above him...
Ω
Zac put his ear to the closed door. He could hear muffled voices, but to his annoyance he couldn’t make out what they were saying. At least someone was in the room... So far he hadn’t even met anyone from the Navy, let alone joined them for a strategy meeting. Zac rapped on the door, then turned the knob and stuck his head inside. The first person he saw was his father - standing near a large oak table. As he went to greet him, Kiviuq bowed his head and started speaking in Yupik.
“Pretend you don’t know any of us,” said Kiviuq piously, with his eyes tightly shut.
“Shut up you religious nut!” barked someone from behind the door.
The words were English but the accent was unmistakeably Korean. Zac stuck his head around the door and made direct eye contact with Luan.
“Sorry to burst in on yer meeting,” said Zac, with a feigned Aussie accent. “I’m lost. I’m trying to find Room 5 Level 4. They said I could get smoko there. Can ya tell me where it is?”
Luan fired Zac a contemptuous look.
“Watch them while I frisk him,” he ordered, yanking Zac into the room.
Luan laughed coarsely at Zac’s startled response to the intrusive pat down. Zac contrived meekness and caught the eye of a grey haired man dressed in a Navy uniform.
“Hey... I know you military mob have ta be careful with terrorism and all that, but I’m just tryin’ ta find Level 4 - Room 5.”
“Right room number, wrong level,” replied the man apologetically. “Sorry you’ve been dragged into this young man.”
“He’s not armed,” reported Luan.
“Wired?”
“No. No military tats or dog-tags either. Just a mobile phone and his tool belt.”
“Might as well let him keep them. He’s obviously just a civilian contractor.”
Zac feigned his confusion.
“Can’t one of you MP blokes just escort me to the coffee room?” 
“Get over near the others!” ordered Luan.


Chapter 22

Courage is grace under pressure.
-Ernest Hemingway

Zac took in his surroundings as he slowly complied. The table was set for morning tea - plates, cups and cutlery. Two wrist strap guns were piled in the centre of the table, alongside three military issue weapons. Near, yet too far to be of help to anyone. Not that anyone was in a position to use a handgun anyway. Zac could now see that John and Ryan were handcuffed to each other. And his father and Dave had their wrists bound in front of them with cable ties. So did the man in the Navy uniform. Zac couldn’t see the only other person’s wrists - a Naval Lieutenant standing near the Navy Commander - but the nervous expression on the woman’s face suggested she was a prisoner too. Zac’s heart went out to her.
Zac quickly took stock of what they did have between them. He didn’t have a gun, but he still had his tool-belt. And at the moment he still had two free arms and legs. And everyone still had free legs to kick opponents if they came within reach. John and Ryan still had one free arm each. And while conventional weapons were out of reach, John and Ryan could still use a number of potential weapons. He could also communicate with his father in Yupik. The trouble was working out how to communicate with the others, so they could all act in unison.
Zac positioned himself near the table and casually pulled a couple of dinner plates closer. He made direct eye contact with Ryan and started humming softly as he drummed out a beat on the table.
Ryan’s eyes widened slightly. Zac broke off eye contact with Ryan and redirected his attention to John. He picked up the dinner plate and hummed softly again. John inched closer to the table. Finally, without more than a casual glance at Kiviuq, Zac started singing in Yupik.
“Kick ‘em high... Kick ‘em low!”
“What are you doing?” demanded Luan.
“Sorry. They’ve been playing Just Jack and Space Jam all morning on the radio. Can’t get it out of my head... All together now!”
Simultaneously an assortment of crockery and cutlery sailed forcefully through the air towards Luan and Tarapaca and struck them. The multi-directional attack caught both men by surprise.
“Strike!” yelled Ryan euphorically.
“Nap time!” added Kiviuq, as he and Dave dealt out several potent follow-up kicks until they were knocked out.
Zac snipped through the cable ties around his father and Dave’s wrists.
“Handy things tool-belts...” he grinned, tossing a roll of duct tape in his father’s direction.
Kiviuq chuckled as he and Dave set about binding up Luan and Tarapaca’s unconscious limbs with duct tape and builders string. Zac cut the handcuffs that joined John and Ryan with a pair of pliers. John moved towards the Commander with the intention of freeing him. As he did, he felt something cold press against the back of his skull.
“No one make another move or he’s dead.”
Zac looked up and his eyes widened in terror. The slender woman dressed in the Navy uniform was holding a gun to John’s head.


When it comes to the pinch, human beings are heroic.
-George Orwell

“You! Over here... Give me your tool-belt!” yelled the woman at ear-bleeding volume.
Zac approached John and the woman cautiously. A blur of memories from the previous evening when Dutchy had been teaching him to rescue Katja and Maya flooded through his mind. 
“Distract her for me dad,” he muttered softly in Yupik as he unclipped his tool-belt.
“Watch out for that young bloke! He think’s you’re sexy!” said Kiviuq loudly in English.
The woman momentarily looked over in Kiviuq’s direction. Zac flung his tool-belt forcefully at her wrist, spoiling her grip on the handgun. Simultaneously he tackled John from the side. The gun went off, leaving everyone’s ears ringing. John landed on the floor under Zac’s trembling body. The weapon slid across the floor and landed near Ryan. Ryan picked it up and aimed it at the woman, while Kiviuq and Dave rushed in and tackled her. 
Zac lay sprawled over John, trying to control his breathing. Footsteps echoed in the corridor outside then stopped. Zac’s heart-rate red-lined as the door started to open.
“Fearlessness is like a muscle,” whispered John soothingly. “Here’s another opportunity to exercise it.”
John went to get up. Zac forcefully pinned him down with all his strength.
“Tess didn’t keep her head down. Please keep your head down!” he pleaded, shutting his eyes in a vain attempt to prevent himself crying.
John glanced over in the direction of the new arrival then wordlessly pressed Zac’s face down into his.
“Let’s both keep our heads down a little longer, eh?” he replied caringly, as he brushed away the tears that were silently spilling down Zac’s cheeks.
Ω
“Gidday all!” greeted a familiar voice cheerily.
“Gidday mate,” replied Dave. “You’re just in time for morning tea.”
Gordon glanced at his watch.
“Wasn’t morning tea supposed to be about two hours ago?”
“We got sidetracked... engaged in idle chit-chat and what-not... Just give us a moment to tie up a loose end here and we’ll be right with you.”
The woman swore at Dave and attempted to bite him. Kiviuq tightened his grip on her and held her in a headlock.
“Your loose end doesn’t seem very happy about being tied up,” observed Gordon. 
Dave chuckled.
“Actually on the topic of being tied up, the Commander needs untying. Would you oblige?”
Gordon casually put down his briefcase and picked up the pliers.
“Thanks!” nodded the Commander, rubbing his wrists. “I’ll just tie up a few loose ends myself and then we’ll have our belated morning tea.”
He unclipped a hatch and grabbed a microphone.
“This is Commander McPherson. All available MPs report to Level 3 room 5 for a Code 1. Repeat Level 3, Room 5. Code 1. This is not a drill... Petty Officer Stevens... You’re needed at Level 3, Room 5 with your team and equipment... Thankyou.”
Gordon ran his eyes around the room.
“Hmmm... It looks more like you’ve all been to a Greek wedding, not engaging in idle chit chat.”
“That was your young lion’s doing,” grunted Dave, as he wrapped builder’s twine around the woman’s legs.
“How did he manage to make all this mess when he was supposed to be out of harm’s way on the top deck?”
“He dropped in on our meeting and decided it was boring. Unfortunately we were all tied up at the time, so we couldn’t stop him livening things up.” 
“He was sick! He used the lyrics from songs to coordinate our attack!” added Ryan.
“Sounds rad!” replied Gordon, with twinkling eyes.
Ryan laughed with tired relief. The woman started cursing. Kiviuq positioned a length of duct tape over her mouth and pressed it into place.
“Ah... Silence is golden... I don’t see what you’re belligerent about anyway lady. I warned you to watch out for him.”
“You should have warned me to watch out for him!” complained John light-heartedly, as several MPs took the threesome away. 
Gordon closed the door before replying then looked over in John’s direction.
“Gidday Father Bear. I didn’t realize you were here too.”
“Just laying down on the job.”
“You alright?” 
“Yep. Just getting better acquainted with my rescuer.”
“Your rescuer?” echoed Gordon.
“Ah ha. I was in the middle of this near death experience just before you walked in. That lovely Lieutenant who just left had a loaded P228 aimed at my skull and she was about to send me to meet my Maker when this drop-bear caught us both by surprise. He disarmed her and simultaneously tackled me to the ground so the bullet missed me. Then he sprawled himself on top of me. Protecting me if you please... It was a rather humbling experience actually.”
Gordon doubled over with laughter.
“Déjà vu!” he grinned, as he walked towards Zac and John.
“Our drop-bear didn’t get wounded again did he?” asked Kiviuq with concern.
“Nah, he’s right as rain Mama Bear. When he first landed on top of me he was shaking like a leaf though. So I gave him a caring commando cuddle until he felt better... We had a lovely shared moment actually... Breathing in each other’s ears... our hearts beating as one... Chest on chest... groin on groin...”
Laughter all round. Zac tried to break away from John.
“Oh dear. I think our drop-bear has got all self conscious about our top-to-toe encounter... He’s trying to wriggle free.”
“Mischievous cub!” chuckled Dave.
“I must say Mama Bear... your Drop Bear’s rather strong!” said John. “Oh no! Baby Bear is coming to his rescue to help him escape my clutches!”
Ryan joined the rumble to give Zac the chance to break free. John twisted free of Ryan’s tackle, then rolled on top of him and pinned him to the floor.
“Sick move!” laughed Ryan.
“Want to learn how it’s done?”
“Maybe later. But right now we’re supposed to be on our best military behaviour. That means no sus-looking ISRA stuff in front of the Navy.”
All round laughter. Everyone started chatting among themselves. Ryan continued to lie relaxed under John’s physical contact. John could no longer curb his curiosity.
“Did Mike rip Section 16 out of your rulebook the other day when he man-handled you pup?”
“Nah. I gave him my whole rulebook to keep, ‘til he’s taught me how to listen to my sixth sense.”
“Hmmm... You were rather attached to that rulebook...”
“Yeah, but I’ve been reading this old S.S manual. I’ve decided it’s a better field guide anyway...”
Without warning Ryan broke free of John’s grip and rolled on top of him. Ryan pushed himself up into sitting position on top of John and grinned victoriously.
“Cool! It worked! Straight out of the S.S manual!”
“Sneak!” laughed John, making no attempt to break free.
Ω
Gordon sank down comfortably next to Zac on the floor. Zac self-consciously wiped away the hint of moisture in his eyes.
“Well I must say these replica rescues of yours make the paperwork easy for me anyway Zachariah. I’ll just copy an old report and change the names and dates.”
Zac looked startled.
“But you can’t Gordon! You’ve got to make it look like I was hardly involved. Like you did about Haiti.”
The room went quiet.
“What happened at Haiti?” asked John casually.
Silence.
Gordon broke it.
“He rescued one of Dutchy’s code-scribers and his baby daughter from the rubble of their home after the earthquake.”
Zac swallowed hard in sudden realisation.
“Then the pair of them rescued 53 trapped school children,” continued Gordon. “Except Zac insisted that he remain an unsung hero. He wouldn’t even let me tell Kiviuq about the incident. Although I let slip. Accidentally of course.”
“You said you weren’t gonna tell anyone!” reprimanded Zac.
“53 children? You deserve a medal!” breathed Ryan.
Zac fired Ryan an alarmed look.
“No! You’ve got to promise you’ll keep it a secret... And you mustn’t tell anyone I helped you today either, John.”
“Why not?” asked John with genuine interest.
“’Coz if the ISRA big wigs find out I was involved in what happened today, they might restrict me to some airbase. And that would make my job a lot harder.”
“Why?”
“Not many U.S airbases are built on fault-lines. And blokes like Luan usually don’t do their experiments near U.S airbases either... I need to have freedom of movement to properly train the scientists on my teams, so we’re ready at a moment’s notice to help out. Even if I get caught up in a scrum now and then... Or freeze on a rope bridge... Or do other stuff a Cat 1 P & P’s not supposed to do.”
John ran thoughtful fingertips across his lips.
“Hmmm... Sometimes those ISRA big wigs don’t quite think things through, do they?” he said.
Silence.
Gordon redirected his attention to Zac.
“Okay, so what yarn do you want me to spin to my boss in my report this time Zac?” he asked with a hint of amusement in his voice.
Zac thought furiously.
“Say... an ISRA agent distracted the enemy agent... and then while she was distracted, a civilian accidentally disarmed her... then accidentally knocked John over...”
“...then accidentally protected him,” added Dave, with dancing eyes.
“Top to toe!” supplemented Kiviuq.
John held back his grin.
Gordon rubbed his chin slowly as if considering the suggestion.
“Hmmm... Not bad. Unfortunately I don’t think my boss will believe that you’re so accident prone Zac.”
“Why not?”
“Because this time he’s experienced first hand how hard it is to keep you out of mischief! In fact the experience literally knocked him off his feet.”
“John’s your boss?” frowned Zac.
“Well, in a roundabout way Lieutenant General John Cunningham is your boss as well Zac.”
John grinned warmly at the expression on Zac’s face.
“You mean you really are a four star General?!” groaned Ryan, hurriedly clambering off John’s lap.
Ryan’s mortified expression mirrored Zac’s.
“Macca Mouth!” growled John light-heartedly. “Now they’re both terrified of me.” 
Ryan inched closer to Zac.
“Didn’t you know his rank?” asked Zac solemnly.
Ryan shook his head violently. Zac draped a supportive arm around Ryan’s shoulder to calm him.
“And I didn’t know he was my boss... Hmmm... It seems these ISRA old timers are all secretive chaps until they think you can handle the truth.”
“Even Kiviuq?” asked Ryan.
“Especially Kiviuq,” replied Zac softly.
Ω
“Well, we all seem to have our challenges,” ventured John, as they munched through morning tea. “Apparently it’s a three man job preventing your Cat 1 sleeper from being an accidental hero. And I’ve got to keep tabs on the sneakiest Captain in the U.S Airforce...”
“Your pup doesn’t look much of a handful Hannibal,” countered Dave, licking his fingers. 
“Looks are deceiving Care Bear.”
“That right? What’s he done?”
“Well... Among other things, he fooled the Academy into thinking he was in his mid twenties so he could train as an officer.”
Dave’s eyes danced.
“So how old are you anyway lad?” 
“Eighteenish.”
“That answer’s as dodgy as Zac’s!” chuckled Kiviuq.
“Okay. I’ll be eighteen in a few months.”
“Ryan...” said John in a low-throttled growl. 
“Alright... in eleven months.”
Resounding laughter.
“’Tis a conundrum...” murmured John. “We can’t get one to join up... and the other joined up years before he was legally allowed to...”
“Maybe we should arrange for the scientist and the sneak to hang out together now and then,” suggested Gordon softly. “They might rub off on each other.”
“Well I must say I’m surprised you’re a civilian,” said the Commander, eyeing Zac curiously. “The way you walked in and coordinated the counter-attack with hardly a word of English.”
“Well I only met Ryan two days ago but I knew he had this Just Jack song in his music collection,” explained Zac.
“And how many times has crockery and cutlery and cups of tea been thrown at me?!” rapped Ryan and Zac in unison.
The Commander raised his eyebrows.
“And he only met me two days ago as well, but he also knew Ryan and I both liked Space Jam...” added John 
“I’ll hit ‘em high! You hit ‘em low!” sang John and Ryan tunelessly.
“Well knock me over with a feather!” laughed the Commander.
“And he communicated with his Dad in code-talking lingo as well, right?” added Ryan, glancing at Kiviuq.
“Ah ha!” replied Kiviuq, draping an affectionate arm around Zac.
Ryan hollered jubilantly.
“Yes! He’s your Dad. My sixth sense was right! I can’t wait to tell Mike!”
“I guess uncanny instinct isn’t just a Canney trait,” replied Zac, winking at his father.
Ω
Commander Stuart McPherson pushed aside his empty plate.
“Well that was a satisfying morning tea after such an unusual morning. I guess we’d best get back to the task of trying to locate these E/M weapons.”
“My team’s already located them,” replied Zac casually.
All eyes turned in Zac’s direction.
“Where?” asked the Commander quickly.
“On the deck. On top of number 32 gun turret. It might pay to leave them there for the time being though.”
“Why?”
“As bait... to ferret out any other moles that might be aboard.”
“Interesting strategy. Rather risky though,” ventured John.
“Not really... I got a little bored waiting around earlier for Dad and Dave to return, so I swapped a few wires over for something to do.”
“Which wires Zachariah?” asked Gordon with raised eyebrows.
“Just the ones that lead into the DC generator.”
Everyone except Ryan burst out laughing.
“I don’t understand...What’s gonna happen?” asked Ryan, glancing at Zac.
“Ever teased a scorpion until it stings itself?”
“Sick!” grinned Ryan.
Zac’s phone rang. He answered it and listened. A smiled twitched at the corners of his mouth. The smile grew broader as he continued to listen. Zac hung up with dancing eyes.
“What was all that about?” asked Gordon.
“Jake and Reece are a powerful combination. They’ve come up with a brilliant idea. If we can pull it off, Luan might give up on the idea of sat based E/M weapons altogether.”
“We’re all ears...” said Dave.
“They’re proposing we take out Weathermaker 2 tonight with one of the Navy’s weapons. Then leak the story that the Korean’s E/M weapons did it. To get ‘em back for trying to take out the Jefferson.”
Gordon rubbed his creased forehead.
“Zac - you blew up Weathermaker 1 a fortnight ago and got away with it. But you can’t just keep knocking the bad guys’ satellites out of the sky!”
“Why not?”
“Because... you’ll make them cranky!”
John shook his head slowly in genuine disbelief.
“But Gordon,” argued Zac. “Don’t you see? The North Koreans are trying to replicate their experiment, because they suspect someone sabotaged it the first time. If we replicate the catastrophic outcome twice, their whole experimental programme might get canned and they might give up on the idea of sat based E/M weapons altogether. Repeated failure is expensive. Not to mention embarrassing.”
“Luan will just tell his superiors that it was sabotage. Again.”
“But they mightn’t believe him if there’s reason to question his sanity... Frank, Maya and Hope can help us leak all this stuff that’ll make his superiors wish they weren’t in the same Defence Force as him...You know... create an international scene about Luan attempting to take over the Jefferson... plotting to harm a U.S. Navy Commander and a U.S Airforce General which breaches multiple treaties... shooting at an Alaskan student on vacation in Australia... endangering refugees who’ve come to Western Australia to start a new life...”
“That’s so crazy it might work,” agreed John.
“With any luck, they’ll restrict his movements to some North Korean airbase,” returned Zac.
All round laughter.
“Just where do you intend to pull off this mischief anyway?” asked Gordon.
“Jake suggested we take out Weathermaker 2 over the Indian Ocean, well before it gets to Perth. The Navy can warn any ships to get out of the area. All we’ve got to do is a bit of number crunching to work out a suitable trajectory.”
“You mean a lot of number crunching...”
Gordon looked at his watch dubiously.
“Seven hours ‘til it passes overhead... We’re gonna be cutting it fine.”
“Nah. We’ve got two secret weapons of our own,” replied Zac.
“What secret weapons?”
“Jake and Reece!”

God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today.
Have you used one to say thank-you?
-Unknown

“Mike! Mike! Wake up!” yelled Paul demandingly.
“It’s the middle of the night. What’s up mate?” yawned Mike.
“Charlie says to come to the ops room straight away.”
“Okay,” replied Mike, throwing on a dressing gown.
Paul tugged Mike over to the computer where Charlie was in video conference with a familiar face. Charlie wriggled over to make room on the seat he was on. Mike picked up the unspoken hint and joined him.
“Mentor Mike. It’s good to see you again.”
“You too Sir,” replied Mike, smoothing his bed-tousled hair.
“I heard a rumour that the ISRA’s pinched you from us...” groused the General, with feigned indignation.
“And you’re not getting him back either Mad Son!” retorted Charlie.
A deep chuckle from Mike.
“So the rumour’s true?”
“Yeah... Three of us were hand-picked at the same time for Special Ops.”
Paul noticeably stiffened beside Mike. Mike smiled faintly.
“Hmmm... My loss... The A-Team’s gain...” replied Robbie. “Actually the reason I’m calling is to thank you in person for the intelligence tip-off you sent our way recently. We’ve known the insurgents’ modes operandi for months but never been able to pin down who was booby trapping the corpses. I’m glad to say we located your old Paki with the pointed beard and the purple headgear... And we haven’t had one casualty since he’s been detained. On that note, there are a couple of young blokes who’ve asked to speak to you...”
Two unfamiliar faces joined the General’s.
“Hi Major... Sorry... We know it’s the middle of the night where you are but we just had to tell you! My name’s Toby. And I’m alive because of the tipoff you gave my mate Daniel. Daniel got your video, and was watching it on his iPod before breakfast yesterday, and an hour later when we went out on morning patrol, he spotted the Paki you described near a body... and he played the message to us all just as we were about to collect the body... And we all just knew at that moment, that Someone was watching over us...”
Toby swallowed a lump in his throat and drew a deep breath.
“You keep telling him Dan...”
“Um... we squatted behind our troopie and lassoed the body like you suggested Major... And as soon as we started tugging at it, it blew up... No one from our unit was injured... But we would have been half dead... or worse... if we hadn’t got your tip off... I haven’t been able to stop thinking about it... If Beck had given birth just a few hours later... or if you’d emailed me that video just a few hours later, I might not have got the warning in time... and Toby and I might’ve died...”
Daniel’s voice wavered.
“The video you and your friend made of Becky giving birth to Micky is incredible... I’ve watched it several times already. But every time I get to the part where you tell me to watch out for the Paki I get goosebumps. We’re both alive and uninjured... because you followed your hunch... And General Madison says who knows how many other blokes lives will be saved because of you, now that Purple Paki’s incarcerated.”
Mike smiled with watery eyes - too choked with emotion to speak.
“Thanks for letting us know,” said Charlie cheerily. “When you’re back here Daniel, look us up. Rebecca knows how to contact us...”
Charlie ended the call and spun around in a circle.
“Well ain’t that a miracle on top of a miracle?” he beamed.
Mike nodded and self-consciously wiped his eyes with his forearm.
“Tissue, you old softie?” offered Charlie.
“Shud-up.”
“Don’t want to talk about it? Let’s praise God instead then!” chortled Charlie, grabbing Mike’s shoulders.
“You have turned Mike’s mourning into dancing...” sang Charlie, slowly moving around in a circle with Mike. 
“You sure have God,” whispered Mike emotionally.
Silence.
Mike drew a noisy breath.
“Everyone okay down-under?” he asked, in order to divert the attention off himself.
“Yep. They had a close call though. Apparently young Zac saved Hannibal’s life, then tried to get him to promise not to tell the rest of the A-team!” chuckled Charlie.
“Why?” asked Mike.
“Dunno. Maybe Kiviuq’s told him some scary bed-time stories about us... Actually... if you ever meet that crazy Eskimo and he tells you he woke up on the beach one time and I was kissing him, it ain’t true. I was giving him mouth to mouth after we both nearly drowned!”
A smile twitched at the corners of Mike’s mouth. Paul raised his eyebrows.
“And if he ever tells you that I’m a covert cross-dresser, it was his idea to wear hijabs so we could get into the Parliament building at Tehran undetected. Not mine!”
Stifled chuckling from Mike. Paul’s eyes widened.
“And if he ever tells you I made advances to Mad Max in an igloo one night, that ain’t true either. Mad Max had hypothermia and I was just giving him a commando cuddle to warm him up! Like this...”
Charlie embraced Mike closely. Paul looked aghast.
Mike cracked up and rested his chin on Charlie’s shoulder. Charlie started moving around in a slow circle. Paul watched them both open-mouthed for a long moment, then tried to separate them.
“Mike. Snap out of the Charlie-induced coma! I have to talk to you.”
“You’re cutting in on our cuddle. Wanna dance too deskie?” tormented Charlie.
“No way!”
Charlie’s eyes twinkled. Paul waved his hands flamboyantly in front of Mike’s face.
“Earth calling Mike! What did that old boss of yours mean when he said you’ve joined the ISRA?” demanded Paul. 
Mike laughed and draped his arm over Paul’s shoulder.
“You really wanna know?”
“Yes. And I want to know why you told your old boss that they’ve handpicked three of us for Special Ops!”
“Anything else you wanna know?”
“Yes. Who’s the A-Team?”
“He’ll only tell you if you dance with me too!” teased Charlie, draping a huge arm around Paul as well.
Paul sighed and reluctantly started dancing with them both.
“Mike... You’ve found out something about them. I can tell. Tell me what you know!”
“It’s easier to show you than tell you,” replied Mike, dancing Paul over to John’s computer.
Mike casually switched it on.
“Mike! What are you doing? You can’t just hop on a General’s computer without permission!” blurted out Paul.
“John doesn’t mind us using this one. The one we can’t use yet is under our feet.”
“There’s an underground complex here as well?”
“Ah ha. When Ryan gets back with John, we’ll hit ‘em for a guided tour. Let’s see if I remember how to do this...” he said, plonking himself down on John’s chair. “You start by clicking on this wings thingie and then you type #777#.”
Paul’s eyes widened.
“Huh? Mike... You’ve got into the Airforce mainframe... With five keystrokes instead of dozens of access codes... That’s... incredible!” he said with surprise. “Actually, shove over... let me check out how you did that...”
Paul sank down absent-mindedly next to Mike and repeated the keystrokes.
“I love it!” he hollered exuberantly.
Mike winked at Charlie. Charlie disguised his grin.
“I thought you would deskie. Wanna see another interesting thing I learnt to do on this computer? First of all you type in #Farliga Pass#... Done already?  Boy you’re fast at typing... Okay... now click on that insignia thingie there...”
Ω
Kiviuq found Zac sitting on the beach and sank down silently next to him. Zac closed up the distance until their arms brushed. Together they watched the sun turn the Indian Ocean into an expanse of iridescent gold then disappear beneath the horizon.
“The Commander rang through a moment ago. The remnants of WMK2 are fish food.”
“I thought that was what all the cheering was about,” replied Zac.
“He’s also made a preliminary press release stating two unauthorized weapons were remotely triggered from the deck of his ship and because Korean Army issue gum was found nearby, he believes there’s a link between this event and the arrest of General Luan earlier this morning. Tunfaruq has also got together with her friends Maya and Frank and they’ve all written some hard-hitting articles calling for international sanctions against North Korea because of Luan’s actions.”
“Good. I hope he gets demoted as payback for trying to shoot Hope.”
Kiviuq paused.
“You have to learn to let go of things in this job son...”
Zac eyed his father.
“Including Tess?”
“Especially Tess.”
Kiviuq draped a demonstrative arm around Zac’s back. Zac drank in the moment.
“Things have changed between us...” ventured Kiviuq. “You feel like a mate now... As well as my son. Although I haven’t quite worked out why.”
“Maybe it’s because I’ve started hanging out with your close mates.”
Kiviuq chuckled and casually tossed his canvas backpack down on the sand.
“Let’s go skinny dipping mate!”
Zac shot his father a look of disbelief as Kiviuq started stripping off.
“Dad! This isn’t Yellowstone Park!” he hissed, looking around in mortification.
Kiviuq grinned mischievously.
“The sun’s set, and there’s no one around except us. Come on!”
Zac looked around again then self consciously stripped off his clothes. 
Fearlessness is like a muscle... Routinely exercise it, until it becomes second nature...
Kiviuq laughed deeply then dived into the ocean. Zac hurriedly followed his father into the water.
Ω
“Are you sure we should be doing this?” asked Maya, as she wriggled alongside Helen towards the pile of clothing.
“No. But Kiviuq is irresistible when he smiles at me.”
“So is Zac,” sighed Maya. “I’d follow him to the end of the earth.”
Helen laughed warmly. Maya drew a deep breath.
“I’m not very good at this commando stuff yet. Last time I did this drill with Zac I blew it and he gave me twenty push ups for not being covert enough.”
“I promise I won’t give you twenty pushups if you mess up... If it’s any help though, I find if you keep your head low, your body will follow...”
Ω
Kiviuq sank down in the warm sand and looked up at the stars. Zac looked around fighting off a panic attack.
“Dad... I can’t find our clothes!”
“They’ll be somewhere,” said Kiviuq nonchalantly. “Come and enjoy the moment together.”
Zac sat curled up in a ball next to his father, burning with embarrassment. Kiviuq lay back with his hands folded under his head, making no attempt to cover his genital area.
“Check out that full moon... Talk about a perfect night for massaging, eh?” smiled Kiviuq.
“Massaging who?” retorted Zac, unable to disguise the alarm in his voice.
Ω
Maya exhaled softly as she caught sight of Zac’s glistening body bathed in the moonlight.
“He’s physique’s so... perfect,” she whispered languidly.
“The spitting image of Kiviuq’s when we met,” replied Helen.
Maya clapped her hand over her mouth.
“I’m sorry. I can’t believe I said that aloud in front of you!”
“You’re allowed to say what you feel around me!” laughed Helen.
Maya cleared her throat softly.
“I haven’t been a Christian very long. Zac’s explained to me about abstaining. And about the Philippians code of conduct. But he hasn’t said anything about what you do with feelings... Like the feelings you experience when you glimpse someone’s naked body and your heart rate doubles and you can’t stop drinking in the moment...I think if I asked Zac he would suggest I find a chaperon. Pronto!”
An amused grin from Helen
“How about you stick with me and I chaperon you?”
“Are you sure that will work?”
“Why? Am I too mischievous to be your chaperon?”
“Pass!”
Helen laughed warmly. Maya caught her eye.
“I know it’s okay for you to peek at Zac... I mean. You gave birth to him... But I shouldn’t peek. Because abstainers don’t peek, do they?”
“If you were wild and impulsive like Hope, I’d reign you in and say ‘stop peeking’. But you and Zac are both level headed and the buzz between you is unmistakeably an echo of Eden...”
“So it’s okay to peek?”
“It’s okay to build memories when you’re with people who are mentoring you. Come on... Kiviuq’s signalling us to come over.”
Ω

Zac’s heart rate shot up as he became aware of two slender silhouettes approaching them.
“Dad... Someone’s coming!” hissed Zac.
“Hmmm. Your beautiful mother. And the equally beautiful Maya.”
Zac rolled on top of his father in an attempt to hide them both. Kiviuq laughed infectiously.
“Feel like a nicky cuddle Baby Bear? We used to do this together all the time when you were little...”
“Dad! Where are our clothes?” hissed Zac.
Kiviuq reached for the canvas back pack.
“I’m not sure. Let’s put these on instead. They’re ISRA issue for top-to-toe... John brought some extras over with him.”
Zac glanced at the G-string bathers Kiviuq held out and clambered into them in seconds. Kiviuq casually put on his G-strings. 
“These feel terrible dad!” complained Zac.
“It’s better than being naked around the girls isn’t it, mate?”
Zac rolled his eyes and huddled himself protectively. Helen doubled over with laughter.
“I think your father won that round Zac!”
Maya draped a comforting arm around Zac’s bare back. Zac moistened his lips.
“Well Zac and I intend to win round two! Hey Zac - 10cm2 of material offers a degree of modesty doesn’t it?” 
A smile twitched at the corners of Zac’s mouth.
“Maya, I’m sorry. Meeting my family hasn’t exactly been easy for you.”
“It hasn’t been easy, but it’s been inspirational. Most parents don’t care enough about their kids to mentor them in the area of relationships. Your parents are refreshingly different. And we’ve survived.”
“We’ve survived so far, but I have a feeling they haven’t finished with us yet.”
“As long as you’re with me, I’m up to any challenge they throw at us.”
“Did you hear that honey?” grinned Kiviuq. “Our new mates want to have some fun with us!”

Poets say science takes away from the beauty of the stars -
mere globs of gas atoms. I too can see the stars on a desert night
and feel them. But do I see less? Or more?
-Richard Feynman

Helen sat down near Kiviuq, then started peeling off her clothing.
“Mum! What are you wearing?” gasped Zac.
“This is your mother’s favourite bikini son,” grinned Kiviuq. “Actually it’s mine too!” he added, wriggling his eyebrows expressively.
An embarrassed sigh from Zac. Maya giggled softly.
Helen ran her hands across Kiviuq’s abdomen and brushed his groin region. Maya and Zac inched closer to each other in mutual support.
“Are you two waiting for some tips on how to tantalize each other’s erogenous zones?” grinned Kiviuq, wrapping his legs provocatively around Helen.
“Dad!”
Maya laughed shyly.
“I think I’d prefer to just snuggle up to Zac... And learn stuff off him.”
“Learn what off me?”
Maya rested her head on Zac’s shoulder.
“Teach me about the stars...”
“Star gazing in G-strings. It’s starting to sound naughty!” quipped Kiviuq.
Zac cleared his throat softly.
“Don’t let him get to you Zac,” countered Maya. “I don’t mind what you’re wearing. I’m interested in learning about what you’re interested in. Come on - let’s move a little further away from them.”
Maya dragged Zac away a short distance then resettled herself. Zac glanced at his parents hugging each other then cautiously wrapped his arm around Maya.
“Well... The visible stars in the sky are all close to us. We can only see about one percent of the Milky Way.”
“So how big is the Milky Way?”
“Massive. Its diameter is 100,000 light years. To put that in perspective, if the solar system was the size of a coffee cup, the Milky Way would be the size of North America.”
“That makes me feel pretty small...”
Zac drew Maya closer.
“Me too... Then out beyond the Milky Way, there are other galaxies of stars... and they seem to extend forever... Astronomers have named a handful of them... there’s Andromeda... Whirlpool...there’s even a galaxy called Snickers!”
“Like the chocolate bar?”
“Ah ha.”
“Are you making that up?”
“No. Really... Ask Jake... And every star you see is a vast reservoir of light and heat energy... Many of them much more impressive than our sun.”
“Like Betelgeuse.”
“Ah ha.”
Reflective silence.
“I care so much about you Zac,” whispered Maya.
“I care deeply for you too Maya.”
Maya ran her hands tenderly across Zac’s abdomen. Zac let out a groan of pleasure.
“Ken’kam’ken,” he whispered.
Zac drew a steadying breath.
“Maya... Your touch feels very nice... A bit too nice...” he panted, gently grasping her soft hands in his and removing them.
Maya glanced at Zac and laughed deliciously.
“This is the first time you’ve let your guard down and let me pet you... I didn’t realize you were so... responsive.”
Zac risked smiling.
“I think that’s why Dad’s just put us both through this...” he said softly. “I can’t hide behind the excuse that I didn’t know you were making me aroused because it’s blatantly obvious in this attire...”
“And I can’t make the excuse that I didn’t know I was arousing you either for the same reason... Or that arousing you is arousing me...”
Maya positioned Zac’s hand on her lower abdomen then let out a laboured breath. Zac moistened his lips.
“Maya... I intensely want to keep doing this... And I know you’d like to keep doing it too, but I’m choosing to stop because you’re a person of incredible value and true love waits.”
Zac repositioned himself and cupped his hand around Maya’s face. Maya sighed and pushed herself up into sitting position.
“Thankyou for taking the lead and putting on the brakes when I didn’t want to Zac.”
Silence.
“What are you thinking about?” whispered Zac.
“Just you... and the relationship you have with your parents. I’d never let my parents mentor me in this area. I’d be way too embarrassed.”
“I’d forgotten they were there to tell you the truth,” replied Zac, glancing over in Helen and Kiviuq’s direction.
Zac raised his eyebrows at the sight of Helen and Kiviuq unashamedly petting each other.
“Actually... I’m not sure we can still count on my parents chaperoning us. They look kinda... side-tracked.”
“I think they’re doing that covert surveillance thing on us... and just pretending they’re lost in passion,” whispered Maya.
“Let’s toss out some bait and see if you’re right,” replied Zac with shining eyes. “Give me your bra.”
“Giving you my bra is becoming a regular occurrence, Professor Canney.”
Zac grinned and tossed the garment in the direction of his parents. Kiviuq and Helen immediately stopped petting and looked at Zac. Zac and Maya burst out laughing and hi-fived each other.
“I think they won that round Kiviuq!” laughed Helen.
Kiviuq’s eyes danced with delight. He tugged Helen to her feet and they meandered over to Zac and Maya.
“You were right son... I should have been myself around you years ago. Instead of worrying about my personality overshadowing yours... Wanna come for a walk?”
“Where?”
“Well, since Maya’s no longer wearing her over-shoulder-boulder-holder, I thought we might stroll down Erotica Lane and build some memories together...”
“Top to toe?” asked Zac.
“That suggestion’s daring coming from you, mate!” laughed Kiviuq.
“What is this top to toe thing anyway?” asked Maya.
“Face to face... Heart to heart... Or something like that,” shrugged Zac. “John was doing it to me today when I was lying on top of him. It’s something the ISRA do with best mates... And with new mates that rescue you I guess.”
Kiviuq and Helen laughed. Kiviuq took some fragrant oil out of the canvas bag.
“Your mother becomes putty in my hand when I caress her top to toe like this...”
Helen sighed contentedly as Kiviuq ran his hands down the sides of her breasts and down to her thighs. Zac gently copied his father’s actions on Maya.
“I’m looking forward to making you Mrs Canney,” he whispered, cupping Maya’s face in his hands.
“Soon?” ventured Maya.
“The sooner the better... Have you thought about where you’d like to get married?”
“Exmouth,” replied Maya.
“Er... okay. Have you thought about where you want to live after we’re married?”
“Exmouth!”
“Huh?”
“Well there’s a fantastic beach and great diving when we want to relax... and strange lights, unusual aviation incidents and other indicators of E/M weapons testing to investigate when we’re bored... and a U.S military landing strip so Gordon and John can drop in... and not many shops so I’ll learn to save... and Dave’s got an inkling that the Weathermakers are about to conduct a new round of weather modification experiments in the Exmouth area, so you’ll probably end up there anyway...”
Zac laughed.
“...And Hope’s already found the perfect home for us all.”
“Us all?”
“Yes... It’s a derelict station a bit of a drive out of Exmouth... It’s got an old twelve room homestead and a stockman’s quarters and some big sheds. And a landing strip for light aircraft. Dutchy says it’s ideal to convert into a B & B, so we appear to be running a business that caters for tourists. And Hope and Pedro are going to establish a secondary cover business - converting sea containers into accommodation for northwest residents. And there’s plenty of room for all Dutchy’s codetalkers to stay when they need to... and the weather’s warm so your Dad’s arthritis won’t play up...”
“What arthritis?” frowned Zac, glancing at Kiviuq.
“I’ll tell you later,” replied Kiviuq.
“Well if he doesn’t, I’ll tell you!” giggled Maya.
Zac raised his eyebrows questioningly.
“She’s pushed you out of your comfort zone already, hasn’t she Dad?”
“How do you know?”
“That giggle of hers, mate!”
Kiviuq laughed.
“I should have listened to your mother...”
“When?” smiled Helen.
“Years ago... Remember you said the kids could handle knowing we were ISRA and they were sleepers, but I kept the charade up ‘coz I was worried they’d feel like we’d mapped their lives out...You were right all along honey...”
“Well it’s not too late to be transparent with your grandkids,” replied Zac. “Dutchy’s even given you a head start... Petrina knows she’s a code-talker, and that her parents and grandparents are code-scribers.”
“This idea of making Exmouth the new base for the Istro-Romanian code-talkers... Has anyone run the idea by John?” asked Helen.
“Dutchy’s going to. After he talks to you and Kiviuq,” replied Maya.
“Us?”
“I think he’s hoping that you’ll both want to live at the station too and make it the new base for the Yupik Sivuqaq code-talkers as well...” 
“Retire here?” mused Kiviuq.
“Nah. Retyre here. Dave and Jen style!” replied Zac, winking at his father.


Ω


Other ebooks in this series.

The Rebelutionaries series is a Christian fiction series for teens and Y/A’s brimming with miscellany. Characters in this coming of age adventure series have conversations with each other about common teen interest areas e.g. origins-of-life, creation vs evolution, sex, relationship issues, leadership,  military service , self esteem, anorexia, environmental issues,  alternative fuels, seed-saving, conspiracy theories, TEOTWAWKI predictions, survival principles, weather modification, sci-fi and generally anything controversial that engages or inspires young thinkers. 

Other Beau Cornerstone fiction titles are available
Smashwords and Amazon

For teen and Y/A readers - 
Smashwords -  Book 1 The Weathermakers
Amazon - Book 1 


For younger readers - 
Smashwords -  
Amazon - History changers: Expedition 2022 




Book 1: The Weathermakers

During times of universal deceit, telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act 
-George Orwell. 

Tonight’s six o’clock news headlines. Fear of global warming, UFOs, and an apocalypse in 2012 have gripped the world. But what if these crises were all manufactured? And E/M technology was being misused to create an illusion of climate change, alien invasions and provoke fear of the end of the age? What would you do if you were a scientist or a journalist and you wanted to expose the greatest hoax on earth? 

Jake, Zac and Maya are three strangers destined to become close friends. Jake Lewis is an awkward teenage prodigy who’s mega-timid of women and tries to hide the fact that he’s brilliant. He’s going to the remote north-eastern Goldfields to participate in a geophysics workshop. Or so he thinks.

Professor Zac Canney has a passion for mentoring young scientists... answering teenagers’ questions about everything from sex to the origins of life. Zac has entered Western Australia from the U.S with a suitcase full of E/M weapon components. And he’s heading for the same outback region to try and prevent a catastrophe.

Maya Gregory is a vivacious photo journalist with a flair for sniffing out stories.  She’s been sent to Laverton to cover a non-descript earthquake. Instead she’ll find a tangled web of deceit and a handful of people intent on saving the world.  Falling in alongside them will change the course of her life. And theirs... 

Paula Vince writes: “the timely message of the Weathermakers and its unique presentation is unlike anything I’ve come across before... spiritual and metaphysical theories are woven together beautifully and brought into dialogue in natural and fascinating ways... I love the choice of quotes at the beginning of each chapter and all through the story. Excellent tension in the events at the end with a satisfying finish all round... at times I felt the story read like an interesting film script with its frequent and fluid movement from one scene to the next... I enjoyed the multi-layered relationships through the story, particularly Zac’s wise and relaxed dealings with the four young men under his leadership.” 

The Weathermakers is set in contemporary Australia and has references to recent events worldwide and predicted future events. it is the first book in a series which encourages teenagers and young adults to be rebelutionaries - to rebel against society’s low expectations of them, to attempt hard things and be leaders and planet-shapers. 

Two hundred years ago it was the norm for young adults of twelve to be sea captains in command of their own ships and for fourteen year olds to lead armies into battle, run family businesses or the family farm. Today’s zeitgeist limits young people and promotes the idea that doomsday is imminent. The media and Hollywood link catastrophic events to climate change. Events like those in January 2011 - when flocks of dead birds and schools of dead fish were washed up world-wide - are sensationalized.

The series offers an alternative perspective on such events. A trail of hints and facts are left for interested readers to follow up on. For instance Gordon MacDonald really did write an article entitled, “how to wreck the environment”. He described in detail how the military misuse of e/m technology was associated with sightings of fireballs; flocks of dead birds; schools of dead fish; unusual localized weather patterns; earth-tremors; failed electronics and UFO-like lights. The residents of Laverton really did experience an earthquake which was preceded by a lingering fireball during the 1990’s when “anti-desertification” research was being undertaken. And it really did snow there in November, when temperatures of 37 degrees Celsius were the norm.

Wise as serpents; harmless as doves. Hitler once said, “the masses will more easily fall victim to a big lie than a small one.” This series is penned to prevent Rebelutionaries falling victim to any lies - big or small. 


Ω


History Changers: Expedition 2022

The wise man must remember that while he is a descendant of the past, 
he is a parent of the future.    -Herbert Spencer

Kojak is not your average computer. He was designed by David - a brilliant scientist. And 13 year old Andy considers Kojak to be his best mate.  One afternoon in the year 2057, Andy types in a command sequence and activates one of David’s inventions which Kojak has secretly been working on... It’s the start of a series of history changing adventures for everyone... 


I can never consent to creep, when I feel the impulse to soar.
-Helen Keller

History Changers is a time travel series with miscellany to beguile reluctant readers. It’s a reflective glimpse into a futuristic world where heirloom seeds and gardeners are a rarity because of a dramatic environmental incident. And it challenges teens to rebel against the low expectations society places on them and pursue a relationship with their Creator.


Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skilful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.  -Harry Truman

Andy and David are poles apart. They are from different eras, they have different physiques & different friends. Yet their lives are become inexplicably intertwined.
December 2022 - An errant team of scientists reverse the earth's magnetic poles generating worldwide natural disasters. Six billion people die. Twenty year old David - a brilliant inventor and his custom built computer Kojak survive what comes to be called The Event.
December 2057 - Thirteen year old Andy lives in Zone 1 (formerly Perth, Western Australia), 35 years after-the-Event (AE). People wear radiation suits due to particle bombardment. Water's restricted.  No one gardens. Most before-the-Event (BE) knowledge has been lost (computers were wiped out & few books remain). Andy wears a family heirloom - a PC pendant named Kojak. A team of scientists (Watchers) strictly control scientific pursuits. Interacting with survivalists is discouraged because they know about banned technologies.
Andy's parents (Leo & Mani) are Watchers. The family travel to Zone 5 (formerly the Kimberley, Western Australia) to investigate survivalists' weather modification activities.Andy's family head off to locate the survivalists. Andy stays near the camp metal detecting. He discovers a hologram disguising an amazing garden and meets a survivalist named David. he learns that David designed the original Kojak prototype.
Next day Andy secretly meets David again, but Leo & Mani discover them. David recognizes Mani as his daughter. While the adults catch up, Andy hangs out in David's workshop. He & Kojak accidentally trigger David's time-travel invention and reappear in Karratha in 2022.
Andy's love for books draws him to the library to research forgotten technologies which might improve AE life in 2057. A student (David) helps him use the internet, & later they head back to David's place. Andy realizes David is his grandfather (back when he was 20). He also realizes the Event will happen in 40 hours.
David is spending Christmas at his research station & decides to take Andy with him. Because he knows the future, Andy convinces David to also take an oil press with him, and seeds - suggesting he may be "desperate for food" in the days ahead.
Upon arrival at the research station, Andy discovers the incomplete time-travel transporter module in David's workshop & realizes it's the same workshop where his adventure began. Next day Kojak tells Andy to hide in the unfinished invention. During the Event, a plasma ball energizes the transporter module. Andy reappears in 2057 with the press - which will revolution everyone AE lives. That evening he starts planning his next history changing trip - to the Svalbard heirloom seed vault (Book 2).
Andy & David are poles apart, but they discover they have a lot in common as they interact. They both desire make the future a better place. Readers with an interest in alternative fuels, seed banks and inventions will resonate with the youthful heroes in this low-key sci-fi book. Like the other books in the Rebelutionaries series, the characters in this series are out to rebel against society's low expectations of teens and young adults. Content for homeschoolers includes low-key sex-education themes.


REFERENCES & FURTHER READING

6000+ articles by scientists and researchers, many addressing the issue of fraud and compromise in the scientific community. 
TIP: Try typing the surnames of some of Frank’s known aliases - like Bates, Sarfati, Walker and Wieland into the search box on this site... 

Check out the petrified waterwheel and petrified flour mentioned in The Codetalkers.  And the stone hats due to volcanic ash.

Stone teddy bears in just a few months. After reading the article check out Utube for a video of the petrifying well and John Wayne’s hat. Good footage of the stone hat, the stone teddy bears and various other petrified objects appear towards the end of the video.

Stone-like fencing wire in West Australia. The roll of No 8 fencing wire is <100 years old.

On the topic of quick forming rock, you might also like to check out the dinky toy car encased in sandstone. Plastic hasn’t been around millions of years.

The Yellowstone Petrified forests are evidence of catastrophe. The article Petrified wood in Yellowstone and other places might also interest you.

Ouch! 10 year old rock from the lava dome at Mt St Helens is dated at 2.8 million years.

If you’re a little worried about global warming, doomsday and the apocalypse, this collection of articles is a good jumping off point to get additional balance

The truth about 2012 Mayan doomsday predictions. and Will the comet Elenin (or any other comet) destroy us? are also recommended resources.

Curious (or worried) about UFO’s? Check out the book Alien Intrusion by Gary Bates, available online at Creation Book Publishers. It is also available on this site as an e-book.

Worth the wait Check out the blog...


RESOURCES FOR REBELUTIONARIES

So what’s a rebelutionary?

Ask some Rebelutionaries! Like homeschooled twins Alex and Brett Harris. They write - 

The official definition of the 'rebelution' is "a teenage rebellion against the low expectations of an ungodly culture." When you look around today, in terms of godly character and practical competence, our culture does not expect much of us young people. We are not only expected to do very little that is wise or good, but we're expected to do the opposite. Our media-saturated youth culture is constantly reinforcing lower and lower standards and expectations.

The word 'rebelution' is a combination of the words "rebellion" and "revolution." So it carries a sense of an uprising against social norms. But in this case, it's not a rebellion against God-established authority, but against the low expectations of our society. It's a refusal to be defined by our ungodly, rebellious culture. Actually, we like to think of it as rebelling against rebellion... returning to biblical and historical levels of character and competence.

In 1 Timothy 4:12, the Apostle Paul tells Timothy, "Let no one despise you for your youth, but set the believers an example in speech, in conduct, in love, in faith, in purity." In other words, as young people we are called to be exemplary in all areas of life. Our generation is falling incredibly short of that calling. Instead of serving as the launching pad of life, the teen years are seen as a vacation from responsibility. We call it the "myth of adolescence." And the Rebelution is all about busting that myth.

The battle cry of The Rebelution is just three words, but it's an explosive concept: Do Hard Things. That's it. And "do hard things" is a mentality. It's a mentality that flies right in the face of our culture's low expectations.  "Do Hard Things" is how we build character and competence. It won't drop to meet the low expectations, it won't just do what comes easily, and it won't become complacent. It applies no matter who you are or what level you're on, because there's always something harder to do, something that will take you outside your comfort zone and cause you to grow.

Want to know more? 

Visit the Rebelution blog 

If you’d like to read Alex and Brett’s book “Do hard things” there is a preview here.

More rebelution resources.  And Meet more rebelutionaries and like minded young people.

True love waits A site promoting abstinence.


ADDITIONAL RESOURCES

Weather modification and E/M weaponry

Caution: Peruse these sites with the Spirit of Wisdom as your chaperon. The author doesn’t endorse all of the content of these sites or the links which lead away from these sites.

Harry Mason’s article Bright Skies.contains information about fireball sightings particularly in Australia. It also contains links to other articles about E/M weapons and weather manipulation.

As an aside, the author lived in Laverton during the 1990’s and witnessed some of the Laverton and Perth events which Harry Mason subsequently wrote about. At the time our family and friends knew nothing about E/M weapons. No one thought there was anything unusual about a group of Japanese researchers carrying out anti-desertification research near JORN either. Looking back there was some evidence of localized weather modification in Laverton – For instance we recall it snowing in November when temperatures of 37ºC (or 100ºF) were the norm for that time of the year and it had never snowed in the region ever. The kids were even let out of school to play in the snow! Our family also witnessed hail falling out of blue skies and an earthquake and fireball interrupted the fellowship we were having together after our prayer meeting! At the time we dismissed unusual happenings as FOO – or freaky outback occurrences.

Unless Peace Comes reprints an article entitled How to wreck the environment by Professor Gordon J.F McDonald. (aka Gordon Macca) – Gordon MacDonald penned this article, more than fifty years ago.  Back then he described how the military (mis)use of E/M technology was associated with sightings of fireballs; flocks of dead birds; schools of dead fish; unusual localized weather patterns; earth-tremors; failed electronics and UFO-like lights...  Sound familiar?

The Professor’s research would imply that at least some of the apocalypse-like events which make the news headlines are man-made or man-generated.

Hitler once said, the masses will more easily fall victims to a big lie than a small one.

Weather Warfare by Keith Harman Snow – expands on the research of others in this field. This article has an extensive reference list if you want to explore this area in greater depth. As with everything on the net, eat the meat and spit out the bones...




Other free and low cost titles by Beau Cornerstone can be found at

 or at 


