
The Truth About Fairies

Jon Jacks


Other New Adult and Children’s books by Jon Jacks

The Caught – The Rules – Chapter One – The Changes – Sleeping Ugly
The Barking Detective Agency – The Healing – The Lost Fairy Tale
A Horse for a Kingdom – Charity – The Most Beautiful Things (Now includes The Last Train)
The Dream Swallowers – Nyx; Granddaughter of the Night – Jonah and the Alligator
Glastonbury Sirens – Dr Jekyll’s Maid – The 500-Year Circus – The Desire: Class of 666
P – The Endless Game – DoriaN A – Wyrd Girl – The Wicker Slippers
Heartache High (Vol I) – Heartache High: The Primer (Vol II) – Heartache High: The Wakening (Vol III)
Miss Terry Charm, Merry Kris Mouse & The Silver Egg  – The Last Angel  – Eve of the Serpent
Seecrets – The Cull – Dragonsapien – The Boy in White Linen – Porcelain Princess – Freaking Freak
Died Blondes – Queen of all the Knowing World

Coming Soon
Lowlife
Elm of False Dreams
God of the 4th Sun

Text copyright© 2015 Jon Jacks
All rights reserved
Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
Thank you for downloading this ebook. It remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. 
Thank you for your support.



Chapter 1

At the very edge of the world there’s not, as you would expect, a fence to stop you falling off. 
There aren’t even any warning signs. Not even ones telling you to beware of the gradual erosion and crumbling of the Earth. And this despite the fact that the land frequently falls away in great chunks, in the same way a great cliff eventually succumbs to the sea’s relentlessly pounding waves. 
Here, naturally, the raging waves of endless time and endless space are far more forceful in their endless striking of this odd object, unexpectedly blocking what they regard as their rightful way.
The people who have chosen to farm and live here regard themselves as being the hardiest of men. Other men similarly regard them as being hardly very bright. 
The farms passed on to each succeeding generation are smaller, less productive. In many cases, they’re also in need of a new farmhouse, the previous one at last tipping over the edge despite all the efforts – extensive underpinning, massive chains, huge weights, hot-air filled balloons – made to save it. Usually, too, these farms come with far less cattle, sheep and goats. Fortunately, the number of horses tends to remain stable because that’s where they tend to remain – in the stable.
Just such a farm, then, is the perfect place for a certain tinker of ill-repute to come plying his wares of amazing, magical cloth, made of moonlight sheen. 


*


Chrostonus Kingleshon had deliberately built his farmhouse as close to the edge as anyone dared. 
He was entranced by the view afforded from his balcony. It was a truly awesome sight of spiralling universes, glittering stars; a moon he could watch rising from below, a sun he could see setting long after anyone else.
From here, he would also often fish. He had to admit, though, that he had never caught anything of any worthwhile size.
Now, when you live on the very edge of the world, storms are particularly feared. Everyone has at least one tale to tell of an entire house whirled up into the air, sent spinning off into space still containing an obliviously sleeping family. Luckily for these World-Enders, they’ve found that an old-wives’ tale always seems to hold them in good stead: ‘Red sky well-before morning, take heed its fair warning.’ 
So when Chrostonus (or ‘Chros’ for short) spotted one night that the sun rising up from far below the Earth was suffused with a red glow, he tied all his horses, all his cattle, and even his sheep and goats (if he could, he would have also enlisted his ducks and hens to help) to the harnesses attached to his house, urging them all to pull it clear of the edge. 
You could be forgiven, of course, for presuming that Chros was crazy. But this is not the case; to think this would serve him a grave injustice.
For Chros had long ago had the foresight to construct a house supported on a large number of large wheels. And so the house moved relatively easily, the animals having to strain within their harnesses far less than they had feared when first informed of the task expected of them.
With the house safely moved, the animals safely stabled or sent back to their grazing fields, Chros clapped his hands together in satisfaction.
‘Well, what an amazingly brilliant idea!’ a tinker who was just passing by exclaimed in admiration. ‘Here’s an intelligent man at last for me to talk to!’
Naturally, Chros was flattered by this praise, but he was no fool.
‘Thank you,’ he replied smugly, yet looking at the tinker’s overloaded horse and cart with distaste. ‘But if flattery is your trade, then I can assure you I have no need of any more.’
We’ve been more than fair in our description of Chros up until now, so it’s only fair to point out here that it was actually the tinker’s more exotic appearance that made Chros distrustful of him.
‘There’s not a racist bone in my body!’ Chros would insist whenever his far more thoughtful wife Timinamma berated him for this attitude. 
‘Then we’d have no problem if you thought only with your bones!’ Timinamma would almost invariably scornfully reply.
 And yet, to be entirely fair to Chros, he thought everyone had an exotic appearance. Which means we can’t entirely form our opinions of the tinker from Chros’s rather biased viewpoint.
‘Of course I’ll be on my way!’ 
The tinker responded to Chros’s rudeness with surprising joviality. 
‘But tell me, please, before I go,’ he continued innocently, ‘when the storm arrives, what’s to stop the wind also making use of your wheels – and blowing your poor house and family right over the edge?’
‘Ah yes, well, you see, I had thought of that,’ Chros lied, stalling for time in the hope he could quickly arrive at an answer to the tinker’s question. 
‘Ah, yes, of course, silly me!’ the tinker said brightly, pointing over to one of many piles of large stones scattered around Chros’s fields. ‘You’re going to wedge one of those large stones beneath each wheel, aren’t you?’
‘Yes, yes – that’s exactly right!’ Chros pronounced with an obvious relief he had sought to hide.
 ‘Dinner’s on the table, Chros!’ Timinamma cried out through the kitchen window. ‘Come and get it now before it goes cold!’
The dilemma Chros faced was written all over his anguished, perplexed face: should he placate his wife and leave the wind to blow them and their home over the edge? Or should he save their house, and come to blows with his wife for wasting his dinner?
It was a hard choice to make.
‘Ah, I see your wife has made your dinner too early, my friend!’ the tinker chuckled amiably. ‘But I have just the thing to take a wife’s mind off a wasted dinner.’
And with that (and here we can only hope you can forgive both tinkers and World-Enders for their unhelpfully antiquated sexist talk and inappropriate attitudes to gender differences!) he produced from his horse’s saddlebags the first sparkling yard of a most wondrous bolt of cloth.
Even someone as coarsely reared as Chros could see at a glance that the cloth rippled silkenly in the tinker’s hands. Its patterns and remarkably bright colours changed for the better with every undulation, every curl of its folds. And that is really not anywhere near as remarkable as you might suppose when you learn of its secret: for it is made entirely of uncountable numbers of scales collected purely from butterfly wings.
Chros’s eyes opened wide in wonder and relief: yes, this tinker could keep his wife occupied while he secured their home.
‘In you go then,’ he said gruffly. ‘But mind you don’t actually end up selling the wife anything!’


*


‘I love it here; it really is like no other place on Earth!’
The tinker was an accomplished spinner of yarns when it came to saying what people wanted to hear. The Kingleshon’s farm was, of course, much like any other farm precariously clinging to the edge of the world. Yet at every World-End farm he had visited, the tinker had discovered that the people living there believed there own view was totally unique. And this is why they also believed that the erection of any safety fence would therefore be tantamount to sacrilege. 
‘Yet I have to wonder,’ the tinker asked seemingly innocently, ‘is it really safe for your children?’
Timinamma miserably hung her head, while tugging ashamedly at the curving folds of her long dress.
‘Oh dear: I am sorry!’ the tinker exclaimed, placing his clasped hands against his mouth as if praying that he could retrieve every last word spoken. ‘Do I detect…do I detect that you remain childless?’
Timinamma nodded sadly, still too distressed to speak.
It wasn’t that she was a naturally unhappy woman: far from it. She was a woman of great, yet unfortunately hidden and subdued depths. 
She was like the vast majority of women; she had simply never had the opportunity to make the most of her considerable talents. Despite this, she always made the best of things, always strove to see the brighter side of everything that befell her, believing that we have to accept our given-lot in life. Some are born to an easy, wealthy life; others to one of poverty and struggle.
Yet no one had been born of her. 
And she seemed to be rapidly reaching an age when even she would have to finally give up all hope of ever having a child.
(Now, at this point, many people might recognise this situation as being a staple of all fairy stories; so, could we just remind you, please – what is it you’re reading?)
Chros had given up any hope of having children long ago. In fact, he frequently attempted to point out to his distraught wife the advantages of not having children.
Was the edge of the world really an ideal place to raise them?
Naturally, every child was warned not to draw too close to the very edge itself. Yet how many children disobeyed those instructions? How many, indeed, thrilled at cocking a snook, or even three or four snooks, at authoritarian restrictions instigated to save their lives? 
The choicest spots were always the most dangerous. They gleefully swam in the pools of dammed streams that, just a few cart lengths’ on, merged into the great rivers remorselessly flowing over the edge, the waters churning, surging, roaring, thundering, before leaping out into space in vast spume-flecked waterfalls. The waters plummeted into the darkness below as immense curtains of rippling quicksilver, the fall eventually vaporising it all into the clouds that would start the process all over again.
The fish, may the good fairies bless them, suddenly finding themselves more weightless than ever, swam for the safety of these rising clouds, lest they were tricked by the elaborately lured hooks and long lines of opportunist fishermen.
‘I have something that might tempt you into raising your hopes, something unbelievable to show you,’ the tinker said to Timinamma, withdrawing something from the saddlebag he had brought into the kitchen with him.
And with that, he brought out and placed upon the table before her a gloriously sparkling fairy, pinned to the inside of a velvet-lined box.


*


Chapter 2

Naturally, despite the relatively large pin skewering the fairy to the box’s base, she was otherwise alive and well. 
She looked most unhappy, Timinamma thought. Well, furious, actually.
She scowled and pouted petulantly. She sounded like she could be complaining, but her voice was so fast and high-pitched Timinamma could only hear it as a wailing buzzing. 
Even so, Timinamma couldn’t help but be entranced by the fairy’s incredibly luminous beauty. The wings spreading out on either side were almost transparent, yet shone with the yellow glow of sun-bathed cornfields. 
Timinamma frowned in puzzlement.
‘It says “fairies”,’ she said worriedly, pointing at the label placed above the fairy’s head. ‘But there’s only one there!’
‘Is there?’
The tinker anxiously snatched the display box back, stared into it with obvious concern. His expression instantly changed to one of intense relief.
‘Oh, no, no: they’re all still there, thank goodness,’ he breathed elatedly, placing the box back in front of Timinamma. ‘For a moment there, you had me fooled into thinking they’d escaped!’ he added with a gentle chuckle.
Timinamma could still see only one fairy pinned there. She frowned again, perplexed once more.
‘Ah, naturally, you can only see one!’ the tinker explained, noting her confusion. ‘That’s all part of their trickery, of course! They can take on many forms: they don’t just exist in one form, even one size, like we poor mortals! That’s what makes them so hard to pin down – if you pardon the dreadful pun!’
‘I’m not used to seeing fairies, to be honest,’ Timinamma innocently admitted. ‘We don’t get them around here, I suppose, because they fear being blown off the edge of the world!’
‘But Timinamma – I’m sorry, you don’t mind me calling you Timinamma, do you? It’s such a beautiful name!’
He looked into her eyes so apologetically that she naturally gave him permission to use her real name, although she couldn’t quite remember when she’d told him it.
‘Well, Timinamma,’ the tinker continued excitedly, ‘of course fairies live around here! The only problem is – as you’ve just so delightfully innocently admitted to me – you just don’t know what you should be looking for!’
He gently took hold of her elbow, as if about to guide her down a particularly precarious path.
‘Let me aid you, Timinamma: let me help you see the fairies that exist all around you!’


*


(A word of warning, children: you should never, ever try this at home, unless you too want to see fairies!)
‘A fairy can vanish in a blur of bright light if they so much as think you’re about to look their way!’ the tinker – whose name, it turns out, was Tinker – reverently explained to Timinamma. ‘So you have to know exactly what you’re looking for!’
Picking up the display box containing the fairies, Tinker brought it closer to Timinamma’s face, indicating with a slight nod of his head that he wanted her to hold it steady there.
‘We also need to make sure we use the fairies’ renowned curiosity to our advantage: to make them wonder what you’re doing, what you find so interesting. We also have to fool them into being a little less cautious – to fool them into thinking you’re far too busy to be paying them any attention.’
Tinker patiently showed Timinamma how she not only had to stare hard at the pinned fairies, but also how she had to use the glowing pin head as her point of focus, without any wavering of her eyes: for it had to be her subconscious that took in every detail of the fairy, and this was by far the best way of achieving this.
He told her, too, that he wouldn’t be able to look himself to check when a fairy (strictly according to Fowlers Accumulated Knowledge of The More Secret Usage of Good English we should still be saying fairies here – but in truth it does get a trifle wearying after a time) was curiously hovering over her shoulder, for it would undoubtedly detect that skulduggery was afoot.
As instructed, Timinamma continued to stare for thirty seconds, without a single blink or distraction, at the head of the pin skewering the unfortunate fairy. Then, when at last she believed a fairy must have come to peer curiously over her shoulder to see what had interested her so, she suddenly whirled her around: and yes, she saw the fairy, just before it disappeared in a flash of blue light!
 ‘You saw it?’ Tinker asked excitedly, seeing the sudden wide-eyed shock and wonder on Timinamma’s face.
‘Yes, yes,’ she replied elatedly, ‘I saw it! As you said it probably would be, it was a blue fairy! Not yellow like this one!’
‘They’re more common,’ Tinker explained once more. ‘Yellow are quite rare.’
Of course, anyone who was even slightly less trusting than Timinamma might have dismissed all this as no more than a trick of the light: but what are fairies, anyway, but a trick of the light?
‘Could I…could I now make a wish? Now that I’ve seen a fairy?’ Timinamma asked hesitantly.
‘But naturally!’ Tinker answered to her great joy and not a little surprise. ‘Take care, though, not to let me know what that wish is – although, to be honest, I think I can guess what it might be!’


*


Chapter 3

By the time Chros had finished wedging a huge stone either side of each wheel, the storm was already beginning to blow, the sky dark, the rain falling in drops that rattled against the haphazardly tiled roof. 
By the time he had entered the kitchen, the tinker was seated at the table, just finishing the last of Chros’s dinner. 
‘It was such a shame to waste it,’ Timinamma explained as she gaily tripped around the kitchen, as if suddenly twenty years younger.
Chros was surprised by his wife’s happiness, until he saw some of the tinker’s wares scattered across a nearby chair. 
There was a small piece of cloth that appeared to change its colour, depending on what you wished that colour to be. Another was completely transparent, such that Chros wouldn’t have even spotted it if it hadn’t been for the lace border made entirely of (or so he learned later) the woven locks of princesses. 
 ‘So, it seems you’ve been heartily fed and shown your wares,’ Chros pronounced pleasantly yet firmly. 
Well, he could hardly be angry with the tinker, could he? His dinner would have gone to waste anyway. And he had asked the man to placate his wife by distracting her with a fine display of his many bolts of cloth. 
‘So I suppose you can be on your way again now, tinker,’ Chros added with a firm smile as he took a chair at the table.
‘Chros!’ 
Timinamma was appalled by her husband’s rude behaviour.
‘We can hardly send the poor man out in a storm like this!’
With a slight nod of her head towards the window, she indicated the raging storm outside. It was now almost as dark as night out there. Timinamma had had to light a candle to bring some light into the rapidly darkening kitchen.
‘Besides,’ she added nonchalantly, ‘I’d already told him to bring his horse and cart into the stable: while you were out finishing work you should have prepared for ages ago!’
This last line was delivered with a sternness that brooked no disagreement. Besides, Chros didn’t want to do anything that would spoil the good mood he had found his wife in when he had first entered the kitchen.
‘And I mean to pay for my night’s lodgings–’
‘Night’s lodgings?’
Chros’s reward for interrupting Tinker was an angry glower from Timinamma.
The tinker continued to speak as if he hadn’t heard Chros anyway.
– ‘with a gift like no other you have ever seen or are ever likely to see!’
As he spoke, Tinker rose from his chair and picked up the pail containing water drawn from the well earlier that day.
‘That water is supposed to last…’
Chros’s protest wilted under another angry glare from Timinamma.
‘Hah, don’t worry,’ Tinker reassured them both as he placed the water-filled pail by the window. ‘I’m only using the water; none will be wasted.’
The light from a full moon shone like a silver covering on top of the water.
Which was very odd, because although it was now incredibly dark outside, it was far from being night-time. Moreover, neither Timinamma nor Chros had ever known the moon shine in through the window like this.
It wasn’t even the time of month for a full moon.
Still, it was a particularly beautiful sight. The pail looked as if it could contain liquid silver rather than clear water.
Carefully placing his fingers on the surface of the silvered water, Tinker made it ripple slightly, as if it were made of the purest, finest silk. Then, with a deft flick of those same fingers, Tinker withdrew the silvered surface as if it were indeed a piece of the finest cloth.
Pulling it completely clear of the water, he shook the cloth – and it immediately opened up into a piece of cloth twice its original size. He shook it again, drying it in an instant – and again, it doubled in size.
With a third flick of his wrists, the cloth had become a silken, silvery-white dress. When he handed the gorgeously elegant dress to Timinamma, her breathing was rushed, excited; for it was undoubtedly the most wondrous garment she had ever seen or even dreamed of. 
‘Moonsilk: there’s nothing purer,’ Tinker said with a satisfied smile. ‘Has anyone ever told you of the history of moonsilk?’


*


Chapter 4

The Box of All Our Fears

Some kingdoms are remarkably poor, their kings living hardly better than a peasant in a richer kingdom.
Obviously, the kings of such lands believe that this state of affairs is most unfair. They continually berate the gods for the unwarranted impoverishment and mean lifestyles of both themselves and their subjects.
One such king complained so much that at last he was sent help in the form of a fairy. She would create for the complaining king bolt after bolt of moonsilk until she had filled an entire warehouse. Then, by selling this most gorgeous and unique of materials, the king would almost instantly become extremely wealthy.
Soon, every princess and queen in all the neighbouring kingdoms had to have dresses made of moonsilk, bedsheets of moonsilk, scarves of moonsilk. Nothing else would do. Nothing else was so silkenly soft, so deliciously wonderful to look at. Even their husbands began to insist on moonsilk undergarments for their armour.
Riches poured into the king’s coffers. He built the most impressive palaces for hundreds of miles around. He decked out all his soldiers, no matter their lowly rank, in moonsilk.
Even so, this king remained unsatisfied.
A king, he irately berated himself time and time again, shouldn’t gain his wealth and fame through the means and methods of a mere tradesman!
Ultimately, such behaviour was humiliating for a king.
A king should achieve fame through the power of his armies, through conquest, and the acquisition of land.
He could now afford to build up his army, of course. Yet it would take too long to train them in the arts of war: no matter the size of his force, it would always flee the far more experienced men making up his opponents’ armies. He could afford to employ mercenaries, but these could never be trusted: he had heard many tales of mercenaries turning on their paymasters, taking over the kingdom they’d been paid to serve.
He needed a secret weapon, he decided. And who better to provide him with an unbeatable device than the fairy who had been set to work for him, filling his warehouse with bolt after bolt of moonsilk?
Now, the fairy was already extremely unhappy with the king. She had produced more than enough moonsilk to fill the warehouse a great many times. Despite this, the king always insisted she hadn’t fulfilled her task as he was managing to sell it almost as fast as she made it. To be given this extra task by the king – and one involving the creation of a weapon that would help him wage wars on other humans too! – was a step too far for her.
She refused to create the weapon of his demands. She also added that, as she expected to have at last filled the warehouse by the end of the week, she would be leaving as soon as her original obligation had been fulfilled.
Of course, the king couldn’t let this happen. The fairy was far too valuable to him.
And so, apologising for his request, and promising her that she could leave almost immediately if she so wished, he asked of her instead just one small favour; would she be so kind as to pass her judgement on the fine lace his best lacemakers had made using the moonsilk?
Naturally, the fairy was both flattered and intrigued by this request. She would indeed like to see what lace made of moonsilk would look like. And, of course, she believed herself to be an expert in the best use of moonsilk.
The lace had been hung in fine sheets throughout the lacemakers’ rooms, he told her, where they mingled with the great sheets that had been made through normal means. All the fairy had to do, the king explained, was fly amongst these many sheets, ranking each delicate piece of work on its quality.
The fairy flew amongst this glorious maze of hanging lace sheets, impressed by the beauty of the lace even though, as yet, she hadn’t come across any made of moonsilk. She frowned in disappointment, however, when she arrived at sheets that appeared to be of much poorer quality, for the lacemaker had attempted to use threads of the finest silver.
She flew alongside this lacework of silver thread, seeking its end so she could fly around it and inspect the next piece of lace. Rather than seeming to end, however, the lace began to sharply curve towards her. In fact, the farther she flew on, the more it curved around her.
The great sheets of lace hanging about her suddenly all fell to the floor: all, that is, apart from the lacework of finely meshed silver. This remained, encircling her like a cage; for as she had flown amongst the maze of veils the lacemakers had quietly and carefully drawn its ends together, swiftly and deftly sealing any joins or holes with extra thread.
In a panic, the fairy soared upwards, seeking to fly over the silver lace: only to find that it all hung from a specially constructed canopy that allowed no space for her to escape. Similarly, when she flew down towards the mesh’s base, she found it was tightly nestled within a metal track.
She was trapped.
She wasn’t leaving the king’s service after all.


*


Of course, as she was trapped within the finely meshed silver cage, as if she were some exotic aviary bird, the fairy could no longer continue to produce the moonsilk.
The king, however, was no longer concerned with the production and sale of moonslik. Under threat of starvation, the fairy had at last agreed to provide him the unbeatable weapon he craved.
It was an immense, octagonal lantern. Drawn everywhere on a cart, it produced not light but darkness. By means of the reflectors placed on four sides of this lantern, the darkness could be projected onto any enemy.
The darkness was complete. No other light could penetrate it. No other light could be lit within it. Any flame that was already burning abruptly seemed to be nothing more than flickering red leaves. 
Whole enemy fleets had been demolished within a single hour of intense darkness. Armies had simply fled after suffering a hail of arrows or bombardment of boulders from an opponent they were unable to see. 
At last, the king could take pride in his relentless gathering of riches and other kingdoms. Moonsilk had gained him nothing but a reputation as a lauded draper; his bringing of a fearful darkness, however, ensured that he himself was also feared.
Yet the king was still not satisfied. For even though he now brought so much fear to others, he realised that – ironically – not even he could ever be free of fear.
In his building of his vast empire, he had made many enemies. Not just the defeated kings and their now impoverished subjects, but also envious and equally fearful allies. Even his closest friends could no longer be trusted, for his enemies were prepared to offer them vast sums of money, great tracts of land, if they would only slip poison into his food, or a knife into his back.
He even exiled his two once-beautiful daughters, fearing that if he allowed them to get too close, they too could see it as an opportunity to take over his empire.
The fairy was well aware of this fear of the king’s. For she was wise enough to know that everyone fears something. And a great many ultimately fear the very same thing. 
‘I can take your fear,’ she promised the king, ‘and entrap it in a box. As long as the box remains closed, you will have control over your fear.’ 
The king considered this offer. Of course, the fairy’s price was her freedom. But even once she had gone, he would still have the Lantern of Darkness, his vast empire, his unimaginable wealth.
He agreed. He had had everything else he would be able to obtain from the fairy after all, as she had said she would rather starve than grant him any more favours.
She presented him with a cylindrical box, its surface covered in sharp razor shells that cut the fingers at the slightest touch. Unless the lid was held down tightly however – and there was nothing wrong with protecting the hands with gloves or wads of material – it would jump open as sharply as if it were spring loaded, such was the determination of whatever was trapped inside to get out.
Of course, the king realised he couldn’t trust such an important box to anyone else. It would always have to be where only he could lay his hands on it.
He placed a heavy weight on the box lid; but the curvature of the box ensured the weight simply slipped off.
He tied it closed with rope; but the razor shells soon cut through every thread.
He thought of burying it; but knew for sure that someone would uncover it, either by accident or design.
The only way he could be certain that the box remained closed was to tightly hold onto it, though he naturally had the good sense to have gloves specially made for this purpose alone.
He never let the box out of his sight. Never let it out of at least one of his hands.
It was a small price to pay when it ensured the thing he feared most could never escape.
It was only when he was finally on his deathbed that he could no longer maintain the tight grasp required to keep the box closed. As it slipped from his hand, the box sprung open.
He glanced inside the box, to see what it was the fairy had entrapped there.
This thing that he feared so much. That most people ultimately fear.
The box was empty.
The dying king didn’t understand.
Had he wasted all his life holding an empty box?
Had it all been for nothing?
And somewhere far off, sensing the passing of the foolish king, a fairy mischievously chuckled.
She hadn’t lied to him, after all.
For what does a man fear most but wasting his life?


*


Chapter 5

‘This magic you showed us – can it be used in other ways?’
Chros refilled Tinker’s pot of ale as they sat talking at the table.
‘Magic?’ Tinker sounded almost affronted, and at least shocked. ‘It’s not magic! It’s purely natural science, I assure you!’
Unseen by Chros, he and Timinamma exchanged knowing smiles.
‘Hhmn, shame, shame,’ Chros mumbled miserably into his own pot of ale.
‘A shame? Why do you say that, Chros?’
Of course, Chros couldn’t remember when he had told Tinker his name, but he naturally thought nothing of it.
‘Hah, it’s just that, well…if only it wasn’t for the barrenness of–’
‘Barren?’ Timinamma was aghast that he’d used such a word, and in front of a stranger too. ‘I think it’s more likely the quality of the seed that’s at fault!’ she snapped irritably.
‘It’s the best around!’ Chros insisted equally irately. ‘The problem’s obviously where I’m planting it, if you–’
‘Chros!’ Timinamma was amazed, furious.
‘I see, I see!’ Tinker said urgently, hoping to prevent their argument from developing any further. ‘But your wife has already had her wish from the fairy, so I–’
‘Wish?’ Chros stared at his wife accusingly. ‘Fairy?’
‘Oh, Chros, isn’t it wonderful? I can’t keep it a secret any longer!’
Instantly remembering that her fairy wish had ensured all their problems would soon be over, Timinamma’s mood had suddenly changed to one of blissful happiness once again. She almost danced across the room, gleefully sitting down in her husband’s lap as she used to when they first married. 
 ‘And you know what I wished for,’ she trilled excitedly, placing a hand upon her stomach as if expecting her wish to have already produced noticeable results. ‘I wished that, at last, we’d have what we’ve always wished for!’
Over her shoulder, out of the corner of her eye, she saw anxiety flash in Tinker’s eyes; but she hoped she’d imagined it, hoped it was nothing but a trick of the light. 
Yes, she knew, of course, that you should never reveal what you have wished for – yet what possible harm could there be in what she had just said? She hadn’t made her wish plain in any way at all, had she?
Chros’s eyes, by contrast to Tinker’s, lit up with joy.
‘You did! Oh wife, wife – that’s just so, so amazing!’
He hugged her tightly, quickly kissed her on the cheek.
‘But I can’t wait to see it growing!’ he declared, rising from his chair so exuberantly that Timinamma would have been sent flying to the floor if she hadn’t happily danced out of the way. 
‘When do we get to see the results?’ Chros elatedly asked Tinker as he rushed towards the window. ‘When does it all start happening?’
As he stared out of the window, he cried out in wonder.
‘Now! It’s happening now!’
‘What?’ Confused, Timinamma patted her stomach, unsure what Chros could mean. ‘I’m sure it can’t work that quickly, Chros!’
But Chros wasn’t listening. Whirling back excitedly from the window, he’d dashed towards the door and flung it open. He rushed out uncaringly into the raging wind and rain.
Tinker shook his head sadly, his eyes now brimming with apology.
Timinamma peered out of the window – and gasped in surprise and horror.
The corn in their fields was growing at least as high as a house.


*


‘What happened?’ 
Timinamma was distraught and bewildered. 
Out in the rain, however, out in the eerie moonlight, Chros was ecstatic: he was rushing past the towering leaves of giant carrots, running in-between cart-sized cabbages. 
The poor animals left out in their fields couldn’t believe what they were seeing, perhaps wondering if they themselves had been magically shrunk – if they were indeed capable of thinking that way. But of course, they were fully aware that none of these crops should have been growing at this time of year anyway.
‘That’s not what I wished for!’ Timinamma declared vehemently.
‘You and Chros, you spoke of similar things, yet wanted something different.’ 
Tinker placed a consoling hand on Timinamma’s shoulder as she continued to watch her husband make a fool of himself out in the wind and rain. 
‘A wish, when it uses so few words, is never as plainly stated as we would wish. It’s always open to false interpretation: and involving your husband’s own particular hopes by partially divulging you own simply added to that potential confusion.’
‘We didn’t need giant crops!’ Timinamma miserably cried, her tears now falling like mistletoe berries in the moonlight. ‘We needed a child!’
Tinker tenderly took hold of Timinamma’s worn yet still elegant hands. She turned to face him, her face still beautiful in its own unique way.
For once, Tinker spoke hesitantly, as if he might be suggesting something potentially dangerous.
‘You know, there is another way to get your wish.’


*


Chapter 6

While her husband soundly slept that night – dreaming of blackberries he could dive into, wallowing in their spilt juices; of grapes burgeoning into great moon-sized orbs that, when slit, gushed waterfalls of the sweetest wine – Timinamma dressed in her garment of moonsilk.
Then she strode out into the nearby woods, as Tinker had instructed her to do.
The wind and rain had at last died down to a point where her dress merely rippled against her otherwise naked body – again, another instruction of Tinker’s – and the magical cloth only slowly became first diaphanous and then transparent. 
She made her way to the clearing where a single, massive oak dominated everything around it, its oxen-thick branches spreading out as if specifically constructed to support the entire world.
By this time, of course, her most precious silken garment was thoroughly wet. The cloth lightly rippled about her, until she was seemingly bathed in nothing but moonlight, wearing nothing but the purest imagination of a dress.
Naturally, she didn’t find this in anyway unseemly, or believe it suggested impurity on her part in any way.
She had been assured that the only person waiting for her here would be the fairy herself – or, as Tinker had explained, in this guise, in this form, she would have to be a he. For, of course, one form that fairies can easily take on is human form. As for gender – well, that all comes down to whichever they fancy taking on at the time.
And to allow all this to take place, Tinker had sadly agreed to allow the fairy her freedom, provided he performed this one last, vital task – to ensure Timinamma would be with child, to grant her the child she so craved for!


*


When the fairy appeared, he was just as Timinamma had imagined him.
Like her, he was garbed in the very purest moonsilk. He glowed, as if he had covered himself in nothing but the reflective oils of crushed mistletoe berries.
She approached him, wrapped her arms about him as he embraced her, smelt, tasted, his skin, her skin.
With the last blow of the storm, a huge bolt of lightning rushed down from the still threateningly dark clouds. The charge struck the great oak, spread out all along its limbs, reaching out and out to its very limits, making every single element of its being glow, shudder, burst into life.
It was covered, everywhere, in tiny, brightly glistening moons. Fairy moons that seemed to be sprouting up from the earth itself, shooting up and up, trying to reach back up into and take up their rightful place once more in the heavens.
They were the moon’s tears. They were the glistening baubles of a fountain, frozen. They were bubbles, captured, made to exist forever.
They were Timinamma’s tears of bliss, made into the world’s most entrancing jewels.


*


As she slept, Timinamma dreamt of stars, of space, of being these things rather than being amongst them.
She awoke with a satisfied smile, even though she was alone, even though her wondrous dress had vanished. 
Her skin felt like the smoothest, lightest silk anyway.
The leaves of the great oak rising everywhere about her rustled musically in a light breeze. Amongst the leaves, curling along every branch and stem, the mistletoe delicately whispered too, its berries gleaming like the white spume of a wave’s last surge. 
Next to her, the fairy had left two keys. Unfortunately, one was so small Timinamma couldn’t fail to miss it, the other so large she couldn’t fail to ignore it.
And this was despite the incredible joy she felt as she stroked her already hugely swelling belly.


*


Chapter 7

The swelling of Timinamma’s belly was so remarkably large that she felt sure she must be carrying twins.
In fact, she was sure she could feel the kicking of two.
Now such a sudden, inexplicably abrupt pregnancy might have aroused suspicion in the minds of many husbands. Especially as the tinker had left with his horse and cart before anyone had woken that morning after the storm.
But Timinamma assured Chros that, naturally, this was all part of the wish the fairy had granted her. If their farm had miraculously started producing strawberries the size of hayricks, then why couldn’t they also be blessed with twins overnight? 
And all this, of course, in her mind, in its way, was indeed the truth. Even though she had had to hide the large key she had discovered lying next to her that morning, as she couldn’t think how that could be explained as a part of her story.
Truth means different things to different people, and that’s no lie.
Think about it for a moment. 
Chros had exactly what he had always wanted.
And Timinamma now had exactly what she most desired.
Now, that’s not to say they both hadn’t been made fools of. In their way, if not in their minds.
For, as many wiser people might have been able to already guess, the man who had ensured that Timinamma’s wish came true hadn’t been a fairy at all!
No: he had been an angel. 
And, as everyone knows, that is far, far worse!
Fairies may be in no way as trustworthy as we are frequently led to believe, but it’s made quite plain in many renowned and highly revered books that a third of all the angels were undoubtedly very bad indeed!
These very same books reliably inform us that another third of the angels were – or what they term as – neutral. 
That means, of course, they couldn’t decide whether they were good or bad. They sat on the fence. They were, in other words, completely indifferent to a moral imperative – are you good, or not?
In anyone’s book, that means they were bad, surely?
So, that’s two thirds of the angles who are bad!
Thankfully, we’re told the remaining third were good. 
Or, at least, so good that they’re the ones who will be charged with wiping out the whole of humanity when the time arrives for them to just get on with their job and do it! 
But not to worry: apparently, they can fulfil this otherwise completely onerous task with absolutely no qualms, being entirely indifferent to our suffering. A bit like we’re prepared to pour boiling water into an irritatingly irksome ants’ nest. 
You don’t think so? Do you need to be reminded what happened to Sodom and Gomorra? To Lot’s wife, simply for taking a curious peek back?
You’ve just got to be extremely indifferent to commit an act like that!
And what have we agreed indifferent means? Well, bad, actually.
So that’s three thirds of the angels who are bad!
Which means there’s a more than evens’ chance that, if you’re dealing with an angel, you’re not going to come out of it very well.


*


Chros found the large key that Timinamma had hidden.
She’d hidden it in the kitchen’s cutlery drawer, thinking there was absolutely no chance that Chros would ever go rooting around in there. Such things as kitchen utensils being purely women’s business.
He’d been looking for an old, bent knife to prise out an even older, bent nail.
He observed the large key with curiosity. Something so large, so elaborately wrought, so respectfully ancient, must open something very important, he reasoned. Something containing something of great wealth or prestige.
Due to the fabulously unbelievable size of his farm’s crops, Chros was naturally already wealthy, already admired and envied in the nearby towns and rival farms. He could have lived a life of ease, the farm remarkably almost taking care of itself apart from the harvesting and selling of its produce that, anyway, he could pay teams of men and accountants to accomplish for him.
The key, however, along with all the secrets it must by rights unlock, intrigued him to distraction. Failing to find the treasure chest or a door to a secret cellar anywhere in his house, he set his teams of men to endlessly digging up his fields, letting his crops rot, or destroying their extensive roots.
One day, one of his men rushed excitedly towards him; at last, they had uncovered a dark, stone chamber leading down into the bowels of the Earth! 
Resolutely taking his great key in his hands, Chros began to confidently descend the steps, lighting his way with a blazing firebrand.
He had expected to find a pair of thick, oak doors, perhaps, barring the way into the cellar of some long lost, long forgotten palace or mansion. But the tunnel simply went on and on. He would have turned around, for fear that he had been tricked and would end up in the underworld, but the tunnel soon began to flatten out. Next it began to rise and rise, the steps becoming ever steeper, as if he were ascending the interior of a towering mountain.
Which was very odd, because there weren’t any mountains this close to Chros’s patch of the edge of the world. 
The key, however, began to sing. 
Exuberantly sing! 
And with the most wondrously enchanting voice too!
It also began to glow, as if caught by the rays of an otherwise invisible sun. Chros no longer required the illumination of his blazing torch; the key lit the way forward better than the strongest daylight.
The light expanded, became ever brighter, until Chros could no longer make out anything surrounding him. The steps were easing off too, until Chros was at last walking along as if out for a peaceful, restful daytime stroll.
The key sang louder and more joyously than ever as a pair of large, locked gates appeared before him.
Chros slipped the key into the lock. It fitted perfectly.
He turned the key.
As the gates smoothly opened for him, he stepped inside with a satisfied smile.


*


Chapter 8

Despite the surprisingly abrupt swelling of her belly, Timinamma had carried her babies for what had increasingly come to be seen as a never ending period.
Now, at last, Chros’s sudden and unexpected death brought on the birth pangs.
When he hadn’t returned from the dark chamber he’d entered, a team of men had warily set off on a search for him, thankfully discovering his body just a few steps down into the tunnel. 
Chros was smiling blissfully, as if he’d finally found the lock he’d been seeking for so long. You see, he hadn’t smiled once since his discovery of the key and the beginning of his all-consuming quest to find the door or chest it opened. There was no sign of the key itself, however.
The incredibly large swelling of her belly, together with the many kicks she suffered every now and again, had long ago persuaded Timinamma that she was carrying twins. So she was surprised that the chid she eventually give birth to wasn’t only completely alone, but was also ridiculously tiny and delicate too.
A fairy child, she thought, recalling the moment of conception.
The girl’s skin was as white, as wondrously glistening, as those moon-struck mistletoe berries. 
Her eyes were as brightly green as the leaves. 
Her hair, as it began to grow, to rapidly reach out and lengthen, seemed to curl in the slightest breeze, as the mistletoe subtly curls its way up the greatest oak. 
It’s colour, however, was that of reflected moonlight on midnight streams and waterfalls. 
Her tiny hands would grip Timinamma’s fingers as if they would never, ever let go: and Timinamma smiled blissfully, for she had never, ever been so incredibly happy.


*


Even though it was impossible for anyone who saw her to remain unaware of the girl’s ethereal beauty, her natural grace of movement, Timinamma’s child grew up like any other young girl living on the very edge of the world.
In fact, the girl’s entire early existence seemed perfectly unremarkable, until the day the Fay Queen decided it was – at last – time to intrude into her life.
The day, as days usually do (particularly those that will end badly), started innocently enough. 
The girl – let’s call her Luna, for that, after all, is what Timinamma had called her – was out in the woods. She often played here, sometimes alone but more usually with her closest friend Rouger, an almost similarly-aged boy from the neighbouring farm.
Rouger was in many ways Luna’s complete opposite; his hair red, his skin so freckled it was near enough red itself. He was impetuous, excitable, incorrigibly curious. Yet he was also foolishly courageous and the possessor of an instinctive intelligence that rarely let him down, particularly whenever he eagerly accepted the many challenges he set himself.
Of course, the young Luna found a boy like that so wonderfully exciting to be with. 
She would giggle, a mix of fear and admiration, as Rouger grasped the rope he’d dangled from a tree rooted at the world’s edge to throw himself out in great circles into that endless space. 
She would scream out in anxious concern when he ran pell-mell from another farm’s chicken coup, clutching the hens he’d decided deserved their freedom. 
In the woods, they would both race along the paths they themselves had made, seeking out any new dens made by foxes or badgers. 
They flattered themselves that they knew every valley, every rise, even every hollow and slight undulation within the woods, at least within a range of a half-day’s brisk run. So they both frowned in puzzlement when, running along one of their familiar paths, they suddenly found themselves in a huge clearing they had never come across before, never even knew existed.
It was a clearing graced by a spectacularly spreading oak tree, covered in the uncountable, glittering white orbs of mistletoe.
They stared in awe at the great tree, giggled excitedly, amazed that they had never encountered it before. Luna could see the elated blaze in Rouger’s eyes: he would have to climb it, to see how high he could go.
Before he could begin his climb however, there was an unexpected noise from the surrounding woods, the racing-heartbeat rhythm of the pounding hooves of a rapidly approaching horse. As if the horse’s increasingly thunderous galloping had disturbed the very wood itself, blossom began to rise up from every nearby hawthorn, to whirl around as if caught in a wind that neither Luna nor Rouger could feel.
Horse and rider burst through into the clearing, veiled from the children at first by a particularly vigorous swirl of blossom. Now, however, the oncoming rider and horse seemed to dispel the hawthorn flowers encircling it, such that the blossom fell and whirled everywhere like snow, but for a perfect sphere of strangely clear air surrounding them.
Even so, there was nothing whiter than that horse and rider, for they shone as if struck with the light of the moon. The horse was staggeringly gorgeous, a unicorn but for its lack of a horn. The rider was even more entrancing, a woman of delicate beauty, draped with glistening veils that could have been made of spun mistletoe berries.
Rouger stared at the incredibly bewitching woman, his eyes wide with astonishment, with (as Luna came to recognise later) longing. The rider’s eyes were locked on Rouger’s; and yet Luna sensed their power as if it were her they had locked upon. 
It was a gaze that used your own eyes as portals, as entrances to your innermost secrets, fears, and needs.
The rider was amused by Luna’s insecurities, the insecurities she believed she had hidden deep within herself. But the woman’s gaze sought out all these needs, these anxieties, like the mistletoe curls and spreads along the oak’s branches, seeking out every corner, every last twig to serve as a support, eventually burgeoning into its own gleaming life, it’s berries that sparkle as small moons. And each moon is an emotion, and our emotions make us who we are far more than our physical body ever can.
‘See what you’re missing, what you should be capable of?’ the woman assuredly declared.
But to Rouger, the message was completely different.
‘I could change the world if I had you!’
The swiftly approaching rider hadn’t slowed her raging mount in any way. Yet everything about her had slowed, apart from the swirling of the blossom, which spun and swooped everywhere faster than ever. It could have been a snowstorm, yet here the falling flakes were warm, not cold; the blossom stuck to you, enveloped you, it didn’t melt. 
Luna could no longer see anything but the rapidly falling flakes. She heard the laughter of the woman, the joyful whoop of Rouger, the beat of the horse’s hooves, all of it fading, receding.
‘Rouger!’ she cried out worriedly. ‘Where are you Rouger?’
She reached out into the whirling flowers that were blinding her, hoping she would find her friend where she had seen him only moments before. She blinked, to clear the flakes that had rested on and clouded her eyes: and suddenly, all the swirling blossom had vanished.
There were no whirling hawthorn flowers, not even one. There was no blossom on the ground. Nor any covering her body in a white sheen, as had been happening only a second ago. 
There was also no great oak, no clearing.
It was just a regular part of the woods, one she recognised as a part of the path she and Rouger would often take through here.
But Rouger wasn’t with her.
Like the blossom, like the beautiful rider and her mount, Rouger had vanished.


*


Chapter 9

With everything around her having changed so much (naturally, she didn’t realise she had something from the clearing firmly embedded in her shoe’s grip), Luna had no idea of the direction the rider and her captive Rouger must have taken.
All she could presume was that, as the rider surely wouldn’t head towards the farms, she must have gone deeper into the woods.
Luna ran along the paths, the innumerable forks, taking her farther away from the farms, farther into the woods, crying out Rouger’s name as she went. 
No one back on the farms knew these woods better than she did. There was little point in heading back there for help. Especially when it was in completely the opposite direction to where she needed to be.
Besides, how would she explain Rouger’s disappearance? 
If she told everyone that the Fay Queen had taken him, they would all assume she was crazy: aren’t all children endlessly told to beware any pure white rider, for fear it may be the Fay Queen? 
Isn’t it regularly beaten into the very youngest child (the edge of the Earth, as has already been explained, is a vastly different place to the rest of the world) that the Fay Queen will kidnap any child foolish enough to gaze in wonder at her rather than immediately fleeing?  
Luna couldn’t go back without Rouger. Surely she would soon find some clue that would at least give her an idea as to where the Fay Queen (presuming, of course, that it was indeed her) must have taken him?
The wood rapidly became darker and darker, partly because the trees grew ever closer together in this part of the wood, but also because it was growing later and later in the day. The sun was dropping lower in the sky, its rays hardly penetrating the thick web of branches and limbs, only a blood-red glow shining like a scarlet vein through the densely packed trees.
Bathed in the last rays of the dying sun, Luna continued to plunge ever deeper into the wood. Around her now it was the berries of the hawthorn that sparkled. Like so many fairy hearts, they blazed in a way that reminded Luna of Rouger’s hair, his uncountable freckles.
At last, Luna could no longer hold herself back from crying. Her tears fell, glittering like spilt blood in the red light. They poured from her, from the wounds of her eyes.
The drops fell into the short grass by her feet, glistening as if they themselves were fallen berries, the comforting green grass like the bed of leaves they had left behind. 
There was also something white there, something of the purest white.
It shone like the tiniest of moons, as if a mistletoe berry had become mixed amongst the hawthorn-berry tears.
Luna bent down to see what it could be, hoping it might be something the Fay Queen had dropped.
She picked it up.
It was a key. The smallest key Luna had ever seen.


*


Using a single finger, Luna turned the key around in the palm of her hand, inspecting it.
It certainly looked like something that the Fay Queen could have dropped.
It was intricately, beautifully made. It glowed, as if with its own light. 
It was also bizarrely soft and malleable, as if the most useless key ever made. 
As if, if you weren’t incredibly careful, it might be crushed and transformed into something entirely different. Or, indeed, anything you wanted it to be. 
It was so minute, Luna was worried that she might lose it if she simply slipped it into her pocket. It could wedge itself into a corner, and never be found again.
Was there a door around here, a small door leading to the fairy kingdom that the key might open?
She could search for it, seek out this small door, she realised. But what if the key had nothing to do with the Fay Queen? What if any door it opened wasn’t anywhere near here anyway?
While she searched for the door, the Fay Queen would be riding farther and farther away.
She needed help.
If only Rouger were here: he’d know what to do.


*


Chapter 10

Angry and frustrated, Luna reached out for and grabbed a clump of the glistening hawthorn berries, relishing the sense of warmth and pleasure that flooded through her as she effortlessly crushed them in her ever-tightening hand.
The juice ran down from her hand, gushing like blood, as if her hand had been punctured by an evilly barbed nail.
The key!
It was so small, so unbelievably weightless, that she had forgotten she was still holding it in her palm when she had reached out for the berries. 
Had she already lost the fairy key?
Urgently withdrawing her hand, turning it palm upwards in the same move, she hoped that the key hadn’t dropped from it at any time. She began to hurriedly run her finger through the small pool of crushed juice and berry pulp staining her skin. 
She felt something soft; but then, the berry pulp was soft.
She saw something glistening; but then, the berry juice glistened too.
She gasped with relief – there it was!
It shone white and pure, like a cellular moon against the red streams of a dying sun. It glowed, even seemed to move, as if made of quicksilver. And as it moved, it appeared to mingle with the juice, quickening that too. 
The juice pulsed in her hand.
She sensed that it had a steady beat, like that of a pumping heart.
Was the pulse merely her own, her excitement and hope making the veins of her palm surge and flow?
Was the beat only that of her own heart, its own steady rhythm quickened? 
With her empty hand, she grabbed another thick clump of berries, once again crushing the life from them. She brought their pulped juices together with that she already held in her hand, the quickened merging with the dead. The resulting mix jumped and flowed in her cupped hands. 
There was no mistake to be made now; something was coming to life in her hands.


*


If all this were the beginnings of a whole new life, Luna wondered, could she make it her own? That is, could she be the one who determined what form it would take?
Grabbing more and more berries, crushing them and evermore quickeningly bringing them to the mix already created, Luna formed an increasingly larger clump of the now red clay-like material. 
She moulded it deftly in her hands even as she created the material itself. Thinking, as she did so, only of Rouger. Of the many happy memories she had of him, of his admirable qualities. 
Even a close semblance of Rouger might be able to help her find the real Rouger.
She worked urgently, swiftly, letting her love for him, rather than any conscious thought, dictate the caressing of her hands. 
In this way – if not as purely in this way as she would have hoped, for it was hard to completely control her thoughts – she allowed herself to flow into this new creation, hopefully granting it the life it would otherwise have lacked. 
When she believed she had finished, she stood back to admire her work – only to sadly admit there was nothing to admire at all.
It looked nothing like Rouger.
It looked nothing like a boy.
It was a small mound of red clay, in a passably human form. 
There was no detailing to make it appear as a particular human. Nothing that could possibly set it apart from any other rudely formed clay model of a human.
And, of course, it displayed absolutely no signs of life.
It didn’t think for itself.
It didn’t talk.
It didn’t walk.
It didn’t even move. Not even in the slightest way.
Even that quickening in the juices she thought she had seen earlier appeared to have been nothing but a figment of her overactive imagination after all.
Luna began to cry once more. This time far more miserably, and for far longer. 
She had tried her best.
But her best hadn’t been anywhere near good enough.


*


Chapter 11

When Luna woke up the next morning, she was shivering, uncomfortable, and aching.
She had made herself a reasonably soft bed of leaves and grasses the previous night – realising that it was too dark for her to try and walk back to their farm – but as she’d moved around in her sleep through the night, most of this had been disturbed, gradually revealing the bare soil and stones lying beneath.
Alongside her, her warped creation stood as motionless as if on guard, like a lonely, single piece of the great stone circles we are reliably informed were once knights, petrified by the witch they were attempting to encircle.
She might as well head back home as soon as possible, she told herself, and hope that a grouping of the farmers would be more successful than she had been at tracking down Rouger’s abductor. First, however, she needed a drink, and a wash, to wipe away the coating of dirt she’d accumulated throughout the whole of yesterday and last night. As well, of course, to clean her face clear of the dried tracks of her many tears.
She glanced once again at the incredibly poor effort she’d made of creating a living version of Rouger. What had ever made her think this ugly lump of dried juices could have ever taken on a life of its own? she wondered, drawing closer towards it.
Just as the rays of the dying sun had struggled to shine through the tightly gathered trees of the wood, those of a new, rising sun were only just beginning to break through the thick weave of trunks and branches. The strongest beam, however, appeared to have deliberately sought out this facsimile Rouger, for the light lit up the otherwise pathetic figure in a glorious fiery glow. It was already baking the clay-like substance hard, taking away any last semblance of life as everything became set, permanent, unchangeable. The clay was cracking too, taking on the tangled, ribbed texture more akin to the interweaving stems of the hawthorn rather than the more blood-like juices of its berries. 
Unless…
Even now, with so many of her hopes having being rudely dashed, Luna couldn’t stop herself from wondering if it were still possible to grant this odd figure life. Were the sun’s rays warming it, as a hen warms her eggs, and the new life springs from the cracking shell?
She pulled away an incredibly small, triangular segment of the figure’s shoulder, and peered inside.
No.
She’d been nothing but a fool once again.
Beyond the sun-dried shell, there was nothing but the undried, unformed pulped-juice clay.


*
 

The water of the gently flowing stream refreshed her.
She still felt miserable, but at least she felt cleaner.
She had to cut back along the part of the path where she’d slept the previous night, the stream being one that she and Rouger had discovered ages ago, lying that little bit deeper into the wood. She almost didn’t recognise the area where she’d stayed the night, however, for the malformed Rouger was no longer there.
Had it baked so hard it had simply crumbled into nothing? Or had a series of animals all taken away odd pieces of it, perhaps to nibble on later at their leisure?
‘Thank you, Luna!’
It was Rouger! She’d recognise that voice, that chortling cry, no matter where she heard it. And it was coming from high above her, high up in one of the tallest trees.
She peered up into the heavily spreading foliage.
Yes, he was there! Smiling down at her, with his cheeky, lop-sided grin!
He was so well camouflaged, however, it was no surprise at all that she hadn’t spotted him before.
‘Rouger!’ she cried out joyfully. ‘However did you get up there? How did you esc–’
‘I climbed of course,’ he yelled back gleefully as he swiftly scampered back down through the innumerable branches. ‘I wanted to see if I could see where the Fay Queen had taken the real Rouger!’
‘The real Rouger?’ Luna repeated anxiously.
And now, now that he had dropped with a typical Rouger flourish to athletically land alongside her, Luna could indeed see that this wasn’t the real Rouger after all.
He wasn’t a well-camouflaged Rouger. 
He was made of hawthorn stems, leaves, berries. All carefully, delicately interwoven to form limbs, a neck, head, even a chin, mouth and eyes. 
But there was a small, triangular patch missing from his shoulder.


*


Chapter 12

This new Rouger’s hair was made of shredded stems, died a flame red with berry juice.
His eyes were two whole berries, each resting on a small bed of white blossom. His mouth was a row of split berries, his teeth the hardened crowns of the hawthorn flower. His tongue was a leaf, his nose a conveniently formed, hollowed stem. His blood, of course, was the juice of many berries.
It was miraculous, this living copy of Rouger, made entirely of hawthorn. Yet Luna couldn’t help but still feel disappointed; he wasn’t of flesh, as she had hoped, not even of clay, as she had feared.
‘We must find the real me,’ the boy said, as if taking words from her own mouth.
Which, of course, was probably quite nearly the truth, for of course he’d been partly formed from her very hopes and wishes.
‘But we don’t know where the Fay Queen went,’ Luna pointed out, ‘and we don’t know much about the wood beyond the stream.’
‘I’ve seen a house,’ the boy exclaimed excitedly. ‘I saw it quite clearly when I was at the top of the tree. The people living there might have seen or heard someone passing.’
Luna frowned doubtfully. 
‘How could you see a house in these thick woods? Rouger climbed these trees too, and he never saw any house.’
‘The house towers above most of the wood, because someone’s cleverly built it amongst the branches of the grandest tree I’ve ever seen. A tree the like I never saw before!’
Luna frowned again, this time in bemusement. 
Did this new Rouger mean he could remember all the trees the real Rouger had also seen? In which case, this great tree must have magically appeared from nowhere, as the great oak had done. Or did he mean it was the grandest tree he had ever seen because he wasn’t, as yet, even a day old?
Either way, heading towards this towering house seemed a good idea.
At the very least, the house’s owner might allow them to ascend to its uppermost floors, from where they would be able to gaze for great distances across the wood.


*


There wasn’t any path, not even the roughest, most unused track, leading in the direction of the towering house Rouger (it is easier, isn’t it, if we simply call him that for now? Using anything more apt to his nature would only confuse matters) continued to insist he had seen from the top of the tree.
After a while, however, they at last began to glimpse the towering tree every now and again through the odd gap in the otherwise thickly surrounding wood. It was indeed a magnificent tree, even larger by far than the mighty oak that had magically appeared in the clearing. It rose up and up, as if stretching out to reach the very heavens themselves. As if, indeed, it was rooting its branches in the heavens, while its roots supported and held a precariously dangling Earth in place.
A house constructed of a melange of materials – wood, tile, brick, canvas, wattle, stone, iron, hay, and reed – rose up through the branches and stems of this great tree, its innumerable floors connected by bridges, steps, sweeping drives and ladders. But the closer Luna and Rouger drew towards this looming house, the more faults they spotted in its build; for the wood was rotting, bricks were crumbling, stones were slipping apart, iron rusting, and thatch was now home to only squirrels and birds.
Not far from the base of this impressive wreck of a house, someone had built a far simpler and incredibly small cottage. The stonework and mortaring of this small structure, however, were perfectly maintained. The garden, too, was well kept, a place to grow vegetables as well as a variety of jewel-coloured blooms. This was despite the obvious presence of children, for a swing hung from the branch of an apple tree, while a crude seesaw was positioned just by the gate. Only the roof of the house seemed in any way strange, for it was of neither tiles nor thatch, but made completely of the massed leaves of the apple tree, whose branches thickly draped over the stone walls. 
Despite the golden glow of a flame that shone through the windows, the house appeared to be empty. There was no smoke coming from the chimney, no signs of life visible in the kitchen, or in the garden itself. Even so, Luna knocked on the door, hoping someone was home who could offer them any information on any strange rider who had passed by yesterday.
No one answered her knocking on the door, yet she did hear an oddly muffled sound, as if someone was trying to talk but their mouth was being held tightly shut.
Puzzled, Luna and Rouger stepped down from the doorsteps they’d been standing on and turned to leave.
‘They’ve all gone to see the midwife; another child on the way!’
The voice was bright and cheerful, but neither Luna nor Rouger had any idea where it could be coming from. It had seemed to come from the house as they’d turned their backs on it. Yet now that they had turned to look at it once more, the door was still firmly shut, and there was no one standing at the windows.
‘Who said that?’ Rouger asked concernedly.
‘I did, of course!’ said the house with a chuckle. 
The two windows to either side of the door were its eyes, while its mouth was the double doorstep Luna and Rouger had just been standing on. No wonder the voice had originally sounded muffled!
‘Well I’ve never heard of a house that can speak!’ exclaimed Rouger in surprise.
‘Well I’ve never heard of a bush that can speak either!’ the house retorted, a little affronted by Rouger’s disbelieving tone. ‘Haven’t you ever heard it said how a house can speak many things of the people who live there?’
‘No, I’ve never heard that saying!’ Rouger replied testily.
‘Well there you go: I’ve just made it up for you, then.’
‘That’s not how sayings work, is it? You just make one up!’
‘Someone has to make it up in the first place, I’d think, don’t you? A saying doesn’t just appear out of thin air now, does it?’
Luna was surprised at Rouger’s rudeness and belligerence, as well as the way he was wasting time rather than asking if the house had seen the Fay Queen pass.
‘It sounds a perfectly sound saying to me,’ she said quickly, hoping to calm things down between the house and Rouger. ‘Perhaps, though, it’s not so much a saying as an observation?’
‘Yes, yes,’ the house agreed thoughtfully. ‘That’s a good observation that you’ve made, young girl: that what I said is an observation. Yes, yes – I like that!’
‘Then, I wonder,’ Luna continued, ‘with you being so good at observations, did you happen to see a rider pass by here yesterday? One on a white horse, and all dressed in white?’
‘Oh, you mean the Fay Queen!’
‘You saw her?’ Luna asked hopefully.
‘No, no; but I observed, didn’t I, that your description fitted all the tales I’ve heard of the Fay Queen.’ 
‘Tales? Can you remember any that describe where she lives?’
The house frowned as he pondered this before answering.
‘No, sorry: doesn’t she just live everywhere? She can appear from just about anywhere, anyway: as all the tales warn us! With so many children living here, we’re all well aware that they have to come running home as soon as they know she’s around!’
‘Er, yes, yes, I have heard that tale too, thank you.’ 
Luna felt ashamed that her carelessness had been so innocently pointed out to her.
‘Now, if it’s tales you’re after, the best person for that – well, house, rather than person – would be that once magnificent figure over there.’
With a slight movement of his eyes, along with the curtains and the vases in the windows, he indicated the wrecked building alongside them. Close up, it was obvious that at one time it had indeed been a remarkable structure, reaching up far higher than Luna would have thought possible. Now it looked dangerous, being close to collapse. 
‘Do you think he – or should that be she? – could have seen anyone pass by?’ Rouger asked.
The house shook slightly, just as a man or woman might shake their head.
‘Her memories are all over the place, all mixed up, I’m afraid.’ The house sighed. ‘Such a shame: each room, at one time, had a tale to tell.’
‘I don’t suppose any of those tales would be of any use to us anyway,’ Rouger said, now bored and eager to be on his way.
‘The Fay Queen took one of my friends, you see,’ Luna admitted miserably.
The house gasped.
‘Didn’t he – I assume it is a he! – didn’t he ever listen to any of those tales warning all children to beware of the Fay Queen?
‘Yes, yes; but I was responsible too,’ Luna replied honestly. ‘Neither of us ran when we saw her.’
‘Well, if you climbed somewhere very high up, you might be able to see the roads she might have taken.’ 
‘Is it safe?’ 
Rouger looked towards the towering yet creaking building uncertainly. Luna grinned; if Rouger felt wary of climbing it, it must be very dangerous!
The house had also noticed that Rouger was glancing warily at the derelict house.
‘The old house? Of course it isn’t safe! I didn’t mean climb her! I meant you could climb the princess’s high tower.’
‘There’s another high building around here?’ 
Luna looked about her, stretching up on her toes, trying to see the very top of a high tower through the encircling trees.
‘Not exactly: I’m not really quite sure exactly where it is. But if I told you the tale of the princess and her tower, it might contain some clues as to how you can get there.’


*


Chapter 13

The House that Wouldn’t Stop Growing

Time was when children amused themselves, using their own incredibly vivid imaginations to conjure up entirely new worlds.
Whenever Jill played with Jack in the crude tree house they’d built, she would imagine that it was a small, delightful cottage in which they would eventually raise the many children they would have together.
Jack, however – flattering himself that he was by far the more imaginative of the two of them – regarded the small, wooden construction as a vast and towering palace, one from which he could look out over the kingdom he wisely ruled.
Now the kingdom they lived in, unfortunately, wasn’t wisely ruled. In fact the king, seeking to build his own great palace, taxed the people cruelly. And whenever a village found itself unable to pay the increasingly onerous taxes, he would send in armed men to punish them, burning their homes and either destroying of stealing the crops in the fields. 
One day, it was the village that Jack and Jill lived in that had to pay this most heavy of prices. The men the king sent to punish the villagers were ruthless, going about their task of burning the village with obvious glee. No home was left untouched. The entire village was left homeless and destitute.
The only building the king’s men had missed was Jack’s rudely built tree house. Of course, the entire village couldn’t hope to seek shelter in such a small building, but Jill had such an incredibly big heart that she insisted everyone should at least try and find themselves some space within the spreading branches of the great tree in which they had made their play home. As she pointed out, the countless leaves would keep the rain off their heads, while the thick trunk and branches would ensure they weren’t suffering the cold leaching up from the bare earth.
Using the materials they salvaged from the wreck of their village, the villagers moved into the tree, rebuilding their homes amongst its surprisingly many branches. Strangely, no matter how many people climbed up into the tree, it seemed to constantly grow and spread out its already considerable reach, accommodating everyone seeking shelter in its warm embrace. 
The building work, of course, was confused and continuous, yet many people kept it to themselves – for fear of being deemed a little loose in the head – that extra rooms or connecting stairs to other homes had appeared as if by magic from nowhere. In fact, the innumerable stairways, bridges and curving pathways that began to appear, linking every home in the most unimaginably elaborate ways, drew everything together until it more resembled one gigantic building rather than a village.
As the tree and the house grew, so, of course, did Jack and Jill. Many young boys of the village began to tentatively ask the increasingly beautiful Jill for her hand in marriage, but she refused them all: her heart, as it had always been, was set on Jack.
Jack, however, put his own heart into building the already towering structure ever higher. In line with his own dream, he included verandas from which he and Jill could look out over the kingdom: of course, it wasn’t his kingdom, but in a way it was his in that only he could see the whole land in its entirety.
Then one day, as he was building the tower higher still, he spotted another tower that was being built far away. He rushed down to one of the many rooms, a room that like so many others had just suddenly appeared one day. This one, however, with its unusually complicated devices for mapmaking and charting courses, contained exactly what he required; a telescope. 
Peering through the telescope while standing on his own tower’s highest balcony, Jack saw that the new tower was still being built, still rising within the midst of its trembling skeleton of wooden scaffolding. This new tower also had its own balcony, its own curious observer, viewing the surrounding land through a telescope.
This new observer was very different from himself, however.
She was a princess. And the most beautiful princess he had ever seen.
(Not that he had ever seen any princess before – but you know what we mean.)
As Jack continued to stare, amazed by her beauty and grace, she continued to survey the kingdom through her spy glass. Suddenly, she turned his way: and gasped as she caught him watching her.
She lowered her telescope. Now that he could see her face plainly, Jack knew that he had been right to think she was the most beautiful person he had ever seen. Her mouth was as red as the most succulent apple, her hair as golden as the sun that regularly kissed its soft surface.
That delicious mouth fell open in shock. She urgently called out to the people around her, excitedly pointing Jack’s way.
She had seen him, Jack realised, and fallen in love with him: just as he had fallen in love with her.


*


Soon, the scaffolding surrounding the newly rising tower had been extended, reaching far higher than before. The number of men dangerously scrambling through this maze of woodwork had also increased, such that the tower began to quickly rise once again.
Jack’s heart fluttered excitedly when he saw that the builders were constructing a new, higher balcony. Of course, this new balcony was smaller than the first one, as the extended part of the tower was much thinner than the previously constructed section. Still, however, there was more than enough room for the beautiful princess to stand on it, to peer at her father’s kingdom though the spy glass. 
Once again, she directed the telescope Jack’s way. Once again, she gasped excitedly when she saw him looking her way with his own spy glass. Once again, the princess shouted down excitedly to the people around her.
Jack had also had to increase the height of his tower, the tree – as always – growing to accommodate any change in the building’s already immense structure. If Jack hadn’t built on a few more rooms and stairways, he wouldn’t have been able to see the princess, for the tree’s countless leaves and branches would have blocked his view.
In fact, these days Jack spent most of his time addling extra floors to the building. Either that, or he surveyed the rising of the new tower through his telescope, hoping for another glimpse of the princess. 
The princess’s new tower and its veils of increasingly rickety scaffolding continued to rise, the newer sections narrower than ever, each additional level becoming ever smaller. The princess was crammed tightly into the balcony walls of the very latest addition, hardly able to move.
Her mouth opened in awe when she saw that Jack was still able to view her from his own swiftly rising construction of wood, stone, brick and glass. 
Hearing of the safety offered by the tree, the people from other villages destroyed by the king’s men had sought shelter there, adding their own complex of new homes, rooms and soaring stairways. The building was now so vast that it was easy for anyone unsure of where they were heading to get lost among its many rooms and roadways. Few people knew their way around the entire structure, with most satisfying themselves with a sound knowledge of the neighbourhood where they lived.
One day, a large troop of the king’s men arrived at the main doorway to the house, demanding permission to enter.
‘Of course you can come in,’ Jill answered innocently. 
The king’s captain observed the vast house with suspicion. He was obviously surprised by its sheer size. He realised they could end up searching it for ever and still not find what they had been sent to retrieve, by order of the king.
If they failed to do as the king had commanded, it would be foolish to return empty handed.
‘Who’s the man in charge of this house?’ the captain growled worriedly.
‘That would be Jack,’ Jill replied innocently. ‘I’ll fetch him for you.’
Of course, the king’s men had to wait a whole day while Jill rose up through the great tower to tell Jack that the soldiers were waiting for him. They had to wait another day while Jack made his way down to greet them.
‘We have been commanded by the king to take back the secret of this great tower’s rise,’ the captain imperiously informed Jack.
‘There is no secret,’ Jack answered innocently.
‘The king’s greatest soothsayers and wizards have declared that the secret is a golden apple that grows amongst this great tree’s branches,’ the captain insisted. ‘If you refuse to hand this golden apple over to us, we have orders to burn your whole tower down.’
‘I don’t know of any golden apple,’ Jack replied truthfully. ‘But you and your many men are sure to find it if you search for it,’ he added, indicating with a wave of his hand that they were free to enter.
Of course, Jack’s house was no longer approached by a crude ladder. A gracefully curving road ran up to the great doors that you now entered the house by.
Spurring their horses on, the king’s troop rode up the curving road, swinging in through the great doors – and were never seen or heard from ever again.
It wasn’t long, of course, before rumours began to circulate that the king’s men had foolishly headed towards the more dangerous parts of the building. That is, those sections that had been added on by gnomes, goblins, and even giants. In one far section of the tower, it was told, there was a constant roaring, which many believed could only come from a family of dragons.
No one, however, believed the fairy story that a whale had also set up home amongst the great tree’s branches. There was a vast lake, the story went, lying within the hollow formed where the tree’s incredibly thick trunk forked into a number of only slightly thinner offshoots. Then again, no one doubted the existence of the aqueducts that brought precious water down from the streams and waterfalls that ran everywhere through the higher branches.
By the time Jack had at last once more ascended to the top of the tower, a large number of these branches had grown around his balcony, cutting off his clear view of the princess’s tower. By the time he built on a further extension, allowing him to see over the surrounding branches, the princess’s own tower had also risen considerably. Now, however, the princess was seated precariously on nothing more than a wooden seat, fixed to the top of a soaring spire that was little more than a trembling ladder.
Jack gasped in horror, fearing for the poor girl’s life.


*


One month later, a wondrous fanfare of trumpets announced the arrival of a royal procession at the base of the tree.
Jack was already excitedly waiting by his tower’s great doors. He had first spotted the procession a week ago, catching glimpses of it as it had wound its way through the woods towards them.
He watched as they had to take a detour, calling in at well-known smithy to have all the horses shod, for they had already travelled far. He hoped they had sufficient payment, for he was well aware that this was no ordinary smithy, one that accepted gold or silver. The owners would insist that they were paid only in fairy magic, some uniquely precious object that would provide the owner with great powers.
Since spotting the princess that very first day, Jack had asked many questions about her and her father the king. From the many villagers who now lived in his house, he had learned that the king and his daughters owned many magical objects, including a bed that restored youth to anyone sleeping in it, and a mirror that showed you where to find those responsible for all your problems.
Surely though, Jack had worried anxiously as he saw the king’s retinue stop at the notorious smithy, they wouldn’t have these precious objects with them as they travelled? He had breathed a sigh of relief as the procession had continued on its way, thankful that they must have had some fairy device to use as payment after all.
And now here they were, the king’s men in their finest livery, their pennants gaily flying from their rigidly-upright lances. The king’s carriage glittered as if of gold, the horses drawing it delicately cantering as if sternly trained to ignore how tired they were.
Several footmen rushed to open the carriage’s door as it slowed to a halt, dropping steps into place as they did so. The king stepped from the carriage, staring up at the towering building with undisguised distaste.
‘Oh, it’s not anywhere near as beautiful as our palace, Delafeana!’ the King sneered with a fleeting glance back into the carriage’s interior. ‘All this way, just to see such an atrocious mess!’
He briefly stayed by the carriage’s door to help his daughter the princess alight, offering her his hand.
When the princess stepped through the door, Jack thought his heart would explode with joy.
This close up, she seemed even more beautiful than ever. Seeing that he was gawping at her, the princess smiled graciously.
‘I wonder,’ she said, ever so sweetly, ‘if you could tell me the secret of your tower?’
‘Secret? There is no secret,’ Jack said, awestruck and wide-eyed. 
‘Oh come, come,’ she chuckled gaily as, with a swish of her long, flowing dress, she moved closer to him, ‘you can tell me this secret, surely?’
‘If there were a secret, I would gladly tell you it!’ Jack gulped embarrassedly.
The princess fluttered her eyelashes, gazed into his eyes, tenderly touched his arm.
‘Please, Jack – I may call you Jack, mightn’t I? That’s what I’ve heard you’re called, after all. Jack, please: I do know that you have a fabulous golden apple here that causes your tower to endlessly grow!’
‘I should have it burnt down,’ the king proclaimed nonchalantly as he continued to scornfully look up at the tower. ‘It spoils the view from our palace!’
‘No papa!’ the princess snapped, whirling on her father. ‘Not until–’
Instantly calming, she turned to face Jack once more.
‘Not until,’ she continued, returning to her ever-so-sweet way of talking, ‘this incredibly handsome prince shows me where this golden apple lies within his glorious tower!’
‘Princess, I swear there aren’t any–’
‘Yes, there is.’ It was Jill. She had appeared alongside Jack. ‘I know where this golden apple is,’ she explained. ‘I can lead the princess to it, Jack: if you’re sure you want her to have it?’
‘Of course I’m sure,’ Jack said huffily, excited now by the joy on the princess’s face, yet irritated that Jill was only delaying things. ‘Why shouldn’t I let the princess have whatever she wants?’
Jill sighed sadly.
‘Follow me then,’ she said despondently. ‘Naturally, it’s at the very heart of the tower.’


*

 
They entered a small room, perhaps the smallest room in the entire building.
From the very centre of its ceiling, however, there hung the most wonderfully glowing golden apple. It grew from a curling tree stem, one protruding in through a hole in the wall and winding its way about most of the room.
Naturally, Jack failed to recognise that the crudely constructed room was that very first house he and Jill had constructed together. It was a room that had ascended higher and higher as the tree had grown, until it sat almost within the very centre of the huge building. 
Unlike Jack, who hadn’t even remembered the room, let alone visited it, Jill had still continued to come here every day, pouring out her heart’s woes – for she had hoped that her life and Jack’s had turned out so very differently, of course. 
‘It’s…it’s beautiful,’ the princess gasped in awe, her eyes lovingly and desirously locked on the glowing sphere. ‘I’ve never, ever seen anything like it!’ 
‘Neither have I, to be honest.’
Jack smiled joyously, pleased that the princess seemed so enthralled with his creation.
‘It’s always been here, Jack,’ Jill explained sadly. ‘It’s just that you’ve never noticed it.’
‘Can I have it?’ the princess asked bluntly, her hand already reaching out to pluck the shinning apple.
‘Of course,’ Jack answered, foolishly, innocently. 
He wasn’t aware of the saying (or have I just made it up?) that, just because something is freely given to you, it doesn’t mean you’re free to hand it on to someone else. 
For naturally, as the princess plucked the golden apple from its stem, poor Jill jerked in agony, as if her heart had finally broken.
Not that Jack noticed.
His eyes were lovingly and desirously locked on the happily glowing face of the princess.
‘Thank you!’ she exclaimed elatedly, staring at the glistening apple she now held in her hands.
Momentarily looking up, she saw Jack staring at her expectantly, a sickly, stupid grin on his face. Hesitantly, unsure what was expected of her, she leant closer to him, kissing him lightly and briefly on his cheek with lips puckered in disgust.
‘I must go show papa!’ she trilled excitedly, whirling on her feet and dashing from the room.
As she rushed down the steps leading from the room just outside the open door, the building began to shake as if she were suddenly incredibly heavy, each step making everything else around them tremble violently.
‘What’s happening?’ Jack wondered fearfully, looking about him as the wooden walls began to crumble.
At last, he saw that Jill wasn’t well.
‘Jill!’
He rushed towards her, tenderly taking her in his arms. For Jack wasn’t really a terrible man, just a fool who thinks that the better things in life are always those just out of your reach.
‘We have to get out of here!’ he gasped in fright as a wall collapsed, the large gap created revealing that whole sections of the building were now falling away.
Stairways were sliding away, plummeting through the many green leaves.
Bridges quaked, toppled, vanished in the blink of an eye.
Rooms lurched, slanted crazily, the chairs and tables inside slipping towards a wall, then hurtling earthwards when that wall too fell away. 
Everywhere Jack and Jill looked, people were fleeing the collapsing building.
Jack tried to pick Jill up. But people of the same age are much harder to lift, let alone run with, than most stories would have you suppose.
‘No, you have to leave me,’ Jill insisted weakly. ‘I’m dying anyway, I’m sure of it. I no longer have the heart to continue.’
‘If you stay, I stay!’ Jack declared, recognising at last the room they were standing in. ‘This is where it all started, isn’t it? This is where it can all end!’
Jill smiled more warmly than she had been able to manage for a long time. She felt what she realised could be a last surge of energy flowing through her. She took Jack’s hand.
‘Then – let’s run! Like we used to!’
And so, hand in hand, they ran.
They ran through crumbling rooms that once held books or devices containing the secrets of the world, conjured up here by a love that knew no boundaries, no limits.
They ran across shattering bridges once strewn across the great divides by that same selfless love.
They ran down subsiding pathways that once sought out only the upper reaches, not the lows, as unconditional love seeks no reward but its own existence.
They ran down cracking steps once ascending higher and higher, as true love endlessly hopes that it will raise you both into heavenly realms.
Every creature imaginable was fleeing the great, collapsing structure with them. Men, women, children. Carpenters, judges, lost cavalry troops (but not, sadly, the poor king’s men). Tigers, elephants, unicorns. Fairies, dwarves, ogres, and yes, dragons. 
It was chaos everywhere they ran, and it took a full half day to run through it all. It was late evening when they eventually reached the base of the building, the princess now only just ahead of them.
The princess leapt into the still waiting carriage, the king admonishing her for her tardiness until she elatedly cried that she had the golden apple.
Proudly, she flung aside her cloak, having protected the apple within its soft folds – and wailed in horror.
The apple was dull, no longer golden. It had also split almost completely in half.
‘We’ve been tricked papa!’ she screeched miserably.
‘Never mind that!’ the king stormed, staring out of the carriage window at the rapidly deteriorating tower. ‘We have to get out of here before that monstrosity falls down on us! Driver, ride on – quickly!’
He banged urgently on the roof. The carriage and its attendant procession instantly moved off, swiftly gaining speed as more and more of the tower crashed to the ground behind them.
The princess threw the useless apple out of the window where, striking the ground hard, it rolled a short distance before splitting entirely in two.
Jill dropped to the floor with a tortured sigh. Jack saw how limply she fell. Saw her eyes close. He crumpled to his knees beside her, cradling her in his arms.
‘Jill, don’t leave me, please don’t ever, ever leave me. I can’t live without you, I realise that now! I’ve been a fool, the most stupid fool! Oh please, please forgive me!’
He held her tight. 
As his heart pressed against hers, he sensed that his was now the only one beating.
As he felt Jill go cold, he sensed too, at last, the incredible warmth that had once existed between them.
And now, now it was gone, it was nothing.
He cried. 
‘Jill, you’re the real princess! Not her! You’re the truly beautiful one!’
It was true, of course.
Unfortunately, it’s also true that we only realise how much we care for someone when it is far too late to tell them.


*


Where their hearts met, and Jack’s beat so urgently it beat fast enough for both of them, a glow appeared.
Tiny, at first. But growing.
Growing golden in its gleam.
It wasn’t just any light, however.
Jack felt the glow physically expanding.
Even pushing them slightly apart.
He looked down towards the glow.
It was an apple. A golden apple.
He pulled back in surprise.
The apple hung from a spindly tree growing between them.
Was it an offshoot of the great tree?
Or had it grown from one of the pips that had fallen from the split apple lying beside them?
Jack couldn’t be sure. But the tree was growing rapidly.
Its roots quickly spread, pushing up stones from the soil. Rearranging the stones, pushing them into shapes, into walls. 
Its branches, meanwhile, arched over its own expertly built structure, providing a protective roof of interweaving stems and leaves.
The golden apple was left hanging inside the small room, glowing, warming, welcoming.
And naturally, Jill’s eyes blinked open.
‘Have I been asleep?’ she asked innocently.
‘No; I have,’ Jack answered honestly.
And at last they kissed.
And the apple at last glowed brighter than ever.


*


Chapter 14

‘The mirror!’ Luna exclaimed elatedly as the house finished its tale. ‘That’s what we need to find the Fay Queen!’
‘Really? Would that help, do you think?’ the house asked curiously.
‘Isn’t that why you told us the tale?’ Rouger asked petulantly. ‘Why else would you tell us such a long story?’
‘Well, because I thought you could climb to the top of the princess’s tower and see all the roads of the kingdom, of course!’ the nonplussed house replied.
‘Yes, that might work too, of course,’ Luna agreed. ‘Which direction should we take to find this princess’s tower?’
‘Ah, well now there you have me, I’m afraid. I’ve absolutely no idea!’
‘No idea?’ 
Rouger was irately glaring at the house once again.
‘Then why did you bother telling us this story? This whole story?’
‘Because I’d hoped, of course, that you might pick up some clues that could lead you there!’
‘He’s right, Rouger,’ Luna pointed out diplomatically. ‘The smithy: we know that’s on the way there.’
‘So, the smithy: how do we get there?’ Rouger demanded, still glowering at the house.
‘How should I know?’ 
The house raised its eyebrows (the trailing stem of a climbing rose growing above the windows) in surprise that it should be asked such a thing.
‘You could climb to the top of the old tower to see if you could see it,’ he suggested brightly.
‘Then if we can do that, why do we need the princess’s tower?’
‘Because the old tower isn’t safe, of course!’
‘But if we – oh, never mind, you stupid house!’


*


The stairways and ladders of the old house were in a terrible state. Not only where they remained broken from when they had collapsed, but the weather in its turn had wracked havoc on whatever had survived.
The wood was rotting, breaking away in their hands or under their feet as Luna and Rouger attempted to climb up through the wreckage of what used to be this towering house. Stones or bricks, no longer held securely in place by their now thoroughly dried out mortar, would fall away, striking the ground with an ominous crump. 
Rouger, normally so sure footed and agile, was surprisingly faring far worse than Luna.
As he placed a foot down, or grabbed at a seemingly strong balustrade, everything cracked around him as if he had been remarkably careless. Even the great tree sounded like it was groaning in agony whenever they took instead to the still-firm branches, believing this to be a safer route up through the crumbling tower.
‘I’ll have to turn back,’ Rouger finally despondently declared. ‘I’m just making things more dangerous for you Luna.’
Luna had to agree. She nodded, and Rouger sadly turned back, slowly and ever so carefully descending back through the rooms they had already managed to precariously clamber through. 
The tree seemed to sigh with relief, as if at last freed from bearing a great weight.
Luna continued on her way, her thoughts more on making sure that she moved from floor to floor of the building safely than on the way Rouger had seemed so strangely inept at climbing. Was this a difference between him and the real Rouger? Yet he had earlier climbed the other tree as effortlessly as she would have expected the real Rouger to scamper up it.
Gingerly making her way higher and higher up through the soaring tower, Luna felt light-headed, as if only now realising the dangerous task she’d set herself. For the higher she went, the less of the building there remained. The upper reaches of the towering building had, perhaps not surprisingly, as the support below had collapsed, obviously suffered the most damage.
The very top levels of the tower had vanished completely. When she stood on what remained of what was now the building’s highest balcony, hoping to catch a glimpse of the princess’s own towering structure, she couldn’t see anything but the tree’s veiling branches and leaves. She couldn’t even see the smithy, which supposedly lay much closer than the princess’s tower. 
She could, however, pick up the faint strains of a sadly wailing violin, flowing across the tops of the trees on a light wind.
Luna began to descend through the deserted, wrecked rooms once more. Bizarrely, heading down seemed even more dangerous that when she’d only been heading upwards, for now of course her eyes were focused on the great distance to fall. At least when she’d been climbing, she had been directing her gaze only on the sections of the tower still looming over her. 
She spotted a spiralling, corkscrew staircase, the type you might find inside a plush library but here descending at least five floors through nothing but otherwise empty space. She hadn’t noticed on the way up: she must have gone astray at some point, losing her way amongst all this chaos of wreckage. It was the perfect way to get down relatively quickly.
She rushed down the stairs, regretting her haste almost immediately when she felt the whole staircase begin to rattle, then worryingly tremble. It swayed, it shook. Dust fell around her, as if she were disturbing the staircase’s supports, both above and below her.
She considered turning around, heading back up the stairs, but she’d reached a point where to retrace her footsteps would probably take longer than just continuing on her way. Far below her, she heard a terrible groaning, perhaps the sounds of the very base of the stairway giving way.
Above her, entire sections of the rooms were falling away, falling about her like inhabitable meteorites. The corkscrew staircase began to literally corkscrew, whirling her around. 
Just a few cart-lengths above her, the central pillar of the stairs began to creak, to snap. With a sharp crack, the column shattered, the whole staircase abruptly spinning as if caught in a whirlwind, the part that Luna was still descending spinning outwards in a dizzyingly large circle.
She ran faster, hoping to reach the lower areas, where the spinning wasn’t quite so bad.
The central pillar below her was under intolerable strain.
It protested with a screech, a groan of shattering wood.
Then it too partially snapped in half. The section Luna was rushing down toppled, throwing her from the steps with a frightened yelp.
She grabbed at the hand rail, an instinctive reaction, for there was no way such a useless action would save her if it plummeted to the ground lying far below.
But the shattered section jerked to a sudden halt, the remaining parts of the pillar stopping it from completely dropping away. It hung at a crazy angle, the steps that only a moment ago were the highest ones now lower than many of those winding around the remaining pillar.
The sudden halting of the falling section had jolted Luna so hard she almost let go of the handrail – but she clung on, dangling in space with nothing but her pained, rapidly weakening hand to stop her falling.


*


Chapter 15

The broken section was hanging too far out for Luna to hope she could leap from where she was hanging towards somewhere safer. The angle it was hanging at was also too steep for her to swing her feet up and cling onto something.
She was dangling by a single, increasingly weary arm, with nothing around her to prevent her from falling to the ground lying far below. Worse still, the remaining part of the pillar holding the broken section in place was creaking under this extra strain, the surviving shreds of wood and iron connecting them snapping one by one. 
The rooms lying far off to one side of her shuddered and groaned, as if they too were readying to fall away.
‘Did you throw this shoe?’ irately demanded a booming voice.
Luna had to twist in the air slightly to see who was speaking.
It was a giant, standing at the opening to a large room whose wall had fallen away. He was holding Luna’s shoe in one hand, rubbing his head with his other, as if tenderly caressing a bruised bump.
Glancing down at her feet, Luna realised for the first time that one of her shoes had dropped off at some time during her fall. 
‘Oh, er; I didn’t throw it,’ Luna explained. ‘It was an accident.’
‘Hmn, I suppose as that as it were an accident, that’s as should be forgivable,’ the giant said with a doubtful frown, still rubbing his sore head.
Carefully placing the shoe on a nearby broken shelf, he turned to leave.
‘I, er, don’t suppose you could help me?’ Luna asked tentatively.
‘What?’ 
The giant turned around once more, his eyes opening wide as if at last seeing Luna’s precarious position.
‘Oh, course! How silly of me,’ he said, picking the shoe up.
Reaching out across the huge gap separating them, he tenderly slipped it onto Luna’s foot.
He turned to leave once more.
‘I, er, meant – could you please get me down?’
The giant turned around again.
‘Down?’ he said, his frown now one of puzzlement. ‘I thought as you were just a playing around.’
Reaching out yet again, he carefully took Luna in one of his great hands as, with a sigh of relief, she let go of the handrail. He held her as if she were weightless as he safely brought her across the great divide, placing her alongside him on the room’s gently sloping floor.
Close up, the giant appeared even more massive than Luna had first supposed. She wondered how the wrecked rooms managed to support his great weight, while the far smaller Rouger had caused everything about him to tremble as if about to start collapsing again at any moment.
He must be very light on his feet, she supposed, thinking back to how tenderly he had fitted her shoe back onto her foot.
‘Thank you!’ she breathed gratefully. ‘I take it you must be one of the giants who originally used to live here?’
‘Still do live here,’ the giant replied huffily. ‘There’s no “originally used to” about it. And I ain’t no giant neither. As you’d know, if you’d a seen the size of the real giants as originally used to live here.’
‘Why didn’t you leave with everyone else when the tower began to fall?’
‘Not everyone left, as there’s some as still likes living here. Me, I was one of those as caught on the wrong side of the fairy portholes, when they all a started collapsing along with the building.’
‘Fairy portholes? What are those? Some doorway into another land?’
 ‘Ah, you see, you do know as what they are! That’s as how most of the gnomes and giants – which don’t include me, by the way: not amongst the giants, anyway – moved in here in the first place. See, as the place and tree around it grew, more and more of the fairy portholes opened up. And as it all started falling about our ears, most as could fled back through them, taking some of the human villagers with them: not against their will, mind. Some of the lands on the other side are nice places to live too, provided you make sure you pick the right doorways.’
This news of fairy portholes worried Luna; the Fay Queen would have undoubtedly used one herself to make the perfect escape. That meant finding the princess’s magic mirror was more important than ever, for it was probably the only way she would have any chance of finding out exactly were the Fay Queen had moved to.
‘And there’s none left here?’ Luna asked hopefully. ‘All the fairy portholes have collapsed?’
The giant nodded miserably. 
‘I’ve searched and searched, of course. But there’s none as I’ve found, I’m afraid.’
He grinned, stood up straight and proud – until he had to bow his head to avoid catching it on the room’s ceiling.
‘Still, we’ve just got to make the best of things, ain’t we, miss?’
He cocked his head, looking up through the branches stretching out high above them.
‘Me, I usually head up there as high as I can, as I hopes I can catch the sounds of that beautiful violin playing down at the smithy.’
Luna remembered catching the strains of the mournfully playing violin on the wind when she’d climbed as high as she could up through the creaking tower.
‘That’s where it comes from, is it? The smithy?’
‘That’s right; get the wind right, and it’s like being entertained by the very best violin player you’ve ever heard. I reckon as it’s the magic object left behind by the princess when she came here, as it all started the day she called in there.’ 
‘You saw her come here?’ 
Luna was excited: of course, the giant lived here when the building was at its very highest. He may well have climbed up to the highest point and seen the princess’s tower; which might also mean he could give her directions on how to get there. 
‘Can you remember where the princess’s great tower is?’
Frowning once more, the giant carefully pondered Luna’s question.
He shook his head.
‘No, sorry miss: as is, I can’t remember. It being so long since the tower fell, like. Used to be able to see it a mighty long way afore that, now mind you.’
Despite his size, Luna realised, even the giant wouldn’t be able to stand on what remained of the tower and see above the highest of the tree’s branches. 
On the other hand, if they both went up together, and the giant held her up as high as he could in one hand: then, surely, she would be able to see at least the top of the princess’s tower?
‘Ah, so that’s as why you’re here, is it?’ the giant grinned amiably when Luna asked if the giant would take her as high as they could climb, then lift her up. ‘As you’re a wanting to see out across the land, that’s right, ain’t it? Come on then,’ he added brightly, with a nod of his head indicating that she should follow him, ‘let’s as give it a try, why shouldn’t we?’


*


As they ascended through the delicately balanced rooms, Luna was once again amazed that the creaking structure managed to support the giant. Rouger had caused a great deal more of the wood and bricks to collapse as he’d moved through far firmer sections of the building.
When they reached what was now the highest point of the tower, the gaunt picked Luna up and – stretching high on his tip toes, stretching his arm as much as he could – he managed to lift her clear of the surrounding branches.
‘Why, you’re as light as a feather could ever be, miss!’ the giant chuckled with surprise. ‘Lighter than lighter, in fact: as I do believe that if you so much as allowed it, you could as take me right up there with you, if I as held you high enough!’ 
Luna grinned with excitement. She could see, it seemed, for ever.
Then she grimaced. The Fay Queen could be anywhere out there.
In fact, she might not be anywhere out there, but living in a completely different land, one she had accessed through a fairy porthole.
It all suddenly seemed hopeless.
She needed that magical mirror. She needed the princess’s tower.
But no matter where Luna looked, she couldn’t see any tower. 
‘I can’t see it,’ she wailed. ‘I can’t see the princess’s tower!’
‘But didn’t I tell you, miss?’ the giant said with a perplexed frown. ‘I’m sure as I said it had toppled long ago.’
‘Oh, that tower!’ 
Luna recalled that the giant had indeed referred to a falling tower, but she had presumed he was talking about the one they were standing on. 
‘Why did it fall? What happened?’
‘It was as never well built, that tower: not as like this one, supported by the great tree. All a rush job too, you as ask me. Top bit went while the princess was as out here visiting. The rest as vanished almost as quick, I reckon.’
Once again, now that she was up here once again, Luna heard the melancholy strains of the violin. It was such a sad tune, the violin could almost have been making a complaint, could almost have been talking.
‘Beautiful, ain’t it?’ the giant said with a blissful smile.
‘Is it always so sad?’ Luna asked 
The giant shook his head.
‘It didn’t as used to be; but these days, as as when I hears it, it does seem a trifle sad, yeah.’
‘Are you sure that would be the princess’s magical gift?’
Carefully picking out the melody drifting towards her on the wind, Luna tried to work out where it might be emanating from. She peered roughly in the direction she believed it was coming from, tried to pick out the minute details of the land lying far beyond the edges of the thick mass of dark trees – and yes, there did seem to be a small, lonely building, perhaps a smithy, lying at a crossroads on a bleak moor. 
‘I mean,’ Luna continued, ‘it doesn’t seem very magical: a violin.’
The giant pondered this, raised a finger as if about to answer – then, dropping the finger once more, bemusedly frowned.
‘That’s as being a very good point you have there, miss. Then again, its music does as carry a surprisingly long way; and it is as the most beautiful playing as I’ve ever heard. So that might be it!’


*


Chapter 16

Riding on the back of the magical horse the giant had loaned them, Luna and Rouger covered more ground in each hour than they probably would have throughout a whole day’s walk.
The horse wasn’t magical in the speed it could attain, but in the weight it could carry. Naturally, the giant required an exceptionally strong horse to carry him. Not that he had ever been able to ride it, of course, as he remained unable to continually keep his feet lifted off the ground, or maintain balance as he sat on the small saddle.
Even so, the horse had been startled when Rouger had leapt onto its back. It had looked as if it would rear and throw Rouger until the giant, unaware of his horse’s problems with Rouger, tenderly picked up and placed Luna in the saddle.
Satisfied at last – and after a few quick yet grateful goodbyes and thanks to the giant – the horse had set off at an easy gallop. Once it had got into its stride, the horse didn’t seem to tire at all, maintaining its effortless pace mile after swiftly passing mile.
They rode on through the night, Luna and Rouger sleeping, confident that the horse would carry them safely along the narrow, winding path. Luna would have slept like this until morning, but she was woken by the harsh, overly-excited barking of dogs.
Rouger had woken too. The hounds, like them, were hurtling through the woods at great speed. There were also lots of them, running together in a great pack.
Now and again, Luna and Rouger caught a glimpse of the racing pack. There were riders amongst them too, the frequent wail of a hunting horn.
A hunt? In the middle of the night?
Luna looked back over her shoulder towards Rouger, exchanging curious, anxious glances with him. 
Like the dogs, the night riders sometimes swung close towards them, directed this way by dangerously hanging branches. The riders grinned, tipped a hat in greeting; then swung back into the main bulk of the hunt as soon as the trees allowed them to.
They leapt fallen trunks or deep hollows with ease. They avoided branches as if with not just the most amazing sight, but also the most incredible foresight.
On the narrow path they themselves were following, Luna noticed, the trees and branches came in wickedly and dangerously close on either side of them. Off the path, the trees must be even more treacherous.
She wouldn’t like to walk through those parts of the woods on a dark night like this, let alone charge through it in pursuit of some wild animal.
Yet rather than slowing, the hunt rapidly picked up speed. It rushed through the surrounding woods as if it were as insubstantial, as unstoppably powerful, as a surging current of flood water. The riders and hounds even glowed now and again like water struck by moonlight. 
Even on their magical horse, Luna and Rouger couldn’t hope to keep pace with the swiftly moving hunt. The crashing and cracking of undergrowth being relentlessly pummelled beneath pounding hooves, the yelps and howls of the hounds, the blare of the horns; it was all happening at the most ridiculously dangerous speed.
Amongst the mass of dark branches whirling past them on either side at terrifying speed, Luna spotted now and again the brightest flash of white. She peered hard at it, wondering at its incredible brightness: the way it shone like a moon descended to Earth.
And suddenly, she knew who it was – the Fay Queen.


*


Chapter 17

Magnificent as ever, the Fay Queen swung towards them as they all precariously hurtled through the maze-like woods.
She calmly looked their way, chuckled mischievously, taunting them with her nearness. Her mount snorted arrogantly, as if impatient to be given free rein. 
Suddenly, the Fay Queen spurred her horse on: and rider and mount spurted forward as if they previously hadn’t been moving, a ridiculously unworldly extra burst of speed.
The Fay Queen weaved in and out of the overhanging branches as if she knew, perhaps even controlled, the positon of every single one of them. She caught up with and merged in with the rest of the hunt, becoming a bright white flash amongst so many other eerily glowing riders and hounds.
Soon even all this began to fade, the glimmering lights becoming indistinguishable from the reflected sheen on countless stems. The cacophony of sound drifted away into nothing more than the unintentional cracking of branches by nocturnal beasts. 
The hunt abruptly became a bizarre memory in Luna and Rouger’s minds that they could easily have doubted, wondering if such a strange hunt could ever really have taken place.
As if to create an ever greater distance between the now vanished hunt and themselves, their own horse began to slow until it could manage no more than a pained walk.
Rouger suddenly slipped off the horse’s back, running back along the path for a brief moment. He returned holding a badly deteriorated horseshoe.
‘I thought I’d seen this glittering back there,’ he said with an apprehensive glower. ‘It’s in a terrible state: that giant certainly didn’t know anything about shoeing horses, did he?’
Swinging a leg wide, Luna dropped out of the saddle. She was frustrated, naturally, that they’d been so close to achieving their goal of finding the Fay Queen; but the responsibility for their failure couldn’t be placed on the backs of either the horse or the giant. 
‘Luckily, we’re heading for a smithy anyway,’ she said. ‘We’ll just have to walk a bit, that’s all.’
Rouger was bending low by the horse, checking all the other hooves one by one. 
‘They’re all worn! Like that stupid giant never had them changed, even once!’
Once again, Luna found herself wondering why Rouger was so rude and ungrateful. The giant had loaned them the horse, after all. He probably wasn’t to know that the shoes were in such a terrible state.
‘The horse has still got us farther than we could have hoped to travel,’ she pointed out. ‘As I said, we’ve just got to walk for a while; that’s all.’
Rouger glanced about them worriedly, taking in the frighteningly eerie darkness of the surrounding woods.
‘And if that weird hunt shows up again, Luna? What do we do if they decide we’d make for a nice night-time hunt, do you think?’


*


Chapter 18

As they walked, the horse clomping wearily alongside them, the woods seemed darker than ever. 
When they had been moving swiftly, relying on the horse to lead the way, they hadn’t had to pay much attention to their forbidding surroundings.
Every now and again, either Luna or Rouger would peer into the enveloping darkness, or cock a head as they tried to clarify a sound they believed they’d heard. They were constantly on the lookout for any signs of a returning hunt.
They were both tired, but only Luna was hungry. Or, rather, Rouger took the risk of assuaging his own hunger by carelessly grasping any dangling bunch of berries they passed, feeding them into his mouth of crushed berries without a care.
Naturally, Luna had to be more circumspect; she couldn’t eat any berries unless she knew for sure that they wouldn’t cause her any harm. In this darkness, in this strange wood, she couldn’t be sure that anything around would be safe to eat.
Luna wondered just how safe it was, in fact, for Rouger to continue to eat the berries. 
He seemed less plant-like than he had been when she had first created him, gradually taking on what she hoped were more human qualities. His skin of woven stems, for instance, was becoming less obviously a wickerwork, everything merging and blending into one another, becoming smoother and softer looking. His hair was now less like shredded stems and more like real hair, being in some parts much finer. The more distinctly plant-like parts of the face, too, were merging, smoothing out, even his mouth of berries now far more lip-like than it had originally appeared.
Luna hoped that as he became more like the real Rouger, his fragile temper would smooth out too.
As she considered this, there was a loud crashing of snapping branches deep in the darkness of the woods. It was a rider, careering through the wilder parts of the wood as if racing along an easily followed or familiar path.
Both Luna and Rouger, as one, came to an abrupt halt, stilling and quietening their own horse. Although Luna hoped it was the returning Fay Queen, she recognised that she also feared it might be the returning hunt: as Rouger had pointed out, they might be the next ones the hunt turned their dogs on.
The swiftly approaching rider glowed around his edges with a ghostly white but – Luna was sure – this was purely down to what little shards of the moonlight penetrated the thickly woven branches of the wood. For a moment, it seemed that the rider would storm straight through them – but he suddenly veered off, avoiding a practically thickly congested clump of trees and plunging instead through the undergrowth lying just alongside them.
It was girl, a young girl, Luna thought, although admitting to herself that it was such a brief glimpse she’d had of the rider that she could never swear on it. The girl was leaning low into her saddle, urging her mount on to ever greater bursts of speed. She was going much faster than any horse Luna had even seen, including the incredibly swiftly moving mounts of the hunt and even the Fay Queen.
In the blink of an eye, the girl had vanished into the darkness, the sounds of her wildly crashing ride fading away to nothing but silence only seconds later.
Rouger anxiously glanced Luna’s way.
‘Let’s get out of these woods as soon as we can, Luna!’


* 


When they finally cleared the edge of the woods, it was still night, as if it had decided to stay on longer than it was normally allowed to.
Free of the muting effects of the tightly packed trees, Luna could once again pick up the mournful strains of the violin. Far ahead of them, much farther along the road they were on and situated deeper within the bleak moor, she could also see a fiery glow: the flames of the blacksmith’s raging furnace.
If she listened carefully, Luna could hear the distant clang of metal being pounded and shaped by hammer and anvil. But she didn’t need to listen carefully at all to hear the pounding of the hooves of a rapidly approaching horse.
As the rider rushed towards them along the road leading from the far off smithy, he became ever more definable in the darkness, the moon suffusing him in her ghostly, silvery glow. The horse snorted, neighed, as if his own urgent haste wasn’t satisfactorily fast enough for him. 
Luna soon realised that it was the young girl they had seen ferociously racing past them earlier. By the stern set of her face, her low lean into the saddle, the refusal to lessen her furious pace even slightly, it appeared that she would almost obliviously rush past them once more.
As she drew closer however, as if experiencing a sudden change of mind, she reined in her mount to a high-rearing halt.
‘You’re heading to the smithy?’ she cried out irritably, observing their limping horse. ‘Don’t either of you realise just how dangerous that is?’


*


Chapter 19

‘We don’t have any choice,’ Luna explained to the appalled girl. ‘Every shoe needs replacing.’
‘Better to walk than visit the Devil’s blacksmith,’ the girl replied, fighting to calm her excitedly cavorting horse.
The horse snorted in protest at having being so rudely halted. He seemed eager to be off once again.
‘Devil’s blacksmith?’ Rouger repeated curiously. ‘That’s just a name, surely?’ he added uncertainly.
‘Hah, if only everyone round here thought it was simply quaint to name a blacksmith in such a way,’ the young girl snapped scornfully. ‘We travel miles to have our horses shod, rather than risk using him; especially on a night like this.’
‘Surely this blacksmith can’t be that bad!’ Rouger chuckled.
‘The blacksmith’s fine: you’re real problem is if his best customer calls. That’s why he’s called the Devil’s blacksmith!’
 ‘We have to risk calling in anyway,’ Luna said. ‘I’m hoping the blacksmith can recall something about the visit of a princess that might lead us to her.’ 
‘So be it: but don’t go getting your horse shod! That’s part of the smithy’s trickery, see, the way your horse’s shoes have simply worn away so quickly.’
She fleetingly pointed towards their limping horse, the worn shoe in Rouger’s hand.
‘People who regularly ride around here pay for fairy enchantments to protect their horse’s shoes against the magic that causes them to rapidly deteriorate. If you’ve heard the tale of the princess, then you know there’s a high price to pay for the blacksmith’s skills.’
The girl had at last managed to still her horse. Even so, it continued to snort impatiently. 
‘I’m sure there’s better ways of finding this princess,’ the girl insisted.
‘To be honest, it’s not the princess we really need to find: it’s the Fay Queen.’
The girl laughed bitterly.
‘Then all you seem to enjoy doing is seeking out danger, if you ask me! I’d make sure I’d avoid coming across the Fay Queen more than I’d avoid the smithy! A pretty young girl like you: she’d snap you up as soon as look at you!’
‘I’ve met with her twice now, and she didn’t “snap me up”: even the once! She took instead a friend of mine – a boy.’
‘A boy? Seriously?’
The girl seemed genuinely puzzled by this revelation.
‘I’m trying to rescue him,’ Luna added
‘Well, good luck with that!’ The girl laughed bitterly once more. ‘Perhaps I need to give you a more detailed warning about what you’re really seeking! About what you’re letting yourself in for.’


*


Chapter 20

The Devil’s Own Shoes

A girl’s first pony is quite often the one she will always love most above all others.
And so it was with June, who had even named her very first pony Juniper, as it bore similarities to her own name.
As Juniper aged to the point where she struggled to support June, however, the girl refused to sell her. Instead, she insisted on constantly searching for ways to keep her old but dearly loved horse healthy through special exercise, diets, and (oh, if only she could afford it!) fairy enchantments.
Naturally, although she enjoyed caring for Juniper, she missed the thrill of going out riding with her friend, April. 
April, too, missed riding with June. And so one day, she arrived at June’s stable with a beautiful horse in tow, one she had borrowed from an old woman who had insisted it needed exercising: for she, of course, being so old, could no longer take her beloved mount out for the swift country runs it relished.
June bit her lip, feeling guilty that she was eyeing the wonderfully athletic horse with longing. She lusted to be in the saddle once more, racing over hills and hollows as if flying through the air. 
She glanced back at Juniper with an apologetically wry pursing of her lips: then lithely slipped into the saddle of the impatiently waiting horse.


* 


Hurtling across the fields and through the woodlands was even better than she had remembered. 
It was like being in a glorious dream. She wanted to ride and ride, to ride for ever.
Even as the sun set, she refused to rein in her wonderful mount. April was increasingly finding it hard to keep up with her. It was as if the old woman’s horse was tireless or, at the very least, like June had missed the thrill of racing headlong across the landscape, and was now making up for lost time.
As the two riders raced, they were joined by a third rider. 
The new rider was impossibly beautiful, her gloriously white mount even more gracefully athletic than June’s impressive steed. 
The woman said nothing however, not even a word of greeting. She simply drew up alongside the two girls, grinning in excitement, challenging them to keep up with her by merely urging her horse on and on into ever greater bursts of speed.
They passed farmers, who complained at their carelessness, the destruction of their crops.
They passed shepherds, who bewailed the sudden scaring and fleeing of their carefully herded sheep.
They passed poachers, who bemoaned the frightening off of painstakingly tracked game, the premature setting off of carefully set traps.
April’s horse couldn’t keep up with this furious pace. April was frightened that her horse might end up lame, or they might both fall as they tired. The jumping over fallen trunks, the ducking beneath overhanging branches, was becoming ever more difficult to keep up. She began to fall back, calling out to her friend to slow down before any of them had an accident.
But June and her own mount were caught up in the fabulous thrill of the chase. They were only spurred on to greater efforts as the white-clad woman increased her own already furious speed. 
At last, April realised she would have to rein in her own, fully blown horse to a complete stop. It was only as she fell way back behind her friend and the woman that it dawned on her that they hadn’t been riding alone after all: for all around them, there were other riders, and a large pack of hounds. It was a gloriously, rabidly aggressive hunt, glowing in the moonlight’s sheen like so many ghosts.

 
*


Naturally, April thought nothing of it when she returned home and June wasn’t there.
She had seen how excited her friend had been: how caught up in the thrill of the chase, the joy of the race, she had been.
Of course, she had heard stories as a child of the Fay Queen, the Queen of The May: but surely, she thought, no such ridiculously mythical figure could ever come between two such close friends?
By next morning, when there was still no sign of June or the horse, she began at last to recognise that her friend had been abducted by the fairies.
Yet no one else she talked to, when asking questions she hoped would lead her to discovering where her friend might be, recalled seeing or hearing any raucous hunt the previous night.
Yes, of course farmers, shepherds and poachers had all seen the two girls ferociously riding across the countryside; but they were on their own. 
There had never been any other rider with them.
No one, either, had seen anything of an old woman, accompanied by a magnificent horse.
April gasped in dismay.
She had helped the Fay Queen take and vanish completely away with her friend.


*


All April’s questions and enquiries regarding what might have happened to her friend resulted in the same shrugging of shoulders, the same speculation that June had obviously been taken by the Fay Queen. April soon realised that the only hope she had of finding her friend revolved around fairy magic.
Unfortunately, like June, she couldn’t afford the high cost of utilising fairy enchantments in her quest. She would have to head, rather, for the place where it was commonly held that you should always avoid: precisely because it was known to be a place of terrible magic 
Even as she approached the smithy from the edges of the darkened moor, she could see the furnace blazing like the mouth of hell.
She could also hear the clanging of hammer on metal, a sound that could so easily be the forging of the chains that hold the souls in servitude.
All around her, the moor was as black as the coal that powered the Devil’s furnaces.
It was only at night time when the blacksmith worked on his most magical constructs.
He shod the Devil’s horses. If he knew the Devil, he might also know the Fay Queen.
He might, too, shoe the Fay Queen’s horses.
As April drew ever closer towards the fiery furnace, she heard a wailing, mournful tune being played on a violin.
She also heard people talking.
Two people.
One of the voices had the gruff, slow tones of an ancient man.
And the other was that of a young girl.


*


Dismounting her horse, tying him up to one of the rails that stood outside for precisely this reason, April entered the smithy.
Almost instantly, the voice of the girl vanished, disappearing in mid sentence. The violin playing continued, however, its strains sad, melancholy. 
The blacksmith was working on his anvil, creating the magical horseshoes for the Devil’s fabulously dark mounts.
There was no one else with him.
The violin hovered in the air above a chair, its bow and strings trembling as if being played by a particularly accomplished yet invisible musician.
The blacksmith glanced up as April entered. He grinned, wiped the sweat from his brow with a briefly raised forearm.
‘Evening, young missy,’ he said, the voice hard and harsh but full of welcome.
 The violin continued to play. It had to be magical, of course. No normal violin could survive in this intense heat: its varnish would have melted, its wood spontaneously combusting.
The glow from the furnace covered everything in a bloody sheen. April had no real idea of what hell must look like, but this was surely close to the reality.
Even so, the blacksmith seemed surprisingly friendly to her.
‘I’m…I’m sorry to disturb you,’ she began hesitantly, ‘but I was wondering…wondering if you’d seen a beautiful woman pass this way?’
‘Well, to my mind, young missy, this description of a beautiful woman could refer to most women I know.’
‘Well…well this particular woman took a friend of mine…’
‘Hah, that woman, right?’
He grinned. He’d stopped off from his work now, holding his tongs and hammer down by each side of his massively muscular bulk.
‘You do know her?’
‘Aye, course I know her. And I’ve seen this new girl out riding with her too, who I’m guessing is your friend. But it don’t look much to me like this friend of yours is being dragged off unwillingly: she enjoys her night rides as much as the Fay Queen herself, from what I’ve seen.’
‘Ah, my friend only vanished last nigh–’
‘Only last night to you, young missy. For those in the Fay Queen’s realm, however, it could be a month, a year; or maybe even less than one second.’
‘Then if she’s enjoying it, like you say, she can only be enchanted–’
‘Enchanted’s the right word, young missy. She enjoys every second of riding like the wind over those hills and–’
‘Oh, please stop it, Volund! You know full well what the poor girl means!’
It was the girl’s voice once again, yet no one had entered the room.
The violin had stopped playing. It now hung in the air in an upright position. Its strings still quaked and shivered however, for this was where the girl’s voice was coming from.
‘Of course the girl’s friend has been charmed; if not magically, then by the new life she’s been offered!’
The smith turned to theatrically glare at the hovering violin.
‘I thought you said you didn’t want anyone to know you could talk!’ he said good-naturedly.
‘Well, what have we been talking about recently but how nice it is to help people in trouble? And here’s an opportunity for you to show our little chats have changed you for the better – as you claim – by helping this poor girl!’
The smith shrugged, raised his eyebrows as if being lectured to by an overly dominant wife.
‘All right, all right: if you wait on your horse outside, young missy,’ he said, indicating the door lying behind April with a dismissive wave, ‘you’ll see the hunt go past–’
‘Volund!’
‘What now?’
‘You know full well that the poor girl’s horse would have absolutely no chance of keeping up with the hunt in full flow!’
‘That’s true,’ April agreed, recalling the way the hunt had easily left her behind.
‘Well of course!’ the blacksmith stated emphatically. ‘But what horse could keep up, unless…’
His voice faded away, as if regretting even beginning his sentence.
‘Unless what?’ 
The violin asked the question as if already aware of the answer.
‘It would be too dangerous!’ the blacksmith declared, shaking his head miserably.
‘I’m prepared to risk it!’ April blurted out, even before she had any real idea what this dangerous action might fully entail.
‘I meant dangerous for me!’ 
‘Volund…’
The violin managed to make his name sound like the most terrible admonishment.
The blacksmith shrugged resignedly. 
‘I’ll have to shoe your horse,’ he said.
With a raised hammer, he indicated a number of ancient, worn horseshoes fixed to one of the walls.
In the light of the furnace, they appeared to glow as if made of fire.
‘Those old tatty things…?’ 
April thought he must still be playing some awful joke on her.
‘Old and tatty they might be, young missy,’ the blacksmith commented as he strode over to the wall and took the shoes down, ‘but that’s only because they’ve had a lot of use – the Devil’s use!’


*


April had feared that shoeing her horse with the flaming shoes – for they did indeed blaze with their own fire, not with a reflected glow as she had first supposed – would cause him to rear fearfully. Under the blacksmith’s tender, expert hands, however, the horse remained strangely placid.
‘They retain some of the Devil’s own power,’ the smith explained as he hammered the nails home. ‘Though I’m not sure even he realises that, thankfully.’
It was only then that April realised they weren’t horseshoes after all.
They were used to shoe the Devil’s own hooves.
They were the Devil’s own shoes. 


* 


Even at a slight canter, the flaming hooves lit up the road around her as April made her way into the woods.
She listened for sounds of the hunt.
For the baying of hounds. For the strained blaring of a horn. The thunder of hooves.
She didn’t have long to wait.
The hunt came tearing towards her through the thick weave of forest.
They tore up the thickets, the undergrowth, even small saplings. Nothing was allowed to stand in their way if it blocked their path, if it slowed down the ferocity of the chase.
What were they chasing?
April couldn’t see.
She didn’t know of any animal that moved that fast.
The riders laughed, they whooped, they cried out in utmost joy. Their mounts whinnied and snorted, crashing relentlessly through the snapping, crackling undergrowth, as if they were a raging fire. The pack flowed ahead of them all, a smoothly running stream of black and white, of elated yelping and howling.
As the hunt tore about her, April wheeled her own mount around – and joined in with the furious chase.


*


Through flooding rivers, through fields of corn, through seemingly impenetrable woods. Through quiet villages, through cobblestoned streets in deserted towns.
Over hills, over hedges, over walls, over hayricks, over houses.
The hunt charged on and on, crossing county after county.
Stagecoaches foolishly out at night reined to a halt in terror as the hunt passed before them. People threw open their windows to complain at the noise, at the idiots carelessly barging all over their rooftops: then instantly slammed their shutters shut, wishing they had never even woken.
The riders would leap from a church tower half jumping, half flying. They would leap onto a farm roof, soaring into the air as if weightless.
Their speed was frightening, impossible – unimaginably exhilarating.
Despite her excitement, April worried for her horse, wondered if she could keep up such an unbelievable pace. But her horse seemed every bit as elated as she was, eagerly bowing his neck into the run, neighing with pleasure as he soared over obstacle after obstacle.
His hooves flared, sparked. Behind him, he left blazing hoofprints in the soil, even the streams. Hayricks set alight, thatched roofs of cottages smouldered, ancient wooden bridges burnt as if they were bonfires straddling rivers.
‘Tut tut: you really are such a trouble causer, aren’t you?’
The Fay Queen was effortlessly galloping alongside April, mocking her with a malicious grin, a highly amused glint in her eyes. Her great white horse pounded the ground, the roof tiles, the waters of the rivers.
Everything was flashing by so quickly now. The Fay Queen slipped slightly to one side, allowing April a clearer view of the rest of the hunt.
And there, at last; April spied June. 
June was riding as April was: abandoning any sense of care, of reason. June urged her own mount on pell-mell, uncaring of the consequences. She was oblivious to April’s presence, her focus being only on the hunt, on the prey that ran so far ahead of them all.
‘All this noise!’ the Fay Queen cried out over the thundering hooves, the baying pack. ‘We could wake up the Devil himself, don’t you think April?’
She laughed, gave a nod of her head to indicate a field way beyond the very front of the hunt; and April saw at last who they were chasing.
His hooves flashed, as if made of fire. 
He laughed, enjoying the chase, enjoying leading them all a merry dance.
His teeth glowed, his eyes glowed, glowed as if made of fire.
The Devil was having a wonderful time.


*


‘You do know,’ the Fay Queen said calmly to April, now riding directly alongside her once more, ‘that if the hounds catch you, they’ll make a tasty meal of that pretty little horse of yours?’
‘But they’re not–’
‘The Devil take the hindmost!’ the Fay Queen chortled mischievously; and suddenly, she was no longer alongside April.
But then, neither was the hunt.
The hunt was now way behind April.
And she had taken the place of the Devil as the hunt’s sought-after prey.


*


Unlike the Devil, of course, who had been enjoying the chase, April realised her own life – and that of her horse, Veras – was in danger.
She urged Veras on, bending low in her saddle and whispering in his ear that he had to run, run, run – run for our lives, Veras!
Although already maintaining an unbelievable pace, with a vigorously painful stretching of every limb Versa pushed himself even harder, dropping his head as he surged into a careering run. 
Like a blaze of liquid light, April and Veras flowed over hills, dipped through hollows, swept through woods.
Yet still the whooping, baying hunt was gaining on them. Soon the leading hounds of the pack were sliding around them through the undergrowth, like gathering sharks in a dark, shallow sea. Some snapped at Veras’s fiery heels, having no fear of the flames. 
April jumped in surprise as, with a clang and a burst of hot sparks, one of Veras’s ancient shoes fell away, rolling across the grass behind them like a fireball. April instantly felt the change in Veras’s ability to run, one leg dragging, now lacking the amazing power of the other three.
Versa whinnied in bewilderment and agony.
April pulled hard on the reins, bringing their ferocious gallop to an immediate halt. She couldn’t let Veras injure himself in this way.
Slipping down from the saddle, she slapped his flanks, told him to run, to get out of there before the ravenous pack caught up with them. 
As a terrified Veras all but vanished into the darkness, only its three flaming shoes now visible, April turned to face the circling pack.
How long would it be, she wondered, before they closed and tore her to pieces?
 

*


The pack might have surrounded April, but the chase for Veras hadn’t quite finished just yet. Huge numbers of the hounds simply surged past those encircling April, continuing their pursuit of the fleeing horse.
The riders amongst the hunt similarly either chose to continue their rampaging chase, or join those circling April. They eyed her with glints of amusement in their eyes, their faces ranging from little more than hollowed out skulls to bloated, demonic features.
Their expectant sniggering and cries stilled, quietened. A small space opened up in the surrounding circle they’d formed, the horses and even dogs obediently parting. From out of the darkness, the blazing shoe Veras had lost seemed to be making its way towards April, hovering in the air, the flames flickering only slightly in the wind.
As the flaming shoe drew closer, April made out in its surrounding red glow that it was being casually held in the hand of a towering, dark figure.
‘These are my shoes, I think!’ the Devil stormed irately as he continued to stride ever closer towards April, entering the circle of huntsmen, letting it close once more behind him. ‘I trust you’re intending to let me have them all back!’
‘Yes, yes, of course,’ April said, trying to control her fear, her quaking voice. ‘But please don’t harm my horse, he–’
‘Yes, yes, yes: he didn’t know. He’s innocent. I have heard excuses like this so many times, you know?’
‘Well, in this case, it’s true!’ April insisted as adamantly as she could manage. ‘It’s all my fault, not his! I took them because I wanted to rescue my friend from the clutches of the Fay Queen!’
The Devil chuckled.
‘Ah, so the queen’s up to her old tricks again, is she?’
As he spoke, three hounds entered the circle, each carrying something ablaze in its mouth.
‘There they are!’ the Devil said with relish.
A horrified April breathed in deeply as the dogs casually dropped the flaming shoes by the Devil’s feet. 
‘Oh, don’t worry,’ the Devil said as his dogs happily scampered back towards the rest of the hellish pack. ‘It’s only the shoes they were after! 
‘Thank you, I thought, I–’
‘I know what you thought.’ 
The Devil eyed her slyly, his head cocked, his eyes narrowed. 
‘We’d do anything, wouldn’t we, to get back what we think is rightfully ours? And the question is, my dear April, what would you give to get your friend back?’


*


April woke up in bed in a sweat.
What a dreadful nightmare she’d had.
Rising quickly, she ran outside. Veras was tethered in the nearby field, lazily munching the grass. Swiftly saddling him up, she set off at the fastest gallop Veras could manage, heading for June’s house.
June was there, tending her old pony. 
April chuckled at her own foolishness: her dream had all seemed so incredibly real!
She slipped down from her saddle. She wanted to wrap her arms about her friend and hug her ever so tightly, to tell her she was glad to have her back – but how ridiculous would that look?
As June looked up from distributing the feed for her pony, she smiled warmly as she spotted April striding towards her.
Rising up from her kneeling position, June excitedly ran over to April, joyously wrapping her arms about her friend and hugging her ever so tightly.
‘Oh April, April,’ June wailed tearfully. ‘Whatever did you promise to free me from the Fay Queen, you silly fool?’


*


As promised, April rode out to the smithy that very night.
How did one pay a debt with one’s soul? she wondered morosely.
Around her, slinking silently in the darkness, she caught the odd glimpse of the encircling hounds. No doubt they were there, she reasoned, to ensure she kept her promise.
The furnace glowed. The metal clanged. The violin played, it seemed to April, even more mournfully than before.
Once again, April could hear talking in the smithy as she tied Veras up outside.
It was, once again too, a man and a young woman. This time, however, the young woman was complaining.
‘…since when is trading my girl for yours a fair deal? There are rules, regulations, regarding such things you know!’
‘But my rules trump yours I believe, my dear!’
April recognised the highly amused tones of the Devil. So he had arrived here to accept her payment.
She walked into the smithy. As when she had walked in before, the blacksmith was working his glowing metals over the great anvil, while the violin was hovering above the chair, magically playing its sad tunes.
This time, however, there were two further visitors in the smithy; the Devil and the Fay Queen.
They grinned a malicious welcome as April strode towards them. The blacksmith kept his eyes on his work, too ashamed to look April’s way. Like the music emanating from the violin, he appeared sad, melancholy – beaten.
Outside, the cobblestones rattled to the clump of tiredly placed hooves. Everyone exchanged puzzled glances; no one, it seemed, had been expecting this extra visitor.
June confidently strode into the red glow of the smithy, speaking before anyone else had a chance to.
‘April, I can’t let you do this for me! I enjoyed being with the Fay Queen! It was fun, exciting: more wonderful than anything I’ve ever done in my life!’
The Fay Queen made sure that April had no time to protest.
‘Hah, I think that trumps your rules!’ she exclaimed, glowering triumphantly at the Devil. ‘She’s here of her own free will!’ 
‘Oh come now,’ the Devil calmly retorted. ‘You haven’t even tried to make the poor girl aware of the consequences!’
‘Consequences?’ April repeated anxiously.
‘The secret of the Fay Queen’s youth and beauty,’ the smith replied, at last setting down his hammer and tongs and looking June’s way. ‘Whenever she chooses her moment, you’ll find your own youth vanishing in the blink of an eye. The Fay Queen would absorb it all, make it her own: while you would be absorbing only what little youth she still held within her from her last victim.’
‘You see, June, you can’t–’
‘I don’t care!’ June interrupted her friend’s cry with a determined declaration of her own. ‘I’ll even sign whatever I have to–’
With a flourish, the Fay Queen produced a document of vellum, a quill pen, already dripping with ink.
‘Well decided, my girl!’ she trilled elatedly.
‘This can’t be allowed–’
‘Sign it!’ 
Only the Fay Queen would dare cut the Devil short. 
‘Sign this, and the Devil’s deal with your friend is cancelled!’ the Fay Queen promised as June signed the document placed in front of her. ‘Because, of course, he hasn’t fulfilled his own end of the bargain!’
As she talked, she handed the signed document to the blacksmith. He sealed it with a clang of iron on iron, an irate hiss of fire being doused in water. 
June’s name glowed on the document as if it were a fiery trail.
The Fay Queen smiled with immense satisfaction.
‘You know,’ she said with a doubtful, displeased frown as she caressed her own cheek, ‘I think I’ll take full payment right now, if you don’t mind?’
In the furnace’s bloody haze, her face began to change. She smiled in satisfaction, sensing the absorbing of another’s youth.
About her, everyone stared at her first in surprise, then growing horror.
‘What’s wrong, what’s happening?’ she asked fearfully. 
But she already sensed what was wrong.
She was feeling weary, not more energetic.
Her back was bending, not straightening with a new-found confidence.
Her skin was wrinkling, not blending into a wonderful smoothness.
‘I’m…I’m growing older!’ she wailed, glaring at an unchanging June with loathing and fear. ‘What have you done?’
She stumbled, her walking difficult, uncoordinated and painful.
‘Whatever she’s done, my dear,’ the Devil chuckled wickedly, ‘it seems all our contracts have been fulfilled.’
With a wave of his hands, he gave the two girls permission to leave. Taking their chance, they whirled on their feet, and fled towards the door. 
‘Oh, don’t be so dramatic, my dear!’ they heard the Devil admonishing the Fay Queen as they rushed outside. ‘You’ll soon find some other poor girl to restore your youth!’
Outside, April was surprised to see that Veras was tethered next to a young horse, not June’s old pony Juniper as she’d expected.
‘What did you do?’ she asked her friend as they deftly slipped into their saddles.
June grinned as they turned their horses around and set them into a gallop for home.
‘The Fay Queen thought I was signing my youth away,’ she explained. ‘But the name I’d really put down was “Jun Iper”.’
‘Ride, ride, ride!’ the girls yelled out gleefully to Veras and a now youthful Juniper as they galloped out into the surrounding darkness. ‘Ride, ride for our lives!’


*


Chapter 21

As the girl finished her tale, she offered no clue as to her own identity; whether she was April or June, or perhaps none of the girls involved in the story at all. 
‘This Fay Queen sounds even more dangerous than I’d first thought,’ Luna admitted with an apprehensive curling of a lip. ‘But I have to find her: and waiting around these woods or the smithy sounds an ideal place to be to come across her passing hunt.’
The girl shook her head in disagreement.
‘After the humiliation she suffered, she no longer hunts around here. Powerful people like the Fay Queen or the Devil don’t like being reminded of any time they displayed a weakness.’
‘But we saw the hunt pass by here only last night!’ Rouger protested.
‘It might have been last night to you, but it could have been a thousand years ago as far as the Fay Queen’s concerned. She isn’t constrained by time the way you are. People mistakenly think of eternity as being endless time; but time has no effect at all, nor can there be any cause  – for the things we believe happened before also happened later, while the later things actually also came before.’
‘But, then, surely…’ Rouger began uncertainly, trying to work out the best way to explain what he was thinking, ‘surely that means she could still show up here; even though she no longer comes here?’
Even as he tried to explain his thoughts, he pulled a bewildered expression.
‘Does that make sense?’ he wondered, looking to Luna for confirmation that it did.
‘It’s doubtful she’ll show up again,’ the girl answered. ‘Besides, to catch up with her in the full flow of a hunt, you’d also need the Devil’s shoes: and the blacksmith will never be loaning those out again! As I’ve heard it, he was seriously punished for the last time he did it.’
‘Perhaps, then,’ Luna said thoughtfully, ‘this talking violin could tell us how to reach the princess’s tower; I mean, with it originally belonging to the princess?’
She glanced Rouger’s way to see if he agreed with her.
‘No matter which way you look at it,’ Rouger said dolefully, looking down at their poorly shod horse, ‘we’re going to have to risk going into this Devil’s smithy!’


*


Chapter 22

The violin’s tunes sounded sadder than ever as Luna and Rouger entered the smithy.
As the girl had described in her tale, the blacksmith was hard at work, doused in the furnace’s red glow as if made of fire himself. Nearby, on a chair, the violin hovered in the air, playing its mournful melodies.
The hammer clanged, metal on metal.
Yet far from making more shoes for the Devil, or even sword or plough blades, the blacksmith was painstakingly constructing an incredibly small key that seemed to be made of softly pliable mistletoe juice rather than solidly hard iron.
Along one wall, there hung a great many of these seductively glowing keys. 
Nearby, along an adjoining wall, there also hung a large number of larger, more ornate and yet strangely ancient looking keys. For some reason, they reminded Luna of the many times her mother had told of her father’s strange disappearance after his discovery of the ancient, craftily-wrought key. 
The forging of the small key seemed to require an amazing amount of concentration from the blacksmith; he still seemed unaware that Luna and Rouger had entered. It wasn’t until the violin stopped its playing that he at last glanced up and spied them waiting.
He tried to smile, yet it didn’t look as if his heart was in it.
‘You do realise,’ he said, ‘that any payment for work done here is–’
‘Yes, yes, we know,’ Rouger replied impetuously. ‘It has to be something magical.’
‘We don’t have anything magical to offer you, I’m afraid,’ Luna admitted. 
She glanced at the now silently hovering violin. As yet, the violin hadn’t made any attempt to speak; but then, hadn’t the girl’s tale explained how the violin didn’t like people to know it could talk?
‘I sense the magic in your horse outside,’ the blacksmith confidently declared.
‘It’s hardly worth us having it shod if we then have to hand it over as payment!’ Rouger frowned irately.
‘Beside, he’s not ours to so freely give away,’ Luna said far more calmly.
‘Then I’m not sure what I can do for you.’ The blacksmith smiled sadly once more.
‘I wonder,’ Luna began hopefully, ‘if we could just talk to your violin for a–’
‘She doesn’t talk!’
The blacksmith’s demeanour had instantly changed to one of anger.
‘I’m sorry, it’s just that we’d heard–’
‘Heard she could talk? I don’t know who’s going around telling such tales! I assure you, she cannot talk!’
As he spoke, however, the violin began playing once more. It seemed to Luna to be trying to calm the blacksmith down, to placate him. It was almost as if the violin was indeed attempting to talk: is this what the girl had really meant? That the violin could only talk through its music? 
At least the violin’s attempts at speaking had the desired effect: the blacksmith calmed down. He glanced at the violin as if he had indeed been admonished by its music.
‘I’m sorry,’ the blacksmith stated sorrowfully, his back bowed, his implements now held limply by his sides. ‘But, you see, both you and me, we’re both right in our way; she could talk, but not anymore.’
Had this been the Devil’s punishment? Luna wondered. It had been the violin, after all, who had persuaded the smith to loan out the Devil’s shoes.
‘We could take her with us,’ Luna offered, having noticed that the smith always referred to the violin as ‘she’, not ‘it’. ‘Take her somewhere to be repaired.’
‘I don’t see ho–’
The smith’s protest was cut off by the violin as, once again, it hovered in the air playing music full of short, sharp bursts of emotion. It was an effect similar to a man or woman trying to talk through a gag, using the rise and fall of tones as opposed to individual words.
The smith listened to the violin, his brow furrowing as he tried to make sense of what the violin might be attempting to say.
‘I think she agrees,’ he said unsurely, to be rewarded by a burst of brightly joyful chords from the violin.
He obviously took this to be a sure sign that she agreed with his statement.
‘She’d have to give you directions to where she was made,’ he said, adding with far less certainty, ‘Would you be able to follow her directions?’ 
‘We’ll make sure we do,’ Luna assured him, already contemplating the means by which the violin would be able to lead them, such as by sprightly playing a pleasant tune whenever they were heading the right way.
‘Then that’s your payment!’ the smith declared happily. ‘Bring in your horse, and let’s get him shod!’
Before anyone could change their mind, Rouger dashed out of the smithy, running to fetch their horse.
‘We might not be able to return…’ Luna hesitantly admitted to the smith.
‘If you can’t, you can’t.’ 
The smith was focusing now on preparing his tools, warming up the horseshoes in the furnace, working the bellows that made the furnace burn all the brighter and hotter.
‘Just as long as you help that poor girl.’
‘Girl?’ 
Luna was confused; they’d offered to ensure that a magical violin was repaired, not help a girl.
‘Oh yes,’ the smith replied brightly, working the bellows hard now. ‘The tales she had to tell, they made me see the errors of my way–’
‘Errors indeed, Voldun!’
Rouger had returned with the horse. 
But along with him, the Devil had also stepped into the smithy.


*


Chapter 23

‘Ah, well: perhaps I’ve gone and made another error, your lordship.’ 
The smith gave a determined grin as he hoisted up one of the horse’s hind legs between his own knees. His voice was muffled, as he already held the large nails he’d be using between his teeth
‘Seeing that as you weren’t around, I’ve already agreed payment.’
‘Oh, not to worry, Volund,’ the Devil replied amiably. ‘I’d only popped in to check on how things were, er, progressing, to be honest.’
He glanced with satisfaction at the keys lining the walls.
‘Now there’s lucky for these two young souls then,’ the smith grunted as he swiftly and deftly hammered the nails home into the horse’s hoof, ‘if you’re not in the mind for taking your more usual payment.’
The Devil regarded first Luna and then Rouger with a strange mix of curiosity and indifference.
‘Hmn, ever so tempting as it is, even I couldn’t possibly take in so much all at once. As for the boy; there’ll be more than enough there to recoup later.’
‘You won’t be getting anything from me!’ 
Rouger glowered defiantly at the Devil. The Devil simply smiled, amused by his presumption.
‘Are those…are those souls?’ 
Luna gazed, both awestruck and horrified, at the small keys fixed to the wall. She had recalled the way she had used the small key she had found to give life to Rouger.
The Devil grinned, highly amused once more.
‘A key’s of no use unless it has something to lock or unlock.’
‘Then…the key’s need a soul?’
Even as she said this, Luna doubted the wisdom of her statement. She had only needed the key when she’d created Rouger. She didn’t have any soul to either lock or unlock.
Rather than answering, the Devil nonchalantly glanced over his sholder at the wall full of the old, elaborately wrought keys.
‘I must say, Voldun,’ he said archly, drawing the smith’s attention to the old keys with a slight nod of his head, ‘I am a little disappointed there aren’t more of those to show for your work. They’re hardly difficult to make now, are they?’
As the smith grunted his disapproval at the reprimand, his mouth full once again with new nails as he prepared a new hoof to be shoed, the Devil turned back to face Luna. He had that knowing grin on his face once more, giving her the impression that the conversation had really been for her benefit, not the smith’s.
Taking in the incredible beauty of the old keys, the remarkable uniqueness of each one, Luna couldn’t understand how such delicate work could be the easiest to create.
The Devil raised his eyebrows expectantly, watching her ponder this. He smiled yet again when he saw her give up in frustrated bewilderment.
‘Finished!’ the smith declared with satisfaction, letting the last of the shod hooves clomp noisily to the ground.
‘Good, good,’ the Devil said cheerfully, his tone instantly changing to one of menacing command as he harshly declared, ‘I think that as you’re done here, it’s time to be on your way!’


*


Luna and Rouger soon found themselves travelling through villages and towns where few children were ever to be seen. 
Those children that were out and about tended to be with adults, rather than out playing with other children. And those of the latter kind only played in the close confines of a village or town green, in clear sight of occupied houses, rather than far away from everyone and out in the fields.
Even the children out playing in large groups were called in by worried parents as soon as the sun began to set. On an evening, houses were tightly shuttered. 
‘What’s going on around here? Are the children being stolen?’ Luna wondered out loud to Rouger.
The violin played a quick, sharply defined set of chords, her way of answering, ‘Yes!’
Whenever they had come to a fork in the road, or a crossroads, the violin had showed the way to take by playing a similar, swift little tune. Now that they were passing through these sad, terrified villages, however, even her more positive affirmations drifted into slightly melancholy tones. She therefore had to set these apart from any tune pointing out that this was the wrong way by making any negative melody truly dirge-like.
Were the vanishing children a sign that they were getting closer to where the Fay Queen lived?
Luna had asked the violin this very question, yet the poor girl – for, like the smith, Luna had begun to think of the violin purely in these terms – had seemed unable to answer confidently either way.
 The smith had left them a present in their saddlebags that Luna had only discovered a few days into their new journey.
She had seen it at first as a muted glow, only dimly shining through the canvas and worn leather of the bag at night. When she’d flipped the bag open, the glow had been bright, almost blinding, despite its small size and the way it had slipped into the dirt-filled corners.
It was a key; one of the minute, mistletoe-like keys that either locked or unlocked a soul.


*


Chapter 24

They had been walking alongside an incredibly wide river, seemingly impossible to cross, for over two days before they at last spotted a small town lying in the distance. 
From where they were, however, it wasn’t possible to tell which bank the town stood on, as the river regularly turned back upon itself. In fact, the closer they drew towards the town, the more confused they became as to where the town actually stood.
It was only when they were at last quite close to the town that they realised it was built on a great bridge spanning the river. The houses overhung the sides of the bridge, overhung each other too, connected here and there with elaborate walkways and smaller versions of the great mother bridge.
As they trotted across the bridge itself, it was like riding through the busy thoroughfare of a city, the elegant town houses looming over them, the smaller houses ranged on top of these. The arcades of shops, of water-powered workshops, either arched over them or protruded out across the raging waters. 
As in any busy town, there were travelling sellers of every kind wandering the main street and ascending the off-shooting pathways. Finely dressed gentlemen and ladies wandered languidly, the poorer types rushing around a little more, with less time to spare. 
Above the clatter and calls of the street, Luna was almost sure she could pick out a melody being played on another violin. She was about to tell the girl to ‘shush’, so she could listen more carefully; but before she could say anything, the violin picked up on her own tune, transforming it into an excitable trill.
It didn’t matter, however: for the other violin had also become more excited, louder. And other violins had joined in with the tunes too, some playing different melodies yet, somehow, making it all blend to become one wonderful piece of beautiful music.
Following the music, Luna and Rouger soon found themselves standing outside a small and remarkably old shop.
And the window was full of violins, all playing as if held by invisible musicians.


*


Chapter 25

The shop’s interior was suffused with the calming fragrances of polish, bees’ wax and the finest quality wood varnish.
The noise, though, was a cacophony of stirring string movements, of folk songs, and gypsy twirls. Every violin in the shop was excitedly playing.
In the midst of it all, a small man wearing a powdered wig was trying to calm them all. He had his back to the door, so had neither seen nor heard Luna and Rouger enter.
‘What’s wrong with you? Why are you all going craz–’
He started in surprise, peering over his shoulder cautiously, as if at last aware that Luna and Rouger were standing behind him.
His eyes lit up only on seeing the violin, however. He still didn’t really seem to notice either Luna or Rouger.
‘Natalie!’ he shrieked gleefully, throwing his arms up in the air as one would to greet a long-lost friend. ‘Natalie, my dear! I thought I’d heard you calling through all this dreadful din! No wonder all my children are so excited!’
At last, his eyes settled first on Luna, then Rouger. At last, too, the violins all calmed their playing, drifting instead into a slow, gentle melody that allowed the violinmaker to talk. 
‘And these are your lucky, lucky friends, I take it?’ he trilled, rewarding them both with a broad smile.
‘Natalie is one of my finest creations,’ he began in a rushed explanation before either Luna or Rouger could speak. ‘You’re so lucky to have her, I hope you realise that?’
He must have detected Luna’s anxiety in something about her expression, for he just as hurriedly added, ‘I do hope you find nothing amiss with her?’
Luna nodded sadly.
‘Yes, I’m sorry: but I’m afraid she longer talks.’
‘No longer – talks?’
The violinmaker said this as if he believed he might be the victim of some cruel attempt at a joke. Either that, or he was in the presence of someone who was a little simple.
He grinned, pleasantly yet warily.
‘I think, if you don’t mind me saying so, Miss, that someone’s been telling you tales…’ 
‘Please, I really have been reliably told that–’
‘Told, Miss? And – if I may be so bold – did you ever actually hear Natalie speaking yourself?’
‘Well, no, but I…’
Had she been made a fool of by both the smith and the girl?
But why would they do that?
She looked for Rouger, hoping for confirmation that she wasn’t going crazy. But he was no longer with her, for he was walking along the shelves, strolling contentedly past the now melodiously playing violins. 
However, Natalie was still alongside Luna. She dropped out of the tune she was playing with the others. Instead, she played one of the sharp little ditties Luna had come to recognise as a meaning she was saying the right thing.
Natalie had, in other words, indeed talked at some point in her past.
But then why would the violinmaker deny it?
‘Then is it possible,’ Luna asked, ‘that something like, say, a fairy enchantment might enable one of your violins to talk?’
The violinmaker appeared completely scandalised by such a suggestion.
‘Possible: yes! Advisable: not at all! I mean, it would entirely destroy the tone! Who would dare do such a terrible thing?’
Crestfallen, Luna quickly considered any other possibilities. There was one last hope, she realised, even though the man’s tone had already given her a firm idea of the reaction her question would probably elicit.
‘I don’t suppose…don’t suppose you know of any fairy who could–’
She winced as the man’s eyes opened wide in horror.
‘If you’re dissatisfied with one of my beautiful creations, then I’m willing to repurchase–’
‘No, no: sorry. Of course, that won’t be necessary.’
Rouger had made his way back alongside Luna. She noted that the violinmaker observed him with renewed interest, perhaps because he had finally noticed that Rouger wasn’t a real boy. 
At first glance, Rouger could now easily pass for a human, his facial features, skin, hair and moves all having completely altered over the preceding days. However, close up, when you took the time to carefully scrutinise him, you could make out the whorls of wood, of woven stems, along with traces of the leaves and berries he’d been originally formed from.
 Having noticed Rouger’s peculiarities, the violinmaker’s steady, curious gaze fell next on Luna. She felt, oddly, as if he were sizing her up, as if quickly taking in her weight, her entire makeup.
‘No, no; I’m sorry,’ the man abruptly pronounced. “I have been hasty! Quite obviously, you care dearly for Natalie. And so – look, it might not work, I’ll have to check with a dear friend of mind – but if you could drop by an hour later in the bakery just farther along from here? You can’t miss it; it lies above the next great watermill.’ 
He looked at them both expectantly as, with a pointing finger, he indicated the direction they would have to take.
Rouger appeared doubtful, even as if he wanted to be quickly away.
‘Yes, we’ll come by,’ Luna promised. ‘Thank you, thank you so much for trying to help, for understanding!’
The violinmaker waved a tearful goodbye to Natalie as they all finally exited the shop.
‘He’s lying,’ Rouger hissed as soon as the door closed behind them.
‘Lying? How do you know?’ asked Luna.
‘Because, Luna, one of the other violins told me he’s lying!’


*


Chapter 26

They could hear children happily paying in the small garden. They laughed as if chasing each other. As if playing leapfrog, or catching a ball.
They sounded like they were all enjoying themselves. 
And there were lots of them.
Far too many to be playing in such a minute garden.
And such a beautiful, flower-filled garden too.
Of course, they could be hiding amongst all those brightly coloured flowers.
But so many children?
Impossible!
Both Luna and Rouger were cautiously peering over a high wall running along the edge of the bridge. They were looking down into the small garden attached to a small cottage that was itself clinging to the very side of the bridge. 
The garden had been painstakingly formed on one of the V-shaped supports that guided the water beneath the bridge’s many arches. The soil had obviously been brought and spread out here, the flowers planted with loving care and expert design.
‘We need to get a better view,’ Rouger hissed, lithely clambering up onto the top of the wall. 
They had left their horse just outside of town, securely tethered in a field. Rouger now wished they had brought the horse with them, for it would have made his climb up the wall far easier if he’d been able to swing over from their mount’s back. 
The wall noisily protested, perhaps even more ancient than it looked and ready to crumble away beneath him. Fortunately, it was well supported, for the wall itself made up only a very small section of the bridge. What’s more, thick pillars adjoining it rose up into arches holding up the buildings that rose high above it.
As soon as Rouger had reached the wall’s top, however, the noise of the playing children abruptly vanished.
Now there was just the whistling of the wind, rushing through and beneath the arches; the rippling of the waters, crashing against the support’s sides.
The garden was one of small, neat borders, of climbing roses swooping over pathways as graceful arches. 
It wasn’t the type of garden any child was allowed in.
Rouger leapt down from the wall.
‘I’m sure this is the place the boy meant!’ he said only a little doubtfully.
He referred to the violin who had spoken to him as a boy, not a musical instrument. And it had been the boy who had told them to look for the small cottage with the pretty garden, as he didn’t have time to explain what was going on in the violin shop.
Yet what they had seen explained nothing. In fact, it simply made everything seem even more confusing. Natalie couldn’t help them either as they wondered what the boy had been expecting them to find there.
As they tried to make sense of what they were seeing and hearing, the old woman who owned the cottage returned from the baker’s, struggling with the large bags of flour she’d bought there. As she slipped through the door, Luna and Rouger quietly moved closer to the front of the cottage, where they would be able to watch the old woman through the windows.
The cottage only had one room. They could quite clearly see the woman place her bags of flour on a small table, then move to a blazing oven. 
From the oven, the old woman removed a tray of gingerbread men. 
Without even waiting for the gingerbread to cool, she opened the back door leading out to her garden: and Luna and Rouger watched in amazement as the old woman proceed to carefully plant every gingerbread man in the garden’s soil.


*


Chapter 27

As Luna and Rouger approached the baker’s, they could hear the steady churning of the great water wheel that powered the grinding stones of the attached mill. 
They realised they must be imagining it after their strange experience observing the cottage garden, but for a moment they both believed they could hear the gleefully mischievous whispering of children.
Even before entering the shop, its delicious smells enveloped them completely: the strangely warming fragrance of fresh bread, of pastries and cakes. Inside, however, everything was more tempting still, with the cherry fillings of pastries shining like rubies, the cream of cakes over-spilling as if made of fluffy clouds,
After their long journey, it should all have been an irresistible experience for Luna and Rouger. Yet they felt no hunger at all.
Rouger, despite his increasingly more human appearance, could still happily exist on his diet of berries found amongst the woodlands. Luna had suffered hunger pangs originally, yet had strangely found that her hunger gradually dissipated provided she ensured she was bathed in the moon’s light whenever they slept on a night. 
Perhaps stranger still, the moon’s light seemed to clothe her in an unexpected warmth, ensuring that sleeping out beneath the stars presented no problems for her. Similarly Rouger, being of the earth anyway, appeared to be in his element when sleeping out in the woods and fields.
‘Hah, here they are at last!’
The baker greeted them as if they were old friends, rubbing his hands as if preparing to grab and mould them as he moulded the dough for his creations. His skin, his build, was dough-like in itself, being pale and overly curvaceous.
The violinmaker was with him, holding a tray of the most delicious-looking pasties Luna had ever seen.
It was such a shame, in a way, that she wasn’t the slightest bit hungry.
The violinmaker’s beaming smile changed to one of puzzlement, perhaps even frustration, when both Luna and Rouger refused his offer of the gloriously prepared pastries.
‘So white, so light,’ the baker said in admiration of Luna’s beauty, his hand caressing the air around her as if wishing yet too scared to touch her. ‘Like the very whitest, lightest of flours!’
The violinmaker nodded in agreement.
‘Such lightness of tone!’ he said eagerly.
‘And the boy,’ the baker said, his attention moving on to Rouger. ‘Unique, individual: a definite hint of the wild berries of the wood!’
‘A rare wood!’ Like the baker, the violinmaker seemed to be having to forcibly hold himself back from stroking Rouger. ‘A living wood; what resonance could come from such a rarity?’
As the baker and violinmaker talked, they politely showed Luna and Rouger to a small, private corner of the shop, where two small chairs were set around a small table. The table, like the violinmaker’s tray, was piled high with the most incredibly tempting cream cakes and succulent pastries.
‘Come, come,’ the baker said jovially, ‘there must be some of my delicious wares I can tempt you with?’
‘Surely you wouldn’t insult him by refusing his generosity?’ the violinmaker added with a wide smile as he placed his own tray on the table.
Suddenly, his pleasant expression changed to one of both amazement and horror.
From beneath the table, everyone could now quite clearly hear the rushed whisperings of terrified children. Although she was safely held in Luna’s comforting hands, Natalie shivered.
‘Please, at least take a seat?’ 
While indicating the waiting chairs with a wide wave of an arm, the baker spoke loudly and nervously as he tried to drown out what sounded more and more like the warnings of many terrified children.
‘I remember!’ Natalie suddenly cried out, her voice that of a young girl – a very frightened young girl.
‘It’s a trap!’ she screamed. ‘Run!’


*


Chapter 28

Before Luna and Rouger could run, the baker furiously pulled back a large lever hidden behind a curtain in the small alcove.
The table flipped to one side, spilling its load of cakes and pastries. 
The floor where it had stood opened up, a trapdoor leading down into a dark chute. The chairs tipped forward on hinges towards the hole: anyone who had been sitting on them would have been thrown down into the pitch-black tunnel.
Luna and Rouger were so astonished by what they were seeing, they didn’t realise the violinmaker had moved behind them. With a hard, violent push of a hand on each of their backs, he pushed them towards the waiting hole. 
They stumbled as they tried to resist the hard push. Unfortunately, they were too close to the trapdoor’s edge to have any hope of stopping themselves from falling down it. They slipped down through the hole, plummeting into a complete darkness.
They slid uncontrollably down the long winding chute, fruitlessly searching with their hands for anything to grab onto that would slow their careering descent. Luna was clinging on tightly to Natalie, trying to protect her from being damaged by their tumultuous fall.
The warning cries of the children were now louder, more urgent, than ever. The pummelling of the water by the churning water wheel was also now cacophonic, particularly as it had become mixed in with the grinding and harsh clunking of the great cogs and wheels it powered.
At last, Luna glimpsed a dim light at the end of their fall down the meandering chute. But she immediately wished she hadn’t been able to see where they were irresistibly heading for.
For it was the cogs and grinding stones themselves that they were about to fall amongst.
Where they’d be broken, pounded and mashed in seconds.


*


Chapter 29

The only thing drowning out the pummelling and pounding of the massive cogs now was their own screams of fear.
Natalie was also shrieking with fear. She’d remembered how to talk once more, but her last words it seemed would be ones of agony and terror.
Just when it seemed there was nothing to stop them falling amongst the whirring wheels, however, there was a noisy clunk towards one side of the chute.
Abruptly, a thick wooden pole swiftly slid across the chute. It didn’t entirely block their way: it was too high up to automatically stop their fall. But both Luna and Rouger urgently reached up with outstretched arms to grasp the pole as they threatened to shoot unhindered beneath it.
Their hands gripped the pole, Rouger using one of his own hands to help steady Luna, for she only had one hand to spare as she gripped onto the screeching Natalie.
Unfortunately, the halting of their fall was too quick. Natalie was unavoidably jolted out of Luna’s hand. The violin flew on, hurtling farther down the chute towards the whirling wheels. 
Natalie landed amongst the gigantic cogs. The wheels crashed down hard on her, crushing the edges of her fragile body with a loud crack, a pained strain of snapping strings, the shriek of a badly injured girl.
‘Natalie!’ Luna screamed. Her eyes wide with horror, she uselessly stretched out her free hand, even though she knew the violin was too far out of her reach. 
Catching only the edges of Natalie’s rounded body, the ravenous cogs couldn’t draw her farther into their clutches as they might have hoped: rather, they unintentionally briefly spat her back out, such that she flew into the air again, now a mess of splintered wood and flaying, broken strings.
Luna’s urgently grasping fingers found the end of one of those loosely waving strings. Her fingers slipped around the string, gripped it: and Luna jerked back her hand, causing Natalie to come flying back towards her once more.
Rouger grasped the poor, smashed violin with his own free hand, even though he wondered if it would be too late to do anything more for her.
Besides, he thought; how much longer could their rapidly tiring hands cling onto the wooden bar?
How much longer would it be, in fact, before they all ended up being ground into a mush beneath the rotating cogs?


*


Chapter 30

With another harsh clunking of wood, the wall of the chute just to Rouger’s side moved. 
A large hatch slightly opened up there: and the face of the old woman from the cottage appeared in the opening.
‘Quickly,’ she hissed urgently, reaching in with a withered yet surprisingly strong arm, ‘take my hand and clamber out of there!’
‘Quickly, quickly,’ the children whispered. ‘Before they come! Before they come!’
The old woman helped first Rouger and then Luna clamber out through the hatch. 
It wasn’t at all a tight squeeze, but their exiting of the chute was made more difficult by their careful attempts to ensure Natalie wasn’t damaged any further during their confused efforts to scramble to safety. 
‘They’re on their way, they’re on their way,’ the children warned.
The whispering of the children came from flowers planted on the edges of the bridge support that the mill and its vast, still noisily churning wheel had been built upon. The old woman had used an inspection hatch on the outside of the chute to rescue Luna and Rouger. She closed it behind them, even as she directed Luna and Rouger to board the small rowing boat she’d moored alongside the support. 
The old woman also recovered the broom handle she’d forced through a large knot in the grain of the wood making up the chute.
‘They’ll have realised you haven’t gone into their mill,’ the woman began to explain as she got into the boat and took up the oars, instantly pulling away from the small island, ‘so hide quickly under those old sacks.’
‘Quickly, quickly!’ the flowers hissed as the old woman gave a sharp nod to indicate the sacks lying in the bottom of her boat.
As Luna ducked beneath the covering of sacks, she saw why they had to hide; the baker and violinmaker were also urgently rowing towards the outside of the mill, doubtlessly to use the chute’s inspection hatch to check why she and Rouger hadn’t ended up being crushed beneath their mill’s cogs.
‘My children told me you were in danger,’ the old woman whispered to Luna and Rouger as they lay beneath the damp, smelly sacking. ‘Your bones would go into the baker’s flour, your insides stretched into strings. Boiled down, you would have become glue and varnish.’
‘Is there no way to stop them?’ Luna whispered back.
‘I’ve never had the chance before, but…’
Beneath the sacking, Luna and Rouger exchanged frowns of puzzlement as they felt the old woman change the boat’s direction. It seemed that she was rowing back towards the small island formed by the bridge’s support. 
Sensing that the old woman was hurriedly yet silently clambering from the boat, Luna took the risk of peeping out from beneath the sacking.
The baker and the violinmaker were both half hanging in, half hanging out of the inspection hatch. They were arguing over where the blockage in the chute must have occurred; much farther up, or somewhere down amongst the wheels.
Quietly sneaking behind the arguing men, the old woman gave each of them a hard push: and both men disappeared with a surprised yelp into the chute.
The shocked yelps were instantly replaced by screams of fear. Then shrieks of agony.
Then, suddenly, there was absolutely nothing to be heard from them.
The great wheel relentlessly churned at the splashing water.
The massive cogs ground their teeth in satisfaction.
And the children sang for joy.
‘They’ve gone, they’ve gone!’


*


Chapter 31

‘Well, I won’t be buying any flour from that baker’s for a while.’
The old woman grinned as she helped Luna and Rouger clamber from the boat she had now moored alongside her own garden.
‘They’ve gone, they’ve gone,’ the children in the garden all cheerfully sang.
‘I used to buy whatever flour I could, of course,’ the old woman continued as she bent down to tenderly caress the nearest clump of the happily singing flowers. ‘Naturally, I could afford only one violin.’
She stared forlornly at the smashed and silent Natalie, who was still being carefully held in Luna’s arms.
‘She could talk, you say?’ 
The old woman shook her head sadly. Luna and Rouger had explained as much as they could about themselves, and about Natalie, as the old woman had unhurriedly rowed between the two islands.
‘It’s not unusual,’ the old woman continued, needing no answer to her rhetorical question, ‘albeit not intended. The violinmaker wanted the children for their melodious voices; but he obviously didn’t want them to remember who’d they’d originally been, let alone remember how to talk! That might allow the children to warn others about what was going on! Some children, however, couldn’t forget such things.’
Luna concernedly stroked Natalie’s shattered body.
‘Perhaps the Devil simply made Natalie forget to talk once more; only for her to remember when she found herself back in the bakery.’
Rouger was curiously observing the singing flowers as he knelt amongst them. Each one, he’d noticed, when you sat closely by them, had an individual look, voice and character, almost as if each child had been brought back to life within each flower.
‘We saw you making the gingerbread men and planting them out here,’ he said, looking up with a puzzled grin towards the old woman. ‘But the flour you buy is just a mingling of god knows how many children; what on Earth separates them into single children once again?’
‘The earth itself, of course; it helps them decide who they each are, singling them out from the mass they originally arose from. I couldn’t possibly hope to sort them out on my own. It’s the shared, early memories of them all, burgeoning once more into the unique characters still stored within each violin you–’
‘Wait!’ Luna blurted out, as it suddenly occurred to her that there might be a way of helping Natalie after all. ‘Does that mean…’ she paused, fearing a negative answer, ‘that there’s also a flower for Natalie?’
‘Of course; and very beautiful she is too!’ the old woman answered brightly, blissfully beaming with pleasure.’


*


Chapter 32

Natalie wasn’t a single flower, growing in the beds, as Luna had expected. 
Rather, she was a gloriously amber bloom, just one of many roses spreading over an arching frame adorned with climbers of every description.
‘Oh; does this mean…mean she’s not a complete child?’ Luna asked disappointedly.
‘A bloom, a single plant; it doesn’t matter either way – they’re each a missing child.’ The old woman lovingly touched the amber petals. ‘As for a complete child; well, I’m afraid that none of them could be remotely called a complete child.’
‘Oh, is that me?’ the rose asked forlornly, seeing the shattered violin that Luna was carrying.
‘I’m afraid so my dear,’ the old woman answered honestly. 
‘How…how did you know it was you?’ Luna asked unsurely.
‘A slight connection remains between us: I felt her pain. Felt her slipping away.’
‘Then she…?’
Luna looked sadly at the violin she was holding. She had been hoping that there was still some life left in there, a spark of her soul at the very least that might at some point have been revived.
The rose fluttered and moved, as if possibly nodding.
‘There’s little of me left in there: I’ll soon be entirely gone.’
‘But you…?’ Again, Luna asked her question edgily, fearing the answer.
‘I…I presume that when she finally goes, I will follow on too.’ 
The rose shrugged, as if steadying herself. 
‘Which means I have to tell you something she’s been wanting to tell you for ages! Something to do with the magical mirror she overheard you and Rouger talking about. For she says it’s so dangerous, it has been stored in a room that no one dares go in anymore.’


*


Chapter 33

The Room of Youthful Delights

There once lived an extremely beautiful queen – the emphasis here being on the once. 
For like any great beauty, she found that she was aging.
Her renowned beauty was slowly fading, as even the most perfect rose must one day wither, droop, and fall away.
Once so imperious – again, the emphasis on the once – she found herself envying those she had once looked down upon. 
What was beauty when compared with youth? Even the most average of young girls can somehow appear far more vibrant and exciting than even the most beautiful woman born to an earlier age.
Her daughters, far from being a delight to her, caused her only the greatest pain. For although their father was ruddy and boorish – naturally, she had married him for the extent of his lands rather than any physical attributes – they had inherited some if not all of her previously legendary beauty. Combined with their unattainable youth, these indefinable elements of beauty ensured they sparkled vivaciously at court, during processions, or watching duals in the tiltyards.
Delving into the dark arts, the queen believed, could be her only solution. 
She conversed with demons.
She read the great tomes promising riches to those who follow the Devil’s creed. 
She practised the drawing of certain mystical symbols, the lighting of candles in precise positions near infamous wells, where it was said spirits lived and unwary fools died.
She bathed in the blood of virgins, for many claimed this granted eternal youth. The poor girls were told they would be serving the queen, excited and thrilled until they realised exactly how they would be serving her, how they were expected to fulfil her will. 
The queen’s blacksmiths and carpenters were set to constructing the most elaborate devices. Machines involving Iron Maidens, meandering channels for the blood, and vast, marble pools fit for a goddess.
Of course, none of it worked. 
The queen, despite earlier bouts of wishful thinking, had to admit that she was still aging, despite the deaths of so many innocent young girls.
Her beauty was waning, and there was nothing she could do about it.
Of course, she was furious with this totally unfair state of affairs.


*


Within the many books she read on magic, the queen had come across references to a magical bed. A bed in which you went to sleep as an old woman, and awoke as a young maid.
She sent envoys across all the kingdoms, asking wherever they went if anyone had any proof that this fabulous bed actually existed. 
She offered to pay whatever the present owner demanded (although secretly determined to have them killed if she felt they were taking advantage of her needs).
The envoys increasingly became terrified of sending back bad news to the queen, her anger against them growing with every setback. They began to make up reports of more positive news, to the extent that there suddenly seemed to be a surfeit of magical beds across the kingdoms.
The queen had all her envoys executed for their treacherous lies.
She sent out new, more trustworthy servants in their place. 
Soon, of course, she was furious with these new, even more ridiculously useless envoys.
At last, however, a fairy appeared at court who promised her that he could provide her with this magical bed she sought. 
In fact, he declared pompously, so magical was his fabulous bed that its power would gradually affect the whole room it was placed in, until the room itself became a veritable fountain of youth.
So certain was he of the bed’s remarkable powers, he further added, that he felt obliged to advise anyone intending to sleep in the bed to ensure they had a fresh set of clothes to change into in the morning: for the more youthful waker would only scorn the poor tastes of the older person they had only recently been. Moreover, they would only feel comfortable in garments more suited to their newly discovered litheness and their wish to engage in more energetic pursuits. 
And the only payment he desired was the queen’s beautifully melodious vocal chords. For, he added unnecessarily, he was an avid collector of such things, as lesser people collected butterflies.
Naturally, the queen was sorely tempted to have him executed on the spot for his impertinence. The problem being that he hadn’t actually delivered the bed yet (a problem that many people will immediately recognise). Moreover, executing a fairy usually resulted in unforeseen and extremely ironic disasters.
She agreed to his proposal, thinking that her voice was of no consequence against having her legendary beauty forever restored. 
She could always communicate, after all, through written commands, using quill and parchment. 
Indeed, her very muteness, in combination with her great beauty, might even endear her with a totally ethereal quality. If she continued to age, however, her voice would only become irritatingly harsh and grating anyway.
Besides, the fairy assured her that she would only need to fulfil her side of the bargain when she awoke with her youth restored. If she felt that this wasn’t the case, then no payment could obviously be demanded of her.
The bed was delivered and installed within the queen’s bedchamber. 
Once it was installed, she gave instructions that from this very moment on, no one should ever enter her bedchamber again. Not even to change the bedclothes, or prepare the fire in the grate, of bring her breakfast.
She wanted no one else to benefit from the powers of the wondrous bed as they gradually spread throughout her room. What’s more, she hoped that soon everyone would forget that her continuing youth and beauty was all down to the magical bed; she much preferred that everyone believed her beauty was all her own, all perfectly natural.
That night, as she prepared for bed, she dressed only in her flimsiest nightgown, reassuring herself that she wouldn’t be needing it in the morning. 
Normally, an elaborate dress would be laid out for her, complete with all its many and varied under-dressings, ready for when she awoke and a gaggle of servants descended on her room to painstakingly help her into them all. But that would no longer be either necessary or possible, of course. 
The servants were no longer allowed to enter, so she required something much simpler she could slip into. She could always change into her regal finery, with the help of a full platoon of maids, later in the morning. 
Besides, when she was reborn with her youthful figure and energy, she didn’t want it all to be hidden and restricted beneath so many heavy, stiff layers. She wanted clothes more befitting the young, vibrant woman she could already imagine herself to be: that girl so full of life whose body and looks had started wasting away soon after she had married and had children.
She was so excited that night, she found it hard to sleep.
All she could think of was the wonders the morning would bring.
But sleep she did, of course.
Not that anyone would realise this until many, many years later. 


* 


The next morning, the queen slept in.
She slept in a very long time.
With strict instructions that no one should enter her room, the maids and servants kept their distance. Eventually, it was only the king himself who dared knock on her door to enquire what was keeping her so long.
There was no answer to his knocking, no matter how hard he knocked. 
At last, the king entered the room: and saw immediately that the room was empty. The bedclothes had been thrown right back, as if by an excited girl eager to experience another wonderful day.
The simple, youthful clothes the queen had insisted on taking to her room the previous night had gone. The nightdress remained. 
Obviously, the wondrous bed had worked! An incredibly youthful queen had dressed early and gone out exploring.
Or so, naturally, everyone in the palace told themselves. But by the evening, there was still neither sign nor news of the queen. 
By nightfall, the king had sent out large parties of riders with orders to search the immediate countryside. 
By the next day, the king had begun to consider sending out proclamations to every town and village, commanding everyone in his kingdom to join in the search for his queen: but that would be a foolish move, he realised, for how would he even begin to explain her strange disappearance? 
Would he have to admit they should be looking for a young girl, not the older woman his people knew the queen to be? 
Would this finally reveal to everyone the queen’s obsession with youth, to the extent that she had recruited the dark arts into her quest to retain her beauty?
Would the disappearance of innumerable young, beautiful girls throughout his kingdom be finally linked to the queen’s murderous intent? 
After a month of fruitlessly searching for the queen, it began to be whispered everywhere in court that the queen had been tricked by the fairy; who, naturally, could no longer be found anywhere either.
After a year, it was agreed that it should be proclaimed that the queen had died quietly in her sleep. A week of mourning in respect of her deceased majesty was also announced.
After another year, she was just another queen who had once helped rule the kingdom, the only reminder of her once towering beauty being the portrait of her that still hung in the great hall. (But of course, painters were renowned for flattering their subjects, particularly regal ones; so how could anyone be really sure that this was indeed how she had looked?)
As for her bedroom, no one dared enter it, for fear that they too would vanish, a victim of the fairy’s cunning enchantment. The room was sealed off, the door nailed into place (for, it was agreed, to board it up, or even to plaster over it, would spoil the look of the elegant hallway).
It was only ever opened once more, and this was to use it as storage for another unwanted and dangerous magical object (for, it was agreed, to use another room would be to inconveniently waste two rooms).
The magical object in this case was a mirror, one that showed you where to find those responsible for all your problems. Which seems innocent enough, even something that could be quite usefully employed; but then, of course, a bed that restores youth could be regarded in similarly highly positive terms.
Two footmen were offered a day’s extra pay (which actually wasn’t much, as they weren’t actually paid) to quickly deposit the mirror in the room. 
Although disgruntled that their lives were being put at risk, they reassured themselves that they wouldn’t remain in the room long enough for anything untoward to befall them.
Carrying the mirror between them, the two footmen dashed into the room as a third held the door open for them. 
They quickly placed the mirror towards the bottom of the bed. Even so, one of them was already peevishly complaining that the other was letting ‘his end slip’, that it was ‘so unfair that he was doing all the work’.
By the time they had made it out of the room, the youngest footman was just six years old. Which was particularly odd as, when they had first entered, he had quite easily been the eldest of the two. The second footman had got off more lightly, now being all of twelve years old.
The door was nailed tight once more, with strict instructions that it should never, ever be opened again.


*


The queen, it turned out, hadn’t vanished.
Like the servants, she had had her youth restored by the bed, as the fairy had promised. 
Fortunately for her, as the bed had only been recently installed within the room, its magical power hadn’t spread throughout the entire room at that time. Neither was it quite so powerful (naturally magic, like the best wines, can mature and gain in strength), nor so swiftly effective.
Far from being appalled, or even merely disappointed, by her magical bed, the queen was overjoyed by its effects. 
As she had hoped, as she had dreamt of, she awoke in the morning as the beautiful, youthful woman she had once being so long ago. 
She thrilled at her ease of movement. The softness and flexibility of her skin. The luxuriousness of her hair.
She leapt gleefully from her bed, carelessly throwing back the sheets as she used to do as an impetuous young woman. 
She laughed at the ridiculous frumpiness of the nightdress she had thought so elegant only the night before.
She was so glad she’d had the foresight to ensure she had clothes fit for her youthful, energetic figure. She eagerly slipped into them. 
She ran from the room, laughing and skipping in her joy to be young once more.
The only people around so early in the morning were the staff either cleaning the hallways, or leaving outside of doors the firewood and coal that would be required when fires were lit in the rooms. 
They were all far too busy at their tasks to notice this excitable young girl lightly and almost silently tripping down the long flights of stairs. Even if they had noticed her, they would have simply returned to their work after a disapproving shake of a head.
The queen dashed outside into the courtyard: a ride, she wanted to go for a ride! She rushed towards the stables. 
She was thirsty, she realised. She hadn’t had any breakfast, thanks to her insistence that no maids should enter her room!
She drew water up from the stables’ well, amazed at her strength. 
She began to drink from the large bucket, laughing rather than being upset that her carelessness resulted in her spilling the cool water over her clothes, even her hair.
She went into her personal stable, where her favourite horse was housed. She instantly swung up onto the horse with the intention to ride him bareback, as she had used to ride him so long ago whenever it had taken her fancy to do so.
Unable to recognise the queen, the horse protested at this unwanted intrusion. He bucked, whinnied.
The queen tried to calm him with a few reassuring words; but naturally, no words came from her mouth. The fairy had taken her vocal cords as payment. 
Not to worry, the queen thought: you don’t need words to use a whip!
But the horse had had enough of this stranger. He bucked wilder than ever, rearing up, kicking out with his hind legs.
The queen was thrown, landing awkwardly amongst a pile of evil-smelling dung and old hay, the sweepings of the stables left for clearing away later in the morning. 
She leapt back to her feet, determined to severely punish her horse for making her smell and look as filthy as the very worst of her peasants.
As she reached for a nearby whip and swung it wildly towards the horse’s flanks, her action was abruptly stilled, a powerful hand grasping her by the wrist.
‘How dare you!’
Of course, no words came from her mouth. Yet the stable master quite obviously recognised her furious and threatening behaviour to both him and the queen’s horse. 
He brutally pushed her back into the pile of dung, snatching the whip from her as she fell back.
‘I’ve no idea who you are girl,’ he snarled ferociously, rolling up his sleeves as he approached and bent over her, ‘but we know how to reward peasant girls who try and steal royal horses!’


*


How did this latter part of the story ever come to light?
Why, it came at last from the queen’s own hand, of course. 
Eventually someone had wondered why this crazy, dumb peasant woman continued to ludicrously claim that she was in fact their queen! They’d reluctantly granted her the incredibly expensive quill and parchment she’d been demanding for so, so long!
Not that it did her any good.
You see, by this time she was old beyond her years, having suffered a lifetime of arduous servitude and regular beatings. 
And in all that time, she’d hardly got any sleep at all; for her bed had been nothing more than the filthiest hay.


*


Chapter 34

Luna was surprised by the tale: but not in the way the rose had expected her to be.
‘But how could you know that Natalie – Natalie the violin – had overheard us talking about this mirror? She never had chance to tell you this.’
‘There seems to be some weak connection remaining between the violins and the flowers,’ the old woman explained. ‘The violins, I believe, still contain a great deal of the original child’s soul: for it’s that which gives them their – as it were – soulful power, the incredible emotion inherent in their playing.’
‘A soul? A soul to unlock?’
While carefully holding the broken Natalie in one hand, Luna reached into her pocket, where she had safely stored the small, white mistletoe key. She produced it, letting it glow in the light mystically as she held it up for the old woman to see.
‘I think,’ she said uncertainly, ‘we might be able to give Natalie back some form of her old life.’


*


After the four of them – for naturally they included the rose in their discussion, as she had the most to lose and the most to gain from their proposal – had considered the best and worst ways of setting about their task, they immediately got to work.
They had at one point discussed baking a child of gingerbread. But, although flattered that Luna thought so highly of her cooking skills, the old woman had insisted that Natalie’s body would have to be of soil and clay. For it was the earth, she reminded everyone, that drew out the individual qualities of each flower-child. And she saw no reason to doubt that that would also be the case here too.
They drew the soil they needed from the riverbed that, the old woman assured them, would be more clay-like than that which she’d made her garden of. 
As they dragged up the clay in a large pail with a rope tied to its handle, and emptied it onto the small lawn, it was immediately obvious that there were far too many large, sharp stones amongst it for it to be smoothly moulded. So Rouger painstakingly set to clearing it all of as many stones as he could find, many of which were so sharp they cut into even his skin of semi-wood, his blood mingling with the soil he handed onto Luna for moulding.
As for Luna, as she had done before in her creation of Rouger, she began by mixing a small quantity of the soil with the spume-like liquid of the key. She was surprised once again by the way that its white glow flowed into the red, a red of actual blood this time rather than berries. 
The clay expanded in her hands, became increasingly malleable and quickened, and she even began to hope that this wasn’t such a foolish idea after all.
Even if it did work, she wondered, would they have to wait a whole night, as had happened with Rouger? And, even then, would Natalie simply be of clay, as opposed to flesh and blood?
Of course, she believed that, at best, the answer to both of these questions would be a definite ‘yes’. But once again, she could hope that, like Rouger, Natalie would gradually take on ever-more human characteristics.
When she felt she had produced enough of the quickened clay, she began to build it up around the broken violin as if its wood formed the heart, leaving a gap in her creation that left the hole in the sound box easily accessible. 
When she felt she had a reasonably formed child – in fact one as crudely constructed as the boy she had made when hoping to grant Rouger life – she stood back, gave her hands a satisfied wipe.
She approached the rose once more.
‘You do realise,’ she said to Natalie the rose, ‘that we have to cut you from your stem? And that this probably won’t work, if I’m being honest.’
The rose gave the slight movement that sufficed as a nod of agreement.
‘We’ve already discussed this Luna: we have to give it a try.’
The old woman was standing by with a gardening knife. Sadly, with a regretfully doubtful grin, she cut the short stem keeping the rose alive. 
Tenderly, the old woman cupped the little rose in her hands. Equally tenderly, she placed it within the hole of the violin, where the heart of a real child would be.
Quickly, deftly, Luna covered the hole with more quickened clay.
‘Now,’ she said, stepping back from her creation with a pensive pursing of her lips, ‘all we can do is wait: and hope this works.’


*


Chapter 35

Luna’s hands were still covered with a light sheen of bloodied clay. 
Amongst it all, she noticed once more that moon-like glow that seemed to give the clay a life of its own.
As she stared at the glowing streams of viscously white liquid, the glow appeared to expand; to rise up slightly from her hand, forming into a bright sphere. 
Like a mistletoe berry. 
Like a miniature moon.
She curled her thumb towards the glistening sphere, touched it lightly; squashed it a little more.
The sphere quickened, fluctuated, its shape changing.
In her hand, Luna now held another small, mistletoe-berry key.


*


Chapter 36

‘She…she’s alive!’
Rouger gasped in surprise, in awe.
On the ground, the clay figure was coughing, spluttering.
Like a child who had just been rescued from a river, she was expunging from her lungs and body everything that was bad, everything preventing it from living.
She rolled slightly, vomited up a mess of wood. An unrecognisable black bile.
She opened bleary eyes of white pebbles.
She looked up. She sat up slightly, ungainly, uncertainly.
She tried to smile.
‘It worked!’ 
She spat, coughed, chuckled harshly as she tried to clear her mouth once more. 
‘I can’t believe it – but I’m back! It’s me: Natalie!’


*


Seeing how it had worked so far for Natalie, they used the new key that Luna had produced to form another child.
They combined it with the one violin that the old woman had been able to afford.
Henry.
As he woke, as if from a long sleep, Henry told them all that he felt more like the real Henry than he had done for a long time. Despite his strange body that, to be honest, was nothing like the body he’d once had.
Even so, even as he complained, he laughed, glad to be alive once more.
Luna looked towards Rouger, placing her hope that the children would return to their remembered forms in the same way that he had gradually become more and more like the real Rouger.
As she thought this, another key appeared in her hands,
‘Another child; we must create another child, she declared eagerly.


*


Chapter 37

It was exhausting work, returning life to so many children.
They had to bring back the violins from the shop to the cottage. There were so many, this alone took the best part of a day. Particularly as they were being careful not to cause any damage to the precious instruments.
Of course, many of the violins had been sold. 
Luna fretted that they wouldn’t be able to bring those children back to life. But at the insistence of a daffodil who believed his violin had been lost long ago anyway, they tried to revive a child using the bloom alone; and that too, amazingly, worked. 
It took a few weeks before their work was completed. By that time, the earliest children were already taking on more human characteristics. 
As soon as it was believed that the newly formed children were ready to return home, they were offered the use of the giant’s horse to take them back.
Each time the horse obediently returned, his back emptied of the multitude of children he’d originally set off with. It seemed that no child had been refused by his or her parents, despite their strange appearance.
The last child to stay with them was Natalie: for she not only enjoyed helping them restore life to the other children, but she also wanted to thank Luna by giving her the directions she needed that would take her to the princess’s tower.
‘Once you get within a day’s horse ride, you’ll be able to follow the beams of the Darkhouse,’ she said as she finished telling Luna and Rouger the directions.
‘Darkhouse? What’s that?’ Rouger asked.
‘It’s like a lighthouse: only it throws out vast beams of darkness.’


*


It was early one evening when Luna and Rouger reached what were the diffused edges of the Darkhouse’s sweeping beams of darkness. 
As they curiously peered deeper into that darkness, it became more solid, until nothing within its confines could be seen.
The Darkhouse itself loomed over everything in the distance, its twin beams of pure blackness slowly, regularly turning. 
Luna recognised the Darkhouse’s similarity to the Lantern of Darkness that had appeared in the tale of the king and the box he had been been made to foolishly hold onto for the rest of his life. 
It was a story her mother had often told her, linking it with the way her father had wasted his own life searching for the meaning of the old key he had found. 
Her mother had never told Luna where her father had found the key. She had dwelt instead on his relentless, all-consuming need to find out what his finding of the key could all possibly mean.
The effect of the darkness was far more profound than Luna could ever have imagined, however. 
As they entered the reach of the swooping beams, they immediately felt much colder. For, naturally, the sun couldn’t penetrate such a solid blackness. 
The woodlands and the fields of crops appeared to have suffered sorely from this life of a permanent semi-night, for they were growing weakly. Even what should have been great, towering trees were spindly and shabbily leaved. 
As night itself fell, Luna noticed that the houses they passed, the villages they rode through, had lanterns constantly lit, both hanging outside their homes and lit within their dim rooms. When the dead darkness of the Darkhouse swept over everything, the flames within the glass of the lanterns remained; but they were now briefly little more than large seeds waiting to give a momentary birth to their inherent light.
When Luna and Rouger now slept in the woods, Luna realised that even the moonlight failed to make its way through the pitch black of the beams. She shivered as the beams passed over her. When she awoke in the morning, for the first time in ages she felt a little hungry.
As Natalie had promised, however, the beams were perfect directional aids when it came to leading them to their goal.
Then again, wasn’t a lighthouse there to warn you not to draw closer?
Did a Darkhouse carry a similar warning?


*


Chapter 38

They trotted past a farmhouse that seemed to have been oddly constructed, until Luna realised its builder had utilised a large section of the soaring tower that had landed here when it had fallen.
They passed more and more sections of the destroyed tower, ranging in size from what could be – and now quite often was – a house, to what was little more than rubble. 
Rather than completely clearing up all the wreckage, which would have been a major task in itself, the local people had made the best of what had fallen around them, transforming what they could into barns, sheds, or merely decorative garden arches. The rest had been simply left for the woods and undergrowth to spread over and claim as their own.
The fact that the wreckage had fallen so far from the palace gave them some idea of how tall the tower had originally been. 
Now very little was left of it, the toppling higher sections having obviously weakened the lower parts until most of these too had also crumbled away. The remaining part of the tower had been almost casually rebuilt, topped off with crenelated walls. It was no longer even the palace’s tallest tower. The only clue that this had been the infamous tower, in fact, was the way the wreckage stretched out from it like the spokes of a wheel leading out from its hub. 
The darkness of the Darkhouse failed to reach the area around the palace. Its sweeping beams passed by harmlessly high above, the sun only briefly blocked from reaching the ground by a relatively narrow corridor of darkness. 
Even so the palace was entirely silent. It seemed to have been deserted long ago. 
Just as nature had claimed most of the fallen rumble of the tower as its own, here too it had spread wildly, colonising courtyards and even walls with fresh growth of grasses, shrubs and saplings.
Tethering their horse in one of the overgrown yards, where it could feed on the grasses, Luna and Rouger began exploring the palace. They were searching for the nailed up door, behind which the magic mirror stood. 
Surprisingly, it didn’t take them long to find the room. But then again, it had of course once been the queen’s bedroom. Its great door would at one time have opened up onto one of the palace’s major hallways.
Now, however, it was securely nailed. It hadn’t opened up onto anything for what could possibly have been years.
It took them longer to find the tools they needed to remove the nails than it had taken them to discover the room. At last, though, every nail was wrenched free.
With a protesting groan of unoiled hinges, of wood that hadn’t been cared for and had warped and expanded, the door opened only slowly and unwillingly.
Inside the room, Luna could now see the magical bed.
And, standing at the bed’s very end, she could also see the glints of the magical mirror.
She would have to be quick, she told herself.
Otherwise, she might come out of the room as little more than a screeching baby.


*


Chapter 39

Rouger had offered to be the one who looked in the mirror.
Luan had refused: they couldn’t be sure that the mirror’s answer to his problems would be the same as its answer to hers.
Yes, they both needed to know where they could find the Fay Queen. But the mirror might well conclude that the person really responsible for Rouger’s problems was his creator: that is, Luna herself.
All he might see in the mirror, then, would be Luna. A Luna standing outside the bedchamber’s door.
Taking a deep breath, preparing herself to get through with all this as quickly as possible, Luna sprinted into the room. 
She dashed to the end of the bed.
She stood before the magical mirror.
The mirror that would tell her where to find whoever was responsible for all her problems.
She looked expectantly into the enchanted mirror.
But the only person staring back at her was a perplexed Luna. 


*


Chapter 40

There was a crinkling of bedsheets, the sound of someone stirring in the magical bed behind her.
Luna whirled around.
As the bedclothes were thrown back, the old woman sat up in the bed, as if just awaking there.
She grinned warmly as she recognised the confusion on Luna’s face.
‘Well,’ she said, before Luna could gather herself together enough to speak, ‘when I heard Natalie speak of this magical bed of youth; well, I just had to give it a try, didn’t I?’
‘But…but didn’t you hear how Natalie also said it was dangerous?’
‘Oh, I don’t think it could possibly be all that bad, do you? And what of you, Luna? And your magical mirror? How are you faring with that?’
‘It doesn’t work!’ Luna said miserably. ‘All this way, and it’s just a normal mirror!’
‘A normal mirror? You must have strange ideas about what normal means, Luna! Perhaps, if you’re being entirely honest, it’s simply that you didn’t like what you saw there.’
‘It was me! I saw me! I’m not responsible for my problems!’
‘Aren’t you, Luna?’ the old woman said. ‘Perhaps you need to know a little more about this mirror.’


*


Chapter 41

The Mirror of Reflections

Two princesses of a certain kingdom once thought of themselves as being quite easily the most beautiful women in the entire world.
As such, an order from their father the king went throughout the entire kingdom, advising any pretty woman or girl that they should avoid feeling envious of his daughters’ great beauty by either permanently remaining indoors or going about their business covered in thick shawls. 
Moreover, it was also firmly suggested that they refrained from utilising anything they believed might enhance their own prettiness, such as wearing lipstick, eyeliner, or regularly washing their hair.
 Meanwhile, the rare beauty of his own daughters was to be celebrated in songs, portraits, poetry and even specially commissioned dramatic or humorous plays; for the one thing the princesses could agree on, of course, was that their extraordinary beauty must be recorded for posterity to appreciate and admire. And naturally, any playwright, painter, poet or musician taking on these flattering tasks had to be extremely careful how they portrayed the princesses in their creations, for each princess naturally thought of herself as being the most beautiful of the two, by far.
Royal processions had to be wider than they had previously been, allowing the two carriages of the princesses to ride alongside each other, with neither being seen to be given preference over the other. 
When anyone was invited to a regal dinner, they found not only that the princesses were seated on similar seats, and placed in similar positions at the tables, but also that the mechanically activated seats would swap positions every now and again. In this way, neither could claim that the other was being favoured by being seated next to more interesting or more important people.
So assured were they of their towering beauty, however, that they eventually decided a painter should be commissioned to paint a picture of the most beautiful woman in the world, so that their own beauty could be compared against hers. 
Such an important commission would require the world’s most talented painter. Ideally, it would also be a painter who had already toured the world’s courts, either painting or at least familiar with each kingdom’s reigning beauty.
Such a painter was at last found, a master of the arts who used fairy enchantments to achieve his ends. His brush was magical, his palette was magical, his canvas was magical. 
The colours he needed appeared out of the ether onto his magical palette. The brush only had to be lightly daubed onto canvas for those colours to flow through it into a rapidly formed image. 
Moreover, he required no subject to sit for him, as the canvases he used could simply soak up all the detailing and features of any person on Earth, drawing them all from the shared memories of everyone who knew them.
In this way, he produced the most lifelike, the most accurate portraits, anyone had ever seen.
He was perfect for the role, both princesses happily declared (with each secretly, of course, hoping that the portrait he produced would be of her!).
The painter was set to work in one of the palace’s most brightly lit rooms. 
Through the doors to the room, the painter could be heard happily humming and hawing as he daubed his magical paint upon the magical canvas using his magical brush.
And, ever so impatiently waiting outside, the two princesses continually placed an ear to the door in the hope of detecting a cry of exultation when the painter declared his masterpiece finished. 
What could be taking him so long? they both frequently complained.
He’s been in there at least an hour now!
They squirmed with excitement, with curiosity, with – at last, one of them needed the small room! She rushed off, warning the other not to take a peek at the portrait until she’d returned.
When she returned however, her sister was no longer waiting outside the door.
The door to the room opened, the sister appeared – and she was smiling happily!


*


As soon as her sister was out of sight, the other princess dashed towards the door. 
Without knocking, without waiting to be asked to enter, she stormed into the room.
When the painter turned and saw her, he smiled!
She was aghast!
Was he really such a fool that he didn’t realise how much this would hurt her, humiliate her?
The painting was hidden behind a small curtain.
‘Does your majesty wish to see the results?’ the painter enquired of her innocently. ‘Does she want to cast her eyes upon the world’s most beautiful woman?’
The princess stoically resigned herself to go through with this odious task.
She nodded her consent.
Pulling on a small cord hanging to one side of the curtains, the painter drew them aside to reveal the portrait.
The princess gasped.
Gasped in awe.
In joy.
It was her!
It was a picture of her!


*


Of course, it wasn’t a picture at all that the two princesses had been shown.
It was a mirror.
Yet it was no ordinary mirror.
Indeed, in terms of magical enchantments, it was far more powerful than the painter’s accoutrements combined. 
And strangely, the painter freely admitted this to both princesses: indeed, the mirror’s magic was so wondrous, he proudly proclaimed, that as beauty was their all-consuming passion, they would undoubtedly see whomsoever was considered to be the world’s most beautiful woman within it.
Naturally, he also assured each princess in turn that this wasn’t any form of trick – as they might be tempted to imagine it to be. 
If they ever suffered any doubts about what they believed being beautiful entailed, then beware: for the portrait of the woman portrayed within the frame would indeed change. 
And so of course, each princess trusted the painter and his firmly expressed assurances. 
For they could see that this was no reflection, as you might suppose. 
The image of the woman appearing there was as motionless as any portrait. Unlike a mirror, it didn’t reflect each princess’s cry of joy on first sighting of the picture. Neither did it reflect any signs of doubt when they realised it was in fact – or appeared to be –nothing more than a mirror.
The mirror did indeed reflect a portrait of a woman.
The most beautiful woman in the world. 
And it was her.


*


When the king heard of this ‘portrait’, he was furious.
He believed the painter had made a fool of them all. 
A magical mirror? 
A mirror that satisfied each of his daughters that only she was the most beautiful woman in the world?
That was a mirror! Plain and simple!
Admittedly, he was amused by the audacity of this fairy painter. He was impressed, too, by the way he had circumnavigated such a difficult problem: to grant each princess that which she most desired, without upsetting the other.
Secretly, he applauded the painter’s solution. And, he thought, he might even be able to take advantage of this situation; could he at last point out to his daughters how foolhardy their whole obsession with beauty had become?
But still; the painter had made fools of his, the king’s, daughters! 
When brought before the king and his two daughters to answer the charges laid against him, the painter protested his innocence.
‘It is a magical mirror! It’s a reflection of their vanity, which is the source of all their problems!’
The king nodded sagely at this. 
He looked to his two daughters, hoping this confession of the painter’s would perhaps at last begin to help them mend their ways.
Even so, the king still had the painter thrown out of his palace, out of his kingdom.


*


The princesses loudly declared themselves satisfied that this charlatan had been ejected from their kingdom.
They kept to themselves their disappointment that the portrait of the world’s most beautiful woman had, after all, been nothing more than some magical form of clever fake. 
Secretly, too, they didn’t really want to believe that they had been fooled.
Secretly, in fact, each believed that the portrait she had been shown genuinely portrayed the world’s most beautiful woman.
How could it be otherwise? 
How could it not be a portrait of the world’s reigning beauty?
As soon as she believed everyone had retired to bed, one of the princesses quietly slipped down the stairs leading towards the room where the mirror stood.
She halted nervously on the stairs as the door to the room opened from inside.
Her sister stormed out of the room, angry and in tears, and tearing at her hair. 
The princess breathed in deeply, but otherwise remained deathly quiet as her sister furiously strode off down the hallway.
Why was her sister in tears?
What could this mean?
Like her, she had obviously come to view the mirror, expecting to see herself reflected there once more.
Yet, equally obviously, she hadn’t seen herself there after all!
Which meant another woman, more beautiful than her sister, had now appeared there!
The princess excitedly yet apprehensively slipped down the rest of the stairs.
She opened the door, pulled back the curtains: and grinned in happy surprise.
It was still her portrait!
And no: it wasn’t a reflection, as their stupid father had insisted.
Because now she looked more carefully at the portrait, it was obvious that the background wasn’t the room she stood in. It was another room in the palace.
In fact, it was her sister’s bedchamber.
Her sister’s bedchamber?’
Frowning in puzzlement – a frown that, naturally, didn’t appear anywhere on the woman portrayed within the frame – the princess took a closer look at the woman’s face.
Yes, there were many similarities between this beautiful woman and herself.
Why, the woman had her mouth.
And she almost had her nose.
And their chins were so closely alike that–
The princess gasped in horror.
It wasn’t her.
It was her sister!


*
 

Both princesses, distraught at what they had seen, retired miserably to their rooms.
They refused to eat. They refused to wash, to bathe. They tore at their hair.
They lashed out irately at the increasingly ugly faces staring back at them from their bathroom mirrors.
In fact, if they’d bothered to take another look at the magical mirror, they would no longer have seen their own sister reflected back at them.
They would only have seen what a mess they looked.


*


Chapter 42

‘So are you saying my problem is my own vanity?’
Luna was annoyed that the old woman’s telling of the story seemed to imply she was vain.
‘Not at all: remember, the whole point of the mirror is that it shows you where to find those responsible for your problems. So each person does see something different in there.’
‘Like the princesses, all I can see is my own reflection!’
‘Yet they each saw a different person the second time they looked.’
‘The first time, they were simply being show that it was their own vanity that had caused all their problems. Once they’d accepted that, they still suffered problems caused by their fear that their own sister was more beautiful than them!’
‘So, if you could accept that maybe – just maybe – you are responsible for your own problems; what might happen then if you take a second look in the mirror?’
‘The only way I could be responsible for my own problems is if I did something earlier that somehow set everything else in motion. I admit, I might well have done something foolish earlier on.’
‘Good; so now, take another look in the mirror.’
Luna was almost tempted to refuse; the whole thing seemed crazy.
How could she be responsible for Rouger’s abduction?
Still, she turned. She looked once more into the mirror.
And this time she didn’t see herself there.
She saw Rouger. Rouger, standing outside the door.


*


Chapter 43

‘Rouger? That makes even less sense!’
Luna was more mystified, more frustrated, than ever.
The old woman smiled as she slipped from between the bedsheets.
Not that she was an old woman anymore.
She was younger now than she had been only moments before.
Luna breathed in worriedly.
She’d forgotten the magical powers of the room!
How much younger was she now?
For once, she wished that the mirror was just a normal mirror. One she could see herself in, to check on what was happening to her.
Why hadn’t Rouger shouted into the room, warning her that she was staying in there too long?
Is that what the mirror had meant when it had shown his reflection, not hers?
‘Come, it’s time we left this bedchamber,’ the woman said brightly, offering Luna her hand.
They walked unhurriedly from the room. 
Rouger was still outside. He gawped in surprise when he saw Luna come out of the bedchamber holding the old woman’s hand: or rather, even more amazingly, she wasn’t old at all now.
‘Rouger!’ Luna snapped angrily. ‘How old am I? Why didn’t you warn me?’
‘Warn you? You’ve only just gone in there, Luna! You’re exactly the same age as you were a second ago!’
‘Really? You’re not just saying that?’
Worriedly, she glanced about the hallway, looking for anything it might be possible to see her reflection in.
At the end of the hall, there was a normal if badly silvered mirror. From within its frame, Luna stared back at herself.
She was unchanged. She was still the same age she had been before entering the magical room.
‘Is there anything you need to tell me?’ Rouger asked a little irately as he continued to stare in wonder at the old woman who was no longer old.
The woman answered for Luna.
‘There’s nothing she can tell you yet, Rouger. Because, for the moment, she doesn’t understand everything herself.’
‘Don’t understand everything?’ Luna grumbled. ‘I don’t understand anything!’
‘That’s because we need to go higher up into the palace,’ the woman said.
Keeping a firm hold of Luna’s hand, she led her towards a tightly winding staircase. 
‘In fact, it’s a room in what is now the palace’s highest tower. A room where the dead king lies.’


*


Chapter 44

The dead king was now little more than a skeleton.
The bones were held together by dried and withered skin that stretched tautly across them like vellum. He was laid upon a thin, hard bed, where he had obviously died and been left undisturbed all this time.
On the floor, lying just beneath a dangling, chain-mail clad hand, there was a small yet elaborate box. 
The lid was open. Yet due to the angle at which it had fallen, the box’s contents would be visible only to someone lying on the bed.
‘It’s like in the story: The Box of All Our Fears,’ Luna observed.
‘A story, you say?’ the woman said dubiously. 
As they had all climbed the long, winding and increasingly narrow stairway, the woman had grown steadily younger.
‘Perhaps not a story at all, then: but history.’ 
With a wave of a hand, the woman indicated that she wanted Luna to retrieve the box from beneath the bed. 
‘Perhaps you would like to see what lies within the box?’
‘I know what it contains: nothing. That’s the whole point of the tale. What we fear most is wasting our lives.’
‘But, maybe, like the mirror, the box contains something different for you?’
There was both insistence and amusement in the woman’s tone. In her eyes, Luna noticed, there was also kindness, even perhaps curiosity and, strangely, pride.
Luna approached the bed, bent down, retrieved the box. 
She glanced inside as she brought it back towards the woman and Rouger.
‘See?’ she declared as she showed the woman the empty box. ‘Nothing in it.’
‘You haven’t closed it yet,’ the woman pointed out with a smile.
‘Closing an empty box still leaves you with an empty box,’ Rouger pointed out.
Even so, Luna closed the lid.
She instantly felt the lid trying to spring open, as if something inside was violently attempting to break out.
‘It’s spring loaded, of course,’ the woman explained nonchalantly. ‘Not with a spring, naturally; but with a simple fairy enchantment that produces a more reliable effect.’
Luna let the lid spring open.
‘So, now what’s inside?’ the woman asked.
‘It will still be – oh!’
As Luna looked inside the box, she saw not an empty interior, but one containing a large, wonderfully elaborate key.


*


Chapter 45

Taking out the ancient yet incredibly beautiful key, Luna instantly recognised its similarities to the delicately wrought keys she had seen on the smithy’s wall.
She glanced up at the woman, hoping for an explanation. 
Yet the woman only smiled. It was a smile that somehow seemed familiar to Luna, though she couldn’t quite work out why.
‘Close the lid again,’ the woman said. ‘Then look inside again.’
Holding the key in one hand, Luna shut the box lid once more. 
Once more, too, she opened it and reached inside the shallow box.
She produced another key, again one that was fabulously, incredibly gorgeously wrought. Although at first glance it appeared similar to the first key, the detailing, even the shape, were completely different. 
This time without being told to, she shut the lid and let it spring open for a third time.
Another key had appeared in the box, its intricate complexity as unique as the other two.
‘They’re like the keys I saw on a smithy wall,’ Luna said distractedly as she studied the three keys more closely, attempting to work out what they could mean.
Why were they appearing in a box that supposedly contained that which we fear most?
She didn’t fear these keys in any way.
‘No matter how many times you reach inside the box, you will produce yet another old key,’ the woman said, pleasantly smiling once more.
And at last, Luna recognised the smile.
It was her mother’s smile
And now her mother was standing before her.


*


Chapter 46

‘Mother!’
Luna rushed to her mother, throwing her arms about her. Her mother curled her own arms warmly, tenderly, about her.
‘What’s going on, mother? I don’t understand all this at all!’
Glancing over at Rouger, she saw that he was every bit as confused and amazed as she was. Then he frowned suspiciously.
Luna instantly stepped back away from her mother.
‘Wait? Is this a trick? A fairy enchantment?’
‘A fairy enchantment? Why yes, I suppose it is,’ her mother replied calmly. ‘A trick? Yes, possibly even that too. But it is me Luna; I am your mother.’
Within her mother’s eyes, Luna could only see the sparkle of honesty, of love. 
Then again, wouldn’t any fairy enchantment fool you into thinking this?
Just as the old woman had previously stood here, but had grown younger before her, her mother was similarly getting younger by the minute. 
‘How can I know that you’re really my mother?’
‘You were supposed to be twins, Luna. But I believed it would be for the best if there were only you. Your father thought he was the one enchanting me; yet I was the one tricking him! For I knew what he’d been told to create. I held back the birth of your twin; only for his soul to become a part of you!’
‘How is all this…this nonsense supposed to prove that you’re my mother? A mother can’t just decide a twin won’t be born!’
‘Can’t she? And what about a twin, Luna, who decides that her twin will be given life after all?’
Luna’s mother looked over towards Rouger. Rouger frowned all the more, now in confusion and anger.
‘This…this is all nonsense!’ he stormed.
‘Rouger’s my twin?’ 
Luna was completely perplexed. 
‘Not the real Rouger, of course,’ her mother explained. ‘But the one you brought to life with your twin’s soul: yes, I think that makes him your twin. One of berries and earth. While you are of mistletoe and moonlight.’
‘Do you know where the real Rouger is?’ Luna stared accusingly at her mother. ‘Have I been searching for him all this time for nothing?’
‘Yes, she knows where I am,’ a man’s voice replied from by the door.
Both Luna and Rouger spun around to see who was talking.
It was the real Rouger; but one older by far than either of them had expected. 


*


Chapter 47

Rouger was so old that Luna might not have recognised him if he hadn’t more or less introduced himself with what was effectively a ‘here I am’. 
His features were harder, more set and finely wrought. Yet his eyes were kinder, and more intelligent. His smile, too, displayed the concern that had always been lacking in the younger Rouger. 
‘You’ve both been helped and delayed in finding me on your way here,’ he said. ‘I needed time to develop a kinder, more considered nature.’
‘But it’s been no time at all!’ Luna insisted vehemently. ‘The Fay Queen’s fooled you, as she does every child she abducts!’
‘Oh Luna! It really is about time you stopped believing everything some silly little girl tells you!’
Her mother’s admonishing voice seemed younger, far more girlish, than it had only moments before. 
Luna turned back to face her mother once more; only to be confronted by the young girl rider who had warned her of the dangers of approaching the smithy.
‘Yet you ignored everything I told you about time!’
‘That’s why you first saw yourself in the mirror,’ the old Rouger explained, ‘and the earthly Rouger the second time you looked. Because as soon as you decided to use me as the model for your earthly twin, the Fay Queen knew she had to take me.’
‘But you were taken before–’
‘Why didn’t the magical room affect you, Luna?’ the girl interrupted. ‘Have you forgotten already that I said there’s no cause and effect as we know it in eternity?’
‘But we’re not in eternity!’ Luna protested in frustration. ‘None of this makes any sense!’
‘It does if you think about it later,’ the girl said with a mischievous smirk. ‘Or, better still, before I even said it.’
And as she said this, the girl transformed into the Fay Queen.


*


Chapter 48

The earthly Rouger didn’t wait for any explanations.
He impetuously, violently, threw himself at the Fay Queen.
He would have reached her, too, if the old Rouger hadn’t reacted almost as swiftly. 
He grabbed hold of his copy, struggling to control him at first yet gradually managing it. 
Although the earthly Rouger furiously writhed to break free of the other’s grip, they were both becoming so entangled that no one could tell anymore who was whom. 
Twisted limbs were mingling, merging. So, too, were their bodies, even their heads.
‘Rouger!’ Luna screamed out in concern: although not entirely sure which of the two her concern was for.
They rose from their quick squabble not as two, but as one. Where there had been a boy and an old man, there now stood a young, vigorously lithe man, each having absorbed the attributes of the other.
He grinned happily as if, far from being surprised, this had been someone’s intention all along.
‘Don’t worry: they’re both still there,’ the Fay Queen declared, noting Luna’s confusion and anxiety. ‘That’s the whole point; your raw, naive creation wouldn’t have served your purpose without the calming influence of the more reasonable, experienced Rouger – for the Devil, of course, had already set out to corrupt your intentions.’
‘The smithy? The keys?’
Luna glanced at the three old keys she still held in her hand.
‘Thankfully, those keys aren’t affected by the Devil’s work. That, of course, is what you feared; that all the lives of the souls you’ve created–’ 
‘I’ve created no souls,’ Luna guffawed, astonished by such a ridiculous suggestion. 
‘All those children you gave life to? Or did you really believe the souls still existed within the violins, the blooms? They were just the unique memories of the children. The souls were the keys you produced.’
‘But the Devil said…’
Luna’s protest faded away into nothing. The Fay Queen was observing her with eyebrows raised in amused scepticism. 
‘You fear all the potential of these souls will be wasted,’ the Fay Queen said with a nod towards the old keys Luna held. ‘Rather than each becoming uniquely beautiful, as their individual qualities are drawn out by your more material twin; this new, more rounded Earth.’
Now she looked over towards Rouger.
Luna shook her head, as if trying to clear it of confusion.
‘Rouger is a new Earth? But we already have an Earth!’ She indicated everything about them with a wild wave of her arms. ‘And how could I create it anyway?’
 ‘You still don’t understand eternity, Luna.’ 
The Fay Queen grinned, but it was a smile full of concern. 
‘Yet then,’ she continued, ‘is that really so surprising? For aren’t we always the very last to honestly face up to who we really are? To understand ourselves?’
 Luna grimaced in confusion. So the Fay Queen continued.
‘Who but the eternity of heaven can send an angel to create herself and her twin?’


*


Chapter 49

‘I’m…eternity?’
Luna laughed, as if this were the craziest joke of all.
The Fay Queen merely smiled, as if waiting for Luna to accept this obvious fact.
Rouger, too, had the same smile.
He had accepted, it seemed, that he was this new Earth. No matter how crazy it seemed.
But…eternity?
That was even crazier still!
No one could be eternity!
No one would want to be eternity!
Especially not her! 
Not Luna!
‘But…’ she began unsurely, ‘I don’t want to be eternity. Or heaven, or whoever it is you seem to think I am. I’m Luna. I want to be Luna!’
As she spoke, her voice unintentionally became more determined, more strident and angry.
‘And I don’t want Rouger to be the Earth, either!’ She glanced over towards Rouger. ‘I don’t want him to be my twin! I came here looking for the boy I loved!’
‘Loved?’ Rouger sounded surprised. ‘I didn’t know. Never knew.’
Luna gave an embarrassed laugh.
‘Well, of course I realised you didn’t.’
‘Hah, whoever would have realised eternity could be embarrassed!’ The Fay Queen appeared highly amused by Luna’s confession. ‘Now love; that’s different. Eternity is endless love.’
Rouger approached Luna, reaching out with a hand to take hers. Luna shrugged away.
‘You’re my twin now, remember?’ 
‘Ah, the best laid plans…’ The Fay Queen still seemed amused. ‘They don’t always turn out how we expect, do they?’
‘But wait!’ Luna exclaimed excitedly as it dawned on her that there might be a solution to all this after all. ‘If I’m not affected by time…then I can simply go back to before I started all this nonsense off!’
‘Where – or when – would you go back to?’ the Fay Queen asked. ‘It has already all happened. Yet is also still to happen anyway. The beginning is also the end. The end the beginning.’
‘All this is so crazy!’ Luna declared furiously, feeling that she was on the point of tearing her hair out.
Could eternity do that? Tear her hair out?
‘Why did I do all this?’
The Fay Queen gently took her hand.
‘I’ve found there is one great advantage in all this, Luna. For, of course, I don’t have to exist as just the one person, in only one time…’


*


Chapter 50

The whirling hawthorn blossom swirled around them, as if they had been caught in a sudden snowstorm.
Luna could hardly see, the white blizzard cutting her view down to little more than an arm’s length. She heard rather than saw the rapidly approaching horse. The racing-heartbeat rhythm of the pounding hooves echoed about her in the clearing she and Rouger had discovered.
The arrival and movement of the horse seemed at last to have altered the flowing of this strange wind she couldn’t feel yet could so quite easily see the chaotic effects of. The glowing white flakes were beginning to rise rather than fall, to separate enough for her to finally get a clearer view of the swiftly encroaching rider. 
At first, the rider and horse appeared to glow as glaringly white as the swirling seed balls. 
It was the Fay Queen, she was sure!
She cried out a warning to Rouger, whom she still couldn’t see despite the way the previously falling blossom was continuing to rise.
‘Hide Rouger! Don’t let her see you!’
But it was nothing more than an illusion, for as the rider shed more and more of the veiling white flakes suffusing her, she was revealed to be nothing more than a young girl riding low in the saddle. 
Her youthfully athletic mount, however, continued to hurtle across the clearing as if he had recently being born anew: a new lease of life that had granted him renewed reserves of energy. 
He and she rode as if the Devil himself were chasing after them!
As they charged past Luna, vanishing into the undergrowth behind, it instantly became clear that the whirling storm wasn’t made of blossom after all: it was thousands of mistletoe berries, glittering like a night sky full of bright, miniature moons. 
They climbed and wheeled around the great tree that dominated the clearing, a universe of countless stars, the heavens themselves come down to Earth. 
The magical wind took up the thin, green branches of the mistletoe. It wound them around and around in its fluidly flowing grip, twisting them, intertwining them. Weaving them into a passably natural imitation of wickerwork walls.
‘Look at that,’ Rouger yelled, marvelling at the way the wind was by pure chance creating this marvel out of so much chaos, ‘it’s like its forming a natural house in the crook of the tree!’
Luna could finally see Rouger, the wind at last dropping away, the twinkling berries seemingly magically supported in the air by strong yet incredibly slender stems. Rouger was elatedly pointing up into the tree, where its many branches and the entwining mistletoe stalks had somehow formed themselves into what could be loosely termed the rough beginnings of a tree house.
‘If I add a few wood boards, a bit of watling; I bet you I could make us our very first home up there, Luna!’
He was already climbing up into the tree, already making plans detailing how he would turn all this into at least a room, perhaps even a house. 
Luna grinned happily.
That was Rouger all over; his mind always full of such fantastical projects, his need to bring things together, to create something unique and intricate. Yes, yes – I could change the world if I had you!
‘I shall be like Jack, who I’ve heard once built a great house,’ Rouger yelled out excitedly from somewhere deep within the veiling foliage. ‘And you Luna, you can be…’
‘Jill,’ Luna cried back, though she couldn’t think why, for she had been distracted.
She was staring in bemusement at the sharp, golden glow of what she was sure could only be a freshly growing apple.
Strange, she thought; how on Earth could such a beautiful thing grow from an oak?


*


Now naturally, many people might find all this an unsatisfactory happy-ever-after ending, especially for a girl who is really eternity. 
But then, as we’re each a tiny little piece of her, it’s perfectly natural to have a uniquely personal idea of heaven; isn’t it? 


End




If you enjoyed reading this book, you might also enjoy (or you may know someone else who might enjoy) these other books by Jon Jacks. 

The Caught – The Rules – Chapter One – The Changes – Sleeping Ugly
The Barking Detective Agency – The Healing – The Lost Fairy Tale
A Horse for a Kingdom – Charity – The Most Beautiful Things (Now includes The Last Train)
The Dream Swallowers – Nyx; Granddaughter of the Night – Jonah and the Alligator
Glastonbury Sirens – Dr Jekyll’s Maid – The 500-Year Circus – The Desire: Class of 666
P – The Endless Game – DoriaN A – Wyrd Girl – The Wicker Slippers
Heartache High (Vol I) – Heartache High: The Primer (Vol II) – Heartache High: The Wakening (Vol III)
Miss Terry Charm, Merry Kris Mouse & The Silver Egg  – The Last Angel  – Eve of the Serpent
Seecrets – The Cull – Dragonsapien – The Boy in White Linen – Porcelain Princess – Freaking Freak
Died Blondes – Queen of all the Knowing World

Coming Soon
Lowlife
Elm of False Dreams
God of the 4th Sun




