


The Gemstone Chronicles
 
Book One: The Carnelian
 
By William L. Stuart




Text copyright © 2012 William L. Stuart
All Rights Reserved
Smashwords Edition
 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This novel is a work of fiction. The events, characters, locations, and circumstances are the inventions of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locations, circumstances, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

No part of this publication can be reproduced, stored in any retrieval system or transmitted by any means, including photocopying, scanning, electronic, mechanical, recording, or otherwise without the permission of the author. Send permission requests to: bill@williamlstuart.com



JUVENILE FICTION / Fantasy & Magic
FICTION & LITERATURE / Fiction - Young Adult, Fantasy




Dedication
For Aidan and Maggie, who provided the inspiration 
And for Lana, who made it all possible


Acknowledgements

There are many people to thank for this novel, and there aren’t enough pages to express my appreciation. This little section will have to suffice. Anyone I inadvertently left out, please forgive me!
I could not have done this if not for the support and encouragement of my lovely wife Lana. She not only inspired me with her own writing on her blog, www.lanascooking.com , but she was always there to give me a push when it was needed. I hope that she likes her namesake in the book.  Thank you, my love!
I also owe the real Aidan and Maggie thanks for just being. No grandfather could be prouder of his grandchildren than I. Aidan and I thought up concept for the books one day on a rock-hunting trip and it snowballed from there.  As with Lana, I hope they like the characters that bear their names. Thanks to Laura and Mike, Aidan and Maggie’s parents, for raising such extraordinary children.
My brother John deserves a lot of credit for reading the drafts and offering up suggestions. His insights were instrumental in the final product.
Abby Wilkerson is an amazing editor, mother, full-time professional (and a great softball player), who took a manuscript and made it a final polished novel. Thanks and thanks again and I will see you in Book 2.
Thanks to Chris Miller for his patience and design eye that made a rough idea of a cover turn into a reality. He endured many requests for revisions before I was finally happy. His work can be found at www.dotcomImpressions.com.
Thanks also to Marcus Lewis, Amanda Printz, Shelby Miller, Alischia Linson, Steve Miller, and Dr. Sherry Guice for agreeing to be the first ones to read the novel. 
Lastly, to the readers of this novel: thank you, oh thank you, thank you!
 
William L. Stuart





Table of Contents


Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
About The Author
The Gemstones Chronicles Series






Chapter 1



The sunlight streaming in the bedroom window woke Aidan from a deep and sound sleep. He rolled over, lazily opened one eye to glance at the bright blue sky, and then tried to spring up from the bed. Aidan flopped back on the bed, his muscles protesting at the sudden movement. Cautiously, he rose more slowly and climbed out of the bed. Aidan went through a few stretching exercises he learned during his kung fu training and the movements helped loosen his sore muscles.
Aidan ran his fingers through his shoulder-length brown hair and rubbed the sleep from his eyes. He found the clothes Nana had ironed and laid out for him the previous night. He slipped the clothes on, slid his feet into his sandals, headed into his bathroom, and combed his hair.
As he stared at his reflection in the mirror, Aidan noted the sun he received from jet skiing yesterday – despite the sunscreen Nana insisted he wear. Unused to the watersports, the jet skiing and tubing behind Beebop’s boat left his muscles sore and achy.
Aidan stood about five and a half feet tall and was thin, but had ropy muscles honed from hours of practice at martial arts. His brown eyes stared back at him as he washed and dried his face, preparing to head downstairs for breakfast. He was hoping for omelets and cinnamon toast!
Nana and Beebop’s new house still amazed Aidan. Perched on a mountainside in the North Georgia Mountains, his grandparents purchased it a few months ago with the proceeds Nana earned off the success of her food blog. Nana’s blog, which she started as a hobby, blossomed into a successful venture that provided the two of them enough money to retire and buy the house.
The house featured five large bedrooms, with an adjoining bath for each, plus a half bath on the first floor. There was even a full bath in the walkout basement – the terrace level as Beebop liked to call it. The basement was a cool “man cave” with a huge flat screen television with surround sound, 1970s vintage Pinball Wizard pinball machine, foosball table, pool table, and a workout room. Complete with a small sauna, the workout room is where his grandparents housed a treadmill and Beebop’s weight bench. Nana and Beebop used the equipment long before they moved to the new house to “train for retirement”. The two wanted to be strong and mobile so they could enjoy their retirement years. They traveled often, and wanted to do more traveling, and they needed to be as fit as possible. The basement also held Beebop’s workbench for his favorite hobbies including rock tumbling, polishing, faceting, and cabochon creation. Beebop discovered his love of working with the stones a few years before he and Nana retired. Most of the stones he found he placed in a tumbling machine that transformed the rough stones into smooth polished works of art. He learned how to facet, cutting the faces into translucent stones to highlight the beauty of the natural gemstones. For stones that weren’t translucent, Beebop rounded off the top of the stones to create the smooth polished finished product – usually ovals – that he mounted into pendant settings or earrings. Occasionally, he fashioned a bracelet or a ring and sold many of the pieces through online auctions and arts and crafts fairs. At least his hobbies paid for themselves.
The television area was Aidan’s favorite part of the basement. It held a big sectional sofa that reclined on each end and two big leather recliners with built in cup holders. The entertainment room was a teenage boy’s dream, with the latest gaming systems and plenty of games. The final feature of the basement was a full kitchen and spare bedroom, so visitors had a place to call their own.
Attached to the house was the three-car garage that held Nana’s crossover, Beebop’s truck, and Beebop’s 1973 Corvette convertible. Nana lovingly dubbed the Corvette his midlife crisis. The rest of Beebop’s toys were in a garage and workshop in the backyard. They included his three four-wheelers, a big John Deere riding mower, a utility vehicle Beebop used for collecting firewood and doing other chores on his land, and a ski boat. With all the things to do, Aidan loved coming here!
As he reached the main floor of the house, Aidan heard a babble of voices coming from the kitchen. Nana, Beebop, and his sister, Maggie, were discussing the latest SpongeBob cartoon on television.
Nana spotted him and said sweetly, “Well good morning, Aidan. I see you slept well since the rest of us got up way before you did. I guess all that time on the water yesterday wore you out. What would you like for breakfast?”
“Good morning Nana. Could I have a three-egg omelet and cinnamon toast?  You know that’s my favorite!” Aidan said with a sheepish grin. “I was pretty tired, but when you are this awesome, you need sleep!” He pointed a finger at his chest as he spoke. Maggie rolled her eyes in disgust.
“The only awesome thing we know about you is your awesome snoring!” Maggie teased. “It woke me up!” Aidan stuck his tongue out at her, but grinned to show he took it good-naturedly.
“All right, you two, let’s not get started this early! Aidan, of course, you can have an omelet for breakfast. You’ll need a good breakfast since you, Maggie, and Beebop are going out rock hounding today.” Nana replied with a smile.
“I think today will be the day you get to drive the four-wheeler solo – if you’re up to the challenge.” Beebop said from across the room.
“Do you really mean it? Can I drive it by myself?” Aidan asked, excitement lighting his face.
“Yes, you’ve shown me you can handle it. But, no reckless driving!” said Beebop. “Maggie can ride with me in the utility vehicle and we will head over by the river to do our rock hunting. I don’t know why, but I believe today will turn up something cool!”
“Why don’t I ever get to do cool stuff like Aidan does? I can learn to ride the four-wheeler by myself, too!” Maggie whined.
“Maggie, we’ll get you started on that this summer. You are still too young to be riding by yourself,” Beebop said soothingly. Maggie just glared at him.
Nana shook her head smiled at the good-natured bickering and made Aidan’s breakfast.  She liked that Beebop had a hobby to keep him busy, but she was sure he wouldn’t find the next North Georgia gold deposit. Part of the reason they purchased this specific property was it was near the gold belt that runs through the mountains around Dahlonega, the site of the first gold rush in the United States. In fact, the gold that plated the Georgia State Capitol dome was from Dahlonega. Had the California Gold Rush not happened, they would still be pulling ore out of those mountains.
Beebop became a rock hunting enthusiast a few years before and went rock hounding at least once a month. Nana’s blog success allowed them to sell their old home and move to the mountains, carefully picking a sizeable piece of property in the gold belt region. The property included an old mine shaft tunneled into part of the mountain. They bought the mineral rights to the property so they could extract what they wished. The old mine still offered up rough gemstones such as emeralds, rubies, sapphires, topaz, and various types of quartz. Beebop found the stones, tumbled most of them, and created faceted gems and cabochons out of the others. She admitted that he had become proficient at making “cabs” and was getting much better at the faceting. The gems he fashioned weren’t fine jewelry, but they were attractive and, unlike store bought stones, these gemstones came with a story behind them.
Beebop’s other hobby was riding his four-wheelers. Now that he owned a large piece of land – over fifty acres - he carved out riding trails and often spent hours riding through the property. He purchased three of the machines; one for Nana, one for himself, and one for the grandchildren, but hadn’t been successful at getting Nana to ride hers. Aidan and Maggie, on the other hand, loved to ride with him as he raced through the trees. Aidan learned to drive one with Beebop riding on the back and showing him how to work the gears and ride safely. Beebop always insisted on helmets and safe speeds. Nana suspected Aidan and Maggie went rock hunting with him more for the ride the thrill of finding rocks. In fairness, though, both showed enthusiasm when he found something good and both of them were adept at spotting good stones. They went so they could swim in the river that cut across the property, too. The river, though shallow where they hunted rocks, deepened in places so Aidan could swim. Maggie wouldn’t go any deeper than she could comfortably stand since she hadn’t learned to swim well yet. Beebop built a sluice box to screen dirt and gravel, to help search for gold nuggets or placer flakes. So far, he found was where the gold wasn’t, but he had a large collection of gemstones. Overall, Nana thought, neither rock hounding nor the four-wheeler was a bad habit for him to have.
Nana finished cooking Aidan’s breakfast, and he dug in hungrily. Aidan was a big breakfast eater, so she made him everything he requested – “a three-egger omelet”, as he liked to call it, and three pieces of cinnamon toast. He picked up his fork and wolfed down the omelet until a stern glance from Beebop slowed his eating.
“Chill, buddy, and take your time,” said Beebop. “I’m not leaving without you.”
Beebop turned to Maggie and told her to get her helmet and shoes and get ready to go. Beebop went to get his backpack he always carried on the rock hunting trips.  He packed it with all kinds of necessary items like a small first aid kit, a few bottles of water, zipper close plastic bags, energy bars, a rock hammer, hand crank flashlight and weather radio with cell phone charger, sunscreen, insect repellent, waterproof matches, and regular battery operated flashlights. He always carried a multi-tool on his belt, so he figured he was ready for anything, but he attached a bag of tools to the utility vehicle - just in case.
Aidan finished his breakfast and went back upstairs to brush his teeth and get his helmet. He was so excited for the opportunity to ride the four-wheeler solo. He diligently learned everything he could from Beebop about the four-wheeler and knew he was ready. Besides, he reasoned, he was almost fourteen and would be driving a car soon. Operating the four-wheeler was just the thing he needed to get a head start on his driving skills. It promised to be a great day!
When Aidan got back downstairs, Beebop and Maggie were ready to go. Maggie had long blonde hair and big blue eyes just like Nana’s. She was a pretty girl who loved girly things – even her helmet was pink - but she was a tomboy, too. She loved to play in the water, would hunt rocks with them all day, pick up frogs and bugs, and generally act as if she naturally did those things and got mad if they left her out. Beebop made it a point not to exclude her from anything. That was the reason he promised her she could learn to ride the four-wheeler solo in the coming summer months.
Aidan, Maggie, and Beebop went to the garage, loaded the machines, and fired up the engines. Nana came to the door, handed Beebop his phone, told them to be careful, and gave them big kisses. With a roar of exhaust, away they went into the woods that surrounded the house. Nana knew not to look for them for a few hours and she needed to do a blog post, so the quiet time worked out well for her. She planned to make homemade cinnamon rolls – they would make a nice post, and Beebop loved them.
The utility vehicle and the four-wheeler rode steadily through the woods, kicking up small clouds of dust. It was a warm, early spring day, and the children were out of school for spring break, so there wasn’t a big hurry for them to get to the river. Beebop took a small detour and gave Aidan a chance to ride solo for a while longer. Maggie giggled as they slid around corners and caught a little air over a small hill. Aidan did just fine and matched them as they rode. When they finally reached the river, Aidan removed his helmet and showed off a huge grin.  Riding the four-wheeler was great any time, but to be in total control of the machine without help was epic!
Beebop unpacked his wading boots and set up his folding chair at the edge of the river. The water flowed slowly and was only a foot deep at this point - perfect for using the water to wash the rocks, dirt, and gravel to expose the rough gemstones. Maggie jumped in the river, but Aidan walked into the woods to a series of small hills. He noticed the terrain on one of their earlier trips to the river and he wanted to explore them further.
As he clambered over one of the mounds, an oddly shaped stone caught his eye. Aidan didn’t know what it was but it cross-shaped. He picked it up and was about to go ask Beebop what it might be when he saw two more. As he looked around, he saw even more. It was so unusual for there to be so many of the odd stones that he ran back to the river to get Beebop.
Beebop and Maggie followed Aidan back to the mounds and Aidan showed them the scattering of the stones on the ground.  Beebop picked through them and turned them every way, looking thoughtful.
“I think you found a batch of fairy crosses. Crystals of staurolite that somehow transform into cross shapes form them. The crosses come in three different varieties: a Maltese cross shape that is extremely rare to find, a Saint Andrews cross shape that is the second most common shape, and the Prismatic cross that is the most common one found. These are mostly Prismatic crosses, but let’s gather up as many as we can and we will sort through them when we get back to the house.”
The three picked up as many of the little crosses as they could find. They gathered quite a few and were just about to leave when Maggie picked up another odd looking stone.
“Beebop, what is this?” she asked.
“Well, Maggie, I’m not sure. It might just be a shiny rock, but it has an imbedded cross shape. I don’t believe I’ve seen anything like it. We’ll research it when we get home. Just put it in your pocket for now,” Beebop replied.
They picked up the last of the fairy crosses they could find and headed back to the river to do more rock hunting. Beebop backed the utility vehicle up to the entrance to the old mine shaft, grabbed a shovel and a few five-gallon buckets, put on his hardhat, and started to dig. When he and Nana purchased the property, Beebop took one look at the old mine and decided it needed more bracing. An engineer friend helped brace the shaft, so it was unlikely to cave in when he was digging dirt from it.
Within a few minutes, he filled the buckets and dumped them in the bed of the utility vehicle. Beebop repeated the process until the bed was full of dirt, gravel, and rocks. He drove the utility vehicle to the edge of the river and dumped the load from the bed on the riverbank. Beebop started up the sluice and ran water through the gravel he shoveled into the device.
In no time, small gems washed out in the gravel. He found a few rubies, sapphires, a couple of good-sized amethysts, topaz, citrines, and lots of different quartz - smoky, lemon, clear, and many others. In just a few hours, they collected a large bag of stones. Aidan and Maggie played in the water a lot, and they were ready to head back to the house for lunch and showers. There they would clean the rocks and see what they found.
Beebop’s mind kept wandering back to the odd stone Maggie found. That stone puzzled him. As an amateur rock hound, he had seen pictures or uncovered most of the gems and rocks native to this part of Georgia, and looked at pictures of many others, but this stone didn’t seem to fit with what he knew.
“Ah well,” he thought, “I can find it on the internet.”
He made sure they had everything loaded on the four–wheeler and utility vehicle, checked the children’s helmets, donned his own, and fired up his machine. He watched as Aidan started his, put the utility vehicle in gear, and headed off toward the house with Aidan trailing him.
Freshly showered and clean, Beebop came downstairs from the bedroom and saw that Maggie and Aidan had beaten him downstairs for lunch. Nana prepared a simple meal of ham and cheese sandwiches with potato chips and they sat at the table, said the blessing, and started eating. As they ate, Beebop told Nana of the day’s finds.
“We found some unusual things today. Aidan went wandering around, found a cache of fairy crosses, and we recovered about twenty of them. The most unusual find of the day was a stone similar to a fairy cross. But, it’s a small brown stone with a cross imbedded inside the stone. I have no clue what it might be, but we will look it up on the internet later. I hope our research will shed light on what we found. What did you do while we were out?”
“I did a blog post. There are fresh homemade cinnamon rolls in the kitchen. I bought a couple more cookbooks online to add to my collection, and just kind of piddled around the house. I enjoyed my quiet time.” Nana answered. Beebop nodded and smiled while Aidan and Maggie made for the cinnamon rolls.
As was his custom, Beebop cleaned the kitchen after lunch. He and Nana worked out a unique arrangement - whoever cooked, the other person cleaned. Beebop was an adequate cook but didn’t enjoy cooking and Nana was a great cook, but she was not so keen on the cleaning up part. It worked out nicely. Beebop ate Nana’s great cooking, and she didn’t have to clean the kitchen. That was just one of the many reasons they had never argued in their many years of marriage!
Cleanup duty finished, Beebop went into the study and sat in front of the computer. He waited for it to come to life, pulled up a search engine, and typed in the search terms. Aidan and Maggie wandered in and stood quietly behind him as he looked for images of Maggie’s stone. After a few minutes of searching, he found a picture of a chiastolite.
“Well, here is Maggie’s stone,” Beebop said. “It is normally found in Spain, and sometimes in California and Massachusetts. Unless the Native Americans brought it as part of trade among the tribes, I don’t understand how it got here. Given that we found it among the more common versions of the fairy crosses, it just might be the case. Do either of you know the legends surrounding the fairy crosses?” Aidan and Maggie both shook their heads.
“I’ll get the laptop and we’ll sit in the living room and I’ll give you a history lesson.” Aidan and Maggie rolled their eyes, thinking they were on spring break and didn’t need history lessons. Curiosity won, so they went into the living room and waited for him to bring in the laptop.
“Well, according to the legends, the fairy crosses came from one of two sources. The more recent source was from the Cherokee Indians who were native to the North Georgia Mountains. The Cherokee inhabited this area for centuries. Once the settlers discovered gold in the mountains around Dahlonega in 1828, Georgia wanted the lands and they began an effort to relocate the Cherokee. Finally, after many court battles, the governments of the United States and the State of Georgia forcibly removed the Cherokee to Oklahoma along the Trail of Tears. The fairy crosses are the tears of the Cherokee as they left their homeland.”
“The second tale, which I find interesting given where we found the fairy crosses, is based on the fairies believed to inhabit the mountains where we now live. Legend says the fairies gathered to dance at their favorite spot when they learned that the Son of the Great Creator had died upon a cross. The fairies were so distraught that they cried and their tears became crystals in the shape of crosses. Since we found the fairy crosses near the small mounds, commonly known as fairy mounds, it could be one or both of the legends are true. In Ireland, fairy mounds are known as sidhe.” Beebop pronounced the word sidhe as “shee.”
“That’s where the word banshee comes from. You know, screaming like a banshee. What do you think about the stories?”
Maggie said, “It was sad and wrong what they did to the Cherokee, but I like the idea that fairies are in the mountains. Maybe Tinkerbell is near!” Aidan rolled his eyes at his sister. She adored fairies and fairy tales. Maggie saw his eyes roll, and she stuck her tongue out at him.
Aidan said, “It was an awful thing they did to the Cherokee Indians. It was so unfair. But, people can’t cry crystals. And fairies and elves aren’t real, either, so I don’t believe either one is true.”
“The fact that the government forcibly removed people to take their lands for gold was horrible,” Nana said. “I think about four thousand of the Cherokee died during the forced march to Oklahoma. In fact, it’s a tale reenacted each year in Cherokee, North Carolina at a play called Unto These Hills. Beebop and I took your mother to see the play when she was your age, Aidan. It’s a dramatization of what happened, and it’s a sad and powerful tale. We should take you and Maggie to see the play. Back to the subject at hand, though, I don’t believe in fairies either.”
“Well,” said Beebop, “I believe fairies can exist. I feel we too often focus on the real world and aren’t open to things our ancient ancestors accepted.  Besides, this family is part Irish, and everyone knows the Irish believe that leprechauns, fairies, elves, trolls, dwarves and many other magical creatures exist.”
Nana gave him a bemused look and went off to the kitchen to cook supper. The children just rolled their eyes and went to play video games. Beebop sighed, closed the laptop, and went to sort and choose rocks to be tumbled, faceted, or made into cabochons.
Supper was, as usual, a delicious affair. Nana put together a meal of grilled steaks, twice-baked potatoes, fresh – not canned – green beans, and homemade strawberry shortcakes with extra whipped cream on Aidan and Maggie’s. After Beebop cleaned up the supper dishes, they went into the living room. The children turned on Nickelodeon, Nana flipped through a cookbook, and Beebop looked over the rocks and fairy crosses they found.
“Maggie, sweetheart, can you bring me the other stone cross you found today?” Beebop asked absently.
“Yes sir!” Maggie said and went to her room to retrieve the stone. When she brought it back and handed it to Beebop, she and Beebop created a little spark.
“Ouch, Beebop!” cried Maggie.  “You shocked me!”
“I’m so sorry! I didn’t mean to shock you,” Beebop said as he gave her a big hug. Neither of them saw the tiny blue spark that flowed through the fairy cross during the shock.
They continued to watch TV, read their books, and study the rocks. What Beebop didn’t identify, he set aside in a separate zipper bag for further study and research on the internet. He researched the rock Maggie gave him, but his study yielded no more information. Beebop sighed in frustration and handed the stone back to his granddaughter. Before long, it was bedtime.
“All right, children, bedtime” said Nana, waiting for the inevitable protests.
Surprisingly, the children didn’t argue, but headed upstairs to their rooms to get ready for bed.
“Maybe you should take them rock hunting more often,” Nana said, looking at Beebop. “They are tired and ready for bed. I’ll go upstairs and make sure they brush their teeth if you will get the lights and turn on the alarm.”
“Got it,” replied Beebop as he turned off the laptop and went to the office to put it away. He plugged in the power, turned off the office lights and the rest of the downstairs lights, and set the alarm before he went upstairs to get ready for bed. He was thinking about more rock hunting tomorrow.
Nana was sitting up in the bed reading a book on Tudor England when he got to the bedroom. He smiled at her and put on his pajamas. Beebop stood at the sink brushing his teeth when a scream came from Maggie’s room. Dropping the toothbrush in the sink, and leaving toothpaste foam on his lips, he ran for Maggie’s room. He beat Nana out of the room by a step. They both headed down the hall to her room, meeting Aidan on the way.
They entered Maggie’s room to find her backed against the headboard with the covers pulled up around her, staring at a glowing, bluish spectral figure floating above the floor at the foot of the bed. She screamed again, jumped from bed, dodged the apparition, and hid behind Beebop. The figure turned to look at the group and spoke in a weak, quavering voice.
“I mean no harm to you humans. Please, destroy the stone and free me.”





Chapter 2
 
 
 
The four of them stared open-mouthed at the apparition and no one moved. Roughly as tall as Beebop, but incredibly slender with long, flowing, light-colored hair, the figure was handsome with delicate features, long limbs, and pointed ears. It wore what appeared to be leather trousers and a leather jerkin and he was, as far as any of them could tell, the image of the perfect elf. He was not one of Santa’s elves, but a creature from the oldest legends of humankind. However, since those elves don’t truly exist, how could he be?
Aidan rubbed his eyes, Nana and Beebop gaped, and Maggie continued to hide behind Beebop. The apparition sagged as though exhausted, and the figure faded. The ghostly figure looked at them once more, his eyes beseeching them to free him, and then faded out. As he disappeared, they heard him once again asking – begging – for his freedom.
Once the figure disappeared, the four of them seemed to emerge from a spell. They each shook their heads and had dazed and confused looks about them. Nana’s voice rose above the others, as each struggled to be heard.
“What on earth was that?” Nana asked, voice quavering.
Beebop shook his head again, for once without a word to say. Aidan and Maggie both looked scared and pale. Beebop herded his family out of the room and down the hall into Nana and Beebop’s bedroom. Beebop shut the door behind them, locked it, and picked up his cell phone to dial 911. Nana put a restraining hand on his.
“Who are you calling and what will you say? If you call the police, they will send the men with the butterfly nets for you. We need to think about this and figure out what and how it happened. I don’t believe in ghosts, fairies, or elves, but I know what I saw and I have no explanation for it. But, I saw an elf or at least the ghost of one!”
“I did too, Nana. But I’m not scared anymore.” said Aidan. Beebop raised an eyebrow at him so he said, “Really, I’m not. The elf wasn’t evil or scary, just tired and sad.”
“I’m not scared anymore either.” declared Maggie. “But,” she added nervously, “I don’t want to sleep in my room tonight.”
“We are sleeping in here. I’ll stay up and keep an eye on things.” Beebop said. He pulled out the sleeper bed in the sofa at the foot of their king sized bed and grabbed pillows and a blanket from the closet.
“I doubt any of us will sleep tonight.” Nana said with a grimace. “But, we need to try.”
Beebop and Nana tucked the children in and he went to his closet and pulled out his Remington 12-gauge pump shotgun. Beebop loaded it, put it on safety, and sat it next to the armchair opposite the sofa bed. The four of them discussed the apparition for a while until the children yawned and rubbed their eyes. Seeing that, he told them good night, kissed Nana, turned on her electric blanket, and turned out the light.
Luckily enough, Beebop had spent ten years in the Navy riding submarines, so getting by on little sleep was nothing new to him. He waited as the other three settled down, shushing the children as they tried to talk again about the elf. Eventually, and to everyone’s surprise, Nana and the children fell asleep. Beebop checked to make sure he had locked the bedroom door and then he settled in the chair to watch over his family as the night crawled toward day.
Beebop must have dozed toward morning because he awoke with a start at the sound of birds chirping. He checked the children and Nana and they were still sleeping. He unlocked and opened the bedroom door and walked to Maggie’s room. Beebop carefully entered the room, shotgun off safety and at the ready. Maggie’s room was just as it had been, pink and girly with her favorite stuffed animals still on the bed amidst the rumpled covers. The fairy cross lay on the nightstand looking like nothing more than the stone it was. It was almost as if they dreamed the whole thing. Beebop heard a noise behind him and whirled around shotgun leveled. Aidan jumped back and yelled, “Don’t point that thing at me!”
Beebop lowered the shotgun, pushed the safety into place, and said, “It’s safe now. Aidan, you should have let me know you were coming down the hall. I might have shot you!”
Aidan came into the room tentatively until he saw the shotgun pointed at the floor. He had seen Beebop shoot that gun and the pistols he kept hidden from them -and no, Aidan didn’t know where he kept them - and knew if there had been something to shoot at, it would have been shot and stayed shot. Aidan recalled Beebop was a marksman during his Navy days. Aidan knew Nana could shoot, too, and thought it was time he learned. He had a shotgun that once belonged to Nana’s father, and he needed to learn to use it. Maybe this summer he would convince them to teach him, but right now, he needed to know what was going on in Maggie’s room. Aidan had seen the elf just as they had; and while it didn’t seem real, he remembered it clearly. Aidan watched as Beebop picked up the fairy cross and asked, “What are you going to do with it?”
Beebop replied, “I haven’t decided. Nana will want me to throw it as far away from us as I can. I should do that. I can’t believe we saw what we saw and I don’t think we need to investigate this thing any further or take any chances with it.”
“But, Beebop,” Aidan protested. “What if the elf is real and needs our help? We owe it to him to help. And, you are always telling us how much you wish people would be nicer and more helpful like they were when you were our age. What kind of example are you setting for us?”
Aidan’s argument impressed Beebop, but he was not giving in to it.
“Don’t try to turn this back on me. It’s my responsibility to make sure you and Maggie are safe and delving into a phenomenon we cannot explain or understand isn’t in keeping with that idea. We have no clue what we are dealing with and I can’t risk it.”
As if to emphasize his statement, Beebop shoved the stone into his pocket and headed back to his bedroom to wake Nana and Maggie. As he walked down the hall, he realized how absurd his statement was - not the part about keeping them safe, but the whole cliché about they didn’t know what they were dealing with. Beebop thought he sounded like a bad sci-fi movie.
Once Maggie and Nana were awake, the four of them clustered around the kitchen table eating a hastily prepared breakfast of cereal with bananas and chocolate milk, orange juice, and coffee for Nana. Beebop was trying to work out the best way to get rid of the stone.
“I can throw it in the river, dig a deep hole and bury it, or I could simply pulverize it with a hammer. Of course, smashing it might release whatever it was we saw last night, assuming we really did see something. Now, I’m not a believer in evil spirits, ghosts, and things that go bump in the night – despite what I said last night about being Irish. But, I cannot understand what we saw - and we saw something. So, I’m open to suggestions about what to do.”
“I think we should crack it open and let the elf out. He seemed nice but very sad,” Maggie said.
“The elf acted like he needed our help and he didn’t scare me. Like Maggie said, he looked sad.” Aidan added. Maggie beamed as Aidan agreed with her.
Nana looked at the two children as if they had lost their minds. “Throw it as far away from us as you can. I would even say we should drive into Atlanta and drop it off the top of Stone Mountain or something, but I don’t think we should do anything that might set whatever we saw last night free. It’s dangerous!”
“No Nana!” both Aidan and Maggie cried. “We need to help the elf!”
“Would you listen to yourselves? Help the elf? You want to set free whatever is in the stone, and that is beyond foolish! We are getting rid of this thing. Besides, elves do not exist!” Nana said vehemently.
Beebop had remained silent during the exchange but now he cleared his throat and spoke.
“I will get rid of the stone. We won’t be cracking it open. End of discussion!”  Aidan opened his mouth to protest, but Beebop stopped him. “I said end of discussion!”
Beebop got up from the table and cleared the breakfast dishes. Aidan and Maggie sat at the table with hurt looks in their eyes, but Beebop wasn’t giving in an inch.
Beebop finished with the kitchen and said, “I will take a shower and then I’m getting rid of the stone.”
“I’m off to do a blog post, so you two go upstairs, make your beds, and get dressed. And don’t forget to brush your teeth,” Nana said.
“Yes ma’am.” Aidan and Maggie said together in small, hurt voices.
The siblings got up from the breakfast table and headed for the stairs. Aidan went to his room and Maggie to hers. Once Maggie had disappeared in her room, Aidan sneaked back out and crept into Nana and Beebop’s room. He found Beebop’s clothes on the floor and fished through the pockets until his fingers closed around the fairy cross Beebop had placed there earlier in the morning. He took the stone out and looked at it, noticing there was a faint bluish illumination inside the stone. Aidan made a quick decision. He would free the elf trapped inside and show Beebop it wasn’t dangerous. He just needed to sneak out to the workshop before Nana and Beebop discovered what he was doing. Aidan turned to leave and almost ran into Maggie.
“Aidan, what are you doing? Did you take the stone from Beebop? Are you going to break it open?”
“I’m setting the elf free. I will show Nana and Beebop he isn’t dangerous. Do you want to help me?” Aidan responded.
“Let’s go!” Maggie answered without hesitation. The two of them bounded downstairs and headed out the back door, calling to Nana that they were going outside to jump on the trampoline. Not waiting for an answer, they ran out the back door and into the yard. They crossed it, got the key from Beebop’s hidden spot, and unlocked the workshop.  The workshop held Beebop’s tools he used to maintain the house, do woodworking projects – Beebop built the beds Maggie and Aidan slept on - and do little repairs around the property. The number of tools plus the workshop organization made finding a hammer easy. Aidan grabbed one of the many hammers and placed the stone on top of the workbench.
He glanced nervously at Maggie.
“We will be in Beebop’s trouble when he finds out what we did.”
Aidan was referring to what Beebop used to tell them when they were little that they were going to be in Beebop’s trouble if they didn’t behave. This overqualified as misbehaving and going against his wishes. Aidan knew, as did Maggie, that they were likely to be in deeper trouble with him than ever before and neither relished the idea. Since they had already taken the stone, breaking it open wouldn’t worsen the punishment - they hoped! Aidan sighed again, looked once more at Maggie, and swung the hammer.
Back in the house, Beebop had finished his shower, dressed, and was looking for the stone.
“I remember I put it in my pocket, so where is it?” he muttered to himself. Beebop glanced out of the window and saw Aidan and Maggie headed into the workshop, still wearing their pajamas. He realized what they must be doing and ran downstairs calling for Nana.
“Nana, we need to get to the workshop. Aidan and Maggie are about to break the stone!”
Nana ran out of the office and out the back door, pushing her hair from her eyes. Beebop was yelling for them to stop, but just as he reached the door, there was a flash of blue light from the workshop and a sharp cracking sound. He and Nana burst through the door to find Aidan and Maggie staring open-mouthed at - well - an elf. Both Beebop and Nana stopped and stared, too. The elf drew itself up to its full height and looked back at the four of them calmly.
“Thank you for freeing me from my prison,” he said in formal and unaccented English. “I have been in the stone much too long and I feared I would never be released.”
The elf continued, “I am Findecano Saralonde and I am at your service.”
Findecano wore light green leather shirt and pants. He had long blondish hair, pale skin, and golden colored eyes. He was thin as a rail, yet an aura of strength radiated from him.
The four of them were still staring at him, but Nana, realizing this, let her manners take control.
“Um, nice to meet you, Mr. Saralonde. Welcome to our home,” Nana said graciously.
“I am honored to be in your home. Although I must admit, the circumstances are unusual. I have limited experience with your kind, and I have seen little civility when I encountered them. Your hospitality is a most pleasant and welcome change. Of course, many years have passed since I have spoken with humans. I realize my appearance is unexpected but I welcome the chance to rest and perhaps have something to eat. I shall then take my leave and continue with my journey.” Findecano finished speaking and looked at them inquiringly.
Nana realized Findecano was waiting for introductions, so she said, “I’m called Nana by my grandchildren, Aidan and Maggie.” With a gesture, Nana indicated Aidan and Maggie. “This is Beebop, my husband.”
“I am not familiar with the terms grandchildren or husband.” Findecano answered. “But my impression is you and the man are joined and these are your offspring.”
“Not exactly,” Beebop laughed. “The children are the offspring of our offspring.”
“Ah,” Findecano said. “You are the elders. In my world, elders are much esteemed and revered. Is it the same here?”
“We can only hope,” answered Beebop gloomily. “Well, since Aidan freed you, we might as well go into the house instead of standing around in the workshop.”
Beebop gestured towards the door and then gave Aidan and Maggie a stern look indicating they would indeed be in his trouble later. They both swallowed hard and looked at each other, but headed out of the workshop leading the way to the house. Beebop was the last out of the workshop and paused at the door to lock it. He turned toward the house shaking his head at the foolishness – and bravery - of the children. Beebop missed a second burst of blue light from the fractured stone.
Beebop entered the house through the back door and went into the kitchen. The other four sat at the table and peppered Findecano with questions.
“Are you really an elf?  Do you know Santa Claus?” asked Maggie as Beebop pulled up a chair.
“Santa Claus is not someone with whom I am familiar, but I am truly an elf. There are, of course, many elves, and many creatures you humans call fairies are different elves,” Findecano answered.
Maggie looked so crestfallen that he added, “Bear in mind, my incarceration lasted for many years, so maybe this person came to be after it started.” Maggie looked relieved, but Aidan just rolled his eyes.
“How did you get trapped in a stone? How could you breathe? What did you eat?” asked Aidan, barely pausing to breathe between questions.
“How I got trapped is a long tale. The simplest way I can explain is that in my world, magic exists. If you know the right magic, you can make things that may seem impossible happen. Thus, it was with me. Trapped in the stone, I did not age, nor was I hungry or thirsty. It was as though time stopped during my imprisonment - though I marked the passage of time. Magic allowed me to be shrunk to a size that could be accommodated by the stone.”
“I don’t understand how you even exist,” Beebop stated in a flat monotone. “It isn’t logical you are here, that you came out of a rock, or that we are even carrying on a conversation with you. I think I must be going crazy!”
“I can understand your reluctance to believe that which sits in front of you. As elders, you are supposed to be the source of knowledge and learning for the younger, yet something beyond your knowledge and comprehension is here. I am what I am and I exist. There are mysteries in this world, and in mine, that many do not understand, yet delve into without regard for the consequences of their search. That is not your concern as my quest is to uncover and stop this transgression.”
Nana, who had been silent during this exchange, suddenly asked.
“What do you normally eat?”
If the sudden change of topics threw Findecano, he didn’t show it.
“Madam, we elves eat what many humans eat. We enjoy meat, vegetables, and fruits.”
“Please call me Nana. I will see what I can prepare for breakfast. If you will excuse me, I will get it started.”
Nana went into the kitchen and banged pots and pans around with more enthusiasm than she normally did. Aidan unconsciously licked his lips in anticipation even though they had finished breakfast just a little while ago.
“So…I would love to hear how you got stuck in a rock. It seems impossible to me,” Beebop said.
Just as Findecano opened his mouth to answer, the back door burst in and a huge figure filled the doorway. Aidan and Maggie screamed and ran from the room.  Beebop and Findecano leaped to their feet and faced the door.  What they saw filled Beebop with fear and Findecano with rage.
Findecano spoke coolly though. “So, my guardian returns. I had hoped to leave you in the stone.”
The figure came through the door, stopping in the mudroom, and Beebop could finally see the hulking figure that was ugly beyond words. The creature had a huge bulbous nose, small beady eyes, a misshapen hairless head, and a terrible stench he could smell from across the room.
“What on earth is that thing?” Beebop asked shakily.
The creature spoke in a low rumbling voice. “Findecano, the humans are not part of this. Leave them and come with me or I shall destroy them and still take you with me. I must keep you under my control.”
“Look you - thing! You will not hurt my family and Findecano is our guest, so if he stays, that’s his business not yours. Now leave my home!” Beebop roared, his temper flaring.
“I am not a thing. I am a troll. My masters ordered me to guard and control this elf so he cannot do mischief to their plans. I, too, have been in the stone for years too numerous to count. I do not plan on facing the wrath of my masters so he can be free.”
“Troll, you won’t do anything in my house. I look at you and I see a bald, ugly monster. I will go upstairs and get my gun and we will see who takes who and who destroys whom,” Beebop said, more calmly than he felt.
Beebop didn’t take his eyes off the troll, but he yelled over his shoulder.
“Aidan, go upstairs and get my shotgun from the closet and bring it to me.”
Aidan, who was peeking around a corner with Maggie, ran up the stairs, found the gun, and made sure he locked the safety. He hurried down the stairs and gave the gun to Beebop. Beebop took the shotgun, released the safety, racked the slide, and pointed the gun at the troll.
The troll eyed Beebop contemptuously and then laughed.
“Silly human, your weapons cannot hurt me. The only way you can control me is to name my name, and not even the elf knows that information. Now, let the elf go with me and I shall go in peace. Otherwise, I will destroy you.”
“Findecano, is what he says true?” Beebop asked nervously.
Findecano fidgeted briefly and then answered, “Yes. Your weapons cannot hurt a magic creature and unfortunately, for us, a troll is indeed a creature of magic, though trolls cannot use magic well. I cannot risk your family getting injured due to my presence, so I must go with him.”
The troll moved across the floor toward Findecano when he suddenly stopped and had a most curious look on his hideous face. At the same time he stopped, there was a loud clunk from behind him. The troll’s eyes rolled up in his head and he fell forward with a resounding crash. Standing behind the troll on her kitchen stool was Nana, and she held the cast iron frying pan she used to knock the troll on his head.
Nana looked at them and said, “Don’t just stand there. Find something to tie him up with!”
Beebop stood staring at her in amazement for a moment, then dashed out the damaged door back to the workshop. He went to unlock the door when he discovered the troll had ripped the locked door from its hinges. Beebop stepped over the ruined door and looked around frantically for rope. That was something he didn’t keep on hand, so he picked the next best thing - and something he learned about and used in the Navy - duct tape. As he had once heard and experienced, the United States Navy submarine force couldn’t put to sea without duct tape. He had seen it in action on the boat, so he hoped it worked as well here. Beebop grabbed the roll and headed back to the house.
The troll was unconscious on the floor when he got back, so Beebop wrapped the sticky tape around the hairy arms and the exposed lower legs of the troll. He got the arms and legs wrapped and called Aidan to help sit the troll upright. Aidan wasn’t keen on helping move the stinking troll, but he came over reluctantly and helped Beebop sit the troll against the wall. Then, they wrapped the troll even more, until he looked like a mummy, and they hoped the restraints were enough to keep him from breaking free. They were about to find out as the troll shook his head and strained against the tape. As they hoped, the tape held and the troll only bellowed and cursed at them. Beebop asked for the tape again.
“If you don’t stop hollering and cursing, I will tape your mouth shut, you Yul Brenner - looking thing,” said Beebop. The troll suddenly stopped making noise and stared most curiously at Beebop.
“How did you discover my name?” the troll asked with disbelief in his rumbling voice. “I am now under your control as you have named me. I am Yul and I cannot hurt you or anyone associated with you, including the elf, unless you allow it.”
Yul looked troubled. “Please let me go and I will return to my world and face my masters as a failure. I shall never trouble you again.”
Beebop had serious reservations about the troll’s sudden change of heart and made no move to free the monster.
Beebop looked at the troll - Yul - and then at Findecano.
He asked, “Findecano is what the troll, er...Yul says true? If I set him free, will he just leave here and not bother us again?”
“Yes. The troll speaks truly. If I had known his name, I would have sent him away long ago. I cannot understand how you discovered his name, but you now control him and as he said, he cannot hurt you or anyone else close to you unless you grant him permission. It is similar to your threat to use your weapon against him; it would not work. In our world, there are rules which must be obeyed and naming one’s enemies is a powerful thing.”
“How will he be able to return to your world? Is there some kind of gate or portal nearby?” Beebop asked.
“Yes,” Findecano replied. “Near where you found the stone which imprisoned us, is a place where the barrier can be crossed. He can reenter our world there. I can cross at that point as well.”
“Well, you can return the troll to your world, but you have to stay with us until we can figure out what is going on. I won’t have my family put at risk for something I don’t understand. My fear is others will come looking for you and since I know your name, I can compel you to stay.”
Findecano bowed his head toward Beebop and said, “You are mistaken. You do not have power over me since I freely gave you my name, and you did not have to discover it. I suspect you are correct. Others may follow once they discover the troll has failed to keep me under control. I do not know whether the stone’s destruction might alert my captors to the fact I am free, but the troll’s return will most assuredly give them the knowledge. Therefore, I will stay until I am certain your family is safe. I may be able to help you protect your family in the event Yul’s masters come for a visit.”
Beebop didn’t believe they could pick up the troll and carry him to the truck to drive to the barrier crossing, so he cut the tape from Yul’s legs. Beebop looked pensively at Findecano before speaking.
“Yul, I will free your legs. But, I will not free your hands and arms until we reach the barrier crossing – whatever that is. I understand you aren’t able to hurt me or my family now, but I’m not familiar with your ways, so to be on the safe side, I will keep your arms restrained,” Beebop told the troll. He cut away the tape from Yul’s legs so that the troll could walk.
“Nana, Findecano and I are taking the troll to the barrier crossing, whatever and wherever that is. Keep an eye on Aidan and Maggie. Those two have caused enough trouble for one day!” Aidan and Maggie dropped their heads at his words, stared at their feet, and remained silent as Beebop and Findecano helped the troll to his feet. They escorted Yul out the ruined back door and headed for Beebop’s truck. Beebop opened the side door to the garage and raised the garage door. Both Yul and Findecano gaped at the door rising with no help from Beebop.
Beebop considered trying to explain it, but then thought better of it. He opened the tailgate, motioned for the troll to climb in, which it awkwardly did, and slammed the tailgate shut. Beebop helped Findecano open the passenger door of the truck, then went around to the driver’s side, climbed in, started the truck, and drove out of the yard and into the woods.
Findecano was unsure what to think about the truck.
“The last contact I had with humans, they either rode horses, walked, or rode in carts or wagons. Here we ride in comfort with no horses pulling us. A moment ago, you opened the door without help. Have you humans rediscovered magic?”
“No,” replied Beebop with a smile. “This is my truck – originally called a horseless carriage. There isn’t any magic associated with it, but if your world doesn’t have the technology, it might appear that way. Or, as a very wise man named Arthur C. Clarke once said, ‘any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic’.”
Beebop followed the trail through the woods until they got as close as they could to the fairy mounds. He stopped the truck and got out, helped Findecano get out of the truck, and opened the tailgate again so Yul could climb out of the truck bed. Beebop got his multi-tool out and sliced through the restraining tape. Beebop peeled the layers of tape from Yul’s arms and tore clumps of coarse black hair out of Yul’s arms, but Yul didn’t even flinch. Once Yul was free of the tape, Beebop wadded up the remnants and put it in the back of the truck so he could dispose of it later. Beebop then asked Findecano to direct them to the barrier crossing. Findecano struck out across the woods. Yul followed and Beebop brought up the rear. There was no way he would let the troll be behind him.
Findecano walked for about five minutes and stopped by a small opening in the hillside. Beebop had traversed his land many times and noticed the small cave before, but never ventured inside it. Bears still lived up here, and he didn’t relish meeting one in a cave, or anywhere else for that matter.  Findecano had no such qualms as he strolled directly into the opening. Yul had to squeeze through and Beebop had to wait until he was fully inside and past the opening before he could enter. He stuck his head into the cave and the well-lighted interior amazed him. Beebop didn’t remember Findecano having a torch or flashlight, but soon saw the light was from torches set into holders on the wall. Interestingly enough, the torches burned without smoke and didn’t consume the wood of the torch. Yul and Findecano crowded against the back of the cave. Findecano chanted in an odd language unknown to Beebop. As he chanted, the back wall of the cave shimmered and lost its solid appearance. After a few more moments of the singsong chant, Findecano stopped and looked at Yul.
“You may return to our world. Remember the ways of our world bind you, and you cannot hurt anyone associated with Beebop or his family, and, because I, too, am under his protection, you cannot hurt me. I suggest you try to avoid your masters for as long as you can. I fear they are displeased with you – or as forgiving as Beebop has been to you.”
Yul spoke in his deep rumbling voice. “I hear you elf. I will try my best to avoid them. Be warned that my masters may compel me to return and fight you once again should they catch me. While Beebop may have discovered my name, they hold something even more powerful than my name. They cannot compel me to action while I am in the human world. Once I return to our world, should they find me, they will determine what actions I take. It cannot be otherwise.” Findecano nodded grimly.
Yul turned to Beebop and spoke formally.
“Beebop, once you discovered my name, you could have destroyed me as I would have destroyed you and your family. Despite this, you showed great kindness in not destroying me, and did not humiliate me while I lay trussed and helpless. Now you would set me free to return to my world. Perhaps, at some point in the future, I will repay the kindness. I am still in your debt. I bid you farewell for now, Beebop, but I believe you and I shall meet again.”
Yul inclined his huge head at Beebop and Findecano, turned, and walked into the shimmering cave wall and disappeared. Findecano spoke in the odd language again and the cave wall solidified again. Task finished, Findecano spoke a few words, and the torches went out.
Findecano gestured toward the entrance and said, “Time for us to go, Beebop. This area is enchanted and only beings of magic can find their way in and out. I will lead us away from here because you will be unable find your way out without my help.” He turned and left the cave and walked unerringly to the truck, Beebop close behind him.
They got in the truck and Beebop turned to Findecano and said, “We are going back to my house. There we will get something to eat and you will explain what is happening!”
With a firm set of his jaw, Beebop put the truck in gear and headed back towards the house.





Chapter 3
 
 
 
Beebop and Findecano arrived back at the house after taking Yul to the barrier crossing. The two rode silently on the short trip to the house. Beebop thought about everything that had transpired and Findecano marveled at the technology of the truck. The seeming magical ability of the truck to move without help amazed him. Beebop considered explaining the workings of the internal combustion engine, but figured Findecano wouldn’t have any use for the knowledge. Besides, he had more pressing on his mind - mainly how to get out of this impossible circumstance. The situation was impossible because elves and trolls don’t exist. They are fairy tales. Yet, sitting next to him in the truck was a creature with long blonde hair, beautiful features, big golden eyes, and large pointed ears. He witnessed Findecano speak in a foreign tongue and cause the wall of a cave to become a passable membrane to another world. Beebop parked the truck in the garage and shook his head in resignation.
Findecano exited the passenger’s door and walked over to Beebop.
“I would like to learn, someday, how your vehicle works,” he said. “It most intriguing and fascinating, but I think you have other questions that need answers. Now is not the time to discuss your truck. Let us go into your home and I will try to provide any answers I can.”
Beebop nodded his agreement, and the two went into the house.
Nana, Aidan, and Maggie were waiting in the kitchen for them. Nana had prepared another breakfast and invited both of them to sit and eat. As was their custom, Nana, Beebop, Aidan, and Maggie joined hands and asked the blessing while Findecano watched in silence. When they had finished, Nana fixed Findecano a heaping plate of fried eggs, buttered toast, country ham, grits, and added a small bowl of fruit. She placed a glass of orange juice by his plate.
As she put food on his plate, he asked, “What was the ritual you performed?” Findecano sniffed the food appreciatively and ate as Nana answered his question.
“It is a blessing for the food.” Nana explained the prayer and its significance. When she finished her explanation, Findecano, around bites of food, explained that the elves didn’t have a similar belief system.
Aidan and Maggie were literally squirming to ask questions, but had to wait while he and Nana discussed the blessing.
When they had finished and Maggie had a chance, she asked, “What is it like where you live?”
Findecano paused as he chewed and swallowed and then replied, “Celahir is similar to your world, except magic is at work there. Of course,” he continued, “we do not have vehicles that move by themselves and other such things. We do not have the strange lights that light your home, and we cook over open fires. I do not understand where you got the eggs or the ham since I have not seen chickens or pigs here. I know I am strange to you, but to me, you are just as strange.”
“What about the torches in the cave that burned without consuming the wood?” Beebop asked. Aidan perked up at that bit of information.
“The cave is a place of magic. We have those torches in our world, but enchantment prevents the wood from burning,” Findecano answered.
“Why do you think we found you?” Aidan asked. “Do you think it was just luck?”
“I suspect, as we talk, it may become obvious why it was you who found me and set me free. It may just be coincidence. Where I come from, though, engaging in talk that may upset the listeners instead of eating is an insult to the host. I will finish my meal before we speak of it.” Findecano fell silent and continued eating.
Aidan started to ask another question, but a warning look from Nana stopped him. He turned to his plate and ate as quickly as he could. He couldn’t wait to discover the rest of Findecano’s story!
As it turned out, Findecano was very hungry. Nana had to cook him more eggs and ham. Finally, he was full, and Beebop cleaned up the kitchen in record time. Once he finished, they went into the living room, sat around Findecano, and waited for him to tell them his story. Findecano was quiet for a few minutes as if he was organizing his thoughts or recalling past events, then - in a calm, even voice - began his tale.
“Elves are an ancient race. We were old even before humans populated the earth. We have been a race divided for as long as any living elf can remember. I know elders over two thousand years old and even they do not recall the events that led to our division. Our legends say there was a war between the Dark and Light Elves. The result of the war was the division of our race.”
Findecano paused as the four listeners gaped in wonder at the ages of the elders.
“I see you are amazed at our longevity.  Elves live long lives. Immortality is not an elven trait - despite what human legends say. Each elf will live as long as necessary to fulfill their purpose. Some live much longer than others,” Findecano explained.
“How old are you?” Aidan asked.
“I am young for an elf and am only six hundred years old. My imprisonment in the stone lasted for two hundred years, by my estimation,” Findecano answered. “Perhaps that is why I ate so much food this morning.”
They laughed and Nana asked, “How is it you look so young if you are, as you say, six hundred years old?”
“Elves age until they reach twenty years of age. Once they reach that age, our aging slows and we do not grow old at the rate as other beings do. After one thousand years, our hair begins to gray. That is the extent of the changes. Aging for the Dark Elves is different in physical terms. Due to dwelling underground, their skin is dark and their hair is lighter. Their hair darkens as they age and their skin becomes paler. Other than those differences, their age as we do.”
“What are Dark Elves?” Nana asked.
“The elves are divided into the Light Elves and the Dark Elves. I am of the Light Elves. We live in forests and mountains, are masters of the bow and arrow, and are among the great hunters of the world. We are great trackers and horsemen. Our brethren are the Dark Elves, also known as the Drow. The Dark Elves are masters of the sword and shield and they are master swordsmiths in particular and metalsmiths in general. Our legends say that once all elves dwelt in harmony and peace and worked with metals and wood to make the most beautiful objects. Then, after the Great Division, the Light Elves lived in the forests and mountains, while the Dark Elves dwelt in the caves and caverns of the Earth. They became great miners and further honed their already considerable skills in metalworking. They learned to work with gemstones and created the nine sacred gemstones of the elves at the behest of the god of the seas. Each of the gemstones is the carved with sacred runes of power. The Drow set four of the gems in the Elven Sword, possessed by the Dark Elves. They place the other four gems in the Elven Bow, which the Light Elves possess. The power from the eight gems combines and provides power for the ninth gem, a flawless diamond. The diamond, in return, amplifies the power from the other gems to create and sustain the barrier between the human world and my world. I do not know the inner workings of the gemstones - much like your vehicle, Beebop - but they work,” Findecano looked at Beebop and smiled.
Beebop returned the smile and asked, “If the barrier exists, how are you able to cross it? And how was Yul able to return to your world?”
“Excellent questions and ones I would ask if I were you.”  Findecano replied. “I am able to cross the boundary because I am a Light Elf and the barrier crossing we used is in a forest. There are similar crossings at various points of the world in both Light and Dark areas. The crossings are located near forests or caves – where Light or Dark Elves live. While crossing in a Dark area is more difficult for me - as is a Light region crossing for a Dark Elf - we are able. Yul crossed because I opened the barrier and because the theft of the gemstones from the Elven Bow weakened the barrier. Trolls and other such beings do not have the magical ability to manipulate the barrier. For centuries, the barrier maintained the separation between our worlds and the elves, both Light and Dark, lived in relative peace with each other. Elves can cross the barrier and live in the human world. Perhaps the elves of Santa Claus came this way, Maggie.” Maggie looked at him in surprise and grinned.
“Many of the legends humans have regarding elves result from these elves who chose to live among the humans.  Although difficult for elves to do, a few are able. Elves do not thrive in separation from the rest of elven-kind but a few follow different callings. It is easier for me to be apart as my own father spent much time in this world. As I look back on it now, I suspect he did what he did so I could fulfill my purpose. I had two hundred years to reflect upon things, which helped me reach that conclusion. I have not seen my father since before my imprisonment. He disappeared during one of his trips to the human world.”
“Aren’t you sad he is gone?” Maggie asked. “Did you try to find out what happened to him?”
“As I mentioned, elves believe each being has a purpose to fulfill. I do not know what my father’s purpose was, so I had no idea where he might have gone. I hope my father completed his purpose before he died. Elves do not mourn death as humans do. Elves believe death is a natural part of the life cycle and do not fear their end. The thing most elves fear is dying before they fulfill their purpose. If an elf dies before fulfilling their purpose, their life is considered a failure.”
“How do you know you have completed your task? I mean, are you born knowing what your life task will be, or do you receive spiritual guidance?” Beebop asked with a puzzled look on his face.
“Now that is something of a mystery. Some elves are guided toward a calling while others tend to wander through life until a task is thrust upon them.”
“So, you kind of decide what your purpose will be? How can you be a failure if only you know your purpose? Do you tell anyone your purpose?” Beebop persisted.
Findecano appeared to be at a loss to explain, so Nana diplomatically redirected the conversation.
“What is your purpose, then?” asked Nana, giving Beebop a scathing stare.
“Before I get to my purpose, let me continue with my story,” Findecano replied. He was relieved to change topics. “As I said, the eight gemstones of the elves sustain the ninth gem to power the barrier. Thus, it was for centuries. Two hundred years ago, thieves stole the gemstones of the Light Elves and replaced them with false gems. There are great consequences associated with this event, as I will try to explain. I caught the thieves who stole the real gems during one of our Great Ceremonies.”
Findecano noticed Nana’s eyebrows rise at the mention of the Great Ceremonies, so he elaborated.
“The Light Elves celebrate certain events during our year just as you humans do. Elves connect our festivals with celestial events such as the summer and winter solstices or the spring and autumnal equinox. It was during the summer solstice that I had the task of offering hospitality to visiting Dark Elves. I invited the two visitors to lodge in my home. The Elven Council thought this a great honor, but I was unsure. My father often told me the Light and Dark Elves lived in an uneasy peace due to the banishment of the Drow underground. He told me to beware their intentions, but did not elaborate. It was with trepidation I invited the two envoys from the Dark Elves to our celebration. Those two betrayed the Light Elves and imperiled the world.”
“Who were they?” Aidan asked quietly, fascinated by the story.
“Their names are Enelya Leralonde and Elerosse Silimaure. The Drow were at my home to observe our summer solstice celebration and discuss trade of gemstones and metals for our wood and agricultural products. The elves do not have a true government system so the governance of the elves falls to those who display the characteristics of leadership and service. From my father, I inherited a sense of responsibility and a strong sense of right and wrong. Even though I was young in elven terms, many looked to me for leadership. It was for that reason the Elven Council chose me to offer lodging and hospitality to our guests. As it turned out, my leadership was inadequate to the trickery and malice those two brought among us.”
Findecano paused at the painful memory and fell silent for a moment.
Nana seized upon the opportunity and said, “It’s time for a break. Findecano looks tired and likely needs to rest. We have been listening to him for hours now and we need to have lunch and leave him alone for a time. Beebop, please show Findecano to the guest room in the basement.”
Maggie and Aidan protested together, “Nana! We want to hear the rest of the story!”
Findecano looked at them and then bowed his head toward Nana.
“Nana is wise. She sees I am fatigued and need to rest. Elves do not sleep as humans do; we enter a trance-like state for half a day and we awaken completely rested. If we are extremely fatigued or recovering from an injury, we can sleep for days. I ask that you leave me to rest and I will finish my tale when I return.”
Aidan and Maggie frowned but didn’t say anything else as Beebop lead Findecano to the basement. He showed him where he could rest and then returned to the kitchen where Nana was preparing a quick lunch of grilled cheese sandwiches accompanied by homemade tomato soup.
Beebop examined the back door that Yul crashed through and said, “This repair won’t take but a minute. Yul damaged the doorjamb but it just needs a quick repair with a couple of pieces of wood. I will fix it after lunch. Unfortunately, the door to the workshop is smashed, so I have to replace it.”
Nana, Beebop, Aidan, and Maggie sat at the kitchen table, asked the blessing, and ate. Between bites, Aidan asked, “What are we going to do about Findecano? Are we going to help him?”
Nana replied, “We’ll let him rest and we’ll feed him. But, we aren’t crossing the barrier with him or going to his world if that is what you are asking. It’s not our fight and we would probably do more harm than good to both his quest and our health.”
“But,” Maggie said speaking around a mouthful of grilled cheese. “He needs us! We are his only friends.”
“Friends or not, we have no business in his world just as he has no business in ours. Look at it this way: no one here will believe we saw an elf. It’s better if we have this secret as our own. Besides, how would we explain this to your mother and father?” Beebop replied.
Both the grandchildren looked disappointed and finished their meal in silence. Nana went back to her office to finish a blog post, and the kids started halfheartedly playing a video game. After clearing the table and putting the dishes in the dishwasher, Beebop got his tools and repaired the back door. He found he needed to put in a new door, but this would suffice until he had the time to replace the door. He went to the workshop, cut a piece of plywood, and made a temporary door to close the workshop until he could get a new door for it, too. Repairs finished, he went to the living room to play video games with the grandchildren and wait until Findecano reappeared.
A few hours passed before the door to the basement opened and Findecano stepped out. He looked considerably more rested than earlier and eager to continue his narrative. Beebop gathered the children and Nana and they returned to the living room. He poured Nana and the children Cokes and a Diet Mountain Dew for himself. Findecano asked for plain water and Beebop obliged him. Drinks supplied, Beebop settled into his recliner and listened as Findecano started anew with his tale.
“When I stopped to rest,” Findecano began. “I was telling you about our Dark Elf visitors. Enelya and Elerosse were my guests. Before I can relate to you what they did, I must tell you of the nine sacred gemstones. I have told you the Diamond is the stone of power that sustains the barrier. The power of the eight gemstones of the Elven Bow and the Elven Sword sustain the Diamond. Light Elves fashioned the Elven Bow from the wood of the sacred rowan tree. The rowan is a cousin of the World Tree.”
Findecano paused at Beebop’s raised eyebrow. 
“Surely you know the story of the World Tree?”
When Beebop shook his head, Findecano looked at Aidan and Maggie. They shook their heads, as did Nana when he shot here an inquiring look at her.
“The human world has indeed changed. Once, your kind knew of the World Tree. Perhaps the magic in the human race has disappeared during my confinement in the stone. The World Tree, known as Yggdrasil, is an enormous ash tree upon which the world sits. The branches of the tree hold up the sky and the roots reach into the underworld connecting everything together. This is why elves do not fear death. It is a natural part of the cycle of life and elves believe they return to the earth to be once again part of nature when they die. The rowan tree, known in places as the mountain ash, is a cousin of the ash. Because of this kinship, rowan has many magical and mystical properties. After careful consideration, we chose the rowan tree from which to fashion the bow, selecting the tree with the greatest powers we could find. We carved the bow with symbols of power and set the gemstones into the bow. The bow is tall as a man, strung with sinew and almost impossible for anyone to draw. Legends say my father drew it once, but that may be only a tale. It is the most beautiful bow imaginable. The four gemstones set in it are the Carnelian for courage; Amethyst for happiness and joy; Emerald for healing; and Ruby for love. Each of these stones has carved upon them ancient Elvish runes of power. In my world, gemstones have tremendous power. In your world, they once did. Now, people wear them as baubles for decoration unaware of the powers they contain. They still understand, deep inside, that they were once something of power. Please tell me your birthstones.”
“Mine is aquamarine, Nana’s is blue topaz, Aidan’s is sapphire, and Maggie’s is ruby,” Beebop replied.
Findecano nodded and said, “I am glad you know them. They are not the birthstones of antiquity though. In my world, the birthstones for you are the bloodstone for Beebop, ruby for Nana, peridot for Aidan, and onyx for Maggie. Your possession of both your new birthstones and the birthstones of old enhances the powers inherent in them. Each would serve you well in a time of need. I see from your workshop in the basement where I rested that you have an interest in gemstones.”
Beebop answered, “Yes, finding, collecting, and beautifying the stones has become a hobby of mine. I cut facets, make cabochons, and tumble stones. We have many gems native to the mountains. I have not, however, felt power from them.”
“Indeed,” Findecano said. “Most humans do not. You must attune the stones to your mind and your world has largely forgotten how. It is of little consequence, though, as most of the magic has fled your world. Your birthstones are significant sources of power in my world. For instance, the onyx increases a person’s instincts and improves happiness. Consider Maggie’s other birthstone and Nana’s too; each has many magical properties.  Rubies protect the wearer from both physical and psychic attacks, for example. Peridot enhances confidence and connects a person to their destiny. So, your birthstones are a source of extraordinary power in my world.”
“You said there were four gems in the Elven Sword. Can you tell us more about those gems?” Nana asked, trying to steer the conversation back to the gemstones.
“Yes, I am sorry I got distracted from my story. I, too, have a fascination with gemstones. As I was saying, the Elven Sword holds four gemstones. The gemstones of the sword are the Aquamarine for wisdom; Topaz for truth; Garnet for justice, and Sapphire for power. The Elven Sword itself is a magnificent example of the finest sword craft in existence. Made of adamantine, the sword is a weapon worthy of the gods.”
“I took a course in material science when I was in the Navy and we never discussed adamantine and I have never heard of it.” Beebop asked.
“Adamantine is an indestructible metal. Only the most expert artisans can work the metal and forge it into the objects of their desire. The metal itself has inherent magical properties. Adamantine was the metal used in the past to forge weapons for the gods. According to elven lore, adamantine was the metal used to forge Thor’s hammer. Valandil Lissesul, the greatest elf swordsmith in our long history, forged the Elven Sword. Valandil forged the blade at the behest of the God of the Seas. He secreted himself in his workshop and allowed no one to see the blade until he finished. Etched on the blade are endless whorls of designs incomprehensible to anyone but Valandil. He decorated the hilt of the sword with four gemstones. If you can, imagine the sword with a cross-shaped hilt. At each end of the cross sits a gem, at the intersection of the hilt and the crosspiece sits the third gem, and the final gem set into the base of the hilt. The etchings, we suspect, are words of power, but no one can interpret them. After he finished the sword and presented it to the Dark Elves, Valandil went deep into the mines and disappeared. We assume he fulfilled his purpose and died.”
“What does this have to do with you being locked into a stone?” Aidan asked.
“Now we come to the crux of the story,” Findecano answered. “My guests attended our celebration, and they were behaving strangely. When elves celebrate, it is a wonderful spectacle. One of your human legends says that if a human sees an elf dancing, they are entranced and they may not awaken from the trance for thirty or more years. Light Elves are a happy people and have a great love of life. When the opportunity presents itself to celebrate, a feast is prepared with roasts of deer, wild boar, and rabbit, plates of vegetables and fruits, music, and wine - lots of wine. Yet, our guests did not partake of the food and wine in the quantities that most of the other elves did. Perhaps their actions are the way of the Dark Elves, but it left me unsettled. For that reason, I did not join in the celebration as I might have otherwise, but instead kept an eye upon the visitors. After hours of eating, drinking, and dancing, most of the elves retired to their homes to rest and recover from the celebration. I pretended to be more in my cups than I truly was. I walked my guests to my home and retired for the night. As I suspected, my guests did not rest. I lay awake listening, and soon enough, they crept from their room, opened my door to see if I was resting, which I pretended to be, and sneaked out. I waited for a few moments and then I followed them. The rest of the elves were resting and recovering from the celebration, so there was not another soul in sight. As I said, Light Elves are amazing hunters, so tracking the path of the two other elves was a simple matter. They did not try to be stealthy. They took a direct route to the Council Hall where we keep the Elven Bow. I entered the Council Hall through a secret entrance. I watched from the shadows and saw Enelya remove a dagger from her belt and pry the gems from the bow. Once she removed the gems, Elerosse took false gems from a pouch attached to his belt and replaced those the Enelya removed. As they turned to leave, I stepped from the shadows and confronted them. After a few minutes of accusations from them claiming the Light Elves oppressed the Dark Elves, or the Drow, as they refer to themselves, Elerosse pulled a rare gemstone from his pouch. He used it with an equally rare magic incantation to paralyze me. Then he taunted me with what they planned to do. A monster in my world would receive a gemstone for safekeeping. The gems allow the monsters to control their particular region of our realm. The replacement gems, each lacking the true Elven runes and the flawless character of the originals, would weaken the barrier between our world and that of the humans. Elerosse revealed the true reason for stealing the gemstones was to shift the balance of power in our world to the Drow. As the weaker gems in the Elven Bow feed less power to the diamond, more power flows from the Elven Sword. This extends the power of the Drow over our world. Eventually, the power could affect the human world, resulting in famine and pestilence, and causing war to increase among human kind. As the human misery spreads, the power of the Drow continues to increase until they can reign over both the elven world and the human world. While the Drow cannot control humankind, they can create puppet leaders to act on behalf of the Drow and rule according to their wishes. The Drow thrive on chaos and misery from all races, so adding human suffering increases their power and influence.”
“Once Elerosse finished telling me of their plans, he removed the chiastolite fairy cross stone from his pouch, and summoned a troll - Yul as we now know. Using a spell I had never heard, he imprisoned me in the stone. Elerosse placed Yul in the stone as my guardian. Now I am free, and I must return to the Celahir – the Elvish name for my world - and begin my quest to recover the gems and restore balance to my world and to yours.”
“You plan to do this by yourself?” Beebop asked incredulously.
“I will complete the task. I believe this to be my purpose and destiny. If you allow me to rest for tonight and provide me with food, I will be on my way at first light and leave you in peace. In return, I can teach the elven techniques for cutting and polishing gemstones. I believe the techniques will greatly enhance the stones.”
“We agree to letting you stay the night and we will be glad to give you food for your journey. I welcome the opportunity to learn techniques for faceting and polishing gems from someone who has much greater skill than I do. It’s a deal!” Beebop agreed with an enthusiastic smile.





Chapter 4
 
 
 
The afternoon and evening slipped by as Beebop sat with Findecano learning how to “read” a stone, as Findecano called it. He learned to look at a stone and see where the likely fracture line was, how to spot faults or inclusions in the different stones, how to decide where to cut a facet, and what stones would be the best to tumble, facet, or make into cabochons. Beebop knew a little of what Findecano taught, but most of the information was new to him. It was a very productive few hours. Maggie and Aidan watched quietly, occasionally asking questions about the stones and more questions about Findecano’s world. Findecano patiently answered the questions. Nana spent most of the afternoon in the kitchen making supper, which included a recipe for the blog. She also prepared food for Findecano to take with him in the morning.
When supper was ready, Nana called down to the basement for them to wash their hands and come to the supper table. The four filed up the stairs, washed up, and sat at the table. Nana served up a pot roast with potatoes and carrots, gravy, and homemade dinner rolls. For dessert, she had made her famous pecan cheesecake pie. They ate until they were about to pop, but saved enough room for a slice of pie, with extra homemade whipped cream for Aidan and Maggie. Meal finished, Nana made decaf coffee for herself - Beebop didn’t drink coffee, despite his years in the U.S. Navy - and they went into the living room while Beebop cleaned up the kitchen. The kids turned on the television and watched SpongeBob. Although Aidan was almost fourteen and Maggie was ten, they still enjoyed SpongeBob and Patrick. The device amazed Findecano and he asked Nana to explain how the television worked.
“I guess it’s something like how the diamond works with the power of the eight supporting gems,” Nana answered, trying to give Findecano a familiar frame of reference. “A television signal is created and broadcast. The satellite dish on the roof of the house captures the signal and sends it to the television. The television converts the signal to a picture. Based on what you told us, I assume the diamond receives the signals from the other stones and sends the output to the barrier. The barrier then receives the power and is maintained.”
“Conceptually, you are correct about how the barrier works. That is why the false gems are such an issue. The energy flowing from the gems on the Elven Bow is decreasing daily and will soon stop. The false gems do not resonate with the energy levels that the true gems do and the powerful runes engraved on each of the gemstones enhance the resonance. With no enhancement from the false runes and inadequate resonance, the false gems fail. This means that soon the only energy flowing to the barrier will be from the Elven Sword, which means the power and influence of the Drow grows daily. Has your world seen increasing unrest in the past two hundred years?” Findecano asked.
“During the last two hundred years, we have had many regional conflicts throughout the world. Famines, droughts, genocide, two global wars, increased terrorism, and possibly global warming, too. The list goes on and on,” Nana replied.
“So the decay is worse than I thought, and I must depart quickly when morning comes. The barrier continues to decay and it will continue until the barrier reaches equilibrium with the power of the Elven Sword. Then, the decay will cease due to the destruction of the barrier. The Drow will have dominion over the world and misery and despair will reign. I fear for my people. During my imprisonment, I received no news and do not know what has befallen them during that time. I suspect the lives of the Light Elves may descend toward chaos. The power from the Elven Bow sustains my people with the attributes of the gems. Without that power, what has or will happen to them frightens me.”
“Is there anything we can do to help?” Maggie asked.
Findecano smiled sadly. “Maggie, I am afraid not. This is a path I must travel alone.”
“But, this hurts our world, too,” Aidan protested. “We might be able to do something!”
Nana looked at the three of them and said, “We would be in Findecano’s way more than anything. Besides, I don’t believe we could solve this in the next week before school starts, and it’s unlikely the school would accept an excuse that you were off in Celahir trying to save both it and the human world.”
Findecano bowed his head and said, “Nana speaks truthfully.  I must move quickly and will not have much time to rest. Besides, the journey will be fraught with danger and I would not relish the idea of my human friends being at risk to help solve our problems.”
Aidan refused to let the subject go. “From what you said, the problems in this world might be directly related to those in Celahir. If true, we are already at risk and we should help!”
“No, we are not equipped to help with his quest. Now, it’s time for you to go upstairs for baths and bedtime,” Nana told Aidan and Maggie firmly. “Findecano, I prepared a small pack for your journey. You can get it in the morning after breakfast and we will escort you to the barrier and say our farewells.”
Nana bid him good night and shooed the two children upstairs for baths.
Findecano rose from the couch and wandered into the kitchen. Beebop had just finished loading the dishwasher, another gadget that fascinated Findecano. He asked Beebop how it operated. Beebop did his best to explain it, but Findecano just could not quite grasp the concept. After a while, he gave up and asked Findecano if he wanted a glass of tea. Tea was not something that Findecano was familiar with, but he tried it. Beebop poured two glasses of good old sweet iced tea. Findecano took a sip and found it was just about the most delicious drink he had ever tasted! Findecano drained the glass and then asked for a refill. Beebop obliged, chuckling. Few people could resist Nana’s sweet tea!
After they had finished the tea, Beebop headed off to bed. He set the alarm and made sure Findecano had everything he needed for the night, and then Beebop went up the stairs. Beebop checked on Aidan and Maggie, gave each a good night hug and a kiss – Aidan’s on the top of his head since he was too old for that stuff - and went into his bedroom. Nana was sitting up in bed reading.
As Beebop put on his pajamas, Nana said, “It has been a strange day. I’m having trouble believing any of this happened.”
“I know what you mean. If someone had come to me and told this story, I would have told them to get counseling. Unless the four of us are having a simultaneous hallucination, this is really happening. All I can hope for is when we take Findecano to the barrier in the morning this fades into a strange dream.”
“Just saying ‘take Findecano to the barrier’ sounds crazy,” Nana said. “But, we need to be careful.”
“Amen to that!” Beebop replied. He then went into the bathroom to brush his teeth. Beebop finished brushing, washed his face, climbed into the bed, kissed Nana, and turned off the bedside lamp.
“Good night my love.”
“Good night darling.” Nana replied as she turned off her light, too.
Morning came quickly. Beebop felt as though he had just closed his eyes when the sun streaming in the window awakened him. Of course, it could have been the fact that Aidan and Maggie jumped right in the middle of the bed that woke him.
“Guys,” Aidan said excitedly. “You need to get up and come downstairs. Findecano is gone!”
Beebop and Nana both hopped up and headed downstairs trailing the two children. When they reached the bottom of the stairs, Beebop noticed that the alarm was still set. With the alarm on, and every door and window in the house still closed and locked, it was unlikely Findecano left the house. Beebop led the way downstairs to the basement after picking up the poker from the set of fireplace tools next to the living room fireplace. Poker at the ready, Beebop opened the door to the guest room in the basement only to find Findecano wasn’t there. He turned and went into the basement game room where the big screen television and pool table were. They found Findecano there, stretched out on the pool table with his eyes closed. Deep regular breaths emanated from his chest and he appeared to be sleeping soundly. Findecano suddenly sat up and looked at them, no trace of sleepiness in his large golden eyes.
“Good morning, my friends. What brings you down here?”
“We...um...were afraid something had happened to you since you weren’t in your room,” stammered Aidan.
“I found that the bed was too soft for me. Two hundred years of living inside a rock has made luxury foreign. I hope you are not offended that I slept on this much harder surface.”
“Not a problem at all,” Beebop said. “If I had known I would have put you somewhere else. Are you hungry for breakfast?”
“Breakfast would be wonderful. But first, let me give you something I made for each of you last night,” Findecano answered.
Findecano rose from the pool table and jumped down lightly.  He went into the guest room and returned with a handful of necklaces.
Findecano stood in front of the four of them and said, “I fashioned these last night after you had retired for the evening. Beebop, I hope you do not mind I used your tools. They are excellent for working with the stones. For you Maggie, a ruby hung on a gold chain.”
Findecano leaned forward and placed the necklace gently around her neck. The stone was large, three or four carats, and hung from a delicate chain.
“This will give protection from enemies. While I do not anticipate any attacks, I wanted to supply what protection I could against the possibility. For Aidan, I made a sapphire set in silver. Remember the sapphire is the gemstone of power.  Power can be a two-edged sword, so use it wisely.” Aidan nodded as Findecano handed him the necklace.
“For you, Nana, a blue topaz set in gold. Topaz is the gemstone of truth, so you may discover those who would deceive you. Had I possessed one when our visitors came, perhaps I could have avoided this trouble. Be that as it may, I still am greatly pleased to become acquainted with you.” Nana bowed her head as Findecano placed the necklace around her throat and closed the clasp.
“Lastly, for Beebop, I made a necklace of aquamarine set in silver. The aquamarine is the gemstone of wisdom and you seem to be a wise man to begin with, so I hope this will make any decisions that much wiser. In addition, given your experience as a sailor, the aquamarine is well suited for you. Sailors have long used the gem as a stone of protection against drowning and seasickness. I wish I could give you more, but I do not possess great resources at this time.”
“Thank you for these gifts. We’ll treasure them and keep them close. I’m amazed you fashioned these beautiful gemstones in such a short time,” Beebop spoke for his family.
“Accepting a gift honors the giver. I thank you for what you have done for me and I hope my departure will free you from any trouble which might result from my presence here.”
“Let’s go upstairs for breakfast. Do pancakes, sausage links, and cinnamon toast sound good?” Nana said to lighten the mood. Smiles confirmed the menu.
The five of them trooped up the stairs and sat around the table while Nana prepared their breakfast. Nana could hear the conversation since the breakfast nook where they sat was right off the kitchen.
Maggie looked at her new necklace and asked shyly, “Is this a real ruby? I can see right through it and the stone is beautiful.”
“I had a few stones with me that I had picked up along my many travels in Celahir. The four stones I gave you are fine specimens and Beebop’s tools are quite sufficient for enhancing their appearance,” Findecano replied.
“The one thing that still puzzles me, is how you got to this area,” said Beebop. “The stone that was your prison isn’t a native stone. It’s usually found across the ocean in Spain or in our country but a couple of thousand miles away.”
“My guess is that once they imprisoned me, my captors took me to the nearest barrier on the path back to the home of the Drow. They likely opened the barrier, threw the stone towards the fairy mounds, closed the barrier and left. I believe they assumed I would disappear forever. I do not understand how I could project my image to you from within the stone. Had I not been able to do that, I would still be a captive in the stone.”
“Maggie and I shocked each other when she handed me the stone. Maybe it was the static electricity,” Beebop mused.
“I am not familiar with static electricity, but I felt a surge of energy through the stone. I do not know from where it came, but I am happy it did. Perhaps we were meant to meet and become friends,” Findecano replied.
“Breakfast is ready,” Nana said as she put plates on the table. “Let’s eat!”
Nana sat down and they held hands, said the blessing, and then dug into the food. As usual, it was delicious.
When everyone had eaten their fill, Beebop cleared away the dishes and he, Nana, and the children went upstairs to get dressed and brush their teeth. Even though it was warm for March, Beebop still insisted they all wear jeans and sweatshirts.
“We will be riding four wheelers and with the temperature only in the sixties outside, we need to dress warmly.”
The children grumbled a little, but complied. They even put on sturdy sneakers. Nana and Beebop dressed in jeans and sweatshirts, too, with Nana putting on sneakers and Beebop putting on boots. With everyone dressed and ready to go, he grabbed his backpack and made sure he had packed it with the essentials. Beebop checked to make sure he had his multi-tool and everyone had cell phones. Instead of taking the four wheelers, he decided they needed to take the truck, so he loaded them in it. Beebop’s choice disappointed Aidan, since he hoped he would get to ride solo again. Findecano sat in the back between Aidan and Maggie while Nana rode in the cab. They made the short trip to the barrier, got out, and walked toward the cave. Outside the cave, the group stopped to say their farewells.
Findecano leaned down and whispered in the ears of Aidan and Maggie. When he had finished, they both had huge smiles on their faces.
He stood and faced Nana and Beebop and said, “I thank you for your help and hospitality. I have learned much about this world from you in the short time I have been free here. As I begin my journey, I bid you farewell and peace.”
“I’m still at a loss to explain how you came to be here,” Nana said somewhat formally. “I know what I saw, and I have spoken to you, but your very existence is a fairy tale to me. It doesn’t make sense that a fairy tale can be real. That having been said, I’ve enjoyed our talks and I thank you again for our gifts. I’ll hold mine dear to my heart. Be careful and stay safe,” Nana said trying to hold back tears.
“I echo what Nana said, and I thank you, too, for the lessons on cutting and polishing gemstones. I’ll use them in my hobbies. Please be careful and know if you are ever in our world again, you are always welcome in our home. Next time, I’ll have the pool table ready!” Beebop shook his head thinking how absurd the part about Findecano visiting the human world sounded.
“Do you need any help in the cave?” Beebop added.
“No, I can manage it alone, but thank you for the offer.” Findecano turned and walked into the cave leaving the other four standing in the bright morning sunlight. He paused for a moment at the entrance to the cave and waved to them, then entered the dark mouth.
Beebop stared at the cave for a moment and then said, “All right, time to get back to the house.”
They walked toward the truck and a bloodcurdling roar came from the cave. As they turned, Findecano ran out of the cave, chased by two of the ugliest creatures the humans had ever seen. The creatures looked like a cross between a boar and a short man, and both swung cudgels at Findecano. Findecano reached a clearing and turned to face the creatures. He was weaponless, so he looked around for a branch or something with which to defend himself. The elf picked up a short thick branch and brandished it like a sword. The two creatures split up and encircled Findecano. They hadn’t noticed the four humans watching from the trees. Findecano hadn’t seen them either.
Beebop looked at Nana and said, “Keep the children here. I’ll go help him.” As he spoke, he looked around and saw Aidan running toward Findecano.
“Aidan! No!” Beebop yelled as he headed toward the fight.
Beebop’s shout had alerted the creatures to their presence, and they swung around to face the new threat. Aidan reached Findecano and stood back-to-back with him, each facing one of the creatures. Beebop was still running towards them when the creatures attacked. Findecano swung his branch, hit one of the creatures, and sent him tumbling. Aidan ducked under a swing of the cudgel and assumed his kung fu stance. Aidan had recently completed his 1st degree brown belt training in kung fu, so he knew how to handle the threat. He again sidestepped the wild swing of the cudgel and planted a kick to the back of the creature. Enraged, the creature swung around and rushed him trying to wrap its arms around Aidan. Aidan used the creature’s momentum to increase the power of his kick and knocked the creature to the ground. The creature grunted as it hit the ground. Aidan directed a combo punch to the creature’s head, and it went limp. About the same time, Findecano knocked his opponent out with a hard punch to the jaw. Beebop ran up, grabbed Aidan, and hugged him hard.
“Are you okay?” When Aidan nodded that he was fine, Beebop yelled, “What do you think you were doing?”
“Beebop, I’m trained to defend myself and others using kung fu. Findecano is my friend and needed my help. I did what I had to do.” Aidan had been calm during the battle, but now he was shaking and breathing heavily.
“I am once again in your debt,” said Findecano. “It seems I cannot complete my tasks without help. Though orcs are not a strong enemy, two of them at once when I am unarmed might be difficult for me to defeat. What I fear more, though, is creatures more powerful will come through this barrier point and will seek you because I was here.”
“Magic leaves a trail for those who know how to follow it,” Findecano explained. “That trail will lead to your home and though I will not be there, the danger that comes will be real. I believe our fate is to complete this journey together. I thought this from the moment you freed me, but it took this attack and you coming to my aid to convince me it was indeed true. While I cannot force you to go with me, eventually you will come if for no other reason than to stop these creatures. They will continue coming to your home looking for me. So, I ask for the four of you to join me in my quest.”
Maggie and Nana walked up during Findecano’s speech. Nana looked at him in horror and said, “You really don’t expect us to go off on a wild goose chase to God knows where and fight monsters?”
“Nana, we should go help. I don’t want to go to sleep at night worrying about monsters coming in my room,” Maggie said. “I would rather go fight them than sit and wait for them to come get us. Besides, Findecano will protect us with his elf magic.”
“Unfortunately, Findecano is right,” Beebop said quietly. “These creatures will continue to come through and hunt us. If what Findecano said about magic leaving a trail is true, then no matter where we go, the trail will follow us, so even leaving home won’t protect us. I learned when I was in the Navy that taking the fight to your opponent is preferable to trying to run and hide. There is an element of danger either way, but I prefer to be on offense,” Beebop added, surprising himself and Nana with his comments.
“No!” Nana cried. “We aren’t going anywhere except back to the house. We may not be able to fighting these things here, but we cannot go off to Celahir or wherever. First, it doesn’t make sense that another world even exists, and second, we don’t even know if we can cross the barrier. Findecano, you may leave any time you wish, but we are not going with you.”
Beebop started to protest, but he saw the look on Nana’s face and kept his mouth shut. Surprisingly, Maggie and Aidan followed his example and didn’t say anything either. Indeed, there was complete silence at that moment. Suddenly, from the trees surrounding them a host of orcs stepped out. Their tusks gleamed wetly in the dim sunlight coming through the trees and they sniffed the air around them as if they were searching for food. The orcs didn’t make any threatening moves; they just stood there among the gloom of the trees cutting off the line of escape back to the truck. There was movement behind them and two figures walked into view. Both were slender and moved with feline grace. They both had white hair with tiny traces of black, with dark skin and red eyes. The pair walked toward the group of humans and Findecano, stopping a few paces in front of them, preferring to stay in the darker areas of the woods.
“Good morning, Findecano. It has been a long time since we saw you last. In fact, it has been about two hundred years. Oh, pardon my manners. I do not believe the humans know who we are. I am Enelya Leralonde and my companion is Elerosse Silimaure. We imprisoned Findecano two hundred years ago and are here to return him to his prison. We will take our kinsman and return to our world and leave yours in peace.”
“Wait!” Beebop said. “Findecano is our guest and we don’t let our guests leave until we are ready. We don’t think it’s time for him to go.”
“It seems we have no choice,” Findecano said in a depressed tone. “They greatly outnumber us, and we have no weapons.”
“True enough, Findecano. I would not want to be responsible for injury to your hosts,” Elerosse answered. “Besides, are you not curious about how the Light Elves are faring with the new gems in the Elven Bow? You cannot find the information standing here. Come, let us take you home.”
“Home is the last place you want to take me,” Findecano said testily. Enelya and Elerosse chuckled at his remark, but their laughs held little humor.
While the elves had been talking, Beebop had been slowly moving the group toward the cave that contained the barrier. He took a couple more steps and then halted. Beebop reached into his backpack and pulled out a road flare and a pack of waterproof matches. He noticed the Drow had stayed in the deepest of the shadows and the orcs weren’t keen on being in bright light either. He quietly told Nana, Findecano, and the children to be ready to run to the cave at his word.
“We’ll only get one chance at this. I’m going to light this road flare and, with any luck, blind them temporarily. Once I light the flare, we have to run for the cave. Findecano, you need to open the barrier as soon as you can and get us through and hidden before the others recover. Once we ditch them, you can bring us back here and you can go on your quest. Does everyone understand?” They nodded their understanding.
Beebop took a deep breath then stepped toward Enelya and Elerosse and said, “I don’t much care for your style of hospitality. I think you need enlightenment!”
He lit the road flare, and the brightness bloomed from his hand. The effect was even better than he had hoped. The orcs retreated deeper in the trees and Enelya and Elerosse turned their backs on the bright light.
“Run!” Beebop yelled. He dared not look to see if they had followed his directions, but he could hear crashing in the underbrush behind him. Beebop found a tree branch with a fork in it and jammed the flare into the fork. He ran toward the two Dark Elves who backed away from him, their eyes still averted from the harsh red glare. Beebop stuck the branch into the ground in front of them, turned, and ran toward the cave. He glanced back and saw the Dark Elves were recovering from the temporary blindness and were looking around trying to locate his group. Beebop saw the entrance to the cave and Findecano standing at the mouth waiting for him to get there. Beebop could hear the orcs growling as they chased him.
“We must hurry! They will be here in a moment,” Findecano said as he grabbed Beebop’s arm and rushed him along in the cave. He saw Nana and the children standing against the wall. Findecano began his intonation as he had when they had released Yul. The wall shimmered and Findecano ceased his chant.
“We can cross now, but we must hurry. Our enemies will be along any moment and I must close the barrier to give us additional time to escape.”
Beebop reached over and grabbed Nana’s hand. He whispered, “It’ll be all right. I love you!”
He let go of Nana’s hand then grabbed Aidan and Maggie’s hands and pushed them through the shimmering wall. Beebop once again grabbed Nana’s hand and together they stepped through the wall. The only sign of passing through the wall was a prickling of their skin. Findecano followed them and the wall returned to its solid appearance.
“Follow me. We must go quickly now,” Findecano said as he ushered everyone out of a different cave. “We must go this way!”
Findecano struck out across a meadow filled with bright sunshine.
“The Drow cannot venture into the bright sunlight. They cannot see well in the light and they become disoriented. The orcs cannot follow us for the same reason. We will continue on this way until we reach the edge of my forest. Once we reach a forest, there will be plenty of hiding places from which to choose.”
Findecano finished talking and confidently strode across the field with Nana, Beebop, Aidan, and Maggie trailing along behind him holding hands. 





Chapter 5
 
 
 
The five companions continued moving across open fields and meadows for the balance of the day. It could be a walk in an unspoiled part of a national park - if they didn’t know where they were. A glance at the figure leading them across the meadow reminded them of exactly where they were, though, impossible as it was. Nana thought she would be the first to tire out since she didn’t do as much physical activity as Beebop and the children, but she held up fine. As the sun moved toward the horizon, Findecano called for a halt and found a place to camp. Beebop handed out energy bars and bottled water he carried in his backpack along the way, but their growling stomachs indicated it was suppertime. Findecano led them to a small clearing in a small copse of trees and built a fire.
“Please stay here. I will hunt and bring us something back to eat.” Findecano disappeared into the gathering darkness leaving the other four resting around the campfire.
After Findecano left, Beebop retrieved a flashlight from his backpack and looked for sturdy branches and rocks. He found suitable samples of each and returned to the fire. Beebop ringed the campfire with rocks to keep the fire contained and he rigged up a spit, expecting Findecano to return with something to cook over the open fire. The long sturdy branches he found made a suitable spit. Cooking requirements met, Beebop found a few more branches, sat by the fire, and pulled his multi-tool out of his belt holder. He stripped the tiny branches and limbs from the larger branches until they were smooth. Beebop grabbed his backpack and rooted through it for a moment, then pulled out a plastic rain poncho. Beebop drove the branches into the dirt and then stretched the poncho over the two poles he created and tied the other ends to small trees. With that task finished, he gathered up armfuls of pine boughs. Beebop asked Aidan, Maggie, and Nana to help him pull the pine needles from the boughs. His family looked at him quizzically but complied.
Nana asked, “Why are we doing this?”
Beebop smiled and said, “We’re making our beds. Hanging the poncho will shelter us if it rains. To make it easier to sleep and more comfortable than the bare ground, we collect pine needles. The more pine needles we gather, the more comfortable the beds will be. Make sure we get the rocks up so we don’t sleep on them.”
“I like that plan,” Aidan said wearily. “I just want to finish. All this walking today has made me tired.”
Maggie, who had been uncharacteristically quiet most of the day said, “I’m hungry, tired, and I want a bath and then go to sleep.”
Nana reached into Beebop’s backpack and pulled out a pack of baby wipes.
“I can’t get a bath for you, but here’s a baby wipe you can use to clean your face,” Nana said. “I agree with you, though, Maggie.  A bath, food to eat, and sleep sounds divine. My feet are sore and tired!”
As Maggie wiped her face, Findecano returned. He smiled at the rocks ringing the campfire. Findecano brought fish and small fruits. Findecano borrowed Beebop’s multi-tool and cleaned the fish, stuffed them with wild onions, and wrapped the fish in leaves from a nearby tree. He smiled at Beebop’s spit, thanking him for the effort. Findecano gathered pine boughs full of green needles and stripped the small branches from them. Findecano crisscrossed the boughs on the rocks until the branches reached higher than the fire. Satisfied with the height, he laid the leaf-wrapped fish on the boughs. Soon the fish were sizzling and filling air with a wonderful aroma. The four humans completed the pine needle beds and Beebop passed out bottles of water to each of them. Findecano pulled the fish from the boughs and handed them around, using larger leaves he gathered as plates. Once everyone had a fish, Findecano gave out the fruits. Beebop and Nana were skeptical about Aidan and Maggie eating the fish, but the children surprised them. The fruits were like peaches, but had an energizing effect on them. As they ate, their weariness slipped away. Nana, being a foodie, asked Findecano about the fruit.
“These fruits are wonderful, Findecano. What do you call them?”
“I am not sure the fruits exist in your world. The elves call them as mimusops. The fruits are sweet, and flavorful, with great restorative powers. Light Elves have eaten them for as long as we can remember. Mimusops help you recover from daily exertions, and aid with sleep. I hope they have a beneficial effect upon each of you. The shelter is most impressive. It should help you to rest, and rest you will need, as we will walk a good distance tomorrow. I apologize for lack of other means of transportation, but we do not possess vehicles as you do and we have no horses for us to ride.”
“So, no chance of catching a ride with anyone?” Nana asked jokingly. They laughed, but Beebop was distracted.
“Are we in any danger here? The fire is a beacon to anyone searching for us,” Beebop asked worriedly.
Findecano chuckled and replied, “No. Light Elves are masters at tracking and hunting. I would know if we were in danger. I sense no pursuit. We are nearing the forest where I lived before my imprisonment, so I am familiar with the area and I do not see signs of danger. You may rest well. As a precaution, I will stay awake and tend the fire to keep you warm.”
The companions finished eating, cleaned up using the wipes from Beebop’s backpack, and turned in for the night. They snuggled into the piles of pine straw, surprised at how comfortable and cozy the beds were. Nana, who had occasional back problems, even felt comfortable sleeping on the ground. The four of them whispered good night prayers and lay down to sleep. It didn’t take long for the travelers to doze off as Findecano sat by the fire, feeding it branches and limbs to keep it going, and keeping a sharp eye out for any visitors.
Beebop was a notoriously light sleeper, so it was no surprise when he awoke to an odd noise. It sounded like cloth snagging tree branches. Beebop opened his eyes and saw that Findecano was dozing by the fire that had burned low to embers casting a reddish glow over the drowsing elf. In the darkness behind Findecano, the firelight reflected off something Beebop couldn’t identify. He lay there watching patiently and soon a crawling figure loomed out of the darkness behind Findecano. Beebop didn’t want to cry out and frighten the others, and he had no weapons. Instead, he felt around until his fingers found a baseball-sized rock. Beebop grabbed the rock, rose, and leaned against his left arm. With precision gained from years of playing baseball and softball, Beebop threw a perfect strike at the figure. The rock struck home, and the figure yelped and disappeared from view for a moment. Seconds later, an arrow whizzed through the darkness and buried itself in the dirt right next to Beebop’s arm. Then a circle of figures stepped into the dying firelight with bows drawn and arrows nocked. Findecano had started awake at the yelp, and Nana and the children were stirring. Aidan opened his eyes and jumped to his feet. He froze, though, as two of the bows trained on him.
Findecano looked around and said irritably, “Is this how Light Elves greet one another now? We are travelers and do not expect to be accosted by elves. I am Findecano Saralonde and these are my guests. We are traveling to the Northern Forest to my home.”
“I beg your pardon, Findecano Saralonde, but an attack on us when we entered your camp was unexpected. While unwise for us to contact you before daylight, we believed the fire was dangerous. Please forgive any misunderstanding. I am Alatariel Lissesul, the lead scout of this band of elves. The scouts and I patrol this area to keep travelers safe from lurking dangers.”
“It seems they are the lurking dangers,” Nana tartly whispered to Beebop.
“Your band of scouts is small. I count only four of you. The lurking dangers must not be too great,” Findecano remarked, ignoring Nana’s remark.
“We suffice to protect travelers from the marauders that pass through here occasionally. Most travelers are not so foolish as to keep a fire burning through the night,” Alatariel rejoined.
“If our fire was such a concern, why wait until now to enter our camp and ask about it? You must have seen it long before you entered,” Beebop demanded.
“We watched as you built your camp and made a fire to cook your meal. Most travelers extinguish the fire before retiring, but you did not. After we watched for a time, we determined your group was not a threat, and decided it was safe to enter the camp and verify what we had observed,” Alatariel answered neutrally.
“Marauders were not in here when I last visited. What has happened that they now roam freely?” Findecano asked peevishly.
“How long have you been away? For the last fifty years, marauders have plagued travelers,” Alatariel replied.
“Obviously, too long,” Findecano answered vaguely. “I fear other changes have occurred and I might not even recognize my home.” 
Findecano was suddenly eager to be on the move. He busied himself with covering the campfire with dirt to make sure the fire didn’t ignite the surrounding grass and trees. Beebop reached into his backpack and passed out energy bars and bottles of water to Nana and the children and one of each for himself. Beebop wished he could brush his teeth though. He hated the fuzzy sweater feeling on his teeth! He reminded his family to make sure they didn’t throw out their trash and to give him the water bottles when empty so he could refill them at the next opportunity. Beebop only had two full bottles left in his backpack, so getting refills was becoming an urgent matter. He couldn’t replenish the energy bars, but he still had ten of those, so they had enough for today. Beebop hoped to replenish their supplies when they reached Findecano’s home, although energy bars weren’t likely to be found in the home of an elf in Celahir, he thought.
Alatariel had gathered his companions and introduced them.
“These are my scouts.” Alatariel pointed to the elf to his right and added, “Meet Luthien Lissesul, my sister. Next to her is my other sister Lotheth Lissesul. The last of my scouts is Artanis Amandil. We patrol this region regularly. None of us have been to the Northern Forest in many months and, barring objections, we welcome the chance to escort you and return to our homes. Perhaps we will get to learn something of humans during our travels together.”
“No objections from me,” Nana and Beebop said together. Aidan and Maggie laughed and then they both agreed.
Findecano looked at them and then said, “Apparently, my companions do not object to traveling with scouts, and I do not either, so we welcome your company. While you are learning about humans, I can learn more of the changes in the Northern Forest. My last visit home was two hundred years ago!”
They broke camp after taking a last look to make sure no trash remained. The campsite was clean, so they began their trek again. Beebop worried about Nana keeping up with them after she had to sleep on the ground, but the mimusops had a very useful effect on her. Even her arthritis was better. Beebop had to admit his normal morning aches and pains weren’t bothering him, either. Aidan and Maggie were children - full of energy. The siblings walked along, both of them peppering the scouts with questions. Luthien and Lotheth were the elven equivalent of teenagers, so the four of them became fast friends. Aidan was particularly interested in their bows and the short staffs they carried. Because of his brown belt in kung fu, he was familiar with the eighteen weapons of the martial art. Aidan was adept at using the stick and many other weapons, but his dojo didn’t allow members under eighteen to train as a black belt. Aidan had advanced as far as in his training until he was older. That didn’t mean he couldn’t learn things from the elves though. After Aidan plied them with questions, the elves described their training. Maggie wanted to know how the elves kept their hair as long and gorgeous as Lotheth’s was and how she could look so beautiful without makeup. The elves were curious, too, and Lotheth asked many questions about makeup!
Findecano asked Alatariel about the Northern Forest. He was less than encouraged by what he heard.
“The Northern Forest is changeless as ever. Creatures that never attacked our lands in the past are now frequent interlopers, though. Our skills diminish and evil flourishes. We send out our scouts and we defend our home, but we fight a losing battle. Even our leader is at a loss to explain.”
Findecano asked grimly, “Who is the leader of the elves now? When I was last home, the Elven Council decided for the elves. Surely they are taking actions to repel this evil.”
“We had a council until sixty or seventy years ago. Now, a charismatic and dynamic speaker leads the elves. He encourages us with his words and promises to bring us a hopeful new future. Elves are now taking a path to be more open with our fellow creatures - including the Drow. Our leader still has the Elven Council to advise him, but the council is for appearances and always supports his positions. We keep our territory - at least according to the council. Those of us who venture outside the forest see things differently. The encroachment on our lands slowly and inexorably tightens into a noose around us. We do not know what to do.” Alatariel bowed his head as the emotion of the tale overtook him.
“I should know this elf. What is his name?” Findecano inquired.
“Naesse Tasartir,” Alatariel replied. “He is the son of a Light Elf and a Dark Elf. He rose to power using his oratory and communication skills. Naesse first became a member of the Elven Council and then consolidated his power to become the leader. Those who sit on his council are his outright ally or weak opposition. There many elves who oppose Naesse and his proposals, but we are in a minority and he has the support of the council. While we can speak out against him, we are roundly disparaged and ridiculed. Many of us serve as scouts and do what we can to stop the creatures that assail our borders. Perhaps one day...,” Alatariel’s voice trailed away.
“This elf, I do not know, but one never knows when help may arrive. Often help comes in the most unexpected forms and when least expected,” Findecano said. “One thing I have learned is when life is the darkest, hope remains. As long as hope exists, you are never truly lost. Do not lose hope and take actions to nurture it. Duty as a scout may what is needed now.”
Alatariel looked at him strangely for a moment and was about to speak, but swallowed whatever thought was there and walked forward to join his sisters and Aidan and Maggie.
“That was fine advice you gave Alatariel,” Artanis said as he drew next to Findecano. “He is young and fears for his sisters’ safety. I am not so young. I remember your father, and I knew him before he went traveling to the human world. Your father always had such hopes for you, and for all elves. Many questions surround his disappearance, and yours. Rumors circulate that the decline of the Light Elves coincides with your abrupt departure from the Northern Forest. Many wonder if your departure and the decline are connected. When added to the equally sudden departure of your guests from the celebration, suspicions grew. Many elves in the Northern Forest will not welcome you home with open arms. The elves will, instead, greet you with mistrust and, perhaps, fear. While the elves will not raise a hand against you, they may try to make your visit short. Your human companions will not make their misgivings lessen.”
“I thank you for your warning. Do you harbor misgivings about my return to the Northern Forest? Are you among those who mistrust me?” Findecano asked calmly.
“I cannot say. Your father and I were friends. Any child of such an elf should be a strong advocate for elves and would not ally with the Drow or other, lesser, creatures. Elves are a proud and glorious people, and it ill becomes us to consider others equal to us. Yes, we treasure the diversity of those creatures and even consent to trade and commerce with them, but they do not know the wealth, power, and prestige of our people. We are what we are due to our hard work, fairness with other creatures, our freedoms to be what we will because of our talents, skills, and abilities. Our current leaders want us to embrace those who are not as industrious, studious, or free, and accept their way is equal to ours. Lowering our standards to the basest of creatures is not what made the elves what they are today. Instead, we strive for excellence or not, but we do not accept the idea everyone is equal in talent or ability. You can excel to the limits of your abilities - such is the elven way!” Artanis spoke from his heart and with passion. Findecano studied the elf for a moment before responding carefully.
“I did not return to get involved in the politics of the elves. My return is for a purpose, but the purpose is away from the Northern Forest. I simply wish to visit the Northern Forest and reacquaint myself with my home. After that, I will continue on my way with my companions. I must return them to their home before long, and we have things to do before that can occur.”
Artanis studied Findecano silently as if weighing his response then he moved forward to walk with the rest of the scouts. Beebop and Nana, who had been listening to the last part of the exchange, drew abreast of Findecano and walked next to him for a few minutes.
Finally Nana spoke, “Findecano, what did you mean when you told Artanis we had things to do before we could return home? Aidan and Maggie must be back for school in a few days. We have our house and my blog keep up. I’m glad we met you and we helped you, but this fight is not ours. We need to return to our home.”
“Nana, Beebop, I will return you to your world just as soon as I am able. I told Artanis what I told him so as not to reveal my plans. While I trust the scouts, there may be eyes and ears of which we are unaware, and I thought it best we keep our intentions to ourselves. I will not ask you to accompany me on my quest, but if you offer your help, I will accept. If you will come with me to the Northern Forest, I will show you my home and then I will take you through the barrier and return you to your home. The Drow must reenter this world and pursue us to the forest so we can safely return to your world. I hope they will not go back to your home if I am here. The Dark Elves wish to stop me, not you.”
“Thank you Findecano,” Beebop said gratefully. The trio fell silent as they walked. Alatariel soon called a halt by a gently flowing stream and they wearily sat in the shade of the trees to eat a quick meal and rest before the last leg of their journey.
As they rested, Beebop looked around at the surrounding land and asked curiously, “What species of trees are these? I have never seen trees like them.”
The trees resembled Christmas trees, but instead of needles, they had broad glossy lance-shaped leaves. Even in the early spring, the many leaves were large.
“These are stone fern trees. I am sure they do not exist in your world. They grow to over eighty feet tall and offer excellent shade in the summer. The wood is wonderful for building. Other trees around us are pines, oaks, and rarely, a rowan,” said Alatariel.
“Remember I told you that the rowan is a magical tree. The Elven Bow is made of rowan wood,” Findecano added.
“The Northern Forest is near,” Alatariel continued. “We will see small mountains in the distance as we approach the forest. Those are the Black Mountains and many entrances to the underground world of the Drow lie in that accursed region of Celahir. Light Elves stay away from the mountains, preferring to be nearer the forests and open meadows. The Drow cannot see well in bright light, and the Light Elves do not see well in darkness. Our vision in the dark is much better than the Drow in bright sunlight though. The Northern Forest is mainly ancient with giant oaks, poplars, and pines, with alder, birch, sequoia, and redwoods and, of course, the mimusops. Many of the elves make homes in these huge trees while others prefer to live in homes built of wood and scattered throughout the floor of the forest. Many thousands of elves live in the Northern Forest. Other forests, each named for the points of the compass are home to the rest of the Light Elves.”
When Alatariel had finished, he signaled for Lotheth and Luthien to follow him and he drifted into the trees in search of food for lunch. Beebop rummaged around in his backpack and pulled out an energy bar for each of them. He doled out the last of the bottled water. Aidan and Maggie shared one bottle and he and Nana shared the other. They ate in silence until Alatariel and his sisters returned with more of the mimusops. The elves handed out the fruit and everyone ate their fill. As they ate the fruit, the humans’ strength returned and their weariness dropped away. Despite the hiking, the elves didn’t tire and appeared to have limitless energy reserves. When they finished, Beebop collected the energy bar wrappers and stuffed them in his backpack. Beebop took the bottles, including the empty ones he had been carrying in his backpack, and filled them from a nearby stream. He stored them in the backpack for later. Before Beebop stowed them away in the backpack, he added a water purification tablet to each of the bottles. While he was sure the water was clean, he wasn’t sure what varieties of bacteria or protozoa might be present here that wasn’t present in his world. Upset stomachs were the last thing they needed! Tablets added and bottles stowed, he was now ready to get on with the journey. Beebop gathered Nana, Aidan, and Maggie together, hugged them, then turned to Findecano and pronounced they were ready to go. Findecano nodded, and they headed out of the small copse of trees and back into the meadow and the bright sunshine.
As they began their trek again, Findecano said, “With any luck, we will sleep in the Northern Forest tonight. The accommodations there will be much preferable to sleeping on a pine straw bed!”
“Any chance of a bath, too?” Nana asked hopefully.
“I think a bath can be arranged,” Findecano answered with a chuckle. They walked on, a lighthearted mood overtaking them. Alatariel started singing in a surprisingly good tenor voice. While they didn’t understand the song or the language in which he sang, the humans enjoyed his singing ability and the song was in keeping with their mood. Alatariel’s singing kept them striding along in the warm spring sunshine and allowed them to forget, if only temporarily, the odd events that led to them being in Celahir. Artanis and Luthien were scouting ahead of the group, and Lotheth walked beside her brother, enjoying the song. Perhaps this lightheartedness caused their vigilance to wander, for they didn’t notice the creatures watching them from under the trees that ringed the field. The group continued on, with the Northern Forest growing ever closer. Findecano even spoke of his home.
“I cannot wait to see the trees of the forest. They soar to heights sure to make you dizzy.”
“It shouldn’t be too hard for me to get dizzy, since I’m afraid of heights,” Nana said ruefully. Everyone laughed, but Beebop knew that she was not kidding.
“The oldest trees in the center of the forest are so large that many families can call one home. Rope and wood bridges span the trunks and branches interconnect the trees. There are ropes that allow elves to swing from tree to tree. The canopies of the trees are so broad the entire forest floor is always twilight. We watch fires carefully, lest a flame get out of control and burn the trees. Our hunters fill our larders with venison, rabbit, boar, sheep, and goats. We harvest mimusops and other fruits from the edges of the woods, and we trade for vegetables with the other folk of Celahir. The Northern Forest has been, for time uncounted, a place of peace and prosperity unrivaled in our world. It pains me to hear of the creatures who seek to disturb the peace. I hope this homecoming will bring me joy and reacquaint me with old friends and family - if only briefly.”
“Findecano, you don’t speak of your family. Will you tell us about them?” Nana asked.
“There is not much to tell. As you know, my father has long since disappeared. My mother died when I was young. My mother’s brother, sister, and their children are my remaining family. I welcome the opportunity to see them after my many years away,” Findecano said wistfully.
As Findecano finished telling them about his family, Alatariel called a halt to the walk and summoned Artanis and Luthien to join the group. Once the two scouts joined them, he led the group to another copse of trees for a short rest. Alatariel reached into his own pack and handed out mimusops to each of them.
As they ate the fruit, he said, “We near the Northern Forest. As the attacks increased upon travelers, so have attempted attacks on our home itself occurred. Thus, unless scouts escort travelers, they will not gain entrance to the hidden trails of the Light Elves. We use magic to guard these trails and only the scouts possess the words and knowledge to open the way. So, even though we wish to go home, we must examine each of you to ensure there will be no betrayal of the Northern Forest.”
“The desire to travel with us had more to do with mistrust than your wish to return home. How will examine us?” Beebop asked with an edge to his voice. “I won’t let any harm to come to my family.”
“I apologize for the slight deceit. However, you were traveling with an elf, had a campfire visible for miles, and had no escort. Given the current state of affairs, it seemed prudent to escort you until we could test you. We want to see our home though. That was true, and I assure you no harm will come to any of you. If you are not trustworthy, we will deny you entrance and we will escort you back to the barrier whence you came. We will go into your thoughts to see what your true purpose is. Findecano will serve as the example so you can see that the test is not harmful,” Alatariel answered.
“You can read minds? That is so cool!” Aidan said excitedly.
“We do not read minds, as I think you understand it,” Alatariel told him. “The test studies the thoughts of a person to determine their intentions. The thoughts of a person create an aura. It is this aura we read and, if we find it dangerous, then we can prevent any danger from reaching our home,” Alatariel elaborated.
“Is this a foolproof test?” Findecano inquired. “And, why apply it to my guests?”
“Findecano, you may think I am a fool because I am a scout and do not know you. Nevertheless, I know of you. It is precisely because of you and your guests two hundred years ago that this test is now necessary. We witness the decline of the Light Elves and see the rising power of the Drow. Though unsure of the cause, it began at the same time you and your guests disappeared from our Midsummer Night celebration those many years ago. As the power has shifted, we had to take precautions to protect our homes. The elves forged alliances with peoples we protected long years ago. Your arrival is suspect, you are in the company of humans, and you have no explanation for your absence. For those reasons, we will examine you and your friends, or we will deny you entry into the forest.”
Findecano pondered his comments for a few moments then said, “I will allow this examination. I swear to you upon my honor and that of my father, I am not the cause of this great trouble nor are my friends. The explanation will wait for the Elven Council.”
Alatariel nodded and replied, “In answer to your other question, this test is as foolproof a test as I can administer. Please give me a moment to prepare.”
Alatariel stared into the distance and meditated for a few moments then turned toward Findecano, chanting in a strange language. As he sang, he removed a deep blue gemstone hung on a gold chain from around his neck. He stared deeply into the stone as if entranced and his chanting became louder. Suddenly, Alatariel stopped singing and asked Findecano to tell him his purpose for his visit to the Northern Forest.
Findecano answered, “I come to visit my home after a two hundred year absence. The four human friends accompanying me freed me from my prison and made my journey home possible. I will stay but a short time – a night or two - and then leave to continue my quest. When I leave, my friends will leave with me.”
 Alatariel nodded brusquely once, apparently satisfied with Findecano’s answer.
“The stone tells me you speak truthfully. I can permit you to enter the Northern Forest.” 
Alatariel turned to Beebop and asked, “Why did you come to this place?”
Beebop didn’t have an answer, so he said, “My family and I came with Findecano. We had no choice but to flee to Celahir from our world to avoid an attack. If we had a choice, we wouldn’t be here now.”
Alatariel nodded again and chanted, but differently from the earlier song. Just as suddenly as before, he stopped and shook his head as if clearing the cobwebs away.
“I will now administer the test of truth.”
Alatariel walked over to Findecano and placed the blue stone against the elf’s forehead. The stone had no discernible change and, satisfied that Findecano was truthful, Alatariel removed the stone. He placed it against Beebop’s forehead. Beebop could not see the stone, but he could see Alatariel’s puzzled expression. Alatariel removed the stone and moved over to Nana. He repeated the test with her. Beebop could see the stone and it again didn’t change. Alatariel placed the stone on Aidan and Maggie’s foreheads, too, and each time he withdrew it with a look of mounting confusion.
“What is the problem, Alatariel?” Nana asked.
“There is not a problem, but I am confused. Findecano shows he speaks the truth. For the four of you, though, I do not understand what the stone tells me. For you, Beebop, the stone shows me only unfathomable depths of water. Nana shows deep fire. Aidan’s test reveals a wealth of power and Maggie shows me nothingness. The stone does not reject you, but appears to have a kinship with you. The lapis lazuli I used has golden inclusions and with most people, the inclusions are there. With each of you, the inclusions glowed, as if it recognized power within you. I do not know what to make of it, but I can only honor you with an invitation to visit our home. Perhaps our elders can explain this. Will you please accompany us to our home?”
“That is why we came. We want to go home and for us to leave, we must go to your home. So, yes, we gladly accept your invitation,” Beebop answered.
Findecano said, “May we go now? I prefer to reach the Northern Forest before nightfall.”
Alatariel nodded his head somewhat distractedly, still at a loss to explain the lapis lazuli reaction.
“Yes, I will send out my scouts and we will be on our way. We should easily be able to reach the forest before nightfall.” Alatariel looked at Aidan and Maggie and asked, “Would you like to go with the scouts?”
Aidan and Maggie looked at Nana and Beebop and asked together, “Can we?” 
Beebop and Nana exchanged glances and then Nana answered, “Yes, you can. Make sure you stay with the scouts and don’t wander away. We are strangers here and we don’t understand this place and its potential dangers.”
“Yes, ma’am!” they exclaimed together and hurried off to catch up with Luthien and Lotheth.
Nana looked intently at Alatariel and asked, “Will they be okay? I don’t want my only grandchildren put at risk, nor do I want them to put your sisters in danger.”
“I believe they will be fine. We have sensed no danger along our way and we are near the forest. I avoid endangering anyone, but I never knowingly put guests at risk. Artanis and my sisters are well-trained and excellent scouts. I trust them with my life, and each of them has, at different times, saved that life.”
“I will trust your confidence,” Nana said. “But, I want us to stay near them.”
Alatariel nodded and picked up the pace so they could catch up with the scouts.
They walked on into the slowly lengthening shadows, the edges of the forest getting ever closer. Even from a distance, they saw how large the trees were. Shortly before sundown, Alatariel called for a halt for a quick bite to eat, a short rest, and to give instructions on entering the Northern Forest. He led them to a dense copse of trees with a small clearing in the center. There were a few large rocks scattered around for seating.
“We will reach the edges of the forest soon. Once we reach the entrance point, I will speak the words to show the path. Without the words, anyone who enters the woods will be without a path and lose their way. I will open the path and then each of you will go in before me. Once we are inside the forest, I will close the path and lead the way to our home. Please do not stray from the path, as you will lose the way without our help. The trees will light our path, so have no fear of wandering in the darkness. Once we are in the forest, the distance to our home is about one league. Are there any questions?” When no one spoke up, he added, “Please finish eating your fruit, drink water, and we will finish our journey.”
“Beebop, how far is a league?” Maggie asked.
“If I remember right, a league is almost three miles, so it should take us an hour to reach their home.” Nana looked surprised that Beebop knew that trivial bit of information, but then she remembered that he was full of trivial facts. She didn’t understand how he remembered those things.
After they had finished eating, they gathered up their belongings and headed out of the trees. Alatariel led the way. He took a few steps away from the trees when he stopped abruptly and stood stock-still. The others halted as well when Alatariel held up his hand. They looked ahead of him and saw wolves arrayed before them. There were at least a dozen of the beasts, large and growling, with hungry eyes. The wolves had dripping jaws, and teeth that were large, sharp, and gleamed in the fading light. Astride the largest of the wolves was a short creature with a long flowing white beard, small dark eyes, and a most unpleasant grin on his wrinkled and ugly face.
The rider eyed the group before him, glanced at the wolves, and commanded, “Attack!”





Chapter 6
 
 
 
At the dwarf’s command, the wolves sprang forward and stalked the group. The five elves assumed defensive and protective stances around the four humans. Aidan and Maggie were behind Lotheth and Luthien while Alatariel advanced toward the wolves. Findecano and Artanis protected Nana and Beebop. They arranged themselves in a loose circle, so they could not be surprised from any direction. The wolves circled warily, occasionally snapping their jaws at the companions. The dwarf urged the wolves forward and two of the beasts sprang at Lotheth. She batted both aside with quick snaps of her staff sending both of the wolves tumbling.
Beebop weighed the odds and realized they were not in their favor. Alatariel assessed the situation the same way, but he had to protect the humans. He took a swing at the large wolf with the rider hoping to unseat the dwarf and confuse the wolves. The large wolf, though, was too nimble and evaded the swinging staff. The two wolves Lotheth had sent tumbling recovered and scampered back into the fray. They both charged Lotheth and two more wolves joined them. Luthien and Lotheth were busily swinging staffs when another wolf leaped at Lotheth and sent her sprawling, staff flying from her hands.
The staff landed at Aidan’s feet and he snatched it up and stood protectively in front of Maggie. Two more wolves jumped between Alatariel, Artanis, and Findecano, effectively splitting the group in two. Luthien still battled two wolves, and Lotheth was trying to recover from the attack upon her when the two new wolves charged at Aidan. He calmly assumed his kung fu fighting stance and held the staff as he did in his sparring drills. Despite his outward calm, his mouth was dry and his heart was pounding. As the first of the wolves drew near, he twirled the staff, flicked his wrist, and struck the wolf between the eyes. As the staff made contact, a blue flare erupted from the staff and the wolf dropped. Without a chance to consider what had happened, Aidan swung around to face the second wolf. This time, he used a chopping motion and struck the leaping wolf across its back. As with the first wolf, a blue flare erupted, the wolf yelped, collapsed on the ground, and didn’t move. A scream came from behind him and he turned just in time to see a third wolf leap at Maggie. This wolf hit a wall around Maggie, a red flash igniting its fur, and it ran yelping into the near darkness of the meadow. As a fourth wolf approached Maggie, Luthien moved in and pummeled the beast with her staff. The wolf turned and ran. Aidan looked for Beebop and Nana and found them surrounded by five wolves. Alatariel and Artanis fought with them, but each was tiring and had blood running from wounds inflicted by the snapping jaws of the creatures. One wolf pushed past Findecano and leaped for Nana. She instinctively flung her hands up to protect herself and flames shot from her fingers. The wolf ignited in midair, let out a terrible howl, and fell to the ground just short of Nana, its fur sizzling. Nana didn’t notice the wolf; she was staring at her hands. Artanis landed a blow to the largest wolf, sending the dwarf flying. Alatariel struck another blow to the large wolf and sent it tumbling away. He seized the chance to break through the wolves and attack the dwarf. Alatariel grabbed him by the beard and dragged him back to the group.
The wolves, now bereft of their leader, milled around uncertainly. There were now only six or seven of the beasts left to fight. Beebop took up Alatariel’s staff and swung it at the nearest wolf. A bolt of lightning shot out of the staff and struck the wolf, dropping it in its tracks. Beebop then swung the staff around at the other wolves and they backed up, fearing the lightning that crackled at the end of the staff. With distance between the group and the wolves, they joined again into a circle for defense. Beebop gave Alatariel’s staff back to him and rummaged through his backpack. He pulled out a roll of duct tape and secured the dwarf with the tape. Beebop even placed a piece over the dwarf’s mouth so he couldn’t give commands to the wolves. Painful for the dwarf if they removed it, but Beebop didn’t much care.
Maggie was mumbling to herself and, suddenly, a ring of light surrounded the group. Maggie looked up in surprise, but had self-satisfied smile on her face. One of the remaining wolves leaped at the ring, only to fly backwards, fur singed. Yelping, it ran off into the meadow, away from the edge of the forest. The rest of the wolves followed. Maggie mumbled again and the ring of light faded away. The elves looked at the humans in awe and with more than a little fear, stunned at what had transpired.
“What on earth just happened? Is everyone okay?” Beebop asked a note of wonder in his voice. He looked intently at each member of his family until they nodded they were fine.
“Maggie, how did you do that? How did any of us do what we did?”
Findecano spoke after a long moment of silence. “I told you gemstones had power in my world. I gave each of you your birthstone, which you wear around your necks. If you remember, Beebop, I told you the aquamarine is the gemstone of water. This includes the power of storms, so you summoned lightning. Aidan’s sapphire is a stone of power. He used his skills with the staff and channeled power through it. Nana’s topaz is a stone of fire, which enabled her to cast flames, and Maggie’s ruby is a stone of protection. She cast a powerful circle protecting us. Any of us could use the stones, but not with such success. Since they are your birthstones, you enhance their natural powers. The power you summoned surprises me. Humans have little power – or so I thought.”
Alatariel spoke. “I do not understand how you humans did this, but I swear if I can aid you in any way I will. You saved us and for that, we are in your debt. Let us delay our celebrations and congratulations until we are safe inside the Northern Forest. We should leave the dwarf trussed up here. I fear the wolves will return and I do not wish to face them again without better weapons. Bows and arrows do not make good weapons for close combat.” With that, he led them out of the meadow and into the edges of the forest.
Alatariel gathered the group in a small clearing and told them he was opening the path into the Northern Forest.
“Once the path is open, pass quickly so I can close it again. The longer it stays open, the greater the possibility that something else might slip into the forest. Despite what we encountered, wolves are not the most dangerous things wandering here.”
Alatariel walked over to the trees and spoke a few words. The trees shifted apart, and a dimly lighted path appeared.
“Come now,” Alatariel urged.
The group hurried through the gap in the trees and onto the path. When Findecano, who was bringing up the rear, had passed him, Alatariel followed and spoke a few more words. When they looked, they could no longer see the gap in the trees, but the path ahead glowed. Taking the lead once again, Alatariel followed the path with the rest of the group trailing behind, Lotheth and Luthien bringing up the rear as a guard. Once they were inside the Northern Forest, Alatariel called a brief halt so they could rest. While they rested, Findecano pulled an odd-looking reddish green stone from his pack.
He held the stone up for the humans to see and said, “This stone is a bloodstone, a powerful healing gemstone. Watch as I administer treatment to Alatariel.”
Findecano began an incantation and, after a few moments, applied the stone to Alatariel’s wounds. The healing began at once and soon his lacerations caused by the wolves had faded to pink scars. Findecano treated Artanis, Luthien, and Lotheth, and then used the stone on his own wounds. The results amazed the humans.
Wounds healed, the group gathered itself and started walking. The trek to the elven community didn’t take long, compared to the trek from the barrier. Within an hour, they saw isolated dwellings. Curious eyes peeked out at them, but no one challenged them - nor did anyone rush out to greet them. As they neared the center of the forest, the ground dwellings multiplied, but they saw ladders leading into the foliage high above their heads. Up in the trees, they could see elaborate buildings built on thick limbs. Small elves scampered on wooden suspension bridges or swung from tree to tree on thick ropes or vines. Everywhere they looked, elves were busy doing daily tasks, but the younger elves aside, the ones they saw were somber.
“I thought elves are supposed to be happy,” Nana whispered. “These elves look depressed.”
Beebop nodded in agreement and added, “I have seen pictures of prisoners that look happier than these folks. It’s curious.”
They continued walking through the enclave, following Alatariel. A few of the elves they passed stopped what they were doing long enough to gaze at the humans curiously, but again, no one approached them. At one point, they passed a group of five young elves, who stopped playing long enough to watch solemnly, and then scampered up a ladder to the treetops. Alatariel finally called a halt in front of an ornate wooden gate in front of a hollowed out tree that had to be at least fifty feet in diameter. The top of the tree rose above their heads to an incredible height. As Findecano said, Nana got dizzy just looking up at the tree and vowed to herself that she was not climbing up there. Alatariel called his sisters over and whispered to them for a few moments; then, the elven girls left the group to carry out his instructions.
“This is the center of Elessar Melwasul, our home. Elves have lived here for thousands of years. This ancient tree is where the Elven Council meets, is at the center of the Northern Forest, and has been here since the beginning. Please respect the tree and respect the honor given to you. You may be the first humans ever allowed to see this, much less enter. Inside is the Elven Bow. With permission, I will show it to you.”
Alatariel turned to Findecano and said, “Findecano, you may or may not find what you expect in this place. Many questions surround your departure from Celahir. Whether your presence here is for good or ill, or if those inside will view you as friend or foe, I do not know. Circumstances for the elves are different now, and where we once gave warm welcome to visitors, we now treat them with suspicion and mistrust. Your abrupt departure was most untimely, so suspicion naturally fell upon you. You will face intense scrutiny from the council and the presence of the humans will not help.”
“These humans are my friends. They are instrumental in my presence here - and not just because we fought a battle earlier today. Beebop’s family are friends to someone who only exists in their mythology and legends. If they are a cause of suspicion, it is indeed a sad and mournful day for elves. Even though they are humans, I count them among the finest people I have ever known. I will tell the Elven Council my story and they can judge for themselves,” Findecano answered.
“For what it might be worth, I will offer witness to the courage and willingness to fight the humans displayed. They saved my life and the lives of everyone during the battle with the wolves. For that service, I thank them and will do everything within my power to aid them.” Alatariel said. “Now, I will take you to a place where you can rest, bathe if you want, eat, and prepare yourselves for the Elven Council later tonight. I asked for fresh clothes for you. While we attend the council, the villagers will wash, clean, and ready your clothes for your journey home. Please follow me.”
He turned and lead them a short distance away from the giant tree to a small house. Alatariel opened the door and ushered in the humans. There were two chambers with large beds in each, and a small washroom adjoining each room. The house had a common room with a few chairs, a table, and a divan. Alatariel showed them how to draw water for their baths, and the location of cloths with which to dry. He showed them with a gesture the clean clothes laid out for them. As he was about to leave them, there was a knock on the door. Lotheth and Luthien came into the house bearing trays of food. Beebop’s mouth watered at the smell of the cooked food, and he decided they should put off baths until they ate. The others agreed, and the elves left them to their dinner. Venison roasts, vegetables that resembled carrots but tasted like cucumbers, and honey drenched figs, completed the meal. Fresh cold water to drink refreshed them. After a steady diet of mimusops and energy bars, the meal was a welcome change. After they had eaten their fill, Nana and Maggie went to bathe first while Aidan and Beebop lay on their beds and took short naps. They changed places once Nana and Maggie finished bathing and woke them. Beebop, for one, was happy to get out of his dirty and smelly clothes.
After bathing and putting on the fresh clothes, Beebop woke Nana and went into the common room. Aidan and Maggie were already there, dressed in outfits like his - soft leather loose-fitting pants, a cotton shirt, and soft leather moccasin shoes. Beebop felt like Robin Hood, minus the hat, but he had to admit the clothes were comfortable. At least, they weren’t green, and he wasn’t wearing hose! Nana walked in, looking elegant in her attire. It amazed Beebop how she could make any outfit look great, but she did a number on this one. He saw her and his heart skipped a beat and he grinned.
“Wow! You look beautiful!”
Nana curtsied playfully and gave him a quick kiss. Beebop’s comments and the kiss embarrassed Aidan and Maggie, but they both looked away and grinned. The four of them chatted while they waited for their summons before the Elven Council. Nana and Beebop noted how surrealistic this whole thing was, but they couldn’t do anything to change it. Nana made sure they wore the necklaces Findecano had given them. They fell silent as they waited for the council to begin. The wait wasn’t long as a few minutes later Alatariel, accompanied by Findecano, knocked on the door and entered.
“The council is gathering and they wish for you to come before them. Please understand you have the choice to attend or not as is customary with our people. If you want to come, then we will escort you. If you refuse, as is your right, you can rest here for tonight. Tomorrow we will escort you from Elessar Melwasul,” Alatariel’s invitation was stiff and formal.
Beebop stood and spoke for his family and replied just as formally, “We are honored to attend your council. My family and I thank you for your hospitality and welcome the opportunity to meet your leaders.”
Findecano and Alatariel smiled and Findecano said, “I am glad you are coming to the Elven Council. I am sorry we had to give a formal invitation, but a summons to the council is an honor no human has experienced. There was no protocol for it, so we asked as we would a visiting dignitary from another of the races in Celahir. I thank you for your response. It was as fitting an answer as I have heard. Beebop, you are a natural speaker.”
Beebop grinned and turned to Nana and said, “See, my Human Resources degree came in handy.”
They both laughed at the inside joke while the others just looked at them curiously. Formality broken, Alatariel gestured towards the door.
“The council should be assembled now. We should go.”
He headed out the door and the others filed out behind him. They made the short walk to the massive tree. Alatariel opened the gate and then paused.
“Before you enter, I wish to give each of you a gift. This will not repay you for your bravery in the fight against the wolves or for saving the lives of my family, but it comes from our hearts.” Alatariel turned to Beebop and handed him a fire agate.
“This stone provides strong protection. As I chose these gifts, I waited for the stones to speak to me so I could give something you may need.”
He turned to Nana and handed her a bloodstone. “The bloodstone is a stone of healing. When someone is injured or ill, this healing stone can enhance the skills of the healer and speed recovery – as you saw firsthand when we entered the Northern Forest.” Nana accepted her gift with a nod of thanks.
“For you, Maggie, a crystal quartz. While not a gemstone, it enhances psychic abilities and amplifies power from other stones.” Maggie thanked him and placed the stone in her pocket.
“Lastly, for Aidan, I chose a double-terminated quartz crystal. This is a powerful stone and one with many uses. As with Maggie’s crystal, it enhances psychic abilities and amplifies power from other stones. The double-termination makes it powerful, and I recommend caution and extreme focus when using it.” Aidan accepted the stone with a solemn thank you.
Gifts given, Alatariel opened the door to the council chamber and invited them to enter.
The interior of the chamber was unlike any room they had ever seen. The room was a rough circle, with openings set at regular intervals. Though shuttered, Beebop suspected not much light came through them even when they were open - he figured they were for ventilation. Along the walls niches cut into the tree created benches for sitting. The walls, polished by years of occupancy and carved with intricate symbols, were part of the living tree. Along one of the curved walls, opposite of the dais, was a pedestal holding a carved and strung bow. A quiver of arrows stood next to the bow. The bow glittered with four gemstones set in the weapon and Beebop realized it must be the Elven Bow. The craftsmanship was astounding even from the distance he stood. Beebop, an amateur woodworker, gaped at the exquisite work. He looked around the room and saw chairs arranged in front of a raised dais. Well, he thought, we won’t be sitting in the niches. On the dais were five other chairs, each occupied by an elf. Findecano was completely at ease in the room while Alatariel appeared jumpy and nervous. Beebop remembered Findecano had once been a leader of the elves and held meetings in this room. He wasn’t sure about Alatariel, but he suspected, as a scout, Alatariel hadn’t had many opportunities to be in the room in front of the elven leadership. When they were in the room and seated, a light shined from high above, illuminating the five chairs and their occupants on the dais. Nana, who had a background in public relations, shook her head at the theatrics. Beebop saw her reaction to the attempt to impress and intimidate them and gave her a quick knowing smile.
The seated elves were similar in appearance to Findecano and the other elves that accompanied them to this place, except for the elf who sat in the middle chair. That figure had much lighter hair than Findecano or Alatariel, but his skin, while not as dark as the Drow, was much darker than the other elves. Like the other elves they met, he was handsome, but his eyes had a reddish tint to them instead of the golden eyes of the Light Elves.
He spoke in a somewhat husky voice, “Welcome to Elessar Melwasul and the Elven Council. I am Naesse Tasartir, leader of the council. This is a new experience for me as I have never met a human, and we do not know how to honor you. Thank you for agreeing to attend the council and for bringing our kinsman back to his home. I wish to thank you for helping protect the lives of our scouts. Word of your marvelous feats of magic in defeating the wolves reached us - though I wish you had brought the dwarf with you for questioning. The need of the scouts to protect the entrances to the Northern Forest is paramount and bringing the dwarf might reveal them. Once again, we thank you for your actions.”
Beebop stood and addressed the Elven Council.
“Thank you for the opportunity to address the council. For us, attendance is honor enough. As humans, we thought elves to be but myths and legends. To discover they are real and as beautiful and magical as our children’s tales reminds us of the many mysteries in the world that we do not yet understand. This is a rare and wonderful gift given us. Allow me to introduce my wife Lana, whom my elven friends call Nana, and my grandchildren Aidan and Maggie.” Beebop pointed out each of his family members. As the five elves seated above them nodded their approval of Beebop’s response, he seated himself again.
Naesse spoke again, “Your turn of speech is eloquent and one that elves appreciate. Pleasantries aside, I wish to understand how you came to be in our world. To be here, you must cross the barrier between our worlds. To do that, you must use magic and know the words to speak to overcome the magic of the barrier. I am aware of the magic you used in defeating the wolves, but that magic is insufficient to overcome the barrier. Can you enlighten me what brought you here and how?”
“Findecano can better answer those questions than I,” Beebop answered. “He has more insight into what has transpired to bring him into our lives.”
Findecano stood and faced the Council, drew a deep breath and launched into his story.
“To understand how my friends came to be here, I must go back two hundred years. The elven world was at peace and enjoyed great prosperity. As the summer solstice neared, we made our preparations for the celebration. A few days before the celebration, two visitors arrived in Elessar Melwasul. These visitors were emissaries from the Drow. Their names were Enelya Leralonde and Elerosse Silimaure. As the leader of the Elven Council, the duty fell upon me to house, feed, and offer hospitality to these guests. Despite our elven code of honor and trust, I sensed something untoward about the two visitors. The Drow wanted to negotiate trade between the Drow and the Light Elves. They wished to trade for our woodcraft and agricultural products for their metals and gemstones. With that pretense, they discussed trade with us and we accepted their story at face value. The discussion continued well into the day of the celebration and we had almost completed our negotiations for trade. Without much knowledge of the ways of our guests, and eager to be a good host, I invited our guests to the celebration. An elven celebration is an event we do not approach lightly. There is much feasting and drinking of wine. Music and dancing continues for hours until the participants are exhausted and often overcome with the effects of the wine. Our celebration was no exception, perhaps one of the liveliest in our history, except our guests did not take part in the festivities. Not being familiar with the customs of the Drow, most did not find their behavior odd - especially after the wine flowed. I sensed something that was not quite proper, so I did not indulge in the festival as I might have in normal circumstances. When the celebration ended, and it was time to retire for the evening, I escorted Enelya and Elerosse back to my home, pretending the night’s activities overwhelmed me. When we reached my home, I bid them good night after showing them to their chambers, and went to my own. I lay on my bed and listened for any sounds from their rooms. After an hour or two, I heard them moving stealthily. The Drow opened my door, and I feigned sleep, but through eyes open a tiny slit, I could see the Drow checking to see if I was asleep. Satisfied the celebration had bested me, they left my house. After a few moments, I followed the Dark Elves. Though the Drow can see well in darkness, I could walk the entire settlement with my eyes closed. I had no trouble keeping them in sight as they made their way to this place. I waited until they were inside and then I crept in to see what they were doing. What I saw was incredible. The two Dark Elves removed the gemstones from the Elven Bow and replaced them with inferior gems. I confronted the two to stop them. The pair were too powerful for me. Light Elves are masters of wood and things of light and air. The Dark Elves are masters of minerals, stones, and metals. Elerosse had brought with him a stone known to humans as a fairy cross. The actual mineral is chiastolite, a crystal with mysterious properties. For reasons unknown, the inclusions in the crystal form a cross. The inclusions can be shale, or clay, or carbon, or iron. In the stone Elerosse possessed, the inclusion was of iron, and, with the help of an unknown invocation, they imprisoned me in the crystal. As a Light Elf, iron can control my movements and keep me held in thrall. One moment I stood in this room, and the next trapped in a small stone. Imprisoned with me in the stone was a troll, placed there as my guardian in the event I might figure out a way to escape my prison. During the last two hundred years, I shared a small space with a malodorous, ill-mannered, and ill-tempered troll.”
Findecano paused and asked for refreshment. An elf appeared with a tray laden with tall mugs of clear cold water and offered them to Findecano, Alatariel, and the humans. Everyone accepted gratefully; Findecano to wet his throat, and the rest to break the tension that Findecano’s account had built in the room. Findecano drank another swallow of the cool water and then continued with his story.
“I accepted I was not to be freed of the prison when fate intervened and Maggie found the stone.” Findecano pointed to Maggie with a nod of his head in her direction. The five elves of the Council gazed at her impassively and she looked away nervously.
Findecano continued with his narrative.
“The humans were unsure what the stone was and were unaware of its contents. They took the stone to their home. Beebop and Maggie were looking at it when a burst of energy flowed through the stone. That burst of energy allowed me to project my image and ask them to free me from the stone. Stunned is the best description for their reaction. Magic has mostly fled from their world and elves are but legends and myths to them. Surprised by my image, they dropped the stone and left the room. I despaired of being free, but the next morning, Beebop returned to the room and collected the stone. He intended to throw it away, but Aidan and Maggie, against Beebop and Nana’s wishes, took the stone and broke it open. It freed me, but I still faced challenges convincing the humans I was real. They could not accept that an elf stood before them, but, again, fate intervened as my troll guardian burst into the house intent on returning me to his masters. The threat of the troll caused Nana to strike him on the head with an iron skillet, which knocked him unconscious. I appreciated the irony of iron holding me in the crystal and then iron helping to keep my freedom. Beebop then secured the troll with a substance called ‘duct tape’, an effective but unknown binding. Beebop discovered the troll’s name, which was Yul. The discovery of his name rendered the troll powerless to act against Beebop and his family. Beebop could have destroyed him had he known how, but without provocation, there was no need. Instead, we took him to the barrier and returned him to this world. I opened the passage to allow him to cross. We then returned to Beebop’s home where I planned to return to Celahir alone to begin my quest to recover the real Elven Bow gemstones.”
Findecano paused again and took another drink of water before continuing.
“The next morning, we returned to the barrier and were saying our farewells when a group of orcs and Elerosse and Enelya attacked. We escaped our attackers and fled to Celahir through the barrier.”
“How were you able to escape orcs and Drow?” Naesse asked intently.
“Beebop provided our escape. He created a bright light that forced the orcs and the Drow to retreat into the gloom of the trees away from us. I believe the light temporarily blinded them. During their temporary incapacitation, we fled to the barrier, which I opened, and crossed over to Celahir. We traversed this world heading for the Northern Forest. As we camped one night, the scouts came upon us and joined us on our journey here.”
“Did you use magic to create the bright light?” Naesse asked Beebop.
Beebop stood and answered, “No. I used an object from my world called a flare. When ignited, the flare will burn brightly for a short time. I lit the flare and stuck it in the ground in front of the Drow and orcs, ran to the cave, and we crossed the barrier with Findecano.”
Naesse pondered his answer for a moment but said nothing as Beebop returned to his seat.
“When did the battle with the dwarf and the wolves occur? Did the scouts administer the truth test before allowing you into the forest?” The questions came from one of the council members to their far left.
Alatariel stood and addressed the question.
“After we joined the travelers, we journeyed with them to a short distance from the Northern Forest. There we rested, and I administered the test using a lapis lazuli.”
“I take it the results satisfied you since you let them enter,” Naesse stated.
“Findecano was truthful and not a menace to Elessar Melwasul. The humans proved impossible to test.” Alatariel replied. He told the council about testing the humans. “The lapis lazuli has small golden inclusions in it. When the stone touched their foreheads, the inclusions glowed. I have never seen such a reaction,” Alatariel added.
The council members glanced at each other and murmured amongst themselves, surprised by this revelation.
“As we left the small clearing we were in and headed to the Northern Forest, we encountered the dwarf and more than a dozen wolves. The wolves attacked,” Alatariel said and finished his report by giving his account of the battle.
Findecano took up the narrative again. “We are now here, and you know what brought us. You can see the stones now in the Elven Bow do not bear the carved ancient runes that enhance their power to sustain the barrier and support balance in the world. The increase in the malevolent creatures that are now threatening the Northern Forest shows the balance in our world is shifting to the dark side. Our human friends have seen increases in wars, famines, natural disasters, and other phenomenon. These increases began at the same time as Enelya and Elerosse stole the Elven Bow gems and replaced them with the false stones.”
Findecano finished speaking and drained the rest of the water in his mug. Silence descended over the group and remained for a short time. They didn’t know the proper protocol, so they weren’t sure whether comments were proper. The council was silent as they contemplated Findecano’s tale. At last, an elf with hair darkening with age, and who was sitting off to Naesse’s far right, spoke with a rough-timbered voice.
“I must apologize for the council’s rudeness. Naesse neglected to introduce us. I am Napolde Dorthonion, eldest of the Council. My colleagues are, beginning on my left, Tari Elendil. On Naesse’s immediate left is Angrod Mithrandir and our final member is Nessa Calmcacil. We welcome you to this council and thank you for saving our kin. Findecano, welcome home once again and I am sorry you had to endure the trial put upon you. It is well you returned to our home. Much has transpired since you left us long ago. We can discuss this later after the council concludes if you will join us. Alatariel, I am pleased you returned from your latest scouting trip with your sisters and Artanis without suffering injury. Please rest and restore yourselves before your next journey. For our human guests, I have specific questions, but that can wait until we hear Beebop’s account of testing and the battle with the wolves. Beebop, if you will, please tell us what transpired.”
Beebop stood and faced the Elven Council and spoke.
“As Alatariel told you, he administered the test using the lapis lazuli. He told us we could enter the forest and come to this place to meet the Elven Council. Alatariel’s story of the battle is correct, so I have nothing to add.”
“How were you able to summon power?” Angrod Mithrandir asked abruptly.
“I don’t know. I assume that we channeled power from gemstones. It isn’t something any of us did before,” Beebop answered, exasperated by the redundant questions.
“Why did you free Findecano from his prison?” asked Tari Elendil.
“I freed him,” Aidan said rising to his feet. “Beebop and Nana always told us we should help people when we can. Findecano needed our help, and he was sad. I went against the wishes of Beebop and Nana, but it was the right thing to do.”
Beebop and Nana looked at him approvingly and he continued.
“Maggie agreed with me on the decision to break the stone, and she was brave during the battle with the wolves. I think our power came from the gemstones that Findecano gave us before he left our home intending to come here alone. We have been wearing them since then.”
Naesse looked surprised at that piece of information and turned toward Findecano and asked, “Why did you give them gemstones of such power? Humans may not know what they have and could be at risk when using power.”
“I did not intend to give them stones that had power in our world. I believed my gifts to them would stay in their world. We had to flee the Drow into Celahir and the power inherent in the stones found outlets. The gemstones I gave them match their birth months, which was the inspiration behind the gifts. We did not mean to meet enemies or face battles that allowed the stones to express power. None of us knew my friends could tap into the power of the gemstones. I do not regret their abilities, though, since they preserved us during our battle,” Findecano answered.
The council members looked at one another for a few moments, absorbing Findecano and Beebop’s stories, and then Nessa Calmcacil spoke.
“Alatariel, are you sure you administered the test correctly?”
Alatariel stood, faced the Council, and said, “Yes. The test revealed Findecano was truthful about his intentions and he believed the humans were his friends and not harmful to the elves. I found no reason to deny him entrance to the Northern Forest. When I tested the humans, I did not find truthfulness or falsehood. What I found was power that surpassed the lapis lazuli. Since I could not determine the truth of their intentions, I decided it was a circumstance best left to the council. I will attest to the fact, though, that without their help, we could not have survived to bring them to you.”
“Which brings us to the most important questions,” Angrod Mithrandir said. “Why are the humans here? Are they here simply due to circumstance or are their purposes nefarious? If our truth tests cannot discern their intentions, then how can we, in these perilous times, be certain they are friends?”
Maggie jumped to her feet and protested, “We helped Findecano, Alatariel, Luthien, and Lotheth. We aren’t here because we want to be, but because people from your world are in our world causing us harm. How can we be sure you are our friends?”
Nana reached out, held Maggie’s hand, and urged her back into her seat. Naesse grimaced at her outburst but replied calmly,
“You raise a valid point. You know nothing of us except for what your legends tell you. I can assure you our intentions toward you and your world are benign. If, as Findecano says, our Elven Bow stones are false, then the situation here becomes direr with every passing day. What he says rings true since the barrier has weakened and other Light Elf settlements experience incursions from evil. The Drow are stronger while we are weaker and less willing to confront the evils of the world. Perhaps we are too proud or too willing to accept our superiority without considering the valid contributions other races make to our world. Our own follies led to the theft of the Elven Bow gemstones. If false stones replaced the gemstones in the Elven Bow, we shoulder the blame. Had we been more understanding and willing to accept the idea others are equal to us, then there might not have been this effort to weaken us. We can talk with others, admit our past mistakes, and show we learned from those mistakes. Our way is not always the best way for others. We cannot lead through arrogance, but must acknowledge our fellow races may have better ways than the Light Elves. This includes, of course, the Drow. For too many years, the Light Elves considered themselves the ‘good’ elves since we live among the trees and sunshine and the Drow were militant and evil, living underground. Every creature has a purpose, and no creature is above others. For this reason, I sought leadership of the elves, so I could help lead the elves to this realization. A snake is not evil by nature. When it bites, its actions are perfectly in keeping with its nature. Most creatures act the same although those with the ability to think and reason may act in opposition to their true nature through a conscious choice. These beings are evil and we should treat them accordingly. Confronting these beings with force is the last resort. We, as rational beings, should be able to sit together, discuss our differences, and resolve them.”
Nana leaned over to Beebop and whispered, “He sounds like a human politician on the campaign trail!”
Beebop chuckled and nodded his head in agreement.
Naesse spoke again, “I am still curious about your powers drawn from the gemstones. Humans using gemstones is unprecedented and unsettling, but inconsequential as you are returning to your world soon. Once again, we thank you for attending this council. I will ask Alatariel escort you back to your lodgings and bring food for your refreshment. Your own belongings will be clean and ready for you when you return to the guest lodgings. Please rest tonight and be prepared to return to your world tomorrow. Findecano, please stay with us for a time. We want to ask you more questions about your time imprisoned in the stone and the alleged theft of the gemstones. Farewell and peace be upon you humans.”
Nana leaned over to Beebop and whispered, “I guess we are dismissed.” Beebop smiled and nodded his head in agreement.
Naesse and rest of the Elven Council stood and bowed to the humans, then shuffled away into the darkness as the light illuminating the dais dimmed. Alatariel stood and gestured toward the door at the rear of the room.
“Please follow me.”
He led the way out into the village and crossed the short distance to their lodgings.
He opened the door for them and said, “Lotheth and Luthien will bring food both for tonight and for your journey tomorrow. Rest now, restore yourselves, and you will be home soon. I bid you good night.”
“Good night, Alatariel,” they replied in unison. “See you tomorrow morning.”
The four humans sat in the common room around the small table and waited for the elven sisters to arrive with their food. Beebop hadn’t realized how long they had been in the council room, but he was suddenly aware he was hungry. He could tell by looking at the other three that they were hungry, too. He smiled to himself, thinking his two grandchildren were finicky eaters - even more so than he was. They had eaten things on the short journey he didn’t expect. Fish the first night, mimusops with the fish, and who knows what for tonight’s dinner. He realized with astonishing clarity how much he loved those two. Nana noticed his smile and looked at him inquiringly.
“Why are you smiling?” Nana asked.
“I just love the three of you and that makes me smile and be happy. While I didn’t choose this journey, I can’t think of anyone in this world, or any other world, with whom I want to travel. I was thinking, though, that our finicky eaters are trying new things and that surprises me. More surprising is the reaction we had to these circumstances. We aren’t surprised that we found an elf trapped in a rock or that a troll guarded the elf. We defeated the troll when you clonked it on the head with a frying pan, not something in your normal repertoire. Aidan and Maggie are incredible and far braver than I imagined. You, though, surprise me the most. No complaints about your back or of the miles hiked. You slept on the ground, and sat in the most surrealistic setting anyone could imagine, and you are as full of grace and poise as ever. I’m so proud of you. That’s why I’m smiling.”
“I wondered why we haven’t been truly freaking out,” said Nana. “Yet, it feels like we are doing what we are supposed to do. Crazy sounding, but that is what I believe. How I let the stone stay in our house overnight, I will never know. Hitting a troll over the head, or facing orcs, and fleeing into a fairy world is unbelievable. I keep expecting to see Shrek and Donkey show up any minute. Either we are having a delusional dream, or we are really doing this. I’m not dreaming, so it must be real. You’re right, though. The children are amazing and so are you., but I’m ready to leave this behind and return home.”
Right then, a knock came at the door and Lotheth and Luthien entered bearing steaming trays of hot food. They brought roasted rabbit, venison, and fish accompanied by a variety of vegetables, bowls of fragrant soup, and fruits. To drink, they brought water and an odd-tasting tea. They set the trays on the table and told them to leave the trays outside the door when they finished. The elves left their freshly laundered clothes. The four of them said the blessing, then dug into the food and ate until they couldn’t eat another bite. When they finished, Beebop gathered up the trays and set them outside the door. He returned to the table and asked Aidan and Maggie a simple question.
“Are you two ready to go home?”
“No!” they answered in unison.
Aidan continued, “We can’t leave now. We have to help Findecano correct the balance in the world. How can we walk away when our own world is in danger? Leaving isn’t the right answer.”
“Besides, school doesn’t start back for a few days, and we might as well do this instead of going water skiing or rock hunting,” Maggie added.
“I understand, but we can’t fix this,” said Beebop. “We lack knowledge, would be in the way, and be a danger to everyone - including ourselves. We need to tell Findecano, the scouts, and the council goodbye tomorrow and go home.” He added, “Fate may have a different course for us. We go places we didn’t choose, so it may be our course in the days to come. Unless something changes, though, we are going home tomorrow.”
The kids protested, but stopped at a knock on the door. Findecano called out and asked to enter. Beebop invited him into the small room and motioned for him to find a seat.
Beebop sensed Findecano’s agitation, and he asked him straightaway, “What’s the problem, Findecano?”
Findecano drew a deep breath and said, “I spoke with the council and I showed them the false gemstones in the Elven Bow. I told them of my quest to recover the true gems and return them to the bow so we can regain the proper balance in the world. For all of our discussion, I might as well have been talking to the wall. A few members of the council believe me and want me to go on the quest and succeed. Naesse holds great sway over them and he either did not believe me or did not care. He dismissed my entreaties for help out of hand and banished me from Elessar Melwasul.”
Beebop and Nana looked shocked at his statement, so Findecano clarified. “He did not banish me from Elessar Melwasul, but he made it clear I was not welcome to stay. It is of little consequence whether he approves - I will still go forward with my quest. The elves will not help. Regardless, we leave in the morning. I, along with our scout friends, will escort you back to the barrier and return you to your world. Then I will go recover the gemstones and make things right.” Findecano paused and then continued.
“I came here first to make sure you were comfortable. Are you in need of anything?”
Beebop shook his head. Findecano nodded and added, “I will visit my old friends whom I have not seen for a while and visit my family. We elves need little sleep, so I will spend most of tonight reacquainting myself with my friends and family. I will come by for you tomorrow morning and we will get an early start. I hope you sleep well.”
Beebop thanked him and bid him good night and Findecano took his leave.
Beebop turned to his family and said, “It’s time to turn in for tonight. We have a long walk ahead of us tomorrow, so we need to get to bed and get as much rest as we can. Go hop in the bed and Nana and I will come put you to bed.”
Aidan rolled his eyes as he felt he was too old to for that routine.
Beebop saw the eye roll and added, “We aren’t tucking you into bed. We are just coming in to say good night.”
Aidan gave him a quick smile and he and Maggie headed off to their room. Beebop gave Nana a big hug and a quick kiss and they went to tell the kids good night. After giving each a hug - despite Aidan’s protests - they wearily walked to their own room and tumbled into the bed. Only moments passed before they were both sound asleep.
Beebop woke up abruptly when he heard a small sound coming from the children’s room. He jumped up out of the bed and headed for their room. He opened the door, tensed and ready for any confrontation. The noise was Maggie having a nightmare. She was tossing and turning in her bed and mumbling. Nana came in behind him, having awakened when he jumped out of bed.
She whispered, “What’s going on in here?”
“Maggie’s having a bad dream. I will try to wake her.” Beebop went over to Maggie’s bed and gave her a gentle shake.  She opened her eyes after a moment but didn’t awaken. She gazed up at Beebop with an unfocussed look and spoke.
“The humans might be a great danger to us. We need to ensure that they do not return to their world. I suspect they are more powerful than they led us to believe. If we allow them to escape us, they may spoil our plans and bring ruin upon us. Tomorrow when they leave here, we will have eyes in their midst and we will strike when the moment is right.”
Maggie stopped speaking and her eyes closed. She sat up in the bed and gave a startled little scream. “Why are you staring at me Beebop? What’s wrong?”
“You were having a nightmare, and it woke me up so I came in to check on you. Everything is fine now. Go back to sleep.” As he turned to leave her bedside, he noticed she had something clenched in her hand.
“What are you holding?”
“Oh,” Maggie replied. “I went to sleep with my quartz that Alatariel gave me in my hand. I guess I should put it on the table.”
She laid the stone on the small bedside table and settled into the covers. Beebop kissed her on her head, checked on Aidan to make sure he was still sleeping, and headed back to his room. Nana repeated his actions and then came into the room.
“What was Maggie talking about and who was speaking?”
“I don’t know. I’d say it was someone from the Elven Council. Why do they consider us a threat? We aren’t hiding any powers I’m aware of and we aren’t dangerous. I wish Findecano would stop by tonight or we knew where we could find him. I won’t be able to sleep again tonight, but I can’t go wandering around looking for Findecano or Alatariel. You try to go back to sleep and I’ll stay awake and keep watch.”
“I won’t be able to sleep either, but I will try. Come get me if you get sleepy and I will stay up for a while,” Nana replied. She went to lie on the bed, but brought him his flashlight from his backpack first. In a few moments, she drifted off, overcome by weariness. Beebop sat in the darkened common room listening for any odd noises that might signal danger. After a few hours, though, he too was getting sleepy when soft footfall scraped outside the door. He jerked awake and looked around for a weapon. Finding only a wooden pitcher that had held water earlier, he grabbed it, and crept across the room to hide behind the door. A moment after he got behind the door, it creaked open and a head peered into the room. Backlit by the glowing grasses of the Forest, a body followed the head as the figure moved inside the door and into the common room. The figure crept in farther and shut the door. Once the door closed, Beebop sprang into action. He turned the flashlight on, shining it into the visitor’s face, and then swung the pitcher at its head. The pitcher connected with a solid thunk, and the figure went down like a felled tree. Nana heard the commotion and ran into the room. Beebop stood over a prone figure who was now groaning and trying to shake off the fog brought on by the blow from the pitcher.
Beebop shined the flashlight into the face of his captive and saw Angrod Mithrandir sitting on the floor rubbing his head. He lit candles and turned off his flashlight to conserve the batteries. 
“What are you doing sneaking into our lodgings in the middle of the night?” Beebop demanded.
“I came to talk with you and give you a warning. I did not expect an attack,” Angrod said, indignation evident on his face.
“My apologies for hitting you,” Beebop said. “But, we didn’t think elves made it a habit to sneak into houses and frighten their guests.”
Aidan and Maggie came in the room rubbing their sleepy eyes.
“What’s going on, Beebop?” Aidan asked.
“Angrod was just paying us a late visit. We are going to sit and talk, so let’s make ourselves comfortable.”
Beebop pointed to the couches and chairs and everyone grabbed one. He moved his over in front of the door both to keep Angrod from fleeing if he tried and to impede anyone else from visiting. Beebop looked at Angrod and asked, “Are you ready to tell us why you came here?”
“You humans are strange to us. We do not know if we can trust you or if you could cause harm - whether intentional or unintentional.” He looked at Beebop and rubbed his sore head accusingly. “Despite protests from the council, I wanted to tell you of a threat we received. The dwarf you subdued and left tied up got free and returned to his people. They are demanding we give you to them so they can exact their idea of justice for injuring one of their people. In olden days, an attack on elves justified a greater response. We elves rarely seek confrontation with the other races, but we are a formidable enemy when necessary. Now, we prefer to negotiate and seek treaties with others. I fear that in the morning, the council will give you to the dwarves so as not to rouse their anger against the elves. Please gather your belongings, make your way out of the Northern Forest, and get a head start on your journey home. I will send Findecano around to see you on your way, and I will ask the scouts to accompany you for protection.” Angrod took a breath and then added, “Will you heed my advice?”
“It pains me to run from a challenge, but I don’t know how to fight the creatures here. I must consider the safety of my wife and my grandchildren, so yes, if Findecano and Alatariel will come to us, we will leave tonight under cover of darkness. But,” Beebop said fiercely, “please let this be known. If anything happens to my family, no power in this realm will prevent me from taking my revenge. You know what we did on the meadows. Don’t doubt we can do the same here and with more power than you can imagine if it becomes necessary. We didn’t ask to be here and don’t seek confrontation of any kind, but we will protect what is precious to us. Warn the Elven Council we can also be formidable when necessary!” Beebop finished speaking and gestured toward the door.
Angrod jumped to his feet and left with many nervous glances over his shoulder.
Nana waited until he was well out of earshot and asked, “What are you doing Beebop? We are powerless yet you threatened a member of the council. What’s going on in your head?”
“A bluff my dear. They don’t know what we can and cannot do. All they know is what we told them about our actions in the battle with the wolves. I don’t believe for a minute the dwarves sent a message – especially since we heard Maggie talking in her sleep. The message came from within the Elven Council and they are setting a trap. Angrod likely does not know the message from the dwarves wasn’t real, probably believes the tale, and thinks he is helping us. The easiest way to do that is for us to leave under cover of darkness and they can ambush us again. I will bet you when Findecano comes, he will know the same tale as will Angrod. We will leave tonight, but we must go with Findecano on his journey until we can safely return to our world. We will tell them along the way.”
He turned to Aidan and Maggie and told them to get their things together and pack them into a pack the elves provided when they returned their cleaned clothes. Then he and Nana went into their room, packed up their belongings, grabbed Beebop’s backpack, and went into the common room to wait. Aidan and Maggie joined them a few minutes later, and they sat quietly, bags packed, waiting for Findecano to arrive.
Findecano came to the door an hour or so later. The children had drifted off to sleep, but jerked awake when he knocked on the door. Beebop let him in, greeted him with a quick handshake, and led him into the common room. The other three humans were standing, eager to get going.
Findecano greeted them with a hug and said, “Angrod told what he heard. I am sorry to involve you in this, but I will make sure you arrive home and nothing ill befalls you. We will leave by the same path we entered the forest and we should be at the barrier tomorrow night. I am better equipped with weapons now.”
He gestured at the bow across his back along with a quiver of arrows and to the longish dagger in his belt. He had a pack slung across his other shoulder.
“I am carrying extra supplies we might need along our way. We can be on our way as soon as you are ready.”
“As soon as we get our packs on our backs, we can leave. But we won’t be heading to our home though. If you will allow us, we will go with you on your quest. We don’t want to bring any dangers near our house. There are other things to tell you we didn’t tell Angrod. We need to act as though we are leaving as we came. I assume we can deviate from the path and exit the forest at another point more convenient to your quest?”
“Yes, Beebop, we can. I confess I am confused. What caused you to change your mind? But, I will ask no questions for now. My path will be most perilous. I have told no one of the creatures that harbor the stolen gemstones. There will be time for those stories as we travel, so let us go now, meet the scouts, and begin.”
Beebop and his family shouldered their packs and followed Findecano out the door and into the night. The dim light from the grasses illuminated their trail, and Beebop made a mental note to ask Findecano about the grass when he had time. They rendezvoused with the scouts and headed out along their original path that had brought them into the Forest.
After an hour, Findecano halted the trek, waited until the group had gathered around him, and then spoke.
“Here we will take a different route. Beebop and his family will join me on my quest to recover the stolen Elven Bow gemstones. I know, approximately, where they are guarded and by whom and the trail will be dangerous. While I cannot ask any of you to disregard instructions from the Elven Council and follow us, I ask that you delay the return to the council until we slip away. We do not wish for everyone to know our path.”
The scouts exchanged glances and Alatariel answered.
“We decided Artanis and I will go with you if you allow. Lotheth and Luthien will wander around the forest checking access points to make sure no creatures infiltrated this place. After a day or two, they will return to the council and report our separation and that they are unaware of our whereabouts. Their story will be true since they will not know what direction we take.”
Findecano nodded his approval, as did Beebop. Alatariel turned to his sisters, gave each a hug, and whispered something in each one’s ear. Luthien then turned to the humans and gave each a hug and said,
“My sister and I owe you not only our lives, but the life of our brother. Our brother made a vow to aid you in any way possible, and we will honor his pledge. We wish we could go with you, but at least for now, our paths must diverge. Go in peace and I hope you find what you seek.”
With that, she and Lotheth turned and disappeared into the Northern Forest. The gloom swallowed them and they faded from sight.
When they had gone, Alatariel sighed a huge sigh and had a worried look on his face but said to Findecano,
“Lead us where you will. We will protect you and help as best we can, but we will need details of our journey so we can be prepared.”
“All in good time, Alatariel. Let us get out of the forest where I can be assured unfriendly ears and eyes are not listening to what we say and seeing where we go.” Findecano then struck out perpendicular to the path Lotheth and Luthien had departed on, leading the small band into the twilight gloom of the Northern Forest.
The group walked through the forest for a few hours and then Findecano stopped them and called for a short rest. He opened his pack and handed out mimusops to everyone. As they munched the fruits, the humans felt their weariness leave them and they felt much better. The elves drew strength and energy from them, too.
When they had finished, Findecano asked, “Alatariel, I do not know the words to open the path out from the Forest. There used to be a crossing here that leads toward our first destination, but I cannot get us out.”
“I can open the path, but I am not familiar with the area. Artanis, do you know where we are?”
“Yes, I do,” Artanis said. “This region is fraught with many dangers at the best of times. With Celahir’s balance tilting toward evil, I do not know what perils we may face.”
Aidan asked in a quavering voice, “What do you mean ‘many dangers?’ What dangers?”
Artanis replied, “Near here is the home of the kelpie. The kelpie is a magical being that masquerades as a beautiful horse. It lures the unwary traveler to hop on its back and ride. Once the rider is on its back, he or she cannot escape and the kelpie will leap into the nearest body of water and drown its victim. Besides the kelpie, orcs, goblins, trolls, ogres, and the odd treeman live here. Dwarves frequent the region, but, unless they are accompanied by wolves, or worse, werewolves, they are not too difficult to handle.”
“What is a treeman?” Maggie asked, thinking it was a silly name.
Findecano answered her question. “The treemen are creatures who live as trees most of the time. They can leave their trees for a short time and cause havoc for those who cut down the woods. Light Elves live in forests and use wood to build homes, light fires for cooking, and make bows and arrows. Treemen are not fond of us. As with dwarves, they are easy to manage as they move slowly and can only be away from their tree for a short time before becoming weak. But, if they can get a limb on you, they might spirit you away and imprison you in their tree.”
“They trap you inside trees? How can you breathe?” Maggie persisted.
“You become part of the tree and they can hold you there as long as they wish. But, if you are careful, you can avoid them and they are not a problem,” Alatariel replied.
“Are we in any real danger?” Nana inquired.
The elves chuckled and Alatariel said, “No. There are dangerous creatures here, but if we are cautious, we should be able to avoid them. I brought these for you.” He reached into his quiver and withdrew short staffs, each the length of a walking cane.
“They may aid you in walking, but they can be used for defense. I saw what you can do with these,” nodding at Beebop and Aidan, “so they be of great use to you in the event we meet enemies.” He handed a staff to each of the humans and then turned to the other elves.
“I will open the path out of the forest. Please move the humans from the woods as quickly as possible so I can close the path.”
He then went to a spot in the trees and began his chant. In an instant, the trees shifted and a path out of the trees appeared. The rest of the group hustled through the opening and then he made a slight change to his chant and obscured the path once again. He ran to catch up with the group who had continued ahead of him. As he reached them, he heard a sound behind him and they turned just as the first orcs spilled from the edges of the Northern Forest.





Chapter 7
 
 
 
Findecano, Alatariel, and Artanis formed a triangle around the humans each facing outward towards the orcs. The orcs encircled the group and brandished swords and pikes at them, but made no movement closer. There were at least thirty orcs, their tusks dripping with saliva and their foul breath stinking up the entire area. When Findecano made a feint towards them, they growled and pushed forward, but as Findecano stepped back, the orcs resumed their positions. The creatures waited for a sign or signal. After what seemed an eternity, but was maybe ten minutes, there was a ripple toward the back of the orcs and they parted to allow someone pass. It turned out to be not just one person, but a small group. Findecano saw who it was and a black scowl crossed his face.
“I should have known it was you.”
“Findecano, once again trying to sneak into the night as you did two hundred years ago. I assumed your imprisonment taught you to stay away from us,” Elerosse said. The elf added mockingly, “You are acquainted with Enelya, but I my two other guests might be a surprise.”
The orcs pushed two figures forward, and they both stumbled and fell to their knees in front of the elf. Bruised and disheveled, Lotheth and Luthien looked up at him, shame evident in their faces.
“How did you find us?” Findecano whispered as Alatariel rushed forward to check on his sisters. At his movement, the orcs pushed forward, growling and with blood lust in their eyes, but a sharp word from Elerosse stayed their eager rush. The orcs snorted in disappointment, but fell back as Alatariel helped his sisters to their feet and brought them back to the group.
“When one has eyes and ears, tracking is much easier. Artanis, thank you for your service. As we agreed, you may collect your reward, return to the Northern Forest, and report back to our master,” Elerosse said, enjoying the shocked looks on the elves faces.
Alatariel whirled around to face Artanis, pure anger leaping to his face.
“How dare you betray us? How can you align yourself with ones such as these? You are a disgrace to the name of scout!”
Artanis looked pained at his comments, but answered calmly, “I am sorry to do this to you and your sisters. Although you have been fine companions, your hatred of the Drow blinds you, and prevents grasping that being equals is the better way. Instead, you cling to the outdated notion that the ways of the Light Elves are superior to all others. By helping with this, I can help elves regain their status as brothers to each other and to the rest of the world - even humans. I spoke to the master and I follow the true path. The path you pursue is not the true path. The quest must fail and I have played my part in helping its failure. As my reward, I will now take a place on the Elven Council and further our cause. Goodbye Alatariel. We will not see each other again,” Artanis turned on his heel and strode into the Forest, chanting the invocation that opened the path.
Beebop spoke from behind the elves, “What do you intend to do with us? Where will you take us?” He pushed his way to the forefront and eyed Elerosse and Enelya balefully. “I warn you we won’t go quietly and peacefully.”
Elerosse chuckled and said, “I am not frightened by your brave words. As you can see,” gesturing around them, “we have you outnumbered and if you try to fight us, we will destroy you. In case you have forgotten, your escape in the human world embarrassed these orcs, and damaged their reputations. They will be happy to make you pay for their shame. Your escape did not please me either and caused Enelya and me many hours of very painful questioning from our master who does not take failures lightly. You will go with us or face destruction.”
“The fact you talk without taking action shows how much you fear us. Fine, we warned you. If you try to force us to go, you will face our wrath and your destruction will be on your own heads. Though we may not have magic as you do, we can trigger our considerable powers. If you don’t believe me, ask your wolves and dwarf.”
“You will trigger nothing!” Elerosse roared as he moved back toward Enelya and spoke to the orcs. “Take them!” At his command, the orcs rushed toward the small group of elves and humans.
Maggie let out a piercing scream at the orcs and then mumbled a few words and a barrier of flame rose around the group. The orcs stopped short of the ring of fire, unsure what to do. One or two tried to break through the flames, but jumped back with clothes aflame. Elerosse spoke a few words in Elvish, and the flames diminished. One orc leaped high in the air, attempting to jump over the flames. Alatariel shot an arrow, and the orc fell back, crashed into the ground, and didn’t move again.
Maggie reached into her pocket and held the quartz crystal Alatariel had given her the previous day. She concentrated on it, holding an image of the ring of fire in her thoughts. The ring blazed brighter and grew stronger. The orcs and the two Drow fell back from the flaming circle as it grew. As creatures of the underworld, the bright light was painful for them. Beebop took a cue from Maggie and concentrated on his aquamarine, thinking of rain, thunder, and lightning. In a few moments, clouds gathered and flashes of lightning jumped from cloud to ground. Beebop continued to concentrate and discovered the ability to direct the lightning to a general location. He guided of a bolt to the tree standing behind the Drow. The bolt shot out of the sky and blasted a limb from the tree. The Drow leaped out of the way as the limb fell where they had been standing. Nana joined in the fray and she blasted the orcs standing in front of her. The blast leveled the group, but only knocked them unconscious. Aidan grabbed his staff and sent a blue flare of power toward the Drow. The blast lifted them, along with several of the orcs, into a small depression just out of the range of vision. The rest of the orcs scattered before them, tripping over each other as they fled. Maggie let the flame flicker out. Beebop saw that her power didn’t singe a single blade of grass. Findecano and the other elves stood transfixed, gaping at the display of power the humans showed.
Alatariel started to speak, but Beebop held up his hand and said, “Just get us out of here. We will talk as soon as we are safely away from here. The stakes are raised since we used power we frankly didn’t know we had. Whoever wants us gone will now double their efforts to remove us. So, lead on and get us somewhere safe.”
Findecano choked back a retort and instead looked at Alatariel and asked, “Alatariel, where can we flee? You know this place better than the rest of us.” Alatariel looked thoughtful for a moment and then pointed off to his left.
“There are caves in this direction with a water source nearby. We can rest there for a few hours before we will have to move. As Beebop said, this display of power will bring more powerful enemies and swifter action against us.”
Alatariel turned and headed in the direction he had pointed but as he turned, Nana glimpsed his face and she saw naked fear in it. She wasn’t sure whether he was afraid of them or for them.
Alatariel led them on an hour of rapid hiking over very rough terrain. The group reached small hills that resembled nothing as much as worn jagged teeth. Alatariel called a halt in front of a grouping of large stones and wove his way through them. The boulders opened into a shallow cave with a high ceiling. The ceiling touched here and there with soot, showing large fires had burned here. Large carved sleeping niches populated the walls with seating areas set between the niches. At the back of the cave, a small stream surfaced for a few feet providing water for the weary companions.
“We will be safe here for a short time. If the Dark Elves ask Artanis, he knows this place, and can lead them here. We used it many times to rest during our scout rotation here.”
The humans gratefully dropped their packs and sat heavily in the seats. Alatariel found torches and lit them to lessen the gloom of the cave. Beebop rummaged through his pack and handed out bottles of water while Findecano handed out mimusops from his pack.
Nana motioned the elven sisters over to her and, using the contents of Beebop’s first aid kit from his backpack cleaned and treated their wounds. Most of their injuries were bruises and scrapes from the rough treatment by the orcs, but Luthien had a large gash on her leg. Nana reached into her pocket and removed the bloodstone Alatariel had given her. Without a spell, she simply concentrated on the stone that soon warmed in her hand. Nana placed the stone on the gash. Within moments, the gash closed and healed. Luthien gave her a tight smile and a quick hug of thanks, then sat back to eat and drink a little.
The companions ate and drank in silence for a few moments and then Findecano asked, “Where did your power originate? How did you know to use it?”
Maggie spoke first. “I remembered when we fought the wolves and how I prayed for something to protect us from them. So, I recreated the ring of protection around us. When the ring weakened, I grabbed the crystal Alatariel gave me yesterday and concentrated on making the ring stronger. It worked.”
Beebop followed her, saying, “I remembered Findecano told me the aquamarine could control storms. When I saw what Maggie was doing with her stones, I concentrated on creating a storm. I focused on the lightning and directed it where I wanted it to hit. While I don’t understand why it works, we can channel the power from the stones and make the elements they are linked to follow our suggestions.”
Nana added, “The Drow and the orcs are lucky I wasn’t mad when I sent the blast of fire at them. I could have killed them, but they are out for a while.”
“When I shot, I was mad, so I hit them hard. But, I’m tired now, like I’m drained of energy,” Aidan added.
“The knowledge we have of humans tells us they do not use magic. Over the years, we heard of humans who scratched the surface of the old magic. The Druids touched pieces of it, and witches and sorcerers tried to use stones for their petty spells, but none touched true magic. The few exceptions were King Arthur, Merlin, and Morgan Le Fay, but even they did not use the stones as you have. You tap directly into the energy flow that few elves can touch,” Findecano marveled.
“This helps explain why the lapis lazuli read nothing. You are more powerful than the stone,” Alatariel said. “Once again, though, we owe you our lives. Thank you.”
“I won’t say it was a pleasure, but you are most welcome,” Beebop said.
“Now, Findecano, please explain what we are looking for and where we might find it,” Nana asked.
Findecano answered, “Four gemstones are missing from the Elven Bow. The Drow gave each of the stones to a different creature for safekeeping. The Dark Elves would destroy the gems, if possible, but they are not powerful enough. They divided them among the fiercest creatures imaginable in our world. The kelpie that Artanis referred to earlier guards one gem - the Carnelian. We will have to defeat the kelpie to recover the gemstone. How we do that, I have no idea. The kelpie itself is not as dangerous as the other creatures, but it presents its own special problem. The kelpie has likely hidden the gemstone in its underwater lair, so retrieving it will be most difficult. Along with evading whoever is pursuing us - and make no mistake, there will be pursuit - we have to find the kelpie, get into its lair, retrieve the gem, and get back to the surface. No small task.”
“So, how will we find the kelpie?” asked Aidan.
“The kelpie haunts rivers and streams, ponds, lakes, or any water that has depth and is not still. The creature may appear as a horse, or a colt, but can sometimes shape shift into a human male or female. Usually, though, the creature will be in horse shape. The legends say if one can replace its bridle with a common horse bridle the kelpie must then do whatever his captor asks. The story is only legend, and I do not know of a single soul who survived the kelpie. To find it, we need to go to the deep river to our north. Called the Ecthelion in elven speech, it flows from the Maglor Elensar; or Bleak Mountains in human speak, to the sea. The river is wild, rapid-filled, and treacherous in any season, but especially in the spring as the snow in the mountains melts. Somewhere along the river, we will find the kelpie. Elerosse and Enelya told me of each creature that protects a gemstone. They know we must try to retrieve the stones, and they can set traps for us. The Drow hunt us even as we hunt the kelpie. The other unknown is the Drow’s master and what powers and abilities that person brings to this great game of power,” he added as an afterthought. “But, they do not know our – your - capabilities. I say elves are beings of magic, but you humans have proven to be the magic users. The knowledge can only confound them and add to their uncertainty. We will take advantage of their confusion and continue to move. After a few hours rest here, we will head north, skirting the place our enemies last occupied. Alatariel and his sisters will find us a path to avoid pursuit.”
Alatariel nodded his agreement, and, after ensuring her injuries had healed, assigned Lotheth first watch on their campsite. He found a niche and made himself comfortable, which was difficult, since the walls were rock. Findecano chuckled and told them to find a rock suitable for a pillow and put it into the niche. Once everyone found one and picked out a niche, Findecano chanted softly in Elvish and the rocks softened into pillows and the niches into mattresses. He finished chanting and said, “While not as comfortable as your home, Nana, it will suffice for tonight.”
Everyone stared at his use of magic and he chuckled again.
“Living in a stone for two hundred years left me time to explore the nature of magic and what can be accomplished with it. This was a practical use I explored into reality.”
Nana settled into her niche and answered, “After sleeping on a pine straw bed, I find it luxurious. Thank you!”
Alatariel extinguished all the torches but one and the group fell silent and settled into their niches. Within moments, the entire group, including the elves, was asleep or resting.
Lotheth woke them a few hours later, and they climbed out of the niches and stretched. Beebop passed out bottles of water and refilled the bottles they had drunk from earlier. Findecano handed out mimusops, and they ate them hungrily. Despite the short time they had slept, everyone was refreshed, rested, and ready to head out on the search for the kelpie. Lotheth reported there was no sign of pursuit but she and Luthien scouted out ahead of the rest of the group just to be safe. Beebop and Nana marveled at the rugged country as they hiked.
“The colors are brighter and more vibrant than back at home,” Nana remarked.
“I agree,” Beebop said. “I can’t recall such beautiful flowers and green colors. The air itself looks as blue as the sky. The colors almost have texture to them. Except for the botanical gardens we have visited, I have never seen such an amazing display of color.”
“The magical quality of this world creates the impression,” Alatariel said, coming out of his silence.
“Alatariel, will you answer a few questions for me?” Nana asked. Alatariel nodded, and she continued. “Why do you think Artanis betrayed you - us - as he did? What could he have to gain?”
“Artanis’ betrayal was a great surprise. In our years of scouting together, he was always a staunch supporter of the Light Elves’ ways. I cannot imagine where he met Elerosse and Enelya or what convinced him to turn to their side in this conflict. It pains me in ways I had not imagined I could be hurt. But, he has chosen sides, so if we meet again as foes, I shall stop him from causing us harm.”
“I remember his speech to us when we first met the scouts. He was very vocal in his support for the Light Elf ways, so I’m dumbfounded he was working with the Drow,” Beebop said.
“Let us hope we do not meet him again,” Findecano said, quietly matching their strides. “Since we are asking questions, Beebop, I have one for you. Though I have little experience with humans, my father told me of his travels in your world. ‘Beebop’ and ‘Nana’ are not common human names. How did you get your names?”
Beebop and Nana both laughed and Nana answered, “In our world, grandparents such as Beebop and me are often called nicknames by their grandchildren. I chose Nana instead of grandmother. Beebop had chosen Pops in honor of my father. Aidan couldn’t say Pops when he was little; instead, he called him ‘Bop’. I asked Aidan what Bop’s real name was and Aidan told me it was Beebop. We’ve called him Beebop since then. My given name is Lana and Beebop’s is Bill. Aidan and Maggie have called us Nana and Beebop for so long we call ourselves those names whenever the children are with us. If you prefer, please call us by our given names.”
“Nana and Beebop are the names I know, so I will continue to use them, but thank you for clarifying,” said Findecano with a smile.
“I have a question, too,” Aidan said, walking up to them. “Findecano told us Valandil Lissesul forged the Elven Sword. Is he Alatariel’s ancestor since they have the same name?”
“Lissesul is a common name among elves and no story tells me Valandil is my ancestor. It is an intriguing thought, though,” Alatariel answered thoughtfully.
Alatariel suddenly held up a hand, and they stopped. He listened for a moment and then told the group to follow him to an outcrop of rock atop a small hill. Once at the rocks, he told them to hide and wait for him.
“Luthien just whistled a warning. Although I do not sense pursuit, it could be magic masking pursuers and preventing us from discovering them. Please stay with Findecano. I will go find my sisters and handle whatever is out there. If I need help, I will call. Believe me; you will not miss the call.”
Alatariel melted away from the rocks and disappeared. The humans looked at Findecano, who shrugged and said,
“I trust Alatariel knows what he is doing. We wait here until he calls for help or returns.”
“What else can you tell us about the kelpie?” Maggie asked.
“There is not much more to tell. I doubt we can kill the kelpie and not because the beast is a creature of magic. Elves, orcs, and dwarves are magical creatures and can die, but no legend tells how to defeat the beast, much less kill it. We can try to capture and tame the beast, but we need a bridle. The kelpie feasts on the flesh of its captives, but that is only rumor,” Findecano replied.
“How can it be captured?” Maggie persisted.
“I am not sure. Perhaps we will discover a clue when and if we can find the beast,” Findecano answered.
The group fell into an anxious silence as they awaited the return of Alatariel or his cry for help. They didn’t wait long as footfalls among the rocks alerted them, and Luthien appeared, breathless and distracted to the point of not looking at them.
“Alatariel is hurt! Please, you must come now. The orcs, Elerosse, and Enelya attacked us. We drove them away, but they injured Alatariel during the battle.”
Luthien turned away and headed back through the rocks. The others grabbed their packs they had set aside when they first reached the rocks and followed her. Luthien set a rapid pace through the rocks and they struggled to keep her in sight. Maggie paused for a moment and pulled Aidan aside.
“Something isn’t right with Luthien. She didn’t even look at us the whole time she was talking and she never mentioned where Lotheth was. The crystal Alatariel gave me was humming oddly, too. We need to be careful.”
“I will protect you if you’re worried for your safety,” Aidan said.
“I don’t need your protection to stay safe.” Maggie said tartly. “This whole thing worries me. We don’t know what is going on, where we are going, what dangers we might face. I’m worry more for Nana and Beebop more than for us. And they don’t even look worried.”
“We will be careful and look for a way to get home as soon as we can. I know Nana and Beebop are worried, but they aren’t showing it so they won’t scare us. We are tougher and smarter than they think. Now, let’s catch up with them so they won’t worry where we are.” Aidan took her hand and hurried along the path to catch up with the others.
The siblings caught up with the rest of their group in just a few minutes. Maggie wanted to take Nana and Beebop aside and explain her misgivings, but she didn’t have a chance as they hurried along behind Findecano and Luthien. They moved along a ridge bordered by more large rocks and a few stunted trees, and the sound of water roared in the distance. The group climbed a small rise and reached an overlook into a valley. The view was stunning, but they didn’t have time to stop and admire it. Luthien continued into the valley without pausing. Luthien wasn’t stealthy or quiet, but the adults and Findecano didn’t notice. Aidan and Maggie exchanged apprehensive glances, but they followed. They both tightened their grips on their staffs and hoped they were wrong.
The companions reached the valley floor and threaded their way through the thickening forest until they reached a small clearing among the towering trees. They could see Lotheth crouched over a prone body. Nana pushed forward and kneeled to see if she could help. A cloak-covered body lay on the ground and she could not see the face. Nana reached to remove the cloak when the figure sat up, uttered a few words, and a red flash of power snapped out of nowhere. The power engulfed the four humans and Findecano, holding them motionless. The figure rose and threw back the hood of the cloak.
Naesse Tasartir stood before them and said, “We meet again. I had hoped to avoid direct confrontation with you, but my two minions are not equal to removing you from this world.”
Lotheth and Luthien walked over to Naesse and stood next to him facing the captured group. The two elves shimmered, distorted by the red fog of the thrall, and Elerosse and Enelya appeared.
“You are not the only ones to wield power. If you had any idea what true power is or what it means, it could be dangerous. Your powers are extensive, but they will not save you now. If you could find the source of your power and tap into it, you might be formidable, but you will not survive long enough to discover it. Say your farewells to each other before I destroy you.”
Maggie found she could move her hands and reached into her pocket and felt for the quartz crystal. She remembered her gemstone around her neck protected her from both physical and psychic attacks. She concentrated on increasing its power and extending it over her friend and her family. A gradual decrease in the power restraining her rewarded her efforts. Maggie directed the reduced power toward Aidan first. If she could free Aidan, he could use his double-ended quartz to further increase her power and free the others. She heightened her concentration and saw the red power enveloping her and Aidan had faded.
Aidan turned his head, and she whispered, “Reach into your pocket and grab your quartz and concentrate on me.”
Aidan slid his hand around the stone and closed his eyes, deeply concentrating on Maggie. The red power cocoon faded further.
Naesse noticed the fading power and roared, “You will not use power against me!” He chanted his spell and for a moment, the red thrall holding them strengthened. Aidan and Maggie concentrated harder on their stones and the red envelope weakened once again. Then Elerosse and Enelya joined Naesse in his chant and the red thrall closed on the humans and Findecano again. As it closed over Aidan and Maggie, Maggie cried out as if in pain and her concentration faltered. Maggie’s cry of pain jolted something within Aidan and he felt a rage building deep inside of him. He didn’t know what to do with the anger, but he couldn’t contain it. Aidan’s anger was as red and hot as the thrall enclosing them was. His rage searched for an outlet like a trapped animal trying to free itself from a cage and finally found one in the staff he clutched. An uncontrollable coruscation of power burst from the end of the staff, obliterating the red thrall and hurling everyone in different directions. The explosion threw Findecano, Nana, and Beebop around like rag dolls, and they ended up crumpled against the surrounding trees and rocks. Unscathed, Aidan and Maggie stood in the center of the maelstrom creating by the release of Aidan’s anger. The Dark Elves and Naesse disappeared as if the power obliterated them. The outburst stunned Aidan and Maggie stared at him open-mouthed.
Aidan shook his head to clear the cobwebs, looked at Maggie and yelled,
“That was epic!”
Then he ran over to where Nana and Beebop were groggily trying to get to their feet. He helped Nana up first and then extended his hand to Beebop. By the time he got them both to their feet, Maggie had joined him and was checking on a small cut on Nana’s arm. Nana brushed her away and turned to Aidan.
“What on earth happened? How did you destroy the thrall?”
“I can’t really explain it,” Aidan replied. “One minute the weird red fog stuff held us and the next everyone was flying all over the place.” Aidan smiled at his grandparents and told them what happened.
Findecano limped over to them from among the rocks where he had landed after the blast of power. He had a cut on his leg, but was otherwise uninjured. Findecano looked at Aidan and Maggie in astonishment and then checked on Nana and Beebop. Nana’s arm cut was bleeding profusely, so he asked her for her bloodstone. She handed it to him and he took the stone and chanted a spell. After a moment, he laid the stone against her gash, the bloodstone glowed for just a moment, and the bleeding stopped. The cut healed. Once it had faded into a barely noticeable pink line on her arm, he transferred the stone to his leg and healed his own cut. Healing work done, he handed the stone back to Nana, and she put it in her pocket.
“I didn’t think the stone worked on humans,” Nana said. “Alatariel told me it was a healing stone, but I figured it only worked on denizens of Celahir, but not anyone else. Wow!”
“The bloodstone is one of the most effective stones. Its healing ability will be there when you need it, but I will show you how to increase its powers.”
“We can do that later,” Beebop said. “Let’s get away from here in case Naesse and his friends show up again. They will not be so slow to act if or when they see us again.”
“Wise council, Beebop. We do indeed need to move along,” Findecano agreed. He walked over to Aidan and Maggie and tousled their hair. “Your grandparents should be very proud of you. I have never seen young ones act braver than you have. Now, let us get ourselves together and get on our way.”
Beebop walked over to his grandchildren and swept them up in a bear hug.
“Findecano is right. Nana and I are very proud of you. We might not be alive if it not for you two. I love you both!”
Beebop put them down and grabbed his backpack as Nana gave the two children a hug, too. When she had finished, everyone grabbed their staffs and packs and followed Findecano away from the attack site. Aidan looked back at the battle scene and noticed a few of the smaller trees sustained damage. Snapped off limbs littered the ground and small boulders had rolled from their original resting places. He impressed himself with his display of power. Findecano led them on a trail until they were at the edge of the river. The Ecthelion flowed over the rocks, the river singing its own mysterious song as it traveled. They walked along its banks until they found a deep pool near a small clearing in the trees lining the bank. The companions stopped, washed off the dirt and grime from their recent battle, and then sat to rest. They had not rested long when they heard the sound of approaching footsteps. They leaped to their feet, staffs at the ready. Alatariel, Lotheth, and Luthien stepped into the clearing, shocked to see the humans and Findecano in a defensive posture. To add to the scouts’ confusion, Maggie slapped a protective ring of fire around her family and Findecano.
“Well, we found you!” Alatariel exclaimed. “Where did you disappear to and why are you prepared to fight us?”
“It is a long story, my friend, but not one for telling right now. A better question might be where you have been,” Findecano answered tersely. Alatariel looked startled at the Findecano’s gruff response.
“Why do you ask it in such a manner, Findecano? Why did Maggie create a protective ring? Have I offended you?”
“Offended? No, I am angry! When you left to investigate, Naesse attacked us and, if Maggie and Aidan had not saved us by using their gemstones, we might be dead. That is part of a story for later. Now we need to know where you and your sisters were.”
“I left you in the rocks while I went to investigate the whistle signal. I caught up with Lotheth and Luthien and we followed a group of orcs until we determined they were not searching for us. We tracked back here but had to avoid a pack of wolves. Once we cleared the wolves, we headed back to the rocks where I left you. Lotheth saw you here by the river and we hurried to reunite with you. What brought you here?”
Findecano appeared satisfied by the response, but he looked at Nana and Beebop for their reaction to the tale.
Nana clasped her blue topaz in her hand and concentrated silently for a moment. She looked at Beebop and smiled, and then they both nodded at Findecano. Nana told Maggie to release the protective ring, and the power dropped away.
“We will have to tell you later,” Findecano said tensely. “We need to find a place to rest that is safe from outside prying eyes. I think if we do not hide soon, we may face a battle we can’t win. Do you know a place, Alatariel?”
“Yes, I know a safe place the scouts use to escape pursuit from the more unpleasant denizens of Celahir. Please follow me.”
Alatariel led them toward the river and walked upstream for a short distance. The river narrowed and flowed over a waterfall over twenty feet high. The water roared over the small falls and hit the group with a cool spray. Alatariel walked into the river, headed straight for the base of falls, and stepped through the cascade of water. The others followed him through the curtain of water and found themselves in a deep cavern. Similar to the cave they rested earlier, this cave had niches cut into the walls for both sleeping and sitting. Glowing stones set in the wall lighted the cave remarkably well. The glowing stones warmed the cave, and it wasn’t damp and cold, as they had expected. They could talk without fear of being heard and discovered since the waterfall outside masked whatever sounds they might make. Happy to be warm and safe, they made themselves comfortable in the seating niches. Findecano passed out food, including mimusops and small cakes that resembled rice cakes. The cakes, sweet and satisfying, filled their grumbling stomachs. Findecano called them celebrindal and, as with the mimusops, not only provided refreshment and nourishment, but also gave them a boost in energy and helped them recover from their exertions.
While they ate, Alatariel, still unsure of what had caused the strange reaction to the scouts’ arrival, asked cautiously, “Are you ready to tell me what happened back there?”
Findecano and Beebop exchanged glances and Findecano answered, “I am sorry we reacted the way we did, but something strange happened after you left to investigate the whistle.” Findecano related the story of their fight with Naesse and the Drow.
At the mention of the leader of the Light Elves, Alatariel visibly started. His sisters stopped eating and looked at Findecano in astonishment.
“I did not lead you anywhere!” Luthien protested, jumping to her feet. “I was with Lotheth and Alatariel tracking orcs and avoiding wolves. Unlike Artanis, I will not betray us,” Luthien added indignantly.
Nana, who had been silent since they had left the clearing next to the river, now spoke.
“Findecano, they speak the truth. I should have been listening to my gemstone you gave me back in our world. Luthien’s shape shifter caused the stone to warn me, but I didn’t understand the warning. I had a similar feeling when we first met Naesse, but again didn’t understand what the stone was trying to tell me. When I thought about it after the scouts found us, I listened to my topaz and it told me they were the real scouts. As I listen to them now, I know that Alatariel and his sisters are telling the truth.”
“Maggie told me something wasn’t right with Luthien when she appeared back in the rocks before the attack. She said something bothered her when Luthien didn’t look at us or mention where Lotheth was. We should have stopped and told you,” Aidan said.
“We believe you,” Beebop said soothingly to the scouts. “While the thrall held us, Luthien and Lotheth shape-shifted back to Enelya and Elerosse. Naesse was with them. Naesse cast the thrall over us and meant to kill us when we escaped. We had to get away from there, though, because we don’t know what happened to the Drow and Naesse. We know is they weren’t there after Aidan’s power destroyed the thrall. Since they had shape shifted once, we needed to be sure they weren’t trying to fool us again.” Alatariel nodded apparently mollified by Beebop’s explanation.
“How did you escape?” Luthien asked, changed the subject.
“Aidan and I did it,” Maggie said proudly. “We used our gemstones to destroy the thrall.”
“From where do humans get such command over the powers of gemstones? Even elves do not have such control over those powers. I wonder what else you might be capable of doing,” Alatariel said wonderingly.
“You said you didn’t know what happened to Naesse, Enelya, and Elerosse,” Lotheth said.
“No, we don’t know,” answered Beebop. “When Aidan exploded the thrall with his power, those three disappeared. I don’t believe they are dead, but they may be diminished. We escaped, but we still have to keep moving and stay ahead of them.”
“That still doesn’t answer the question of how you can control the gemstones’ power, though,” Alatariel remarked again.
“We don’t understand it either, but we are glad we can use them in times of need,” Nana said.
Aidan smiled at him and said, “We have you to thank, though. I focused my power from the sapphire Findecano gave me through the quartz crystal you gave me. Maggie overcame the red thrall with her quartz which allowed me enough freedom of movement to use my quartz together with the sapphire.”
“We have had enough conversation for now. We need to rest and be ready to move on in a few hours. Lotheth and Luthien will keep watch outside, but, with the sound from the waterfall, we will not hear any warnings. They will scout for us, but we will be on our own if someone happens on this place and attacks. I will stand guard,” Alatariel pronounced.
“I have an idea,” Maggie said. “What if I can place a barrier on the entrance that will protect this place and prevent anyone from entering? I can try, and, if it works, gives everyone a chance to rest.”
Alatariel said, “That will be an acceptable solution if you can make it work. Cast your spell and let me test it. If it works, then we will use it. If not, then my sisters patrol.”
Maggie concentrated on her crystals and soon a shimmering protection appeared across the cave entrance. Alatariel tried to cross it and he flew backward into the cave. He grinned ruefully at his friends, rubbed a bruise on his elbow where he had crashed into the wall and said, “Your defense is adequate. We can rest here.”
He spoke a few Elvish words and the glowing stones dimmed. Findecano then said a few words and the sleeping niches softened. Everyone picked out niches in which to rest and soon fell asleep or into a trance.
The entire group must have been extremely tired. The humans slept straight through for over eight hours and the elves, normally resting in the trance for four-hour periods, matched them for time. At last, Findecano stirred from his trance and stretched, coming awake in an instant. He looked around at the rest of his companions and smiled, then gently shook Alatariel on the shoulder. Alatariel was instantly awake, too, and went to rouse his sisters. Findecano roused the humans, noting that like the elves, Beebop and Aidan were instantly wide-awake, while Maggie and Nana took longer to come fully awake and aware. They rose from the sleeping niches, stretched and readied themselves for the day’s travel.
“I wish I could brush my teeth. They feel fuzzy,” Nana remarked. They laughed in agreement.
“Maggie, if you could remove your barrier,” said Alatariel. “I do not want to get thrown around again trying to force my way through it.”
Maggie smiled and concentrated on the barrier for a few moments and it disappeared.
“Thank you,” Alatariel said. “Everyone please wait here for just a few minutes while my sisters and I check the area, we will be on our way.”
He signaled for Lotheth and Luthien to lead the way out of the cave and through the waterfall. Findecano and the humans waited in the cave for their return. While they waited, Nana asked Findecano a question that had been bothering her.
“Findecano, you talk about your father, but what of your mother?”
Findecano looked startled at the question, but he answered readily enough, “My mother was Ninde Telemnar. She died when I was very young.”
“Oh, I’m sorry I asked,” Nana said.
“It is fine you asked. Elves do not live as humans do. Though most elves have only one mate during their lives, rarely do the two live together. Usually, the elves get together to have a child. Once the child is born, the elves live apart; the child lives with the mother, with both parents involved the child’s education. Such was the case with my father and mother.  My mother fought against a Drow raiding party while trying to protect me. She sustained severe wounds in the battle and, despite the healing ability elves inherently have and the aid of our healers, she could not overcome the injuries she received. It was then that my father took me in and reared me. I think my mother’s death led him to search the human world for a way to escape the tragedy. He began his search soon after I was old enough to fend for myself. I saw him little after that, and was always in awe of him, as were many elves. It is usual for an elf to go off on a personal discovery journey, but very few spent much time in the human world, much less came back to tell tales of adventure. It was very difficult to live in the shadow of such a legendary figure. I became a leader of the elves partly because of his status and because of what my mother had endured on my behalf.”
Findecano fell silent, reminiscing about his earlier life. Nana felt guilty for asking, but she thanked Findecano for the information, turned away, and walked over to Beebop.
“I’m sorry I asked,” Nana said with a touch of sadness. Beebop nodded, gave her a quick hug, and they waited in silence for the scouts to return. A shout from Alatariel broke the silence, and they hurried through the waterfall to reunite with the elves.
Alatariel said, “We saw no signs of pursuit. We will hike along the river headed toward the headwaters of Ecthelion. We hope to find the kelpie and retrieve the first of the stolen gemstones - assuming we can figure out how to do that.” He gestured toward the north where they saw the dim smudges of the Maglor Elensar against the horizon. Alatariel spoke in Elvish to Luthien and she led the way northward along the banks of the Ecthelion.
They continued northward along the river. Nana and Beebop once again marveled at the rugged scenery and the height of the trees that grew along the riverbank. Aidan and Maggie were not paying much attention to the scenery as they were chatting with Lotheth and Luthien. Despite the impossible circumstances, it was a gorgeous day for a walk in the forest, and the surroundings were incredible. The laughter of the two children mixed with that of the two younger elves and it made the day happier. As they walked, they relaxed and tension from the past few days floated away. Even Beebop and Nana laughed despite the worries they tried hard to hide from Aidan and Maggie. Findecano and Alatariel were speaking with each other in Elvish and the lilting tongue they spoke in fascinated Nana. It was musical and enchanting.
Findecano caught her listening to them and said, “Nana, we can speak in your language, if you prefer.”
“No, not at all. Elvish is a beautiful language and I love to hear it spoken. It reminds me of the lilting Irish language and tugs at my heart.”
“I find it interesting that you relate it to the Irish people. It is possible the Irish language originated from the Elvish tongue centuries ago. Legend says the barrier between our worlds resulted from an Irishman falling in love with the wife of the sea god. Many of your legends of elves and other fairy folk originated on that emerald green island. The kelpie we are searching for is an Irish legend for you. Here in Celahir, your legends have a very grim way of turning into reality. Make no mistake; there are things in this world that can kill you as surely as they can in your own world. For instance, if Naesse had succeeded with his plan, you are dead and lost to your world. In fact, I fear you cannot return to your world until this quest resolves itself.”
Nana and Beebop both looked startled at his pronouncement and started to protest, but Findecano held up a hand to forestall them.
“I am not sure my fear is justified and we will try to get you home as soon as we can. Every time we start in that direction, something interferes and you continue with me. Of course,” he chuckled, “I do enjoy the company.”
They laughed as they continued walking. The day slipped by as they made their way upriver. The Ecthelion was an ever-changing river that was calm, serene, and deep in spots, while raging over boulders in others. They stopped for a meal and Findecano amazed the group by using a spell to lure fish into shallow pools and capture them. The fish swam docilely into the pool where Findecano reached in and grabbed them without a struggle.
“It is a trick my father taught me when I was young. It was helpful during my own years of wandering before I became a leader of the elves and then my imprisonment in the stone,” Findecano explained.
He went into the trees and cleaned the fish, built a small fire, and cooked the fish. Lotheth and Luthien gathered large leaves off the trees to use as plates, and they found mimusops to add to the meal. Beebop handed out bottles of water and they sat in the shade of a huge spreading tree that neither Nana nor Beebop could name.
“It is a chestnut tree,” Findecano answered when questioned. “They exist in your world, but not as grand as this one. I estimate this tree is over three hundred years old. The chestnuts are supposed to have healing properties and old tales say chestnut trees offer safety during storms. Their large leaves and many branches are supposed to protect against lightning strikes.”
They fell silent as they ate the fish and fruit and drank the water. When they had finished, Beebop and Maggie went to the river to refill the water bottles, each selecting a still pool a small distance apart. While they were filling the bottles, Maggie saw a horse standing in a clearing not far from the river and near her pool. Finishing with her bottles, she looked around and saw Beebop was still filling his bottles, so she decided to pet the horse. As she approached it, the horse nickered and tossed its head as if inviting her closer. Maggie looked for Beebop once again and saw he was still filling bottles. She knew she shouldn’t, but she edged toward the horse which was solid white with a black mane. The horse was large and sturdy looking and its bridle sparkled in the light. Reins hung loosely over its neck. Maggie stretched out a hand and the horse nuzzled her palm. She stroked its forehead, and the horse nickered again. She saw a tree stump nearby and climbed up on the stump. The horse edged over to the stump and stood next to it as if expecting Maggie to climb on its back. Maggie nervously looked at the horse, debating with herself whether to mount it. Her cousin Parker rode horses in competition, and Maggie thought she could ride a horse, too. It might be easier to ride with a saddle, but she thought she still could manage. She gingerly put one leg over the horse’s back and the horse shied away, so she pulled back. The horse moved toward the stump again and Maggie grasped its mane with both hands and leaped on the horse’s back. The horse started and reared, neighing loudly, then ran back in Beebop’s direction and toward the river. Maggie screamed in terror and held tightly to the mane, reins dangling.
Beebop looked up from the bottle he was filling and saw Maggie riding toward him on the back of the horse. He realized at once that the horse must be the kelpie. Beebop jumped in front of the horse, waving his arms. His actions had the desired effect as the kelpie stopped in front of him and reared again, neighing and pawing at the air. The kelpie dropped back to the ground and eyed Beebop suspiciously. The others were running toward the kelpie, alerted by Maggie’s scream and the neighing of the horse. Beebop leaped suddenly, grabbing at Maggie, and landed on the kelpie’s back. Burdened with two people, the kelpie reared again, trying to shake one of the riders. Unsuccessful at dislodging either of them and with the elves and humans getting closer, the kelpie ran to the river and leaped into the raging waters, Beebop and Maggie still clinging to its back. Nana and Aidan were the first to reach the riverbank. Nana screamed Maggie and Beebop’s names as the kelpie dove deep and took the riders under the dark swift water.





Chapter 8
 
 
 
The kelpie dove deep toward the river bottom with Maggie and Beebop clinging to its back. Both of them gulped a deep breath before the kelpie hit the water, but their need to draw air was critical. Beebop held Maggie around her waist and tried desperately to separate them from the horse, but they stayed stuck to the back of the beast.
Beebop had red streaks flashing in his eyes when he remembered the aquamarine hanging on the chain around his neck. He reached up, grabbed the stone, and focused on it. At first, nothing happened, but gradually an air bubble formed around Maggie and him. Though only a few seconds passed, it felt like hours since his last breath. The air bubble around them and steadied not a moment too soon as Maggie finally had to breathe. She was shocked when she drew a breath of air instead of water. Beebop breathed, too, and once again tried to free them from the horse. The effort was unsuccessful, so he wrapped his arms around Maggie and rode the kelpie toward the bottom of the deep pool.
Once they reached the bottom of the river, Beebop focused his thoughts on his aquamarine. He asked Maggie to hand him her quartz, and she handed it to him with trembling hands. Maggie was not a strong swimmer and, with water swirling around her face just outside the air bubble, she was panicking. She wanted to get out of the river. With the quartz in hand, Beebop’s power grew and the air bubble expanded, finally encompassing the kelpie. The horse reared in surprise, an incredible sight given they were on the riverbed. When the horse reared, Beebop and Maggie slid off its back, free from whatever held them to the beast, and stepped away from the horse. The kelpie bellowed in anger as they slipped away. The air bubble followed them, leaving the kelpie in water again. As soon as they were free, Beebop grabbed his granddaughter’s hand, and struck for the surface. The kelpie followed them, swimming faster than Beebop. Despite kicking at the bubble with sharp hooves and biting the air pocket with its teeth, the kelpie couldn’t break the air bubble. Seconds before they broke the surface, the kelpie turned away and disappeared into the depths of the river.
Up on the riverbank, Nana was screaming Maggie’s and Beebop’s names repeatedly, tears running unchecked. Aidan was crying too, and Findecano and Alatariel held him to keep him from leaping into the water after his sister and grandfather. Lotheth and Luthien both jumped in, but returned to the riverbank dejectedly, unable to find their missing companions. Findecano even took a turn in the water, but he, too, came back empty-handed. The sudden turn of events that robbed them of Maggie and Beebop stunned the companions. Aidan came over to Nana, wrapped his arms around her, and tried to comfort her. She hugged him back, and they both sobbed uncontrollably. Findecano and the rest of the elves stood by, unable to help. The elves had lost companions before, but none of those losses affected them this way. For reasons unknown, losing Maggie and Beebop, and the raw emotion Nana and Aidan displayed moved them deeply. That depth of emotion was foreign to elves, so for them to experience it was a rare and special thing, even in the desperate circumstances.
Farther upstream from where the rest of their party mourned, Beebop and Maggie broke the surface of the river and Beebop pulled them toward the bank. He dragged them both from the water and sprawled on the ground breathing heavily. Maggie was crying, her tears mixing with the water dripping from her long hair; the aftermath of their brush with death hit her hard. To make it worse, Maggie, unlike Aidan, didn’t swim well, so almost drowning was overwhelming. Maggie threw her arms around Beebop, buried her face in his shoulder, and wept uncontrollably. Beebop stroked her hair and whispered to her until she calmed. He finally got her to stop crying and gave her back her quartz.
“Without your stone,” Beebop said, “the kelpie drowns us. Maggie, you saved our lives.”
His statement got Maggie’s attention, and she smiled. Encouraged by the smile, Beebop said, “We need to find our family and friends. Aidan and Nana will be crazy because they think we drowned.” Beebop wanted to ask her why she had tried to ride the horse, but now was not the time.
Beebop stood and held his hand out to help her. Maggie grabbed his hand, smiling more now, but still shaky on her feet. Beebop held her hand tightly and headed south, toward where they had left the others.
Maggie and Beebop took an hour to reach the spot where they had entered the river. The track was difficult with lots of trees and heavy underbrush, and they stopped often to rest. Neither said much as they walked, but Maggie kept a tight grip on Beebop’s hand. They came out of the brush and saw Nana and Aidan huddled together with tear-streaked faces. The elves sat nearby, respecting the grief of the humans, but they, too, seemed inordinately sad. Maggie, unable to contain herself any longer, dropped Beebop’s hand and rushed toward Nana and Aidan. They looked up in astonishment, color draining from their faces as if they saw a ghost. Aidan leaped to his feet, tears starting anew, and threw himself at his sister. He hugged her hard, pulled away as if he wasn’t sure it was her, and then hugged her again. Aidan let her go, ran to Beebop, and hugged him, too. Nana jumped up and, as soon as Aidan let Maggie go, grabbed her granddaughter in a big hug. She kissed her on the cheek, brushing away the tears. Nana then walked over to Beebop, wrapped him in a hug, and kissed him gently and then passionately. Nana stepped back and called Maggie.
Once Maggie was standing there, she said, “Never do anything like that again! If you do, I swear I will...”
Nana didn’t continue as she dissolved into tears again. Beebop smiled and went to comfort her. The elves joined the humans and peppered them with questions.
Beebop held up a hand and said, “We need to find somewhere safe to rest and recover. Maggie and I had a difficult day and we need to sleep and eat. Let’s answer questions later.”
Nana looked at him closely and saw he was swaying from weariness and Maggie looked worn out, too. Understanding how close they came to losing them hit her, and her tears welled again. She realized how tired she was after the emotions of the day, and all she wanted at this moment was to be back at her home on the mountain, snuggled up next to Beebop on their big king-sized bed, and listening for Aidan and Maggie to awaken.
Nana looked at Findecano and said forcefully, “Findecano, I want to go home. We will rest and then you will take us to the barrier. I’m not up to this and I can’t risk my family’s lives anymore.”
Findecano nodded at her and said with a gentle smile, “I am sorry these events caused you distress and I regret our time together must soon end. It is clear now that your lives are more precious than I realized and I cannot bear to lose you. There are few people in this world, or any other, whom I call friends, but you are among those. Our time together is a treasure, but now you must go home.”
Findecano turned and spoke to Alatariel in Elvish. Alatariel called to his sisters and then went to find a suitable shelter for them to rest and recover from their harrowing experience.
The scouts returned a few minutes later and led them to a cave burrowed into a hillside. The opening was a tight squeeze, and Nana struggled to enter. Claustrophobia threatened to stop her. She closed her eyes, swallowed hard, and crawled into the hole. Fortunately, the cave widened, the ceiling soared, and Nana didn’t sense the walls closing in on her. The cavern was dark, though, so Findecano uttered a spell in Elvish and the cave walls glowed with a faint light. The cave had no sleeping niches, so the scouts went out of the cave and returned with armloads of soft rushes from along the riverbank, and made them into beds. They used their packs for pillows and stretched out on the rock floor to rest. Maggie and Beebop went to sleep at once, with Aidan and Nana not far behind them. The elves sat quietly until the humans slept and then, except for Findecano, went into their trancelike rest period. Findecano stayed awake to watch over them and to plan how to return the humans to their world.
After a few hours passed, Findecano woke everyone. He gathered mimusops while the others slept, handed out the fruits, and Beebop gave out bottles of water.
When everyone was sitting and eating he said, “We have to follow a western track and we should be at the barrier point tomorrow. We must move quickly, though, as I fear the kelpie will report our escape to the Drow. That should bring Enelya and Elerosse - and maybe Naesse - hurrying to track us.”
The group finished eating and Beebop, under the watchful eyes of Nana, went to the river to refill their water bottles. He completed the refilling without incident and started to comment about Nana watching him. One look at her expression and he decided against saying anything. They rejoined the rest of the party and trekked westward, Lotheth and Luthien trailing along behind them. The scouts hoped to detect any pursuit and give them enough warning to hide. While they walked, Beebop told the rest of them what happened with the kelpie.
“How did you make the aquamarine work? What made you try?” Nana asked him when he finished his story.
“I was desperate and the stone was the only thing I had, but I remembered the hoods we had on the submarine for emergency escape. The hoods allowed submerged sailors to reach the surface, so I tried to make an air bubble. Luckily, it worked! We can use the powers of the stones when we need to, but why we can is the mystery. Take, for example, the different battles we have fought. Aidan generated fearsome power from his sapphire. Maggie cast protective spells, and you attacked our enemies, Nana. The stones seem to react to our thoughts and translate them into spells. That’s the best explanation I can come up with for now,” Beebop replied. “They work best when we are in danger or fighting. If we practice, we can learn to control them better.”
Findecano chimed in and said, “Beebop, what you say sounds correct. The aquamarine gem is the stone of sailors and is supposed to protect them against drowning. Your powers may exist because the stones you wear around your necks are your birthstones. They connect to your mind. We elves can tap into the power of the stones using spells and the magic inherent in us. No elf can control and focus the power of stones as you do. It is most extraordinary.”
“Maggie, if you are up to it, why did you ride the horse? You must have known what it was,” Nana asked gently.
“I don’t know, Nana. When I saw the horse, it was pretty, and wanted me to ride. Parker, my cousin rides horses, so I thought I could, too. I never even considered it might have been the kelpie,” Maggie answered quietly.
“I wondered why I didn’t see the horse,” Beebop said. “The kelpie must use magic to keep its presence undetectable from anyone who isn’t lured to ride it.”
“Not trying to change the subject, but how long until we reach the barrier?” Alatariel asked.
“It is another half day of hiking, assuming we take a break to eat a meal and rest. If not, less than that. We will reach it well before dark at our current pace. Have your sisters detected any pursuit?” Findecano asked.
“They have not alerted me to any, so I say no. I fear, though, as we approach the barrier point that may change. That was why I asked about time. As we get closer, I will send my sisters out ahead of us to make sure no traps await us.”
Beebop nodded and said, “Thank you.”
As they hiked, the group lapsed into silence. Beebop and his family dreamed of home and the elves concentrated on keeping them safe until they got them there. The rest of the afternoon passed rapidly as they neared the barrier point. Alatariel sent his sisters out ahead of the group. The rest of the group paused in the shelter of a huge oak while they waited for the sisters to return.
Beebop handed out bottles of water to everyone and said, “This may be my last chance to say thank you, Findecano and Alatariel. I wish Lotheth and Luthien were with us, as I want to thank them, too. We could not have survived here without you and I have no way to show our appreciation for what you have done. I can only say thank you from the bottom of my heart.”
The elves only nodded, unfamiliar emotions bubbling up at his words. A shout from Lotheth shattered the moment as she and Luthien returned from scouting the area.
“We found no one near the barrier and we can pass.”
The humans looked both relieved and sad at the same time as they realized their time in Celahir was ending. Beebop hugged each of the sisters and shook hands with the two male elves. He then took Nana by the hand.
“Let’s go home!”  Beebop declared. The group gathered up their packs and headed toward the barrier.
The barrier, like the one they used to cross into Celahir, was in a small cave. All eight of the companions crowded into the cave as they planned to go with the humans back to their home to make sure everything was well. Findecano chanted the spell and the rear wall of the cave shimmered and became translucent. At his nod, they crossed the barrier and stood once again in the human world. Findecano stopped chanting and the wall behind them solidified. Findecano led the way out of the cave and into the sunlight. The humans took a deep breath and found themselves in the forest where the escape from Enelya, Elerosse, and the orcs happened. Beebop’s truck, parked right where they left it, made for an easy ride home. Beebop fished his keys from his pocket and told everyone to find a seat. The elves sat in the bed of the truck with Aidan and Maggie while Nana rode up front with Beebop. It was a short trip to the house, and Nana cried as their home came into view. She sighed and said, “I’m glad to be home.”
They climbed out of the truck, and Beebop saw the looks of wonder and amazement on the scouts’ faces. Findecano looked like someone used to riding in a truck. Beebop thought it was a show for the others. Deep down, Findecano was the proverbial kid in a candy store about riding in the truck. He smiled and motioned for them to come into the house. The scouts were tentative, but Findecano, who had spent time in the house, walked eagerly through the door. The rest of the party followed him, the humans laughing and smiling at the reticence of the scouts. They sat in the living room. Nana, ever the gracious host, went into the kitchen to prepare tea. She hadn’t realized how much she missed the simple treat. Nana was happy to be home where she could have tea whenever she wanted. She asked Aidan and Maggie to help her hand out the glasses. Once she served everyone, Nana sat with the group and they chatted, reviewing the events of their time in Celahir. Though their time there was short, the experiences and memories would last a lifetime.
 As they talked, Beebop pondered Findecano’s quest, and wondered what he could do to help. He went to the office and booted up the computer. Alatariel wandered in behind him, fascinated by the machine. Beebop logged on, selected a search engine, and typed in “kelpie”. The search returned millions of hits, so he narrowed the search to “defeating a kelpie”. The refined search returned over three hundred thousand hits, but most were for video or computer games. He found references on defeating the beast that stemmed from ancient Gaelic legends. Beebop researched the magical properties of gemstones, too. Most of the information was from New-Age websites that dealt with pagan or Wiccan rituals. He refined the search terms and found information on the properties and alleged magical abilities inherent in gemstones. The topic fascinated Beebop, and he wanted to stay in the office reading the information. Instead, he returned to the living room to sit with his family and friends. Alatariel was quiet during the research and Beebop forgot he was standing there. Beebop looked at his puzzled and fascinated face and chuckled to himself, remembering the Arthur C. Clarke quote about any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. Here it was true. He printed the pages, motioned for Alatariel to follow him, and took the pages into the living room where the rest of the group was sitting and chatting.
He handed the pages to Findecano and said, “I don’t know if this will help you, but here is information on the kelpie. Maybe it can help you defeat the beast. I included information on the legendary powers of gemstones. It doesn’t tell how to use the powers, but it still may help in your quest. I’m sorry I can’t give you any other help.”
“This is a precious gift you give me. When added to the great sacrifice you and your family made helping me, I am unworthy. I thank you for the help.”
“Alatariel, I racked my brain trying to think of ways to thank you for what you did for us. Unfortunately, I can’t think of anything,” Beebop said.
“You owe me nothing. I owe you everything. You saved me and both of my sisters, so we have a debt to you,” Alatariel replied.
“Then, will you go with Findecano on his quest. He will need all the help he can get.”
Alatariel smiled and said, “We discussed this and agreed that my sisters and I are going. Besides, we cannot return to Elessar Melwasul. We may be of the most help to the elves by helping Findecano recover and restore the missing gemstones to the Elven Bow.”
As the daylight faded, they realized the time for them to say their farewells had arrived.
They rose to say goodbye, and the humans escorted the elves into the kitchen. As they were exchanging handshakes and hugs, the kitchen door exploded inward and they ducked the flying debris. Stunned from the blast, they found Naesse standing in the ruined doorway, flanked by Enelya and Elerosse. Before any of them moved, Naesse uttered a spell and the red thrall enveloped them once again. He entered the room, walked through the red thrall, went to Maggie and removed her quartz from her pocket and her ruby from around her neck. Naesse walked back to the doorway and motioned for others to enter. Enelya and Elerosse, accompanied by orcs and Artanis, entered the room. Naesse walked over to Beebop and placed his face next to his.
“You escaped me once before and almost killed me. Tonight I shall return the favor, except I will kill you. You are too powerful and I cannot understand your control over gemstones. You could interfere with my plans that took years to plan and come to fruition. I will not allow humans to ruin everything. Artanis, you kill the elves and I will handle the humans.”
Beebop couldn’t tell who the statement shocked more - Artanis or Alatariel.
Artanis protested, “I agreed to help you further your plans, but I did not agree to kill my friends. That, I cannot do.”
Naesse whirled around, anger blazing in his eyes. “You chose to serve me, instead of remaining an innocent in this battle. Either you will kill the elves or I will kill you after I kill them. Watching your friends die is not something I believe you want to see. I will be less merciful. Either way they will be dead. It is your choice whether to join them.”
Artanis looked at the floor and made no comment. “Very well,” Naesse said, “You made your choice. Enelya, Elerosse, take care of the humans and the elves – including Artanis.”
Enelya and Elerosse each wore a grim, very unpleasant smile and chanted a deep, evil-sounding song. Their throats strained at the effort required to utter the death spell. The thrall swirled and deepened in color. It became harder and harder for the captives to breathe. Unexpectedly, the thrall broke for a moment and Beebop saw Artanis attack Elerosse and Enelya. He had no weapons, but Artanis fought them with his bare hands. Engrossed in the spell, the Drow stood defenseless against his attacks. The spell lessened its hold on the captives, and each of them struggled against it. Beebop saw Aidan throw a protective arm around his sister and he moved next to Nana and held her hand. Naesse saw Artanis’ attack, pointed his finger at the elf, and uttered a few Elvish words. A bolt of pure power blasted Artanis, lifted him off the floor, and threw him clear of the Drow. He hit the wall hard and crumpled to the floor. Enelya and Elerosse quickly recovered from the attack and resumed their chant. As the thrall thickened and swirled again, Beebop felt like he was trying to breathe in water. Just as he was going to pass out, he looked over at Nana and mouthed, “I love you.” He turned his head to find Aidan and Maggie, but before he located them in the swirling red fog, his world turned black.





Chapter 9
 
 
 
Beebop struggled to open his eyes. He didn’t know where he was, but figured he must be dead, since his eyes didn’t open and ears didn’t work. Beebop shook his head and tried to move his arms to no avail. Finally, he lay back, exhausted by his efforts, resigned to discovering his fate on Fate’s schedule. 
Gradually, though, he sensed a presence near him. Through sheer force of will, Beebop moved his arm until it encountered another arm. He moved his hand on the other arm until it ended in a hand. Beebop’s fingers locked with those on the newly discovered hand and he tried once again to open his eyes. This time he succeeded, and he found he was lying in a stand of tall trees with the sound of a river flowing nearby. He turned his head and found he was holding Nana’s hand. She was still unconscious, but breathing. Beebop struggled to sit up, relieved that he and Nana were alive, but worried about Aidan and Maggie. He saw them, stretched out on the grass, unconscious, too, but, like Nana, breathing. The elves were with them – Alatariel was stirring but the others were still unconscious. Beebop rested for another minute and then got to his feet, legs shaking. He shook Nana and waited until her blue eyes opened. Nana sat up groggily and then struggled to her feet.
“Where are Aidan and Maggie?” she cried frantically.
Beebop hugged and calmed her and said, “They’re right over there. Let’s go check on them together.”
She nodded at him, tears in her eyes as they walked to the two children. They leaned over and shook them. Aidan, as usual, opened his eyes and was wide-awake at once. He tried to stand, but fell back at the effort. Aidan eventually got to his feet. Maggie took longer to wake up, but soon she too stood on shaky legs. By then, the elves were awake and moving around as well. They gathered in a circle and everyone tried to talk at once, trying to figure out what happened. Exasperated, Aidan waved his hands and shouted until they quieted and looked at him.
“I did it,” Aidan explained. “The last thing I remember was the red thrall surrounding us and struggling to breathe. I wanted to escape, and I remembered where Beebop and Maggie almost drowned. I reached out with my mind and found this place, and I pictured everyone, and then imagined us here. It worked, since we are here now. I teleported us!” Aidan said excitedly.
“What happened to Artanis? Were you unable to bring him?” Alatariel asked in a quiet, pained voice.
“Naesse struck him with a bolt of power after he attacked Elerosse and Enelya. Artanis crashed against the wall, but I don’t know what happened after that. Everything went black,” Beebop said.
“When we teleported, I tried to reach his mind, too, but I couldn’t. Maybe it was because he wasn’t here with us or maybe...” Aidan’s voice trailed away.
Alatariel looked pained for a moment, and then said, “He betrayed us and then he tried to save us. If he is dead, I will grieve for him. If he is not, then I hope our paths do not cross again. I do not know why he did what he did – in either instance – but he tried to help. Perhaps he did not entirely forget himself.”
Beebop looked at the somber group and tried to lighten the mood. He grinned and said, “Well, here we are back at this quest. We are as unprepared as possible, without even my backpack. We’ll figure this out so we can go home. Naesse has shown he will track us wherever we go although I doubt he has any idea where we are now. Unless he is smarter than he has shown so far, Naesse will not suspect we returned to the place where two of us nearly died. Findecano, do you have the papers I gave you before Naesse attacked?”
Findecano had grabbed his pack as he arose from the couch to take his leave at Beebop’s house, so he had it when Aidan teleported them. He reached into the pack and handed Beebop the sheaf of pages he printed from the computer.
“In order for us to get home and stay there without fear of another attack, we have to recover the missing gems and restore them to the Elven Bow. So, let’s figure out a plan to capture and control the kelpie and recover the Carnelian,” Beebop said.
Findecano and the humans found comfortable rocks on which to sit and read the pages Findecano saved. While they did the research, Alatariel, Lotheth, and Luthien built a campsite. They gathered firewood, found mimusops, and collected a spongy fibrous plant they peeled and wove together to create hammocks. The elves strung the hammocks between trees until they created enough beds for each party member. The scouts went to the river, caught and cleaned fish, and brought them back to the camp for dinner. By the time they finished the tasks, the rest of the group had the beginnings of a plan for capturing the kelpie. Findecano outlined the plan as they sat around a small fire Luthien had built for both warmth and cooking.
“From what I gather from the information you provided, Beebop, the best thing to do is avoid the kelpie. But, the kelpie holds the Carnelian, the gemstone for courage. I now see why our people did not rebel against Naesse and the Elven Council. The elves are robbed of their courage, and the kelpie will continue to grow stronger and more courageous the longer it holds the stone.”
“So, how will we retrieve the stone?” Lotheth inquired.
“The plan is to attract the kelpie to the shore using roasted meat,” Findecano answered. “We will spend a couple of days gathering what we need in the surrounding forest and build our trap. When we have the supplies we need, we will lure the kelpie from the Ecthelion and capture the beast. If necessary, we will kill it, but we hope to corral it. While we search for the items we need, we will continue to evaluate the plan and make changes as necessary. The accuracy of the information we rely on is unknown and adds an element of risk in whatever plan we choose. Our preparations can wait until after we eat and rest.”
The companions then fell silent as they ate the veritable feast the scouts prepared. Nana was glad to see Aidan and Maggie eat fish and she decided to make them eat more once - and whenever - they got home. After they finished eating, cleaned up the campsite, and washed off in the river - under the watchful eye of the scouts, in case the kelpie showed up again - they climbed wearily into the hammocks and fell fast asleep. Luthien took the first shift, watched over the group until Alatariel awoke a few hours later, and relieved her to rest.
The night passed by too rapidly for the tired group, but they awoke at first light. They had a quick meal of mimusops and cold fresh water and immediately felt better and more refreshed. Findecano, Beebop, Aidan, and Maggie went into the forest to gather items for the plan while Nana and the scouts remained at the campsite. Nana was too tired to wander in the forest and she wanted to know more of the elves and Naesse. She sat with the three scouts and asked them to tell her about the elven culture and history. Alatariel, a natural storyteller, happily obliged.
“Findecano has told you something of the elves, but I will tell what I know. Please stop me if he told this part of our history,” Alatariel cleared his throat and settled back to speak. “The elves are an ancient race of beings, far older than humans. The legends say the elves were one of the first races and just below the gods themselves. Whether the story is true, I do not know, but we have always used magic and are the greatest of craftsmen. Our woodsmithing and metalsmithing are without equal, and we are said to have forged Thor’s Hammer. Whether that legend is true, again, I do not know, but having seen the Elven Bow and hearing tales of the beauty of the Elven Sword, I can believe it. Besides our obvious skills in smithing, we are - at least the Light Elves are - a happy, boisterous people. We love to laugh and dance and an elven celebration is a remarkable sight. Once, we celebrated Midsummer, and the celebration went on for two weeks straight. The traders from other races - gnomes, faeries, brownies, and sprites to name but a few - enjoyed the celebration as much as the elves did. They traded for more jewels, bows, and arrows for next to nothing in return due mostly to the large amount of wine that flowed from the elven bottles. The elves love a celebration. After the real gemstones disappeared, the joy and happiness slowly declined in Elessar Melwasul and, as the center of the Light Elf world, it affected all Light Elves. Joy is harder and harder to find and I find myself with thoughts that are not pleasant.”
“You and Findecano often refer to elven magic. Except for a few spells – like catching the fish, Findecano opening the barrier between our worlds, and the Drow’s spells - we have seen little magic. Can you tell me more about elves and magic?” Nana asked.
“That is a difficult question. Light Elves do not wield magic as in your legends. Elven magic is more practical most of the time. The spell to charm fish, for instance, developed out of necessity. To feed our families, we needed large amounts of fish and meat. Elves do not take well to farming, so we rely on ample supplies of meat and fish for our consumption and that we can trade for the vegetables we eat. Magic evolved to help us meet those needs. For instance, I can speak to an arrow and tell it where to strike. Spells mask our scents while we hunt to allow us to creep near our prey. We use spells to help us find food like mimusops. As you see, these are practical uses of magic. Elves use magic for other purposes, though, when the situation dictates. If we have the proper spell, we use magic to cross the barrier. If widespread protection is called for, or warfare requires it, we have elven mages to work the magic. A mage is much more adept at using magic for those purposes than other elves; although given the proper training, any elf could do it. Most of us receive rudimentary magic training in case we need simple spells for protection. Gemstones play a part in our abilities. The gemstones amplify our spells to make them more effective. Apparently, it works for you in the same way.”
“You said the elves trade meat for vegetables. I haven’t seen other people besides elves and no farms. Who trades with the elves?”
“Human settlements near the various forests provide most of our vegetables. The gnomes are excellent farmers and often hide their crops using their own brand of magic, and we trade with them, too. Their magic keeps animals from eating the crops,” Alatariel explained.
“Do you have any idea why we can tap into the powers of the gemstones?” Nana asked.
“I wish I did. If we knew the answer, maybe we could use those powers to hasten our quest and restore balance to the world.”
Nana changed topics and asked, “What other changes have occurred, given the four gemstones are missing? The emerald was for healing, the ruby for love, and the amethyst for happiness. You told me of the joy leaving the elves, and Findecano lamented the lack of courage due to the carnelian missing. Has there been an increase in illness or disease?”
Alatariel looked thoughtful and said, “We have more illness than usual. Elves rarely suffer sickness or disease. What we have seen is particularly difficult to cure. The children, especially, suffer much more than they ever have. Are you saying the missing gems cause this?”
“I have nothing to compare it against, but I imagine it must be at least part of the story,” Nana replied. “But, what else can you tell me about the elves? For instance, Findecano told us his father reared him after his mother died. How is it usually done?”
“Normally, the children live with the mother, although the father helps with the instruction and care of the child. It was unusual for Findecano’s father to rear him alone, but since his mother was dead, it was the only way. His father’s parents might have helped, but they are dead. There was no one else. We elves are possessive of our immediate family. My parents are dead, so I care for my sisters. They are both able to take care of themselves, but I follow the elven way.”
“That is fascinating. Please tell me more,” Nana said. Alatariel smiled and launched into the history of the elves.
While Alatariel told the history of the elves, Findecano and the others hunted the forest for the things they needed to capture the kelpie. The first task was to find a nearby farm with sheep, and barter, trade, or even steal a sheep - if required. Given they had little with which to barter; trade was out of the question. They wandered through the forest, Aidan and Maggie skipping ahead of them. 
“If the papers you gave me are correct, we can lure the kelpie from the water with roasted meat, preferably lamb. Here, though, the information diverges. A few of the references say to kill the beast by stabbing it with red-hot swords. Others say to capture the monster by removing its bridle and replacing it with a regular horse bridle. If we can replace the bridle, the kelpie will do our bidding. I find that option more palatable than killing the beast and trying to find the Carnelian,” Findecano said.
“I agree,” Beebop said. “But, where will we find a horse bridle and a lamb?”
“Nearby is a small farm where we may find what we seek. The farmer does not take kindly to elves, and he is cantankerous. I hope you and your grandchildren may persuade him to help.”
Beebop gave Findecano a curious look, sure there was more to the story, but the elf didn’t elaborate, despite Beebop’s pleas. After a few minutes, Findecano called Aidan and Maggie to rejoin them and he led the way to a clearing at the edge of the forest. In the middle of the clearing was a quaint dwelling that looked suspiciously like a fairy tale house. Beebop was half-expecting seven dwarves to come out whistling ‘Hi-Ho, Hi-Ho’ at their approach. What came out was far different from happy dwarves though. As the foursome neared the gate of the short fence encircling the house, the front door opened. A small, wizened person stepped out on the porch, suspicion etched across his face. He screwed up his face even more when he recognized Findecano.
“I know you, Findecano Saralonde. You are not welcome at my home or anywhere near me,” The deep voice that boomed out of the small figure surprised the humans. “Now get out of my sight before I turn my dogs loose on you.”
As if to reinforce the threat, two dogs came around the house and sat on their haunches, snarling and growling at them. The dogs were big ugly beasts, black as night, slobber dripping from their jaws, and big, sharp teeth showing with each snarl. Aidan and Maggie retreated behind Beebop, who stood, rather uncertainly, next to Findecano.
“Greetings, Keeper,” Findecano said cheerfully. “It has been a long time since last we met. I hope life is treating you well.”
“Do not attempt to talk your way past me, you rascally elf. I have not forgotten what you did the last time you visited.”
“Keeper, I brought friends with me and we are need your help. We did not part on the best of terms the last time, but I hope we can let our past be forgotten.”
“I have no use for you or your human friends. Now leave or I will free the dogs,” Keeper replied testily.
Aidan suddenly stepped from behind Beebop and said, “Why are you being so mean? We need help and you should give it to us if you can. We helped Findecano.”  Beebop tried to shush him, but he continued, “I don’t care what Findecano did and why you are still mad, you are just being mean.”
Keeper stood still, shocked at Aidan’s outburst. He stared at them for a moment, looked at the dogs, and said something unintelligible to them. The dogs charged, jaws open, growls and barks coming from their gaping maws. The humans, except Aidan, cringed against the coming attack. Aidan stood his ground, mouth dry and heart pounding, but outwardly unconcerned at the dogs’ approach. Findecano stood firm, too, unmoving as the dogs came nearer. Aidan, instead of moving away, stared at the dogs and took a few steps toward them. The dogs halted in front of him, uncertain what to do with the fearless human. Aidan continued to stare at them and then uttered a sharp, “Sit!” The dogs sat and looked expectantly at Aidan, Keeper forgotten.
“Roll over!” Aidan said. The dogs rolled over on their backs and Aidan walked forward and scratched them on their bellies. The two dogs rolled around like puppies until the Keeper whistled and called them. They leaped up and trotted back toward the quaint house, tails wagging. Keeper gave the dogs a look of disgust and sent them back around the house.
He glowered at the group and said gruffly, “Well, do not stand there gawking at me. Come in the house.”
Without waiting to see if they obeyed his command, he opened the door and went inside, leaving the door ajar.
Findecano looked at the humans and said, “Shall we?” He gestured toward the house and he and Maggie walked toward the open door.
Beebop went over to Aidan, put his arm across Aidan’s shoulder, and demanded, “What in the world were you doing? The dogs could have eaten you and the rest of us alive.”
“Hey, I just remembered something I saw on a television show about training dogs and how to confront snarling dogs. The show said to stand still, stare at the dogs, and show them who is in charge. Once they knew who was in charge, I walked toward them and give them sharp commands,” Aidan replied.
“Aidan, that was for training your own dog. With an unfriendly dog, the trainer said to stand still, look at the ground, and back away. You aren’t supposed to challenge the dog. The dog might attack,” Beebop answered.
Aidan looked unsettled at Beebop’s answer, and the color drained from his face as he thought of the risk he took. Aidan let out a huge sigh and leaned against Beebop as though exhausted. Beebop let his arm slip away from Aidan’s shoulders and led him toward the house, following Maggie and Findecano.
The foursome entered the house through a small front door. Beebop and Findecano had to stoop to get through the opening, but once inside they found the ceiling was high enough to stand without bumping their heads. The two children fit inside much better. Keeper lit oil lamps, the interior brightened, and they got their first good look at him. He was old and wrinkled, with a long white beard, twinkling deep-set eyes that shone a deep blue in the lamp light. Keeper stood an inch or two over four feet tall, shorter than Maggie, and maybe a foot shorter than Aidan stood. Keeper stared back at his visitors for a long moment before speaking in his unusually deep voice.
“How did you stop my dogs?” Keeper asked, looking at Aidan with piercing blue eyes.
“Just a dog training trick I learned from watching TV… television, sir,” Aidan said in a quavering voice.
“What is television? What trick is this? I am unfamiliar with television. Findecano, what manner of humans did you bring to my home and our world? Do they mean harm to Celahir?”
“Keeper, I never do harm on purpose. These humans have fought many times since they arrived in Celahir, saved my life, and the lives of three elven scouts. Surely you know what occurred and that my friends are not dangerous to you or our world.”
“I am aware of the events to which you refer. The humans are new to me, and you, absent for so long, are a mystery. Be patient with an old one and tell me everything since they arrived and how you and they became acquainted.”
Findecano sighed and replied, “Keeper, we have much to do and need your help, but we do not have time to relate everything that has occurred since they arrived. We have pressing business.”
Keeper gave him a harsh stare, small eyes lost in the wrinkles, and then said, “If you do not tell me, I do not help you, and that delays your purpose even longer.”
Findecano smiled in genuine humor and said, “Very well, Keeper.”
Findecano turned to Beebop and the children and said, “You will find refreshments in the pantry by the wood stove. Please help yourselves while I satisfy Keeper’s curiosity.”
He then turned back to the Keeper and recounted the tale.
Findecano told the story of the gemstones stolen from the Elven Bow, his imprisonment in the fairy cross, and his adventures with the humans. If Findecano’s report surprised Keeper, he didn’t show it, even when Findecano revealed the details of the missing Elven Bow gemstones or when told of Naesse’s involvement. The ability of the humans to channel power from the gemstones did surprise the elderly creature though. Keeper questioned Findecano sharply about Maggie’s gems taken by Naesse when he trapped them by the red thrall in the human world and the red thrall, in general. He focused on the minute details of their encounters with the Drow and the kelpie and their other battles in both Celahir and the human world. Keeper was extremely interested in the teleportation Aidan performed and questioned him intently on his use of magic. After Aidan answered Keeper’s queries, Keeper dismissed him, and moved on to other questions. 
After listening for a while, the children got bored and explored the small house. It didn’t take long to go through each room, but they found it filled with odd objects Keeper collected. The collection included bits of bone, and whole skeletons of animals that defied description. The siblings found spell books whose writing faded and disappeared when they opened the covers, crucibles filled with unknown ingredients, and maps of Celahir. Celahir, Aidan discovered, had the same continental shapes as their own world. The map showed most of Celahir covered with forests. A few settlements dotted the map and showed the Northern Forest and its counterparts at each point of the compass. Large areas of darkness dominated parts of the map, and Aidan assumed the Drow controlled those places. He shivered at the thought. The map showed roads, but they were rare, so travel wouldn’t be as easy as it was in the human world.
While Aidan studied the map, Maggie wandered around and stumbled upon a ferret sleeping in a corner and it startled a small scream from her. The scream woke the ferret who scurried under a cupboard and peered out at the humans.
Keeper, annoyed at the interruption, barked, “Can you please be quiet? I am trying to learn something here and I do not need the noise to distract me. Lucy, come here.”
Hearing its name, the ferret sneaked out from under the cupboard, and, avoiding the humans, scampered over to Keeper. The ferret climbed into Keeper’s lap and kept peering at the humans, especially Maggie. Maggie’s scream drew Aidan away from the map. Now that the excitement was over, though, the children, absolutely bored, took a nap on the large sofa that filled large part of one room. Beebop wished to join them, but he had to pay attention to what Findecano and Keeper discussed. He sighed to himself, thinking how long the day was going to be.
Despite his best efforts, Beebop found that he, too, dozed off when he nearly fell out of his chair. He jerked awake and glanced around the room. Aidan and Maggie still slept on the sofa and Findecano and Keeper were still talking. Beebop stood up, stretched, and checked on the children. To his surprise, Lucy, the ferret, slept on Maggie’s chest. As he leaned over to kiss Maggie’s forehead, Lucy awoke and watched his movements carefully, as if ready to protect Maggie. When Beebop stood, Lucy laid her head down again and went to sleep.
He shook his head and walked over to the elf and Keeper. Thankfully, the two wrapped up their discussions. Beebop sat in his chair to hear the results.
Back at the camp, Nana finished hearing the history of the elves. She had filed in her mind a few details she wanted to tell Beebop, but mostly she enjoyed the stories Alatariel told. As an avid amateur genealogist, she appreciated history and its effect on families. Alatariel gave her a lot of information, but she worried about her family.
“Where are Findecano and my family? Do you have any idea when they will return?”
“If my guess is correct, they journeyed to see Keeper. Keeper’s home is nearby, but they might be there a long time. I expect they will return today, but it may be late. Keeper can be difficult,” Alatariel replied with a grimace.
“Who is Keeper?” Nana asked.
“Another difficult question. Keeper is a legend, but he allows only a few visitors. He lives in a clearing deep in the forest where he has a small farm. Keeper is not an elf, nor part of any other race in Celahir, including humans. He has lived longer than any other being in Celahir, and some say he has been alive since time began. I met him once and was in awe of his knowledge. Keeper has knowledge spanning millennia and recalls it from memory. He lives alone, save for his ferret and a pair of ill-tempered dogs. That is what I can tell you of him. If anyone can help us in our quest to capture the kelpie, Keeper is the one.”
“What causes him to be so difficult?”
“Again, you ask is a hard question. Keeper has little patience with most others. Is it because he has lived his life alone with only his animals to keep him company? He has little contact with others who can talk to him. As I mentioned, he has two big mean dogs that protect him, but I suspect he does not need them for protection. I have always believed Keeper could take care of himself though I cannot say why. He is a small, frail being, yet no person or creature has ever threatened him.”
Nana realized that listening to the elf the entire day and worrying about Beebop and the children exhausted her, and she yawned.
“I apologize for yawning. Thanks for telling me what you have today. Keeper is fascinating, but even with everything you told me, I still know nothing about him. You told me everything, and you don’t understand him either. Thank you for taking time to educate me on the elves. I know you had other things to do. Now, if you don’t need me, I will take a nap while we wait for the others to return.”
Nana found a comfortable place to settle down and within a few minutes was asleep. Alatariel went out to find his sisters.
Nana woke up just as it was getting dark. The scouts started a fire and collected food for supper. Without knowing when Beebop and his companions might return, they hadn’t cooked yet. The evening was chilly, so they edged closer to the fire for warmth. The elves spoke among themselves in the Elvish tongue and, although she understood none of it, the language was beautiful. It had a flowing musicality to it that lulled her into a dreamlike state. Nana, entranced by the sound, didn’t even realize Beebop and the children had returned until he touched her on the arm. His touch startled her, and she screamed.
“Don’t scare me like that!”
Beebop chuckled softly, kissed, and hugged her. After a moment, she returned the hug and asked, “Well, did you learn anything at Keeper’s? Where are my babies?”
“Right here, Nana,” Aidan said.
“I have a new friend, too,” Maggie added. “See?” She walked into the firelight and Nana saw she carried a ferret.
“This is Lucy. Keeper let her come with me.”
Nana looked at Beebop, who nodded and said, “Keeper did let Lucy come with her. Maggie didn’t ask for it. Lucy surprised Keeper she curled up on Maggie’s chest while she was sleeping. Aidan, though, surprised Keeper the most with how he handled his dogs.” Nana looked at him curiously and Beebop said, “It was an interesting day. I’ll tell you while we eat. Then, we need to discuss what we will do with the kelpie. Alatariel, are we ready to eat? We are hungry after our long hike today.”
Alatariel grinned and replied, “The food is ready. I am sorry we have fish and mimusops again, but that is the most palatable food for humans in Celahir. We could go hunting and kill a deer, a boar, or a wild sheep to have variety.”
They laughed and sat to enjoy the food. While they ate, Beebop told how Aidan had stared down Keeper’s dogs and made them behave like puppies. Aidan’s mastery of Keeper’s dogs astonished the elves and they looked at Aidan with a newfound respect that transcended even their earlier respect for his magical abilities. Beebop told how Maggie scared Lucy, and how the ferret curled up with Maggie and slept on her chest. He told them of Keeper’s many collectibles, including the creepy skeletons. Aidan told them of the map that showed just how big the realm of Celahir was and how it was similar to the map of their world. Beebop painted a picture of the quaint little house that looked like it came out of a fairy tale.
“The most incredible thing was Keeper’s knowledge. He recalled events that happened thousands of years ago. Of course, he could have made everything up and I couldn’t dispute it because I don’t have the historical background of Celahir to argue with him. I took it on faith he was truthful. We talked for hours. Keeper confirmed most of our information on the kelpie and our plans to capture the beast. He provided us with a regular bridle, in case we are successful in capturing it. He couldn’t give us a sheep to roast, so we have to hunt wild sheep tomorrow. We have everything else we need right here in the surrounding forest.”
“What exactly are we doing with the kelpie? More importantly, once we capture the thing, how are we going to retrieve the gemstone?” Nana asked.
“Well,” Findecano answered. “If we can lure the creature from the river and capture it, then we can bargain its freedom for the gemstone. If not, then we will have to figure out another way.”
“But,” Nana persisted. “How are we going to capture it?  I understand luring it from the river, but once the kelpie is out, how do we keep it out?”
“We still have to figure that out,” Beebop admitted. “Keeper gave us a few ideas that might work, so we have things to find while we search for sheep. We have ideas of our own, too, so we will make it happen.”
Nana, who had experience with Beebop’s ideas - many of which didn’t always turn out as planned - kept quiet about the less-than-successful endeavors.
Instead, she looked at the children and said, “Aidan and Maggie, if you are finished eating, you need to get in the bed and rest. The next few days will be long, so we need to rest and be ready to tackle them.”
“Can I sleep with Lucy? She might get scared if she has to sleep out in the forest alone,” Maggie asked. “Lucy isn’t used to sleeping outside, you know. Keeper told me she has always slept in his house.”
“Yes, Lucy can sleep on your hammock with you. Now let’s get some sleep so we can get busy tomorrow.”
The group retired to their hammocks leaving one scout awake on watch. It didn’t take long before the humans were asleep and the elves in their resting trances. Lucy curled up next to Maggie and slept, too.
Morning woke the group with bright lances of sunlight coming through the gaps in the trees. They rolled out of the hammocks, went to the river and washed, and drank a little water. After cleaning up and having a quick bite to eat - mimusops again - Beebop got the group together and laid out the plan for the day. Findecano, Beebop, and Luthien would hunt for the sheep while the others would stay at the campsite and work on the trap for the kelpie. Beebop and Findecano shared their plans for a cage sturdy enough to hold the beast, but light enough they could hoist it into the air. Constructing the cage distressed Alatariel, but he nodded his head in agreement. Nana wanted to ask what disturbed him, but Beebop was eager to get going and return, so she held her tongue, too. Nana suspected Alatariel wanted to hunt the sheep instead of working on the cage. Once they had their assignments, Findecano filled his pack with mimusops for their trip. He grabbed the staff Keeper had given him when they departed his house the previous day. 
Beebop received a staff and a dagger from Keeper, too. The dagger sported a bejeweled pommel and runes covered the grip. Keeper gave Aidan a staff carved with curious runes and symbols like Beebop’s knife grip. Findecano couldn’t decipher the symbols on either weapon. When they asked Keeper to explain the markings, he laughed and said they would find uses for themselves. Beebop told Nana that Keeper not only let Lucy come with Maggie, he also replaced her ruby and quartz crystal. They accepted the gifts graciously and Beebop promptly forgot the dagger until Luthien handed it to him and he stuck it absently into his belt.
“You look like a pirate now, Beebop,” Nana said with a laugh. “With your beard growing out, too, I’ll have start call you Whitebeard.”
“Arrrgh mateys, let’s buckle our swashes and go find us a kelpie!” Beebop answered in his best pirate voice.
Aidan looked at Maggie and said, “I’m so glad none of our friends were here to see that!” 
Maggie nodded as Beebop gave them a quick hug, kissed Nana, and headed out of the campsite following the two elves. Once the trio had departed, Nana got the two children, and, along with Alatariel and Lotheth, they went into the forest to find the plants they needed to build the cage. It promised to be a long day.
They gathered loads and loads of the plants they needed, taking back armloads to the campsite and dumping them into two large piles. In one pile was a fibrous plant to bind the cage together. The second pile was a stack of long straight bamboo-like poles. The poles were flexible, but very strong and satisfied Alatariel they would be enough to contain the kelpie. It seemed they made a hundred trips, each carrying armfuls of the plants. By midafternoon, they gathered enough and stopped the treks into the woods. Nana and the others sat on rocks or tree trunks to strip the fibers from the plants. Once they stripped the outer covering from the fibrous plants, a pungent, unpleasant odor emanated from the plants. Nana gagged and threw the plants away from her. She looked over at the elves and they were laughing among themselves.
Nana glared at them and asked indignantly, “What’s so funny and what is that horrible, awful smell?”
“I beg your pardon, Nana. These plants are skunkweed. The elves named them that for obvious reasons. Strip off the outer plant and the odor starts. My sister and I thought it might be amusing to see human reactions when they discover skunkweed for the first time. Please accept our apologies. Apply a touch of this tree sap under your nose and it will mask the odor. After we finish, we will wash in the river using the same tree sap and it will cleanse the stench from us.”
Nana was a good sport and loved a good joke, so she didn’t hold the prank against the elves. She accepted the sap, put a small dab beneath each nostril, and then applied dabs to Aidan and Maggie. The smell instantly disappeared.
“Thanks for the sap. It really helps!” Nana said. Odor gone, she, Aidan, and Maggie pitched in and stripped the fibers. Once they had a large pile of the fibers, the elves braided the fibers into thin ropes. The ropes were thin but extremely strong.
Ropes completed, Aidan and the two elves lashed poles together into a circular cage. Openings between the poles were too small for a human to squeeze through, must less a horse-sized creature. Standing over twelve feet tall, there was little danger the beast could leap over the cage. The construction went quickly and by early evening, they finished the cage. It looked like a huge birdcage without a top or a bottom. The final touch was to weave a net across the open top so even if the kelpie could leap the cage sides, it still couldn’t escape. The cage weighed a ton – and that was before Beebop attached the stones to the bottom tomorrow. Nana didn’t understand how they would get it in place, but rigging it up wasn’t their problem. Their job was to build it to plan. Beebop and Findecano had to move the cage and get it ready to use. Tasks finished, they went to the river and washed using more of the tree sap to rid them of the aroma of the skunkweed. The tree sap wasn’t sticky, surprising Nana, and worked like a mild soap.  The sap rinsed away, taking the odor with it. Refreshed and clean, they returned to the campsite and waited for Beebop, Findecano, and Luthien. Nana wished they would get back. Being in the woods in the gathering darkness without him near was uncomfortable for her, but at least she had a fire, her grandchildren, and the elves. The grandchildren sat across from her and she saw their faces through the flames. Aidan was talking to Lotheth and Maggie was playing with Lucy. Alatariel came over and sat next to Nana.
He said, as if reading her mind, “They will be along soon. Do not worry. Beebop has Findecano and Luthien with him and their tasks are not dangerous. Besides, Beebop bears the staff and dagger Keeper gave him. I would not be surprised if the weapons had magic inherent in them.”
“I know, but things are so odd in this whole adventure I don’t know what might happen next. While I have never seen Beebop fight, I know he learned at least rudimentary self-defense in the Navy, but I can’t picture him in a knife fight. I want to keep him and my grandchildren close and be sure they are okay.”
Alatariel nodded in understanding and settled back to enjoy the fire.
While the group back at the campsite worked on their tasks, Findecano, Beebop, and Luthien strode into the forest and headed deep into the trees on their way to the foothills of the mountains. It was a half-day walk to reach the hills, but with nothing else to do or look for, they took a direct path through the forest.
“Where will we find a sheep?” Beebop inquired.
“There used to be a large herd of sheep in valleys at the foot of the mountains. We should capture at least two of the sheep and bring them back to our camp. Remember, we do not know how long it may take to lure the kelpie from the river and into our snare,” Findecano answered.
Beebop agreed, and they continued on their way.
It was early afternoon when they reached a valley.  The forest abruptly ended, and a meadow filled with sunshine and wildflowers spread out before them. The open field stretched for miles and gradually rose into the rocky hills of the mountains.
“It is said those mountains hold more riches than any elf – or man - can dream. Buried deep in these ancient hills are jewels, gold, silver, and many other minerals. Legend says that creatures beyond the worst nightmares guard the treasures. We must tread carefully and not disturb the creatures who inhabit the hills. I fear they would accept the Drow more readily than Light Elves. I will not use power and rely on Luthien’s hunting skills.”
Beebop looked around, suddenly uneasy at Findecano’s words. Luthien gave them a brief smile and told them not to worry.  Findecano smiled back at her and led the way into the meadow.
“The sheep live at the base of the mountains. These are wild sheep, so they will be shy of contact with us. Luthien should be able to sneak up on one or two.”
They trekked across the meadow and, as they neared the far end of it, Beebop saw the small shapes of wild sheep dotting the edges of the meadow and on the hillsides above it. Findecano called a halt and gestured for Luthien to go forward. She nodded and within a few moments blended into the surrounding grasses. At first, they followed her track as the grass swayed with her passage. Soon, though, they could no longer tell what movement Luthien made and what the breeze blowing the grasses made. Duly impressed with her skill, Beebop praised her abilities.
“Luthien is indeed skilled at her craft. She learned from Alatariel, who is legendary among the elves for his ability to stalk completely undetected by his prey.”
They continued to watch the sheep and soon they heard a distant bleat of alarm from one of the sheep that fell over and didn’t move again. The rest of the sheep, alerted by the bleat, moved swiftly toward the hillside. A pair of rams, whose huge horns were visible to Findecano and Beebop even from a distance, moved forward to protect the herd from the unseen threat. In a few minutes, Beebop noticed a figure traipsing toward them. Luthien appeared with a sheep draped over her shoulders, carrying the dead weight of the animal with ease. Beebop had forgotten how strong the elves were, but he still marveled at how easy it was for the slight elf to carry the weight.
Luthien laid the sheep on the ground and said, “We have to wait until the herd settles if we are to take a second sheep. I located a small stream nearby and I need water and rest in the shade before heading out again.”
She headed over to the stream, and her companions followed. Beebop shouldered the sheep, astonished at the weight of the animal. Luthien went back into the forest, stopped at the stream, and drank deeply. The others followed her example and then they rested in the cool shade. Beebop had not realized how hot it was in the meadow until he was in the shade.
They sat there, made small talk, and nibbled on mimusops until Luthien said, “I will go back and capture another sheep. Perhaps the herd has calmed now.”
She left them resting in the shade and faded into the grass again. The hunting pattern repeated itself and before long, she returned with a second sheep. Beebop and Findecano congratulated her on her skills and she accepted the praise with a slight bow and a modest smile. They let her rest and then Findecano shouldered the first sheep and Luthien the second and they trekked back to their campsite. Beebop volunteered to carry Luthien’s sheep, but she politely declined. Luthien told him she often carried animals over her shoulders for days when out on scouting missions. He turned to ask Findecano, but the elf shook his head before the words ever left Beebop’s mouth. Beebop shrugged and walked with them in companionable silence, enjoying the rugged beauty of Celahir as they marched back toward the campsite.
The return trip was uneventful and didn’t take as long as the trip to the meadow. The trio reached the campsite as the sun dipped below the horizon, drawn to the site by the glow of the campfire Alatariel had started - and greeted by a most unpleasant odor.
Beebop glanced at Findecano and asked, “What is that horrid stench?”
Findecano chuckled and said, “Skunkweed. They used it to make the ropes that hold the cage together. The ropes are almost unbreakable, but the stench is the tradeoff. Alatariel has sap to dispel the aroma.”
They entered the camp to discover Lotheth had hunted and returned with a deer, so fish was not on the menu for tonight. They sought out Alatariel for the tree sap to get rid of the skunkweed odor. With the odor covered, Beebop gave the children a hug, then hugged and kissed Nana. He sniffed the air appreciatively, surprised he could sense the roasting deer, but could not smell the skunkweed. Beebop wondered if the children would enjoy venison, but he didn’t say anything to them. Maybe if they didn’t know what they ate, they might think it was a steak. Lotheth had gathered wild onions, mushrooms, and a tuber resembling a potato called a dasheen. Lotheth prepared the dasheen by wrapping each tuber in a leaf, adding the mushrooms and onions, and roasting it over the flames. She gathered large sturdy leaves from another plant to use as plates, and she and Alatariel had carved crude forks from the hardwood trees that surrounded them. They used Beebop’s dagger as a steak knife and thoroughly enjoyed the meal. Aidan and Maggie ate the venison, surprising Beebop. The children surprised him even more when they tried and liked the dasheen. The tuber turned a nice shade of blue when cooked, and Beebop never thought Aidan or Maggie would eat it. While they ate, Beebop told his family how skillfully Luthien had tracked and then killed the two sheep, and how she and Findecano had carried the sheep on their shoulders back from the meadow. Beebop looked for the sheep, but didn’t see them, so he asked Luthien about them.
“Lotheth and I put the sheep in a cool and dry cave and the meat will not spoil as fast. We used herbs we found to cover the sheep so the smell of the meat will not attract scavengers,” Luthien replied.
“See, I was pretty much along for the ride today. I didn’t contribute to the success of our trip, but the scenery was gorgeous, the company delightful, and I enjoyed the hike,” Beebop told Nana.
 They finished eating, and Nana showed them the results of their work for the day.  The sturdiness of the cage they constructed impressed both Beebop and Findecano. The whole group, tired and sleepy, let the embers of the fire burn down and, leaving Lotheth to watch over them, turned into their hammocks. Silence, except for the sounds of the nighttime insects, descended upon the campsite and everyone slept well.
The morning came as uneventfully as the day before had gone. The sun rose, burned away a light mist rising from the river, and woke the companions. They tumbled out of the hammocks, stretched, and yawned. Maggie had Lucy perched on her shoulder and the ferret was peering out at the rest of the group from behind Maggie’s blonde hair. They gathered around the ashes of the campfire, ate breakfast, and drank water. Feeling slightly more awake, they exchanged small talk before Findecano held up his hands to quiet them and handed out assignments for the day. The majority of the work fell to Findecano, Beebop, and Alatariel. They had to get the cage into position. Luthien and Lotheth skinned and prepared the sheep for roasting. Nana, Aidan, and Maggie had the job of finding sturdy limbs, harvesting them, and making a spit for roasting the sheep. Alatariel gave Aidan a hatchet for cutting the saplings, along with a cautionary word about how sharp the hatchet was. Aidan nodded solemnly and took the hatchet.
He turned to Nana, grinned, and said, “Just like the loggers on TV! I will chop down a tree!”
Nana shook her head and replied, “You better listen to what Alatariel said. That thing can hurt you if you aren’t careful.”
“Yes, ma’am, I’ll be careful,” answered Aidan. When Nana gave him one of her looks, he repeated, “I promise I’ll be careful.”
He led the way into the surrounding woods, leaving Maggie and Nana trailing behind him. Aidan was glad to have an important task to do today instead of peeling skunkweed and braiding ropes - not that those things weren’t important, but he wanted something manly to do. Chopping down trees was as manly as it got, and he wanted to show he could carry his share of the load on the quest. Aidan slowed his gait to skirt a shallow pond and to let Nana and Maggie catch up and then ran ahead to the tree they picked out for the spit. Aidan wasn’t going to chop down a whole tree, but this one had thick limbs near the ground. He could chop them off and then notch them for the uprights of the spit. Aidan waited until Maggie and Nana reached the tree, and then he climbed the trunk and crawled out on the limb to where he would chop. There was a safer way to chop a limb off a tree, he thought, but he didn’t have a ladder. He braced his feet against an adjacent limb and started chopping. Alatariel was right about how sharp the hatchet was as it only took ten minutes to chop through the first limb. Still, Aidan was sweating profusely after the exertion of cutting the limb, so he rested before starting on the second limb. As with the first, it only took him ten minutes to lop off the limb. Finished with the first part of the task, he climbed down from the tree and sat in the shade, breathing heavily. After a few minutes of rest, he stood and sharpened one end of each of the limbs using the dagger Beebop had given to Nana to carry. He reversed the hatchet so he could use it as a hammer and drove the sharpened ends into the forest floor. Once he had pounded them securely into the ground, he cut a v-notch in each upright to hold the spit. While he worked on finishing the uprights, Nana and Maggie searched the surrounding forest for a suitable fallen limb for the spit. They looked for hickory or green oak for strength. The wood was important, too, because other woods could give the meat a sour flavor when it was in contact with the roasting meat. If everything went well, they wouldn’t be eating the sheep, but if they couldn’t lure the kelpie with it, they might as well enjoy it. They found a thick branch and together they dragged it back to where Aidan was notching the uprights. He wiped the sweat from his forehead with the back of his hand and sat by the tree to rest. Aidan liked doing the hard work, but it was tiring. He rested for a while longer, chatting with Nana and Maggie, then got to his feet and dragged the spit over to a shady spot under the tree. Aidan first squared off one end of the branch and then sharpened the other end. Done with that task, he stripped the bark from the limb to expose the smooth wood. He then flattened opposite sides of the branch so the meat couldn’t slip when turning the spit. By the time he had finished preparing the spit components, it was early afternoon, and he was getting hungry.
Nana inspected his handiwork and complimented him.
“You did a great job Aidan. You really did this well. I think Beebop will be very proud of you!”
“Thanks, Nana,” Aidan beamed at the compliment. “I learned how to do that when Mom and Dad took us camping. Something just occurred to me though. How are we going to get everything back to the campsite? It took both of you to drag the spit, and each of the uprights is heavier than the spit. I can manage one upright, but not both. I don’t think either one of you are strong enough to carry one.”
“Well, do you have any ideas?” Maggie asked tartly, annoyed because Aidan didn’t think she could carry an upright. She knew she couldn’t, but it hurt that Aidan knew it, too.
“As a matter of fact, I do,” Aidan replied archly. “I’m going to try a spell to levitate the limbs back to the campsite.”
“I don’t think using power is a good idea, Aidan,” Nana said. “Remember, Findecano said we shouldn’t use power as it might attract the Drow. We will carry one upright and the spit and come back for the second upright. Luckily, the campsite isn’t too far away.”
Aidan frowned dejectedly, but nodded his head. Nana and Maggie grabbed the spit and dragged it while Aidan shouldered an upright and, after staggering under the weight, started after Nana and his sister. The trio arrived back at the campsite an hour later, the return trip taking longer than the first one due to frequent rest stops. They sweated in the warm sunshine and breathed heavily from the exertion of carrying and dragging the components of the spit. They dropped what they brought next to the beginnings of the fire pit and sat in the shade, grateful for the rest. Beebop walked over to them, looked at their red perspiring faces, grinned, and handed them a skin of water. Nana passed it to the children first and waited for them to drink their fill before she drank. When they finished, Beebop asked Nana how things went.
“Aidan did a great job of chopping the limbs for the uprights and notching them and did an even better job on the spit. Take a look at his handiwork.”
Beebop picked up the upright and inspected it, then did the same for the spit.
He nodded approvingly and said, “Great job Aidan! But, where is the other upright?”
“As heavy as they are, we couldn’t bring everything in one trip. We have to go back and retrieve the second upright,” Nana answered tiredly.
“I will send Aidan and Luthien back for the upright. You and Maggie look exhausted. Aidan looks tired, too, but I think he can make the trip again.”
“No one needs to go with me,” Aidan said. “It isn’t far and I’m fine.”
“I’m fine, too. I could go back with Aidan,” Maggie said defiantly.
“Aidan going back there without one of us with him is a bad idea. Even though he is nearly fourteen, I’m not sure he should go alone,” Nana said in that tone she occasionally used. Beebop knew it meant Aidan wasn’t going back to get the upright with just Luthien.
He considered for a moment and said, “Okay, you and Maggie stay here and help with final preparations. I’ll go with Aidan and Luthien to get the other upright.”
Nana nodded in agreement and Maggie tossed her blonde hair angrily and went to find Lucy. Beebop turned and went to find Luthien. He let Aidan rest for a few more minutes. Beebop found Luthien, informed Findecano and Alatariel what they were doing, and he and Luthien headed back to get Aidan. Aidan rose from where he rested and they hurried to where he had left the other upright. It was time to light the fire for roasting the sheep, and they needed to hurry. They reached the tree where Aidan left the limb stuck into the ground. Beebop worked it free of the soil and laid it on the ground.
“It is heavy. I’m impressed you carried the other one by yourself.”
Aidan smiled at the compliment and asked, “Who will carry this one?”
“I will carry it, but I needed you to show me where it was. Luthien came along for protection in case we ran into trouble out here,” Beebop replied. He leaned over, picked the upright up, and laid it across his shoulders. It was heavy but manageable. He smiled at Aidan and Luthien and said, “Let’s get back. We have a sheep to roast.”
Luthien and Aidan followed him back toward the camp.
Beebop was quiet as he walked back to the camp, upright weighing on his shoulders. Luthien and Aidan trailed along behind him though Aidan mumbled to himself. As they neared the shallow pond, Beebop suddenly felt the weight lift off his shoulders and then he rose into the air. He looked down and found he was about ten feet off the ground and floating there. The upright hovered a few feet above his head and both he and the upright were over the middle of the pond. He let out a startled yell and Aidan and Luthien stared up in surprise. Aidan looked at him with an odd guilty expression on his face and he stopped mumbling. Just as suddenly as he rose, Beebop fell and landed awkwardly in the pond. The upright splashed into the pond, too, and narrowly missed Beebop’s head. Beebop spit out a mouthful of rank pond water and tried to stand. He almost made it to his feet when his ankle buckled. When he landed in the pond, his ankle twisted under him. He didn’t think he broke it, but it hurt and swelled inside his boot. Aidan and Luthien rushed into the water and swiftly reached his side. They helped him to his feet, and he hopped out of the pond and sat on a small boulder.
“Beebop are you okay?” Aidan asked anxiously.
“My ankle hurts, but I’m fine. I can’t carry the limb the rest of the way, though. The big question is how did it happen? And, why did you look at me with a guilty face?”
Aidan looked at his feet and said sheepishly, “I’m sorry Beebop. I wanted to try a levitation spell. I concentrated on the upright, it went up, and both it and you floated above the ground. When you yelled, I stopped concentrating, and you fell into the pond. I’m really, really sorry.” He screwed up his face and looked like he might cry.
“It is okay, Aidan. I twisted my ankle when I fell, but I’m fine. You carry the limb the rest of the way, and I’ll need a walking stick to help me walk. I’ll wait right here if you and Luthien will find me a sturdy branch to use.”
Aidan nodded and he and Luthien went into the trees and returned with a stout branch. Beebop tried it, found it was strong enough for the purpose, and told them he was ready to go. Aidan and Luthien waded back into the pond and retrieved the upright. Aidan shouldered the upright, Luthien walked next to Beebop, and they hobbled their way back to the campsite.
Nana saw them coming, and that Beebop was limping and using a crutch. She rushed out to meet them, demanding to know what happened. Beebop told her about Aidan and his levitation spell as Luthien and Aidan went to drop off the upright.
Nana, after hearing of the incident, said, “I told him not to use power. I don’t want Naesse and company finding us because we used magic. What on earth was he thinking?”
“I don’t think he thought it would work. It upset Aidan when I hurt my ankle. I would be much more upset if the upright had landed on my head, but my ankle will be fine. Don’t be too hard on him. He is, after all, a fourteen year old boy trying to be a man and he is doing a great job.”
Nana frowned but nodded her agreement and walked slowly with him to the campsite.
When they reached the campsite, Findecano and Alatariel had erected the components for the spit over the fire pit. Beebop tried to help, but one look at his limp and Findecano refused.
“You need to sit and rest and let Nana use her healing stone to bring relief to your ankle.”
Despite Beebop’s protests, Nana took him by the arm and led him over to a fallen log where he could sit and prop his leg for examination. While she worked, he watched the elves build the fire pit and the spit. The elves first dug out a trench a foot deep using wooden shovels they had fashioned. They ringed it with stones both inside the pit and around it on the ground. Findecano and Alatariel placed the uprights for the spit outside the stones ringing the pit and congratulated Aidan for his work. They placed pieces of wood on the edges of the pit leaving the middle bare. Beebop asked why they arranged that way.
Findecano said, “If we put wood in the middle, the fat dripping from the meat will cause the fire to flare and burn the meat. We want a slow roast. We would rather use hot coals, but we will not have that luxury for the first sheep. If we are in need of the second sheep, we can bank the coals and use them.”
Beebop was glad of the distraction as Nana worked his boot off his foot. His ankle, a swollen mass of black and blue, was very sore. He felt sick and had to lie back, close his eyes, and take deep breaths. Nana noticed how pale he was, and she called Alatariel. Alatariel handed Beebop a skin of water and he sat up and drank deeply. Alatariel asked Nana for her bloodstone, and then he asked Beebop to lie back and close his eyes again. He placed the bloodstone against Beebop’s ankle and chanted a low incantation. Nothing changed at first, but gradually the swelling in Beebop’s ankle reduced and the pain subsided. Color returned to Beebop’s face, and the nausea passed. He sat up as Alatariel finished his work. Beebop flexed his foot and stepped gingerly on it. He could walk unencumbered and without pain. The ankle was still black and blue and not pretty to look at, but it was sound and whole. For the moment, it was enough.
“Thank you Alatariel,” Beebop said gratefully. “It is much better now.” Beebop sat again and pulled on his sock and boot.
Aidan watched silently with Maggie and he walked over to Beebop and said, “I’m really sorry Beebop. I didn’t think, and you got hurt because of it. I will never do anything like that again.”
Beebop smiled at him and answered, “It wasn’t a big deal, Aidan. You didn’t mean to hurt me and I don’t think you were even trying to make the upright float. You thought how you might do it and then it happened. The lesson is that you have to control your thoughts while we’re in Celahir. Things that are impossible in our world are commonplace here.”
Beebop stood up, put his arm around Aidan’s shoulders, and gave him a quick hug. Aidan smiled at him and hugged him back, then went over to Nana and hugged her. Nana started to scold him, but she caught Beebop’s eye and saw him shake his head, so she just hugged him back and kept silent.
She released him and said, “When are we going to get the fire started? I’m hungry!”
Findecano and Alatariel, who had watched the exchange with interest, suddenly felt the need to be busy and finished the fire pit. Lotheth and Luthien brought a sheep from the cave and expertly spitted it. Once on the spit, the elven girls laid the meat across the uprights and centered it over the fire pit. Findecano had carved an X-shaped handle he attached to the squared off end of the spit to give them a way to turn the meat while it cooked. Alatariel lit the fire and, as darkness fell, the tantalizing aroma of roasting meat filled the air.





Chapter 10
 
 
 
As the evening wore on, the tantalizing aroma of cooking sheep filled air. The companions ate pieces of the sheep as it roasted and now sat around their own campfire slightly away from the fire pit. 
Beebop’s research indicated the kelpie might drag the roasted sheep back to the river and into its lair before eating it. With that in mind, they attached a trip wire to the spit so if it moved more than a few feet from the uprights, the cage would fall. They camouflaged the cage and made it visible only to the most discerning eye - and then only in bright daylight. As an extra precaution, they dug a shallow trench a foot deep and three feet wide. Based on the research and advice from Keeper, the trench, filled with water once they captured the kelpie, became a secondary security barrier. Beebop wasn’t sure it would work, but he wanted to do everything he could to keep the kelpie away from them. They hoped the kelpie’s focus on the roasting meat would keep it from discovering the trap until it was too late. Besides, they reasoned, the kelpie was unused to anyone resisting its power. Capture was inconceivable to the kelpie. Add to the equation the fact it held the Carnelian, theoretically increasing its courage and power, and the group thought the kelpie would be overconfident and feeling invincible. Given that Beebop and Maggie had escaped once, they didn’t want to make foolish assumptions that might let the kelpie escape or get one of them hurt. The elves moved the actual fire pit away from their campsite. They wanted to act normally and not give the kelpie any reason to stay away from the roast. With the preparations complete, they just had to wait.
Aidan had been uncharacteristically quiet since they had returned with the last upright, causing Beebop to worry. He sensed Aidan’s guilt for the levitation accident. Beebop went looking for him and found him sitting on the dark side of a tree staring into the darkness.
He sat next to his grandson and asked, “What’s the matter, Aidan?”
“Nothing is wrong. I just needed to be alone for a while,” Aidan replied sullenly.
“Does it have anything to do with my accident earlier today? If it does, let it go. Alatariel fixed me up using the bloodstone, and everything is okay.”
“I could have killed you! I did a stupid thing!” Aidan blurted out.
“Well, yes, you did a stupid thing and, while I might have died, I didn’t. This is what it’s like to be a parent or a grandparent. Don’t you think that every time I drive you somewhere in my truck or let you drive the four-wheeler, or ride the jet ski, or any of a hundred other things, I don’t think about what might happen or how you might get hurt? I can’t protect you forever. I can only hope to teach you how to make good decisions and hope when the time comes, you will remember what I taught you so you will make the right decisions. Every second we are in Celahir, I worry we might not get home.”
“But you haven’t almost killed us,” Aidan said in a more normal voice.
“Well, I pointed a loaded shotgun at you, if you remember,” Beebop said dryly. They both laughed at the memory.
“Getting killed is always possible - both here and back home. That’s why we try to be careful and not take crazy risks. Sometimes I wonder if this whole adventure is a bad dream and I will wake up and everything will be back to normal. We wouldn’t have met any elves, Drow, trolls, or any other non-human creature. If I am dreaming, it will go on until I wake up. The only thing I know to do is continue until it’s done. If it turns out to be real, the process is the same - just keep pushing forward until we can get home. I am doing everything I can to keep us safe. Part of that safety may rely on our ability to use whatever powers we have here. Let’s practice on things not people. If you concentrated on a rock or a tree limb, it might have been okay, but let’s try not to work on things others are carrying.”
Beebop squeezed Aidan’s shoulder and headed back to the campfire. Aidan sat by the tree for a few more minutes considering what Beebop had said, and then he moved back by the campfire and sat next to Nana. She tousled his hair and looked at him with a raised eyebrow, but when he said nothing, she let him be. Aidan laid his head against her knee and closed his eyes. Maggie went over to Beebop, climbed in his lap, leaned her head against his chest, and fell asleep. Beebop took her to her hammock and laid her in it gently. Maggie stirred as he left her in the hammock, but it wasn’t enough to wake her. Beebop smiled at her sleeping form, kissed her on the top of her head, and returned to the campfire. When he had walked away, Lucy climbed into the hammock and snuggled in the crook of Maggie’s arm, eyes on Beebop’s retreating form. Once Beebop sat by the fire, Lucy closed her eyes and went to sleep, too.
“It’s time for us to be in the bed,” Nana said a short while later. “If the kelpie is coming, sitting up by the fire will not hasten or delay its arrival, so we may as well rest.”
Nana roused Aidan, who had fallen asleep with his head against her knee, led him off to his hammock, and then settled into hers. Beebop spoke with the elves for a few more minutes, and then he too trundled off to his hammock. The elves sat by the fire talking in Elvish before they decided it was time to rest. Alatariel stayed up on watch while the other three elves crawled into their own hammocks. Soon, the only sounds were the insects in the night, the croaking of toads and frogs by the river, and the crackling of the dying fire. Alatariel sighed, checked on the remains of the sheep on the spit, and settled next to the campfire to wait out the night. He didn’t see the eyes reflecting the embers staring at him from the edges of the trees lining the riverbank.
The night passed uneventfully and Alatariel woke the party as the sun rose. Beebop and Alatariel walked over to the fire pit and discovered, to their astonishment, the sheep carcass was missing, but the spit was in place. The cage still hung over the fire pit just as they had left it. Alatariel searched the ground hoping to find a clue about what transpired during the night. The elf found drag marks and followed them to the river’s edge where they disappeared.
Alatariel shook his head and said, “I do not understand. I did not sleep last night and kept a close eye on the fire pit and yet the sheep is gone and the trip wire did not work.”
“Maybe we can turn this to our advantage. The kelpie outsmarted us this time, but we can roast another sheep today and fix the trip wire so whoever stays awake releases it. We can stay awake in shifts and move closer to the fire pit. We will work on it after we have breakfast. Now, let’s go tell the others.”
Beebop and Alatariel returned to the campsite and told everyone what happened during the night. The reactions varied; disbelief from the elves; consternation from Nana; indifference from Maggie and Aidan. While they ate breakfast, they discussed possible ways to improve the trap for the kelpie. The scouts - except for Alatariel - were in favor of sitting by the fire pit and daring the beast to come for the meat.
Alatariel pointed out that if they sat there, and the cage dropped, it would trap them with the kelpie. Upon further reflection, the sisters agreed that it might not be the best plan. They debated the various plans until they settled on Beebop’s suggestion of manually tripping the cage to fall on the kelpie. The only change from Beebop’s earlier plan was the humans lost the vote on who stayed awake in shifts. The elves made the valid point they had better training to stand guard and protect themselves due to their combat skills. Beebop conceded their point, but reminded the elves they, too, acquitted themselves well in battle a few times. Aidan added his opinion that he should take a turn since he was a brown belt in kung fu, skilled with his staff and knew how to levitate things. They voted no. With Aidan outvoted, Maggie didn’t even try to get a chance – not that she wanted one after her last meeting with the water horse. She sat and watched the proceedings silently. Lucy sat on her shoulder and peered through the strands of her blonde hair. Decisions made, the group separated and went to take care of their assigned tasks. Lotheth and Luthien went to retrieve the second sheep and dress it for roasting later. Alatariel and Findecano gathered firewood for the fire pit and for the campfire. The humans had little to do. Beebop suggested they go into the forest to explore and hone whatever magical powers they might draw from their gemstones. He told Findecano the plan.
Beebop’s suggestion concerned Findecano, and he said, “Are you sure that is wise? The use of power might lead our enemies to our campsite.”
“I considered that, but there doesn’t appear to be any repercussions from Aidan’s use of power yesterday. Besides, if we want to defeat the kelpie and recover the Carnelian, we should have an idea how powerful we are,” Beebop answered.
Findecano bowed his head against Beebop’s arguments and said, “Please use simple spells to test your powers. As you are unaware of your full powers, it might be dangerous.”
Beebop nodded his agreement and, taking Nana’s hand, led them into the forest.
After a short walk into the woods, they reached a small clearing. The clearing, surrounded by downed tree limbs and small boulders, made for a perfect practice field. After moving a few of the downed limbs to create seating for everyone, Beebop asked Aidan to show Nana and Maggie how he had levitated the upright - and him - using one of the small boulders.
Beebop backed away from him in an exaggerated manner, ducked behind Nana and Maggie, breathed in an exaggerated rasp, and said, “Use the force Aidan.”
Aidan laughed, as did Nana and Maggie. Beebop took a seat next to Nana on a tree limb to watch Aidan practice on the boulder. Aidan focused on the boulder, muttering under his breath. Nothing happened for a few moments, and then the boulder shook and rocked back and forth in a slow rhythm. A moment later, the rock rose into the air and hovered a few feet above the ground. Aidan stretched out his hand and shifted the rock side to side as he moved his hand. He continued moving the rock up and down like a yo-yo by raising and lowering his hand. Aidan had a look of incredible wonder on his face. He returned the boulder to the ground and turned to the others.
“That was epic! Probably the coolest thing ever!”
Maggie giggled at his enthusiasm, and then she said, “Can I try something, Nana?”
“It depends on what you want to try, I guess,” Nana replied.
“Remember when I made the shield over us? I want to make it again.”
Nana looked at Beebop and he nodded his agreement, so she answered.
“Okay, Maggie. Just be careful.”
Maggie jumped up excitedly and waited for Aidan to sit before she began. She stared straight ahead with unfocussed eyes as she concentrated on the ruby she clutched in her fist. As with Aidan’s effort, nothing happened for a time, but eventually, a glowing halo formed above her. As she grew more confident, she focused more intently, and the halo grew larger and brighter until Nana, Beebop, and Aidan had to shield their eyes. Beebop called out to Maggie to stop, but the glow kept getting brighter and brighter. Nana jumped up and went to the edge of the glow. She saw Maggie in the middle, blonde hair standing straight. Maggie had a look of terror on her face, but couldn’t move or break the spell she cast. Nana tried to enter the halo, but the barrier rebuffed her and pushed her to the ground. She tried again and made headway, but still didn’t break through the barrier. Then Nana grabbed her blue topaz from her neck and concentrated on breaking through and reaching Maggie. A blue flame sprang up around her and fought with the halo surrounding Maggie. Nana’s blue glow increased in intensity and the two glows - one blue, one white - raged against each other. Beebop and Aidan stood back and watched as the glow alternated between blue and white. Soon, a column of blue-white power rose above the top of the trees, shooting like a beacon into the sky. Despite the boiling battle, there was no sound. Findecano and Alatariel saw the column rising above the trees and rushed over to see what was happening. The elves arrived at the clearing and stopped, astonished at the spectacle before them. Aidan and Beebop stood apart from the column of power, faces bathed in the bluish-white light. The elves barely saw Nana and Maggie was a ghost within the column. The power continued to grow, still quiet, but now caused the hair on their heads to stand up as though a field of static electricity surrounded them.
As the battle between the two powers grew stronger, a high keening wail started and pressure built. The elves covered their ears, which were much more sensitive to noise than the humans’ were, but soon the humans covered their own ears, too. Beebop was dizzy and felt he was just about to pass out when the pressure ended and the wailing sound stopped. He looked up and saw the blue power had vanquished the white. Maggie lay flat on the ground, and Nana rushed over to her granddaughter, her blue power flowing away like water. She reached Maggie and knelt next to her, tears flowing freely down her cheeks. Beebop and the others raced to her side and gazed anxiously at Maggie. Maggie was lying deathly still, her pale complexion even lighter than usual. Beebop saw her chest rising and falling, so she was breathing. Nana brushed her hair back from her face and stroked her cheek.
After a few minutes, Maggie stirred, opened her eyes, and blinked in confusion at the faces staring at her. She sat up, shaking her head and combing her fingers through her hair to remove the leaves and dirt that had tangled in it when she fell.
“What happened?” she asked in bewilderment.
“Maggie, you tell us,” Nana replied. “You were trying to perfect the protective ring, and it looked like it got out of control. I tried to get inside to stop you, but I couldn’t, so I used my power to break yours.”
“I...I don’t remember much. After I built the protective ring, the power grew inside me and kept getting stronger. I lost control of it and I got scared and tried to stop it, but everything went blank.”
“We’ve had enough exploration of power for today,” Beebop said. “Let’s go back to the camp, rest, eat, and we talk more about what happened.”
Beebop carried Maggie out of the forest, with the others trailing close behind them.
The group returned to the camp to find the elven sisters had stirred up the campfire and cooked a pair of rabbits over the flames. Lotheth and Luthien gathered dasheen, wild onions, and mushrooms and stuffed the rabbits with them. The smell of the sizzling meat carried across to the group as they approached the campsite and they realized how hungry they were. It amazed them how much time had elapsed since they went into the forest. It was mid-afternoon, and the sky clouded over, promising rain later.
“What will we do if it rains? It probably sounds silly to you, but we aren’t used to sleeping outside in the rain,” Nana asked.
“There are caves nearby we can shelter in if it rains. My sister and I checked them and made sure no animals occupied them. We moved the hammocks into the caves so we will not have to sleep on the rocky ground,” Luthien said.
Alatariel looked at her in surprise and pride and said, “Well done, both of you. I am proud you anticipated the weather and made provisions for it and for the comfort of our friends.”
Both sisters smiled at his words. Findecano and Beebop added their thanks to Alatariel’s praise and then sat down to eat. The sisters dished up the rabbit and the dasheen on large leaves and passed around the leaves. Nana sat Maggie between her and Beebop and they made sure she was okay. Maggie ate a little but without enthusiasm. They weren’t sure, though, if it was due to the food or what happened. Maggie picked at her food for a while, then put the leaf aside and picked up Lucy. Lucy sniffed around her and ate scraps of rabbit Maggie fed her. The ferret climbed up on her shoulder and took her normal spot peering out through Maggie’s blonde hair.
Findecano looked over at Maggie and asked gently, “Can you remember anything else about what happened?”
Maggie shook her head and replied, “No, I can’t. It’s a big blank. I do remember that right before I lost consciousness I saw Nana surrounded by blue fire, which scared me.”
Nana put an arm around her shoulders and hugged her, causing Lucy to jump off her shoulder and into Beebop’s lap. Lucy then jumped off his lap and disappeared into the forest. Maggie started after her, but Nana refused to stop hugging her, so she sat still and snuggled up next to Nana.
“I’m tired, Nana,” Maggie said sleepily. “It’s early, but I want to go to the caves and lie down in my hammock.”
Nana nodded her head and said, “Yes you can, and I’m feeling tired too. Using so much power wore me out! I think I’ll join you for a nap.”
They both rose and walked to the caves, the remaining companions wishing them a good night. When they had retired to the caves, Beebop looked at Findecano and asked, “Any idea what happened with Maggie?”
“No, I do not. I suspect she tried to control a spell that surpassed her abilities. We should count ourselves lucky she is unharmed,” Findecano replied with a long gaze at Beebop. Beebop nodded in silent agreement and changed the topic since he knew that Findecano was right about using power.
“What’s the plan now? Are we going to roast the other sheep tonight?”
“We can try, but I smell rain, so we will wait for another night. For tonight, we should rest and prepare ourselves for tomorrow. We may have to fetch another sheep or a wild boar although a sheep would be better. A deer might even be a choice since the sheep will stink in the next day. It will not matter to the kelpie, but until the sheep roasts, it may be most unpleasant for us.”
Findecano stopped speaking and looked at Beebop. He looked for a way to ask a question, but didn’t know how.
Beebop made it easy for him by looking him in the eye and saying, “Whatever question you have, Findecano, just ask it. Don’t look for a diplomatic way as that can confuse both the questioner and the one questioned.”
Beebop thought he knew what the question was coming, but he wasn’t volunteering the opening.
Findecano nodded gratefully and responded, “Your use of power today concerns me. I thought you and your family tested simple spells, yet things went dreadfully awry. Has the magic use betrayed us?”
“Findecano, my friend, I have no idea. We have no evidence that anyone knows we are here. In fact, I find it peculiar that it’s so quiet. I’m sure Naesse and the others are searching for us, yet we have seen nothing. I find it the most disturbing thing about this whole situation.”
“Beebop, you raise an excellent point. Why have they not found us?  We fled from them in your house, but they did not or could not follow. Nevertheless, we have left a trail of power here and they are unable follow it. It is most curious. The best course of action is to find the gemstone the kelpie now possesses and move on from here as soon as we can. Every day we stay increases the chances of Naesse and his minions finding us and we have not yet been successful at recovering the Carnelian. As this day passes, I have a sense of foreboding I cannot shake.”
“I, too, have a bad feeling about this day, but I hope it’s just the clouds and the threat of rain,” Beebop said. “I’ll go check on Nana and Maggie and go to bed early, too. Aidan, let’s go.”
Aidan and Beebop rose from their seats and headed off to the caves where Nana and Maggie slept. As they walked toward the caves, lightning flashed, thunder rolled, the skies opened, and the rain fell.
Aidan and Beebop reached the caves, soaked and dripping from the rain. Nana and Maggie slept, oblivious to the storm. Curled up against Maggie, Lucy perked up and stared at them with her beady eyes. Once she recognized them, she laid her head down again and snuggled against Maggie. Lucy’s attachment to Maggie made Beebop happy, but he knew they couldn’t take the ferret home, and he worried how Maggie would handle it. Beebop shivered in wet clothes - with no fire in the cave and no sunshine either, they had no way of drying off other than to wait. Beebop wished he had the clothes dryer from home! Aidan tumbled into his hammock and was nearly asleep. Beebop kissed Nana and Maggie while they slept, tousled Aidan’s hair, and climbed into his own hammock. The drumming of the rain outside the cave lulled him to sleep.
Hours later, the rain stopped, and the moon broke through the clouds, casting a pale light through the trees. The elves rested, except for Luthien, who stood watch over the companions. The humans slept, but Lucy was awake staring at the cave entrance. She nuzzled Maggie trying to wake her. When Maggie didn’t stir, Lucy bit her ear. Maggie’s eyes snapped open at the pain, but she didn’t cry out. She rubbed her bitten ear and looked for the ferret, but Lucy wasn’t there. Maggie climbed out of her hammock and tiptoed to the cave entrance, eyes searching for Lucy. When she didn’t find her, she left the cave. Aidan stirred awake as she left, and, noticing Maggie was no longer in her hammock, he got up and followed her. He looked for her once he was out of the cave. Aidan didn’t see her at first, and then he glimpsed her through the trees, headed toward the campsite. Aidan knew he should wake up Nana and Beebop, but he didn’t want to lose sight of Maggie, so he followed her. He jogged toward where he had last seen her and caught up to her as she reached the campsite. Drowned by the rain, not even embers glowed in the fire pit. Without the moonlight filtering through the tree branches, Maggie was hard to see. Maggie found Lucy and sat on the rocks surrounding the campfire stroking the ferret.
Aidan sat next to her and asked, “What are you doing out here?”
“Lucy woke me up when she bit my ear. When I sat up, she jumped off me and ran out of the cave, so I followed her. What are you doing out here?”
“You woke me when you sneaked out of the cave, so I followed you,” Aidan replied.
“I wasn’t sneaking, but I was quiet since I didn’t want to wake anyone up and I didn’t want to lose Lucy,” Maggie replied crossly.
“I should have woke up Nana and Beebop, but I didn’t want to lose sight of you. We need to get back to the cave. I’m nervous being out here without one of them.”
“Me, too,” Maggie agreed. “I just wanted to find Lucy.”
The siblings stood up together and headed back toward the caves when a sudden flash in the moonlight near the fire pit caught their attention. They looked at one another and went to the fire pit to investigate, all thoughts of returning to the cave forgotten.
They neared the fire pit and saw in the pale moonlight the shape of a horse. The kelpie stood next to the cold stones that ringed the fire pit, sniffing the air as if looking for more roasted meat. A beautifully bejeweled silver bridle captured a shaft of moonlight and flashed again. The two humans crept closer, trying to be as quiet as possible. Maggie held on to Aidan’s shirttail with one hand, held Lucy with the other, and tried very hard to keep from screaming at the water horse. The beast tried to drown her, and she was afraid it might see them and capture her again. Aidan and Maggie crouched behind a large rock and watched as the kelpie shimmered in the moon and transformed into the shape of a human male. Aidan now understood how the kelpie had gotten the first sheep off the spit without activating the trip wire. It shifted shape into a human form to remove the meat from the spit and then replace it. As they waited for the kelpie’s next move, Lucy wiggled away from Maggie and darted into the moonlight heading straight for the kelpie. Maggie instinctively jumped up to follow Lucy, but Aidan grabbed her arm before she ran after the ferret. The movement, though, attracted the monster’s attention, and it looked directly at them. After a long moment of it staring at the siblings, the kelpie walked toward them, calling out their names. Aidan grabbed Maggie’s hand and ran toward the campsite with Maggie in tow. They ran only a few steps before Maggie tripped over something unseen in the darkness and she fell to the ground. Aidan stopped running and returned to help her. As he leaned over, he heard a strange noise and looked up at the trees. The cage, its tripwire released by Maggie in the darkness, fell from the top of the trees and surrounded the kelpie, stopping it in its tracks. The beast let out a roar and Aidan wasn’t sure the cage would hold the kelpie. He helped Maggie to her feet and ran back to the caves to wake the others.
Beebop woke to the sounds of Aidan and Maggie yelling as they neared the caves. He sprang from his hammock and shook Nana to wake her. The elves were already stirring. Luthien came running into the cave to investigate the ruckus. She stopped and stood before her brother, imploring him to tell her what was happening. Instead of answering, Alatariel lighted a torch and placed it into a niche on the wall, casting dancing shadows and illumination over the companions. Alatariel lighted a second torch and placed it in a similar niche on the opposite wall. With the cave now lighted, he turned to Aidan and Maggie and asked them, in a calm but urgent voice, what caused the excitement.
Maggie spoke first and told them about Lucy waking her and leaving the cave.
Aidan picked up the story then and told them more of the story, including the kelpie’s shape-shifting ability.
Maggie interrupted Aidan and said, “When the kelpie started toward us and called us by our names, we ran! I stumbled over the trip wire and the cage fell. Oh, I hope Lucy is okay!”
“I want to say good job, except neither of you should have gone out there without one of us. Still, it was brave and maybe turned out well,” Beebop admonished. He turned to Alatariel and Findecano and said, “Let’s go see what the children captured.”
Alatariel grabbed the torches and he and Findecano carried them as the group headed to the fire pit. Something thrashed in the cage, the poles bending under the assault, but they couldn’t see what it was. The cage held, though, a testament to the construction Nana, Aidan, Maggie, and the elves completed. In the half-light, it was difficult to identify what it was. Dawn was breaking, so they decided to wait until the sun rose and the light was better. Lotheth and Luthien rustled up breakfast for everyone. The breakfast was mimusops and fresh, clean, cold water, but it was very satisfying. The morning arrived as they ate, the sky turning pink and red and then blue, as the sun rose above the horizon. As the light brightened, the thrashing creature slowed its attempts to free itself. By the time the sun flooded the campsite with brightness, the movements ceased. Alatariel and his sisters retrieved their bows and staffs from the caves and stood ready with weapons drawn. Beebop and Findecano went to the trees that suspended the cage and made sure the hoist mechanism was still operational and raised the cage a few inches off the ground. They rigged up a basic block and tackle arrangement allowing them to raise or lower the cage. The pair didn’t raise the cage much, but hoisted it enough to test the operation. Satisfied, they edged closer to the cage and peered through the gaps between the poles. What they saw surprised them. They expected a horse or a human figure – based on Aidan and Maggie’s story from the night before - but what they beheld was the most hideous creature imaginable. Beebop asked Findecano to go to the caves and retrieve the notes they printed out from the computer at Beebop and Nana’s house and the bridle Keeper gave them. Findecano ran and returned rapidly with the sheets of paper and the bridle.
Beebop scanned the documents for a few moments before he muttered, “Just as I thought.” He turned to the rest of his companions and said, “What we have is the true appearance of the kelpie. Apparently, the bright sunlight strips away the various faces it can use to disguise its countenance. The sunlight also restricts its abilities, so I think we are safe, but we will keep it in the cage for now. Let’s take a look at a very ugly beast.”
Beebop stepped to the side and Nana and Maggie gasped at the sight of the monster. The beast, stripped of illusion, was over seven feet tall. Its forelegs, instead of ending in hooves, ended in fearsome three-toed claws. As if they burned from within, its eyes glowed red. The mouth, full of razor sharp fangs, was open in a snarl. Its face was something out of a nightmare, a strange mix of horse and human with a wild mane of hair. A necklace, bridle shaped and set with many jewels, hung from its neck. The beast eyed the group with ill-disguised malevolence, but could not get closer to them. One extra precaution Beebop and Findecano built into the cage was containers of water. Once again, the research on the internet had paid off since it told them the kelpie didn’t like still water. The containers of water, which broke when they hit the ground, made small puddles of water around the periphery of the cage and trapped the kelpie in the middle. Beebop had one more trick up his sleeve and he used it now.
“The research told us what I believe is the kelpie’s real name. Its name should give us a measure of control over the beast.”
Beebop looked at the beast and called it by its Gaelic name - each uisge, which the clustered companions heard as ek wizzke - and the beast flinched and sighed. It spoke in a guttural voice that sounded like boulders grinding together.
“You have called me by my true name, human - though your pronunciation is poor - and I am now bound to you. What do you wish for me to do?”
“I have two requests. The first is for you to retrieve the gemstone the elf Naesse gave to you. The second is for you to surrender your bridle and accept this substitute.”
Beebop held up the bridle Keeper had given them. It was a plain silver bridle with a cross symbol etched into each side. The kelpie saw it and shied away from the group, traces of fear in its eyes. Beebop, though encouraged the research seemed to be correct, took no chances. “I want the bridle first.”
“I reject your requests. Though I am bound to you and I cannot harm you or your companions, I do not fear you human, even though you have named me. I will wait out your pathetic attempts to best me. My escape will break our binding, and I will show you no mercy as I feast upon you.”
The kelpie turned its back on the group and moved to the center of the cage. Beebop sighed and asked the elves to fill their waterskins and bring them back to the fire pit. The elves complied and returned with the skins full of water. He directed them to pour the water around the edges of the net. When they had emptied their skins, they returned to the river to refill them. After many trips, a small moat of still water surrounded the cage and the kelpie. With the beast contained, Beebop asked Aidan to help him rig a more useful watering system. Beebop noticed the bamboo-like plants they used for the cage, when mature, became hollow. He whittled the ends of the hollow reeds, using the dagger Keeper gave him, and connected the reeds end to end until they formed a pipeline from the river to the fire pit trench. By doing this, they could make sure they had a constant water supply to help corral the kelpie. Beebop and Aidan worked through the day, creating a trench that ran from the river to the edge of the moat around the cage. They got the water flowing as the sun went below the horizon. To start or stop the water flow they had to lower or raise the end of the pipeline at the edge of the river. Gravity took care of the rest and they had water flow when the pipeline was in the river. The elves lighted campfires around the cage so they had plenty of light to keep an eye on the kelpie. They arranged the watch schedule so at least two party members were always awake and on watch. The companions didn’t want to risk the kelpie escaping and wreaking havoc on them. Besides, the kelpie hadn’t eaten, so they knew it was hungry and hoped to catch one of them in its claws. Alatariel armed each of the watchstanders with a waterskin. According to the internet research they had, they could deter the kelpie by throwing water upon it. The research hadn’t been wrong so far and Beebop was optimistic they could control the beast. Beebop asked Lotheth and Luthien to bring the second sheep carcass back to the fire pit. The sisters left and returned with the sheep carcass slung between them hanging from a sapling they cut. The sisters left the carcass just outside the cage at Beebop’s direction, where it was in full view of the kelpie. Findecano was curious why Beebop had requested the carcass and asked him to explain.
“It’s an idea Nana had that she and I discussed earlier. Nana thought we could offer the kelpie food. While the beast may never be our friend and ally, showing it kindness won’t hurt anything either. Besides, as Nana pointed out, we might as well get use out of the animal. We can’t eat it, as it may be spoiled and dangerous for us. Given the eating habits of the kelpie, I doubt it has those same concerns.”
“I think that is a splendid idea. I would be loath to do it without your explanation, but I do see the value in it. The question remains how we feed the beast without it escaping.”
“Remember, we will have the bridle and will command the beast,” Beebop answered. “I don’t intend to feed it until it surrenders its bridle.”
The group went to sit by another fire nearby and eat what Lotheth and Luthien prepared. As with the other meals they had eaten, it was simple and delicious and before long, they were full and ready to turn in for the night.
Beebop and Aidan drew the first watch. After supper and after everyone crawled into their hammocks in the cave, they sat around one of the multiple campfires that ringed the cage and watched the kelpie. The kelpie shapeshifted many times going between the human form, the horse, and its real appearance. They watched its transformations with interest the first few times, but soon grew tired of watching it. Beebop suspected the kelpie hoped to lull them into inattention and escape. As he learned years ago when standing watch aboard the submarine when you had someone to talk to, it was easier to stay awake and alert. As long as he could keep Aidan awake, that is. Aidan’s head bobbed whenever there was a lull in their conversation - the mid-watch nods as they called them in the Navy. Beebop suggested Aidan stand up, walk around, and check on the water levels in the trench surrounding the cage. Aidan nodded, got up, stretched and rubbed his eyes, and walked the perimeter of the cage, checking the water levels in the trench. He completed the circuit, returned to the campfire, and told Beebop everything was fine. Aidan glanced over his shoulder and noticed the kelpie was not in the middle of the cage.
“Beebop, where is the kelpie?”
Beebop jumped up and looked for the beast. He couldn’t see it anywhere within the cage.
“Stay right beside me and keep your eyes open. We need to check the cage to make sure the beast didn’t cut his way through and escape.” He grabbed a waterskin and told Aidan to do the same. Each armed with a waterskin slung over a shoulder and Beebop with his staff in his hands; they began a slow inspection of the cage. They completed the inspection but found no evidence of damage to the enclosure.
“Let’s pull the cage all the way up and see what happens.” Aidan said.
Beebop looked thoughtful for a moment then said with a big exaggerated wink at Aidan, “Sounds good. You go to the ropes and get ready to pull. I will stay here and watch.”
Aidan looked quizzically at him, but Beebop winked again and told him to go. Aidan, unsure of what Beebop was up to, headed over to the ropes and got ready to pull. Beebop signaled him to pull and, as he did, Beebop opened and squeezed the waterskin, sending a stream of water arcing over the top of the cage and splashing into the middle. Instantly, the kelpie appeared, howling as the stream of water hit it. Aidan let go of the rope, stopping the rise of the cage and sending it crashing down around the animal.
Aidan ran back to Beebop and asked, “How did you know the monster was still in there?”
“Elementary, my dear Watson.”
Aidan looked confused so Beebop said, “Old Sherlock Holmes. I will have to buy you the books.”
When Aidan still looked puzzled, Beebop said, “Never mind. The kelpie had to be there since there wasn’t any damage to the cage. I figured it used an illusion, like when it changed from a horse to a human and I guessed a stream of water might show it.”
“Good job, Beebop!” Aidan said admiringly. “I never thought about spraying it with water.”
Beebop smiled at the compliment and then made himself comfortable around the campfire again. He looked at the kelpie, now in its true form and glowering at the humans, and thought again how impossible this whole thing was. If it was a nightmare, he decided, he wished he would wake up already!
Aidan came and sat down next to him and asked, “What would you have done if the kelpie had escaped?” The question startled Beebop, but he answered readily enough.
“I was ready to fight it with my staff and whatever power I could summon from the gemstones. The kelpie might win, but fighting it gives you, Nana, and your sister a chance to escape.”
Aidan nodded and then said, “I would have stayed and fought with you.”
Beebop gazed at him and said, “No. I would make you leave. Someone has to look after Maggie and Nana, and you are the only one I trust to take care of them.”
Aidan looked thoughtful at Beebop’s statement, but said nothing else and silence descended over the campfire. The quiet lasted only a few minutes before Findecano and Lotheth hailed them. They came to relieve them as watchstanders. Beebop related what happened with the kelpie, which drew a concerned look from Findecano.
“I am surprised the kelpie is capable of that kind of magic. Kelpies are not even true shapeshifters. They use only illusion to appear as a horse or as a human. Perhaps the power of the gemstone he possesses allows him to do other things. We must keep a very close eye on the beast. It will be hungry soon and it may make a desperate attempt to escape.”
“I wonder if the kelpie created an illusion of invisibility or silence around itself when he approached the fire pit. That could explain why Alatariel and Luthien didn’t detect the beast over the past couple of nights,” Beebop mused.
“That is as good an explanation as any. I trust the scouts completely and know that neither would sleep while guarding us,” Findecano said.
Lotheth said, “I agree. I know my brother and sister and they would have seen the beast if not for magic or enchantment.”
They talked for a few more minutes, and then Beebop and Aidan headed to the caves to sleep.
The rest of the night passed without incident, and Maggie woke both of them by shaking each by the shoulders.
“Beebop, Aidan, wake up! Findecano wants us at the cage!”
“What is going on?” Aidan asked sleepily.
“I think the kelpie is giving up!” Maggie said excitedly. The news got them moving, and they hastened to the campfire where the rest of the group was standing around staring at the kelpie. The beast was in its true form, still staring with hatred at the group assembled before it.
“Beebop, the beast demanded to speak to you,” said Findecano as Beebop and Aidan arrived at the scene. “We tried to convince it to talk to us, but it insisted on talking only to you.”
Beebop nodded and approached the cage, but stayed well away from the monster.
“Each uisge, you wish to speak with me?” Beebop used the kelpie’s real name to remind it he still held power over it. Beebop could have sworn the beast looked pained - though it was difficult to tell since it was in its true form and the face was in a perpetual snarl.
“You have imprisoned me with this cage and the still water. You saw through my illusion, revealed me with water, and prevented me from escaping. I am hungry and will soon perish from lack of food. I do not wish to die, especially at the hands of a human. If you will raise the cage, I will give you what you seek.”
Beebop saw through the last gambit of the kelpie for escape.
“Before we raise the cage, you must give us the bridle. I don’t relish the thought of you being free without having control over you. If you agree to hand over the bridle and stay at the back of the cage, we will slide the carcass of the sheep to you. You may eat and regain your strength.”
“I will not give in to your demands!” The kelpie roared as it rose to its full height.
“Your decision is fine by me. We can afford to wait until you die. Either way, we still get the bridle. You have seen how I can create air for myself in the water. Once you perish, I will enter the river, find your lair, and retrieve the gemstone Naesse gave you,” Beebop said coldly. He turned from the beast and strode back to the campfire. The kelpie stared at Beebop with hate-filled eyes. Just as he reached the campfire, a flash of silver arced through the sunlight and landed at the edge of the cage. Beebop turned around and went to the cage. He asked Findecano and Alatariel to raise the cage enough for him to grab the bridle. When the enclosure was a few inches off the ground, he reached inside and pulled the bridle free. Beebop felt the eyes of the kelpie boring into him, but he shrugged it off and stood up, holding the bridle in front of him. Beebop asked Nana to bring him the replacement bridle and slid it under the edge of the cage. He commanded the kelpie to take it, which the beast reluctantly did.
“Change back to your horse form,” he told the kelpie. The beast did as ordered and Beebop signaled the elves to raise the cage to a point where the horse could not walk free, but he could walk underneath it. Beebop walked under the edge of the cage, retrieved the bridle, and slipped the bit into the horse’s mouth and the headstall over its ears. He draped the reins around the kelpie’s neck and then stepped back from the beast. He signaled the scouts to move the sheep into the cage.
“I have your bridle and I have your name. When you finish your meal, you will bring me the gemstone Naesse gave to you and I will free you. Try to trick us and I will destroy you.”
With those words, he stepped back outside the cage and signaled Alatariel and Findecano to lower the cage again.
Beebop turned to the group of companions and said, “We should move away from here while the beast eats. I doubt it will be a pleasant sight.”
The others agreed and moved toward the other campfires. Behind them, they could hear sounds of the beast eating and the sounds were not pleasant. They were glad they left the beast alone to eat. When they were far enough away and they could no longer hear the animal eating, they sat around a smaller campfire and Beebop handed Findecano the kelpie’s bridle.
“Findecano, I think Keeper is the best person to have the bridle. I have no use for it. If you can make sure he gets it at some point it would be great.”
Findecano nodded and placed the bridle in his pack.
“How long will we have to wait for the kelpie to finish eating, Beebop?” Maggie asked.
Beebop shook his head and replied, “I don’t have a clue sweetheart. I suspect it will eat and try to trick us. The beast isn’t used to losing, especially to humans as it said, so this must be a big blow to its ego. And, you and I have beaten it twice now. Overall, I believe the kelpie is one unhappy beast! I will find out from the monster how it knew your names though.”
“When we get the gemstone, what will we do then?”  Aidan asked.
“We’ll go home. It will be time for you and Maggie to go back to school and your Mom and Dad will be back from camping. Findecano and Alatariel will decide what to do with the gemstone and then retrieve the remaining gems. Our part in this quest will end. But,” he added with a shake of his head, “I thought that before and then we teleported back here.”
Everyone laughed at his point and then prepared lunch. They ate mimusops and wild strawberries again, washed down with cold water.
They had just finished eating when Beebop heard the kelpie calling him. The group got up and moved to the cage. They saw the kelpie had devoured the sheep, including the bones. The beast was in its true form and held the regular bridle at its side.
“What do you want me to do, human?”
“I want you to retrieve the carnelian Naesse gave to you and return it to me. When you finish the task to my satisfaction, I will release you and our binding will end. The only condition I put to the agreement is that you will harm none of my companions standing here.”
“You ask for difficult things from me. How do I know you will keep your bargain?”
“You don’t know. I can keep you imprisoned and make you become a plow horse should I choose. I could keep you imprisoned and let you perish. As I see things, you have little choice in this matter. Either you agree or you die. The choice is yours. Remember, too, I could have let you starve while I kept you here, but I fed you. Think on that and ask yourself if your other master has shown you compassion.”
Beebop could almost see the kelpie debating with itself, but after a few moments, the beast said, “I agree. If you do not keep your bargain, I will hunt you and the rest of your companions and kill all of you. I can cross the barrier when and should I choose and I will find a river near you and will wait until I can seek my revenge. If you are true to your word, then we will part in peace. I will retrieve the carnelian gemstone Naesse gave and return here by tonight.”
Beebop asked Findecano and Alatariel to raise the cage enough for him to enter.  When the cage was up, he slipped under the edge and walked to the kelpie. He asked the beast to return to its horse shape, and when it had complied, he slipped the bridle and the headpiece into place and draped the reins over its back. Beebop whispered something to the kelpie, and the beast responded with a whinny. He signaled for them to raise the cage and when it was, he slapped the horse on its rump and it galloped off toward the river, leaping over the moat.
“What did you whisper to the kelpie?” Nana asked him after the beast left.
“I made sure he knew we were in control of him and resistance was not only futile but would meet with harsh punishment. I also told him I am true to my word and will release him when he returns with the gemstone,” Beebop replied.
With nothing else to do but wait, Findecano and Alatariel discussed the next quest.
“The kelpie possesses the Carnelian, and we will soon have it. Returning it to the Elven Bow could bolster the courage of the Light Elves.  I agree with Beebop though. We will not survive if we tried to return it to Elessar Melwasul. Naesse has marshaled forces there and cast much doubt upon us. Naesse and the Elven Council will not look kindly upon an effort to restore the gemstone to the Elven Bow. The safest course is to take the recovered gemstone to Keeper, who can safeguard it until we can restore all the gems. The next gem to recover is the Amethyst, so we can restore joy and happiness to the Light Elves.”
“But we saw elf children running and playing when we first arrived in Elessar Melwasul. They were happy,” Maggie pointed out.
Findecano looked at her with sad eyes and replied, “The children always seem to be happy. I have noticed that phenomena in my travels. Even when evil is afoot and parents fear for the safety of the children, the children have a most remarkable ability to find joy and happiness. But the elves in general are in a malaise, brought on by the missing gemstones.”
“Who has the Amethyst?” Nana asked.
“If you recall from when we first met, I told you how Enelya and Elerosse imprisoning me in the stone,” Findecano answered. “Elerosse boasted they intended to give the stones to various monsters in Celahir. Naesse gave the Amethyst to a giant who dwells across Celahir along a wild stretch of coastline. He lives on one island and demands tribute from the adjacent island for not destroying it or the people who live there. He refuses to allow anyone to flee. The giant has excellent helpers and spies among the wolves and ravens that populate the forests on the mainland across the channel from the two islands. Even the inhabitants of the mainland have to pay a yearly levy to live in relative peace. The giant will, on occasion, let loose the wolves to plunder sheep or even a young child or two, just to keep the people in fear and make them obey.”
“Do humans live there?” Maggie asked.
“Yes, humans live there. The island is the closest point to the human world in Celahir and has the easiest barrier to penetrate. The area is near your island of Ireland, itself a place of great mystery and magic. Do you remember the legend of how the barrier came to be? The human who fell in love with the sea god’s wife was an Irishman. The descendants of the man desired to stay in Celahir, so many humans live in our world. Those who live here have no magic as we elves do, but they are an ally when circumstances warrant. I hope to enlist their aid in retrieving the Amethyst from the giant. Perhaps they will know of any weaknesses I can exploit.”
“Speaking of great mysteries, Findecano, what is the problem between you and Keeper?” Beebop asked. “And why is he called Keeper?”
Findecano looked embarrassed and said, “I prefer not discuss it. Let it suffice to say my friends and I played a small prank on him and he has not yet forgiven me. As for why he is called Keeper, you have seen his home and heard him speak. He is the Keeper of knowledge of Celahir. He knows the history and has artifacts from the ancient days. Keeper has always been where and who he is. We call him Keeper because it is inconceivable to call him anything else.”
Beebop nodded at his answer, thinking he didn’t get an answer.
The day had slipped by as they sat talking and the sun neared the horizon. Beebop hoped the kelpie wouldn’t be gone long, but since he had the bridle, he still felt confident in the beast’s return. The elves lit the campfires, illuminating the entire clearing. The group sat around the largest of the campfires, still discussing the next step of the quest, pausing only long enough to eat supper. For a change, they ate only dasheen and mimusops, although a meal without meat didn’t thrill Beebop. The sun disappeared behind the trees as they ate and night fell. The moon came out, illuminating patches of ground through breaks in the branches of the trees. When the outlying fires burned low, they didn’t refresh them with wood, and let them die out. They kept the campfire they sat around burning strong, feeding it with fallen limbs from the surrounding forest. As the night dragged on, the children got sleepy, and they yawned. It was contagious and soon Nana and Beebop yawned, too. After many yawns, the humans decided it was time to turn in for the night. They said their good nights and headed for the caves leaving the four elves sitting around the crackling fire.
Just as they neared the entrance to the caves, they heard a strange sound like a cross between a horse’s whinny and a snarl. Another roar from a different group of creatures followed the strange noise and a bloodcurdling cry from the elves answered the challenge. Beebop grabbed his staff, stuck the knife in his belt, and grimaced at his family. They knew at once the kelpie had returned - and it had brought friends.





Chapter 11
 
 
 
The humans whirled around and headed back toward the campfire at a run. Before they broke the cover of the trees, Beebop signaled them to stop and approach the edge of the tree line cautiously. He put a finger to his lips to silence them, and they peered around the tree trunks. What they saw horrified them. Surrounding the four elves was a motley assortment of creatures ranging from trolls and orcs to wolves and fearsome dog-like beasts. Behind the host was the kelpie, in its horse form. Naesse sat astride the kelpie, flanked by Elerosse and Enelya, who stood near the kelpie’s head.
The humans hoped they had escaped detection, but Naesse directed his gaze at the trees concealing them and said in his familiar mocking tone, “Will you not come out and join us? I fear your elven friends are feeling alone out here without your company.”
When they didn’t answer, Naesse let loose a huge sigh - purely theatrical - and spoke a sharp word to the dog creatures. Four of the animals broke from the rest of the creatures and rushed toward the trees. One stopped in front of each of the trees concealing one human, snarled, and growled at the tree. The dogs didn’t attack the humans - a point Beebop found very interesting. The animals were apparently under Naesse’s control. Beebop hoped they attacked only at his command. Beebop noted it, but he kept it to himself. He signaled his family to stand behind him and when they had assembled, he led them into the clearing surrounding the campfire. The animals followed, jaws dripping, but still didn’t touch the humans. They marched in single file to stand next to the four elves, the surrounding hoard parting before them and allowed them to pass. When they reached the stones around the campfire, the ranks closed behind them and cut off any escape routes. They faced Naesse, Elerosse, and Enelya. Naesse slid from the back of the kelpie and strode over to the humans, stopping in front of Beebop. Beebop noted the ease with which Naesse dismounted. With his previous difficulty in separating Maggie and himself from the kelpie, he had to assume the kelpie disengaged itself at will.
“Did you believe I could not find you? I admit I did not know at first after you escaped me from your world - and I will find out how you managed that piece of magic. Once you used power, you left a trail for a blind man to follow. I congratulate you on your efforts to capture the kelpie though. Many people have fallen prey to the kelpie, only a few managed to escape, and none before you have captured it. Your power over the beast is impressive, but it does not match mine.” Naesse finished talking to Beebop and moved to where Findecano stood.
Naesse chuckled and said, “Findecano, you have been a constant irritation for over two hundred years. I will end it soon. But, before I blot your memory from existence, I wanted to show you something.”
Naesse reached into a small pouch attached to his belt and brought out a reddish gemstone the size of a golf ball.
“Is this what you seek?” Naesse asked.
Findecano said nothing, but his face screwed up for an instant, giving Naesse the answer. “I thought as much. How sad that you came so close only to fail at the end. This is the easiest of the gemstones to recover. The others are with much more fearsome creatures although the kelpie is a formidable foe.”
Beebop realized they needed to keep Naesse talking while they figured out a way to escape. He believed Naesse liked listening to his own voice, so he asked, “Naesse, I see you have trolls, orcs, and wolves, but what are these dog creatures?”
Naesse looked at him in annoyance, but answered, “These are devil-dogs. They howl like banshees. When one hears a banshee, it foretells someone’s death. Unlike the banshees, the devil-dogs usually cause the death. The dogs, and the kelpie, are under my control, meaning I can release them at my whim – and they have never failed once given the command to attack.”
As he talked, Beebop stared at the kelpie and noticed it was still wearing the bridle Keeper had given them. That meant Naesse didn’t have as much control over the beast as he assumed. An idea bloomed in his mind, but it was a sketchy and risky plan. Beebop wanted to wait before resorting to it.
“What do you plan to do with us?” Nana asked, trying to keep the quaver from her voice.
“I plan on killing the elves,” Naesse said in a flat voice. “I will allow you to go home when I am convinced you can no longer interfere with my plans. However, for its service, I owe the kelpie. One of you humans will serve as its reward. The kelpie prefers children, but I will to let any of you choose to be the reward.”
At his words, each of the humans grew pale as they considered the fate of one of their family.
“Naesse, let them go free,” Findecano said. “The humans have nothing to do with this and would not even be involved except for a quirk of fate. They do not deserve such an end. They have a rare thing found in any world - love. Not just between Nana and Beebop, but with the children, too. Do not force them to choose which will survive. I will gladly be the reward for the kelpie.”
“Let me take the human’s place as the kelpie’s reward. I would be foresworn if I did anything else,” Alatariel said.
“I will be the reward,” Lotheth said.
“No, I will,” said Luthien.
Naesse looked from one to the other as the elves spoke, a sardonic smile on his face. “I find your willingness to sacrifice for one another amusing. It will not avail you. The humans caused me trouble and I mean to return the trouble a thousand fold. They are trying to take away the thing I desire most, so I will let them feel the pain of having something precious taken away.”
Naesse finished speaking to them and faced Elerosse and Enelya. “Make preparations for the elves’ demise. Before I reward the kelpie, I want the humans to see first-hand what happens to those who run afoul of me.”
Elerosse and Enelya smiled unpleasantly and stepped away, threading their way through the forces surrounding the companions. As they passed, the ranks closed back around them and crowded the humans and elves. The smell of their captors caused the humans to gag and cough, but Naesse was unconcerned. Beebop decided it was time to take action and not just resign themselves to their fate. He had to try his plan. None of the others knew of his plan, so he looked at Nana and spoke.
“Nana my love, this is not the kobayashi maru,” Nana raised her eyebrow like Mr. Spock at the reference to the ‘no-win’ scenario of Star Trek fame. In the scenario, the only way to win was to reprogram the computer running the simulation. “I don’t believe in no-win scenarios.”
“What are you going to do?” Nana asked in a whisper.
Beebop grinned and replied, “Just be ready to flee or fight. Naesse and company didn’t take away our gemstones, so we have power.”
He looked at Aidan, who had seen them whispering and had drawn himself and Maggie within earshot.
“Aidan, give me your double-ended crystal.” Aidan complied and when he had handed the stone over, Beebop added, “Be ready to help your Nana and your sister.” He turned to Nana and said, “When I go on the offensive, get the kids out of here and keep going. Get as far away as you can. I will catch up with you later.” Nana looked like she would cry, but she hugged him hard, and kissed him.
“Be careful, my love!” Nana said. She grabbed the children’s hands, gave him a last glance, and watched as he called out to Naesse.
“Naesse, will you give it up you foolish loser? You cannot defeat me. I’m your better in every way. Let’s look at the proof - we come here with no weapons, no knowledge of your world and yet we defeat you. You are pathetic, a wretch. Can you even tell me who your parents are? Did they abandon you as a child? Is that is why you are so bitter? Or were they ashamed of what they brought into Celahir?”
The last words caught Naesse’s attention, and he whirled around in fury.
“Are you trying to goad me into action against you human? I can blot you from existence with a thought.”
“So you say, but you fear us. Though we may not understand why we can summon power, we can summon it. We used it to escape you more than once and it frightens you. Do you think we are frightened of you or we are just going to stand by and let you do your will? You are foolish. How can you get Elerosse and Enelya to do your bidding? Don’t they see how weak and pathetic you are?”
Beebop was pushing his luck by insulting the elf, but he was ready to fight. He saw Naesse’s face and his words had the desired effect. Beebop risked a look around him at his family and the Light Elves and saw their shock at his words.
“You go too far human. I have tolerated you, planned to show mercy, and let three of you live. But now, I am rethinking my decision.”
“That is your idea of mercy?” Beebop asked incredulously. “You don’t know what the word means! Mercy isn’t allowing three of us to live while you kill one. True mercy is that I haven’t destroyed you. I will let you live - for now.”
Findecano and the elven scouts were looking at Beebop as if he had finally lost touch with reality. Beebop looked at them, winked, and gave them an almost imperceptible nod. The elves didn’t know what his plan was, but they would help him.
“You take many chances, human,” Naesse sneered. “Perhaps I should demonstrate what power over life and death truly is.”
Naesse turned and selected an orc from the crowd behind him and gestured at it. The orc rose into the air, arms and legs flailing. Naesse twirled his hand, and the orc twisted in the air. Naesse raised the terrified beast higher above the ground until the audience could barely see it and then pointed to the ground. The orc dropped like a stone and headed straight for the earth. The beast howled as it rushed toward the ground.
Beebop and the others watched in horror as the orc was about to be smashed into the dirt. Beebop stole a glance at Naesse and the two Drow and they had looks of euphoria at the orc’s impeding death. Just as the helpless orc was to hit the ground, its downward motion stopped. Everyone gasped, and the orc stood upright a few feet above the ground. The creature then settled lightly to the forest floor.
Naesse looked around him, eyes blazing with fury. “Who dares interfere with me? I will kill whoever interrupted me!”
“I did it,” Beebop said, seizing an opportunity to antagonize Naesse. “As I told you, I can summon power equal to or greater than yours. Do you still doubt my abilities?” Beebop’s declaration stunned Naesse and the two Drow.
Naesse swallowed hard and then pointed at Beebop and said, “I have been lenient with you but now you leave me no choice. Prepare to die.”
Naesse began an incantation, but before he got into the spell, Beebop broke from the group, rushed the elf, and tackled him. The elf was stronger than Beebop, but the surprise and Beebop’s superior weight and momentum brought the elf crashing to the ground. Naesse’s minions crowded around the two combatants, temporarily forgetting the rest of the captives. The prisoners took advantage of the distraction, and turned, and ran from the melee. They made it to the edge of the forest and scattered among the trees. Everyone peered around the trees and saw the devil- dogs noticed their absence and barked loudly, but they stayed near the fight. A break in the figures crowding around the fight showed them Beebop was still struggling with Naesse. In the moonlight, they saw Beebop lift the elf and slam him to the ground. Beebop landed a punch to the side of Naesse’s head and pulled the pouch containing the Carnelian from the elf’s belt. Naesse was lying on the ground, stunned. Beebop ran toward the kelpie, leaped upon its back, and dug his heels into the horse’s flanks. Startled, the kelpie broke into a gallop towards the river, Beebop holding the reins in one hand and the pouch in the other. The devil-dogs were in hot pursuit of the fleeing horse, but they were no match for the speed of the kelpie. The kelpie tore through the woods and, when the riverbank loomed ahead of it, leaped the rocks. Beebop still astride its back, the monster splashed in the middle of the fast flowing water. Forgotten during Beebop’s escape, the group huddled in the trees clearly heard the sound of the kelpie hitting the river. It was everything Findecano and the others could do to keep Nana from running out and trying to find Beebop. Shocked at the swift disappearance of Beebop, Aidan and Maggie stood ashen-faced and crying.
Findecano looked at them and said, “We must flee this place. Beebop sacrificed himself so we could escape. We must not fail in this.” As the humans protested, he said forcefully, “Beebop would not be pleased if we wasted the chance he has given us. Besides, I believe each of you has a destiny, and his is not to die in this place. Remember, we still hold control over the kelpie and he still has his gemstones. I do not doubt him, but we must go now!”
Nana was loath to leave him to the river and the kelpie, but she realized the wisdom of Findecano’s words and she recalled what Beebop had said about the no-win scenario. She gathered the children in her arms and led them away from the clearing, tears streaming down their cheeks.
The companions made their escape, moving their way carefully through the forest. For lack of any better place to go, they headed for Keeper’s home. They twice had to hide as Naesse’s troops searched for them, once crouching in a cave for almost an hour as the troops wandered back and forth trying to pick up their trail.  The scouts proved their abilities by concealing the trail and hiding them during the pursuit. They talked little during the trek because they didn’t want to give away their position and because talking would only lead to discussions about Beebop and none of them were ready for that. Most of the night passed before Nana and the children quit crying. The elves didn’t know how to comfort them and didn’t want to intrude on their grief. Torn between their wish to help the humans and the need to get away and keep them safe, the elves marched toward Keeper’s on the strength of their indecision. When the night faded into dawn, Findecano called a halt for them to rest and eat breakfast. They spoke very little during the meal and Findecano knew the humans would go no further on this quest. He had to get them home as soon as possible and the first step was getting them to the safety of Keeper’s house. After their mostly silent meal, they packed up and headed out again. A light rain fell, further damping their already dour mood. The rain got steadier and harder and soon lightning flashed in the sky. At least it will help keep us concealed, thought Findecano sourly, as rain dripped from his head. He looked back at the humans, huddled together and stumbling along in the rain. His heart ached for their pain, but he didn’t know how to ease it. Findecano never experienced the pain the humans endured - elves were a stoic race, much more so than humans were, and death was a natural process of life to them. Elves do not love the way humans do, so he had no knowledge on which to base a response. Findecano thought the lack of the depth of love like the humans had diminished the elves. He shook his head and trudged on through the downpour.
The companions were nearing Keeper’s lands when the scouts picked up signs that pursuit was behind them and getting closer. The elves headed through the rain into a small copse of trees and searched desperately for a hiding place. In the distance, even over the noise made by the rain, the howls of the devil-dogs reached their ears. As they stood in the rain, they heard a shuffling noise and looked up to see the trees moving toward them, limbs outstretched. Before they could react, the limbs grabbed them and drew them inexorably toward the tree trunks. As she struggled to get free, Nana’s last thought was how much she missed Beebop. Then, the tree drew her in and her world went dark.
Nana awoke, or thought she did, but she didn’t see her hands or feel her feet. She tried to open her eyes, but, if they were open, she could see nothing. Nana struggled, panic stricken, because she could not move. Nothing helped, so she stopped struggling and noticed the silence surrounding her. Finally, a voice in her head said, “Please stop struggling. You are safe as is the rest of your party.”
Nana tried to speak using her voice but found she could not. She used her mind voice then, saying in return, “Who are you and where am I?”
The voice answered, “We are the treemen. We noticed your peril and assisted. We drew each of your party into a tree. Those who pursue you will not find you. It pains us to help the elves, since they use trees to make their bows, light fires, and build houses. We have seen the intentions of your enemies are worse than what the Light Elves do to us, so we chose to aid you. We, too, have felt the change in our world as the balance has shifted to a darker and more sinister one.”
“Am I talking to a tree?” Nana asked in wonder.
“Yes, you are. Trees are living things just as you are, so why is it surprising we can communicate?”
“It just isn’t done in my world,” Nana spoke in her mind.
“Nonetheless, what I say is true. I will return you to the outside world now. Your pursuers have long since departed, but we kept you safe for a time in case they returned. Our brothers far away tell us the Drow are searching for you near them, so you should be safe enough for now.”
“I don’t know how to thank you for helping us. We might have perished without your aid,” Nana said in her mind.
“Complete your quest and restore balance to the world and it will be thanks enough. We bid you peace and goodbye.”
Nana found herself standing in the copse of trees, the rain still pouring. Aidan and Maggie each materialized from a nearby tree looking astonished and awed. Soon, the elves reappeared and the group, minus Beebop, reunited.
Findecano looked at each of the group, assessing them for injuries and found none. Refreshed, ready to travel, and strangely at peace, Nana broke their silence and said, “Well, that was weird!”
The rest of the group looked at her for a long moment then everyone talked at once.
Findecano waved his hands to silence them and said, “I want to talk about this, but we better move along to Keeper’s while we have the chance.”
Nana opened her mouth to protest, but realized he was right. She grabbed her grandchildren in a big hug and followed the elves out of the trees and back on the trail to Keeper’s house.
Findecano was never more relieved to reach a destination than he was when they finally reached Keeper’s house. Even the usually cantankerous Keeper was subdued and led the small group of visitors into his home in silence. His dogs were in the house, pacing the room, restless to go outdoors. Aidan listlessly petted the dogs. Lucy the ferret ran into the room and climbed into the chair with Maggie. She put the ferret in her lap and stroked its fur. As she stroked Lucy, fresh tears ran down her cheeks. Aidan saw her crying and his tears flowed, too. Nana barely kept her tears in check. Keeper, seeing their pain, decided it was time to eat and distract the humans from their grief.
Keeper had prepared a delicious stew and fresh bread and served each of them a steaming bowl. Surprisingly, they ate, even the children, and felt better. The children looked exhausted and Keeper showed them beds where they could sleep. Once they settled in the beds, Keeper returned to the room with the elves and Nana. He sat and looked at Nana closely, then asked in a gentle voice, “Can you tell me what happened or do you want me to ask the elves?”
Nana swallowed hard, but she answered steadily, “I will tell you, but it may take me a while. This will be difficult for me.”
She wiped her eyes on a cloth Keeper had provided.
“Are the children asleep?” Nana asked.
“Yes,” Keeper said. “I put a dash of powder in their bowls of stew. It will help them sleep without dreaming - which may be the best thing for them. The powder may be the best thing for you, too, my dear.”
Nana nodded her head, for once agreeing she needed rest. Sleep would elude her without medicinal help, so she might as well tell Keeper what she knew of the events surrounding Beebop’s disappearance. Nana related the entire episode beginning with Naesse’s host appearing. She told him everything, including Beebop’s physical attack on Naesse and his ride on the kelpie’s back, ending with the monster’s splash in the river. Nana cried many times during her narrative, and Keeper waited patiently for her to continue each time. The rain tapered off to a fine mist, and the fire in Keeper’s fireplace burned to embers by the time Nana completed her tale. Keeper asked every question he could think to ask. He showed particular interest in the kelpie’s bridle, which Findecano had tucked away in his pack. Keeper took it from the pack and turned it repeatedly, looking at the markings on the bridle and muttering to himself. He went to a bookcase, pulled out an ancient looking tome, and flipped through the dusty pages. The dust must have tickled his nose as he let loose a huge sneeze. He apologized and went back to flipping through the pages. Keeper stopped toward the back of the book and ran his finger down the page. He muttered to himself again and snapped the book shut. He left it on the table, came back over by the fire, and sat in his chair.
Keeper stared at the ceiling for a moment than said, “This bridle is a most interesting item. It has inherent malevolent magic of a kind I do not recognize. The possessor’s mind triggers the magic. While the magic might be turned into a benevolent kind, I fear it might have far-reaching consequences that are most difficult, if not impossible, to determine. This item cannot go wandering freely throughout the world as it may cause much mischief. I have a safe place where I can store it and where it cannot do any harm.”
“Keeper, Nana did not tell you this part of the story, since it was after we left the campsite, but the devil-dogs pursued us and the treemen saved us from detection,” Findecano said.
The revelation startled Keeper, and he questioned the elves sharply about the circumstances. The elves couldn’t tell him much since the trees didn’t talk to them.
Keeper looked at Nana and she said, “I spoke with the tree that hid me. At least I think I did. The conversation was in my mind, so I might have imagined it. The tree said it didn’t like the Light Elves very much because they use trees to make bows and build houses. They dislike even more the changes wrought in the world and hold the Drow responsible. For those reasons, the trees saved us from our pursuers.”
“This is most curious,” Keeper said, stroking his long white beard. “I have never heard of treemen saving anyone - and certainly not talking to their captives. Celahir’s imbalance must be worse than we thought for the trees to take conscious action. Still, I am thankful for the help.”
Keeper shook his head and then looked at Nana and asked, “My dear, would you take a pinch of powder and sleep?”
Nana nodded her agreement, and he poured her a glass of cold water and put a tiny amount of a powder into the cup. She drank it, bid the elves and Keeper good night, and headed to the children’s room where Keeper had made a bed for her. The elves went off to separate chambers. Keeper poked his head into the room and bid Nana a good night one more time. She suspected he wanted to check on her. Nana didn’t bother to undress, but lay on the bed fully clothed knowing she wouldn’t be able to sleep a wink even with the powder Keeper had given her. Tears flowed as she gazed at her two grandchildren who now wouldn’t have their Beebop to watch them grow. Nana cried as sleep overtook her exhausted mind.
Nana didn’t sleep long, and it surprised her she slept. She sat up in the bed and ran her fingers through her hair trying to identify the sound that roused her. It came again, a distant rattle. Nana rose in the semi-darkness, checked the children to make sure they were okay and still sleeping, and silently left the room. She walked cautiously through the dimly lighted house and found Keeper still seated near the fire. The blaze burned to glowing embers. Nana glanced out the window and saw the rain was falling again.
She turned to Keeper and asked, “What was that noise? It sounded like something rattling outside.”
Keeper looked perplexed.
“I heard nothing, but then I have been searching my books for answers to what Naesse is planning.”
Nana crooked an eyebrow at him and he continued, “I have answered nothing, in case you were wondering.”
“Where are the elves?” she asked.
“I do not know. The scouts talked among themselves and then went out into the night without telling Findecano or me where they were going or why they were leaving. I suspect Alatariel and his sisters are returning from whatever task they went to perform.”
As if on cue, there was a knock at the door and then it swung open. The scouts entered, dripping wet and cursing. Keeper took a long look at them, scolded them for getting his floors wet, and went to fetch cloths for them to dry themselves. The scouts looked sheepishly at Keeper and gratefully accepted the cloths. After drying off, they moved over to the fire and tossed logs on it. Sparks shot up the chimney, and the heat increased rapidly. Soon their clothes were steaming as they dried. When they had dried, Keeper brought in mugs of water and a tray of fruit for snacking. He then asked were they had been and what they had been doing.
Alatariel answered, “We went to the river to see if there was any sign of Beebop. We found nothing, which could be a good thing.”
Nana looked up and asked frostily, “How is finding nothing a good thing?” Alatariel suddenly looked uncomfortable and stared at the floor, so Keeper answered for him.
“The research Beebop provided to Findecano indicates the kelpie will eat its victims, leaving only the liver or the heart to float back to shore. Since they did not find either, hope is not lost.”
Nana paled and looked as if she was going to be sick. She sat back, closed her eyes, and took several large deep breaths.
“I am sorry to have to tell it to you this way, but I thought you should know the truth,” Keeper added.
Nana simply nodded her head, numb to everything at this point.
“I need to go check on the children,” Nana said flatly. She rose from the chair and stumbled to the room where the children slept.
When she disappeared into the bedroom and shut the door behind her, Alatariel stared at Keeper and asked angrily, “Why did you tell her so bluntly? Humans are not elves. They do not always react to horrible news with stoicism.”
“Would you have me tell her that her beloved husband drowned and was food for the fish in the river? There was no easy way to tell her either scenario so I told the worst possible outcome. Nana had to find out sooner or later,” Keeper said defensively, unused to anyone challenging his actions.
The elves fell silent as the bedroom door opened and Nana, Aidan, and Maggie came into the room.
Nana looked at them and asked in a quiet voice, “Can we go home today. I don’t believe we can stand to stay in this world another day. We need to get away from Celahir!”
Keeper and the scouts looked at one another, not knowing how to answer.
“Of course you can go home,” Findecano spoke from across the room. “I shall take you there myself. We need to gather provisions, eat breakfast, and then we will be on our way. Keeper, if you could make a batch of your porridge, I will help them pack their few belongings.”
Keeper nodded, relieved Findecano was awake and had an answer for the humans. He hustled off to the kitchen to make up the porridge while Findecano went to the humans’ bedroom to help them pack.
Packing only took a few minutes, so they washed their faces and hands and talked before Keeper summoned them to eat. The porridge was like oatmeal and was quite tasty, but the humans had no appetite and ate little. Findecano and Keeper urged them to eat, but they politely refused and pushed their bowls aside, clearly ready to go. Nana was eager to leave, but apprehensive about what would happen when they got back home. The elves and Keeper finished their breakfast, hurrying so the humans could be on their way. As they removed the dishes from the table and the humans grabbed their packs, knock sounded on Keeper’s door. The elves immediately went into a defensive stance, spreading out across the room and flanking the door. Keeper wasn’t expecting any visitors, and his dogs hadn’t barked or growled, but the elves weren’t taking any chances of a surprise visit from Naesse or his henchmen. When they were in position, Keeper opened the door and gaped in surprise. Beebop, soaking wet and exhausted, stood there swaying slightly in the wind. There was dead silence as the shock of his arrival overwhelmed them.
Finally, after a few moments of stunned silence, Beebop asked wearily, “Could I come in out of the rain?”





Chapter 12
 
 
 
Beebop entered Keeper’s house and sat heavily in the nearest chair, wet clothes making a squishing noise as he sat. Everyone crowded around, Aidan and Maggie jumped into his chair, landed on his lap and hugged him around his neck, both crying. Beebop broke into tears himself as he hugged his grandchildren. When they calmed a little, he rose from the chair and wrapped Nana in a hug. She cried into his shoulder as he hugged her tight, his eyes flowing, too. Nana stopped crying for a moment and lifted her head from his shoulder to look him in the eyes. As they gazed at each other, they dissolved into tears again, which set Aidan and Maggie off again and they ended up in a group hug.
The elves, unused to emotional displays, were at a loss how to react. Keeper watched an amused smile on his ancient weathered face. Finally, after about ten minutes, the humans stopped crying and broke up the group hug. Beebop, swaying again on his feet, needed to sit and rest. Keeper brought him a mug of water and a bowl of porridge, which he accepted with a grateful smile. Everyone was burning with questions, but they realized he needed to eat and regain his strength, so they waited impatiently while he ate. Beebop ate a bowl quickly and sat back, hunger put at bay for a while.
After a large gulp of water, he looked up, and said, “I suppose you are wondering how I got here and what happened back at the river. It’s an amazing story - one I can scarcely believe myself.”
Beebop paused for a moment to collect his thoughts and then continued.
“You saw what I did to antagonize Naesse and then I attacked him. We fought for a while, and then I grabbed the pouch with the Carnelian. I jumped on the back of the kelpie and we outran the devil-dogs to the river and hit the water. You know that part of the story. Here is where it gets interesting.”
Beebop paused again and took a big drink from the mug of water.
“Once we hit the water, the kelpie dove for the bottom of the river. I was still astride the beast, but I had concentrated on my aquamarine and created an air bubble right after we hit the water. The kelpie reached the bottom and tried to eat me. The air bubble protected me and the monster couldn’t pierce it - despite its best efforts to the contrary. After a while, the kelpie gave up and, as I suspected from how easily Naesse slid from its back, released me and I walked along the bottom of the river. The kelpie and I walked along together and he led me to his lair. I went inside and we sat and had a long talk.”
Keeper sputtered and asked, “Why would you want to talk with the kelpie? The kelpie is an awful beast with a long history of killing inhabitants of not just Celahir, but your world, too. What could you have discussed?”
Beebop smiled grimly and answered, “At the risk of sounding sympathetic to the monster, we talked about its life and how Naesse tricked it into helping. The kelpie is a pitiful creature who acts as its nature dictates. In the normal world, a snake is not evil when it bites someone; it is acting as nature intended. Naesse lectured us on the same topic when we visited Elessar Melwasul. He might have even used the same words. The kelpie is much the same - a creature created by dark forces. I say created because it told me it simply appeared one day.”
Keeper snorted, his face red with indignation, and muttered, “Why do my books not hold this knowledge? Where did the beast originate?”
“The kelpie didn’t say, but from what I gathered, the beast is a devil-spawned creature. It has but one purpose: to collect souls and give them to its master. While Naesse had minimal control over it, its real master was more in control than he was. Since the goals of Naesse and the kelpie’s true master are not in conflict, its master allowed Naesse to think he controlled the beast. Once the beast freely gave us the bridle, we had greater control over it than even its master did. For that reason, the kelpie helped me escape by leaping into the river. The monster still wanted to collect my soul for his true master, but since the air bubble protected me, he wasn’t able. While the Drow and Naesse searched, the kelpie, and I waited. The longer we waited, the farther away they would be when we surfaced. We also waited so their focus was on me and gave you more time to escape. I figured you would head for Keeper’s since it’s likely the only safe place within Celahir for any of us right now.”
“But you made us think you drowned, or worse,” Aidan said angrily.
“I’m very sorry for that, but I hoped Nana realized when I mentioned the kobayashi maru she knew I had a plan to get out of what appeared to be a hopeless situation. Besides, if they captured you again, and Naesse believed I was dead, I might have had a chance to rescue you. I considered that if Naesse recaptured you, he might let you go when he realized I was no longer with you. While it was extreme, but I couldn’t risk letting Naesse have a real chance at attacking us. We have powers due to the gemstones we carry - thanks to Findecano and Alatariel - but we might not  have survived what Naesse had in mind for us. Naesse is eager to understand how we can harness powers that are not usually available to humans. From things the kelpie told me, Naesse wants to shred the power of the barrier and spread the way of the Drow to our world. I believe the barrier is now very weak thanks to Naesse and his plans. The barrier’s weakness is why we could teleport from our world and why Naesse captured us with the red thrall in our home. Overcoming the barrier is a matter of having enough power. Apparently, the gemstones give us that much power.”
“What do you mean the way of the Drow?” Alatariel asked.
“According to the kelpie, the Drow are a very chaotic society. Their queen rules with an iron fist using fear and ruthlessness. She has no compunction about sending agents to do destruction - even at the loss of their lives. The Drow fear the queen more than they fear death, so they perform these acts hoping to gain favor. The Drow are a war-like people and intrigue and subterfuge are the very breath of their existence. They are an extremely patient people, whose plans extend out into the centuries. Their goal remains a mystery, but the theft of the Elven Bow gems certainly helps their cause.”
“How does Naesse fit into the equation?” Keeper inquired.
“Naesse is the offspring of a Drow and a Wood Elf, according to the kelpie – Naesse told it the story himself. Wood Elves are cousins of the Light Elves,” Beebop explained to Nana, Aidan, and Maggie. “Because of his Drow blood, the Light Elves didn’t accept him, nor did the Wood Elves. The Drow saw the anger at the Wood and Light Elves in his mind and they exploited it. They made Naesse hate his Wood Elf half and instilled a desire to destroy those who rejected him. The Dark Elves taught him the ways of the Light Elves. They taught him to exploit the trusting nature of the elves. Their first effort to destroy the Light Elves was to send Enelya and Elerosse to the elves as emissaries during the height of their Midsummer Celebration. The Light Elves, as Findecano told us, know how to throw a celebration. Enelya and Elerosse used the celebration, stole the gemstones from the Elven Bow, and replaced them with inferior stones. The reduced influence of the Elven Bow gemstones allowed Naesse to gather power and become the head of the Elven Council.”
“What puzzles me,” Keeper mused, “is how Naesse consolidated his power and made this power play. From my understanding of the Drow and its society, the Spider Queen rules absolutely. Besides the Drow, no one knows much about the Spider Queen, but legend says she and a few chosen priestesses control the vast underground realm of the Drow. She seeks to expand her power and ruthlessly crushes any who oppose her. For Naesse to take powerful position that challenges the Spider Queen is a bold move indeed.”
“I don’t know about the Spider Queen, but from things the kelpie told me, Naesse is doing this on his own with help from Enelya and Elerosse. The kelpie told me Naesse approached it and made an offer. The deal was Naesse gave it more power and territory to hunt for victims in exchange for safeguarding the Carnelian. Given what the kelpie said about the Queen of the Drow, it’s unlikely Naesse could pull this off on his own. My guess is the Spider Queen is behind all of this.”
“But Beebop,” said Aidan. “You still haven’t told us how you escaped the kelpie.”
“Sorry, Aidan, I’ll get to that now. As I was saying, the kelpie, and I hid out in his lair for a while before Naesse and the others moved away from us. The kelpie told me Naesse told it our names. That’s how it knew what to call you when it discovered you on the night we captured it. I assume Naesse finally decided I drowned, and they went hunting for you. I find it odd they didn’t contact the kelpie to determine my fate. When they finally moved on from the river, the kelpie surfaced first and looked around for any searchers. When it saw no sign of the Drow, the kelpie returned and I went to the surface. We said our farewells, and I began my trek here. The search parties hunted me, and I had to hide a couple of times to avoid them, but I eventually made it. Since we hold its bridle, the kelpie had to obey me, so I didn’t really escape from it, but it did help me avoid the Drow. I suppose I could have ridden it here, but that might have drawn attention to me, and where I wanted to go. Even though we hold the bridle, I didn’t want to press my luck with the kelpie, either. I made sure I didn’t use power from the gemstones and leave a trail for Naesse to follow. Naesse must have an idea where we would go, though, since few places are safe for us.”
“My lands are sealed from prying eyes,” Keeper said. “Although not a Light Elf, I do possess magical ability and have made my homestead safe from Drow and other creatures aligned with them. This is how Beebop, unbeknownst to me, entered my lands and returned to us. The safeguards would not stop a human.”
When the elves looked at him in surprise, Keeper chuckled and asked, “What? Did you think only elves used magic? Look around you, Findecano. Humans are using magic drawn from their gemstones and you have the bridle of the kelpie. Why should my ability to use magic be so surprising?”
Findecano stared at Keeper and said hotly, “You do not think your use of magic is a surprise to us? You told us nothing about yourself and have been a less than gracious host in the past. In the time I have known you, never have you shown any magical ability.”
“Each time I saw you in years past, you were a nuisance. I certainly did not have time to tell you my life story, nor do magic tricks to amuse you,” Keeper replied crossly.
Beebop saw Findecano draw a breath to respond and thought it was time to change the conversation, so he asked, “What happened with you on the way here?”
“We were trees,” Maggie said matter-of-factly. Beebop looked at her incredulously.
Nana jumped in to explain and gave him a quick summary, “We were fleeing from the pursuit of Naesse and company and we did a good job of avoiding them thanks to the skills of Alatariel, Lotheth, and Luthien. As we got closer to Keeper’s lands, the devil-dogs caught our trail and closed in on us. We heard them barking in the distance and we dashed into a copse of trees to escape them,” Nana shuddered as she remembered the howls of the devil-dogs.
“Just as we were about to be discovered, the treemen captured us and literally drew us into the trees. We became part of the tree. The treemen don’t like the Light Elves, but they are much more concerned with the imbalance in the world than they are about helping elves.”
Beebop shook his head and decided to wait until they got home to find out how it felt to be a tree.
Instead, he said, “I think it’s time for us to leave here and go home.” Nana and the grandchildren nodded eagerly. “Well, then, let’s get started. Findecano, how long will it take us to reach the barrier?”
Keeper and Findecano eyed each other with hostility, but neither wanted to continue their argument right now. The look in Keeper’s eyes told Beebop they would revisit their conversation once the humans had returned home. He was glad he temporarily diverted the argument.
“The trip to the barrier should take half a day. With the rain, it might take longer. Keeper, can you seal the path to the barrier from prying eyes?” Findecano asked.
“I can seal it until you reach the borders of my land. Beyond there, you will have to use the skills of the scouts to keep you undetected. My lands extend to half of your journey.”
Findecano nodded and replied, “Thank you for the help. As we saw on our journey here, the scouts are adept at concealing us, so I have no worries on that end.” He turned to the humans and asked gently, “Are you up to traveling, Beebop? I realize you are tired from your trek from the river and have not had time to rest.”
Beebop looked up and answered tiredly, “I am tired, but I can travel. I’m as anxious as anyone to get home.” Beebop stood, embraced Keeper, and said, “Keeper, I have no way to repay you for keeping my family safe here. All I can do is thank you.”
Keeper looked flustered as Beebop released him and Nana took his place, giving him a big hug. She echoed Beebop’s thanks in a soft whisper. For a moment, Keeper’s ancient face screwed up as if he would cry, but he blinked and mastered his emotions. Maggie and Aidan hugged him and told him thanks and goodbye.
Maggie looked around and saw Lucy peering from behind a book on the bookshelf. She picked the ferret up, handed her to Keeper, and said, “Will you make sure she doesn’t follow us? If she did, I’m not sure I could send her back, and she needs to be here with you.”
Keeper took the animal, held it, and nodded his head.
Suddenly, with the goodbyes said, it was time to leave. Everyone shuffled to the door and saw the rain had stopped and a watery sunshine was trying to break through the clouds. Beebop took it as a good sign for their journey.
Beebop turned to Keeper and asked, “Keeper, I want to take the kelpie’s bridle with me. I promised the beast to return it once we were free of this world. The kelpie is a menace to your world more so than mine, but I gave my word. Besides, without his help, I would never have escaped.”
Keeper looked surprised at the request, but he didn’t argue. He put Lucy inside the door, retrieved the bridle and handed it wordlessly to Beebop, who slung it over his shoulder.
Beebop looked at his family and friends and said, “Please keep this safe from Naesse until Findecano and the scouts can recover the remaining gemstones.”
Beebop handed Keeper the Carnelian, still enclosed in Naesse’s pouch. Keeper opened the bag and stared at the beautiful reddish-orange gemstone gleaming in the pouch. Keeper examined the smooth cabochon jewel, and he saw the image of the sacred elven script that decorated the flawless curved surface of the stone. Findecano gaped at the recovered stone, unaware until this moment Beebop had retrieved it from the kelpie and Naesse. Findecano looked as if it was his turn to cry as he and the scouts crowded around Keeper to stare at the Carnelian.
“Now, let’s go home!” declared Beebop.
Without a look back at Keeper, who was still studying the Carnelian, Beebop strode toward the woods. The rest of his party followed him, resolutely not looking back. Keeper looked up from the Carnelian and watched them go expressionlessly. Once they were out of sight, he went into his house and firmly shut the door, as if ending a story.
The companions headed through the woods, undisturbed by any wandering marauders. Keeper had been true to his word and had sealed his lands against Naesse and any of his minions. Without the falling rain and worries about adversaries, the group made good time. As they approached the edges of Keeper’s lands, Alatariel sent his sisters ahead to scout the area and find a suitable route for them to travel safely to the barrier. While they scouted around, Alatariel called a rest and they gratefully took a seat on rocks or fallen logs. Everyone took gulps of water from the waterskins the elves carried and ate a quick meal of mimusops. The water and the fruit worked their magic and everyone soon felt refreshed and ready to resume their trek. The sisters returned and led them along a path through the woods. After a couple more hours of walking, they reached a cave set into a hillside. Alatariel entered first and found a torch set into a niche in the wall. He lighted the torch and checked the rest of the cave to make sure it was safe for the others to enter. When he had ensured it was safe, he returned to the cave entrance and motioned for them to enter. Findecano went to the rear of the cave and began the incantations to allow them to cross the barrier. While he performed his spell, Beebop, Nana, Aidan, and Maggie said their goodbyes to the elven scouts, then headed deeper into the cave to cross the barrier. Findecano was standing next to a shimmering wall and motioned for them to cross. When they had crossed, he followed them through the barrier. The group left the cave and arrived in their own world. Beebop took a deep breath of the air and found it had lost its almost tangible freshness from Celahir.
“It is good to be back in our world!” Nana said happily.
The group headed toward their house, walking carefully in full sunshine and avoiding shadowy areas - just in case Naesse or his cohorts might attack them. They made it to the house without incident and cautiously approached the door. Beebop went in first and checked the house from top to bottom. He found nothing amiss, so he headed outside to collect his family and let Findecano get back to Celahir. Beebop invited Findecano into the house, but the elf shook his head.
Findecano said, “My friends, I must return to Celahir. Since you have successfully retrieved the missing carnelian, I fear Naesse will accelerate his schedule. I must continue my efforts to return the missing gemstones. I hope I can leave you in peace and untroubled by my world again. You have done us a great service, and I will make sure your names figure prominently in the lore of the Light Elves. I am truly blessed to have known such brave and resourceful companions.”
Findecano embraced each of them and then turned and melted into the woods. Beebop put his arm around Nana’s shoulders and lead her into the house, Aidan and Maggie trailing wearily behind them.
Once in the house, Beebop made the children and Nana go get into a hot shower. Beebop loaded a shotgun and a pistol and sat at the foot of the stairs, ready to fight anything that might appear. Beebop remembered Findecano told him his weapons weren’t effective against creatures of magic, but he would give it a shot – no pun intended.  He worried for nothing as his family finished their showers and came downstairs, clean and refreshed, but still dog-tired. Beebop handed the shotgun to Nana - she had been a competition skeet shooter years ago and could certainly handle the weapon - and he kept the pistol and went upstairs to take a shower of his own.
He had a quick shower, not wanting to be apart from his family for any length of time. Beebop felt better after the shower and put on clean clothes. He picked up his pistol, checked the safety, stuck it in the waistband of his jeans, and headed downstairs to rejoin his family. Nana stood the shotgun next to her kitchen counter and prepared a meal of hamburgers and French fries. Aidan and Maggie were playing a video game but, after their recent adventures, the video game just wasn’t as appealing as it had been. The back door still showed the signs of damage from Yul’s forceful entry. He saw a small indentation in the wall where Artanis hit it after Naesse’s blast threw him across the room. He could patch the damage and there would be no evidence it ever happened. Beebop went into the office and switched on the computer. It startled him to see only four days had passed in this world while a few weeks had passed in Celahir. He pondered the fact and wondered if that was why the elves lived such long lives compared to humans. Beebop browsed the internet for a few more minutes until Nana called them for supper. They headed to the table and sat, said the blessing, and dug into the delicious food. This is how life is supposed to be, Beebop thought. The family finished eating and Beebop, falling back into his familiar routine, cleared the table and cleaned the kitchen. Chores done, he went into the living room and collapsed into his recliner and smiled at Nana, mouthing, “I love you” to her. She smiled back and responded with a blown kiss and an “I love you” back. Aidan and Maggie began a good-natured argument over the video game and everything was back to normal. Beebop lay back in his recliner and fell sound asleep.
Beebop woke up a few hours later, roused by a sound. He leaped to his feet and grabbed the pistol that had slipped from his waistband while he slept. Beebop looked around trying to identify the sound that had awakened him. It was nearly dark but he could see Nana, Aidan, and Maggie had fallen asleep on the couches. He left them sleeping, and quietly went from room to room, gun drawn and at the ready. Beebop went through the entire house, including the basement and couldn’t find any source of the noise. He went back to the kitchen and peered out the windows at the back yard. Seeing nothing there, he continued around the house, checking the windows to see if there was any movement or cause for the sound. He found nothing. Puzzled, he returned to the living room and woke the others. Beebop turned on the lights and then switched on the outside floodlights to illuminate the yard and exterior of the house. It was still not completely dark - Beebop had one thing he wanted to do before it was completely dark, and he felt his family should be involved. Then he heard the sound that had awakened him. It was his cell phone, set on vibrate, that was bouncing across the tabletop of the end table next to his recliner. Beebop picked up the device and said hello and smiled, then handed the phone to Aidan.
“Aidan, it’s your mother. They just got home from camping and this is the first chance she has had to give you guys a call.”
Aidan took the cellphone, activated the speaker, and held the phone so both he and Maggie could listen and talk. Surprisingly, neither mentioned their recent adventures in Celahir. Beebop was glad since he didn’t know how he would explain the whole episode to their mother. The children talked to their mom for a few more minutes, relating some very bland details about playing video games and hunting for rocks, jet skiing, and a little tubing on the river. They told her good night and that they would see her in a few days.
“Love you Mom!” they said in unison and then they passed the phone to Nana.
Nana chatted with their daughter Laura for a few minutes, then she too, said goodbye and hung up the phone.
“Thanks for not telling your mother what we have been doing for the past few days. She would probably be angry and worried over what happened,” Beebop said.
“Beebop, we aren’t dumb. Mom would have a fit if she knew we had almost died and mythical creatures had chased us. She’d think we went crazy or something. Maggie and I decided to leave it to you and Nana to tell her.”
“I knew you were a lot smarter than me,” Beebop said. “Now we have one more thing to do to finish this adventure. We need to go to the river.”
The other three nodded solemnly and waited while he retrieved something from his and Nana’s bedroom. When he returned, they filed out, got into his truck, and headed out toward the river. When they arrived, the sun had disappeared and the full moon was shining brightly off the river. Beebop got out of the truck, followed by the rest of his family. He walked to the riverbank, stood there for a moment staring at the fast moving water, and then looked back at his family standing behind him. Beebop nodded at them and then lifted the kelpie’s bridle. He swung it over his head and let it fly after a few revolutions. The bridle arced over the river, glinting in the moonlight. Just before it splashed into the river, a three-clawed fist, illuminated by the moonlight, rose out of the water, and grasped the bridle. For just a moment, they heard a horse whinnying, and then silence, except for the chirping of the crickets, the croaking of the frogs, and the gurgle of the river as it flowed past them. Beebop nodded at the water, then turned and walked back to his family, hugging them as they got in the truck and headed back to their house.
Beebop looked at Nana and said, “What’s for supper my love?”


***






About The Author


William Stuart is a ten-year veteran of the US Navy Submarine Force, works in the animal health field, and is the proud father of his daughter Laura and grandfather of two wonderful grandchildren. When he isn’t working, he enjoys rock hunting, playing softball, playing golf, and woodworking. He lives in the Greater Atlanta area with Lana, his lovely and adorable wife of over twenty-five years.

Visit the home of The Gemstone Chronicles at http://www.williamlstuart.com/ and find out more about the books, gemstones, and read reviews and other interesting things!
You can connect with William on social media, too! He is on Twitter, Facebook, Smashwords, and Goodreads! Stop by and say hi!







The Gemstone Chronicles Series


If you enjoyed The Gemstone Chronicles Book One: The Carnelian, please consider leaving a review. And don’t forget to read the rest of the series!

The Gemstone Chronicles Book Two: The Amethyst
In Celahir, the magical land where the Light Elves and the Dark Elves live, the four gemstones of the Elven Bow have been stolen by the Dark Elves. Without those gemstones, the barrier between the human world and Celahir is deteriorating and the balance between good and evil in both worlds is tipping toward evil.
Aidan, Maggie, Nana, and Beebop recovered the first of the gemstones, the Carnelian, with help from their Light Elf friends during their first trip to Celahir. Now, the stakes are even higher when the elves return to the human world to ask for help recovering the second gemstone, the Amethyst, and the humans discover that Mike – Aidan and Maggie’s father – has been kidnapped by the evil elf Naesse
The humans, accompanied by Aidan and Maggie’s mother, Laura, return to Celahir to rescue Mike and recover the Amethyst. All they have to do is defeat the giant that guards the gemstone…

The Gemstone Chronicles Book Three: The Emerald
Aidan, Maggie, Nana, Beebop, and their elven friends have recovered the first two of four gemstones stolen from the Elven Bow. With the second stone - the Amethyst - protected by the Elven Scouts Alatariel and Lotheth and on its way to Keeper for safekeeping, the rest of group heads deeper into Celahir to rescue Aidan and Maggie’s father, Mike, from the clutches of the witch Maeva and to recover the third gemstone - the Emerald.
After a fateful encounter at Maeva’s house, the witch turns everyone, except Aidan and Maggie, into stone statues to decorate her lawn. With the help of Dylan - a ghost boy they met in the village of Fearn - the children have to muster all of the courage and ingenuity they possess to find a way to retrieve the witch’s heart from its hiding place and trade it for their family and friend’s freedom. If they can do that, then they might be able to find the third gemstone by defeating the cockatrice...

The Gemstone Chronicles Book Four: The Ruby
The Dark Elves are on the march, the barrier between the magical world of Celahir and the human world has almost vanished, and the Spider Queen is consolidating her power. Despite the fact that three of the four stolen Elven Bow gemstones have been recovered, the Light Elves are fighting a losing battle in Celahir.
Nana, Beebop, Aidan, and Maggie are ignorant of these developments as Christmas break begins. However, they start seeing ravens everywhere, a dragon lands on the roof and then chases them down the road, and they are about to be incinerated when the Elven Scout Alatariel and his sisters rescue them. Escaping on the backs of the legendary Arien - giant falcons that awakened to defend Celahir - they fly off to Celahir.
Things get even worse when they arrive in Celahir and have to recover the final gemstone - the Ruby - from the clutches of a lava monster, save Maggie from the evil elves Enelya and Elerosse, and restore the gemstones to the Elven Bow!


