The Returns of My ambition
BY
Katrina Braxton








Published by Katrina Braxton at smashwords
All rights reserved Copyright 2020 Katrina Braxton












TABLE OF CONTENT:
PROLOGUE/ INTRODUCTION
CHAPTER 1……………………………………….. Ashley joins Braxton College
CHAPTER 2………………………………………… Will I join the unlimited spenders?
CHAPTER 3…………………………………………..Finally I know there biggest secret!
CHAPTER 4…………………………………………….The  most awaited party in college.
CHAPTER 5 …………………………………………….Can  we satisfy the student’s party expectations?
CHAPTER 6………………………………………………My new strategy of growing my bank account
CHAPTER 7………………………………………………Can I sustain my anger for eve and fear to love again?
CHAPTER 8……………………………………………….Having a little fun without the parents.
CHAPTER 9……………………………………………….What is the secret tragedy behind Ursula’s sickness?
CHAPTER 10……………………………………………..The betrayal that led to eve’s death.
CHAPTER 11………………………………………………My rape incident and how it changed my life.
CHAPTER 12………………………………………………Finding comfort and strength in Ursula’s confession about her lifetime tragedy.
CHAPTER 13………………………………………………Learning to embrace my misfortunes and leave with           the returns of my ambition.

PROLOGUE/ introduction:
Ashley joins a new college after their entire family shifting to a new town called brave land town. Her first seatmate at her new college Braxton College, Ursula tells her a lot about the school where she also mentioned a popular group in school called the unlimited spenders. What aroused Ashley’s curiosity was when she was told that when you join them you become rich but none of them knew how they earned their money. Let’s read and see how Ashley’s curiosity led to the returns of her ambition.

Special thanks to the publishers, my friends who supported me and the people who have read and loved my book. Most especially those who have learned something new.

Smash words Edition, license notes;
Thank you for downloading this e-book. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be distributed.




CHAPTER 1
Ashley joins Braxton College

 It was a hazy Monday morning when I started my days at Braxton College. I had to eradicate the idea of our former town and cope up with the new town which we had moved into called “brave land town”. The classrooms of my new college were perfectly varnished which gave them the classy look after all it was one of the successful colleges in town. It was all painted white which meant that their intentions for academic excellence were very pure. We sat on lockers and I was next to a girl called Ursula Bushing ton who became my first friend. She told me a lot about the college so that I would know it better like the events they held, the toughest teachers, the most popular groups where she didn’t leave out the unlimited spenders. Okay Ashley in my opinion was a smart girl, she was taller than me, very pretty and attractive with her curves, and a goddess smile because of her dimples.
         Out of the blue, I asked her about the aloof girls who sat at the back of the class. They were seated facing each other and they laughed a lot with a loud annoying laughter as if they mind about the rest of us. They behaved freaky and annoying like witches as Ursula referred to them. Though I don’t know why she hated them. Ursula told me those are the unlimited spenders she had told me about. She told me they have a lot of money and they only associate amongst themselves. And the nasty thing is that. When u Join there group you become rich.

              I got so astonished and curious about them. I then turned and looked at them for a while.  One of them looked at me and whispered something to the other girls, the next thing I had was there annoying loud laughter. With the look of things, I knew they were intractable. I behaved apathetic and continued talking to Ursula. Seconds turned to minutes, minutes turned to hours and it was Dawn. I grabbed my luggage and followed Ursula outside the classroom. We both sat in the school gardens where most students sat when they were waiting for their parents. Ursula’s mom came first before mine therefore Ursula took me to them so that they can get to know me.
           “Good evening, Mrs. Bushing ton.” I said first. “OH! My dear don’t be so formal you make me feel old you can call me Eva.” Mrs. Bushing ton replied with a smile and a handshake. “You must be cool, Eva.” I replied back to her. She laughed so softly and said, “You must be talkative and corny like my daughter.” I just smiled back and said my goodbye to Ashley and her mom and I went to sit again in the gardens. Since it was my first day, many students looked at me and each had their opinion of me. As I was listening to some music with my headsets, I saw some shadows coming closer to me, to my astonishment it was the unlimited spenders.

                    “Hey, am called Eve and you are by names of?” She asked. “Am Ashley.” I replied articulately and continued with my headsets. “I admire your confidence.” said another girl part of their group. “That’s part of me.” I replied back to her. Then they all laughed out loud. In my mind I was wondering what was funny about what I said. After them giggling, Eve said” we are supplicating that we become friends.” I stood up and said,” it’s okay, but I have to go my dad is waiting.” Then one of them laughed and said,” so your daddy’s girl.” Then they all laughed again as they left me standing and thinking what kind of mean girls are these.
                The next morning, I was getting accustomed to my school. I couldn’t deny the fact that I was predominant by both girls and boys at our college because I was very pretty with a fine waist and my fair skin  just made everything better I used to wear makeup and I had a classy sense of fashion. I used to play basketball just like my seatmate Ursula. This made some girls feel insecure or rather I call it jealousy. I even thought the unlimited spenders would hate me most but to my surprise they treated me well. As days went by, it was genuine that I was joining there group.
                     Ursula kept on telling me, it was mundane to join them. My answer remained the same,” I WOULD NOT JOIN THEM.” I considered Ursula Hilarious and somnolent. Ursula had a boyfriend called Get Whitman. He was hilarious and somnolent like Ursula. He had become my best friend because we were pretty close. He was also a basketballer and he had his best friend called Mark. Mark was a handsome, tall and gentle guy. He was also muscular and broad. When the four of us usually meet up over the weekend at the shopping mall in the centre of the town for movies, it can be my best part of the weekend.
                        This Saturday, we were going to watch a movie again. George gave us the tickets as the four of us walked from our basketball rehearsals. “What is the title?” I asked immediately he gave me my ticket. “Oh you muff! It’s called love meant to be, can’t u read? George replied trying to bully me. Okay George loved bullying me a lot because he is a playful guy .He always loved it when I quarrelled with him. But surprisingly this time I just smiled. So he came close to me and checked my temperature, opened my eyes and he later said, “Are you feeling sick, Ashley? 
                 “Don’t be stupid, I just didn’t fall for your trap this time.” I replied him slapping him hard. Ursula and Mark burst into a loud laughter. Then George started pinching me trying to hide his shame. The two of us started playing again. Ursula them replied still giggling,” it might be Mark that is making her feel shy.”  I then turned to her,” Don’t start! I will start working on you too.” Mark just continued looking at the three of us roasting each other but I could see from the side that he didn’t take his eyes off me. Ashley always loved teasing me about Mark because she thought he had fallen for me. But I used to argue with her a lot about that issue because I couldn’t believe Mark could be over heels in love with me. Mark was admired by many girls in the college but he said no to all of them and didn’t date any of them. So I was wondering which charm I could have on me to make him like me. That’s what I always told Ursula when she started her jokes about him. But we all ended up with the same conclusion” never know.”









CHAPTER 2
WILL I JOIN THE UNLIMITED SPENDERS?

 I Was now making six weeks in my new college. But today as I was in the college café, having my lunch, I was lonely because Ursula was sick again. Okay Ursula was always sick but I didn’t know her sickness she preferred not to talk about it. So luckily the unlimited spenders joined me for lunch. The unlimited spenders and I had become very good friends. We used to talk more often and they liked me because am very funny to begin with. I used to help them study and with assignments because I was one of the brightest kids in class.

              “Can we dine with you?” said Eve who appears to be there leader. I smiled and said,” it’s okay, after all I was lonely.” The unlimited spenders were my friends but I kept my distance. After they all say down, Cleo asked,” How have you found the school?” Cleo was very proud, she was very tall and slim but with a beautiful face and very glowing skin. She was the prettiest in there whole clique. She always used to say words to get on my nerves but I used to give her a dose of her own medicine. I replied insolently, “Not bad, might even be able to get my future husband here.” I said it purposely to annoy Cleo because she is one of the girls that have been drooling over Mark but he constantly rejected her. Her anger towards me is because she thinks me and Mark are together as for her she had failed to get him for over these years.

                    With anger Cleo replied, “Am apathetic to whatever happens to you. She said every bit of that statement word by word trying to make it she clear to me. “Girls, control your selves” Eve said getting up and banging the table. Everyone in the café turned and looked at us. Cleo then stood up and shouted with anger to the other people in the café that, “what are you all looking at? This isn’t a comedy show!, Have even lost my appetite.” She concluded throwing her plate down from the table and modelling away like nothing had happened. Eve tried to call Cleo back but she continued modelling away. I could see it in Eve's eyes that she was fuming with anger. Later after things had cooled down Abit, Denise one of the unlimited spenders said,” I and Georgina are apathetic in this crisis.” She replied sipping her drink. Eve was just stirring up her coffee without saying a word. One thing I knew about Eva was that she hated embarrassments. Eve was Abit short, she had a fine waist, and very curvy and shitty many boys in college wanted to hook up with her but had no chance because she was an expensive girl. 


                  Eve after some time finally said something,” Ashley don’t mind them, am here to propose something to you.” I replied back to her as I was enjoying my hamburger,” ahaaaaa! Am all yours. “Eve first took a sigh and said, “In summary we would like you to join the unlimited spenders.” On hearing this I even chocked and Georgina handed me her juice. “What are you saying?” I replied back to her still coughing. “Eve we are hoping for a yes.” Denise said smiling. Denise is a chubby girl and tall like Cleo. She loved smiling and the good thing about her was that everything on her body was big. “I have so many constraints that make me say no to your proposal.” I replied to her still sipping Georgina’s orange juice. I saw the look in their eyes they were all beseeching that I join there crew.
                  
                    “Can u tell us a hint about those constraints? Georgina asked. Georgina was the most humble in the whole group. She had a soft voice. She always loved high heels like Cleo and she was always chewing gum. In fact some teacher in class calls her a ruminant.” First and foremost, IAM the brightest student in class and joining you will lower my grades. I replied to Georgina. Denise then coughed and smiled saying,” That’s why we need in our group, to help us improve our grades!” she exclaimed. Looking straight in her eyes I told her,” I can still help you by not recruiting in your group. I said touching my chin. Then Eve after watching us as if she was in cinema said,” but think about it Ashley! Don’t u want to become rich? She said with a mocking smile. Coming closer to her face because she was neighbour at that time I said with a mocking smile too,” How do you make your money?” Then they all laughed so hard and Georgina the ruminant said giggling, “secret.” Then they laughed even more. For a moment, I thought to myself these girls are crazy. Eva then Said while still giggling, “all I can say to you daddy’s girl is that not everyone gets this chance. Then she stood up and they all left still laughing….

                   In the evening when classes were done, I walked to Ursula’s home. When I rang the doorbell of their house, her mother opened for me and led me to Ursula’s room upstairs. I knocked on her room door and a faint voice said,” you can come in.” I entered and sat on her bed.” How are you doing?” she replied back she was getting better she in fact convinced me that she will be back at college by next week. “Where’s my mom?” she asked. “She went to get us snacks.” I replied smiling.  Ursula them smiled at me and said,” my sweetheart! I know that smile, I know you have something to tell me, did mark finally propose? I knew it she said lifting her hands up and cheering just like in basketball.” 
                     
                  “But Ursula you’re too much.” I replied back still laughing, but that’s not it. I said and I immediately stopped laughing. “It’s the unlimited spenders again, isn’t it?” Ashley replied turning her face to the window with crossed arms and teary eyes. “Yes dear, it’s those psyches again! Can u imagine they told me to join there group.” I replied back posing with my hands in the waist. “What!” Ursula replied back turning to me with anger and bitterness like I had reminded her of a past event. This time she really cried for sure. I just learned against her and tried calling her down. To be honest I didn’t know why Ursula hated the unlimited spenders so much but I didn’t ask her too. In that moment of sorrow, her mom came with cookies and coke but Ursula refused to eat .she said she just wanted to rest. Then her mom became strange suddenly and asked me,” what did you say to her? Did u mention the unlimited spenders?”

“Yes ma’am, but how did you know them?” I asked. “From Ursula of course, my daughter told me about them some time.” She replied stammering. What could these people be hiding? I thought to myself. I continued eating what Ursula's mom had prepared. Ursula who was still whipping in her blanket said, “There not going to live you that easily, please be careful my sweetheart I don’t want you to face the same fate.” 
                     Her statement aroused my curiosity even more, “what same fate? Can the two of you stop talking in proverbs, myths or whatever . I said with anger standing and looking at them closely. The two of them just stared at each other living me looking like a fool. I grabbed my bag pack and left their house. As I was walking back home, all in thought, I saw the unlimited spenders they were all dressed up walking hand in hand with men entering the café. I hid myself in a huge tree next to the town café. What amused me was that the men were very old some had grey hair even. They looked happy with them. But I continued with my journey, I didn’t give it a lot of importance I thought maybe there friends with them. Who cares? What had taken place at Ashley’s home had captured my thoughts. I went to my mom's bakery which was also in town in fact it was one of the reasons why we moved to this town. When I arrived, she hugged me and asked, “How has been school?” I replied her Abit grumpy,” the usual”. I replied back to her seating at an empty table.

                 She offered me some cakes and kept attending to customers. I stayed there trying to hide my anger by playing some games on her phone. Me and my mom left at around 8pm .My dad and my younger brother were already home. We rode in my mom's car back home. My mom was a first driver that’s one thing loved about her. She could not accept to settle in traffic jam. She prefers using Dusty roads so that we get home before 9 pm. When we got home I was already tired from my stress and from the potholes from the tarmac roads we encountered. 
                   Tomorrow morning when I got to class, I opened my locker and I found a note saying,” YOU HAVE TO JOIN US.” I didn’t show it to Ursula who had returned to classes today. I always preferred facing my troubles alone. I and Ursula talked and I apologised for my reaction at their house. She forgave me and hugged me saying,” am glad we are okay, I thought I had lost you.” The day ended and nothing unusual happened other than the note I found in my locker.
       
                  The next day as I was from my basketball rehearsals, the unlimited spenders were waiting for me outside. I passed by them like I hadn’t seen them. They continued following me, when I was about to finish the hall way, Eve yelled, Ashley dear, just a minute. I stood still and they approached me. “What’s your answer?” Cleo asked posing as usual. “It’s a no” I smiled at her trying to act confident. Immediately I remembered Ursula’s words there not going to live you that easily. Then Eve said,” my perception is that you’re really stubborn.”  I replied with confidence looking at them straight in their eyes,” can’t you just live me alone? “Just let me give her a good beating, the boys can help us.” Cleo suggested wasn’t surprised with her response what more can someone expect from a girl like her. “Please reconsider.” Denise said with a smile.
                      “I am not interested in joining you; I replied touching my waist, though is curious how do you get your money?” I asked.” Okay I have a better deal, Eva said, Can we be friends even when you’re not part of us? “Better deal.” I said handshaking with Eva. “Do you have a cell phone? Georgina the ruminant asked.” My parents have not bought me one yet they consider it a distraction.” I replied. “Have this one?” Eve said getting and I phone 11 from Cleo's shoulder bag.” Our telephone numbers are already saved there.” Georgina supplicated.  “Thanks.” I replied back to them. I moved out of the hallway but had Cleo say something so I came back behind to ears drop. “Eve why her? Can’t we get another merchandise?” Cleo yelled at Eva. “Your immaturity is tasting my limits, I am the boss here! you either agree with me or leave the group.” Eva yelled back. Then I heard them coming to where I was hiding I ran and hid myself in some classroom next to the hallway. What amused me was the word merchandise because it meant goods or something so I was asking myself merchandise for what. This is getting interesting! I thought to myself.








CHAPTER 3
FINALLY I KNOW THERE BIGGEST SECRET

 Ursula had started keeping a distance from me because I was over hanging out with the unlimited spenders. She complained that I no longer giver her enough time as my best friend. After today’s basketball rehearsals I said to myself that I must speak to her. When we finished, I yelled her name before she left the court. 
           “Ursula, can we have a talk?” I asked her, why are you avoiding me?” she then laughed in a mocking way and said,” it’s it obvious! You’re better off with your new friends. “You’re acting childish! Am still your best friend I just help them with academics.” I tried explaining myself. “Just! Is the word you use, your endangering your life! Those guys are dangerous.” She replied yelling at me. “They are not! Ursula, you just don’t know them that well. I replied back in a calm voice trying to calm the situation down, unless if you know something I don’t! I explained. “I pity you, Ashley Ravine.” She replied with teary eyes then she grabbed her bag pack and she knocked my shoulder hard intentionally as she was walking. I guess that marked the end of our friendship. I stayed at the court crying. Mark later came and me there. He handed his handkerchief to me and said, “I think you need this.” I took it from his hands and started cleaning off my tears I then told him thank you as I was still whipping. “I saw what happened.” He finally said breaking the silence. 
                 “You know mark, I want to understand Ashley, but she refused to tell me why she hates the unlimited spenders.” I said to Mark still crying. “Calm down Ash,” mark replied giving me a tight hug, all will be alright. He continued. For the first time in my life, my Heart beat Soo first for a boy. I felt secure around him I instead held him tighter. He continued telling me everything will be okay as he caressed me and pecked my hair. After a while I asked mark, “What do you feel for me?” I told him looking up into his eyes. He answered me, “you are my world and I want to make you mine.” He then stood up and knelt before me and said, “Will you be my forever?” I was watching him as I was seated touching my mouth with amusement I don’t know I smiled right away got up lifted him from the ground and gave him a hug. I stopped crying right away, could not believe that on such a bad day, something good like Mark would come into my life. 
                 After the long hug we sat down and took a selfie we then updated our status on social media saying we are in a relationship. The comments were too many but nothing could make mark Change his mind. We then left the court holding hands while everyone looked at us.
As days passed by, I was hanging out with the unlimited spenders .I had become a celebrity in school. But the worst thing is that most people started considering me a snob. Ursula disqualified me from our discussion group and talked I’ll about me to other classmates. I was divested with her actions because I once treated her like family but life had to move on. Since me and Ursula had lost communication, I moved my seat to the back next to the unlimited spenders. Cleo moved her locker Abit in front because she claimed she couldn’t stand me. I was bad luck. In her life and so on. When I started dating Mark it was like I had put fuel in the fire. Her anger towards me worsened.
                   Most of the teachers were not happy with my change of seat. They talked to me after classes. But I told them I know what is doing and am comfortable with my decision. So today after classes I was going to find out how the unlimited spenders earned their money. I felt frissoned but I knew it was high time I was enlightened about the truth. After classes I went with them over to their apartment building, we discussed some math as we danced a little. Eva and Cleo were smoking while the rest of us danced. When it was Dawn, I called my mom and told her am sleeping over at my friend’s. She accepted became she trusted these girls so much. After some time, each of them preened themselves and they told me to dress like a maid. I had a strong cenotaph for it but Eve later convinced me. I also wanted to be arrogant like them that time. But Eva told me I be patient. At 9 pm, the doorbell rang I went and opened. It was four men. They looked older than us they doubled our age in fact. I welcomed then with care. Then suddenly one of them laughed saying, “This new maid is also a nice one.” Then they all laughed. I tried my level best to keep calm so I smiled and said, “You may take your seats. “ Hey young girl, get me a lighter? One of the men screamed at me. 
                “Does she know the meaning of a lighter?” replied back one of them. Then they all laughed. I just left the sitting room and went to Eve’s room because I was about to lose my patience. On opening the day, the girls all stood up. They were dressed up like club strippers. Eve wore a short transparent off shoulder dress which could reveal her lingerie. Denise was just in a short jumpsuit and I found Eva calling her an embarrassment to the group. I looked puzzled for a while I was wondering could these girls be prostitutes. “Girls, can you explain to me what is going on?” I asked them in a nervous tone. I just hoped they would say no this is a misunderstanding. But Cleo replied, “Yes we are! And so what. “She replied to me with her Annoying smiles. 
                   Tears started rolling down my eyes .I immediately sat down on Eva's bed, and looked at them with an angry face. “How can you girls torture your bodies like that? I. Screamed at them, what you’re doing is wrong. I continued. “Since you have known what we do, you’re now an unlimited spender.” Eva replied to me in a tough voice. She had never talked to me like that. She always treated me so well. “I can never be a prostitute.” I screamed back to her. On hearing this Eva and Cleo laughed then Eve barked at me saying, “You don’t start right away, you need experience bitch! 
                   
                Then they all laughed. I laid a deep breath and cleaned my tears grabbed my shoulder bag and left them there laughing and mocking me. I went home straight and locked myself in my room. I told my mom I had a high fever and I wanted to stay home without going to school for some days. She first complained but later I convinced her. My mom loved me so much because I was her only child. My brother Ronnie was adopted to fill the gap because my dad wanted a son. I needed some time off college .I didn’t want to see the unlimited spenders or Ursula. I regretted not listening to Ursula. I wondered what the kids thought of me these days. I felt like leaving Braxton College, all my night mares were there. But my mom kept on telling me that I had to finish college there because it was the best school. I kept on with my sickness act. The unlimited spenders texted me daily pretending to check on me.
                I wanted to stop my solitude but it was my way of hiding from the trouble I had got into. Mark also texted me daily. He wanted to pass by our home to check on me because he was worried about me. I told him we were in the province so it was hard for him to see me because I was staying far from the town. But regardless he called me daily but I couldn’t tell him what I had discovered. Mark left Ursula’s group when I left them. He decided to come join me at the back of the class with the unlimited spenders. He really supported me in every decision I made. He didn’t mind that most people had critised his decision. All he cared about was my peace of mind. He said he didn’t care about the rest; it’s us that really mattered. Mark was really like a blessing in my life. He was one person I was sure of would never leave my life regardless of the situation.
               My week was a sad one. It was like I lost some one. I used to stay in my room whole day writing in my diary and watching movies. When my mom came back I used to pretend to be fast asleep. I didn’t even swallow any of the medicine she gave to me. Time flew so fast and it was already weekend, I had to start preparing for school again. Despite all my constraints, I decided that I was going to behave like an unlimited spender. I had already come to terms that Ursula was never going to be my friend again. Even George who was my crazy mate, my partner in crime had stopped talking to me because he didn’t want issues with Ursula. I decided to go to the shopping mall with the money Eve had deposited on my credit card. I wanted to go shopping some new skimpy clothes, to change my hair style, buy some new shoes and to also have a good time. Before I used to hold a puff with my hair but now I wanted it flipping and free. I decided to buy some weaves to for some days like Wednesday and Friday.
                I went did my shopping alone and didn’t inform anyone. I wanted Eve to be surprised with my new look. I texted Eve on. Monday on my way to school and told her I was reporting. She told me they would be waiting at the school gate.  When. I arrived at school; the unlimited spenders were at the gate. My mom had dropped me off that day. She blessed me and I got out of the car. I moved to where my girls were standing. “Girl! Are you contesting for miss Braxton College? Eve said looking surprised with my new attachments. “Mark’s suitors are going to kill themselves this time.” Denise said hugging me. “Shut up Denise! Cleo barked at her, anyway love your heels.” Cleo finally appreciated. I just smiled and said “it’s all thanks to the money you sent to me.” I replied with a rictus.  Eve smiled and said, “It’s just a pinch of my savings, anyway it’s time to proclaim to haters that you’re an unlimited spender now.”  We then smiled joined our hands and cheered. We then headed to class for our mathematics lecture.

                Mr. David Edwards was our mathematics lecture. He was a tough and self-centred man who liked punctuality. On Monday he had told us he was returning our mathematics papers. I couldn’t deny the fact that most students were looking at me because of my new attachments. Mark kept staring at me and smiling although he was my neighbour. We as the unlimited spenders had read hard for the test. Mr. David started reading our names according to our performance.
               As usual I was the best in mathematics; my name was the first to be read. Every one applauded apart from Ursula. That’s how much she hated me these days. I always have antipathetic reaction to her acts. I went for my papers and shook hands with Mr. David. Cleo was the second, Mark was the third, Eve was the fourth, Georgina was the fifth, Denise was the fifth and the rest followed. Mr. David usually punished the least scores in his test. Ursula's entire discussion group was among the least scores. It’s not like am proud, but I have to confess that ever since me and mark left there discussion group there scores declined. The unlimited spenders have excelled and I was happy about it, though it quite makes me sad that Ursula had to be punished. Am sure they were cleaning the math room next week.
              Mr. David praised us for that whole lecture. I was quite enthusiastic, though someone’s face was going to get wrinkles because of anger. It was no other than the mighty Ursula.




CHAPTER 4
THE LONG AWAITED PARY IN COLLEGE

My mother no longer used to pick me up after classes because I was already accustomed to the college. In the evenings after classes, Ursula used to go clean the math room with her colleagues. I used to remain in class chatting with Mark while the other unlimited spenders were on their phones or chatting with some boys from class.
                  As a seventeen year old, I was old enough to control and rule my life. After some time we all headed home in Eve's car. She used to drop me off first then they all headed to their apartment building. I never used to sell my body like the rest, they only wanted me to join there group to help them with mathematics. But that never stopped them from giving me money and presents. I found my sixteen years old brother home. We got along quite well though we were not in the same schools. He was always caring to me. He was feeding his dog called Calvin. He loved him a lot. He usually went with him for evening walks. He was a cheerful dog and loved clinging to him. I liked standing and watching him and his dog. “Ashley! Why are you freaky?” he later said. “Huh! Why do you think that about me?” I replied with a frown on my face.
                “Your changed Ashley I don’t recognize you anymore. “Before he could continue with his complaining, I touched his lips trying to keep him from saying any other word and I said. “It’s not like that Ronnie; I happen to be experiencing some new changes in my life but am fine.” 

                 He then held my hands and said, “It’s okay if you say so, I just always want to see you happy just like when we were still kids.” With my teary eyes I said, “Don’t worry bro, I promise am okay.” He looked in my eyes and said, “If you have a problem Ash, don’t hesitate to tell me you know I can give my life for you.”  I ran short of words and I just hugged him tight because I loved my brother very much. He was younger than me but slightly taller than me. “We can go for a walk with my dog Calvin.” Ronnie later said with a rictus.  I and brother loved evening walks so much but it has been a while since we last did so. I was very excited and I could not say no to his idea.  I replied to him with a smile, “why not!” We grabbed Calvin and headed to the streets. The street was always busy in the evening some were riding their bikes while racing in groups, some were walking in large groups conversing , some were jogging , others were Hawking there was quite a lot going on but it was nice to look at people sometimes they would give me and my brother what to talk about. My brother suddenly asked me why I wasn’t friends with Ursula anymore. I looked aside and told him she was intractable. My brother just giggled and left it at that.
               We walked for an hour then later returned home. When we got home, we decided to watch a movie like the old times missed it a lot. The next day at school, Mr. David assigned me to help Ursula and her group in Mathematics and obviously she behaved flagrant about that idea. I could no longer stand Ursula but I had to obey Mr. David. The unlimited spenders promised to be accompanying me when am teaching Ursula so that they could defend me from her.
          Putting that aside, the school was organizing a dance gala and as usual it was the unlimited spenders organizing the event. Since I had joined them, I was now part of the organizers and I was really excited. We had to organize it swiftly because it was on Friday and Eve was an expert when it came to organizing such parties because she had all the necessary contacts. I had even forgotten that they earn their money through prostitution. 
       Mark told us he wanted to join the DJ's and obviously Eve could not refuse because Mark was always with us. Later in the evening, I and the unlimited spenders had to go shopping to the town mall to shop for the attires of the dance gala. The unlimited spenders were paying for all the expenses my role was just to choose what I wanted. My mom had started to suspect that I was a third because there was no other way that I could get all the expensive clothes I had without a job.
      
         But at the same time, I couldn’t tell her that I was in a gang of prostitutes she would end up burying me herself. I had to just keep on blistering everything. In the afternoon after lunch break I had to skip classes because we had basketball rehearsals with our coach. I was with Mark the entire time during the rehearsals. Mark was a determined basketballer. He used to make me to do all the exercises they told us to do during the warm-up and that’s one thing I hated about him. But he did everything to make me happy during the rehearsals. We used to be at the back and sometimes we would play Abit during the warmups. People were already used to us so they didn’t make a fuss about us. After the rehearsals with Coach Stephen I had to go meet the unlimited spenders at their apartment so that we could go shopping.  At around sunrise, our rehearsals were ended and we were all very tired I told Mark to go ahead because I was going to Eve’s apartment. I went to the washrooms to clean up myself. Immediately I entered, Ursula entered too. I noticed that during the rehearsals she was looking at me like she wanted to tell me something.
           “Hey Ash” she said with a rictus. I looked at her then grabbed my wipes from my bag and continued cleaning up. I wasn’t going to reply her but I just thought anyway she was once my friend. “Hello” I replied later on. “I like your new radiance.” she said with a rictus still. “It’s no big deal.” I replied her as I was putting lip gloss on my pink lips. “It’s obviously no big deal since you’re an unlimited spender now I bet you shower dollars now.” She yelled at me trying to provoke me. I looked at her with rage and held my hands in my waist I told her snapping my fingers, “If you’re here to argue with me, take the same path you took when coming to talk.”  She then put on her fake smile and said, “It’s the entire opposite dear, and I came to thank you for accepting to help my group mates.”

                      “It’s okay, I had to do it anyway, I replied rolling my eyes at her, so if you have nothing else to tell me am leaving.” She just stared at me with a smile. I just grabbed my bag pack put my headsets in my ears and left her standing like a statue with her fake smiles.
                     I went straight to the apartment of the unlimited spenders. They had invited the staff from Eve's events which she owned apparently. They were brainstorming on how they were going to design the assembly hall which was chosen as the hall for the ball. I joined them in the brain storming. After that we started drafting the budget of how much everything would cost because the principal wanted the list complete by next morning. Denise, Georgina and I were writing names on the invitation cards as we were comparing with the class list from Eve. Cleo, Eve and the rest of her staff were drafting the budget of the event. It was really hard work; I left their villa at around 10 o’clock at night. Eve drove me home; she dropped me off at our residence.
  
             In thirty minutes I was already home. I found my brother outside with his dog Calvin. I told him about the party and how we had budgeted everything. He told me he was going to locate some entertainers like dancers, clowns, comedians to make the party more interesting. I called Eve right away and told her about my brother’s suggestion. She told me she was still driving but she said it was a good idea.  My brother told me I inform him when she makes up her mind. I went to my room, I wrote in my dairy and I slept like a fairy tale princess thinking about everything.
              The next morning we had an appointment with the principal. Eve handed to her everything and gave her details where there was need to explain. The principal appreciated us for the good job done and she gave Eve a cheque with our down payment. We left the office happy and we went to class as usual.
            During recess Break, we went to each class serving the invitation cards to the respective students. It was Soo tiresome and chaotic. We proceeded serving the cards even after the recess.

             At lunch time, everyone in the café was talking about the coming dance gala on Friday. It was a Wednesday and the party was the only topic on every table. This made us as the unlimited spenders to smile at the great job done! Today after classes, I had to help Ursula and her team in the Mathematics discussion. The unlimited spenders decided to wait for me because they dropped me off my residence every day. I did my job well with their discussion group and for the first time in a long time, I and Ursula got a long quite well.
               After our discussion, I left them with an assignment and I proceeded home with the unlimited spenders. Eve was always our driver in her SUV. We decided to Branch at the town café to have some drinks and we celebrate. When it was Abit dark, I left the unlimited spenders at the cafe and I took a taxi to my mom’s bakery because it was next to the town café. When I arrived, she offered me snacks but I turned her down because I wasn’t hungry. She left me reading in her office at the bakery.











CHAPTER 5
CAN WE SATISFY THE STUDENT’S PARTY EXPECTATIONS

 On Thursday, it was the Eve of the dance gala. There were no classes the entire day. Most teachers didn’t come to college that day. Most people were booking there party dates for tomorrow. I was going with Mark obviously and the unlimited spenders had no party dates obviously because they don’t like associating with everyone.
            At exactly one, every one left college to go and organize for the party. My clothes were at the apartment of the unlimited spenders. I just had to go early the next morning to their place. When everyone left, I also left with Mark because I wanted to rest. Mark first took me to the café to have lunch then after that we would work to our house. I left the unlimited spenders organizing the things making sure the tents, chairs, music systems and the decorations had arrived. 
              I got home at around 3pm in the afternoon. I went straight to my room and slept. When I got up, it was already dark and my parents and brother were home already. I went to the bathroom cleaned myself up and went downstairs to where they were. My dad and Ronnie were watching a movie while my mom was in the kitchen. I joined my brother and Ronnie. My dad sat in between us. My dad would normally bring home those funny movies where he would always laugh out loud at every funny scene. He would even forget about the popcorn and I think am the one who used to enjoy most of it. At around 10pm, my mom and my nanny served supper to us and they all went to the dining room table. I only took lemon juice because I didn’t want my belly to swell for tomorrow. I had to be spectacular for the party.

           The next morning I got up very early by 5am. I bathed and called a taxi to come and pick me up. I left home at six and went to the apartment of Eve. I found the unlimited spenders up already, Eve was getting in touch with the make-up artist while the other girls were varnishing their nails. They welcomed me and they were all excited. I joined the girls varnishing their nails. The make-up artists arrived at 7am in the morning.
          Each one of us had a person who was going to work on us. They preened us up very well. The dresses we had chosen were of the same design but different colours. They were long; they had a cleavage at the chest with short sleeves a flower design in the middle and a long sleet that left only the undergarments not showing. We also had silver purses and heels that were transparent and the heel was of glass. Our hair was not flipping, it was held behind and coiled together with a glittering flower design on the left it was designed according to what we had chosen to give us a super star look. Joining the unlimited spenders was a blessing in disguise. I had a black dress, Eve had a white one, Cleo had blue, Denise had a maroon one and Georgina had a purple. 
  
           After the makeup and hair styling, we went to dress up in our respective attires. After dressing up we were all screaming at each other that, “girl! You got all their eyes on you.” but the honest fact we were looking so arrogant and classy. The driver Eve had hired arrived at around 8:30am. We sat in the SUV van and left for college. 
           By the time we arrived, quite a number of people had arrived we got out of the van when the driver packed and everyone applauded when we had all got out. We were walking past the red carpet and everyone was applauding and saying nice party Eve, we love it. Some were saying you guys are the best, some were just screaming our names according to who of us they liked most. We all had shades on and Eve had told us to keep waving at us and putting on an attitude and to feel the day because it was the effect of our work. 
         We went straight to the high table, the principal and a few selected teachers were already there. I felt like I was on cloud nine because we were the only students at the high table making us every one's centre of attention. When we got to the high table, we took of the shades and faced the audience. Mark was at the centre with the DJ's he was dressed in a black suit. He was so smart because it rhymed with his muscular body. He was staring at me most of the time and sending me flying kisses. They were playing slow songs. The room was dark with blue and pink lighting. The seats were organized in ten columns to the back. Each row had six seats, most students sat next to their party dates. Eve was up and down and always receiving calls. She wanted to make sure everything was perfect. 

         When almost everyone had arrived, I had to go and read the agenda at the event. Every one gave me attention obviously. I stood up, Mark came and offered me his hand I stood up and touched in his hands then we went together hand in hand to the stage. Everyone in the crowd was applauding at us. When I got to the stage I greeted all of them in the name of Jesus Christ. I said my name and Mark's name too. I thanked everyone for coming and told them to keep up with the spirit. I advised everyone to be disciplined and to follow the SOP's of the party. The agenda was as follows;
1)Opening prayer by Georgina
2)Remarks from the representative of the college teachers
3)Remarks from the principal
4)Snacks serving at the café for everyone
5)Remarks from Eve blossom
6)Presentations from selected students
7)Presentations from visiting dance groups
8)Lunch served at the café
9)Dance till midnight for those who don’t have curfew at their homes.
I then said, “That’s our agenda for today, wish you guys the best of fun.” The crowd then applauded and u handed the microphone to Denise who was the master-of- ceremonies. Denise then welcomed Georgina to give us a welcoming prayer. I went back to my seat at the high table and Mark went back to the D.J table. Georgina gave us a simple but knowledgeable prayer when she finished every one applauded. Denise was giving funny remarks after each one of us was done with our speech which made students laugh out loud. Denise was a very funny and corny girl I also loved her for that. Denise then called upon the representative of the teachers who was Mr. David Edwards. His speech was simple because he was a man of few words. The principal then followed after Mr. David.
         Every one stood up and applauded her until she got to where the microphone was. She thanked everyone for coming and advised everyone to stay disciplined until the end of day. After her speech every one applauded as the DJ's played slow music. Denise then came and thanked the principal for financing the event. Then she read out the next on our agenda which was having snacks at the café. After her speech the DJ’s resumed played the music as most of the students matched out with their party dates. Literally we stayed at the high table as we waited for the waiters to bring our snacks. The principal and the seven other teachers kept on thanking us for the good work done in organizing the party. Eve was the one who was always replying to them. I and the rest of the girls were just smiling and where necessary we would say thank you to the teachers.
            After forty minutes, the students started assembling back to the hall. Eve was back stage with the students who had presentations. When most of the students had arrived back, Denise started calling out the different student groups to perform. The students that were presenting started and the crowd applauded according to how they judged there presentations. Some were also bullied at the stage while others were greatly cheered for. The groups that had also come from different colleges also presented and my brother Ronnie was among them. It was an afternoon of laughter and fun. Georgina was seated between me and Cleo and she was always saying funny comments that made me and Cleo laugh our ribs out. The presentations ended at around 3:20pm in the afternoon.  Denise then handed the microphone over to Eve who was the last to give a speech. She first coughed then smiled and said, “Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen of Braxton College,” and everyone responded good afternoon. She thanked everyone for coming and for following the protocol and SOP’s of the event. She then urged the students to keep the fire burning because the best was yet to come. Then the all Crowd screamed and went crazy. 
                        After a while, Eve read the best dressed couple and as usual it was Lauren and James. Lauren and James were childhood sweetheart’s 💙. Everyone loved them a lot because there love was real and they never stopped proving to us how much they loved each other. Besides that they were both very nice looking and social. I also loved them a lot. I hopped that I and mark would also last. As I was still in my fantasies, Georgina tapped on me and told me, “they have read you and mark as the second best couple.” I looked at her in shock and said, “Ahhh!” When I looked around every one was looking at me then I saw Eve waving at me and telling me to go in front with her beautiful smile. Mark was moving towards me, when he reached he stood next to my seat and offered me his hand. I held his hand and stood up. He then whispered to me and said, “Am so lucky to have you.” I just smiled and we walked to the stage. Everyone was cheering up a lot in the crowd. Even Cleo was clapping and for us with a smile on her cheek bones.
               We went to the stage and received the gift assigned to us. It was an in a big envelope we got from Eve and hugged her then posed for the photo and I went back to my seat. Georgina hugged us when I got back and she continued rejoicing with me. After Eve’s speech, Denise read the next thing on the agenda which was lunch time. She told the students to seat on their assigned tables as Eve had. Told them in order to maintain order. Denise then led us into the prayer and after that the students started leaving in groups to the café. We stayed at the high table waiting to be served, even Denise joined us. Cleo pecked her on her cheek and said smiling, “my Denise good job done.” We then all laughed at Denise who was looking at us with a frown. “Am so tired girls.” Denise then said sitting and falling on me. 

                        Georgina then laughed with her deep voice and told her, “Work hard for your children.” She said still laughing. I was playing with Denise's hair because her head was on my laps. Denise just slapped Georgina on her laps and jeered at her. As we were still talking lunch was brought by Eve's staff and served to us. Eve was at the café controlling the students and making sure everyone was on their respectable table.  We had lunch with the teachers who later left after lunch because it was time for organizing the hall for the dance. 
                   Most of the seats were removed and piled together to prepare for the dance. I went with Cleo and Georgina to dress up into our dance wears. We left Denise looking for Eve. After us changing I looked for mark and left Cleo and Georgina together. I got Mark and I came back with him to the hall. The hall was now so dark with disco lights of different colours. Most of the students were dancing their backs off in there different groups. When they played a hit song most of the students would scream their lungs out. Mark was holding my shoulder as we were walking into the hall. He asked me whether we could dance or sit down and talk about us. I told him I preferred us to sit down for now. We sat next to where the unlimited spenders were dancing from. They loved dancing as students watched them but they were good dancers after all.  Time moved so fast although if it was up to me I would prefer it if the whole world would freeze on this day. 
                 I and Mark were talking while commenting on the different dancers. He would at some point get up and dance in front me and later force me to stand up but I would still tell him that I don’t know how to dance. When it got to Dawn, some students started departing because of the curfew at their homes. I had told my mom to pick me up at 10pm at night because the unlimited spenders were. Leaving at 1:00am in the morning. By 9:00pm very few students were still around most people had stopped dancing and majority of them were outside. I was still with Mark talking while the unlimited spenders especially Eve was making sure everything was in order. They had started putting off the decorations and closing down the music system. At around 10: 20pm my mom picked me up and I left in a French leave. I only said goodbye to Mark because I looked for the unlimited spenders and I couldn’t see any of them it’s like they had disappeared in a blur. I then left with my mom as I was telling her about the fun things at the party.
















CHAPTER 6
MY NEW STRATEGY OF GROWING MY BANK ACCOUNT

 The whole weekend, I didn’t go to the apartment of the unlimited spenders.  I decided to spend it home with my brother. Though he was in form four a very busy class, he always had vital time to spend with me.  We went to the field in town and I watched him play football with the rest of his colleagues. I had taken long without doing so and my brother had started complaining because I was the best cheerleader he had. I last cheered him during football when I was still friends with Ursula because her house was just across the road.
                  I got a shade under a tree and sat there as I cheered my brother whenever he got hook of the ball. He was good at shooting or rather scoring goals and whenever he scored a goal I would ran to the field and hug him, give him some water and also clean his sweat off. When I looked at the other side of the road, I saw Ursula’s home. I then thought to myself and said, “we used to be good friends but now we are back to being strangers again. I looked at their home for quite a while as memories kept on coming back to me. 

                      Then suddenly I saw an ambulance passing and it parked at their gate. My heart beat so fast and I knew that something wasn’t right. Although I and Ursula were no longer friends, I still cared about her deeply so I decided to move swiftly to their home.  When I got there I saw her mom crying bitterly and when she saw me looking at her puzzled, she came to me and hugged me. She told me while holding her mouth and still crying that, “Ursula is sick again and it looks serious this time.” I didn’t really know what Ursula’s illness was but she often got sick. I then held her hand and told her, “She will be okay ma’am your daughter is a strong woman.” A few minutes later, Ursula’s dad came out with the doctor while other men were carrying Ursula’s half dead body. 
                       “Bruce, why did it have to be our daughter?” Ursula’s mom said to her husband. Mr. Richard just hugged her and told her that everything will be okay. Ursula’s parents asked me to go with them to the hospital. When I looked at the field everyone was looking at us, I just waved to my brother and entered the ambulance. I tried to comfort her mom who was crying bitterly. She later asked me why I no longer visit them quite often and I replied that, “A hedge between keeps friends green.” She told me to stop distancing me from her daughter because she needed my support more in such difficult times. I just continued embracing her.

                     When we got to the hospital, some doctor welcomed us and told the male nurses who were carrying her to take her to the ICU room where she was going to be confined. I left the parents at the hospital because I had to go back to my brother because I had taken a French leave and he had no clue about my whereabouts.  I told them I would come back and check on Ursula more often. I took a taxi back to the field where my brother was playing. I found them still playing and when he saw me he gave me a sign that he had seen me. After their football match, he came to me and I told him everything that had happened. He told me to be strong, the storm will calm down. I told him I didn’t want mum to see me this way so I told him I was dropping by the apartment of the unlimited spenders.
                     He told me to take care of myself and I left him at the field still playing. When I got there, I found only Denise and Georgina. They told me that Eve and Cleo had gone for shopping. I sat down with them on the sofa and I joined them as they were observing the photos from yesterday’s party. I decided not to tell them about Ursula’s condition. We observed the photos for a while as we kept on making funny comments. When it started getting dark, Georgina called for a taxi to pick me up and take me to my mom’s bakery. I said my goodbyes and left the girls still observing the photos. I went to my mom’s bakery and helped her out with the customers until we closed down.
                          Quite a number of days have passed and still Ursula is still in the hospital. Everything was quite normal although I hadn’t gone back to the hospital yet. The more days passed, the more I became more possessed with money. I told Eve that I wanted to also start earning my money and become rich just like her. But they were all advising me not to join prostitution. But I was so stubborn, I told them I also wanted to own my apartment, have a car and so many other things. I was tired of depending on Eve for almost everything. Cleo told me I was just thrilled with the idea and they were just fancies. But I kept on telling her that I was serious about it and I had made up my mind. Eve totally banned the idea and told me if necessary she was going to double the amount she gives me every weekend but without me joining them.

                          So today after classes I was heading home with Eve and I was trying to convince her to change her mind. So I told her, “I am intrepid” Eve then yelled at me and said, “Stop your intrepidness, it will cost your life besides you need experience.” I paused with my walking and told her, “I want to live my parents’ home, Eve, and can’t you get it!” Eve then held my hands and said in a calm voice,” Ashley, look at me, I love you very much and I wouldn’t like you to live the life we live in.” I then kept quiet and thought of Mark, my parents and I realized I was just being stubborn. I hugged eve and I told her thank you for being a true friend. We then went to Eve’s car and we went home.
                           The next day as I was from college, some Oldman came and stood in front of me and held my hand. He smiled and said, “Young girl, can we have coffee together?” I pulled my hands from his and said in a gloomy voice, “I don’t know you, why do you think I would have coffee with you.” I paused a question. He laughed and said, “Stop being intransigent girl, don’t you want to start earning your money and you stop depending on Eve. “He concluded with a rictus. When he said that, I decided to go with him to the town café to have some coffee. I couldn’t believe what the old man wanted. He wanted me to have a romantic affair with him because he saw me hanging out with the unlimited spenders and he thought I was like them. I told him I will call him again and tell him my decision. He gave me his business card and I saw there the famous company called “BROWNS CLOTHING Co. Ltd.” I smiled and said, “So you work here.” He smiled back because he saw how I was thrilled and said, “I don’t only work there but I own it actually.” He said in bossy voice. “Huh! Okay so you’re the famous Mr. Browns.” I said. He smiled and said, “Yeah” He then stood up and went to the cashier as I got out and went back home.
                            I thought about it the whole night and it troubled me for quite a while but at the same time I decided not to lose that chance and I decided to accept the offer. But I decided to take it reticent and I wouldn’t tell Eve anything because I knew she would advise me not to do so. As some few days passed, I started getting money from Mr. Brown and I bought new shoes, clothes, handbags, accessories and wigs. Eve insisted on asking me on a daily basis where I get the money these days because it had been a while since her last deposit. I told her my mom had shared with me some of her profits and I advised her to stop being paranoid and naughty. 
            I no longer used to give my academics a lot of time because whenever I was home I was always texting Mr. Browns. He had even promised to get me a luxurious apartment and also some dresses from his latest designs. But I kept hoping that my parents would never find out because my mom would kill me.
              Eve as a concerned friend had told Mark about all her inquisitives because she thought I would not lie to Mark and maybe he knew something they didn’t know. Mark then came fuming at me the next morning. I managed to convince him that nothing had changed and he believed in me. But I actually knew that my life had changed and I could not turn back. I could now call myself an unlimited spender officially. But after a lot of contemplation, I decided to tell my friends the truth because they were getting on my nerves with all these questions every day.

              So some Wednesday after classes I went with the unlimited spenders to their apartment because I had told them that I had something special to say to them. When we arrived, they were all anxious to hear what I had to say. We all got our drinks and Eve turned on the music and so this is how I narrated, “Eve, Cleo, Denise and Georgina, please don’t judge me but just try to understand me.” I then laid out a deep breath. I looked at their eyes and they were all beseeching that I tell them what was going on in my mind. Cleo stood up and said, “Just spill the beans you know my mom is waiting for me already.” Today Cleo had to go see her mom to discuss some family issues with her. She was leaving that afternoon and Eve was dropping her off at the bus station. This is why I could understand her impatience.
                   I laid out a deep breath again and said, “Well, this is not easy to say but all I can say is……………….”I just lost my confidence all of a sudden. I just stood up and said, “Am sorry guys but I can’t confine in you.” I then ran as fast as I could out of their apartment building. I got a taxi and told the driver to take me straight home. I entered the taxi sat at the back and I started crying. I thought to myself that, “How will the unlimited spenders look at me again?” I knew they would obviously judge me or yell at me or even worse chase me out of there group because I had disobeyed Eve. That’s why I lost my courage telling them the truth. I could imagine Eve’s angry face telling me I told you not to do so I even agreed to double the money I was giving you and this is how you repay me. I just decided to keep it all to myself.

                     I reached home and I went straight to my room and locked the door. I found myself sleeping off with my swollen eyes because of crying. When I woke up I found over 100 messages from Eve and missed calls because she claimed that they were worried about me because of the way I left their apartment. But I decided not to talk to any of them for the meantime.
                        The next morning I didn’t go to school because I had forged malaria signs and my mom had believed me. I stayed at home with our maid and gateman as we played with Ronnie’s dog called Calvin. In the evening, the unlimited spenders dropped by our house from school. I ran back to my room and I told our maid to tell them that I wasn’t around. After a little insisting, the unlimited spenders later left but they left a letter to me and they told our maid to give it to me when I got home. They left me a letter saying;
Hello Ashl…..
We know you have a problem but two heads are better than one.
Its better you tell us and we help you find a solution
Call us when you get home
Hoping to see you tomorrow
Think about this carefully and you will see we are right.
Eve, Denise, Georgina.

                            I read it and smiled because it’s good to realize that people care about you anyway. But I still didn’t want to talk to them until the next morning. When they left I went back to the garden and continued playing with the dog.
                          So the next morning, I found the unlimited spenders waiting for me at the gate even Cleo was back from her Mom’s place. They welcomed me back and we went to the lobby to have a talk. When we got there Eve and Cleo got out there cigarettes as usual and Eve asked me, “Tell me the reason behind your freaky behaviour.” I smiled and said, “It’s no big deal guys I was just telling you that my life changed a lot since I joined your group.” Cleo put her cigarette down and asked, “Is that all?” she asked in shock. I smiled at her and said, “Yeah! I was just seeing how much my life has changed.” Denise took a deep breath and said, “You got us worried.” Georgina just hugged me tight. Then we watched Eve and Cleo smoking. Denise and Georgina didn’t smoke but Eve and Cleo couldn’t leave without a cigarette in a day. After them smoking they sprayed perfume on themselves and Cleo changed into another dress. Denise, Georgina and I were standing a distance from them so we did not smell like them. 
                              After Cleo changing into another cloth, we went to class for our lessons. Everything went back to normal; we were having fun as the unlimited spenders. Everyone was still talking about the dance gala. We went to the café, school gym and everywhere else and all you could here was the party. This made Eve smile because she realized her and her team had done a great job.
                            Ursula had not yet come back to school and most people had known that she was confined in the hospital. The week moved on smoothly and we continued rocking Braxton College as usual. I continued with my private affair with Mr. Brown’s although I felt kind of guilty.









CHAPTER 7
CAN I SUSTAIN MY ANGER FOR EVE AND MY FEAR TO LOVE AGAIN?

Several weeks had passed and Ursula was still hospitalized. The doctors told us she needed a miracle to get out of her situation. This statement arouses the curiosity in me to find out the disease Ursula was suffering from.
               I went to the hospital after classes today to where Ursula was confined. When I reached, I went to the reception desk and I asked her what disease Ursula was suffering from. She asked me, “Are you a relative, miss?” Out of shame I replied, “No ma’am, am just her friend.” She then looked at me and said, “Sorry to disappoint you but we don’t serve out such information to people who are not relatives.” I felt embarrassed but I just put on a smile and left the hospital. I told myself that this is what I get for being nosy.

                     The next morning, Eve came to school happy and she told us she had something to tell us. So we went and settled at the corner of the class where we usually sat to listen to what she had to say. Eve then puts on a smile and starts, “My! My!” she says acquivocately trying to make us nervous for the news. “Don’t try to make us anxious, just spill the beans.” Cleo said getting bored with her act. Eve laughed and said, “yesterday, I met up with Mr. Brown’s the owner of browns clothing co. Ltd.” When I had Mr. Brown’s name I knew Eve had found out about my secret so instead of her telling them I decided to be the one to explain myself. So out of the blue I said, “Eve, please let me be the one to explain.” I looked at her as though I was very scared of what she had to say. Eve laughed and said,” Don’t tell me you also know about my relationship with him as news spreads fast.” I first coughed because I spill my soda when I heard Eve’s version of the story. “What! you’re in a relationship now!” I told Eve still coughing and some few tears rolling down my chin. 
                 “Are you sober, wat’s your problem anyway I thought you were aware. “Eve said with a fuming voice because she was tired of the drama I was displaying. I stood up and told her, “whatever. “I then left the classroom immediately and headed to the washrooms. I entered one of the washrooms and I started crying bitterly. I decided to chop the first class and I headed to the school sickbay and rested there. I couldn’t believe that Mr. Browns was cheating on me with my own best friend. I felt so betrayed and I regretted not telling them the truth.

                     Denise and Cleo came to me during recess time and asked me why I was annoyed at Eve. I just told them that I had mood swings since morning. They went and got me cookies and soda from the café and they told me they will come back for me at lunch time.
                           At lunch time, the whole gang came to the sickbay. Georgina woke me up and gave me wipes to clean my face. Eve made my face up and she apologized for fuming at me. I apologized to her to but deep down I knew I didn’t mean the apology. We then left the sickbay and went to the cafeteria for lunch. On our way to the café, Eve told us she was buying lunch for all of us because Mr. Browns had deposited her lunch allowance. In my mind I was imagining beating up both Browns and Eve I just couldn’t wait for evening time to teach Mr. Browns a lesson.

               In the evening when I arrived home, I called Mr. Brown’s eventually but as most men do he lied to me. He claimed that he gave her money because she was a good friend to me and so many other lies but I decided not to be persistent because I wanted him for money only. I then promised myself that Eve should never find out that we are dating the same man because no one can want Eve for an enemy. I also decided to give a deaf ear to their relationship.
                  As time went by, Mr. Browns had become reluctant to give me money ever since he got Eve. But what was making me mad was that Eve had become richer than she was and I really couldn’t stand the idea of depending on her again and become her lap dog. She used to buy for us lunch more often, take us for shopping, parties and wear even more expensive clothes.
                     Eventually, I started holding a grudge on Eve I tried to control the fury but it was really hard. My days couldn’t get any worse because it was during these days that Mark ended our relationship because he claimed am no longer the Ashley he had fallen in love with. He was courting a girl named Rochelle who was Ursula’s new best friend. Mark and Rochelle were best friends since kindergarten I guess and it was alleged that Rochelle had always loved Mark more than a friend. So I think she took advantage of my busy life to win Mark over. I used to hate seeing them together and she also joined the list of girls I had a grudge on.

                Loosing Mark hurt me a lot but I promised myself that I wasn’t going to fight for the relationship I just let by goons be by goons. Mark had been complaining for a while that I was not giving him attention and because of his anger he dumped me for Rochelle. I was so stressed and always in thought just imagine having two heartbreaks at the same time. Eve was always telling the other girls to leave me alone because I was having problems with Mark. Eve didn’t stop at that she was also trying to fix our relationship problems with Mark but Mark vowed not to go back to me. 
                 That was how life was these days, so sorrowful and miserable. I felt so alone because I missed Mark a lot. Mark was my seatmate, best friend and a reason for my happy days at college. But regardless life had to move on. The news about our breakup had spread around the whole college and people were talking about it in disbelief because no one could ever think that Mark could leave me but our reality says it all.
                In the evening when I got home, I first checked my phone and the first thing I saw was a message from Mr. Browns. We had taken quite a while without talking ever since he got Eve. The text message read like this; “I am sorry for ignoring you for quite some time but if you want money from me again am no longer offering you money. Goodbye.” I read the message and I was in shock. I kept on asking what Eve had done to Mr. Browns. I thought to myself that she must have used a charm on him because it was impossible for him to leave me this way. She must have been selling her body to him too that’s why he had fallen for her. 

                          I was now back to being poor and only depending on Eve. Eve was richer this days and she was always spotted hanging out with Mr. Browns. I sat on my bed and I started crying I couldn’t believe that I was dumped by two men in one week. That’s when I realized that my situation was serious but I couldn’t fall for Mr. Brown’s trick of him wanting to sleep with me. Eve was already an expert at that and I wasn’t. “Damn! What I was going to do?” I thought to myself. The more I contemplated, the more I realized that my problems had no solution.
                       Days had passed but still I had failed to find a solution to my problems. The semester was coming to an end and I was so happy because I was tired of seeing Mark and Rochelle. Eve was telling me not to worry that she would find for me a better man but I told her not to bother because I was no longer into relationships. I thought Cleo would be the happiest when Mark dumped me but on the contrary she was always there for me. One time she beat up Rochelle in the lobby because she was making fun of me being dumped. We had become close with Cleo but I told her in life you have to learn to let go.
                     We as the unlimited spenders started planning for our holiday. Eve was organizing parties and camps. She had already pinned up the posters all over the college. Eve’s parties don’t normally flop because she gives her friends in other colleges to give to the students there and she’s known of giving the best. She always makes the students holiday a blast.
                       We were remaining with two weeks to end the semester. Classes had been adjourned apart from some teachers who still hadn’t finished the syllabus. Eve spent these last two weeks advertising for her parties during the holidays. One of her parties was at the beach, another one in a club and the last one at their apartment (house party). But during those last days something unusual happened to me. Some guy in a school year above us started getting close to me his name is Bruno. He was famous in the college because he was a musician. He was dating one of Eve’s friends in a school year above us called Daisy and they broke up recently because the girl cheated on him.
                     
                          He used to spend most of his free classes in our class, buy me gifts and always texting me. As a girl, I could tell that he was interested in me with his actions but I had vowed to myself not to entangle with any boy in high school again. Eve and the other girls had also noticed Bruno’s crush on me. Eve told me that when he finally asks me out I should just hug him and say yes I have been waiting for this all my life. But anyway, that is the kind of advice one can expect from a person like Eve. On the other hand, Denise, Cleo and Georgina told me that they would respect my decision.
              That weekend I spent it home with family. On Sunday, daddy took us all out for swimming and snacks at the town beach. It had been long since we last went out as a family. We spent the day dancing to the tunes of my dad’s jokes and I really loved my dad. He is a very funny person and he always tells me to always see the bright side of life and ignore the negativity. Many families had come for outings like us. That weekend was a memorable one although the memories are all stuck in my heart.
             On Monday, I still went to school although there were no classes. This is the last week of this semester. I was in class reading my novel while Denise and Georgina were talking with some group of boys. I was watching Mark and Rochelle at an angle and I could see love in everything they do. They were laughing together, falling on each other’s backs, holding hands, playing together and a lot more. Those are the things I missed from Mark but I had nothing to do but just grieve in my heart. Bruno later came to my class and guess what he came with his guitar and some other two friends of his. He came to my seat, removed my novel from my hands and whispered to me, “I am asking for a few minutes from this busy lady’s time?” I just smiled and looked at him he then told the two other friends of his that, “Boys let’s do this!”
                 Bruno started playing his guitar and they sang his last solo album called, “we found forever.” I really liked that song because it was our favorite with Mark those days. He sang to me and everyone in the class was looking at us. Other people came from other classes and some were standing outside on the windows. Mark and Rochelle later got up and moved out. When they were almost getting to the door, Cleo screamed at them and said, “Check those two losers feeling jealous.” After her uncalled for statement, everyone laughed out so hard.

                    After he was done singing, some girls came with flowers and a box of chocolate because he knew I loved it a lot. He then knelt down with one knee and said handing me the flowers and chocolates that, “I love you Ashley, will you be my girlfriend?” Everyone in the room started screaming that “say yes! Say yes” I kept quiet and looked at him smiling. I was so happy because no one had done this before for me but then suddenly I heard a voice in my heart telling me that, “Remember you vowed not to date again.” I just stood up with tears rolling down my cheeks and said, “Am sorry but I can’t do this.” I then ran out of the class to the washrooms. I could hear many people’s comments most of them were saying, “How could she do this to him?” Others were gearing and throwing insults at me. I just knew I was going to be the topic this whole week.
                          I went to the washrooms and locked myself there until later when I had Denise, Georgina and Cleo calling out my name in the washrooms. When I had them I opened the door and just hugged them tight. I was still crying when they came to my aid. Georgina asked me if I wanted to talk about what had happened but I told her all I wanted was to go home. Georgina told Cleo and Denise to go get our things from class and we all head home because there was nothing left for us to do at college. Eve was with her friends in the other classes and I was sure she will be fuming mad at me when she gets to know that I rejected her friend Bruno. Georgina offered me her shoulder to lean on and she told me she would always be there for me.
                  When Denise and Cleo returned, we went to Denise’s car and they drove me off to my home. When I got home I found 10 missed calls from Eve. I knew that she was complaining about what I had done to Bruno but I just called her back and it turns out that I was right. When I called her back, she told me to apologize to her best friend for embarrassing him that way. I boldly told her that I wasn’t apologizing to anyone and that no one had control over my life except myself. When she continued quarrelling and throwing insults at me, I told her to shut up and mind her business then I switched her off and took my whiskey.
                 
                         The next days, I didn’t see Bruno again and I thanked God for that. Eve was still convincing me to apologize to him but I still said no. Eve was so touched because she treated Bruno like a best friend and I understood her anger but that still couldn’t make me to change my mind.
                       Finally the day for the holidays reached and everyone was excited. People were saying goodbye to each other especially those who were going to the nearby towns or out of the country. That was the day I saw Bruno again and I kind of felt embarrassed looking at him. When Eve saw him, she ran to him and they started talking for quite a long-time as I and the other unlimited spenders were talking with other students.
                           Immediately I got my report card, I left before Eve could start telling me her fairy tales about how Bruno was a good guy and how I made a wrong choice of saying no to him and so much more because Eve was a blubber mouth. When I got home, I found my brother and the maid there. Our parents had gone to work as usual and so we decided to all watch movies which my brother had downloaded. We watched as we ate popcorn which our maid brought later on. My brother knew that I was dating Mark so when reached a scene of a couple so much in love in the movie he suddenly asked me how me and Mark were doing. I told him we broke up and he moved on with his life. He was so surprised that he even paused the movie and asked me the reason for the breakup. I told him we just realized that we no longer loved each other. He insisted that I tell him the truth whether Mark had cheated on me and I told him no because we both came to a mutual agreement that we break up. My brother was not convinced with this reason but he just left it at that and we continued with the movie.
                               
                           I felt bad that I had lied to my young brother but I didn’t want him to know that I was the cause of the breakup. The following day as I was on my way to my mom’s bakery again something unusual happened. I met the vice president of Brown’s Clothing Company LTD called Richard’s. I got to know him because of the few times I saw him at Mr. Brown’s company. He was Abit younger than Mr. Brown’s because he was 24 years old. He was tall, very handsome, gentle and very rich at a young age less. He invited me for coffee because he claimed that it was quite a long time and I couldn’t say no to this offer because I had nothing to do since we were in holidays.
                               We went and sat down in the café and I ordered for a sandwich and he had the same order as mine. He first asked me why I was no longer going to their company and I told him that my reason for going there was Mr. Brown’s and we were not dating anymore and so I had no reason to be there. He told me sorry about our shortcomings with Mr. Browns but I told him that I was okay. He then asked me if I was aware that he also had feelings for me. When I had this I chocked on my soda and I started coughing until he gave me water. I couldn’t believe it because Richard was very conservative and principled and I couldn’t believe that he would date a young girl like me. When I stopped chocking, I explained to him what was on my mind and I told him I knew he was also playing around like Browns did. He told me he had never been serious like the way he was today. He even promised to marry me when I graduated but he also told me to first think about this carefully before dating an old man like him. When he said this I laughed and told him you’re not that old which the truth was. We continued talking about a lot of things like the things he used to do when he was my age. He was a naughty boy and a girl’s man. We talked and laughed until around five o’clock in the evening and we each went our own way.





CHAPTER 8
HAVING A LITTLE FUN WITHOUT THE PARENTS
 After leaving the café after talking to Richard, I went straight home and I didn’t go to my mom’s bakery where I was supposed to go. When I got home I contemplated about what Richard had told me and I couldn’t refuse this offer but I decided not to accept the offer right away. I had become devoted to dating men who were older than me for money that’s how ambitious I had become.
                   On Sunday we went to church to St. Paul’s church in town and I always met many of my friends from college there. I never used to finish the church service seated in church because I always got out in the middle of the service and started talking to my schoolmates who were outside the church. We used to sit in the church garden and laugh about many incidences at college. My mom used to warn me a lot about this aloof behaviour and she always told me we come to church once in a week and it wasn’t hard for me to concentrate in church for just a few hours. But as you know teenagers we always think we know the best. I always told my brother who was supporting my mother that it was grievance for mom to interfere in my lifestyle. I always joined Brianna and her friends who used to sit outside the church during the whole service.
                      Brianna was also one of the cool girls in college although she wasn’t an unlimited spender. Every after the service, I was used to the scolding of my mom after all every rose has its thorn.

                          The following day on Monday, Richard texted me a message asking me for my answer and I decided not to answer him right away in order not to show him my ambition for money. He continued texting me day after day. On Wednesday when I was from watching a movie from Brianna’s house, I met Mr. Richard lurking around my house. I immediately grabbed his hand and took him to the shade of the tree outside our house. “What are you doing here?” I asked him all with fear on my face. I looked on side to side to ensure that no one saw me with him. He told me he had come for his answer personally. I told him I had accepted his offer then he suddenly hugged me tight. I told him yes so that he could go home because I didn’t want anyone to spot me with him.
                    I told him it was better for him to leave before anyone saw me with him. He then ended his hug and pecked me on the cheek then he left off in his car and I went inside our house. No one was home not even our maid because she had gone to shop groceries at the town market.
                     I went to my room and I started texting Eve because she had inboxed me to get online. She told me that she was so nervous about her party this weekend. It was going to be at “light up your night” club which was five blocks from our home. Everyone on social media was talking about the ‘showbiz holiday party’ which was the name Eve gave to her parties and they happened every holiday. She paid bloggers to advertise her parties which made them famous on social media. I already had a VIP ticket for that party but I wasn’t sure if I was going though I couldn’t tell Eve. I assured her that I was going to be there as we were talking. My brother Ronnie was to come back with my parents at night. The maid came back and started preparing supper for us.
                       
                  At around 9:00am at night, she called me and we had supper with her and after I showered and slept off in my room. The next morning I had to go to Eve’s apartment to help her in organising for the party. Eve was so nervous, anxious and scared because she never wanted the party to flop. She always has this saying that the sky is the limit when she is organising her parties. Cleo was in charge of posting the posters on social media and Eve trusted her on that because she had a large following on social media,
                 But Eve always run’s rings around when she is organizing her parties. Denise and Georgina were in charge of making phone calls to remind the students to attend the party. I and Eve were in charge of going to the ‘let us light up your night club’ also known as LUNC to make sure no other customer makes reservations on our date of the party. Personally, I had never entered that club before although it was next to our home. Inside the night club was a swimming pool, gym, restaurant, dancing hall and a playground for the kids.
                  When we got to the club, Eve directly went to the managing director. He was referred to as Mr. Evans by most people but Eve called him Evans because they were friends. When we got to his office they hugged with Eve and she introduced me to him as her best friend. We then sat down and Evans assured Eve that he couldn’t serve her place to any other customer because she had paid a lot of money and a regular customer to his night club. Their friendship was because Eve used to bring rich and respectable men to the club who would spend a lot of money in the club especially through gambling. After there long conversation, we stood up and they shook hands then we left his office.

                    Eve escorted me to our house as we were walking and talking. But to be honest I disliked walking with Eve because she was so famous and popular and everyone in the town knew her. So she always waving at people and stopping often because people always spotted her and called her name. To make it worse even people in vehicles used to stop to talk to her. It was usually a twenty minutes’ walk from my home to the club but with Eve I spent over an hour.
                      When we finally got home, she stopped at the gate and told me that she was going to check on someone around the neighbourhood. I found my brother on his way out and I asked him where he was going and he told me that since our parents were out of the picture, he was going to sleep at LUNC partying all night.  “What do you mean that they are out of the picture?” I asked him with amazement. He told me that our parents had gone to the province to check up on grandmother who was sick. I was so happy when I had this I jumped and screamed with joy. 
                        I asked my brother to join him and his friends at LUNC and he agreed to. I went to my room and dressed in denim shorts, a cleavage crop top and my black heeled boots. I grabbed my black Versace jacket for the night fall when it gets cold. I got my Versace shoulder bag and I was ready to slay. On our way, I told my brother about Eve’s party and he told me that he told that he would advertise it to his friends. We got to the club and found his friends at the pool table spot playing. My brother was the youngest in there group. When Jade saw me he was so excited that he shouted my name and immediately came next to me.  Jade was my brother’s friend who had tried to court me but I turned his offer down. Jade gave me company that night and bought me drinks and barbeque. Later that night, he told me to dance with me but I still turned down his offer. We sat down at the pool table area and we talked the whole night. Jade originally had a talkative and funny character and it was hard to get bored with him. My brother was with his colleagues at school both male and female dancing their backs off. We went home at 6 am in the morning and the maid opened for us then we went to our rooms and we slept off.

                        I woke up at 2:00pm in the afternoon, I bathed and went downstairs. I found my brother Ronnie already up seated in the gardens talking to the maid and the gatekeeper. His dog Calvin came to me when he immediately saw me and I started racing up with him. My brother was a very social person who always had a conversation for every one and that’s why he had friends in all classes because he was loved. I left them talking and I went to serve myself lunch. They had prepared mashed potatoes, eggs and salads. I had lunch with dog Calvin while watching a movie. 
                     Eve called me that evening and told me that I shouldn’t disappoint her tomorrow because everything was in order .She will pick me up at five in the evening for her party. She ended by telling me that nothing ventured, nothing gained. 
                       I looked at my outfit already set for tomorrow and I decided to attend Eve’s function despite my constraints. 

                      The long awaited day finally came; I called for a makeup artist from town.  I had some savings from the money from Mr. Richards. The makeup artist came at around 3 pm in the evening. I was in my bathrobe just waiting for her to prune me up. She has come with her assistant to help her out. I told them I wanted simple but classy make up. They really did a good job and I was very impressed with my looks. They styled up my weave which was short and wavy at the end. I was just ready to capture everyone’s eyes with this glamorous look. I dressed in my silver crystal short dress which had a cleavage at the chest and the back. It was shining and sparkling because of the crystals. I wore my short heeled silver boots and my silver clutch bag and I was set to go. 
                     Eve reached at ten minutes past 5 in her SUV van with the other unlimited spenders.  They were all praising my fashion sense and told me that I looked so pretty. For this party, we had agreed to design ourselves personally so that we see whose fashion sense is the best. But we were all looking glamourous anyway. My brother told me would come later with his friends. In around five minutes, we were already at LUNC because it was next to my home. We found quite a number of people who had arrived and we went to the VIP section. Eve was waving at her friends from other colleges who were calling out her name then other students who were from our college were calling out the names of the rest of us. Most of the people were at the swimming pool in there swimsuits others were at the pool table area while others were at the dance hall. Some were at the gardens taking photos while others were at the café of the club eating Snacks. 
                     Eve and Cleo were up and down greeting the guests and making sure they had everything they wanted.  Georgina, Denise and I were seated in the V.I.P. I got tired of seating and I went to where Brianna and her friends were at the pool table area. I was now very familiar with the place since I was there the previous night.

           Brianna welcomed me and gave me whine I knew her friends because they were my classmates. We started dancing and screaming as I looked around I saw Mark and Rochelle dancing and very happy. Brianna noticed that I was looking at them and she caressed me. I couldn’t deny the fact that I was jealous because it was on such events that I needed Mark’s company. Brianna decided to take me to the swimming pool area because she thought I would be uncomfortable around Mark and Rochelle which was true.
                       We found most of our classmates at the swimming pool and it became more fun. My brother and his friends arrived at around 8pm at night. I was excited when I saw Jade because I thought that he would give me company like last night but to my surprise, he told me that his girlfriend was waiting for him at the pool table area. I was so disappointed because he paid little attention to me at the party because he was always with his girlfriend. Eve and the other girls were having fun with other girls from other colleges. They were at the dancefloor showing their best strokes while some people watched them and cheered.
                    Brianna left at 9pm at night and I started being bored. I couldn’t join the unlimited spenders because I wasn’t a good dancer. I tried to convince my brother into going home but he said he was having fun and he couldn’t leave his friends. I went and sat in the VIP as I watched the unlimited spenders. At around midnight, Bruno came to where I was seated and asked me if I was bored and I told him yes. He asked me to dance with him and I couldn’t say no because I saw it as a chance to make Mark and Jade jealous. We danced to the slow music till 4am in the morning. Mark and jade looking at us because the way we were dancing it was really eye catching and you could think that we were in love.  Eve called upon the unlimited spenders to cut the cake as a way of coming to the climax of the party. She also emphasised that the music will continue playing until morning.
                        Bruno refused to let go of me because he used this opportunity to get close to me. I went with him to the high table and Eve couldn’t say no because they were best friends with him. We cut the cake and served it to almost everyone. Some waitresses helped us to serve the cake. Some people started departing after us cutting the cake but my brother said that we stay till morning because our parents were not home.  I continued dancing with Bruno and his friends till morning and I must agree that this was a remarkable day in my life.












CHAPTER 9
WHAT IS THE SECRET TRAGEDY BEHIND ASHLEY’S SICKNESS

In the morning when we got home, the maid told us that we were having fun when our parents were not there. We just laughed and told her life is too short and we had a chit chat for a while then I and Ronnie went to our rooms. Our parents were to come back that day in the evening.  When I got to my room I slept till afternoon. When my alarm rang, I got up and showered so that my parents would find me set. By 3:00pm in the afternoon, all of us were in the living room watching a movie.
                   Our parents arrived at around 4:40pm from the province, I and my brother Ronnie went and hugged them and the maid took their luggage from them. We sat on the sofas after as our mom was telling us the amazing stories from there and the people who had sent us there greetings. My dad had gone to their room to rest because he was so tired since he was the one driving and they also had to drop off Aunt Linda and Jane who stayed in different towns. Time went by as we were listening to our mom and laughing and that is how that day ended. The next morning, I was making the second week at home. Richards texted me that cosy morning that he wanted us to meet at the town cafe in the evening. I texted him back and told him I will be there. I stayed home doing some chores, washing my shoes and clothes. In the evening, I showered and left off to the town café. I found Richards already there so I sat down and ordered for a hamburger and soda. We talked and laughed for a long-time and in that talk we were both getting to know each other. 
 
                  In his eyes, Richards looked so serious that he made me get an idea of marrying him in my mind. But I later stopped my fantasies and realized that it was stupid. We talked for over two hours and a half then at around 6:30pm, he told me it was getting late and gave me some money and we said goodbye to each other. I took a taxi to the apartment of the unlimited spenders because I was sleeping at Eve’s apartment and she was okay with it. I found them talking about yesterday's party; they were discussing the fun and weirdest moments at the party. Eve was always bringing up the incidence of my dance with Bruno and how intimate it was. I was just laughing because there was a way Eve loved exaggerating scenes and when they collided with Georgina it became worse. I laughed my ribs off then I told them it was just a dance.
                 The unlimited spenders thought I was single because they never knew that I was dating older men like them. That’s why Eve continuously hooked me up with several boys at college but I always told them no. I preferred dating men for interest to avoid heartbreaks.  At around 9:00pm at night, the unlimited spenders had to send me off to sleep in the guest bedroom because it was time for them to do their business. I went and slept off in the room till morning. Eve's singing woke me up and I decided to join her to prepare for breakfast. I helped her to fry eggs and sausages as Eve was baking yummy bread in the oven. We cooked as we were singing and dancing. It was one of my most fun moments with Eve. The other girls also woke up because of our singing and came and joined us. We later had a joint breakfast and it was fun having breakfast with the unlimited spenders because we were age mates and we had the same ideas in mind. After breakfast, we watched the latest movies with our popcorn and I must admit I really enjoyed my Tuesday morning. At around 2pm in the afternoon, I had to go back home because my mom was getting restless with her calls all the time.
                 Eve decided to escort me back home and we decided to walk to there because she had taken her car for servicing. It was a long and interesting walk and Eve was always stopping to greet her local fans as she called them. When I reached home, I found my mom shaping the flowers in the garden. When she saw me she told me to first go to her for a second. Then she asked me how my night was and I told her that it was remarkable. I stayed there helping my mom in shaping the flowers as I told her about my whole experience.
            
                   The following week on Wednesday, I decided to pay a visit to Ursula who had been hospitalized for the past weeks. Her doctor told me she was getting better although she was still weak. I asked him if could see her and he told me yes. When I got to the room where she was confined I knocked on the door although I was scared that she would chase me away but it was quite the opposite because she welcomed me well with a smile even. For a moment I thought she had amnesia because I expected her to back at me and chase me away. “How u doing Ursula? I carried some fruits for you.” I said placing the fruits on the table. She smiled and said in a faint voice, “Am improving thanks to all your prayers.” I took advantage of the good mood she had that morning and I asked her, “Can I ask you a confidential disease.”
                     “You want to know my disease right?” she asked me crying suddenly. I sat on her bed and held her hand I told her, “please don’t get emotional; it’s okay if you don’t want to tell me.”  She said wiping off her tears “Am going to trust you but am not going to tell you how I acquired the disease.” I helped her wipe off her tears with my wipes and handkerchief and told her, “Its okay, you can trust me dear.” She kept quiet and said suddenly, “I have HIV/AID's and what triggered my out Break was that I had taken two months without taking my ARV's because I felt so tired of my life having to depend on tablets.” I felt so puzzled and I didn’t have to tell her. I couldn’t believe what I had just had and I wondered where Ursula had got the disease from but at the same time I knew that I could not judge her. She then started crying again and said, “I know you have many questions spinning in your head but I can answer none of them Ashley, help me and go out please. There I stood with tears rolling down my cheeks and looking at her with pity and fear. Her divested state made me cry even more I just left the room and I felt like I was carrying her burden on my shoulder.
           In life some days you get the bear, other days the bear gets you. I couldn’t believe that Ursula had AIDs and I was wondering where she could have got it from at such a young age. I knew that her boyfriend George could not be the cause of this disease because we were close for quite a while and he would have told me if he had AIDs.
                    When I got off the taxi which had packed outside our gate, I went inside the house and locked myself in the study room for the whole day taking whiskey in order to forget what Ursula had told me. I wouldn’t have loved the same fate I kept on thinking to myself.

                      On Friday as I was home in thought on the balcony, Eve called me and she told me that she was so disappointed in me. I asked her what triggered her disappointment but she refused to give me a clue but she told me that she will drop by our house to tell me everything. In conclusion, there is no smoke without fire therefore whatever happened to Ursula there was a secret story behind it which I had to discover.
                   As Eve had promised, she dropped by our house in the evening. I told the maid to direct her to the study room and we talk from there. She found me already sorted and I offered her a glass of whiskey after she had taken a seat. “So Eve, what’s the reason behind your pleasant visit.” I asked her sipping my whiskey. She first stared at me then said, “You look so down to earth, what’s your problem?” I put my glass down and said, “Am doing fine don’t worry, anyway what brings you here today?” she smiled and said, “All along you didn’t tell me that you were in a relationship with Mr. Richards.”
             “Hmmm.., sorry! How did you find out?” I replied in amazement. She laughed her demonic laugh and said, “Richards is my friend and he told me himself although they say that Rome wasn’t built in one day, your Rome was built in one day.”
                 I laughed out loud and said, “out of sight….out of mind, he is the one who approached me.” I ended with a rictus. I could see fury and anger in her eyes although I didn’t know why she was like that although she was putting on plastic smiles. “ don’t defend yourself we are not in courts-of-law, anyway there’s no time like the present so enjoy it while it lasts, She said with a plastic smile and she also added that, The nail that sticks up will be hammered down.”
             We then both laughed trying to mock ourselves and I said with a smile that, “in climax, a new broom sweeps clean.” She then laughed again and said, “Am sorry Ashley but am not in the mood of chit chat so I will be heading out now.” I stood up and escorted her out of the gate to her car and I decided to walk to Brianna's home to cool off my stress from there.















CHAPTER 10.
THE BETRAYAL THAT LED TO EVE’S DEATH

As days passed by, Eve volunteered to be my middleman of me and Richards because she was our mutual friend. I accepted because I trusted Eve so much and whenever she went to the browns clothing company LTD, she would come back with a message to me from Mr. Richards. But sometimes, she would forget her messages because I used to ask Richards and he would tell me that he hadn’t seen Eve the whole day. I just gave a deaf ear to this because I always loved taking things easy. Eve was hauteur more less a traitor. I decided to hawkeyed her steps.
                  One time I was bored at home and I decided to go to the apartment of the unlimited spenders. I found Denise, Cleo and Georgina talking and they told me that Eve had left earlier. I thanked God that she wasn’t there because it was going to be hellish to run into her.
               The girls welcomed me well and I joined there talk. Cleo told me that there next talk was about every one's crush and then I sat down and joined there circle. Denise told me that I should be the first to talk because I had been the last to join the circle. Cleo said that instead of wasting time, everyone was aware that Mark was my crush till date. We all just laughed out loud. “Who’s your crush Cleo?” I suddenly asked her. She smiled and said, “Being realistic I don’t know the meaning of love girls, I guess like just guessing maybe my crush was Mark.” We all laughed then Denise said that she envied Mark because two unlimited spenders were crushing on him. “Love is just a word until we find someone to give it meaning.” Georgina said.

                    “Can you imagine what Eve told me yesterday?” Denise exclaimed. “All of us are eager to listen to what you have to say so just spill the beans.” Cleo said. “Hmmmm..! Well girls, Eve told me that she is in love with the vice president of browns clothing company LTD.” Denise told us still in amazement herself. “That is not a piece of cake, are you sure about it Denise?” I asked her still in amazement. Denise smiled and continued assuring us she even said that, “A picture paints a thousand words and I saw a picture of her and Mr. Richards under her pillow which means that she’s always thinking about him.” Cleo still laughing out loud about everything said, “Eve is a traitor I swear, she hadn’t told me anything yet.” Georgina said, “Guys wait a minute, I thought she loved Mr. Browns.”  Cleo then said replying to Georgina that, “She didn’t love Mr. Browns but just after his money.” Then they all laughed and said that Eve is a naughty girl.  I felt so annoyed because I had trusted Eve and all her intentions because I thought she loved Richards for me. I suddenly remembered the messages she was lying to me about Richards.
         I felt so tired of Eve and her schemes.  She stole Mr. Browns and I did nothing about it but this time I was not going to let her steal Richards from me.  “Ashley dear, why are you so quiet?” Cleo asked me. “We have said over a thousand words but you seem to be somewhere else.” Georgina said. Denise laughed and said, “Or you’re surprised that Eve is in love?”  To be honest I wasn’t listening to what they were saying. I just heard voices but my mind was concentrating on Eve's betrayal.


                     I just left their apartment to find a way of giving Eve a test of her own medicine. Denise came running after me trying to stop me. I just stopped to listen to what she had to say and she was asking me why I had suddenly got numb and I told her that I remembered that I had to help my mom at the bakery. “Oh really! You had got me worried Ashley; I thought you were going to tell Eve what I had told you.” She replied smiling. I told her everything was okay and I left to head back home and come up with a perfect strategy to revenge on Eve.
                      On my way, I decided to call Richards and tell him to explain to me his bullshit with Eve. He agreed to meet me up at the town café were we usually met up immediately. I changed my mind and I boarded a cab to the town café. He arrived twenty minutes after I had arrived when I saw him I started crying and soaking in tears trying to pool off some drama. When he got to me, he touched my shoulder and asked me why I was crying? I told him to take a seat and when he settled down he ordered for coffee and I told him that I wasn’t hungry. As we waited for the coffee, I asked him he was in a relationship with Eve. He laughed and said, “Come-on babe, that’s the reason you’re crying, I can’t date Eve in the first place because I don’t deal with whores.”
                           He continued to say, “Ashley, you just give a cold shoulder to Eve’s words because she is trying to force herself on me but am only into you.” When I heard this I immediately rubbed my tears off my eyes and I said, “Are you serious?” He told me that whenever Eve went to him, he used to badmouth me and also she was always proving that she is more superior to you.” This statement made me angrier with Eve not because of badmouthing but trying to prove that she’s my boss or something. I apologized to Richards for not believing in him and since he is a gentleman he didn’t take it as a big deal. 
                      After our thirty minutes talk, he drove me to my residence because he was worried I could get an accident according to the state I was in. When I got home, I failed to get sleep all night thinking of my revenge to Eve. She sent me many messages that night but I read none. I thought she was trying to explain what Denise had confessed to us. I felt like I had a chip on my shoulder. I regretted ever trusting Eve and I blamed her for all my misfortunes. She had become a living ghost in my life who had to be sent back to the grave. I decided to pay her a visit tomorrow but it was going to be like a fight between ac at and a rat. I knew that one of us had to lose or even die but I was more than ready for that as long as I had revenged on her.
                   The next morning, I went to the apartment of the unlimited spenders and I was ready for any outcomes. I was tired of Eve ruling me and stepping over me. I was feeling hurt by her betrayal and today I wanted us to see who is more superior to the other. To make the day more colourful, I decided to where only black clothes. I wore a black long dress with a scarf on my head, I had a black shoulder bag and black shoes because I had already mourned for my own death. I walked on foot to their apartment which had never happened before. With Eve, you give her a dime you expect a dozen. When I got to their door, I knocked and Denise opened the door for me. She hugged me with happiness then she asked me if I was also joining them for hiking on the mountain. She told me that Eve was texting me and calling me last night to tell me about us going hiking but I wasn’t answering. I just walked and sat down because just hearing the name Eve just made my blood boil with more anger.

                             I barked at her with all the anger in me saying, “Call Eve that’s all I wanted at the moment.” She looked at me trying to figure out what the matter was but she couldn’t understand it. When Eve came, she was smartly dressed and I could tell that she was going to meet up with a man. 
                           When she saw me she acted shocked to see me and said, “I didn’t know we were having people mourning this morning, who died?” she asked with a smile. I stood up and went to her and said, “My fear for you died, our friendship died and your lies have also died. Let us try putting our masks off Eve.” Eve started looking at me and wondering what this was all about. She took off her high heels and sat in the sofa thinking that I wanted to talk to her about it. “Ashley dear, please take a seat let’s talk about your problem with me.” I went to where she was seated and I said barking, “My problem huh! How dare you seduce Richards yet you are aware that he is in a relationship with me.” When I said this all the other unlimited spenders who were watching us at a distance giggled.
                        Eve stood up and started crying and she said, “You mean he told you those lies about me and you believed them; you know I can’t do that to my best friend.” I pushed her back to the sofa and I said, “I thought I was clear enough, I said let’s take our masks off because a leopard never changes its spots.” Eve started crying the more but I could see the anger in her eyes and that’s when I realized that I was reaching her limits but that didn’t stop me from telling her what I wanted her to hear.

                          “You stole Mr. Browns from me and I went numb.” I barked at her. I never knew about your relationship with Browns; so all along you’re selling yourself to old men. Eve replied still crying and trying to act like she is the victim.
                       All the unlimited spenders laughed in disbelief when they had this because they were surprised that I could do all these things. I looked at them and turned back to Eve and said, “But anyway it’s my fault because I barked upon the wrong tree.” Eve stood up and said, “Never bite the hand that feeds you Ashley, but anyway it’s not my fault that all men want me.” I clapped my hands and said, “Bravo, you have finally displayed your real colours.”  
                         “I admit that I have betrayed you but at least be grateful that I have taught you not to cross your fingers thinking that everything is okay.” Eve replied barking at me. 	I started crying as Eve got her bag and start down trying on her high heels. With all my anger and wrath I told Eve that, “I admit that I was nobody before I joined the unlimited spenders but that doesn’t give you authority to take over what is mine.”
                     Eve laughed and said, “Please clean your crocodile tears I don’t want them on my expensive carpet. Secondly, you have never been grateful to me for changing your life just admit it dear you are very ambitious.” I lost my cool when Eve called me ambitious. I got to where she was and hit her hard on the cheek. She stood up and said, “Are you contented or I should also turn my left cheek?” I was so hurt to hear all these words coming from Eve. Truth be told, I loved Eve like a sister because she has always supported me yet all along I was just an ambitious girl in her eyes. I sat down on their carpet crying ad helpless and I said, “Eve, I would have accepted this if it came from anyone else but not you.”
                      She laughed trying to mock me and said, “You’re only surprised with that, you haven’t seen what am capable of.” She came to where I was seated and grabbed my hair and started pulling me on the carpet like I was rubbish. In self-defence, I pushed her back and she fell on the floor.  Eve stood up and broke her flower vase then she got one of the vases and I saw her coming in my direction where I was seated and crying. She came to me and laughed at the state I was in because I had even started shaking and trembling. Cleo came and tried to calm Eve down but she told her to stay out of this. Eve said told me that let me see if anyone will crush on you again before I could even know what she was going to do she cut my right cheek with the broken vase and she started laughing as blood started to flow from my left cheek.

                              Denise and Georgina came to my help ad they started throwing insults at Eve but she was just laughing. Eve told Cleo to clean up the mess from the broken vase. I could let her go and move on like nothing had happened. I separated myself from Denise and Georgina and went to Eve who was approaching the door and walking like nothing had happened. I went in front of her and I pushed her so hard that she fell on the broken flower vase pieces that cut her head and back. When she stood up trying to call for help, I saw a piece of the flower vase stuck in her head and that’s where most of the blood was coming from. I stood at the door in shock and Eve was shouting, “You have murdered me you ambitious girl, you’re a murderer.” She said this statement over and over again. Cleo ran to her aid but she didn’t know what to do. She tried removing the broken piece from.
                            Eve’s head but she said she couldn’t handle the pain she wanted a doctor. Georgina screamed so hard out of fear and she ran to her room. Cleo called for an ambulance while Denise called my mom to pick me up. Eve suddenly lost her consciousness and Cleo was with her crying. Cleo and Eve were childhood friends and they were almost like sisters that’s why I could understand her pain. The ambulance arrived ten minutes later and Cleo went with it. Denise stayed comforting me and cleaning my wound to reduce on the bleeding. My mom arrived fifteen minutes later after the ambulance had left. I ran and hugged her when I saw her but when she saw blood on her shirt and my face wounded, she started crying. “What has happened to you my dear?” my mom asked so sorrowfully. I told her to just take me to the hospital because I needed treatment. 
                                  When we reached outside the apartment building, people were staring at us because they had just seen Eve being rushed to the hospital and after that they saw me with a bleeding scar on the face. The police had also just arrived and they tried questioning us but Denise said that she will stay behind and answer their questions.
                                  When we got to the hospital, I was rushed to the Intensive Care Unit where they were going to stitch my wound. I went for surgery and they paralyzed me so that I wouldn’t feel any worse pain and I suddenly lost consciousness after the injection they gave me. When I got up, my mom told me I was in a coma but it wasn’t serious because I spent only two days in the coma. She also told me that in my case it was normal that I couldn’t speak but I could listen. She told me that my dad ad Ronnie will drop by in the evening. I was just shaking my head to show her that I was listening. When I touched my face and I felt the scar, I started crying. My mom went to call the doctors who injected me some medicine and I slept off again. When I got up, I saw Cleo, Denise, Georgina and my mom seated in my room. 
                                When my mom saw that I was up already, she came to me and asked me if I wanted anything and I nodded telling her no. The unlimited spenders requested my mom to step out for a moment so that they would speak to me alone. 
                         
                                       When she got out Cleo was the first to speak and she apologized for what Eve had done to my face. Georgina started crying and said, “You’re lucky that you survived but Eve died today,” Denise also said, “Yes Ashley, Eve died today and it’s a pity that we can never be the unlimited spenders once again.” Cleo also crying said, “We have no right to judge either you or Eve but please Ashley just forgive her for her shortcomings.”
                                       When she talked of forgiving I went out of control and I tried to force myself to speak so that I would remind her of all the evil things Eve had done to me. Denise told Cleo that maybe I wasn’t happy with what she had said and she told her to call the doctor.  When the doctor came, he told them to go outside because they were stressing the patient and he injected me with medicine which made me to sleep off again. When I woke up, I saw my mom sleeping next to me. I wanted to thank her for being there for me in my condition but I couldn’t talk. I started reading the magazines which were next to me on the other side. When she got up she told me that Ronnie my brother was looking after me for that night. I wasn’t happy with my brother coming over because when he was always with me, all he would do is to look at my scar and cry most of the time which would also make me to get sad. My mom would always tell him to be strong for me but my brother was very sensitive. I had so much I wanted to say but I couldn’t talk and this hurt my family because they wanted to know what had happened to me that fateful morning and the apartment of the unlimited spenders. 







CHAPTER 11
THE RAPE INCINDENT THAT CHANGED MY LIFE

 This week marked my two weeks confined in the hospital but it was also the same day when I was discharged from the hospital because the longer I stayed in the hospital, the more the expenses were which my dad was trying to avoid.
                             We went back home that morning and I was happy because literally I wasn’t a fun of hospitals. When I was home I had to remain on my bed the whole day because I was still paralyzed. The hospital gave us a nurse to keep helping me with my exercises and therapies which would help me recover faster. My brother always came to room with his phone so that I would check on my social media accounts. He used to do everything to cheer me up and some days he would absent himself from classes just to stay with me. The day I can never forget was when he came back with his friends and they danced for me trying to cheer me up but I could only smile and I couldn’t talk. All my classmates at the college were now aware of what had happened to me because bad news spreads faster than wind I guess. Some were making fun out of the situation, criticizing me and making memes of me saying Eve’s murderer, am prostitute Ashley and so many more while others felt sorry for me and saw this a lesson to them. I was always miserable in my room and I wondered why I didn’t die in the hospital.
                   The town priest also came to see me because the news had spread all over town because Eve was a public figure and very popular. When he came he told me if there was any confession I had to make and I wrote down on my notepad that I had none. “Ashley my daughter, you should turn back to God and leave all your evil ways because God has given you another chance to live and you should utilize it.”The priest said in his calm voice. I got my note pad and wrote a text saying, “With all the evil I have done in my past, God can’t forgive me.” He told me that it’s the reason I must confess and seek forgiveness from God. The priest then started praying while touching my forehead but when he said that  because the word of the Lord says that, “In Matthew 11:28, that come to me, who are tired from carrying heavy loads, and I will give you rest.” When he said this I started crying and I felt like something unusual had touched my soul. I felt a feeling of peace which I hadn’t felt in a long-time and I continued crying bitterly because I felt like my burdens were all going off my shoulder. When the priest saw me just trying to say something he called the nurse to come and check me when they came back they found me talking again and saying, “he is a living God” I was saying this statement over and over again and my mom just hugged me because she had lost hope that I will ever speak again. I realised that it is true that God leaves within us but my problem was that I wasn’t ready to forgive all those who hurt me.
 
               My family was very excited including me personally because it was a great miracle for me to talk again. This was the day I believed that we all have a living God and I felt so excited about it. I believed that God was there but I wasn’t ready to change to being a church girl because my evil mind-set was still in me and I still wanted to take revenge on Richards and Browns. As days passed by I was happy because I was getting better. I had a mission to accomplish which was taking revenge on the two old men that had ruined my life.
                          I was doing my physical exercises very well and I started walking again. This was good news to my parents who thought I had learnt my lesson and I wouldn’t do anything foolish again which they were wrong about.  
                  A month had now passed and I was normal again. The new semester had started and most students had enrolled back to school. My mom was still deciding whether to take me abroad to finish my studies there or to take me to some school in the province called St. Anna high School which was a good school even better than Braxton College. I told my parents that whatever they would choose was okay with me. My parents used to put money on my account weekly these days because they didn’t want me asking for money from the old men again. Today after my usual sessions with my physiologist every Wednesday, I decided to pay Richards a visit to give him a piece of my mind in fact a taste of his medicine. I didn’t really show my mom that I was getting better because I didn’t want to go back to college again. I wanted to join Eve where she was “DEATH”.
                When the physiologist session with Ms. Betty ended, I went back to my room to prepare for my mission as she left. Both my parents had gone to work, my brother was at school and the maid was a good friend of mine who I trusted that she couldn’t tell my mom in case I went out because I had also kept her secret from my parents and brother that she was a drug addict. I found out that she was a drug addict during these days when we were home together because I was sick and she pleaded for me not to tell anyone because she didn’t want to get fired. So today was the day that she had to pay back that favour. She called a taxi for me which took me directly to the Brown’s clothing Company Limited. When I got there, I told the receptionist that I had an urgent meeting with Richards. On my way to this company, I bought a sharp new knife and I put it in my shoulder bag just to be safe and that’s how heartless I had become. The receptionist told me to go and wait for him in his office because she knew me and Eve. The receptionist was looking at me with scary eyes because she thought I was a murderer I guessed so because my incidence with Eve had gone viral.
                       I had worn a hoodie and shades trying to hide my identity. One of my hands was holding my cheeks covering the scar on my face. I got in the elevator and went to the third floor where Richards’s office was. When I opened the door, I found Mr. Brown’s there. He was surprised to see me just like I was surprised to find him in Richard’s office. All my anger for him came back to me and my mind was telling me grab your knife and end his life for once and for all because that’s the only way you can obtain peace but on the other hand something in mind still was telling me that you’re not a murderer Ashley just calm down. He clapped his hands with his annoying smiles and said, “Long time my mistress.” I barked at him in a loud voice and said, “I was never your mistress Oldman. “He then laughed again and said, “Cleo told me what Eve did to your face may she rest in peace; but it’s a pity and don’t hide your face even Richard’s is aware.” Then he laughed even more. I was trying to hide my anger but I was losing it. I removed my hand from my scar and said, “My scar, my life and everything about me is none of your business how about you focus on getting a wife instead of spoiling the future of young girls. “I said raising my voice at him. He laughed again trying to mock me and he got up closed the door and all the curtains in Richard’s office.

                       My heart started beating as fast as it could as he came closer and closer to me. I became so nervous wondering what he was going to do next. I yelled at him and I told him to open the door but he was just laughing endlessly.
                              He came very close to me and said,” I know you’re wondering what is this Oldman is as you call me going to do next.” He laughed and started removing my hair from my face trying to caress me. I slapped him and told him to let me go and let his filthy hands off me but he was just laughing. He started getting closer and held me tighter the he started smooching my neck. I got annoyed and I hit him using my leg and he told me you’re going to regret this young lady. He came back to me and said, “I gave you a lot of money but I got nothing in return and so it’s my time to pay back.” He again started forcing himself on me and removed my jacket from me forcefully. I tried to scream but he had closed all windows and curtains. He took off him clothes and grabbed me forcefully to the floor where he raped me without any pity. I tried to fight him back but I was still sick and I had very little energy. I was crying and calling my mom for help but she wasn’t there at this moment. There I lay on the flow with an old man roughly my father’s age forcefully raping me. Whenever I screamed he would slap me hard on my scar on the face which was still healing and this would cause me a lot of pain. When he got annoyed of my screaming, he tied a handkerchief on my mouth and he did whatever he wanted to do. I felt so filthy and dirty as the Oldman moved his fingers around my innocent body.
                                     In my mind, I was regretting ever eating his filthy money and meeting the unlimited spenders who ruined my life. After him raping me, he dressed up very well in his court again and threatened me that if I ever talked anything he would kill me himself. Then he laughed and said, “It was good tasting a virgin it has been long since I slept with one.” He opened the door and left me there like a worthless dog. I was crying and crying but I didn’t want Richards to find me in his office. I looked at the blood on the office floor and I cleaned it with my handkerchief which I was using to cover my face. I dressed up and went to the washroom. All the workers were looking at me and wondering what had happened. All the workers at his company were scared of him and could do nothing to help me until some lady called Freda came to me and helped me walk to the washroom. Freda was in the leader of the church Ushers and also a friend to my mom.  I told her not to ask me any questions because I was going to answer none of them. 
                      When I got to the washroom, she saw the knife in my bag and she got terrified. I just looked at her and I washed my face put a new bandage on my wound, smeared lotion on myself and I told her to order a taxi to take me to Ursula’s home. I don’t know why immediately I left the office, I wanted to speak to Ursula. I hated the unlimited spenders and I had vowed to myself to never go back to their apartment. When the taxi arrived, Freda escorted me downstairs and some other lady as I put my hands around them. Freda wanted to come with me but I told her that I was okay. I entered the taxi and went to Ursula’s home. I called her and told her to be at the gate waiting for me because I couldn’t walk properly. 
                            When got to Ursula’s home she was outside the gate with Rochelle who was leaving because of the way they were hugging, I guessed she was leaving. When Rochelle was slopping from Ursula’s home, I didn’t want her to see me so I pulled my window upwards until I couldn’t see a trace of her. Then I called Ursula to come and pick me up from the taxi to help me walk. The taxi driver also got out and helped me on the other side. I put my arms around them as we headed to Ursula’s room.

                            The taxi driver left and I started crying again. Ursula came close to me and she hugged me tight, “What happened to you bestie? You don’t look good!” she exclaimed. “I have been raped Ursula and I don’t know what to do.” I replied crying bitterly. She stood up with a lot of anger and said, “What happened, where the rapist even found you?” I first stayed silent and let her ask me as many questions as she had in mind until she said that Ashley please say something. “It was Mr. Brown’s and I don’t know how am going to explain this situation to my mom.” I replied crying.
                           She sat down on her bed and said, “I had decided not to tell you how I got my HIV/AIDS but I think I should tell you now; Ashley I was an unlimited spender.” I looked at her in amusement and said, “What! How can that be possible? “She said that it was better if I just listened to her side of the story the she narrated to me like this, “I was also like you and I wanted to know how they earn their money, so Eve persuaded me to join there group and forbade me from sleeping with men when I found out that they were prostitutes claiming that I needed experience. I was happy with this because I thought she was my friend who cared about me. Then suddenly Mr. Brown’s approached me and said he was interested in me. Since I also wanted to start earning my money like Eve I accepted this offer because I didn’t want Eve to know I had got in touch with an old man. But what we as the innocent girls didn’t know was that Eve was the one secretly selling us to Mr. Browns.”
                        When she said this last statement I was shocked and I said “you mean Eve was that evil.” She nodded and said “yes she is beyond evil; Eve loved no one except herself. Whenever she recruited a new member in there group, she would tell Mr. Browns who would give her a lot of money in exchange. In fact Browns was her largest source of income.” After this Ursula paused. I wiped off my tears and said, “We are like fools, just see how we ended up as she is there in the grave very peaceful I swear Eve deserved more than death.” I said with all the anger and envy in my heart.
                     Ursula just stared at me and touched my shoulder then she continued narrating, “After being with Browns for a long time he had never even touched me in my waist so I thought he was a gentleman. Until suddenly when Eve came to class and told us how Mr. Brown’s had approached her and they were in a relationship and this was when I stopped seeing Mr. Brown’s as Mr. Perfect. I was so hurt and I couldn’t believe that Mr. Brown’s would do such an evil thing to me. I couldn’t believe he could dump me because he had made many promises to me like buying me a car, a mansion and taking me to out of the town trips and so much more. I decided to make an appointment with him to confirm if what Eve had said was right. He said we meet that evening in his office when most of the workers had left so that we would talk when no one was disturbing us. Since he had proved to be a gentleman, I knew that nothing was going to happen. I went in the evening to see him but my worst nightmare happened when I was there Ashley that sick old man raped me in his office yet he knew I had never slept with a man before.”
                       
                          When I heard this, I started crying again and she still continued narrating, “When I left his office after the rape I walked to the apartment of the unlimited spenders and I found only Eve there. I told Eve about what Browns had done to me that fateful evening, I even pleaded with her to break up with him because I didn’t want her to end up like me but she laughed at me and told me that it was ambition that caused it. That was when I discovered that Eve was very shameless and heartless. That’s when she told me that she already knew Mr. Browns and everything like I have narrated to you.”
                                 I held her hand and said, “I can imagine what you were feeling because its how I feel in my heart right now.”           
                          She laughed then she continued narrating, “You can understand me because you’re going through the same situation right now. The good thing about my situation was that he didn’t impregnate me but the bad thing was that I was contaminated with HIV/AIDS. But what made me happy was that when I told my parents the whole story, they didn’t judge me hut understood that it was because of the bad peer pressure from the unlimited spenders. I hated the unlimited spenders from that day and when I saw you joining them, I tried to advise you not to do so but it was obvious that your ambitions got the best of you.”
                      I felt sad when I had this and told her that,” I feel like I want to die Ursula, I want to know how you overcame this situation.”
                      She laid a deep breath and said, “It wasn’t easy but you can’t fight this problem on your own dear, you have to tell your parents so that they get for you a physiologist who deals in cases like ours. I can recommend you to mine and trust me you will be better with time. I just pray that you are not pregnant because it will be terrific.”

                       “I am afraid of my parents Ursula, my mom might kill me tonight or even heat me up in an oven. “I told her. She laughed and said, “A parent stays a parent no matter the circumstances. They will to judge you at first but you should be ready to face these circumstances because they are the returns of your ambition.” I took a deep breath and said, “Indeed these are the returns of my ambition and I want to be a lesson to many teenagers although am so afraid, I will face my reality with brevity and confidence.”
               Ursula stood up and clapped for me while smiling then she said, “That should be the spirit, Ashley.” I don’t know why but when she said this I smiled and got even braver. I told her to call my parents and my brother to come over to their house because I decided to tell them the whole truth. 





CHAPTER 12
FINDING COMFORT AND STREGTH IN URSULA’S CONFESSION ABOUT HER LIFE TIME TRAGEDY

My parents arrived at night while Ursula’s parents had already come back. Ursula didn’t tell them the reason why I was here but she told them to wait for my speech. When my parents arrived, Ursula welcomed them and led them to her bedroom where I was resting. My bother Ronnie had also come with them. When I saw my family, I started crying and I felt the pain that I was going to cause them. But I had decided to be honest to them for once and for all. Even Ursula’s parents came in and they all stood ready to listen to my story. 
                My parents and Ursula’s parents were still greeting each other because they had taken long without meeting. Ursula started for me as agreed and she said, “Ashley has a sad story she is going to tell us but we are all not going to judge her.”
                     My mom came and sat next to me and said, “Am getting worried my dear.”  I looked at her and said while crying, “Mom, please listen to my story. I have made many mistakes in the past mom and have placed myself where am not supposed to be. I was influenced by bad friends and it almost cost my life. In my teenage years, I have made many mistakes because of my ambition. First of all, I joined the unlimited spenders who are a group of ambitious girls in my class. They earn their money through prostitution and selling off virgin girls to older men. As a young ambitious girl, I wanted a better life for myself free from parental rules and monitoring. When Eve gave me a chance to join there group, I didn’t hesitate and I joined them but she told me not to do prostitution because she told me I wasn’t experienced.
                  Behind my back, Eve hooked me up an old man called Mr. Browns who you all know. Browns looked like a gentleman and he never touched my body at any time when we meant. But later Eve came to class and told us that they were in a relationship with Mr. Browns. I decided to leave Mr. Browns with Eve as any good person would and I continued with my life. No sooner had I left Browns than his vice president of his company called Richards courted me and I accepted him right away in order to get money from him. One day, I was at the apartment of the unlimited spenders but Eve wasn’t there. Denise then confined to us that Eve had a crush on Richards who was my partner currently but the unlimited spenders were not aware because they forbade me from dating older men. I felt so tired of Eve stealing all the good things I had and I decided to attack her the next morning.  I found Eve on her way out to see Richards. I confronted her about everything and we fought in the end because I realized that she wasn’t the kind of friend that I thought she was.
                        That was when she cut my face and I pushed her on the table in self-defence. What hurt me most at that time was that she refused to apologize to me for everything but rather she was calling me naïve and ambitious. All of you here at least have an experience of teenage life and we all know how they hate being called naïve, backward, ugly, fat, ambitious, looser and so on although most of the times it can be the truth. Most of us teenagers prefer being lied to and flattered than telling us the truth.
                        Anger took control of me and I decided to push Eve to the table and she hit her head and hand which led to her death because she lost a lot of blood.  I know mom and dad are wondering how I got to Ursula’s home yet you left me at home sick. I decided to go and attack Richards because I blamed all my misfortunes on him and that is a weakness most of us teenagers have because we don’t accept that we were the ones in wrong and we are always looking for someone to blame when things don’t go right. When I attacked Richards, I found Browns in his office and he raped me and according to Ursula, he has HIV/AIDS. Am requesting all of you not to judge me bit rather understand me.” I paused and Ursula hugged me as a sign of acknowledging by braveness.

                 My mom and brother were crying from the beginning of my narration up to the end. My dad was looking sad and miserable. Ursula’s parents were also crying because I think they remembered what had happened to their daughter.
                Ursula’s mom wiped her tears off and said looking at my mom who was still crying, “My daughter passed through the same situation and I understand what you’re going through, I request you not to judge her but please be there for her. Our children make many mistakes when they are young but we should always do our parental duties and never judge them.”
                        My mom looked at Ursula’s mom and said, “I think I have neglected my daughter when she really needed me. If I had made a follow up on her, this would not have happened.”
                      Ursula held on my mom’s shoulder and said, “This not the time of blaming each other, we should all just be there for Ashley and help her overcome this situation. Ursula’s dad said, “You should take her for a check-up tomorrow to confirm if she got AIDS and then take her to a physiologist.” I could see fury and anger in my dad’s eyes because he was very principled and didn’t want anything to damage his name. Am sure if we were home, he was going to beat me up terribly but he was controlling himself because we were at Ursula’s home. I was crying and saying am sorry to my parents but my dad still didn’t say anything. 
                    My mom knew about his anger problem and told me to stay at Ursula’s home for now until things cool down. My parents went home after some time and they were back early in the morning with the doctor. The doctor took blood from me and urine samples to check for pregnancy and HIV/AIDS. My mom was the only one who came back in the morning with the doctor. She told me that my dad was busy that’s why he didn’t come but I knew that she was covering for him. My brother Ronnie had to go to college and that’s the reason he wasn’t here. The doctor told us that the results will be ready the next week on Thursday. My mom said she will go to the hospital and pick them in the morning then come back to Ursula’s home. She left because she had to go to the bakery but she was calling me after every hour to check up on me during these days and also visit me when she had time.
             
                On Thursday morning, I and Ursula got up early in the morning to pray because it was the day the results were coming back. My mom arrived at 11:00am in the morning with the results. When I saw the envelope, I was very nervous and afraid because it determined my future. Ursula and her parents were also present including my brother who didn’t attend classes that day. My mom told us to first pray before we opened the envelope because she was a prayerful woman. We joined our hands and she led the brief, short prayer.
                   The prayer gave me courage to open the envelope and after reading my results, I got dizzy and I lost consciousness I think. When I gained my consciousness again, I saw my mom seated next to me holding the envelope. I told her that, “mom, please tell me that what I read wasn’t true.” My mom started crying sand said, “Its true dear, you’re pregnant and you have HIV/AIDS.”I screamed and I started shouting that, “I want to die.” I said this statement many times and my mom was forced to call the nurse to inject me with any sleeping pills which she had. Ursula came to the room when she heard me screaming and she also started crying. I was shouting and kicking the pillows and the bed cover. I begged the nurse to give me an over dose of the sleeping pills so that I can die. My mom told the nurse not to listen to her and to just follow the instructions she had given her. When the nurse refused giving me overdose, I started pushing her and kicking her hard. Ursula ran to call the gatekeeper and their security personnel to help them and hold my legs and hands.
                    As I was still fighting them, I remembered what the priest had told me that God had given me a second chance to life for something and that was to let other young girls like me out there to know that each and every decision we make in our life always has consequences. Before even Ursula came back, I calmed down and I told the nurse that, “The sleeping pills aren’t necessary because for the first time in my life, I have accepted defeat.” My mom couldn’t bear the pain I was going through however much she was trying to be strong. She moved out with the nurse and the next thing I heard was her crying and saying, “I neglected my daughter too much.” Then they moved away because they didn’t want me to listen to them.
                   After a while Ursula came back to the room with two other men and pushed the door hard. The three of them were all breathing fast because of the running I guess. When Ursula saw me, she looked surprised and asked me, “Where is your mom and the nurse?” I smiled and looked at the men she had come with who were all sweaty and tired from the running said, “Please gentlemen! Will you be so kind to excuse us for a while?”  The one at the doorway said, “We have no problem with that, ma’am.” Then they both moved out and left. Ursula was seated taking water trying to get her normal breath back. “What happened Ashley? I had to go to the neighbourhood and ask those gentlemen to assist you because I didn’t find Aggrey at the gate. “Ursula said still breathing so fast with panic. I laughed and said, “You will get a panic attack my sister, you went overboard but any way I realized that I still had a mission to accomplish.”
                   Ursula threw a pillow at me and said, “I wasn’t overboard silly, do you know how you made me worried? I had to go to the field and plead for those to footballers to come and help us. But anyway what’s your mission?” When she threw the pillow at me, I smiled and looked at her and listened to her but I was happy because once again I felt that someone cared for me genuinely. Despite all our wrangles in the past with Ursula, I was happy that our friendship has surpassed it. I told her that I wanted to post my story online so that teenagers can read it and learn something from it. I told her I wasn’t going to mind being judged and criticized as long as I knew I had a good intention doing it. Ursula welcomed this idea and told me that she admired my courage a lot because not many girls can be open and tell the world that they had HIV/AIDS. I told her that, “ Ursula!, one thing I have learnt is it two wrongs don’t make right, just look at me Richards and Browns played me for a fool and I decided to go and attack them but you can see what happened I was raped and now am even pregnant. If I had forgiven him, I would now be back to college and focusing on my studies.”
                 Ursula clapped for me and said, “As they say, misery Loves Company am sure Eve used all of us to help her miserable life become interesting but it’s a good thing that we shall write about our experiences and save other innocent teenagers from such people.” We joined our hands and cheered. Someone knocked and it was my mom. When she saw me happy again she came close to us and hugged both of us because it has been a while since I last smiled.
                                          
                                                    





CHAPTER 13
LEARNING TO EMBRANCE MY MISFOFORTUNES AND LEAVE WITH THE RETURNS OF MY AMBITION.

The next morning on Friday, I was admitted in a rehabilitation centre for psychological treatment. I was going to spend two months hospitalized. I had accepted the situation but I still needed psychological help because I would always get traumatized when I remember how Eve died or the rape incidence. The phycologists promised to help me learn how to cope up in such situations. I was sent to my room in the rehabilitation centre and my mom left after she had helped me lay the bed and organize the room. Ursula and my personal nurse stayed with me. The nurse had to make sure that I attended all my meetings with the psychologist while Ursula was just giving me company. Ursula used to drop by every after class to check up on me and on weekends she would spend the night with me.
               My mom was also dropping by everyday but my dad and brother hadn’t come by yet. My brother was avoiding me because it hurt him that I had lied to him and that I didn’t trust him enough to tell him what was happening in my life yet he used to tell me everything. I understood his anger but I never stopped hoping that someday he will forgive me and see me like his sister again. My dad was still annoyed with me but he paid for all my hospital bills but didn’t step in the hospital. Ursula always told me to give them time because time heals all wounds but I missed my young brother so much.
                       After 2 months, I was discharged from the hospital with my ARV’s. My belly had started swelling because the pregnancy was now showing. My mother was with me all the way because I was a first time mother. When we were leaving, people were staring at me with my big belly because I looked too young to be a mother but I just smiled at them because I had learnt how to cope with such situations from the rehabilitation centre. 

                      About a month ago, I had posted my story on all my social media accounts. I used to also go live on Instagram and Facebook and talk to the teenagers as I answered there questions from my former lifestyle. I posted videos on YouTube narrating my life since I joined the unlimited spenders and where I ended up. Most people knew the unlimited spenders and I told the media how they used to earn their money. I was surprised but none of the unlimited spenders came to me and confronted me about spoiling there reputation. I used to post all my sessions with my psychologist so that people who were going through the same situation can learn how to cope up with it. Many teenagers had in boxed me telling me there different experiences but most of them were afraid to speak up. Other teenagers told me that my story was a great lesson to them.
                         Ursula told me that the unlimited spenders lost their superiority at school because most people had found out that they were prostitutes. The unlimited spenders had moved out of their apartment because they could no longer afford it. She also told me that they sold all their cars and some of their clothes of. The parents of Denise took her abroad to Europe when they found out that she was a prostitute. The unlimited spenders were all from wealthy parents but Eve put her ridiculous ideas in their heads and manipulated them into becoming prostitutes. Cleo went back to staying with her mom and Georgina was staying with her elder sister because their parents were abroad.
                        Cleo’s mom refused to change her to a different college and told her that she had to face the returns of her ambition because she thought that it was going to be a lesson to her. Georgina was lucky that it was only her sister who got to know but the parents were not aware because they were abroad and her sister wasn’t that much of a saint either. 
                       Ursula and my mom always escorted me to my antenatal appointments with my gynaecologist. She told us that next month we could be able to see the foetus through the CCTV scan. I was very excited to see my baby because I had grown to love him/her. But she also emphasized that I had to take good care of myself because my pregnancy was risky since I was still young and my bones were not that strong and also because I had AIDS which my baby could get through birth. My mom on this note convinced me to stay at Ursula’s home till I gave birth to avoid my dad who could cause me stress. Ursula’s parents welcomed the idea and I stayed at their residence for the remaining months.
             
                    The Brown’s company collapsed during this time because some important officials from the government learned about my story and decided that such a case can’t go unresolved. When freely accused Browns for raping me, other girls came out and accused him of doing the same thing to them. His workers accused him of not paying them and threatening their lives with guns. With all these multiple charges, Browns was arrested and Richard was accused for being his accomplice. I was very happy because justice was finally served.
                  When my pregnancy got to the ninth month in February of the following year, I was admitted in the hospital because my pregnancy was a risky. I spent that month praying to God so that I and my child make it through the surgery. The priest used to visit me often because I had turned my life back to Christ and denounced all my evil ways and ever since that day when I got saved, I must admit that my life has been moving on well and I had no doubt that God was going to be with me as I delivered. My mother was with me in the hospital for all that month every day and night because we were in a private room. She was my strength in this entire situation and am grateful I have a mother like her. Most of the mothers wouldn’t have done what she has done for me because she chose to understand me but not to judge me or disown me. When people who used to come to her bakery mocked her for having a pregnant and sick daughter she used to tell them that she is proud of me and that she will always stand with me.
                    
                      Ursula used to visit me every day after classes and also deliver cards written to me from people who were in our class. Georgina, Cleo, Mark, Rochelle, Jude, Bruno, Brianna and many other classmates also used to visit me with gifts for my baby. They also used to tell me the funny stories from classes. I must admit that I felt loved by my friends. Mark didn’t judge me but he also understood me and we became good friends. Bruno also didn’t judge me but also understood that it was the influence of Eve that had almost cost my life. Most of my friends admired my courage to be honest and wanting to educate youth like them who were going through the same situation because most of them looked up to the unlimited spenders but they didn’t know that they were prostitutes.
                     On the fifth day of March, I had to give birth to my baby. I was so nervous when my water broke and I started getting contractions. It was on a Saturday and there were no classes that day so all of my friends were around to pray for me and wish me luck. I held on to my Bible and started praying to God as I was being rushed to another room where I was going to give birth from. My held on to my mother very tightly as I cried endlessly. My mother was telling me that I can do this I just had to trust in God. When we reached the room they closed the room and the doctors wanted to perform a C-section on me but my mom advised me to give birth naturally. I held my Bible and said, “Please God guide me through this.” I started pushing and everything went on smoothly. The next thing I got to hear was a baby crying. I felt so happy having brought someone to life. My mom carried the baby and showed her to me. Nothing can compare to the join a woman feels when holding her baby for the first time. The nurses and my mom took my baby to bathe her and remove the blood as I was taken back to my room to refresh and get ready for my many visitors. I had given birth to a healthy baby girl.
                            When I was back in my room waiting for my mom, my brother Ronnie knocked on the door. When I saw him I started crying and I wanted to hug him tight but I couldn’t move. He started crying and ran to my bed then he hugged me tight and said, “Am sorry my sister, I abandoned you when you needed me most.” I told him that, “I understand you dear because we had promised not to lie about anything to each other but I broke that promise and I know how much u detest lies and being made a fool of.” Thanks my beautiful sister for understanding me is what he said continuously. Someone knocked on the door and it was my mother holding my new born baby. My brother rushed to carry the baby and he told me that she was beautiful like me.  We decided to call her faith because she was produced very smoothly because of the faith I had in God.
                 My mom then opened the door for the visitors who were outside waiting. Some of my relatives had also come to congratulate me upon this success. The entire day was tiresome because so many visitors came but the good thing was that they left behind many gifts for my baby.
                  I had to spend a month in the hospital as there examining my baby to see if she didn’t have HIV/AIDS. My friends used to drop by and check up on the baby. My mom hired a private nurse for us and some body guard to keep us safe when she or Ursula weren’t around. We bought a small refrigerator where we put the baby’s milk, water and fruits for making juice. I was also recovering with the regular check-ups and medication from the doctors. I couldn’t breast feed the baby but she was still looking healthy with the milk we bought for her. After the month was finished, the doctor told us that my baby didn’t have HIV/AIDS. This was the best and happiest piece of information I had got in a long time. 
                  This week on Sunday, we had to baptize the baby at our town church. My mom and dad registered the child as their own to ease the process.  Ursula’s parents were going to be the God parents. On Sunday, they all gathered early in the morning and went to church with the baby. I stayed behind with the body guards. It was that Sunday when I saw my dad again after a long time and he told me that he was going to come back and we talk after the baptism. My aunties were recording all the videos about the function and sending them to me. I stayed in the hospital on my bed as I watched the videos.

                    The bodyguard told me that he had an emergency at home and he was requesting to go and check on his sick son. I told him to go but he had to come back before my parents. As I was watching the videos of the baptism, someone came inside my room and it was Mr. Browns. He had covered himself but I couldn’t fail to recognize the man who ruined my life. “What do you want you moron?” I asked him advocatory. He sat on the sofa and raised his leg on the chair then he said, “Aren’t you happy to see your baby’s father?” he replied with his mocking laughter. “How did you know that I gave birth?” I asked him. He told me that he was one of my followers on social media. “How did you escape from prison you old sick man?” I raised my voice at him. 
                     He laughed again and said, “I escaped from prison and I know that the police is looking for me.” I started crying because I got nervous and I thought he was here to kill me. I told him politely that, “Please don’t do any harm to me.” I beseeched. He laughed and got out his gun then he said, “I can’t kill you because you have given the best blessing that I have always wanted and that’s a child. Please take good care of her and never tell her that am the father because I don’t want her to be ashamed of me. Am going to end my life in this room today for once and for all.”

                    I was holding my blanket while crying. I wasn’t ready to see another person dying in front of me. I told him, “Please sir, don’t kill yourself you can rebuild your life.” For the first time in my life, I saw Mr. Browns crying and sorrowfully with a gun pointing to his head he said, “My life is meaningless without my company but I didn’t want to die before apologizing to you and Ursula. Please tell Ursula that I am sorry for everything.” The next thing I had was a loud gunshot. I covered my ears and closed my eyes because I didn’t want to see a dead person again. When I closed my eyes I was seeing Eve’s dead body and when I opened my eyes I was seeing Browns dead body. I started crying and saying, “He shot himself”. I repeated this statement continuously until some doctors and security personnel came to check on me and see what had happened. I was screaming, crying and shouting that “you’re dead please leave me alone.” This was because in my mind I was seeing Eve and Browns calling me to join them. The doctors knew that I was traumatized and they injected some sleeping pills in my body so that I would rest.
                      I don’t know what happened next but when I got up, I didn’t see Browns dead body in the room.  I saw my mom, dad, Ronnie, Ursula and her parents, Cleo, Georgina, Brianna, George, Mark, Rochelle, Bruno, my relatives and so many other people. My baby was in her crib sleeping. I asked them where Mr. Browns’ dead body was and they told me that it was taken by the funeral service for testing and checking. I felt so relieved because all my troubles had ended. Justice was finally served because Browns had apologized to me. I was a changed person and I was going back to Braxton College for the next semester to repeat Grade 11. My dad had forgiven me and had accepted my past mistakes. My parents were looking after my baby like there on. Everyone had school rather than criticizing me for my mischiefs, I ended up being there role model and a lesson to learn from.
                       I end by telling you this teenagers, Stay focused, and avoid bad friends and wanting to be part of the popular girls in college. Always listen to your parents because they know more about life than you. Always be open to your parent about the challenges you face while growing up and I assure you that they are ready to listen to you. And lastly be yourself, don’t think of doing something you don’t like because you just want to be cool in the end it’s your future that you’re risking. Always be contented with what your parents give you. But a tip you should remember is that everything that seems to be perfect always has a bad side of it. 
                 And to all parents out there, your children need you during their growing up stages. Please build friendship with them and always listen to them without judging them. Don’t neglect your child thinking that they are grown up and ready to make their decisions. Bad peer groups are there in schools but you need to guide your children. Don’t drown yourselves working hard for a future of your kids who may be ruining their future.

TO GOD BE THE GLORY
THE END

                    
