THE COCONUT OF TRUTH


The Coconut of Truth

by David J. Wighton

Book #31 in the Wilizy Series

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2021, David J. Wighton

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. 
Although this e-book might be sold at no cost to the reader at times, I retain ownership of the copyright and may elect to charge a small amount for its purchase at times. 
Thank you for respecting my copyright. 
Acknowledgements


Cover design by Rita Toews at E-Book Covers, East St. Paul, Manitoba.

Image by Hans Braxmeier @ Pixabay
Non-Wilizy Characters in this Book

Heaven
• 	Guinny, Galahad, Lillian, Joe-Joe, Keely, Shields, Meghan, Jacob, Paula, and Cassie. 

Pittsburgh Wonders
• Piper, Ruth, Manny (dad) and Rolf Jepson (son).
• Captain McNeil, Detective Sergeants Sigurdson and Alberts, Constable Flick.

Voodoo Characters
• Theogun (Theo), Yemoja (Nary), Papa Legba (Nary's father), Ogun, Dr. Damadian

Pandora
• Fred and Ethel; Ricky and Lucy.

The Cosmos 
• Justice

This page is to help you if you get confused about who is who in the story. If that happens, click your way back to the Table of Contents and scroll back one page. 
Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4 
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10 
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13 
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15 
Chapter 16 
Chapter 17 
Chapter 18 
Chapter 19 
Chapter 20 
Chapter 21 
Chapter 22 
Chapter 23 
Chapter 24 
Chapter 25 
Chapter 26 
Chapter 27 
Chapter 28 
Chapter 29 
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Books in the Wilizy Series
About the Author: David J. Wighton
Chapter 1

"I have some bad news for you," Shields told Jacob. It was the third week of March. They were in the Christian Soldiers' combat training room and had just finished the fifth training session that Shields had given Jacob since their return from Angelion. 
 "You're supposed to say: I have good news and bad news. Which do you want first?"
"I don't have any good news for you."
"Then, I'd like the bad news first."
"You're not cut out to be a Christian Soldier. You have no agility and no athleticism. Soldiers have to be able to fight and you won't be able to learn to do that."
"I fall down really well. That should be my good news."
"You're not physically aggressive enough either."
"That's rather blunt, isn't it?"
"I told you when we started that I was blunt. Did you want me to hold your hand and console you when you fall on your keister?"
"Yes, please. If I can't be a fighter, I'll be a lover."
"Being aggressive with your mouth is not the aggression we're looking for."
"So many female angels to woo, so little time."
"Let me introduce you to the reality of Heaven. All those women you want to woo are in angel bodies that have no sex organs and no sex hormones. Angelion gave us their cheapest possible angel bodies. Only angels in the Inner Circle are able to reproduce. Nobody else wants to or is able to have sex."
"Are you in the Inner Circle?"
"No."
"So all of my charm is being wasted on you?"
"Trust me, that's not charm."
"You like me though."
"I don't not like you."
"A ringing endorsement. What happens now? You'll send me back to Angelion?"
"No. There's more to Heaven than the Christian Soldiers. Keep working out with the weights I showed you and add more hours to your flying log." 
"What then?"
"I have to talk with Galahad."
"You don't know what to do with me."
"Right."
 # # # # # # # # 
It was still the third week of March. It was Winnie's first week back from her Dionysus and Angelion adventure. She was meeting with Maddy in the boardroom in Castle Camelot to talk about Maddy's efforts to get justice for the Arizona Wildcats who had lost in the Nationals to the University of West Massachusetts. That team competed under the name of Wooster Plungers because they had a toilet plunger on their uniforms. Maddy referred to her quest as Operation Plunger. 
"I've set you up so that you can see all of the University of West Massachusetts' non-financial files. These kinds of files are usually considered unimportant from a security perspective but let's be careful. Don't download anything. If you need a copy, take a screen shot."
"Ok."
"Let me show you how files on computers are organized. There are thousands of them, so any shortcuts that you can use to get to what you want will save you a ton of searching. I think that most of what you will need is information from the university's registrar. This gives you access to personnel files on every student in the university. Those files will give you home addresses, birth dates, and the courses of studies that they are taking. This is the folder, and when I click, you'll see... " 
 # # # # # # # # 
"So, you first need to make a list of all of the player names on the Plungers. There's bound to be a list of every member of every university team somewhere in here. University Teams, perhaps. I'll let you find it. Do you know how to get around now?"
"Yes."
"Now, let's talk about how much time you can spend on this operation. You're way behind on your schoolwork because of all the time you've spent with baseball. What are Maureen's plans for you?"
"No baseball whatsoever for the rest of the semester. The coaches banned the entire team from the sports complex so that they could rest their bodies. Nobody wants to practice anyway."
"Not even Maureen?"
"No. She hasn't said it, but she's really bummed out by what happened at the nationals."
"What will happen after school is out?"
"Maureen and Tanya are running a baseball camp for high school players this summer. It'll be a multi-age camp. Maureen saw how valuable this kind of camp could be if it were run properly, so the athletic department has approved the idea of taking a long view on where Arizona's future players will come from."
"Athletic Department is the search term you want." 
"Right. They haven't figured out how to structure the age groups and how long a camp should last yet. Maureen told me that I should book most of the summer for these camps. All of the other Wildcats have agreed to instruct and some former players will be asked as well. They'll be paid."
"OK, so as your official guardian, ahem, I'm telling you that you have to be caught up on your schoolwork by summer. Is that fair?"
"Yes, but I really dislike school. I'm not learning anything that I'll need in my life."
"I'll try and do something about that. I always found school to be boring too. Don't forget to stay sharp with your fighting. Shields said that you could work out with her when she's doing her own workouts. I'm going home for the weekend. I haven't been home for months. Do you want to come?"
"I should go with you. I'll spend a couple of days on Operation Plunger first."
 # # # # # # # # 
Karita and Reese were also thinking of going home this weekend, so the weekend turned out to be a giant catch up. After he cleaned it up, Reese invited Karita to see what his old bedroom looked like. Nobody in the family said anything when they spent the two nights together. 
Maddy talked about the baseball team and Hawaii, with some significant omissions, of course.
They heard what the Guardian Angels and Valkyries were doing now and how they had slings. Arizona was all clear of MescalMeth and they were moving onto New Mexico. 
Wizard and Dreamer talked about their investment plans for Project New Life now that Stu had legalized the project as a charitable organization. Lylah, Yollie, and Momaka were the trustees of the charity, which meant they had to approve all of Wizard's plans. In the past, some had been more practical than others. 
And of course, the babies were there in all of their squalldom: Dreamer's Franny, Lylah's Lohla Azure, Nary's Marie, and Kashmira's Mata. All were less than two years old. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 2 

One week later, Jacob was sitting alone at a table in the officers' mess at dinnertime. Shields came in and asked to join him. They were munching. Jacob wasn't saying anything. He knew why she had joined him. 
"I have some bad news for you, Jacob."
"Again with the bad news."
"You're not going to be a research scientist."
"Good. They waste a lot of time."
"How so?"
"Let's say that you want to eat that solitary grain of rice on your plate. Your boss gives you a fork and tells you to use it to pick up the grain of rice. You say the fork won't work. He tells you to prove it. You say that you don't have to prove it to know that it won't work. The ends of the fork aren't sharp enough to stab it. If you somehow did manage to get the rice onto the fork, it would fall off. It's obvious what's going to happen to anybody who knows about forks and grains of rice. He says that you have to prove it anyway. You say it's a waste of your time and you want something to do that isn't a waste of your time. He says you'll never be a research scientist."
"That's what happened?"
"With molecules, not with rice, but yeah. He even admitted that it was highly unlikely that the molecule would work but scientists have to confirm what doesn't work as part of building a body of knowledge."
"That sounds like a reasonable thing to do."
"It's not. It's a waste of time. Go ahead, pick up that piece of rice with your fork. See how you like it."
"It doesn't matter if you can pick up a grain or rice or not. You have to learn to get along with other angels. I heard that you made a number of disparaging remarks about your boss to his face."
"Should I have made them behind his back?"
...
"What job are you going to give me now?"
"I don't know. How's your flying?"
"It's boring. I'd be able to fly longer if I had somebody to fly with."
"Don't even go there."
"You saw right through me?"
"I did."
"You aren't not dumb." 
 # # # # # # # # 
The Office of the Registrar turned out to be a fruitful location, so long as you weren't looking for fruit. Maddy was searching for information and she found it. But first, she needed the names of the Plunger players, which were located in a file in the Athletic Department under the title Plunger Players. Thirteen players were listed in numerical order by their uniform number. Also provided were their first and last names, along with the position they played. There were four pitchers, five infielders, three outfielders and one utility player that could play anywhere. 
With that start, getting information out of the registrar' office was easy. It soon became apparent that she would need to write the information down; she'd never remember it all. Maddy's knowledge of computer tools was very restricted, so once again she would have to call for help. Winnie had turned on her voice mail messages, which meant that Galahad was sleeping over. That left Karita.
"Are you having sex right now?"
"It's the middle of the night. Why are you calling me?"
"I'm trying to organize a lot of information so that I can understand it better. I don't know what to do."
"You need to set up a database."
"How do I do that?"
"First of all, you let me go back to sleep. Go for a fly. I'll call you when I'm awake and have satisfied Reese's breakfast needs."
"Reese's breakfast needs?"
"Having breakfast and sex simultaneously on the breakfast table. We're trying to make more effective use of our time."
"Ah, man. Now I won't be able to sit in your kitchen any more."
"Got'cha. Don't call me. I'll call you."
 # # # # # # # # 
Shields had shown Maddy the training run that she used to stay fit. It ended at a giant waterfall that was not only beautiful but it could be refreshing if you needed a drink. [Mortal bodies only. Wet feathers add a lot of weight.]
Maddy was five minutes out of Heaven and on her way to the falls when she overtook another flying angel. That was unusual for this time of the day. The simulated sun was just cresting over the horizon. At this time of the morning, few angels would be up and around.
The angel picked up the pace as she passed him. "Mind if I tag along with you," he asked and sped up.
"I can't stop you," Maddy replied. This was somewhat rude, but he should have known. If she had wanted to fly in a group, she would have been in a group.
"I'm trying to fly to the falls. What about you?"
"It's best not to talk on training runs."
"You're on a training run?"
"I thought that was obvious."
"Shields told me about this run. She's helping me get in better shape. Do you know Shields?"
"Yuh. She's my trainer. Well, gotta pick up the pace. See ya." 
"I'm too tired to continue anyway."
Jacob had to land on a flower farm. Interesting. She was very rude. Did Shields set that up so that I'd see how it felt to meet somebody that was rude? Is this a test? Am I supposed to make friends with her? 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Hi, I have more energy now. May I please accompany you back to downtown Heaven?"
"Suit yourself. Don't talk and don't slow me down. I like to sprint at the end."
"My name is Jacob."
"What did I say about not talking?"
 # # # # # # # # 
"Flying alone is very boring," Jacob said, after she began to spiral around an empty spot in the prairie. "Would you mind if I flew with you again tomorrow? It'll help me out."
"Training runs can be boring. I won't mind so long as you don't talk. You could help me out by sprinting with me at the end. That's the toughest part for me."
"I'll find the best place to rest so that I can give you a race. Starting place?"
"Right here." She landed on the prairie and stomped out a big X. [Reminder, Winnie's castle was in a different dimension. She had to wait for him to leave before she could disappear.] 
"Same time?"
"Sun cresting the horizon."
"Thank you for letting me fly with you."
"You're welcome. Just don't slow me down. I get cranky."
 She was obviously waiting for him to leave, so he took off.
"Downtown heaven is 20 degrees to your left."
 It's a lesson. If I'm polite to her, she'll be polite to me. Shields is probably waiting for her to report. She does like me! 
 # # # # # # # # 
"How do you know so much about databases, Karita?"
"I use one to help me keep track of all the bots that I read. They're easy to set up and they help me organize my reading assignments and what I have to remember from them. Do you have all the data fields that you'll need?"
"I think so. Player number, player first name, player last name, player position, player home address, player age, faculty in which she is enrolled, courses taken in previous semesters, grade point average, and courses taking this semester." 
"You know how to add a field if you want more."
"I do now. Winnie said that she'd try to find a way to make my courses more enjoyable. I don't like school."
"I find all of my courses enjoyable."
"How many are you taking?"
"Twelve right now, but these are online high school courses, not university courses."
"What grade are you in now?"
"I'm graduating soon. I found the math courses hard."
"I'm only in grade 9."
"I have way more time to work on my courses than you do, Maddy."
"True."
"Do you know that if you want to enter the University of Arizona, you'll have to pass all of your high school courses and get good marks on them?"
"Are you sure?"
"I want to go to university. I'm looking at some universities right now and one of them is University of Arizona."
"I didn't know that. I just thought you had to be good at baseball."
"You should probably work harder on your school courses, Maddy."
"Yuck."
"You know how you don't want to be sitting at a place where Reese and I had had sex."
"Yeah. Why?"
Karita looked at the sofa where Winnie was sitting and raised an eyebrow. 
"Ah, man. Did you fumigate this afterwards?"
"Got'cha! I double got'cha'd you. You're so easy to get."
"Why did you do that?"
"I'm your sister. It's my job."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 3

One week later, Maddy had collected a lot of information from the registrar's file and had organized it. As a reminder, she knew player number, player first name, player last name, player position, player home address, player age, faculty in which she is enrolled, courses taken in previous semesters, grade point average, and courses taking this semester. 
She also knew that the average age of the team was 28 with the youngest being 25 and the oldest 34. The 34-year old was the mother of the batgirl who was also listed on the team list but had no entries in the registrar data, of course. 
All of the players were registered in one course this semester. Most of the courses were in the faculties of Education, Child Care, Music and Art history. 
None of the players had been registered in the fall semester, meaning they all had registered in January. There was no entry for their grade point averages because they hadn't completed any courses yet. The GPA would be calculated at the end of April. 
Maddy had found the website of the university and looked up the courses that the players were taking. Like all the university courses, they were scheduled for mornings and afternoons. None of the courses had pre-requisites, meaning that a student didn't have to know anything about the subject before taking the course. 
[Narrator: For most courses in university, you would have to take a course at the 100 level before taking courses at the 200 level which were prerequisites for 300 level courses, which were prerequisites for 400 level courses. All of the courses that the Plungers were taking were 100 level, meaning they were courses for freshmen straight out of high school.] 
Maddy now knew that the Plunger coaches had told the truth. Every player was registered at the university. This was not encouraging news. 
 # # # # # # # # 
"I have some bad news for you, Jacob," Shields said. She was meeting with him in Heaven.2 that Galahad was using as a training ship to teach angels from the other forces how to crew a spaceship. He had asked Jacob to handle their training because this was something that he'd know how to do. 
"Are you sending me back to Angelion?"
"No."
"Then it's not bad news." 
"You don't want to go back?"
"No."
"Why not."
"I had no friends there."
"You have no friends here."
"You're here."
"I'm not a friend."
"You don't not like me. That means you do like me. Two negatives make a positive."
"Mathematically, yes. But, not grammatically. I don't not like you, there's a difference. I'm not your friend. May I be blunt?"
"You always are."
"I'm helping you because Galahad asked me to. You can be a very irritating angel."
"I know. I can't help it. What's the bad news?"
"You're not a teacher. This crew is not learning."
"They're not trying. I explain everything very clearly."
"You are going through the training materials far too quickly for them to learn."
"The material is obvious to me. Why wouldn't it be obvious to them?" 
"You already know it."
"I didn't know it before I learned it and I learned it easily. They should too."
"You aren't very patient, are you?"
"What are you going to do?"
"Find another way so that you can stay in Heaven. Is there something that you can do for Heaven that doesn't require you to interact with other angels?"
"Nobody wants to be around me?"
"Getting along with others is something that you can learn outside of your work. Right now, Galahad can't have you irritating angels from the other corps when they are training. Some of them don't want to be here in the first place."
"Then they should not be training in the Heaven.2."
"Why not?"
"The Heaven.2 hasn't been serviced properly."
"How do you know that?"
"I know the quality of the Angelion angels who maintained the ships. They were not highly motivated. Plus, Heaven's ships didn't receive much attention at the best of times. Plus, I saw and felt the signs of bad maintenance."
"Was your ship maintained properly?"
"No. It was old, which meant that it needed more care than the newer ones, which the Maintenance Department didn't want to give. They argued that it should have been retired years ago."
"But your ship did well in the war games."
"Because I tweaked it."
"Meaning?"
"I took it apart between war games and gave everything a proper servicing. Also, I installed parts from the newer ships and made those work. That meant that my ship was brand new. We did well in the games because it was effectively a new ship and other captains thought we were easy pickings."
"Your crew?"
"It would be natural for a captain with a bad reputation to be assigned a crew with the same reputation."
"Did you train your crew?"
"I didn't even try. They knew the fundamentals. That was all I asked from them."
"Did Senior Command catch on to how you were upgrading your ship?"
"No. How would they? Supplies and parts were not monitored closely. I wasn't going to tell them that I was sleeping in the ship because that was against the rules. I'd attend officer meetings, try to keep my mouth shut, and fail to do that. They had no concept of strategy other than fall back, fall back, fall back. You taught them how dangerous that was. I had warned them about it years before."
"You slept in the ship."
"It was quiet and peaceful."
"What did you do when you weren't maintaining it?"
"I was always maintaining it. If a part failed too often, I designed one that wouldn't fail."
"Did you manufacture it too?"
"The base was empty in the middle of the night. I'd clean up after I was done each night. Nobody knew. Nobody cared."
"I have some good news for you, Jacob."
 # # # # # # # # 
While Jacob is receiving his good news, Maddy was reviewing her bad news. The Plungers hadn't broken any NCAA rules. They were registered university students. 
But I know they cheated somehow. I can feel it. 
...
Women of this age probably have jobs. Would they willingly attend a daytime university course that could foul up their job? Why would they? For a medal hanging from a ribbon?
...
What if they didn't attend the classes? What if they attended classes but didn't do any of the work? 
...
Students at Arizona State didn't attend their classes and the university didn't care. They never did the work and nobody cared.
...
Let's say that this is how they cheated. How do I catch them?
...
First, I need some information. 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 4

My readers may recall that Marie had been pressuring Nary to let her babysit Little Marie. That was four months ago back in December, 2094. [Cathog, #29] Nary was very resistant to the idea; her own experience of being raised by panthers and having crocodiles to play with probably had something to do with that. They reached a deal. Marie would help Theo choose a career and, in return, Marie would babysit Little Marie so that Nary could get on with her own career working with Mathias on weather management.
 It was obvious that the child's name Little Marie could not be a permanent name. Marie had agreed that she'd accept the name Marie Junior as a replacement and Theo and Nary had abbreviated that to Junior. Neither Nary or Theo liked that very much, but Voodoo royalty do have a way of getting their own way. You've probably heard of the ancient saying, It's my way or the highway. With Voodoo royalty, the saying is better phrased as It's my way or you're a highway.
It was time for Nary to respect the babysitting deal, regardless of her misgivings. With Marie's help, Theo had decided to try a career in politics and was off to Denver to talk with Stook this week. Mathias was pressuring Nary to help with some experiments. Persistence finally paid off for Marie. 
Nary had a number of rules. Marie had to take Junior to the play dates that the other infants and their moms were enjoying daily. Those dates would be with Franny (20 months), Mata (17 months) and Lohla Azure (5 months). Junior was 4 months old. Marie was supposed to watch what the other moms were doing and learn from them. 
In addition, Nary specifically told Marie that she was not allowed to strap Junior to the back of an alligator and let it go wandering around unsupervised like she had done with Nary. There was also the situation where all the kiddies were still on breast milk, to some extent at least. "That won't be a problem," Marie had said. 
So it was that Marie and Junior showed up at Kashmira's home this first week of April. Nary had showed her how to transport Junior in a baby wrap. It had seemed simple enough. But, that was with Nary doing the instructing and wrapping. Marie couldn't position the wrapping so that the kid wasn't bouncing of her knees. This didn't seem safe and Nary would undoubtedly complain. So, Marie laid the baby wrap on the floor, positioned Junior in the middle, gathered the wrap's corners and tied them securely together. She hung the baby wrap over her right shoulder. Easy peasy. The unwrapping was easy as well. None of the moms said anything. It was indeed a safe way to travel, at least at Marie's slow walking pace. 
 # # # # # # # # 
All the babies were on the floor, crawling around, or playing with little toys that the moms had brought. Marie had come prepared with an alligator eye that Junior liked to hold and put in her mouth. It was too big to swallow, so the moms didn't say anything. The eye didn't complain either because it was dead.
 # # # # # # # # 
The nature of little girls at this age meant that Junior was not playing by herself for long. A dead eye could only be mouthed for so long. Franny and Mata had adopted Lohla Azure as their little sister and did the same for Junior. They brought toys to both of them, held them, and tried to show them how to crawl. This was an important part of the play date because it allowed the moms to gossip. 
 # # # # # # # # 
A strong smell emanating out of Lohla Azure's diaper prompted Lylah to replace the offending garment. This was done in public and Lylah was doing it without thinking much about it because the conversation at this time was juicy. This prompted Marie to ask: "Why are you doing that?"
Lylah answered. "Because if you let her play in a dirty diaper, she'll get diaper rash and that's painful for her."
At that point, Kashmira noticed something that prompted her to say something out of concern for her recently finished flooring. "Junior is not wearing a diaper." That caused everybody to look except Marie who already knew. 
Kashmira was correct. No diaper. She did have a garment on, but not one that would hold back any floods or explosions of nature.
Marie saw the questioning looks and explained. "Nary uses diapers but I see no reason for them. Junior doesn't have anything needing to come out right now."
"How do you know that," Lylah asked. 
"Before we came over, I positioned her over the toilet and told her body to expel what was in there. She's good for three hours. I'll do that again when it's time."
No mom said anything. Why would they? It was hygienic, safe, and it avoided diaper rash. 
 # # # # # # # # 
The nature of babies is such that they become cranky. When one gets cranky and starts howling, others will join in on the chorus. Right now, a trio was working up to being a quartet. Kashima observed correctly, "They need a nap."
"I got this," Marie said. She walked up to each one, pointed a finger, mumbled some words, and walked back to her chair in an eerily quiet living room. "I'll wake them up in 45 minutes." 
This was the part of the play dates that the moms would come to cherish. All three found a soft spot in the room and went to sleep. Marie sat in her chair looking at all the sleeping bodies. I don't know why Nary thought that I'd find babysitting so hard. This is easy. 
 # # # # # # # # 
After the nap, it was feeding time. All three non-Voodoo moms decided to unburden themselves of some clothing to do this. This was probably part and parcel of hanging out together. Marie did the same and managed to make a connection to Junior. 
That was a showstopper.
"You have breasts," Dreamer said. "I thought you had been disfigured."
"I was. These aren't mine."
Actually, that was obvious. At about 84 years of age, Marie was sporting a lot of wrinkles on her body. There were two exceptions. Both exceptions had a much younger appearance.
"How'd you get them?" Kashmira asked. 
"I borrowed them."
"From a twenty year old?" Kashmira was 21 years old, so her estimate was based on personal knowledge. 
"No. From a used body part store."
"They appear to be full," Kashmira observed.
"Yuh. I filled them up while you were sleeping."
"So you aren't carrying around any heavy weights off your shoulders? No back pain?" Lylah had personal experience with that. All part of being a blonde bombshell. 
"None."
"I may want to talk with you after Franny is on full time solids," Dreamer said. "I could use some reinforcements." 
"No problem. My eyesight isn't so good any more. I plopped them on without looking. They probably aren't even."
On that, Marie was correct. Junior wasn't feeding on a level playing field.
"They aren't facing the same direction either." Karita was sitting right across from Marie so noticed that one was pointing right at her, while the other was pointing at the outside door. 
"I'll stick with what I have," Dreamer said. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 5 

"Hello, my name is Maddy. I'm a student at Bancroft High School. I'm doing a paper for my Social Studies class. I found this counseling office on the university web site. Could somebody here answer some questions?"
"Let me see who's free."
 ...
"You're Maddy, and you're doing a school paper. I'm Betty. I should be able to answer your questions. What's the paper on?"
"The differences students should expect when they leave high school and enter university."
"That sounds like a very good topic. Are you planning to come to University of West Massachusetts?"
"I'll need to improve my grades first. I'm hoping for an A on this paper."
"Fire away."
"In my school, we have teachers. What do you have?"
"We have teachers too, but we call them professors. There are various levels of professors. Sometimes, graduate students help the professors in their classes."
"My teacher gives us assignments to complete. If we don't complete them by a certain date, he takes off marks. He insists that we complete them. Do your professors do that?"
"No. That's a fundamental difference between schools and universities. We believe that students in university are old enough, and dedicated enough, to do their papers as well as any reading assignment that are part of the course without pressure from a professor."
"If they don't?"
"Nobody will chase them. "
"So they can sit around in their dorm and not do any work and go into second year?"
"No. First year students often have troubles adjusting to a different type of schooling, so we try to help them a little. If they've had bad marks in semester 1, for example, a counselor will talk with them and give them advice on study habits. We might give them a remedial course on how to write papers."
"What if they haven't done any papers or assignments at all?"
"We'd know it when the marks were posted. We'd deny them entrance to second semester. University classes are big enough already. We're not interested in students who don't try."
"What if they were in second semester and weren't even attending? Would you know about that?"
"No. Professors don't take attendance. But they would know that they aren't submitting papers and writing tests. We'd know everything at the end of the semester and ban them from going on to second year."
"But, you wouldn't know it until the end of the semester."
"That's right. 
"Could a student take only easy courses, like PE and Art?"
"No. Students have to take a full load of courses: Four in the fall and four in the spring."
"I've heard of older students taking only one course. Is that possible?"
"We'd allow it if they were planning to come to university, but wanted to find out more about it first. They wouldn't be able to do that the next year."
"I have an older sister who might want to come on a trial basis. She's really into sports. Could she play on your university team with only one class?"
"That depends on the rules of the sport's organization. We don't have anything to do with the sports teams here. The Athletic Director handles all of that."
 "In high school, if kids do something wrong, they are sent to the vice principal. Does that happen here?"
"We have a Dean of Student Affairs that would look into gross misbehavior on campus. We don't have students misbehaving in class."
"We also have a principal. What do you have?"
"We have Deans. Dean of Education; Dean of Fine Arts, for example."
"Professors have to do what the Deans tell them to do?"
"Of course. In life, just about everybody has a boss."
"So, your advice to my high school class would be to work hard, attend all your classes, submit all your work on time, and take all the tests."
"Definitely."
"Thank you."
"You're welcome. Come and see me if you have any more questions."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 6

We'll be following Maddy closely from now on. University classes are out at the end of April. If she's going catch the Plungers cheating, she's rapidly running out of time. 
Maddy barely nodded at Jacob that morning when he met her at the starting point for their run. She was mulling all the time that she was flying, so she didn't notice when he dropped out to rest, or when he picked her up again. She did notice that he was right beside her when she sprinted to the finish line. "That was a good finish," she said. 
"I won't be continuing with our morning flights," he said in reply.
"Why? Aren't you getting better?"
"Yes, but I have a new job that will keep me in space all the time now."
"Huh. OK. See ya."
"I wanted to thank you for letting me fly with you." 
[Well, if he were going to thank her, she could hardly fly off and leave him standing there.] 
"That's OK. What are you going to do for training?"
"Nothing. I don't need conditioning if I'm always in space."
"Will you ever be landing at other planets?"
"Possibly. Why?"
"In my science class I learned that all planets have different levels of gravity. A space ship has barely any gravity. If you ever landed on a planet with high gravity, you might find it very hard to fly around if you didn't stay in good shape."
"You have a science class? How old are you?"
"None of your business. I know that all the Christian Soldiers have to pass annual health and fitness checks. If you can't fly, they won't let you stay in the military."
"Are you being a friend?"
"I don't think so. I'm only saying..."
"Are you giving me friendly advice?"
"I guess so. It's not unfriendly advice. Do what you want. It doesn't matter to me."
"May I continue to fly with you?"
"Sure. Remember, don't slow me down, don't talk."
 # # # # # # # # 
"The Plungers are not breaking any university rules that I can find, Winnie. But, I know that they're cheating, and possibly how."
"You're running out of time."
"I know. Can I ask Karita to help me?"
"If she wants too."
"How about drones. Can I have some of yours?"
"Sure, you know where they are. Where are you going to put them?
"Outside and inside wherever the Plungers live. I want to know what they're doing during the day. They're supposed to be attending class. I don't think they are but the university doesn't keep attendance records." 
"You won't be able to use those records as proof that they are breaking rules. Not attending is not a good enough problem to cost them their medals."
"I know, but I need to know that I'm right."
"I know the feeling. Lots of times, I know that I'm right but I can't prove it."
"What do you do?"
"Flying in the morning like you're doing is a good way to think."
"I found out this morning that I had learned something important from my science class."
"School is valuable after all?"
"I wouldn't go that far. School is not worthless, I guess." 
 # # # # # # # # 
Two days later. Karita and Maddy had spent the night going through twelve sets of drone data for Monday. 
"This means that every player has a day job," Maddy said.
"Not necessarily," Karita cautioned. "It means that every player has a day job on Mondays."
"So we carry on droning the homes, but we only have to look at the early morning records."
"Let's look at the dinner time records as well. We may pick up some useful information. They talk a lot as they cook and eat supper."
"We can't wait for confirmation though. Let's look at where they're working."
"Drones will only tell us when they leave and when they return."
"We'd have to follow them live. Why do we want to do that?"
"They're not attending classes for learning. So, what are they doing in their lives that would justify cheating in a baseball game?"
 # # # # # # # # 
Friday: 
Maddy summarized their findings. "They all work for the same organization - Worchester Building Supplies Emporium. Some of them are working in the retail outlet, others at the main headquarters, and others at the transport location. They're working a full day. I think we can assume that they aren't attending university."
"Let's keep the drones at home and pull the other ones out. I want to see what they do on their weekends. They've gotta have something in their lives that is better than working as secretaries or filing clerks." 
"One of them gets to drive a putt-putt fork lift."
"Have you noticed that they're all living by themselves? Plus their homes don't have much stuff in them?"
"I don't think these women make much money at their jobs."
 # # # # # # # # 
Friday evening.
"Maddy, the Plungers have a baseball practice Saturday and Sunday morning. I don't know when or where yet. We can follow one of the players easily enough."
"Baseball season is over."
"University baseball season is over." 
 "What other season could there be?"
"We'll find out tomorrow."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 7

WHAT'S WRONG WITH UNIVERSITY WOMEN'S BASEBALL?

An Exclusive Report by Fanny Fandigity, Monday April 18, 2095

My readers may be forgiven for not hearing about the wonderfully skilled team from the University of West Massachusetts in Worcester that competed in the NCAA Women's Baseball Championship in Pittsburgh at the end of February. The Wooster Plungers demolished teams from other universities to the point that no team could last more than 5 innings before they had to default. Surely, a team that strong merits national recognition. I am happy to give them this recognition and I encourage my readers to circulate this report through social media. 
Let's look more closely at this team. My investigative team drew on confidential sources from within the university.
The players from the other universities were 20 or 21 years old. The average age of the Plungers was 28 years old. They ranged in age from 25 to 34 years old. Apparently, NCAA rules do not prevent older women from trampling women five to thirteen years their junior. 
 All the other coaches at the tournament noticed the age difference and complained. Plunger coaches provided proof that their players were abiding by the rules. 
One such rule is that players must be enrolled in the university that they are playing for. The Plungers were indeed enrolled in the University of West Massachusetts. My sources revealed the Plungers were enrolled in ONE course in this semester. They were not enrolled at all in the previous semester. I found this one course to be very curious when I found out the team members were working full time jobs at Worchester Building Supplies Emporium, a major industrial company. I watched them go to work. I watched them return home. I wondered how they could work during the day and attend university classes during the day. But, there is nothing in the NCAA rules that requires a player to attend classes. The university has no way of knowing if that is happening because they don't take attendance and a professor does not do anything if a student never attends class. 
Here's another hole in the rules that allowed the Plungers to come home with a medal hanging from a blue ribbon. On their weekends, the Plungers play on a semi-pro team called the Woosta Wonders. The university baseball team and the semi-pro team have exactly the same players. Their upcoming schedule involves playing other semi pro teams in Eastern United States as well as the national team of Cuba. NCAA rules do not prohibit professional athletes from competing in their championships. 
Of course, there's a moral issue that sports people shouldn't cheat to win, but who's going to invoke that? Not the University of West Massachusetts even though their coaches had to know that their players were grossly over age. In addition, we have the Worchester Building Supplies Emporium where every single player on the team works in her company. How lucky is that? This firm also displays ads for their company on university uniforms, on the semi pro uniforms, and around the ballpark. I'm sure this is just a coincidence. 
The NCAA Women's Baseball Championships were a farce this year. I challenge the NCAA to tighten up the rules so that this cannot happen again. 
I challenge the University of West Massachusetts to take a hard look at their athletic department which considers using non attending semi-pro players on their university team as entirely reasonable. Those national championship medals that you came home with: You didn't earn them. I challenge the university to disqualify your team from this year's championships. I challenge the university's athletic department to take a good hard look at the coaches you have. Coaches are supposed to set an example of moral character. They're not expected to show their players how to cheat. I further challenge the university and the athletic department to ensure that only real students will be eligible for your teams in the future.
As to the Worchester Building Supplies Emporium? Something stinks in Wooster that somebody should investigate.
 # # # # # # # #
"What do you think," Maddy asked Winnie. "Karita wrote it. Can we publish it?"
"Yes, I got that. It's good. You'll put a lot of pressure on the NCAA to award the championship to the Wildcats. Maddy, where will you find the time to continue to research the Wooster company?"
"I don't have the time. I know that I have to have good grades to enter university and I have only two months to catch up on my school subjects. I really want to go to summer camp. I told Karita that. She said that she'd continue the investigation if I didn't mind. I don't mind. I did what I wanted to do."
"Karita?"
"I'd like to continue the investigation. I have the time."
"Very good. Publish the story." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 8 

The reaction to Karita's exposé was swift. Here's what the University of West Massachusetts had to say in the Worchester media.
 # # # # # # # #
We are shocked and upset at the allegations that Fanny Fandigity published in the media recently concerning our women's baseball team. We have investigated and everything that she had alleged about our team is true. In our view, they did cheat in the NCAA Women's Baseball Championships, and in doing so, they have tarnished the reputation of the University of West Massachusetts badly. We have taken the following actions to show that we are very unhappy with how the team and the coaches represented the university. 
The University of West Massachusetts has formally withdrawn its women's team from this year's championship. They never should have entered. We await directions from the NCAA as to what actions we should take regarding the medals that were issued to them.
All of the players who participated in the tournament have been expelled from the university and will not be allowed to re-enroll. 
All of the coaches and managers associated with the team have been fired. 
We are investigating the role of the Athletic Director in allowing the team to enroll in the tournament. Further action may be taken. 
We understand that our players and coaches operated legally under the NCAA rules at the time. We encourage the NCAA to revise their rules of eligibility. 
The University of West Massachusetts has changed our own eligibility rules for all of our sports teams as follows: All players must be enrolled full time in university courses. All players must have passing marks in their courses during their time as a team member. If they don't, they may lose their position on the team. Team coaches are responsible for checking the grades of their players during the playing season. No player who is currently playing or has played as a professional in the sport will be allowed to join our teams. 
The University of West Massachusetts deeply regrets the actions of our players and coaches in the NCAA Championship Tournament. We apologize to all of the teams at the tournament and to the officials managing that tournament. We will accept any sanctions that they may wish to apply to the University and/or to our Women's Baseball program.
 # # # # # # # #
The NCAA is aware of the article written by Fanny Fandigity and the charges that she laid against the NCAA. We are also aware of the response from the University of West Massachusetts. 
We acknowledge that our eligibility rules are too lax. We will address this at the next meeting of our executive. The University of West Massachusetts has established a good starting point for our upgraded rules for participation in any university sports team. We thank them for that work. The question of sanctions will be addressed at our next meeting. 
The NCAA announces that the University of Arizona Wildcats are the legitimate champions of this year's tournament. We will issue new championship medals to the team immediately. We ask the University of West Massachusetts to collect and destroy the medals issued to their team.
 # # # # # # # #
The Worchester Building Supplies Emporium is aware of the article written by Fanny Fandigity about the actions of the University of West Massachusetts team in the recent NCAA Women's Championships. For the record, the Worchester Building Supplies Emporium was not involved with this team in any way other than providing them with free uniforms in exchange for some advertising benefits. We have been doing that with both men's and women's university teams for many years. 
As to the innuendo that Ms. Fandigity raised about all of the members of that team being employees of the firm, Ms. Fandigity should understand that we are the largest employer in the city. Young employees are attracted to us for our family benefits and for the future careers we can offer them. The employees that Ms. Fandigity has attacked are good workers and do not deserve the innuendos that she is spreading. Moreover, these women are not employees of the same company as she alleges. They are employees of three distinctly different companies. Why would that be considered unusual?
Ms. Fandigity alleges that something stinks. We agree. Her article stinks. We have legal recourses for inflammatory writers who are trying to make a reputation by targeting innocent women who are working diligently to further their career in the Worchester Building Supplies Emporium.
 
Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 9

"Next item on the agenda is Maddy's operation to have the University of Arizona Wildcats get justice from cheaters. Maddy, what's new?"
[It's one week after Fanny's exposé was published. Winnie was running her team's meeting in the castle's boardroom.]
"The Wildcats received their medals and the university had a small reception for them. The student news media did a front-page article. I brought my medal if you want to see it. The NCAA will be changing the rules, thanks to Karita and her Fanny Fandigity scoop. This part of the operation is over for me now. Karita is continuing. Karita, tell them what happened."
"Maddy did all the investigative work on that operation, by the way. On the weekend, every single woman who had played on the team left town. The drones recorded each of them bringing suitcases and boxes to the curb in front of their houses. Most of them didn't have very much. The batgirl and her mom had more stuff to bring out because there were two of them. Two players brought out all the team's equipment. A company copter picked them all up one at a time and left. It probably was the same copter that took them to Pittsburgh."
 "I looked inside their homes. They were clean, but they left everything else in the behind, including eating utensils."
"Sounds like the houses were rentals, Karita," Meghan suggested.
"People can rent houses?" Karita responded. 
"Yeah. When they can't afford their own house." 
"I don't know where they went," Karita said. "Worchester Building Supplies Emporium's transport company moved them. They left very quickly after the article. I think Worchester Building Supplies Emporium moved them out so they couldn't provide Fanny with any answers. They were aggressive after the article with some threats about lawsuits if I went any further."
"So, something does stink. Good article by the way." 
"Thanks, Shields. Now, I have to make sense of Worchester Building Supplies Emporium's corporate structure. The company claimed that they had three separate companies, which sounded very defensive. Could be a place to start. Paula, would you be interested in diving into filing cabinets? That will help me find where the transport took the women."
"Given the threats, Karita has to work with a partner and Maddy has other priorities." Winnie explained why Maddy wasn't able to help.
"I can help," Paula said. "Are we likely to have any operations into Hell soon, Winnie?"
"No. Lillian is telling me to lay low for a while. Hell and Lucifus look like they're becoming desperate. Justice said the same thing."
"What's she like?" Cassie asked.
"A lot like me, actually."
"That's too bad," Keely jabbed. 
"Nice talk. We may be Doppel Gangers. We do think the same."
"Doppel who?" Maddy asked. 
"Doppel Gangers are like identical twins but from entirely different places, families, and background. They're very rare but they do occur. I don't think we look alike, but I haven't seen her without her disguises."
 "Does that mean that I can concentrate on earning more money for my new house?" Meghan asked.
"Yes. I'll let you know if we need you, but do check in with your sources. It would be good to know what Satan has in mind."
"I don't have anything to do," Cassie complained. "Heaven is boring, boring, boring."
"There'll be some Nemeses work, but that won't keep you very busy," Keely said. "Winnie, what about Cassie for Galahad's request?"
"I don't want you to feel pressured, Cassie. Say No if you want to avoid this." Winnie was giving her an out. 
"Sounds ominous," Shields predicted.
"You should know. We brought back a visitor from Angelion after our operation with Asmodeus. His name is Jacob and with Shields' help, we may have found some skills that he can use in our space program. He's going to work on developing a spaceship maintenance system. But he doesn't have any social skills and can be very off-putting if you have to work with him."
"I found him very hard to tolerate," Shields said. "Now that he has a niche, Galahad said that I don't have to be involved with him." 
"He'll spend almost all of his time alone on or spaceships doing maintenance. He says that this is what he did in Angelion and it suits him. It does mean that he doesn't have to interact with anybody. But long term, Galahad doesn't want to have anybody on his team that can disrupt team morale as Jacob appears quite able to do."
"I met him on a training run," Maddy related. "I told him that he could fly with me if he didn't talk. But I did that because I can't train properly if I have people yammering at me when I'm flying. He seemed nice enough. He said that he was going to work and sleep in the spaceships. I tried to tell him that he should keep up his flying so that he could pass the physicals. I don't know if he's doing that or not."
"Galahad gave him a similar message. He flying by himself in the middle of the night now."
"Growing up in Angelion must be very difficult for their unwanted children. That's the environment where he grew up. I understand why he is what he is, but I can't be around him. He was trying to hit on me all the time."
"I don't have anything to do. What does Galahad want?" Cassie asked.
"Keep an eye on him. Soften his edges. Try to get him used to being polite."
"Can I have sex with him?"
"Good one, Cassie." Keely congratulated.
"Seriously, can I have sex with him? That may be all he needs."
"You don't have any sex organs, Cassie." Winnie reminded.
"Oh yeah. I forgot. I'll still do it. I'd like to see outer space. When he's in a group, I can sit on his head and try and tell him what to do."
"That's better than having sex with him," Karita observed.
"Sez the sex deviant of the group," Maddy claimed. "Did you know that Karita..."
"You don't want to go there, Maddy. I know some things that you wouldn't want me to share." 
"You should tell us how Karita is a sex deviant," Keely said. "Tell all. You'll feel good getting it off your chest."
"Are we done, Winnie?" Maddy asked. 
"We are."
"Bucaw."
"I can take you, Keely. You know I can." 
"Sadly true."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 10

Theo was back from Colorado and he and Nary were cleaning up after dinner. Theo was washing and Nary was drying, Marie was lying on the living room floor and Junior was crawling over her. 
"Is Marie's babysitting going well?" Theo asked.
"Yes. The moms love Marie being there because they get a 45-minute peaceful nap. The babies sleep too and wake up refreshed. Did you notice that Marie has boobs now?"
"Hard to miss."
"They're actually functional. They make it way easier for me. She had trouble putting them on though."
"She puts them on? Like clothes."
"Like flesh, I guess. She couldn't see well enough to put them in the right places so the girls repositioned them for her."
"They moved them around?"
"Yeah. Lylah said that grabbing warm functioning pieces of flesh and shifting them so that they were level was an amazing experience. She said it was like moving warm silly putty around. Kashmira got to adjust them so that they were pointing in the same direction. They were roaring in laughter the whole time and Marie was giggling."
"Marie can giggle? That's a first. They've really bonded?"
"Yeah. All of them are big Marie fans. We have to do something about the name of our baby. I don't want her going through life being called Junior. But Marie insists that her grand daughter has to have Marie in her name. Something about the gods requiring it."
"Can't fight the Gods."
"Sarcasm?"
"I'm tired of hearing how I have to pick a career that Ogun would approve."
"You're set on being a politician then?"
"Stook said he would find me a job where I can see politics in action. I'll be away every day, but we have daytime babysitting set up now. I'll be home every night and I will make sure that I play with..... Marie-Jay.... a lot. How's that as a name?"
"I like it. Have you seen her crawling over Marie now?"
"Isn't she too young to be crawling?"
"Yeah. Come and see."
...
"Marie-Jay is crawling in the air, Nary. She's not touching Marie."
"Yuh. That's what I said. She's crawling OVER Marie, not on her. Isn't that cute?"
"If she has been levitated into the air, I suppose that it would be easier to learn the crawling motion that way."
"See! Voodoo is good for her."
"Sure."
"Did Stook tell you what skills you'll need?"
"Public speaking. I've never done any of that."
"Why don't you practice on us?" Marie suggested. "We can be your audience. Put on some good clothes. Pick a topic and make a little speech to us. Take some time to think about it. We'll wait here. I'll give Nary the spell so that Marie-Jay can crawl over her." 
 # # # # # # # #
"What are you doing, Marie?"
"Helping Theo find out if he'll be good or not at public speaking." 
"Why am I not believing you?"
"Beats me."
"Stook is a good man. Theo would do well to be like him."
"Stook was a good law enforcement officer. He's honest. People like him for that. Honesty and politics do not go well together. Sheila is the brains behind Stook. Can you be like Sheila?"
"No."
"Then Theo will have no chance of being a politician. He's too honest."
"Let me repeat my question. What are you doing, Marie?"
"I didn't expect Theo to pick Stook. You have to change his mind. I can't do it. He'll suspect me. Do you want him to be a politician?"
"No."
"He's going to come in all dressed up. Find a reason to get close to him. Put this powder on his tie or coat jacket. After his presentation, brush it off. Don't inhale when you're doing this."
 # # # # # # # #
Hey, Doppel.
Hey, Ganger.
Am I interrupting?
Just trying to figure out how a spirit could have sex.
First, the guy has to...
Details are not necessary. We couldn't find any guy spirits. Besides, Cassie doesn't have a body.
I see the difficulty. Are you interested in a little jaunt into space?
Will I be kidnapped?
 Nobody will know you're there. In fact, that's a requirement. 
Will I have a good time?
You'll have a smoking hot time.
I'll have to check with Guinny.
I already have. It's protocol. She says you can go if you want to and have the time. 
She knows about my light ship, doesn't she?
Of course. Protocol.
How long will I be gone?
That depends on how long it takes you to solve the problem. With your light ship, you can come back for short stints.
How will Heaven contact me?
Guinny has a CWO transmitter. You can communicate that way. 
I want to say goodbye to Galahad first.
Tomorrow's good. Lock onto my signal. You're clear on the concept of sex, right?
It starts with a rollicking good game of Canasta, right?
What's canasta?
I'll tell you if you tell me the name of your guy.
His name is Oog.
I have no idea how to play Canasta. My parents play it with Stu and Momaka. They have a good time.
I lied about Oog. 
Really? Doppel.
Ganger.
 # # # # # # # #
"Folk, it's great to see so many people at this organizational meeting. I won't speak for long. You'll want to form some groups and brainstorm. Let me say a few words to get you started."
"The proposal on the ummmah ummmh ummmah."
...
"Let me start again. I'm unnnna wrommmas habbbbas bbasdbbbba."
"Theo?"
"I'mmmmma aaa mmamma maammma."
"Theo, you're sweating all over."
"Ammmmmmaamma amammama a a ammmama."
"Here, take your coat off. Sit down. Marie, would you bring Theo a drink of water?"
....
"I got all nervous and tongue tied. I knew what I wanted to say, but I couldn't."
"Have you ever given a speech in front of people before, Theo?"
"No, Marie. I thought this would be easy. I can't believe I was that bad. Did you put a spell on me, Marie?"
"How could I? I was playing with Marie-Jay on the other side of the room the whole time."
"I can't be a politician if I can't speak in public."
"Probably not, but that's your decision to make, not mine. I'm only the babysitter."
"What do you think, Nary?" 
"Perhaps another career?"
"What other person do you respect a lot, Theogun?" 
"Doc."
"What do you think about medicine as a career?" Marie pointed him in the direction she had wanted for him since she had met him. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 11

Winnie and Justice had met up and were docked together so that they could talk face to face. 
"Where are we?" Winnie asked.
"Middle of nowhere. We can't be overheard here."
Winnie looked up. Middle of nowhere was right. She noticed that the stars were twinkling, and twinkling, and twinkling...
 # # # # # # # #
Guys, guys, guys. Winnie's lost attention to the plot because of the twinkling stars. We have to talk.
Why? She'll refocus in a minute or two.
You know how the politicians on Dionysus had a vote of non-confidence. We should have a vote of non-confidence in the author of our series. The guy has lost his mind this time.
What's he done?
Marie has boobs that she can put on and take off.
That's sweet. I'm glad Marie can finally have breasts. How do you know this? She's in a different plot line than you are.
I know some of the characters in the other plot lines. That plot is getting crazy.
I'm glad that Theo is back in the stories now.
That's because you had a crush on him.
The guy has named one of this book's characters Oog.
Oog is Goo spelt backwards.
For a wise old doc, you say some very stupid things.
I don't have much to work with sometimes.
At least you're a recurring character. I haven't even been mentioned for books and books.
Face it, Man. You've been written out of the series.
I had good depth. I contributed.
You have to admit, the author is a little weird.
A lot weird. I agree that we should have a vote of non-confidence.
You're angry because you hardly appear any more.
Everybody receives more print space than I do. I'm just an old worrywart.
At least you have sex. I'd like to have some sex.
I have lots of sex now that my baby is older.
The guy has made it impossible for a ghost to have sex with anybody. And I'm locked into this series now. I can't go elsewhere. I agree to having a vote. Everybody that's old enough in this series is having sex. It's not right.
Why are you promoting a vote of non-confidence? Are you trying to be Head Character? You can't be Head Character because you're grumpy so much. 
Actually, I'm not grumpy. He makes me do it. I have no choice. I'm quite lovable and cute. I could bring in more readers.
Nothing can bring in more readers to this series. This guy is past his best before date.
What's everybody talking about? I'm new here.
What plot line are you in?
I'm with the Plungers.
You'll be lucky if you last into the next book. The guy doesn't have too many recurring villains.
I know why she's promoting a vote of non-confidence.
Why?
She has an offer for a speaking part with another author.
Is that true?
Yes. He's a much better author. I could be a star.
Authors aren't allowed to use characters from another author's work.
They can if they say that they were inspired by another author.
Leaving us might be like treachery. We're supposed to be heroes. 
I'm not a hero. I could play that role, but I have to be in the plunger plot. My contract says that I'll receive double credits so that why I signed up.
Karita is after you and she's going to smoke you.
Thank you for the vote of confidence, but I have no idea what to do right now.
The guy will give you the ideas. It's your job to develop them.
Winnie is coming out of her mini-trance. Are we voting or not?
We're not voting.
Who put you in charge?
I put me in charge and you don't want to mess with me. Everybody should shut up. Be happy with what you got. It's taken me a long time to get my boobs back and I'm going to enjoy them.
 # # # # # # # #
"Winnie?"
"Sorry. My mind wandered for a bit. You said something about not being overheard?"
"Yeah. This operation is tricky and you can back out if you want. The planet you'll be working on is out of my jurisdiction. Officially, I don't know anything about it. I can't be at that planet with you and you should be careful with your communications with me."
"I thought that lightship communications were unbreakable."
"That's what they've told us. Just like they've told the planets that anything faster than Warp 9.9 is impossible."
"Your people lie to you?"
"I don't know if they do or not. But on this mission, I don't want to take a chance."
"Will I be in danger?"
"You, no. Nobody in the organization other than Harry knows about you. I didn't register the lightship I gave you with the Cosmos. As long as you do not reveal yourself during the operation, you'll remain secret. I'm the one that would be in danger if you were discovered. Also, whatever you do to solve the problem should not raise questions in the Cosmos' mind. That could lead them to me."
"Why am I hiding from the Cosmos?"
"What do you know about politics and politicians?"
"Slimy, underhanded, voracious power gluttons are a few words that come to mind."
"So, if I were to tell you the Cosmos is run by politicians, what would you think?"
"Ah, man! I thought that life in the Cosmos was safe. Planets behaved themselves. Justices were needed for the few exceptions. I don't know what to think now." 
"Planets in the Cosmos are safe from interplanetary wars. That's because the Cosmos can explode planets that don't follow the rules. Travel within the Cosmos is safe from pirates. That's because we have destroyed all the pirate ships that used to prey on freighters."
"But?"
"What happens inside the safety of our planets is controlled by the governments and the politicians of the planets themselves. When asked to intervene, we can do that as you've seen. But, we can't intervene if they don't call for help." 
"I don't understand how they can get away with anything. What about your civilization rules? Are they allowed to break them?"
"They aren't allowed to, but they do. Justices like me can't fix what we don't know."
"And that comes down to politicians asking for help that would uncover what they're doing inside the planet."
"Yup. The problem comes down to how the Cosmos is governed. That's where the rot starts."
"Explain?"
 # # # # # # # #
"I'll keep this to the basics. Cosmos has a board of twenty directors that represents all of the 1000+ planets in the Cosmos. They meet every two years for two days. In the first day, they break off into all sorts of committees that talk about the direction the Cosmos should be going. A summary of those meetings is given to the executive members of the Cosmos who may or may not even read them."
"So the board of directors is useless."
"Pretty much. But they do hold the power to make changes if they ever chose to use it. The directors control who is on the Cosmos executive. There are four positions: president, vice president, secretary, and treasurer. These are paid positions because they are full time jobs. For major decisions, at least three of them have to agree. This makes for more teamwork among the executive." 
"Executive members are chosen every two years by the board of directors. It's not a good idea for a government of any kind to replace all of its key people at once, so the current executive are given the chance to resign every two years. Since all of the executives come from planets where they had to leave their family behind as well as their former career, turn over used to be reasonably often. If an executive decides to resign, a director will be elected to fill his position."
"An executive can decide to resign or not? What if he's done a rotten job?"
"The board of directors has the power to remove him from power."
"How are the directors chosen?"
"The directors are not specifically chosen. A PLANET is chosen to have a representative sit on the board. The chief executive officer of the planet chooses who will represent them. Sometimes, he fills that spot himself. Sometimes, he delegates. When a space on the board opens up, the directors decide which planet will be asked to send a representative."
"You've said he a lot." 
"Of course. Did you think that misogyny was limited to Earth and Hell? No female of any species has ever been elected as a director."
"Ah, man!"
"It gets worse. A Cosmos executive wields enormous power. He can get things done; he can block or stall others. Most of the current executive are unduly focused on accumulating power and wealth. None of them want the Cosmos interfering in their home planet because that could reveal some improprieties that might affect his re-electability."
"And I'll be operating on the home planet of a member of the executive?"
"No. The planet you'll be on is protected by the Cosmos' executive. The government of this planet secretly controls an industry that produces severe health issues for the people. Once caught in its grasp, they are unable to wean themselves off it. The key people in this industry remain healthy and wealthy because they are not addicted."
"I have to take down that industry."
"Yes."
"What will happen to the planet's economy without that industry?"
"It will heal, in time."
"And the Cosmos executive?"
"We can't touch them yet. Are you in?"
"You had me at misogyny."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 12

Why are you taking that panel apart?
"Who's talking inside my head?"
My name is Cassie. Why are you taking that panel apart?
"I'm looking for dust, dirt, signs of wear on the connections and other maintenance problems. Where are you?"
I'm sitting on your head right now. Are those things easy to spot?
"Yes. I don't feel you on my head."
Were you going to swat me? Put that hand down!
"You can't be an invisible angel. You'd still have weight."
I'm a spirit. You can think of me as a ghost.
"I don't know what those are. We didn't have them in Angelion."
I'm very rare. Did you find any bad things in that panel?
"No. It was perfect."
What are you going to do now?
"Look at another panel. Don't you have somewhere else to be?"
No. I'm not needed anywhere right now. It takes you a long time to open up that panel for inspection.
"Yeah. That's a part of maintenance work that is very repetitive."
Why'd you look then? It turned out to be perfect again.
"I didn't know that until I opened it. Are you dense or something?"
If you talk like that to me, I won't help you. You can't be rude to people like that.
"Does it look like I need help?"
Yeah, it does. You're wasting a lot of time.
"I'm doing this very efficiently."
In a dumb manner.
"You can't be rude to people like that." 
I did that on purpose. How's it feel to be on the receiving end?
...
I can sense what you're thinking. You have a very dirty part of your brain.
... 
You don't have to look at the next four panels. They're all clean. The fifth one has something in there that doesn't look the same as the others, but I don't know if that's good or bad.
"You're trying to distract me. Go away, XX!@."
I'll wait here while you check the panels. If you swear at me again, I'll stuff a rock up your nose until you apologize. 
 # # # # # # # #
"I've found the necessary files on the Worchester Building Supplies Emporium, Karita. They have three businesses: a retail outlet, a purchasing entity and a transport company. I don't understand the relationship, but they have legal documents linking them together."
"What about the transport company, Paula? Do we know where they went?"
"They have no record of any pickup on that weekend." 
"That sounds like they have something to hide. Can you find the company books?"
"I have the physical addresses of all three companies, and I should be able to peek inside anything that is locked, so let's start with that. It'll take some time, I think."
 # # # # # # # #
Heaven's plan to help the citizens of the planets in the Heracles Cluster was coming together. As a reminder, in the previous book, Winnie had pitched a plan through which Heaven could help all of these Greek planets eliminate their constant bickering by removing all of their memories that prompted that bickering. Lillian had agreed that she could wipe the necessary memory cells clean but she'd need help. A team of Lillian, Joe-Joe, Doc, Granny, and sixteen military medics was put together, but time would be needed for all to be trained. That was back in February. Now, two months later, that training has been completed. 
Justice had ruled that all inhabitants of Cluster of Heracles had to participate in the wiping, so there'd be no problems persuading them to line up. But, the tour of the medical staff through the cluster now had to be planned. Guinny put the question of payment for their services to bed with a CWO to the Greek god in charge at their end. She told him that Heaven should be compensated for her team's time, skills, and expertise. Poseidon, the god of Poseidon the planet, readily agreed. "Nothing should be free; otherwise, other planets in the Cosmos will take advantage of you." He offered to pay later in the form of fish exports. Exporting fish was a natural reaction to the Greek God of Oceans. 
 # # # # # # # #
"Four panels were clean. The fifth had the beginnings of a leak."
Well?
"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have thought bad thoughts about you."
All right then.
"How come you knew?"
Ghosts can go through walls. There was some space behind the front panels, so I was able to squeeze myself in. That took me two seconds each. I only need to put my head in, I suppose. I could do it faster. How much time do you need to do it your way?
"Way more."
...
You're doing a lot of thinking but I can't understand it.
"I'm looking at the ship's schematics and counting up all the panels that I need to open in a regular check up. Could you get inside the engine?"
I don't know. I do know an easy way to find out.
# # # # # # # #
How would my assistance with ship maintenance help Heaven?
"There'll be less chance of a space ship breaking down in space. I'll have to show you all the things that can go wrong, but that could be done with the next ship I maintain."
Do I fix what I find too?
"Probably not. The tools that I use are tricky."
I can't lift anything heavy any way.
"You won't have to fix. I'll do it."
How does my assistance help you? Are you just trying to get out of work?
"I'm trying to invent ways for heaven's ships to have more offensive capability, but I need way more time to experiment. Better weapons on our ships means that we wouldn't be as vulnerable to a sneak attack."
You said 'better weapons on OUR ships.' Are you a member of Heaven?
"I want to be. But I keep on, I think the phrase is, urinating people off." 
Not quite, but close enough. Does that mean that you have a fully functioning angel body?
"Of course. Why?"
"Just curious. I can help you with that urinating problem. If I sit on your head, I'll know what you're thinking and can stop you from saying bad things when you're in a group."
"You'd do that for me? And you'd help with the maintenance?"
Sure. We could be friends. Would you be all right with that?
"I'd like to have a friend."
If I can swing it, perhaps even a close friend?
"What's a close friend?"
We'll talk about that later.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 13

Winnie's words: 
It's the first day of May, 2095 and I'm going to keep a log of my holiday to Planet T3L42 in the T3L cluster, at least that's what the star maps says it is. A friend of mine has suggested that I keep a log of my holiday seeing as how I am traveling alone and you never know what might happen. She didn't seem too concerned about any dangers I might face, but she insisted on a log nonetheless. I can always delete it when I return home. 
My chip translator has converted the star guide name (T3L42) to the English word Pandora. There was also a Pandora in Greek Mythology who the gods blessed with curiosity. They also blessed her with a mischievous nature. Apparently, she liked to open things. She probably snuck downstairs and shook all the Christmas packages with her name on them after Santa had gone off to sleep with my mom. I'm speaking from experience here. I was four at the time and I still believed in Santa. What he was doing in my mom's bedroom when my dad wasn't around was not something that I had thought much about. 
My ship's star guide says that the planet is inhabited by humanoids. The planet itself has all the normal planetary parts like oceans, mountains, rivers, etc. I suspect that all planets have these but my tourist trips haven't taken me to many planets. Call that a theory for now. Their main export is lumber and wood products. 
I took a high altitude trip around the planet to get a sense of it first. I saw way more water than land. No glaciers. It was not a big planet. Two continents were centered at the equator. I'm calling them Continent A (the big one which is furthest west) and Continent B (the small one that is reasonably close to A but to the east.) I can't use their real names, as I don't have a keyboard with the Pandoran alphabet. 
Continent B had few signs of civilization. It was covered almost completely by trees that covered all of the slopes of mountains and hills. They were planted in straight lines and you could see a progression of seedlings through to mature trees in the various tree farms that seemed to fill every possible space a tree could grow. I couldn't see how the trees were converted to lumber and shipped off planet, but undoubtedly this process existed.
Continent B's flat land was covered with some plants. All were in straight rows. I couldn't tell what they were growing from space, but whatever it was, they were very good at growing it. The entry in the star guide indicated that they could control their weather, which seemed to be common with most of the planets listed in the guide. 
On Continent A, again they had a tree growing industry on all the slopes of the hills and mountain. The flat lands were segmented into what looked like small farms. Food for the citizens, I assumed. I could see small communities in those areas. 
The bulk of the population was situated on the eastern coastline, especially where rivers met ocean. This is probably common with all planets. Water transportation would have developed long before air transportation. The biggest city held a spaceport. I expected to find the government buildings there too. 
I looked at the two smallish moons orbiting the planet. Both had space ship installations. One had a spaceport for transports. The other had dockage for smaller ships. Military, I assumed. Both moons were orbiting on their axes and both were orbiting the planet at some speed. 
Time to get a closer look.
 # # # # # # # #
I chose to scout out their largest city, which did turn out to be the capitol with its government building. I quickly stopped looking at the architecture to stare at the people. I must have hit the end of the working day because crowds of people were coming out of the buildings. They were all walking cadavers. Height of about 7 feet for the males and slightly less for the women, who had indicators of breasts. Very little sign of hair on either gender's head. What hair they lacked on their head, they made up for that with a hairy bushy tail that drooped behind them. All the pedestrians walked in a hunched over posture with turned in shoulders. They all shuffled. They all had a white tube between their lips. I decided to use my Wilizy body so that I could get much closer.
The tubes contained some kind of combustible plant growth. Most of the pedestrians held the white tubes in place with their lips. For those whose hands were full, this was a necessity. For the others, it seemed to be comfortable for them. Most tubes had a glowing ember at the tip with a wisp of smoke curling into the air. When the pedestrian inhaled, the glowing ember grew brighter and the pedestrian blew smoke out of his nose. The burning process consumed some of the tube and it grew shorter slowly. An ash developed at the burning end. It would fall off when gravity kicked in. Some of it would fall on the pedestrians' clothes; some would hit the ground. I looked at the clothing and saw signs of ash on the clothing covering every pedestrian's legs. They paid no attention to the ash whatsoever. 
In time, the tube would be burnt to a spot close to the mouth end of the tube. I could see that the composition of the tube changed at that point. The plant material was gone and the pedestrian would spit the dead tube out of his mouth and onto the sidewalk, which was composed of some form of brick. That brick was so completely covered with the remains of the discarded tubes that you could see different layers. Presumably, the weather control system provided rains in the night, but that only served to turn this residue to paste. 
Not satisfied with consuming one white tube, pedestrians would spit out one burnt tube onto the sidewalk, fumble in their clothing for a carton containing more tubes, put one into their mouths, and carry on walking without skipping a beat. There'd be an interval while they were walking with a raw tube, but eventually they would pull out a device that provided a flame, light the tube, inhale the smoke in a deep breath, and then carry on, again without missing a beat. They might have inspired to do that by screens that they passed which had images of cigarettes and happy smiley people with perky tails. Smoking is good for you, the people on the screen said. 
I had seen something like that white tube in some oldy-moldies. On Earth, they were called cigarettes and people were said to be smoking them. I knew that this was bad. In describing the pedestrians' bodies as walking cadavers, I had accurately predicted what would happen to them. I took no pleasure from this. Smoking cigarettes was a slow painful way to die. Now I knew why my friend had told me that I'd have a smoking hot time on my holiday

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 14 

Winnie's words: Monday, May 2, 2095
I was up early to watch the Pandorans going to work in the capitol city. All of them were walking, and with only a few exceptions, they were smoking. The exceptions were children. I decided to have a go-to-school day. The students walked to brick buildings that I assumed were schools from their external appearance. The youngest students, the non smoking ones, went into classrooms and took their seats. An adult started talking. Typical school. The students looked healthy. 
Older students were smoking on the way to bigger school buildings. They didn't have the cadaver look yet. They entered the classrooms and continued to smoke while they listened to a smoking teacher. The air was blue and I had to leave lest I coughed.
I noticed that none of the schools had green playgrounds around them. The small kids had some equipment to play on. The older kids had brick walkways that were covered in moldy ash. But no running and no sports. 
I was outside the small kids' school when they came out midmorning. They formed small groups, pulled white tubes out of cartons in the pockets and put them into their mouths. But they had no flame to light them. I came closer. They were chewing the white tubes. Candy cigarettes. 
I stuck around to be sure that my initial conclusion that the children didn't exercise was correct. The schools had no rooms where students went to play anything. They had nothing outside that would promote exercise. They listened in the classroom while smoking. They worked at the desks and smoked. The teachers smoked, even in the lunch time while they were eating. 
The school for the youngest Pandorans ended first. I picked one child at random and followed him home. He came into his house, unlocked the door, sat on a soft chair, and pulled a helmet over his head. The helmet had a visor which he pulled down to cover his eyes. Wires led from the back of his helmet to two wands that he was holding in his hands. He began to manipulate buttons on the wand. I could hear music of some kind and saw flickering images on the face shield. An older student, a girl this time, entered the house about 30 minutes later. She too sat on a soft chair and put on a helmet. She smoked the entire time that she played on what I assumed was a computer game of some kind. 
I looked around the home and saw a borderline hovel. Three small rooms had pads on the floor for beds. I found a kitchen with what I assumed were the usual appliances but I saw no table and no chairs. The parents arrived home, smoking. One prepared a small meal from food storage containers that had minimal amounts of food left inside. They sat on the kitchen floor and ate off four flat plates with their hands. The floor was covered with discarded cigarette butts. The other adult washed the plates. All four sat in soft chairs, put on helmets and immersed themselves in whatever was flashing inside their screens. Three of the four smoked continuously. The fourth breathed in the smoke. 
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie's words: Tuesday, May 3, 2095

I spent the day looking for grandparents and found none. The search gave me a good overview of life outside the capitol city. I saw the same hovels and schools as I saw in the capitol but parents did other forms of work. I saw the equivalent of a retail store. Pandorans used paper currency to buy food supplies, which they carried home in paper bags. As they exited the store, they filled up their bags with free cartons of cigarettes. 
I saw fishermen leaving port and returning with full loads of fish, which they emptied, into a transport plane of some kind. It had a hold with a fair bit of capacity. One pilot. The plane could hover in place but I didn't see why that was necessary. This plane took off vertically and flew horizontally to a warehouse of some kind. I saw fish in the stores and so figured there'd be a distribution network. All the people I saw working were smoking. 
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie's words: Wednesday, May 4.

I decided that I'd be absolutely certain about the absence of grandparents. I flew to Continent B and explored. 
The plantations of lumber were planned as I thought. The communities in that area housed workers who would cut the trees down and process them. Some wood went into lumber. Others went somewhere that would become paper, I think. Lumber was the planet's big export and they appeared to have a very smooth planting and harvesting organization. Workers couldn't smoke because of the risk of fire. Instead, they put some gooey kind of substance in their mouths and chewed it. Periodically they'd spit a yellow stream of goop onto the ground. They could take as much of the substance as they wanted. 
Work camps had dormitories containing sleeping pads, soft chairs, and helmets. Cooks in a mess hall provided an ample amount of food, which the workers ate out of pots with their hands. No spitting was allowed inside any of the buildings. These workers appeared to be in better health. They didn't have the cadaver look. But I saw no grandparents. I passed the night in my space ship and searched the ship's library for information on cigarettes. 
 # # # # # # # #
Thursday, May 5.

 I now knew that the farms on the flat lands were growing tobacco plants. The library didn't have much to say about the tobacco plants, but it did have a brief description of how to harvest them. They had more to say about cigarettes, which contained nicotine that was highly addictive. It also was very unhealthy for humanoids as it caused lung cancer as well as other numerous respiratory diseases. 
I looked closely at the tobacco farms. They were protected from intruders by a moderately high fence of wire. Dead animal carcasses littered the ground at the bottom of the fences. I wouldn't be touching these fences. 
The purpose of those electrified fences was not clear. Why would somebody want to steal tobacco plants when they could get unlimited cigarettes? 
The tobacco farms had work camps containing mostly males. Some women were in the camps but they slept in separate bunkhouses. None of these workers smoked, which surprised me. Without the smoking, they looked healthy even though working with the plants was a difficult task, given how they didn't grow very high. And that's why they weren't given any cigarettes to smoke. They were there to work hard. The electrified fences were there to keep them in. This was a prison camp. 
I made sure that none of the workers were elderly and went back to the big continent. 
 # # # # # # # #
 Friday.

I made a halfhearted attempt to find the planet's security forces/policemen and then gave up. I saw no obvious buildings that announced that the police were there to help the citizens. This was a sick, sick planet. The people were dying on their feet. Their children would take their place. I couldn't find any grandparents because they all had died before their children could have children. The population was controlled by tobacco and whatever they saw flickering in their helmets. Somebody was keeping them controlled. I needed to go home. 
I messaged my friend with a single word. She messaged back with a single word. We met well away from Pandora as we had agreed. I told her that I had to go home. She didn't ask me why. I did tell her that I would be returning. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 15

Winnie's words, Saturday and Sunday, May 7 & 8.
My first stop when I arrived in Heaven on Friday night was to see Galahad and I unburdened myself of some of what I was feeling about Pandora. I expected that I would need a second unburdening Saturday night. One with a more energetic remedy.
Saturday morning, I checked in with Paula and Karita. They said that they had reached a dead end in Wooster. They knew how the three companies were interrelated but they had no evidence of a serious crime being committed. The company books were well hidden. So were the Plungers. Paula had an idea how to find them but wasn't sure that it would work. 
Cassie said that she was working with Jacob now in his maintenance work. She seemed happy about that, so I didn't probe. Maintenance of space ships was Galahad's area.
Shields was focusing on expanding production. She didn't see any purpose in reaching out to Dionysus but would do so when Lillian took the memory wiping team to the planet. Shields would take care of the piloting. 
Lillian said Doc, Granny and Joe-Joe were now qualified to wipe memories. The military's medical staff was still a work in progress. 
 That gave me plenty of time to talk with Doc, who stopped his studying and gave me a hug. "What do you know about addiction to cigarettes?" I asked. Turns out that he knew a lot.
# # # # # # # #
"Let me see if I have this straight," I said. 
Doc nodded.
"Long time ago in history, the top executives of the tobacco companies and the scientists they employed knew that cigarettes were addictive. They used that addiction to make a lot of money."
"Yup."
"Concerns began to arise that cigarettes were tied very closely to cancer and other illnesses. Some scientists started publishing evidence of the link. The companies' own scientists had known that there was a direct link and had told their companies about that relationship. The companies hired other scientist, not connected to the companies, to do research and conclude that there was no link. The purposes of these contrived studies was to sow confusion and doubt."
"Yup."
"Some tobacco scientists researched how to increase the effectiveness of their products. They could say 'new and improved' but consumers didn't realize that this meant more addictive. Why'd the scientists do that, Doc?"
"Better pay? The thrill of making new discoveries? Who knows? We do know that there was constant pressure on them to make the products more addictive."
"They targeted kids deliberately."
"Get'm while they're young and you'll keep them for life, however short that might be."
"Some lawyers started taking the companies to court and won some battles, but they couldn't stop them from making and selling cigarettes?"
"Yes. The companies would pay big fines and then would work harder at getting more victims with different kinds of tobacco products and appeals. Child friendly tastes, for example."
"Why didn't the governments stop them, Doc?"
"Lots of reasons. Scientific studies were conflicting. The companies had a large political lobby group that helped individual lawmakers understand how fake the evidence was, sometimes with some financial recognition for the time they spent reading their submissions. Or they talked about how the workers in the plants would lose their jobs and what would they do then? The governments always found a reason to warn and apply penalties, but not to remove the threat completely. There was no political will to kill the industry with court convictions because the companies had scientific reports that concluded the people were dying from environmental issues, or pre-existing conditions, or poor nutrition, or poor lifestyle choices. Their lawyers made lots of money to cast doubt on the link between cancer and tobacco."
"The executives knew they were killing people, didn't they Doc?"
"Yes, but nothing would ever happen to them personally. Their companies might suffer a bit but they'd recover. Their personal wealth would never be affected." 
"And then the troubles started. Farmers stopped planting tobacco and planted crops they could eat. Cigarettes disappeared."
"Yes. Cigarette-related deaths had been found throughout the entire world. The populations of the world were saved from lung cancer by climate change. Do you know the Greek fable of the hydra? It involved Hercules."
"I've heard of Hercules but not a hydra."
"The hydra was a giant snake-serpent with a number of different heads, each of which could spew poison. The number of heads varied from one fable to another. If Hercules cut off one head, at least one more head would take its place while he was trying to kill another head. Hercules could never kill the fool thing off. Stopping tobacco is like killing the hydra."
"How did Hercules kill it?"
"So, we're not talking about you just being curious about tobacco, are we Winnie?"
"I can't tell you anything, Doc."
"I believe the intent of the fable was to deliver two morals. First, if you're going to do something, do it properly. Second, if you're going to kill a hydra, you'll need help. Hercules recognized that and brought a nephew with him to the serpent's lair."
"How would that help? If they chopped off two heads at a time, those two heads would regrow."
"True. Hercules did the chopping which was the dangerous part because of the serpent's poison. As soon as one head fell to the ground, his nephew stepped in and cauterized the headless neck of the hydra. In effect, he was preventing that neck from ever growing a new head." 
 "I'm glad I talked with you, Doc."
"Will I ever learn why you wanted to know about tobacco?"
"I don't think so, Doc."
# # # # # # # #
On Sunday, I caught up with family news and hung out with Mom and Dad. I heard about Marie and her babysitting skills. I wanted to visit her and see her new body but she was off somewhere. 
Sunday was great and I was ready to go back to Pandora to start looking for a nephew who could cauterize bloody necks. Breaking one out of prison might work, but that could alert the wrong people. The fact that they needed a prison camp meant that some citizens on the big continent were unhappy. I'd start my search there. 
But first, Galahad awaited. It would be rude of me to keep him waiting.

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 16

"Where am I?" Theo asked.
He knew that it was Sunday morning and he remembered babysitting Marie-Jay while Nary and Marie were off doing something that required him to stay home. They had returned. Now he was somewhere that certainly wasn't his living room. Nary had a solemn look on her face. Some tears too. This was new. He couldn't imagine a scenario where Nary would cry. 
"The better question is: Who am I?" Marie said.
Theo looked around. He was in a very dark rocky cavern of some kind. Lit torches gave some illumination. It was very hot. The top of the cavern had an opening that must be providing air. Still, the place smelled of sulphur.
"I'll stick with my question. Where am I?"
"You're about half way down a dormant volcano. The heat that you feel is the magma boiling away below. You're on a ledge that is safe. There are two exits from this ledge. Down to the magma. Up to the fresh air. The hole you see above you is the conduit that leads to the crater at the top of the volcano. There are no stairs, or ropes to climb, so you may find it difficult to leave on your own. You can leave with Voodoo."
"I have my sling."
"Your sling is inoperative right now. But it's beating out a steady I'm safe message."
"I can unscrew my brain plug."
"You will have difficulty doing that."
"Why am I here?"
"Your father-in-law wants to meet you in a safe environment."
"Nary has a father?"
"Yes. She knew she had one, but she had never met him. He met with her earlier this morning and explained why he had to leave her on her own with me for so long. Now that she's had her first child, she is immune from harm." 
"What kind of harm?"
"Your father-in-law's name is Papa Legba. He came to my assistance when I was a slave. He is the gatekeeper between the human and spirit worlds, and nobody can reach the spirit world without Papa Legba acting as the intermediary. He is a very powerful Voodoo god. I am a mere Voodoo queen. You need to figure out who you're going to be. Theo or Theogun. Keep an open mind."
 With that, Marie and Nary disappeared from the volcano. 
 # # # # # # # #
"Hey, Mon," a figure said from the darkness and began to approach him. He waved his right hand and the torches burned brighter. 
Theo saw an old black man leaning on a cane. He wore a broad-brimmed straw hat and was dressed in tattered rags. His hair hung from the hat to his shoulders in rope like strands. His eyebrows were heavy and black. He had a thick wide black moustache and a long black goatee that ended in a braid that fell to his waist. His face was pitted. "Say hello to Mutt," he said in a thick Jamaican accented voice that didn't sound as scary as he looked.
Theo looked down. A black dog stood by Legba's left knee. Other than the goatee, he could have been Legba on four legs. "I call all of my dogs Mutt. It's easier to remember their names that way."
Theo didn't know how to have a conversation with a Voodoo god, so he kept his mouth closed. 
"You're probably wondering if I am a typical father-in-law. Clearly, I am not. Do not worry, Mon. I did not mind that you had sex with my daughter. I brought the two of you together for a purpose. Marie saw the Voodoo in you and asked if you were the one. I said you were."
"The Voodoo part of you lay dormant, like this volcano, while you played your basketball and went to university. You were a diligent student. I'm sure you will be the same diligent student when Ogun teaches you how to take his place." 
"Who's Ogun? Why am I taking his place?"
"Ogun is a Voodoo god. He had many interests during his work career. He is a warrior and is known for his intelligence along with interest in justice and medicine. You are taking his place because even Voodoo gods get to retire. Ogun has served Bondye well and is being rewarded."
"Bondye?"
"The head Voodoo cheese."
You are very much like Ogun, as Marie and I had expected, especially with your newfound interest in medicine. 
"Why am I here?"
"You have expressed an interest in medicine, which is a very broad field. You need to choose a field of medicine in which you will specialize, for now. Later, you may broaden your skills. Voodoo will provide you with tools that no human doctor will have. However, you will still need to become a human doctor. Ogun is intelligent. So are you."
"I don't know much about the fields of medicine. I don't see how I can choose right now."
"You are going to fall asleep. In your dreams, you will see many humans suffering from medical crises. After you've been through both human and Voodoo medical school, you will have the knowledge and ability to save the lives of humans in one of these groups. Pick the people you will save. In time, you'll be able to save more."
"Marie said that I had to figure out who I wanted to be. Theo or Theogun. That sounds like I have a choice."
"Voodoo does not force humans to become our gods. They chose to accept that destiny. In the next 24 hours, you can commit to your destiny as a Voodoo god or you can chose not to. Yemoja has chosen her Voodoo destiny but she will respect your decision."
"Who is Yemoja?"
"You know her as Nary. When I was meeting with her as her father, I referred to her as a Voodoo Goddess. She quickly informed that I shouldn't be referring to her as a goddess. She's as much of a god as I am."
"Sounds like Nary."
"When it's time, Marie-Jay will have the same decision to make. Voodoo or no Voodoo. Marie is already working on her, as you know. In Marie's mind, resistance is futile."
"You know about the Borg?"
"Of course. We aren't trolls living under a bridge."
 # # # # # # # #
"How did you enjoy watching all that pain and suffering?"
"I didn't enjoy it."
"All those deaths took place in just one day on Earth. Will you be Theo or Theogun?"
"Theogun."
"What victims will you save?"
"Children."
"I thought you might. Ogun has also been known as a protector of children. I didn't mention that because I didn't want to influence your decision. You'll meet the real Ogun soon. In the meantime, start making plans to register in the University of Toronto for September. You'll need a private place to live, as you will have Voodoo assignments along with university assignments. One of your sailing ships should be fine."
"You know about our ships?"
"Duh. Use your sling to come home on the weekends. Yemoja and Marie-Jay need to see you regularly." 
"Who are you when you're not in a Voodoo body?" 
"Gene Roddenberry."
"He's dead."
"So you had thought." 

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 17

Winnie's words. Monday May 9.
I watched the Pandorans trudge to work Monday morning. Everybody was smoking. They all looked unhappy. Were any of them unhappy enough to do something about it? I couldn't tell. They didn't look like they had the energy to last the day. 
I had to assume that Pandorans knew that a prison camp awaited any citizen who stepped out of line. The whole point of a prison camp is to ensure that citizens know it's out there. Unhappy citizens would not announce that unhappiness by walking energetically down the street, cigarette free, and with a smile on their face. Just because I couldn't see the rebels, didn't mean that they weren't there. I needed to find them. I would need Pandoran help on this operation.
For a prison camp threat to work, Pandorans needed to know not only that it existed, but a spy system on Continent A also existed. There'd be a secret police entity along with citizens spying for them. When I found my helper, I'd have to be ultra careful. 
But that was getting ahead of myself. Right now, I had to find some potential nephews and nieces who were being very careful not to be caught. They would never reveal themselves during the workday. What about at night? At home? Possible. But first, I should check if the secret police used surveillance cameras. Fortunately, I had brought every possible tool and weapon from Heaven and Earth that I could find. William had invented a camera detector that I had brought with me. Let's see if it works on Pandora.
 # # # # # # # #
Yes, their secret police used cameras. A lot were positioned at intersections where they could cover more ground. Others were outside the busy areas of the city. Some were down at the docks. Lots were outside food stores. Now that I had found one, I could find them all. They were inserted into an ornate brick block that didn't quite fit in with the original brick on the building. Pandorans would know about these. 
What about the smaller communities? What about Continent B? I thought I knew the answers to my questions, but I couldn't afford to be wrong.
 # # # # # # # #
Tuesday:
I had found that external cameras weren't necessary in the prison camp or in the lumber camps. They had electrified fences. That was enough. Besides, any escapee had no way of leaving that continent.
 I didn't find any cameras in the small communities in Continent A. I figured that the secret police didn't need to install any. Even without cameras, the villagers trudged to work, puffing on their cigarettes. The numbers in these communities were small to begin with, and the villagers were fully addicted. They posed no threat to the government.
Back I went to the capitol city where I already knew of the external cameras. What about internal cameras? I had my camera detector and I had a light ship that allowed me go through walls. All citizens were at work. Let's have a look-see. 
I didn't look-see for long. I knew how to find my nieces and nephews now.
 # # # # # # # #
Friday morning: 
I had gone into every hovel in the city. It had taken me three days because I could only look when the Pandorans were at home and after they had eaten. Thank goodness for the light ship. I had dialed the brightness of the light way back, poked my figurative nose into the hovels, and looked at the helmets that were sitting on the soft chairs. Twenty-eight Pandoran couples were not addicted to using those helmets, nor were they smoking inside their house. 
I knew where all of them lived and had installed drones with a view of their door. I knew that all were young couples without children. What I didn't know was how they were hiding their lack of addiction to cigarettes from the secret police. That would have to wait to next week. It was time to check in with Paula and Karita. Galahad said that he had something special lined up for me as well.
 # # # # # # # #
Saturday: Winnie was meeting with Paula and Karita. 
Worchester was a dead end. They had found nothing that incriminated anybody in any serious crime in the Worchester Building Supplies Emporium. However, Paula had remembered seeing advertisements for the Wooster Wonders baseball team that listed all of their upcoming games. She found that document and now knew the teams that were scheduled to play this spring. 
The pro league has six teams. From North to South they were:
In Massachusetts, the Wooster Wonders, a recent addition to the league. 
In Kentucky, the Nashville Oprees, named after Nashville's Grand Ole Opry. 
In Tennessee, the Louisville Sluggers. The Louisville Slugger was an iconic baseball bat that was first manufactured in Louisville in the 1800s. 
In North Carolina, the Charlotte Queens. The city was named after German Princess Charlotte Sophia. 
In Georgia, the Atlanta Peaches. Georgia was known as the peach state because of its reputation for producing high quality peaches.
In Havana, the Cuban National Team.
Due to travel restrictions that still banned US travel to Cuba, the Havana team had to play all of its games in the US where their entry has to be officially approved by a local law officer. 
This year, the league ran from May 23/24 to June 11/12 with teams playing a mini tournament in one location every Saturday and Sunday. Each team played two games in those tournaments. The Cuban team arrived on the Friday and returned home Sunday night through a Cuban transport company. 
The League finished on the Weekend of June 18/19 with a championship tournament where teams were seeded according to their record in the weekly tournaments. 
If the Wooster Wonders were still a team, Karita could find a new game schedule posted at a baseball park in one of the other cities. And, she did. The Wooster Wonders had become the Pittsburgh Wonders and were playing their games in the University of Pittsburg's baseball field. 
"What will you do now?" Winnie asked. 
"Go to Pittsburgh and plant some drones."
"Why?"
"We never found out why the Plungers went to the NCAA championships. There's something wrong."
"Perhaps they went to the tournament to arrange to play their games in Pittsburg," Winnie suggested.
"They had their playing field already. Plans were made; advertising was coming out. That's not why the Plungers attended the tourney," Maddy weighed in. "Something is wrong."
 "Something crooked?" Winnie pursued.
"Yeah."
"How do you know?"
"I just know."
"That's good enough for me," Karita said. "When we were very young, Maddy took off into the wilderness because she knew that we were going to get caught in the place we were hiding. She knew something was wrong. That was when you found us in the animal lair."
"I remember," Winnie remembered. "Do you have that feeling now?"
"I do."
"Plant your drones, Paula. Maddy, do you want back into the operation?"
"Yes, but I'm not caught up on my courses yet."
 # # # # # # # #
Sunday: Winnie and Galahad went waterfall diving on Earth. He had ten waterfalls already picked out. All were in remote areas. Good idea, Galahad. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 18

Winnie's words: I arrived a little late in Pandora Sunday evening, May 15. Don't ask.
 I spent Monday morning reviewing the drones. None of my potential relatives had ventured out of their houses on the weekend. That surprised me a little. All of my potential relatives had emerged from their homes this morning with a cigarette dangling from their lips and a trudge to their steps. That didn't surprise me. I picked what I thought were the two youngest and droned the main room of their hovel. 
That choice was simply intuition. With nobody to help, I had to keep my drone data reviews doable. It took me all of the morning to review their weekends and that was with a lot of fast forwarding. I droned the youngest couple on the assumption that they would be the most aggressive. I chose the oldest looking couple and joined them for the evening. 
They arrived home together. The door had barely quivered to a close when both took their cigarettes out of their mouths and put them in a pocket of what they were wearing. They lost the cadaver look by straightening up but they were seriously undernourished. While they were eating, I looked closely at the pocket holding their cigarette, expecting to see a spark becoming a flame and a shirt turning into a fire. That didn't happen. 
 Obviously, they had lipped their cigarettes but they didn't light them. Who would be looking for smoke coming out of nostrils? I hadn't. 
That news gave me one positive: my potential relatives were smart. My potential relatives were now undressing, and I mean fully undressing. Surely, they don't have the energy for this. 
They did have the energy to take each other's clothes and shake them out, although maneuvering around their tails was complicated. Pockets were emptied (including the smokes), all clothes were turned inside out, shoes were prodded, and tail hair was examined for pesky fleas. Make that pesky listening bugs. Then, they folded the clothes carefully and put on what I assumed were their sleeping clothes.
This was good. They had learned to take precautions about the secret police's bugs. I knew that they didn't have to worry, but they didn't know that. 
What followed next was even more promising. One of them pulled up a loose floorboard in the hovel, put a hand in the gap and pulled out some paper. They huddled together whispering and pointing. I got as close as I could without breathing on them. I saw a map of some kind but I couldn't hear what they were saying. I had no idea what that map represented.
To top off the evening, the map went back into the hiding place. They knelt on the floor side by side, holding each other's hands. She kissed his knuckles, he kissed her knuckles and they began to mumble together. My translator chip gave me the words, but the words didn't make sense. The intent was clear. It was a prayer. 
# # # # # # # #
I started off Tuesday by following two other potential relatives from their hovel to their work places. They lipped their cigarettes, but didn't light them. 
The map I saw last night bothered me. I thought that I had a good sense of the city, but clearly I didn't. A high fly over the city revealed some flashes of reflected light in a nearby forested hill. I slid down to have a better look. I saw a gated community of some very wealthy looking homes. All had a great view of something that didn't have hovels ruining the view. By gated, I mean that it was surrounded by electrified fences, but it didn't actually have a gate. Entries and exits were accomplished by flight. I saw some animal trails through the woods, but there'd be no entry through those fences.
I counted a dozen homes in the enclave. They had multiple storeys. Some had little towers on the roof. Some had what looked to be white pillars. All I've seen in the city was dingy brick. Where did white come from? It must have been imported. 
I saw what looked to be one of their large hover planes approaching. It sat down on a pad in the center of the enclave. Twelve very well dressed men de-planed. I hadn't seen any of those kinds of clothes in the planet's retail outlets. More imports, I guessed. 
Each man set off in a different direction, one that would end at a mansion. As they approached, the doors of the mansion opened and twelve female Pandorans appeared on the stoop. They also wore clothes that I hadn't seen before. Possibly because I didn't have a microscope. Each man was greeted warmly, and what few clothes the women had been wearing were disappearing as the doors shut. Those women weren't cadavers but they did have bobbed tails, which may have been erotic to a Pandoran male, but did nothing for me. All I could think about was whether bobbing the tail had been painful. 
 Meanwhile, the pilot had parked the plane in a big hangar and had disappeared. I assumed that all the houses had live-in staff. He was the chauffeur for the mountain. I checked the hangar. It was locked. 
Now I knew what that map represented. 
I returned to the city in time to join one of the young couples for dinner. They had their meal, changed clothes and went to bed. They were asleep within minutes. I couldn't find any loose floorboards.
# # # # # # # #
Wednesday morning, I tracked another of my couples and they too lipped their cigarettes. I spent the rest of the morning and the afternoon exploring the insides of the hilltop mansions from room to basement. Yes, they all had live-in staff. In all cases, a housekeeper kept the place clean and prepared meals. Meal preparation didn't take long since there were only two diners. The pilot also served as a security guard who walked around the electrified fence every four hours. I wondered if he patrolled the fence at night. I wouldn't think so, but it would be wise to check. 
When they were on their own, the women dressed in marvelous clothes that covered their bodies properly. The housekeepers managed the 'wives' who spent their free time with a helmet over their heads. The housekeepers would pull the plug at lunchtime and presumably before dear hubby returned. [I had departed by then.] They had to consume a big enough lunch to keep their curves. The housekeepers denied them access to a helmet until they did. They also had to exercise in mid afternoon. This was done on some sort of machine while they were wearing their helmets. 
Each housekeeper had a room in the basement. They ate alone, but they ate healthy amounts. They didn't have to do a lot of cleaning because nobody was in the houses messing them up. They exercised on a machine of their own in the basement, but without the helmet. They did not smoke. They could walk around the grounds, and I saw some of them doing that. They couldn't go very far because of the electrified fence. There might be some help here except these women had a much better life than the women in the hovels. I suspected that if they showed anything other than complete subservience, they'd be sent back. The pilot lived in the basement of one of the houses and I saw ample signs that indicated he and that housekeeper were sleeping together. 
I spent most of the time searching for confidential information, which proved to be elusive. I didn't expect to find anything, but I had to be sure. If you had many secrets to hide, would you do that in a house with an empty-headed mistress and a housekeeper that wasn't addicted? 
I left the mansions in time to follow another couple home. They ate and went to sleep immediately afterwards. That gave me time to return to the hovel that had a map under a floorboard. I had been thinking about these two. I finally talked myself into it. Damn the torpedoes. Full speed ahead. This was a famous historical saying. It usually preceded somebody doing something that was incredibly stupid. 
# # # # # # # #
Perhaps, stupid is the wrong word. Dangerous? No. Try morally bad. My defense, if I ever needed it, will be: I had no other choice.
I had enough power to fix the problem. A bunch of accidental deaths would work, as would an accidental massive spillage of toxins that would turn the tobacco fields into a moonscape. Problem gone, but not solved. And definitely not forgotten. I never considered these. In order for the de-addicting of the population to be accepted as a natural event, it had to come from the people of Pandora. I could influence them with mind suggestions. I could probably influence them so much that I could take over their bodies. But they'd remember. And so would I. Instead, I'd have to use smoke and mirrors, which considering their addiction, was somewhat appropriate. 
First, I needed help to find the offices of the secret police. I had to neutralize them but I couldn't do that if I didn't know where they were. I couldn't influence anybody to reveal the office location by speaking it into the air. They had to talk to me. 
So, here I was in the living room of the couple with the hidden map. They had re-hidden the map and were now praying on their knees. 
Mumble, mumble, mumble....
"How would you like me to help?" I said into the air. 
The mumbling stopped, as did the breathing. I waited. They inhaled.
He turned to her, she turned to him. "Did you hear that?"
 She nodded.
They both looked around and saw nothing. I was in my sling but floating up by the ceiling. "How would you like me to help you?" I said again into the air. 
"Who's there?" he asked. 
"Who do you think? You sent me a prayer. I'm responding. Do you want my help or not? I have a backlog of prayers to deal with. Speak up." [I had decided that I would be an impatient but benevolent god.]
"Everybody here is addicted," he said.
"I noticed that. You aren't. You're pretending to smoke but you don't." [I was establishing my credentials.]
"You knew?"
"Yes. What are you doing about the addictions? You can't expect me to do it all."
"We have a small group."
"And a map." [Again with the credentials.]
"I can't believe this is happening, Fd," she said.
"What are your names?" I asked.
"Aren't you supposed to know everything?"
"I'm new in the area and I don't have prayer ID set up yet."
"Fd," he said. "Etl,''she said. 
[Either my translation chip had developed a sense of humour, or something very strange was happening.] "You're Fred and Ethel?" [Yes, I had enjoyed I Love Lucy reruns. The shame lives with me even to this day.]
"Yes." 
[I managed to restrain myself from asking if Lucy and Ricky were living next door.] "What's your most urgent need?"
"We think that the secret police have a spy in our group," Fred revealed. "We're afraid to meet as a group."
"They don't have any cameras in your places of residence." [I almost said 'places of worship' but caught myself in time. Perhaps I was becoming too involved in my role?] "I don't know about spies. Tell me the names of the people in your group and I'll find out for you."
Dead silence. 
"Fred..."
"I know. I'm thinking the same."
"What are you thinking?" I asked.
"You're secret police with a hidden speaker in the ceiling."
I darted down to the floor, grabbed Fred by the waist, hoisted him up to the ceiling and did a couple of laps of inspection while remaining invisible.
"Could the secret police do that?" I asked as I returned him gently to the floor.
"She has warm hands," Fred said. "She's real."
[That's how I got a list of their twenty-eight members.] 
"What are you going to do now?" Ethel asked.
"I'll look through the secret police's files. Where do they hide themselves?"
Again, I got two looks of suspicion.
"I don't have updates on my Google Map application yet."
[The suspicion disappeared. I was kind of offended by that. They believed in Google Map. But they didn't believe that an invisible talking entity had given Fred a guided tour of his ceiling wasn't a god? That didn't seem right.] 
 # # # # # # # #
I spent both Wednesday and Thursday night in the Secret Police's basement. I also put drones throughout the twelve mansions hoping for some indiscrete chatter. I also confirmed that the pilot did not venture out in the evenings. Operation Smoke and Mirrors could wait. It was time to go home. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 19

While Winnie was finding out about the complexities of being a god, Theo was doing the same. Once again, he woke up to find himself in a location that he didn't think was in Montana. A very mortal looking man held out his hand. "Doctor Ogun," he revealed. "You must be Theogun."
"Yes. Where am I?"
"This will be your lab. Strip down to your underwear and hop up on this table, face up, arms by your side. The table is going to slide into this tunnel. Cameras will scan your body but you won't hear or feel anything." [By this time, Maddy would have been walking out the door.]
"I will bring you out of the tunnel and you will flip over. Then, we'll repeat."
# # # # # # # #
Also this week, the search for MescalMeth labs ended in New Mexico. Next on the list were Utah and California. Jock wasn't expecting to find any labs. He told Mac that he and she should have had a visit with Sheila. Two days later, Sheila and Stook began diplomatic trips to California, Washington and Montana. Two topics were on the agendas. (1) Banning MescalMeth labs in their state and making public announcements on the new laws; (2) Given that Oregon, Arizona, Wyoming, Colorado, Utah, and Idaho had mutual help treaties already in place, would their three states be interested in extending that agreement to include the entire western zone. A meeting in Denver for all Governors was being planned for July in Denver. They would be discussing how economic cooperation could help all of the states. 
# # # # # # # #
Galahad and Shields were off to Angelion to pick out a freighter to add to Heaven's fleet. Jacob had given them three to choose from, with one proviso. Heaven had the right to return the freighter to Angelion and make another selection if Jacob and Cassie's inspection of the vessel found technical flaws. 
# # # # # # # #
"I've seen that kind of machine before," Theo said as he hopped down. 
"Yes. The MRI was invented in 1977 and was based on magnetic resonance imaging. I was on the team that worked on the first version. This one here is the 10th generation MRI. It can see everything. It replaces blood work, for example. The screens on the walls of the lab will give you visual printouts. Starting at the door and going clockwise, we have a reading on the following systems of the human body: circulatory, cardiovascular, digestive/excretory, endocrine, integumentary/exocrine, immune/lymphatic, muscular, nervous, renal/urinary, reproductive, and skeletal. Organize the screens any order you wish. How old are you?"
"Twenty-three." 
"Dr. Damadian, we have a twenty-three year old male. Preliminary scan please."
"Who is Dr. Damadian?"
"The computer. I named him after the doctor who invented the MRI. The computer is now checking your data against the average 23-year old male."
...
"Those three flashing yellow lights tell me that Dr. Damadian found three concerns to report. The yellow lights indicate caution would be in order and in what system the caution exists. I can tell you right now what they are: You're mildly overweight, you're not in good physical shape, and your diet has too much sugar in it."
"How'd you know that?"
"Your pot belly, mostly. For difficult cases, I can bore down each system to the molecular level. Dr. Damadian will give me some possible diagnoses, but for the children I see, they are rarely affected by only one problem."
"What do you do then?"
"I may operate if necessary. Dr. Damadian is also functional as a robotic surgeon. I may have to create a unique pill, or ointment, or syrup. I can't do anything for the child whose medical condition is a result of poverty or famine. If it's fixable within the confines of the human body systems, I can usually help."
"You're a real doctor? You don't just cast a spell and everything is fixed?"
"No. Spells are the domain of our field agents. I can find solutions when nobody else can because of our mastery of technology."
 "Our?"
"Yes. Voodoo gods come from Planet Voodoo. On Earth, we're considered extraterrestrials. Didn't they tell you that?"
"No. I was born on Earth, so was Nary, and so was Marie."
"Some humans have a natural disposition towards Voodoo skills that can be nurtured. Papa Legba is the planet's recruiter. He's been watching your family for some time. He doesn't usually mate. That requires voodoocratic permission. Let's take a closer look at your cardiovascular system, shall we?"
# # # # # # # #
Saturday in Heaven, Winnie was meeting with Karita, Paula, and Maddy.
"We have no progress to report," Karita started. "Most of the Plungers are living in university residences, two to a room. They're getting free rooms from the university, but only because the residences aren't full. The university found jobs for the players in their eating halls. These pay minimum wages." 
"One player is living in an apartment. The mom and daughter combo are living in the basement of a sorority house. It's not an ideal situation for the daughter. The mom is working as the Sorority's Mom, which means she has to keep things under control. They receive free room and board."
"Why is the university going out of their way to help them?" Winnie asked.
"They like the idea of a professional baseball team playing at the university. They're hoping that this will encourage their own players to improve their skills so that they can play pro after university."
"Drones?"
"I've put them every location where there night be quiet conversations about what happened," Paula said. "They're not talking about the tournament or their experience in Wooster. I'm not getting anything from Wooster either."
"Do we have boots on the ground?"
"We watch their practices invisibly," Karita replied. "They are all business. As soon as practices are over, they hurry to their jobs. The catcher is coaching them." 
"They have their first tournament this coming weekend in Charlotte. We did hear a question at the end of the practice about transportation, lodging, and food. The team receives 50% of the gate for the games they play. Apparently, last year's tournament drew good crowds. The players receive half of that; the other half goes to cover team expenses. They are getting free room and board at the university, so their expenses are low. They need to build that fund up for when they host their own tournament. They have to pay umps."
"So, none of them is making money, they're working dead end jobs, they're practicing hard, and appeared dedicated. Is this the behavior of cheaters?"
 "No. But there's still something wrong. Why would that team go to Pittsburgh?" Maddy trotted out her previous argument.
"Let's find out how dedicated these women are. Karita, ask Reese to do a color examination of all of their players."
"He can do that at practice."
"Let's have him check the executive of that Wooster conglomerate as well. Maddy, did you want to watch the coming tournament?"
"Yes, but I'm not caught up yet."
"I'll do it," Karita said.
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 20

Monday, May 23. I had good news and bad news for Fred and Ethel. I was planning to ask them what they'd like first, but decided not to. Gods aren't supposed to act goofy. 
"I found two spies in your group," I said and gave them their names. 
"We trusted them," Ethel said sadly.
"But we didn't share anything with them. Only Ethel and I know that we're planning an attack."
"We think the others will join us, but we don't know that yet."
"From now on, refer to the spies as Ricky and Lucy. When you add people to your group, tell them who Ricky and Lucy are and warn them not to say or do anything that will give them reason to report to the Secret Police."
"Who are Ricky and Lucy?"
"It's a long story." [It's OK if gods act a little goofy so long as they keep it to themselves.] "My other news is that six of your people are being watched by the secret police."
"You had good news and bad news?" Ethel asked.
"Yes."
"We usually ask people what kind of news they want to hear first. It's a way of preparing people for bad news."
[Sigh.] "I'll remember that for next time. Can these six dispel the suspicion?"
"Yes," Fred answered. "All of us have at times been addicted. We fought our way out of it with the help of our faith in you. We can tolerate one or two cigarettes a day without too much distress. I'll tell them to stop in front of some cameras and show themselves lighting up and taking deep drags. They can do that for a week."
"How are you planning to recruit them to your revolution?" [Might as well call it what it is. Paris here we come. I'll bring the guillotine.] 
"Ethel thought that meeting them a few at a time would be best. If somebody didn't want to join us, they wouldn't feel any pressure."
"Good idea. Where will you meet them and when?"
"On weekends. Many people like to leave the city and walk in treed areas. We'll arrange to meet them that way."
"Is one of your favorite walks up the hill leading to the mansions?"
"Yes. We've finding ways up the hill that will keep us hidden most of the way."
"Do you know that there's an electrified fence up there?"
"Yes, we know how to get through it."
"And when you reach the top of the hill, what will you do?"
"We don't know yet."
[Neither do I.] 
 # # # # # # # #
I spent Tuesday and Wednesday in the building where the twelve executives worked. They received regular reports on how many people were in the prison camps, how many people were under observation by the secret police, how much lumber would be expected to be traded, how much money each of them would receive under the table, and so on. I waited for the workday to end and then started making copies of anything that would be shocking to even addicted Pandorans. That night, I found my way into the file storage basement and began searching for old reports. I found some very juicy ones. I didn't bother making copies. I just stole the files. [Yes, Gods do steal, but we make sure that nobody can link us to the thefts. We have an image to uphold.] These had been buried for so long, they'd never be missed. To remind myself of how sensitive these reports were, I found a TOP SECRET stamp and applied it liberally on the front pages of my finds. 
 # # # # # # # #
I spent Thursday haunting the hilltop mansions. I was trying to determine if any of the housekeepers were religious or might be receptive to the hilltop being overrun by a band of religious zealots brandishing... I don't know what they'd be brandishing. Cleavers? I listened in to the conversations they had when they were walking together in the fresh air. Nobody said, Let's have a revolution. I'll plan it. I put drones in their bedrooms where I might hear some prayers. 
 # # # # # # # #
Friday, I was back in Heaven and the first thing I did was to tell Galahad that I had an idea for a new weapon. "Would you like to make it for me so I can test it?"
"Where are you going to use it?"
"I can't tell you."
"Is it lethal?"
"In a way, yes."
"What's it to be made of?"
I whispered that in his ear, which was rather close at the time. [Yes, Gods can use sexual attraction to get their way, so long as the victim knows what she's doing.] 
"Are you actually going to be handling this? That stuff is dangerous."
"I was kinda thinking that you would make it safe for me by doing all the dangerous stuff." [Gods are allowed to appear weak and pathetic, so long as it's for a good cause.]
 "How would you deliver the contents of this weapon?"
"I was thinking that would be done with a hand-held launcher. I can't have any noise."
"I can use a compressed air launcher and compressed air canisters. Do you want them fired into the ground or into the air?"
"Air. Tree top level, I think."
"So, you want one canister to test and it has to be top secret."
"Several hundred canisters would be better. I want to give it a thorough testing."
"Did you want me to start on this immediately?"
"Perhaps not immediately."
 # # # # # # # #
Paula and Karita attended the baseball tournament in Charlotte invisibly, but saw nothing that looked suspicious. Mind you, neither of them knew anything about the sport. 
Reese also found nothing suspicious in his color searches, as he reported thusly. "The Plungers/Wonders have very light colors throughout the whole team. The conglomerate executives do have some noticeable colors, but not of a criminal nature. They are aggressive and driven by profits, but that is it. They aren't crooks. They acted aggressively to Fanny's story, but that would have been to protect their brand and the people that worked for them." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 21

Week of Monday, May 30.
I was mostly in a holding pattern now, waiting for the other revolutionaries to be ready for action. Fred reported that they now had all twenty-six revolutionaries lined up to take a walk up to the top of executive's hilltop. They needed only a few days to prepare them. 
I asked Fred to line up some fishing boat captains who were willing to load some unusual cargo. 
I asked Ethel to have the revolutionaries bring as many onions as they could to a central place in the city. Also, they should place signs soliciting more onions. To make it look like citizens were getting on board with this, they could openly take the onions to the fishing boat, hide them, and then bring the same onions back to the central drop-off location the next day. We wanted the illusion of a lot of interest. If anybody asked, they were planning to have a Marine Onion Day Festival during which onions would play a central part in the celebration. A festival event might be: How many onions can you throw into an open lifeboat? If they wanted to act demented, that wouldn't hurt. 
This would take the week for them to organize. I didn't see any centralized messaging system for the planet, but they had social media, which I assumed would be heavily censored by the secret police. I looked inside a computer in the secret police's building and found what I needed. 
The final part of the puzzle clicked into place when I checked the drones in the bedrooms of the housekeepers, and specifically the drone in the pilot's bedroom. He told his wife that he'd be picking up the housekeepers' family members at 10 am as usual on Saturday for their weekly visit. Galahad's contribution wouldn't be ready for this Saturday, so I set the next Saturday, June 11 as Pandora's Revolution Day. 
I spent Tuesday and Wednesday checking that the preparations were going smoothly and then took off for Earth. I had some baseball games to watch.
 # # # # # # # #
This week's baseball tournament was held in Louisville. Paula and Karita didn't know who to drone or follow. The Wilizy family always considered Reese's color reading skills to be error free. Winnie checked in with Maddy who promised that she would be at next week's tourney. Winnie told her that if she didn't find something suspicious next weekend, she might have to terminate the operation. 
 # # # # # # # #
Theogun left for KwaZulu where the Wilizy/Europe had been parked. From there, he would return to Montana to restock the ship. The Wilizy/Europe had been the ship he lived in back in his university days and he knew how it handled. Then, he'd be off for Toronto where he had enrolled in two pre-med summer school courses. This was all aboveboard with the Wilizy family. What they didn't know was that Ogun was planning to install Dr. Damadium in the hold for practice purposes. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 22

Monday, June 6: 
It was the final week for Operation Smoke and Mirrors. I was set to go. If there were going to be problems, they would be in the timing. I only had twenty-six rebels and I had two battle operation sites, one on each continent. I had to be in both places but I had a light ship to fly from one to the other. The rebels had fishing boats, so I had to build in lots of time for them to travel there and back. I had one thing to ask Justice, so I did that early in case I needed time to solve another problem.
Doppel.
Ganger. How's it going, unknown stranger?
I'm having a good holiday. The weather is looking good.
You want something, otherwise you wouldn't be calling. Make it quick. This is a ticklish time right now. 
If citizens of a planet had to contact the local Cops of the Cosmos and their leaders were tied up at the moment, how would they do that?
All planets have a transmitter that is set up for a call to the Cops to be made directly and quickly with no passwords required. These transmitters are usually in a secure place where unauthorized personnel can't gain access. It's a small flat rectangular box with dials on the front and a built in mic on the top. Push the green button to talk. It's a one way only call. The transmitter can't be moved from one location to another without technical help. 
Doppel.
Ganger.
 # # # # # # # #
Tuesday.

I had to wait for off hours to go poking around for the transmitter. I found it in a locked cupboard in the Secret Police's offices. This shouldn't be a problem. 
I returned to Heaven and loaded Galahad's canisters and the air pistol into a dozen rucksacks. He saw the rucksacks and looked perplexed. He gets that look when he's around me sometimes.
"I should be finished early next week. It'll depend on how busy the guillotine is."
Galahad gave me his perplexed look again. I love doing that to him.
 # # # # # # # #
On Wednesday, I created twelve different piles of the most damning reports that I had found in my search through the executive offices and basement file room. These were the ones with the words TOP SECRET emblazoned in red on the covers. My twelve piles of reports were relatively flat, which would made them easy to hide. 
 Wednesday afternoon, I visited the executive hill's twelve master bedrooms and hid a different folder under each of twelve different mattresses. The operation couldn't start in full until the rebels were off work, which meant that I didn't have anything more to do today. I went for a fly, but Pandora is not exactly a scenic planet. 
 # # # # # # # #
Thursday: A shoulder demon sat on the head of one of the housekeepers who was making a bed and sent her a thought. What is that bump in the mattress?
The housekeeper read every page of the top secret documents and then burst out of the house with the folder and ran to all of the other houses. Half an hour later, the twelve women and the pilot were walking and talking around the grassy area of the hilltop. A shoulder demon listened as each woman described what she had read in her folder. They were all different, so that took some time. Then they started expressing some righteous anger. 
"The people need to know this."
"This is horribly wrong!"
"They've deliberately addicted the planet to tobacco so that they can make money!"
"They knew it was addictive!"
"They researched how to make it more addictive!"
"We have to tell people!"
Deciding who to tell and how to tell them was difficult for them. Their first thought was for each housekeeper to give her folder to her family. But, that would be dangerous if family members were being watched, which had been the case when they were first hired. The secret police could still be watching on and off. The pilot came up with the answer.
"Give me the folders. I don't have family coming up here. I can pass them to the right people when I take all the visiting housekeepers' family members back to the city."
"Who would be the right people?"
"A bunch of crazies are asking for people to give them their onions for a festival of some kind." 
"Why would they be doing that? They wouldn't want to draw attention to themselves for any reason."
"I know," the pilot answered. "I think they're announcing something insane so that the secret police won't pay any attention to them. I think they're recruiting."
"Recruiting what?"
"Recruiting people who are unhappy with the government."
"What made you think of that?"
"I don't know. The thought just came to me."
"I have a box of onions. Take it with you. Hide the documents in the bottom."
"That's a good idea. What made you think of that?"
"I don't know. It just popped into my mind."
 # # # # # # # #
Thursday evening: I was meeting with Fred and Ethel and they were excited to tell me that somebody had donated a box of onions with a lot of secret documents hidden in the bottom. "The documents revealed that the government knew cigarette smoking was addictive and unhealthy. We have proof now!"
"How will you tell the planet?"
"We don't know yet."
"I'm sure you'll think of something."
 # # # # # # # #
[Narrator: You may be wondering why Winnie was using such a circuitous route to move the documents from their hiding place to the rebels' hands. Why didn't she just give them to Fred and Ethel? The answer is that the people of the planet had to be involved in their release from the tyranny of the government. A god couldn't just give them their release.] 
[Plus, there had to be a reasonable explanation for how the rebels had found damning evidence and had circulated it to others. It had to be circuitous. The housekeepers found the documents that the executives had stupidly hidden in their beds. They gave them to somebody who was going into the city. That somebody dropped them into a box of onions. Somebody else picked up those onions. And somebody else would reveal them to the planet. None of this could be traced back to a single rebel. It could be traced back to stupid executives.] 
 # # # # # # # #
Friday afternoon. A small fleet of fishing boats left port to go fishing, of course. Why else would they leave? They carried twelve passengers, two thick mattresses and boxes of onions. Somebody on each boat was cutting the onions into chunks. They didn't know why they were asked to do that. A new kind of bait perhaps. 
They landed near the prison camp on Continent B. The mattresses were placed up against a segment of the electrified fence. Four of the passengers pushed the mattresses forward until that part of the fence collapsed. The twelve passengers walked across the mattresses and into the camp. A short time later, the former prisoners of that camp walked over the mattresses in a different direction. The guards in their separate bunkhouse never heard a thing, especially not the thunks of pieces of onion being thrown among the tobacco plants. 
A certain god spiraled above the fishing boats in a dark-lit lightship. When the fishing boats began their return trip, she stayed in the camp. The rebels were prepared to hide all the prisoners in friendly homes back on Planet A; they didn't need her to help. Instead, she unpacked her own cargo: a hand held launcher and canisters full of sulfuric acid. Exploded at tree top level, the acid would fall like a gentle rain on the tobacco plants below. She had enough to coat a huge stretch of the planet's tobacco crop. The rebels had learned how to create a homemade acid bomb. Imagine that. 
When investigators arrived at the camp, and they surely would, they would find chunks of onions, which obviously had been used to create the sulfuric acid that had killed their entire crop, including the seeds that would be needed for the next crop. Without seeds, there'd be no more cigarette addiction in time.
Yes, onions can be used to make sulfuric acid. If you were a god, or if you had access to a large library of information, you'd know that. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 23

Saturday, June 11. Winnie's words.
At 9 am, six revolutionaries wrestled two thick mattresses through the dark and hidden trails that led to the top of Executive Hill. They placed them against the electric fence, probably so that the hikers could rest. That resting caused the fence to buckle. The fence was the only security the executives had. Sadly, they were nestled all snug in their beds while visions of sugarplums danced in their heads. They didn't know that a different kind of Santy would be visiting them. This Santy must have had a fetish for bondage, because the executives were given the great pleasure of being gift wrapped with duct tape. All they needed now was a Christmas tree.
Meanwhile, Fred was ready to spread glad tidings of joy. Earlier in the week, I had created an ID for a new account on the planet's social media that would remain safe for at least a few hours. The ID was Robespierre The password was guillotine.
 I had hidden the account in a computer folder that only the secret police could access. Generally, they used this account to spread disinformation. I figured that 'dis information' belonged there. At 10 am, Fred began posting a series of pictures of the documents that he had received via Onion Delivery Corp. Each post contained a call for Pandorans to meet at the spaceport at 1 pm. 
The secret police found the account at 11:29 and shut it down. They knew that they had a traitor in the forces but did not have the time to ferret him out. The police captain had been trying to reach the executives, but they weren't responding. In desperation, the captain messaged the commodore of the military space ships orbiting the planet. 
"I'm declaring a national emergency," he announced. "The planet's executives are not responding to my calls. We need a show of force at the spaceport to quell some civic unrest. Bring weapons."
As soon as the secret police had departed for the space port, I left my hiding place, went to the hidden transmitter for emergency calls to the Cops of the Cosmos, assumed my devil body, and sent the following message. "The people of Pandora need your help. The armed forces have gone crazy and are about to kill us all." The devil body was so they wouldn't be able to identify my voice. 
That call got a lot of attention.
 # # # # # # # #
A Cops of the Cosmos ship arrived while the lifeboats from the planet's space ships were attempting to land on the tarmac of the crowded spaceport. That was proving to be difficult because the protestors had left no room for them to land. The Cosmos cop sent them back to their moon base. Many of the protestors had arrived at the spaceport with copies of Fred's posts. The Cosmos cop read them and ordered everybody to return to their homes and to stay there until he released them. At that point, Winnie left and set off to Heaven. 
Doppel.
Ganger.
Done.
Thank you. A senior justice will be arriving soon to take charge. 
Doppel.
Ganger. 
 # # # # # # # #
A few days later, a justice in a bright light executed the planet's government. He also sent resources to the planet so that they could hold elections and form a different government. He also arranged for medical resources to help the population get through the addiction withdrawal pains. 
In time, Fred and Ethel would have two children. Every now and then, they'd find a colorful gift-wrapped package on their table. The kids enjoyed opening it because it always contained something called chocolate.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 24 

On Earth, it's Saturday, the first day of the tournament in Nashville. Maddy was in her favorite spectator sitting area, high in the stands behind home plate as the Nashville Oprees prepared to play the Pittsburgh Wonders. She liked this position because she could see the entire field and watch how the teams as a whole moved on every hit. Good defense wins games.
 Paula and Karita had seen enough baseball to become fully aware that napping during the games was often the most exciting part of the sport. Maddy would acknowledge that some games could be boring, but not if you were playing. All of this to say that Maddy was by herself, if you didn't count about 500 other spectators. 
The Wonders came on strong in the final innings to win by three. With 15 minutes between games, the Atlanta Peaches and the Charlotte Queens were taking abbreviated warm-ups as both teams had fully warmed up already in the small diamond in a near by diamond. Maddy saw a familiar face taking a seat at ground level behind home plate. She slipped out of the stands, came back in through a different entrance, and was starting to climb the stands back to her old location, but stopped. 
"I know you," she said and looked hard at the face she had recognized. "You're the Plungers' bat girl. We talked a bit at the NCAA's."
"You're the Wildcats' bat girl."
"Yeah. This is my favorite place to sit and watch a game. Do you mind if I sit here too?" The stands had emptied out quite a bit with the home team favorites now in the locker room. There was ample room. "I like to sit low because I can see the pitcher releasing the ball."
"Go ahead. I like to watch the catchers. This game is going to be slow and dull."
"How do you know that?"
"We've played both teams in previous tournaments. Both teams have good pitchers and bad hitters."
"You've scouted them? Why?"
"My mom is with the Pittsburgh Wonders. "
"You guys aren't with Wooster any more?"
"Nah. We received a better deal playing for Pittsburgh."
"Your mom was the catcher, right?"
"Yah."
"And you want to be a catcher too and play pro?"
"Yah. How'd you know?"
"Most girls that I know don't like to play catcher. There has to be a reason why they play there. For you, it's your mom."
"Yah. She works with me a lot now. The schools I've been in haven't had good baseball teams. If I'm going to play pro, I have to be a lot better. "
"I started out as a catcher."
"Why? Your mom too?"
"No, my mom doesn't play. I played catcher cause I really wanted to play baseball, but didn't know anything about the game. I did know how to stop the ball from getting behind me."
"Are you still a catcher?"
"No. I'm a pitcher now. I like that more."
"Are you looking at becoming a pro?"
"I haven't thought about it. I have to keep my schoolwork up though so I can earn an athletic scholarship. Otherwise I can't play university ball."
"I'll need an athletic scholarship too. Pro players don't make much money. This game is going to die a long death. Do you want to throw the ball around?"
"OK, but I don't have any gear."
"We have extras of everything."
"My name is Maddy. What's your name?"
"Piper. It was my grandmother's name."
 # # # # # # # #
"We do the same kind of warm-up," Maddy observed. "What would you like to work on?"
"Blocking balls that are hitting the dirt outside the plate."
"That'll be easy. I'll show you how bad my knuckleball is."
...
"Are you deliberately trying to hit the dirt so that I'll get a work out?"
"No. This is actually me throwing a knuckle ball. They aren't getting by you."
"I could look at your grip, but none of our pitchers has a knuckler, so I can't help you much. Should we work on something that you can do?"
"Fast ball on the corners?"
...
"All of those were a bit outside but you'd probably get the call from the ump. You have some steam on the ball."
"Maureen calls them Whoppers."
"Whose Maureen?"
"The pitcher that you faced in the final. She was the one with the knuckler. She's coaching me personally."
"She was very good. We didn't want to go to that tourney, you know. We had no choice. Those medals they gave us? All of us hid them away somewhere and never looked at them. They made us feel like bullies. We were all happy that the Wildcats received them."
"I'll tell the girls that. That will make them think better of your guys. I'm done with the corners, I think. What would you like to do now?"
"Throws from home plate to 2nd?"
"I'll throw you a high pop up ball from second base."
...
"You should be a pitcher. Those were strikes on the money every time. I'll make you move around more now. Less loft."
...
"You can see I don't have much quickness."
"Your first couple of steps are good."
"You're being kind. How far can you throw the ball on a direct line?"
"I don't know."
"Go stand in right field by the fence. I'll throw you a high fly ball. Runner is going home after you catch it."
...
"Two bouncer, almost three," Maddy observed. "That's about as good as I can do from this far out. Change places?"
...
"One bouncer. Right in the mitt. Again, you should be a pitcher."
"My mom says I have a gun for an arm. But, she knows that I can't throw a curve ball to save my life. We're playing the Cubans next. Were you planning to watch?"
"Yeah."
"You should sit high up. The Cubans spray the ball all over the field. Team defense will be key."
"I'll try that."
 # # # # # # # #
"What did you think? Be honest."
"You need more speed at third base."
"Yeah. You guys took advantage of her. She doesn't want to be playing. She would have quit last year, but we needed her. Utility can't take her place. No arm. We're hoping that a University of Pittsburgh graduate might be interested in joining us."
"You'll still need some speed. The Cubans were very, very quick and they can hit."
"They practice year long and they attract the best players on the island. Women's baseball is a big thing in Cuba. We lost by 4; could have been worse."
"The three errors hurt you."
"Yeah. The girls are taking Third out for a meal to help her feel better. They know she's doing the best she can. She's quite old now. She wants to start a family."
"What are you doing for dinner?"
"Mom doesn't want me with them. That means that Third will be crying. She'll be embarrassed if I'm there. We had some sandwiches left over from lunch."
"They'll be stale. Want to find the student union building with me? They'll have a cafeteria. Cheap but good."
"You had me at cheap."
 # # # # # # # #
"Your mom is going to pick you up here?"
"Yah. She didn't want me alone in the stadium. You can go if you want."
"I don't mind staying. We still have a lot of baseball to talk. Where do you get your players? Were they a team in university?"
"They all played university ball, but not in the same place and obviously not in the same time period. We advertise in the university sports blogs. Our team manager does that."
"Do the players earn a lot of money?"
"Nah. You have to love baseball a lot to play pro. We usually find jobs and cheap lodgings in our home city. The team manager arranges that. He tells them that our presence will help the university team. We give them more visibility of the sport. Also, we are willing to practice with the university team. It's usually a good deal for everybody, as long as you don't mind living in dorms or basements."
"Do you get a cut of the tournament?"
"Yeah. We already have all the equipment we need, so all of our cut this year will go to the players."
"What about a cut for the coach?"
"That's my mom. She receives an extra share."
"A guy was your coach at the NCAAs."
"No. That was the team manager. He had to be the coach because coaches can't be both a player and a manager in the NCAA. Mom ran the games and told the guy when to sub. Kind of sneaky."
"Does the team manager receive a cut too?"
"No. He turns it down. He says he has all the money he needs and just wants to give women a chance to play baseball."
"Does he hit on any of the players?"
"I know why you're thinking that, but no, he doesn't. He doesn't even come into the locker room when we're dressed. Mom wouldn't have signed us up with him if she thought he was like that. They usually agree on everything the team needs." 
 "Usually?"
"Not the NCAAs. He said that we had to go to Pittsburgh. He had a deal where we could play with a different university that was closer to the other teams and which would give us more gate money. Baseball was dead in Wooster."
"Playing in Pittsburgh was the deal?"
"Yeah. Mom didn't want to go to the NCAAs, but the choice was that or folding the team. We had no choice."
...
[Maddy, l think you've got all you're going to get from her now about the NCAAs. Change subjects.]
[To what, Karita? I'm drawing a blank here.]
[Something where you can do most of the talking.]
"Do you have a big family? I have a really big one with more aunts, uncles, and cousins than I can count. Two of my uncles and an aunt played basketball in Toronto and they were very good."
"Was that where you got your baseball skills?"
"No, I'm an orphan. My Uncle Lucas has muscles on top of muscles. He's in the army and he looks really scary when he's being an army guy. He's very nice though. My Aunt Bean was my guardian for a while, but she has a baby now. She was a paramedic. What's your family like?"
"Not as big as yours. My mom kicked my dad out and they had a messy divorce. She won custody of me, but couldn't get custody of my brother, which is a good thing because he's a real jerk. I see him once a year when my mom and dad have to sign some legal papers. My brother sits outside the lawyer' office with me and brags about the women he's had, the drugs he's taken, and the amount of money that his dad gives him."
"How old is he?"
"Twenty-two, I think. I tell Mom what he tells me and she says that he's following in his dad's footsteps I don't think of him as a dad. He scares me. He scares my mom too. Wherever we are staying, she has bats in easy reach even though he doesn't know where we live. She's really frightened but she doesn't say anything about that to me."
"I can get my Uncle Lucas to pay him a visit."
"I'd love to see that. How come you were an orphan?"
"My birth mom's uncle killed her."
"How?"
"I don't know. I do know that he didn't get away with it. I just thought of something. Are we done with families?"
"Sure."
"The Wildcats are running a baseball camp for high school players in Arizona this summer. It'll be a multi-age camp. I'm going to the camp as many times as I can. Maureen will be the coach working with the pitchers and catchers. She's a very good coach. Plus we will travel for some games. You should come. I'm sure they'll let you in."
"My mom can't afford that."
"You can stay with me. My aunt has a two-bedroom apartment and she's never there. I'm sure she wouldn't mind. It's a short walk to the training center. You'll learn a lot."
"I'll ask her, but Mom doesn't believe in accepting charity." 
"Tell her that we'll have access to all the machines plus the stadium is air conditioned."
"My mom is outside waving at me. Are you coming to tomorrow's games? We only have the one."
"I usually visit my family on Sundays. When's your next tourney?"
"The league championships are next week in Pittsburgh." 
"I can get to that one, I think."
"We're hosting it. I may have to help out somewhere, but we can hang out."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 25 

With the success of her operation in Pandora raising her spirits, Winnie returned to Heaven on Sunday. She spent the day with Galahad and caught up on what was happening. She was particularly interested in how Cassie and Jacob were getting along. Yes, Winnie would match make in Heaven. She had no viable matches to arrange in Montana. What was she supposed to do?
It's now Monday morning and she has Paula, Maddy and Karita in the boardroom. She's been listening to them describe what you already know, so we'll skip that part. 
"OK, let's see if I understand this correctly. The three businesses in Wooster are no longer suspects. The Plungers who became the Wonders didn't want to go to the NCAA's and felt they were being bullies. That explains why they have light colors. What you didn't know last time we talked why it was so important for the Plungers to go to Pittsburgh and take part in the tournament. Now you know that the team manager was making a deal for the team to move there. The team manager was doing a good thing by arranging to get them into the Pittsburgh University. He's not a pervert. He won't even enter their locker room when they've fully dressed. The medals have been returned. The NCAA will make changes in their rules. Isn't this the end of a successful operation for Paula and Karita? Paula, shouldn't we be celebrating?"
"You should ask Maddy."
"Maddy?"
"I spent the whole day with the Plungers' bat girl. Her name is Piper. Karita listened in to some of it. We can't quit yet."
"Because you have a feeling that something is wrong?"
"Yes. Something bad is going to happen."
"Was Piper holding anything back that raised your suspicions?"
"Maddy did an excellent job of interrogating her," Karita answered for Maddy. "There was nothing more to get."
"I liked her. I invited her to come to our summer camp. If I had any reservations in my mind, I wouldn't have done that. She's unlikely to come because her mom insists that they have to pay their own way through life. These two are good people." 
"Maddy, look at me."
"Why?"
"Just do it."
...
"Are you pranking me?"
Paula intervened. "Pranking? Why are you asking that, Winnie?"
"Maddy has pranked me a couple of times and I ended up responding with an ACK! She got me with a double ACK last time. I'm wondering if she's going after a triple ACK. I don't think she is with this operation, but I really don't know. She pranked me twice and I didn't see it coming."
"I wouldn't do that with a real operation. It was just fun. I thought you were having fun too."
"I didn't mind laughing at myself. You were goofing around with me. I like the idea of goofing around with you. But now, there is no apparent reason that we should continue with the operation. Are you pranking me? Yes or no?"
"No."
"OK. We're all going to Pittsburgh for a baseball tournament on Saturday and Sunday. Who should we be looking at, Maddy?"
"I don't know. Anything and everything except the games, I suppose."
"Thank God," Paula blurted.
"Me too," Karita added.
"I enjoy watching YOUR games, Maddy. Somebody would have to pay me to watch strangers playing. So, me three."
 # # # # # # # #
"You what?" Joe-Joe asked incredulously.
"I'd like you to change Cassie's body so that she can have sex."
"Why?"
"She's very lonely and she doesn't have much to do. I suspect that she's asking herself why she's here. What purpose does she serve?"
"Ears and eyes in Hell?"
"So, we're just using her spirit body for our gain. What does she get out of it?"
"I see why you're asking." 
"She's hanging around with Jacob. Galahad told me that she's keeping him from insulting people. He's learning how to interact with people. He'll be a tremendous asset to the spaceship program because he can maintain all of our spaceships. If their friendship went further, why shouldn't Cassie have sex? Why shouldn't Jacob? From what we know of the Angelion society, he's been unloved his entire life."
"I can't give her an angel body. We don't know enough about spirits. She could disappear entirely. I don't dare tinker with it."
"But her human body has all the necessary bits and pieces."
"Yes. She could have sex with a human."
"Good luck finding one in Heaven."
"What do you want me to do, Winnie?"
....
"Can you give Jacob a human body? We do that all the time."
"Only advanced angels receive the fully functional human body."
"What's his rank in the military, Joe-Joe?"
"He doesn't have a rank. We haven't really accepted him yet."
"He'll be in charge of maintaining the entire fleet of seven ships. Surely, that responsibility is more than a single captain of ship would have. Will his rank be high enough to justify a promotion to an advanced body?"
"I can't promote a soldier so that he can have sex."
"Promote him because he deserves it. Talk with him. Commodore Ritchit sent him to us because their senior officers would never listen to him. Be the first."
"We're off to memory wipe a planetary system tomorrow."
"When you get back is good. Who's taking you?"
"Shields. She wants to talk with Dionysus about trade."
"Good." 
"Will you be finding sex for her next?"
"It's called matchmaking and I don't know what you're talking about." 

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 26

Winnie's assignment was to watch the Cubans who won the tournament, receive their trophies, and pile into a military troop transport. She was watching and noticed too many military-type men accompanying the women to the transport for her comfort. One of them was visibly counting the women. The women showed no great delight in their winning. They showed no great delight in anything that day. They had a lot of gear that was loaded into the hold of the transport. A quick search of her light ship's library later, she knew that Cuba was run by a government that didn't want any of their citizens leaving the island for fear of them not coming back. Other than the presence of Cuban military men, she didn't see anything suspicious. The Cubans were baseball crazy apparently. 
Maddy reported that she had met Piper early and they had agreed to play some ball in the small diamond when it wasn't in use. She had brought her cleats and her glove. She suggested that they could do some hitting. Piper couldn't take a Wonder's team bat, but she knew that the team manager had a collection of spare bats in a storage room he was using. She found one at the top of a partially full bat bag and took it to the small diamond where they took turns hitting each other fly balls. When it was time to leave, Piper took the bat back where she had found it.
Maddy and Piper spent the rest of day selling hotdogs and popcorn bags. They were allowed to eat as much as they wanted but neither took advantage of the offer. In one slow time, Piper told Maddy that her mom couldn't afford to send her to the camp, but Piper was to thank her for the offer, which she did. Maddy told Piper how to contact her if she changed her mind. The rest of the day, they were either cooking junk food or cleaning the stands near the booth.
Paula searched through the filing cabinets in the University of Pittsburg's athletic department and found a folder for the Wonders. It detailed the agreement that the team manager had made with the athletic director. The team would help the university; the university would help the team. She found nothing suspicious.
Karita looked around the city. Her judgment? "I wouldn't want to raise my child here. The area around the university is OK as is the downtown core. Other than that, I wouldn't be walking around at night. That may be the case with other big cities. I haven't looked at any of those."
The day ended for the angels with an invisible sharing huddle and then they all departed. Maddy went to Tucson and opened up Winnie's apartment. It would need some cleaning and airing out, but that could wait until tomorrow. She was famished so she hit the cafeteria and, after that, the batting cage in the team's machine room. She dialed in 'slow fastballs down the middle' and eased some frustrations. 
It was near midnight and she was dozing off in bed when she received a call from Piper.
"My mom is in jail. I think she killed my dad. I didn't know who else to call." 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 27

"Where are you, Piper?'
"At Third's place."
[A reminder that in baseball world, the player's names were the position they occupied. 'Third' was not how she was identified in the real world.]
"Why?"
"Mom sent me here."
"You sound frightened. Are you safe there?"
"I think so. Third is at the jail. All the doors to her place are locked. Nobody can get in."
"Tell me what happened. Start at the beginning. Take your time." 
[Maddy had already thought on her clothes and was on her way to Pittsburgh.]
"We were cleaning up the stands and Third told Mom that she had seen a guy in the stands who was watching her during their game. He was creepy looking. Mom asked her to describe him and she did. Mom grabbed me and lit out." 
"Come get Piper at my apartment, she yelled to Third when we reached the bottom of the stands. I figured the guy was my dad and so did she. We got home. Mom threw a bunch of my clothes into a bag and Third was there. First and Second were with her. They wanted Mom to come with them but she said there were some things she couldn't leave behind and pushed us out the door. She said she'd be right behind us."
"We waited at Third's for what seemed to be a very long time. First went back to our basement apartment and she saw cop copters there. The cops were leading Mom away. She was in cuffs and they had put a hood over her head, but it was Mom."
"First mingled with the people and asked questions. One guy said that a crazy woman had killed a guy with a bat. Another said that they had already wheeled the victim away and he was all covered up. She went to the local cop shop and asked to see the woman they had just brought in. The desk sergeant said she was being processed for murder. First asked if they would give her a phone call. When the desk sergeant said Yes, First said I'm the person she'll be phoning." 
First had no time alone with her. Because she had killed violently, police were all around Mom and taking her into the back of the station. All Mom could say to First was: Get Piper out of town NOW!
"You're the only person I know out of town. First, Second and Third are all here with me."
"What's the address of Third's apartment?"
"It's close to Brookline Memorial Park. Apartment 204, 3412 Aliria Drive."
"Stay there tonight. You'll be safe. Tomorrow morning, somebody will knock on the door three time, three times and three times. She's brown skinned and beautiful. Take what you have at Third's and go with her. Don't go back to the basement apartment. I'll be with you as soon as I can."
# # # # # # # #
Winnie, we have an emergency in Pittsburgh. Piper's mom is in jail for murdering her husband. Piper is in hiding in Pittsburgh but her mom wants her out of town. That's about all I know. I'm guarding the house where she's hiding. 
Do we have any leads at all?
She was afraid of her husband. She had baseball bats to protect herself. 
I'll bring help. We'll be there as soon as we can. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 28

Early Monday morning, June 20.
Winnie and Maddy were sitting on the roof of the building across from Piper's hiding place. With them were Paula, Karita, and Cassie. 
Winnie: From now on, we'll communicate with voice message conferences. Stu has agreed to join us later. Karita and I will be in our Wilizy bodies. Paula and Cassie, you'll be our spies. Cassie, Paula will bring you up to speed on the operation we've been running with this baseball team when she can. For now, all you need to know is that Maddy's friend Piper needs our help to leave town. Before we do that, we will use the time we have before dawn to do some research on a murder that Piper's mom may have committed. Maddy, tell them all you know.
We'll skip that part. 
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie: Thanks, Maddy. What's the mom's name?
Maddy: I don't know. Everybody calls her 'Coach.'
Winnie: OK. Here are your assignments. Paula, find the local cop shop and check up on Piper's mom. Tell me if she is being abused. Go now. Cassie, you'll stay here and guard this house. If there's anybody moving around outside, they likely won't be friendly. From time to time, sneak inside, find Piper and send her some soothing thoughts.
Winnie: Karita, I want you to get inside the crime scene. The police will not have processed anything yet. Record the scene. You're looking for anything that is out of the ordinary. Snoop around. Piper and her mom were hiding and somehow the guy found them. 
Paula: Guys, the mom is sleeping. I'm looking for the file they'll have started. That'll give us her name and the address of the crime scene. I'll send the mom some soothing thoughts too.
Winnie: Maddy and I will time travel to find out what happened. We'll return to present time two minutes after we leave. Paula, anything yet?
Paula: Almost, hang on..........Her name is Ruth Jepson. The victim was Manny Jepson. The murder scene is at 2142 Berkshire Avenue. It can't be too far away from Third's apartment.
Winnie: All right. Maddy and I will be back in two minutes.
 # # # # # # # #
 Still Monday morning.
Winnie: Guys, we have the murder information now. At 5:04 pm, Sunday June 19 a man forced the lock on the back basement door of the building where Ruth and Piper were living. That door had a window on it. The man stayed outside the building, hiding in the stairwell. As will be determined later, the man was her husband, Manny. The backyard was deserted, the main house was empty. Nobody would have been able to see him.
 Ruth and Piper arrived at the house at 5:31. Ruth unlocked the front door and the two of them ran down the stairs to their basement suite, leaving the front door open. Ruth unlocked the door to her suite and entered it at 5:32 with Piper: At 5:35, three women ran into the suite and left with Piper almost immediately. They left through the front door, closing it behind them. Manny saw them leave and came into the basement at 5:36. The suite door was still open. He entered the suite and closed the door quietly behind him. 
Ruth must have heard something because she came out of her bedroom and saw him standing in the entrance hallway. She screamed, ducked into her bedroom and came back out with a bat in her hands. Everything became high volume and high speed at that point. 
Manny had been in the entrance hallway while Ruth was in the hallway leading to the bedrooms. As Manny advanced into the suite, a small kitchen was to his left and behind him. In front of him was an eating area consisting of a small table and two chairs. As Ruth advanced, she entered the largest room in the suite, which was a living room with a sofa against a wall. There was a low coffee table in front of the sofa. 
Seeing Ruth's bat, Manny picked up a kitchen chair, adjusted it so that the four legs were facing out and charged at her trying to pin her against living room wall. He was yelling, 'I'm going to kill you.' Ruth was yelling 'Get out of my house.' 
Ruth ducked under the chair legs and rolled away, swiping at his legs with the bat as she did so. She connected, but it was only a glancing blow. Manny threw the chair at her and she had to duck and roll again. She had one hand holding the knob of the bat while her other hand held the barrel. This allowed her to swing with either hand. However, she didn't have enough time or space to take a full swing.
All of her ducking and rolling had put her in front of the bedroom hallway. Manny picked up the coffee table, held it so that its four legs were facing out again. One end of the table was protecting his face, the other his groin. Again, he charged at her. 
In the narrow hallway, Ruth had no room to dodge and no room to duck under the table. She did have room to dive into the open bathroom. 
Manny was mostly blind in his charge and didn't realize where she had gone until he had gone by the door. Ruth came out of the bathroom with Manny's back unprotected. She swung the bat one handed down on his shoulder and retreated into the living room. That stung. 
Vulgar swearing was now added to the threats. Ruth stopped yelling and began looking around. The coffee table was at the end of hallway. If he went to grab it, she'd have time to get out of the suite. One table chair was lying on its side by the sofa. It was close enough for her to reach, but if she did, he could slip by her and block off her only escape route. The other chair was a bit behind her. She decided to prevent him from getting to the chair behind her. She had room to menace him with full swings in the open space. 
She watched as Manny edged his way to the fallen chair. He watched her carefully. Confident that she couldn't reach him, he leaned to his right, his right hand searching for a chair leg. He couldn't find it and looked down for an instant. That was a mistake. Ruth took two quick steps forward while raising the bat over her head and swung the bat as hard as she possibly could. He went down hard and never moved. Ruth stood over him, ready to swing again if he got up. That was when the police arrived. 
 # # # # # # # #
Paula: Sounds like self-defense to me.
Maddy: A catcher will have two or three quick steps. He underestimated her.
Winnie: We didn't look around when we were there. Karita, what was taking her so long to get out of the suite?
Karita: The bottom drawer of her bureau was open. She had legal papers in folders in there. He owed her child support and she had a folder of correspondence with a lawyer about that. Another folder held her divorce settlement and Piper's birth certificate. 
Winnie: Let's see what the investigation team finds. There'll be nothing in the suite with Manny's fingerprints. However, they should find fingerprints on the door he forced. That's also proof of break and enter. I'll pick up Piper from the house and debrief her in the stadium. Karita, come with me in Maddy's body. After I'm done, hypnotize her to sleep, take her to Tucson in your sling, and set her up in the apartment. Maddy, go down to Tucson now and see if you can enroll her in the summer baseball program. If you have time, see if you can get her some paying work. Paula, you're our eyes and ear in the police station. Cassie, you're our eyes and ears in the murder scene. We want to know what the police are doing and thinking. I'll dress like a lawyer and get an audience with Ruth. I know what she's going to say. I'm basically going there to tell her that Piper is OK. I'll involve Stu after that. If anything important crops up, message everybody.
...
Winnie: Stu can't make it. He's tied up helping Stook. I'll message Reese.
...
Winnie: Reese is on his way. He has to find some forged papers first. 
Karita: I don't want any backtalk about Reese becoming a crooked lawyer. He's straight arrow. I do the forging when it's necessary. 
Cassie: Sounds like you do this a lot.
Karita: We do indulge in some hobbies when we are in London. 
 # # # # # # # #
Monday afternoon.
Winnie: I didn't learn anything in Piper's debriefing that we didn't already know. I spoke with Ruth in my position as a paralegal working for a lawyer. They let me see Ruth but only to get her permission to bring Reese in for a meeting that she approved. I managed to whisper to her that Piper was safe as I shook her hand and that's why she agreed to talk to Reese. She knows I'm on her side. 
Karita: I'm on my way back to Pittsburgh now. I didn't have to hypnotize Piper to put her to sleep. She needed only some de-stressing. She had a good sleep and won't know how she got to Tucson. Maddy is with her now.
 Maddy: Maureen wasn't interested in having a friend of mine from Pittsburgh join the camp because it's intended for Arizona girls. I told her that my friend had a gun for an arm and showed her how far she could throw the ball on a straight line. Maureen was already planning to give me a job with the camp as a sort of assistant-assistant coach. I'll listen in on the planning meetings, and then do any grunt work that has to be done. Maureen said that my friend could join me. Both of us can work with the 13-year olds as assistant coaches. We'll be paid. 
Paula: Two detectives finished interrogating Ruth. Ruth's husband has a history of violence with her and is only allowed to see her once a year under supervision. He owes her a ton of spousal support but he has refused to pay it until he can see his daughter more often. She told them that Piper had fled the suite just before he arrived and was hiding somewhere. She didn't know where. She said her teammates would know. 
 # # # # # # # #
Monday at the end of the workday.
Cassie: The two detectives went through the basement thoroughly. They saw the forced door and took fingerprints. They saw the furniture thrown around and concluded that this was Manny's doing. Ruth wouldn't have been able to do it because she was holding a bat. They also saw the legal documents that Ruth was trying to take with her and took those as evidence along with the bat. They took pictures of the suite too. I think that they believed the story that Ruth was trying to leave before Manny got there. They plan to interview all of the baseball team and Piper tomorrow.
Paula: The detectives talked to a lieutenant who is their superior. He approved their plans for tomorrow. He also wants them to contact Ruth's lawyer and get his comments. He also wants them to find out where Manny was living so that they can contact the police there. 

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 29 

Tuesday Morning:
Karita: Reese arrived last night. He has a full set of ID and documents. His name is John Smith and he has a copter license to prove that. He has very formal and fancy documents from his university that show that he has the authority to practice law in international countries as part of the Treaty of Zurich signed in 2036. That treaty doesn't exist but it sounds good. He gives us another pair of eyes and ears too. 
Paula: A guy in a fancy police uniform came into the station and met with the Lieutenant. He called in the two detectives and I listened in. Ruth's case is being taken over by something called the Major Crimes Unit (MCU) and the detectives have gone back to their desks to collect all their notes and papers. The MCU is managed out of the Downtown Central Building wherever that is. Ruth will be transferred to central's lock-up, which probably means some serious jail cells. The order came as something of a surprise to the detectives, but they didn't raise a fuss. I'll move over to the Downtown Central Building too. 
... 
Paula: The MCU is run in the same way as the local stations with an officer in charge and detectives investigating the crimes. The only apparent difference is age and rank. They unit is run by a Captain, which is a big thing, I think. The detectives are 'Detective Sergeants' and the two on Ruth's case appear close to retirement. They've done some paperwork and are heading out to see the crime scene. 
...
Cassie: The two new detectives have arrived. They're going to the back door. GUYS, THEY ARE REPAIRING THE FORCED LOCK! 
...
Cassie: The lock repair is done. They've wiped their fingerprints off it and checked for fingerprints on the new clean lock. They have put the no-fingerprint flimsies into a plastic baggie. After that, they cleaned up the jumble in the suite and took pictures of it. They dated the pictures as yesterday. I expect the fingerprint baggie has the same date. 
Winnie: I have bad feeling about the central lock-up's cells. Paula, get into Ruth's cell. I think she'll have an accident, perhaps in the middle of the night. Try and prepare her. Karita, sneak in there as well. Reese, wait in the Major Crimes Unit for the detectives to return. Check their colors. Listen in on any conversations they have and check their colors. Guys, somebody or something is majorly scared of Ruth. We need to find out why. 
 # # # # # # # #
Tuesday evening: 
Reese: All but three of the officers in the squad room have reasonable colors for a profession that needs to be violent at times. The two detectives show colors consistent with the belief that breaking laws is all right if you're catching a big crook. Very little black. Quite a lot of orange. They are slimy followers.
The captain is worse. He has mostly black shades with a few reds. There is no smell of sulphur. The absence of reds means that he himself will not be violent; he gets others to handle the violence. He's greedy which suggests that he's on the take. 
The Captain's name is McNeil. Sigurdson is a tall and skinny detective sergeant. Alberts is the one with a lot of muscles. 
 # # # # # # # #
Wednesday morning.
Paula: I tripped Ruth's cellmate as she was approaching Ruth's bunk in the middle of the night. That woke Ruth up. The cellmate tried to assault her but Ruth handled her. The cellmate was removed this morning. She went to the cops' locker room and changed into her uniform. Her locker gave me her name. Flick. She left wearing motorcycle boots. 
Winnie: Good follow up, Paula. Guys, we'll need to build a case to get Ruth out of here. Document anything you find that we can use. Now that Reese is here, we can shift some assignments. Cassie, stay on the crime scene for another day. Paula, stay with Ruth. Reese, you have the new detectives and you will be in all of their formal interrogations as her lawyer. I will be with you as your paralegal. Karita, you have the captain. Somebody is pulling his strings. Maddy, you're locked into Tucson now. Keep following this conference and jump in if you think of something we should do. 
Reese: I need to collect a fee and a signed letter of employment if I'm to represent Ruth. The fee can be $1.
Karita. That will be difficult for Ruth. I'll have Piper hire you. 
Maddy: She's awake now. I'll tell her what's happening with the legalities. 
Karita: I'll be there in a couple of minutes. I need to forge a form first. 
 # # # # # # # #
Wednesday afternoon.
Reese: A guy is in the station and speaking to the detectives handling the murder case. He said that he has information on the murder case. His name is Rolf Jepson and he's the son of the guy who was killed. He told them that his mother had a history of violent and unprovoked bat attacks on his dad. His dad wanted to leave the marriage but didn't because he loved both of his children. He decided he had to leave when his mom beat him with the bat. His dad tried to get custody of his sister but Ruth's crooked lawyer blocked that. His dad refused to pay child support because of that. 
Winnie: Cassie, join Reese in the interrogation room. Follow Jepson wherever he goes.
Cassie: I'm on him now. 
Reese: Rolf's father saw Ruth at the baseball game on the first night of the tourney. She was playing for Pittsburgh and he figured that meant she had to be living there. He and his father were living in Pittsburgh too. He and his dad followed his mom and his sister home that first night. The next day, his dad collected all the money he could from his business and watched the final game. When the Wonders started to do the cleanup, he waited for her near the house. He was planning to offer to pay all the child support he owed plus much more if she would just give him custody of his daughter. He took the money with him. Obviously, his mom managed to get behind his dad and kill him with the bat that she always used to beat him with before. The detectives should have found the money in the apartment.
Reese: The detectives told him that that they found no money in the suite. He told them that his mom must have murdered his dad for the money and his sister probably stole it. She used to brag about all the stuff she had boosted from stores. The detectives took notes and left to report to their captain. I read Jepson's colors. They're bad. 
Karita: The detectives went into the captain's office and said Jepson had given them what they wanted. He asked them what they were going to do. They said that they wanted to charge the mother with murder. In addition, they wanted to send out a message to all police units that Piper Jepson was wanted for grand theft and being an accomplice to a murder. 
Winnie: Maddy, can you dye Piper's hair so that she can't be found?
Maddy: She has a light complexion so I can make her into a blonde and nobody will notice. With the new hair color, she'll look a lot like me. We're the same height. She's more muscular in the shoulders than I am. A little heavier too. 
Winnie: Anybody who has any thoughts on why they are after Piper, speak up.
Maddy: As a lever to use on Ruth?
 # # # # # # # #
Wednesday night.
Reese: The detectives have taken the folder that they received from the first detectives and have filed it in the storeroom for old cases. They made a deliberate mistake on where it went. They filed it under 'Quepson'. I can retrieve it whenever we need it.
Paula: The cell guards have moved Ruth into solitary confinement in the basement. She asked them why. They said for assaulting a cellmate. These charges will be added to the murder charges. Guys, she needs to hear some good news soon. I've soothed her all I can and it's not working any more. 
Winnie: Reese, she needs her lawyer. 
Reese: My first real case.
Winnie: I wouldn't mention that to Ruth if I were you.
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 30

Thursday morning. 
"I'm here to see my client."
"Client name?" 
"Ruth Jepson."
"Proof of contract with you?"
"Here it is. Piper Jepson is her daughter." 
"Will the mother accept you as your lawyer?"
"Yes."
"I don't see you on our list of Pennsylvania lawyers."
"Here are my credentials."
"London, eh. I've never seen any Brits here before."
"Blimey."
"Yeah, you're a Brit. Who's this?"
"My paralegal. She'll take notes."
"I have to speak to the captain first."
...
Karita: They're going to put you into a 'special' conference room. That must mean it's bugged.
Reese: That's not allowed.
Winnie: One more thing to catch them on.
...
"I'll bring your client up shortly. I'll have to search her after you leave so don't give her anything." 
"You'll do that search in front of me, Sergeant."
"Yes, Ma'am." 
"Say Sergeant, you don't bug the conference rooms, do you?"
"No Ma'am. That would be illegal."
...
Reese: Where would you hide a bug?
Winnie: In the air vent with the great view of the table. 
...
"Mrs. Jepson, my name is Josephine and this is your lawyer, John Smith. Your daughter hired us to represent you. Here's the document that she signed."
"That's her handwriting. When am I leaving?"
"I'm feeling chilly in here. Must be the air conditioning. Would you mind if we huddled in the corner over here?"
 # # # # # # # # 
Still Thursday morning.
Winnie: Ruth is better now that she knows that Piper is safe in Arizona and playing baseball. I told her she had a job and was paying her own way. That brightened her up. Maddy, tell Piper that her mother asked about her. Suggest to her that she write her a letter. If you can get it to us before 9 am tomorrow, we'll give it to her in our next meeting. As long as she can hear about Piper, I think she'll be fine. Cassie, anything to report on Jepson? 
Cassie: He went back to a grungy looking apartment. Two bedrooms, one for him and the other for his dad. He's not showing any signs of loss of his father. He is flashing a lot of money, which he may have received for his trip to the police station. Right now, he's inviting people to a party in MY apartment. That's what he's calling his dad's apartment now. He seems quite happy about that. 
Winnie: Cassie, check the dad's bedroom when you can. Try and find out what his dad's business was. 
Cassie: I'll check on the party to see what kind of friends he has. Otherwise, I'll go through his dad's bedroom. 
Winnie: Maddy, Granny should be back in Heaven by now. Ask her if she would be willing to teach you and a friend how to bake goodies. Reese and I can pass them to Ruth. You'll have to tell her a little bit about the operation so that she doesn't spill anything to Piper. 
Maddy: That's great. I don't know any thing about baking. I'll try to set it up for the weekend. We don't have any baseball commitments.
Paula: Winnie, you sound inspired. By any chance, do you know what we're doing yet?
Winnie: Yah, I had an idea. We're going to put on a show. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 31

Friday morning. 
[Narrator: For the purposes of clarity, Reese and Winnie referred to each other as John and Josephine whenever they were meeting with Ruth. I'll write their proper names in this book to make it less confusing.] 
"We're here to see our client."
"We'll bring her up. What's with the blanket?"
"My paralegal was cold last meeting." 
....
"What's with the blanket?" Ruth asked as soon as the officer left the room. Reese and Winnie were sitting on one side of the table. Winnie had a long blanket over her shoulders. There was an empty chair between them and Winnie indicated that Ruth should sit there.
"You look cold, Ruth. You can share my blanket." 
"I'm..."
"Reese, if you could pull the blanket your way, I think you'll find it's long enough to keep you warm too."
It was.
"My head is cold," Winnie warned. "I could come down with a cold. You could too. Let's pull the blanket over our heads. I think it'll fit."
Not surprisingly, it did. The conversation that followed was conducted in whispers under a blanket cover. 
"This room is bugged," Winnie started. "The camera is behind us and they won't be able to see what we're doing. The blanket will keep them from hearing what we say."
"What they're doing is illegal, but we'll let them get away with it for today," Reese added. "I have a letter for you from Piper. They're going to search you when you leave, so I'll need it back." Reese had his briefcase in his lap. He opened it and passed over a folded piece of paper.
Winnie and Reese looked away while Ruth read the letter, snuffled a bit and wiped some tears away."
"Thank you," she sniffed and handed the letter back. 
"My niece, Maddy, is with her and will take good care of her. Reese and I will take care of you. Others are working to get you released as well."
"Who is doing this to me and why?"
"Some people within the Pittsburgh police department are doing this," Winnie said. "We know who they are. We don't know why they're doing it yet." 
"Has anybody come to ask you questions? If so, they are not allowed to do that unless I am present. If they try that, keep saying LAWYER and don't say anything else. When they are questioning you, I'll be with you. I'll nod if it's safe for you to answer."
"Nobody has tried. I haven't been out of the cell. Nobody else is in it."
"They don't let you out of your cell to exercise?"
"No."
"Why are you in isolation?" Reese continued to probe. "Did they give a reason?"
"They said it was because I had assaulted a cell mate. She came after me. I defended myself. They never asked what had happened. They just assumed I was guilty and they told me that the assault charges would be added to the murder charges."
"That assault attempt was by a Pittsburgh police officer. We know her name and will deal with her. The murder charge is bogus. Winnie and I know you are innocent."
 "Tell me about your son," Winnie asked.
"He turned out to be a smaller version of my husband who was a liar, cheater, unfaithful husband, violent hot-tempered bully. Should I go on?"'
"Does your son work for a living?"
"I don't know. I only see him once a year. Piper says he brags about the women he's had and the amount of money that his dad gives him."
"He and his dad were living in Pittsburgh. Did you know that?" Winnie again. 
"I figured it out."
"Any idea what your husband did for a living in Pittsburgh?"
"No. When we were married, he was always after the quick buck. We were always poor, partly because I was trying to play pro. But I had steady jobs in our hometowns. He never worked steadily for anybody."
Reese took over. "Did you husband ever have a business of his own that made money?"
"No. Never. That would have taken planning and commitment. That wasn't him. He was after the quick buck without having to work too hard for it. If he had any money, he would have spent it."
"How would he be able to give his son money then?"
"Rolf is not known for his integrity. He lies."
"I'm sorry to hear that your food is so bad," Winnie commiserated. "Have you been ill a lot?"
"What?"
"Yes, I agree. They might be putting something in your food. It's probably best if you refuse to eat it. We'll bring food with us from now on. Reese has some fruit and a sandwich in his briefcase. Go ahead and eat, we are done here."
...
"I don't eat anything they give me from now on?"
"Right. You think that they are trying to poison you. Don't be reluctant to share your suspicions with the guards. One of our friends that we can't name will sneak some food to you in the middle of the night. If there's a single peanut in the food, it's from us and it's safe to eat. Don't let them know that you aren't starving. Flush any debris. Remember to eat the peanut."
"Are you serious?"
"Yes. Peanuts can be very nutritious."
 # # # # # # # # 
Friday evening.
Karita: Guys, the captain that is running the show is in a restaurant with somebody who talks in grunts and gestures. The guy is eating; the captain isn't. He looks decidedly un-hungry. I'm not hearing much of the conversation. It's noisy in here and I'm reluctant to get too close. The two of them are sitting at a table against a wall. The table behind them has two burly guys who haven't ordered and are spending their time looking around. The two men on the other side are doing the same but in a different direction. Best I can make out of the conversation is: "You know what I want. Get it done." The guy sprays his food when he talks. You need danger pay to sit across the table from him. 
Winnie: That's the guy who is pulling the strings. Karita, follow Food Sprayer when he leaves, but stay back. I'm happy if you can just tell us where he lives. I'm calling Galahad to help us out. He'll take over for you. You'll be very busy soon. Do you know where the police captain lives?
Karita: Yes, but I haven't been inside. I pick him up when he leaves work. 
Winnie: Paula, come off Ruth now. Please work with Karita to identify the internal layouts of the homes of our key suspects. Leave a window open or unlocked so that you can get in and out with a mortal body. The homes we want you to access belong to: Police Captain McNeil, Jepson junior, Sigurdson, Alberts, Flick, and the first two detectives. Reese stay with your two detectives and let's see how hard they investigate but coordinate with Galahad so that you have a chance to read Food Sprayer's colors. Cassie, keep trying to find out how Jepson senior managed to live in Pittsburgh. I'll help whoever needs me. 
Cassie: I've found as much as I'm going to. Jepson senior was working for a guy that loaned money by the week. If somebody fell behind in paying the interest on a loan, Manny would beat on him to encourage payment. He made enough money to live reasonably well. His bank records showed that he was not a saver. Whatever money he made, he kept it at home. Jepson junior is spending that now. I can't work this weekend. I have personal business to attend to back home. I have to go now. 
 Cassie headed of to Heaven with a glint in her eye that Winnie hadn't seen before.
[Well, well, well.]

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 32

Saturday, June 25.
Galahad quickly identified Food Sprayer as a mob boss specializing in loans. There were several mobs in Pittsburgh. His business was booming because he was close to being a vital part of the city's financial services. Reese ruled that Food Sprayer was very nasty, but not a devil. The other mob bosses in Pittsburgh also were sulfur free.
Winnie did a few odd jobs like delivering midnight food packages. One of those packages contained goodies that had the flavor of the Granny touch. A taste test was essential to ensure the quality was remaining high. Winnie also did a little home decorating with some red spray paint. It wouldn't win any artistic awards, but it would be noticed. Speaking of artistic skills, she spent several hours writing. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Sunday, Winnie went back to Heaven to check with Shields on how her trade trip to Dionysus had fared. That hadn't gone so well. The new government had elected to not enter into a trade for chocolate. The planet's mead industry had argued that their sales would be hurt and that would be bad for the planet with loss of jobs uppermost in their minds. There'd also be loss of profits and bonuses for executives, but they didn't mention that. Dionysus was actually apologetic about the decision given that the angels had to endure some rude welcomes. He promised to look around for another planet that might be interested in chocolate. 
Shields believed that he might actually do that. She was pushing Galahad to increase Heaven's fleet of transports more quickly. Jacob and Cassie had been working well together, until Cassie was pulled down to Earth. Galahad did promote Jacob to higher position and Joe-Joe did adjust Jacob's body. He didn't tell him what that meant. He figured he'd find out soon enough. Some angels in the know were making bets. Winnie would wait until she had corroboration before notching another win on her matchmaking belt.
The mass memory wipes of all of the Greeks in cluster Heracles had gone well. Shields had ferried them around the cluster as part of her trip to Dionysus. 
Winnie returned to Earth and checked on her cast. Reese had practiced his lines and was ready. Karita and Paula had completed their assignments and were confident in the outcome. Winnie delivered some food and waited nervously for Monday to arrive. You never knew when a random event would foul up the best-laid plans. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 33

WHAT'S WRONG WITH THE PITTSBURGH POLICE DEPARTMENT?

by Molly Moonblossom
Monday, June 27, 2095

Something is not adding up in Pittsburgh. A woman was arrested on the evening of June 19 and taken to the local police station where she was incarcerated. She had been found in her home with a dead husband and a blood-spattered bat in her hand. The next day, she was transferred to the Major Crimes Unit in Downtown Central. Eight days later, she has not been charged with anything. No detective from the MCU has asked her any questions. She has been confined in solitary inside a small cell in the basement of Downtown Central's lock up where she has not been allowed out except for meetings with her lawyer. She has had no access to exercise facilities. Effectively, she has been locked into a large dog cage. According to Pittsburgh police guidelines, they should have charged her with a crime within 48 hours of her arrest. If not, they should have released her. As of today, she had been held against her will in solitary confinement for seven days. Solitary confinement for this long is considered torture in some jurisdictions.
This raises some questions about the integrity of the Pittsburgh Police Force.
Why haven't the police charged her?
Why haven't the MCU detectives asked her any questions? 
I'll be investigating further to determine if Pittsburgh's police are corrupt.
 # # # # # # # # 
GROSSLY UNACCEPTABLE POLICE CONDUCT WITHIN THE PITTBURGH POLICE DEPARTMENT

by Molly Moonblossom
Tuesday, June 28, 2095
Thank you to those Pittsburgh police who have provided further details about the woman who has been held unlawfully in the basement lock up of Downtown Central. Your information has been valuable. 
Police members themselves have privately acknowledged to me that everything I wrote yesterday about a murder suspect was correct. The woman has not been charged. She has not been questioned. She has not been able to tell anybody except her lawyer that she is innocent. 
Here are some more horror stories that I have heard. 
The room in which she meets with her lawyers is supposed to be private. Police are not allowed to listen secretly to confidential attorney-client discussions. And yet, on the weekend, somebody spray painted a big red circle on the wall of the room where she meets with her lawyer. That person wrote in red: Warning. A spy camera is here. There's an arrow pointing to a vent on the wall. Do you find that curious? I do. I'm curious how anybody other than a member of the police force could have entered that cell with a can of spray paint and asserted that a bug was inside the vent. I'm also curious as to whether there was indeed a bug concealed in the vent. Personally, I'd be quite happy to go into that cell and look into the vent. I'd interview the women as well. 
For almost a week now, the woman has been refusing to eat the food that the police provide her. She claims that it tastes funny. You too would worry about funny tasking food if you thought the police were out to kill you. Fortunately, somebody is slipping her un-poisoned food in the middle of the night. Do you find that curious? I do.
I call on the Attorney General's Office to investigate and charge this woman with a crime or let her go. 
I have more internal information that I will share with the public if this woman is not charged or freed within 48 hours. She deserves her day in court.

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 34

Wednesday, June 29.
"Court is now in session. Mr. Prosecutor, we have a bail hearing. Please proceed."
"Your honor, Mrs. Ruth Jepson has been charged with murder of her husband, Manny Jepson, as well as assault of a cell mate. We believe that Mrs. Jepson is a severe flight risk. Her daughter also faces charges associated with this crime and she cannot be found. We recommend that bail be set at $3 million."
"Anything else Mr. Prosecutor?"
"No, Your Honor."
"Mrs. Jepson, please stand."
...
"You have heard the charges. How do you plead?"
"Not guilty."
"So recorded. I agree that $3 million..."
"Your Honor, if I may interrupt."
"What's your name again, Counsellor?"
"John Smith. Your Honor. I would like to call some witnesses."
"Witnesses?"
"Yes, Your Honor. I believe witnesses can be called in a bail hearing. I wish to exercise that right."
"It's irregular, but yes, you can call some witnesses."
"I will need to serve some subpoenas first. I'll be ready to proceed tomorrow."
"Very well. Mr. Prosecutor, do you wish to call witnesses too?"
"If I may, Your Honor. The prosecution had its opportunity to call witnesses and did not. In doing so, the prosecutor rested his case."
"Objection!"
"Interesting. It's a bail hearing. Mr. Prosecutor, you had the chance to call witnesses but didn't. You're done. Court will reconvene tomorrow at 9 am."
"If I may, Your Honor. May I suggest that we move to a larger court? This one is full and people are lined up in the hallway. 
"Lined up? Really? Very well. We'll use the main courtroom."
 # # # # # # # # 
The main courtroom was also full Thursday morning. News that witnesses would be heard had prompted many citizens, most of them women, to come and hear about Ruth's ordeal. Certain people who were trying to bury the whole incident were not too happy, especially when people on the police force alerted their superiors that they would not be at work on Thursday because they had to testify. Maximum pressure was exerted in order to keep them silent. Threats of imminent downsizing of the police force were stick-like in intent. For carrot purposes, they received a copy of the police force's salary schedule with a circle around a figure that was much higher than they were currently receiving. 
All of this pressure was applied quietly and behind the scenes. The majority of the police force was honest and many had been appalled at the allegations. All the spectators in the front row of seats were wearing blue dress uniforms, many of which had a lot of gold braid. Ruth saw that as a sign of intimidation. Josephine tried to reassure her that she had many supporters on the police force, but she didn't actually know if that were true or not. 
Winnie's team, concerned that a neighboring spectator might feel a sling, had gone high and were sitting on the heads of various statues that adorned the walls. John Smith was taking sips of water from a flask on the table in front of him. Karita had a direct link into his mind and was whispering reassurances. 
"Court is in session. Call your first witness, Mr. Smith."
Reese's opening witnesses were the three members of the Wonders who had rushed to Ruth's aid after the tournament was over. From them, he elicited praise of Ruth's character including her non-violent nature, revelations that she was terribly afraid of her husband, and a description of what the basement suite looked like when they left with Piper. He also had this sequence of questions.
"Were you ever interviewed by any detective about your actions that evening?"
"No."
"Would you have been willing to talk with a detective?"
"Yes."
"To your knowledge, were any other members of the team interviewed?"
"No."
"Seeing as how you were in the suite scant minutes before the incidents, did that surprise you?"
"Yes."
"Were you hiding?"
"No."
"How could they have found you?"
"Ruth would have told them. She'd know that we would stand up for her."
"But, they never came."
"No."
"What impression of the police force did you form when nobody came to ask you about that night?"
"They were incompetent/stupid/fools." [A different answer for each woman.] 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Your honor, I will be calling two detectives who operate as a team. I could call them separately, but you would be hearing the same information twice. I have many more witnesses to call and that could be time consuming. May I suggest that you swear them in together and they sit together and take turns answering my questions? One of them can have my chair. I'm not using it."
That comment about many more witnesses caused the prosecutor to revaluate what he was facing. He hadn't cross-examined any of the three Wonders, not having anything to complain about. But the picture of a single mom, frightened of her husband had resonated with the spectators. From now on, he would challenge the witnesses. 
The judged approved the highly irregular motion to hear two witnesses at once and motioned the bailiff to swear them in.
"Do you promise to tell the truth, the whole truth, so help you God?"
"I do."
"I do."
...
"I understand that you interrogated Mrs. Jepson the morning after she had been arrested. Where was that?"
"An interrogation room in the Wallace Street Station where we work."
"Did she admit to killing her husband?"
"Yes, but she claimed it was self defense. She described how he had suddenly appeared in the hallway and had attacked her. She fended him off with a bat that she kept handy in case he ever showed up. He attacked her with furniture, either throwing it at her, or trying to pin her to the wall with it. He yelled that he was going to kill her. She had to fight him off with the bat. He tried to pick up a chair to throw at her and had to take his eyes of her. She hit him on the head with the bat. That was the only target she had. All she wanted to do was escape."
"What else did you learn?"
"Her husband had a history of violence with her and for that reason, he was only allowed to meet with her once a year and that had to be under the supervision of her lawyer. She had custody of her daughter but he refused to pay child support, which now had added up to a lot of money. If he had paid her that money, she wouldn't be living in poverty."
"She has a daughter?"
"Yes. Her daughter had been with her just before her husband arrived. She told us that she was probably with one of her teammates. She gave us all their names and addresses."
"You knew where all the teammates were but didn't interview them?"
"We planned to, but we were taken off the case the next day. We were planning to confirm Mrs. Jepson's story with her divorce lawyer, and try to find out more about Mr. Jepson but never had the chance."
"Tell me what you found at the scene of the crime."
 ... 
"So as I understand what you have said, the back door to the house was forced open and that would have given somebody access to the hallway where Mrs. Jepson was living. Is that a crime?"
"Yes."
"Definitely a crime?"
"Yes."
"And those finger prints. If those had proven to be the fingerprints of Mr. Jepson, how would that have affected your investigation?"
"The broken door, and the recent nature of that breakage had already influenced us to consider Mrs. Jepson's claim of self defense as accurate. If those prints had been Mr. Jepson's, we would have called the murder self defense. Everything about that suite supported Mrs. Jepson's account."
"Did you take a picture of the suite?"
"Yes. We took several pictures of the suite and the broken door. That's standard police practice." 
"But you were taken off the case by a senior captain. What did you do then?"
"We handed over all of our notes including the pictures and finger print flimsies to the two detectives assigned to her case."
"Would it surprise you to learn that the other detectives never interviewed her?"
"Very much so. If you take over a case from other detectives, you would always want to ask your own questions." 
"I have no more questions, Judge."
"Mr. Prosecutor?"
"Detectives, were you replaced because you had done a sloppy job and made wrong decisions?"
"We hadn't made any decisions. We were leaning towards a self-defense conclusion but had other investigations to pursue before we would recommend something to our lieutenant. If we had done sloppy work, our lieutenant would have told us that." 
"I have no further questions."
"You may step down," the judge said. 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Do you promise to tell the truth, the whole truth, so help you God?"
"I do."
"Constable Flick, what's your assignment in the Downtown Central station?"
"I'm in the motorcycle patrol unit."
"Are you sometimes placed in a cell dressed as a prisoner?"
 "Yes. Only for women prisoners though."
"Were you put into Mrs. Jepson's cell?"
"Yes."
"Why were you there?"
"To beat her so badly that she'd confess."
 "Have you done that before with other women?"
"Yes."
"Successfully?"
"Yes." 
"So, a number of women have been prosecuted and found guilty because of a beating that you gave to them."
"Yes."
"Is it possible that some of them confessed in order to stop the beating even though they were innocent?"
"Yes."
"Were you instructed to do this by the prosecutor who is in this courtroom?"
"OBJECTION!"
 "Overruled. Answer the question Constable."
"No."
"I did you a favour, Mr. Prosecutor. People would have wondered. Sounds to me that you have a lot of cases to review. Innocent people are in jail. Some trials should have been thrown out of court. Constable, did you keep a record of the women you beat into a confession?"
"No, but I remember them all. I didn't want to do it."
"Why did you do it then?"
"I was ordered to. I had been told that this was the way that we could keep criminals off the streets."
"Did you attempt to beat Mrs. Jepson into a confession?"
"Yes."
"It doesn't appear to have worked."
"It didn't."
"Why not?"
"She's tough but I had such a bad headache that I could barely see."
"So the assault that was added to Mrs. Jepson's charges was her self defense against your illegal assault when you were in her cell disguised as a prisoner."
"Yes." 
"I have no further questions, Judge."
"Are you sure, Mr. Smith? Wouldn't you want to know who ordered her into that cell?"
"I already do, Judge."
"Are you going to share?"
"All in good time, Judge."
"Mr. Prosecutor, questions?"
"I have none."
"You may step down, Constable. We'll break for a one-hour lunch. A caution to the people watching this bail hearing: the seats in the public part of this courtroom are not reserved. Leave at your own peril."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 35

Ruth was taken back to a temporary cell in the Justice Building for the lunch recess. Reese had to talk with Karita about the afternoon, so Winnie accompanied her, mostly to keep her company. Her two guards (both female) were very nice and offered to bring both of them lunch from their staff cafeteria. They went on to promise that it wouldn't be poisoned and they wouldn't be bugged, which was interesting. Winnie had no idea how many people had read her Molly Moonblossom posts, but the crowd in the courtroom and the care that these two guards were showing Ruth were good signs. 
Winnie had one tough thing to do and that was to warn Ruth that Rolf would be testifying that afternoon. "He'll say some hate-full things about you, but Reese will clear things up after he's finished. Just ignore him."
"It's hard to ignore your own flesh and blood. I lost him years ago."
"On a happier note, Piper is learning how to bake the goodies that you been eating. My granny dropped in on the two girls and taught both of them how to make a couple of treats."
"That was nice of her. I love chocolate."
"You may not like this. Piper is a blonde now. Maddy bought some dye and they figured out how to do it." 
"She wanted to experiment?"
"No. Pittsburgh has a warrant out for her arrest and circulated it widely. We didn't think it would get to Arizona but didn't want to take the chance."
"Pittsburgh's police are chasing her too?"
"Yes. The charges are bogus."
"Do you know yet why they're trying to kill us? They are trying to kill us, right?"
"They are. We don't know why yet. We'll know more at the end of the trial. You'll be free then and we'll take you to Arizona to be with Piper."
"My mother was a blonde. So was my sister. It sort of runs in the family."
"You do have a fair complexion." 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Court is now in session. I see we have a baseball team here. I hope you checked your bats at the door," the judge quipped. [A judge with a bit of humor. Who knew?]
Ruth turned around but didn't see them.
"Up here." 
The judge had opened up seating in the upper mezzanine because of the size of crowd waiting when he returned from lunch. The team was there in their uniforms. They stood up, and waved. Ruth waved back, sat down, and wiped away another tear. "This has been hard," she whispered to Winnie.
"I don't know how you've handled it for this long. One more blow to come. Remember, you're walking out of this courtroom a free woman."
"Mr. Smith, call your next witness."
"I call Rolf Jepson."
"Do you promise to tell the truth, the whole truth, so help you God?"
"I do."
[Reese went though a series of questions revealing Rolf's background with his father and mother, where he was currently living, and so on. Most of them required a single word answer. That duty done, Reese hung his suit coat on the back of his chair, took off his tie, and unbuttoned the top of his shirt. He opened his briefcase, took out a paper bag, and approached the witness chair. At that point, the trial got decidedly weird.]
"Do you know what this is?" Reese opened the bag and held it so that Rolf could see inside.
"It looks like a coconut."
"Are you sure? Take it out of the bag and look at closely."
"It's a coconut."
"Smell it, rub it."
[Reese, what are you doing?]
[Hush, Paralegal.]
[Hush?]
[I'll tell you later. Don't distract me now.]
"It's definitely a coconut."
"What kind of coconut is it?"
"I don't know anything about coconuts."
"This is a special coconut. It's called The Coconut of Truth." 
"Never heard of it."
"Once a person has touched it and squeezed it, that person cannot tell a lie. That's why it's called The Coconut of Truth."
"Scary."
'You should be scared. Here come the questions. Feel free to lie. I figure you're good at it. Ready?"
"Yup."
"Is the court secretary ready?'
"Yes," a woman at a desk by the judge's podium said.
"Judge, are you ready?"
"I'm more than ready, Counselor. Get on with it.
"Mr. Jepson, what's your first name?"
"I already told you. Rolf."
"Good. We're all agreed that Rolf is your true name. Now, I'm going to ask you again for your name. I want you to lie this time. Understood?"
"I took an oath to tell the truth."
"You certainly did. Judge, may Mr. Jepson lie this one time without penalty?" 
"Yes."
"Are you ready, Mr. Jepson?"
"Yeah."
"Good. Focus now. Respond with a lie. Mr. Jepson, what is your first name?"
"My first name is Rolf."
"That's disappointing. You were going to lie. Let's try this. We all know that Ruth Jepson is your mother. I'll ask you if she is. Lie. Tell me that she's your aunt or something. Are you ready?"
"Yeah."
"Mr. Jepson, is Ruth Jepson your mother?"
"Yes."
"Wow, this must be embarrassing for you. It looks like the Coconut of Truth has captured you. Shall I start with the hard questions now, or would you like to try to lie one more time?"
"Give me another question."
"About what? Remember we have to know what the true answer is."
"Ask me where I'm living."
"Be more specific."
"What city."
"Mr. Jepson, what city do you live in?"
"Pittsburgh."
"Objection. Immaterial. Badgering the witness."
"Judge, this line of questioning is intended to determine if the witness can be trusted to tell the truth. Mr. Jepson is MY witness, not the prosecutor's." 
"Objection overruled. Only one more test, Counselor."
"Members of the Wonders Baseball team, please stand."
...
"Mr. Jepson, can you see them clearly?"
"Yes."
"I'll ask you a question. I want you to lie."
"I'm definitely going to lie this time."
"Mr. Jepson, are the women standing in the mezzanine members of the Wonders Baseball team?"
"Yes. F f f f f f!"
"Language, Mr. Jepson. Control yourself."
"Judge, I submit that I have demonstrated that Mr. Jepson cannot tell a lie no matter how hard he tries. Therefore, for the questions that I am about to ask him, we may all assume that no matter what he tells us, he is telling the truth."
"Mr. Prosecutor?"
"I don't know what to say. I don't believe in a coconut of truth."
"Would you like me to test it on you, Mr. Prosecutor?" 
"Let's see where this takes us," the judge ruled. 
 # # # # # # # # 
"So Mr. Jepson, almost everything you told the two detectives was a lie. Your mother didn't have a violent history; it was your dad who had a history of violence. She didn't beat him with a bat, she was the one who left him because he was fooling around with prostitutes and he didn't want to have custody of your sister. Is that right?"
"Yes." 
"We now know that it's true that your dad was living in Pittsburg, he did see your mom at the game and he did follow her home. But you weren't with him. Right?"
"Right. I didn't know anything about her even being in town."
"What about him collecting money from his businesses. Was that a lie too?"
"Yes. He didn't have any businesses."
"Why did you even mention it to the detectives."
"The piece of paper that I got told me what to say."
"Who gave you the paper?"
"Some guy."
"What do you know about him?"
"I've seen him around, but that's all. He also gave me money for talking to the detectives."
"Who gave him the money to give to you?"
"I don't know. You don't ask questions when somebody is giving you money for doing a little lying. You knew a lot about what I said. How come?"
"Not everybody in the police force liked what happened to your mom. Let's talk about your dad now. Where did he earn his money to live?"
"He worked for guys who lent people money but they didn't pay it back quickly enough. My dad would beat on them so that they'd pay."
"Who specifically did he work for?"
"I don't know any names."
"But he made a lot of money?"
"Yeah. He was teaching me how to collect on loans too."
"So, let's be blunt. He was working for the mob, right?"
"Yeah."
"And that's who paid you."
"Yeah."
"And they were after your mother and your sister too. Do you know why?"
"No."
"Do you care?"
"No. Why would I?" 
"I'm done with this witness."
"Mr. Prosecutor?"
"No questions."
"You may step down, Mr. Jepson."
"Judge, my client needs a recess."
"Bailiff, take Mrs. Jepson and her lawyers to my chambers. The rest of you stick tight if you want to keep your seat. There's a crowd outside."
"Can we come too?" A voice filtered down from the mezzanine. 
The judge looked up and saw the standing Wonders. "You can go to my chambers too. Bailiff, make sure they don't lose their seats."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 36

"Call your next witness, Mr. Smith."
"Judge, once again I wish to call two witnesses to the stand. They work as a team. They will have the same answers."
"Any objections, Mr. Prosecutor?"
"None whatsoever."
"Proceed, Mr. Smith."
"I call Detectives Sigurdson and Alberts."
...
"Do you promise to tell the truth, the whole truth, so help you God?"
"I do."
"I do."
 # # # # # # # # 
[You may now assume that the two detectives had been sworn in and were successfully introduced to the Coconut of Truth. Only one of them had to answer a question and they could alternate. Reese has also established what their jobs had been in the investigation. Note that these witnesses had not been allowed into the courtroom before they had testified. That meant that they knew nothing about the Coconut of Truth.]
"So, you took over the case from the Wallace Street Station detectives on Tuesday June 21. How many times did you question Mrs. Jepson?"
"Zero times."
"Did you arrange for Constable Flick to be put into Mrs. Jepson's cell?"
"Yes."
"What was she supposed to do?"
"Beat a confession out of her and get her to sign it."
"Have you done this before?"
"Yes."
"How many times?"
"We don't keep track."
"When Constable Flick didn't get that done, what did you do?"
"We charged Mrs. Jepson with assault and put her into solitary."
"When were you planning to let her out of solitary?"
"When we were told to."
 "Did you interview a Rolf Jepson?"
"Yes."
"Did you believe what he told you?"
"No."
"And yet, you used his information to accuse Mrs. Jepson of murder. Is that correct?"
"Yes."
"Did you believe that Mr. Manny Jepson had brought business money into the house?"
"No."
"But still, you charged Mrs. Jepson's daughter with grand theft and sent out requests for assistance finding her. Is that right?"
"Yes."
"Why didn't you believe Rolf Jepson and all of his lies? Did you have a Coconut of Truth?"
"No. We knew he was coming and he would tell us what we wanted to hear. We were told to accuse Mrs. Jepson of murder and her daughter with grand theft and accessory to murder."
 "Did you know that the Wallace Street detectives had collected almost enough evidence to conclude that Mrs. Jepson had acted in self defense.”?
"No."
"But they gave you their notes, pictures, and fingerprint flimsies. Did you read them?"
"No."
"What did you do with their information?"
"We filed it in the dead case cabinet."
"Weren't you concerned that it still could be discovered?" 
"No. We filed it under the name Quepson." 
 [At that point, one of the police officers sitting in the front row rushed out of the courtroom.]
"So you deliberately ignored evidence that could have led to Mrs. Jepson's release, used false evidence to accuse her of crimes that she did not commit, hid her where she wouldn't be found, and never talked to her. Is all of that correct?"
"Yes."
"Were you paid to do this?"
"No."
...
"Were you going to be paid to do this?"
"Yes." 
"You have perverted justice in many ways, right?"
"Yes."
"For approximately how many years?"
"Five years."
"Have you been paid for these perversions of justice?"
"Yes."
"Would it be accurate to say that you have been paid with mob money?"
"Yes."
"Have you been told what to do by a mob man?"
"No."
"Who gave you your instructions?"
"Captain McNeil."
"I'm finished with these two witnesses, Judge."
"Mr. Prosecutor?"
"I have no questions, Judge. But I do have a request. When you release Detectives Sigurdson and Alberts from the stand, will you release them to me? I will charge them immediately."
"Yes, Mr. Prosecutor. But for now, Bailiff, please take the two detectives to my chambers and keep them there until the trial is over."
"A moment, your honor. Technically right now, these two men are still in the witness box."
"Good point, Mr. Smith. Gentlemen, you may step down. Bailiff, take them to my chambers. We're adjourned for ten minutes." 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Call your next witness, Mr. Smith."
"Judge, I call Captain McNeil."
...
"Do you promise to tell the truth, the whole truth, so help you God?"
"I do."
[Reese has successfully applied his botanical truth serum and is now ready to ask Captain McNeil some real questions. The stares from the blue row of police must have been palpable. McNeil had his head down so that he didn't have to look at them.]
"How long have you been working as a Captain in Downtown Central?"
"I plead the fifth."
[In US law, a witness in court can refuse to answer questions that could incriminate him in a crime. This protection from self-incrimination is enshrined in the Fifth Amendment to the US constitution. Even though the United States did not exist as a single country in 2095, judges still recognized the right of witnesses to refuse to answer questions in court if that answer would incriminate them.]
"Do you realize that I could get that information from the police department?"
"I plead the fifth."
[Having trained in London, Reese was vaguely aware of US laws, but didn't realize that pleading the fifth meant refusing to answer any question whatsoever while under oath.] 
"Were Detectives Sigurdson and Alberts under your command?"
"I plead the fifth."
"Counselors, approach the bench." 
...
"He can do this all day long, Mr. Smith. You don't have this defense in London, do you?"
"No, your honor. May I have a minute or two to consult.”?
"Granted."
 # # # # # # # # 
Reese stepped away from Ruth so that he could communicate with Winnie without Ruth seeing that he wasn't moving his lips. He huddled with Winnie and added Karita to their mind message conference. 
Reese: Karita, I thought your hypnotic instruction meant that he had to tell the truth. Did you miss McNeil?
Karita: No.
Reese: Did you use the same trigger words?
Karita: Yes. 'Do you swear to tell the truth?' The cancellation is the same too. 'You may step down.'
Winnie: Reese, what's with the truth coconut? That wasn't part of the script.
Reese: The coconut was to take attention away from people suspecting that the witnessed had been hypnotized.
Winnie: You certainly did that. You were enjoying yourself, weren't you?
Reese: Up to now. I don't know how he's blocking the hypnosis spell. 
Winnie: Karita, what were your exact words? 
Karita: 'All your answers have to be honest.'
Winnie: There's the hole. The spell didn't require him to answer. 
Karita: He was warned and had time to think.
Winnie: Yeah. 
Reese: What do we do? We have enough to spring Ruth.
Winnie: McNeil's testimony was supposed to identify his mob contact, That would allow us to find out why the mob was trying to kill Ruth. We need McNeil to answer. Otherwise, she won't be safe.
At this point, Mr. Random Events stepped in with the sound of a huge blast that actually shook the windows of the building. Everybody in the courtroom froze for a few seconds.
 # # # # # # # # 
GALAHAD, ARE YOU OK? WHAT WAS THAT BLAST?
I'm OK. I lost some feathers, that's all. That blast was the sound of Food Sprayer's entire house blowing up. I was on the roof at the time but the explosion just blew me into the air where the flames couldn't burn me. That bomb wasn't installed recently. I would have seen it. Nobody in that house could have survived and Food Sprayer was inside.
The mob just executed Food Sprayer before we could get to him.
 # # # # # # # # 
Back in the courtroom, everybody was communicating with a friend in the world outside the courtroom. The formal word of what had happened arrived quickly enough. 
The judge started a workout on his gavel and peace was gradually restored. In that brief period, somebody else concluded that the mob had just executed one of its own. 
"Mr. Smith, what are you going to do?"
Captain McNeil made Reese's decision unnecessary. "I'll answer questions if you can guarantee my safety," he said.
That led to a much longer recess. During that recess, the police reported that they had found the missing case file and processed the fingerprints on the outside door. They belonged to Manny Jepson. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Here's what happened after the recess.
In the matter of Ruth Jepson, the prosecutor said that he would not be charging her and she was free to go. The entire front row of the courtroom stood in a wave of blue and clapped. Later, each one of them would speak to Ruth and extend his apologies for what had happened to her. 
One man in a blue uniform approached John Smith, identified himself as the Police Commission's lawyer, and asked Reese for a meeting in which Reese could negotiate how much the police commission had to pay so that Ruth wouldn't sue them. That turned out to be a series of meetings. 
As to Piper, the police retracted their accusations and cancelled the appeal to other police for their help. 
The city began a long process of cleaning up the cases where the mob had interfered. That didn't mean the criminal activity stopped. It just meant that other mobs started making more money. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 37

 The operation had been a success, especially when Reese and Karita had managed to get the evidence of Ruth's mistreatments into a courtroom. But, for Winnie, the high of that success was fleeting. All of her plans to determine why somebody wanted to kill Ruth had come to naught. It was likely that somebody was using Food Sprayer as a tool to get to her, but that also was not certain. 
If you were looking for certainly, Ruth could not remain in Pittsburgh. Even their teammates were vulnerable as they could be coerced into revealing what they knew about Ruth's location. 
What to do?
 Maddy pushed the idea of the entire team relocating to Tucson for the same reasons as the team manager had moved the Plungers from Wooster to Pittsburgh. A pro team partnering with a strong women's university baseball team would be beneficial to both. The University of Arizona was better than Pittsburgh because they arguably had the best program in the NCAA, they had ample fans to make a pro team financially possible, and they had a stadium that could host tournaments in air-conditioned comfort. Moreover, Tucson was growing and had jobs that the team members might enjoy. No more minimum wages. 
Winnie asked Maddy to approach Maureen to see if she could raise the topic with the university. In the meantime, Winnie would take Ruth to Tucson in an anonymous Wilizy copter and reunite her with Piper in Winnie's apartment. Maddy would tell them that she would be bunking with a friend. In fact, she'd be in Heaven.
That team move would get Ruth and Piper out of town, but it only partly addressed the issue. How could they keep Ruth safe in Tucson? Safety could only be guaranteed when Winnie found out why Ruth had to die. All she knew now was it had something to do with baseball. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Discussions with the university progressed to the point of a formal discussion with the head of U of A's athletic department. Maureen gave her perspective as current player, Maddy talked about how high-ability recruits would flock to the Wildcats, and Ruth talked about why women wanted to play pro. The coach of the Wildcat's baseball program revealed that about four or five players graduated each year and at least some of them would want to try to play pro. The pro team would have a steady stream of very capable recruits entering the team each year. 
It was a no-brainer. Tentative decisions were discussed. The pro-team would be an independent entity that received favorable rental rates for their games from the university plus access to the facilities for training purposes. The non-sport people at the university liked the idea because they'd receive revenue for the stadium that right now provided no revenue whatsoever. The sports side liked the idea of having pros showing what baseball was like. The coach offered Ruth a position as a Wildcat assistant coach, which took care of her concerns about finding a job. 
But nothing could be signed until they found out if the women on the Wonders team wanted to relocate. Winnie and Ruth headed back to Pittsburgh. 
 # # # # # # # # 
First base hosted the meeting. The team thought that the meeting was a celebration meeting for Ruth's release, and that was certainly how it started. They all recognized Josephine and welcomed her. Winnie revealed her real name to them, explaining that she wanted anonymity because of the threat of the mob presence. (Winnie had already revealed herself to Ruth and Piper.) When the business part of the meeting started, Ruth was the one to pitch the idea. 
Everybody liked the idea from the baseball perspective. More practical questions soon emerged. 
Most players wanted information on jobs. Ruth answered. "Tucson is a growing city. I looked at the Jobs Wanted blogs and there's plenty for women. The people are young. The city is safe for women."
Most also wanted to know about relocation expenses. Winnie answered that concern. "Ruth's lawyer is negotiating with the police commission about how they can avoid being sued. The commission lawyer said that relocation expenses for all members of the team who want to relocate anywhere would be part of the settlement. Details to come, but you'll receive money to cover transportation, shipping expenses, and several months of support while you're looking for a job and a place to live." 
The team manager added that he had money to distribute from the last tournament. "It's not as much as you wanted, but it may help." [Truth, Winnie saw.] 
Some players revealed that they had been thinking about starting a family and/or leaving baseball. What would happen if not all of them wanted to play in Tucson?
Ruth answered. "If it's a small enough number, we can fill places with Wildcat graduates. I know their short stop is keen, and we know how good she is. Can I see a show of hands of people who are not interested in moving to Tucson?"
Three players raised their hand.
"We can handle that," Ruth said.
"I should tell you that I do not wish to move either," the team manager revealed. "I will remain in Pittsburgh. I may start another pro team. I have other interests too. If I do start another team, I'd like to keep the equipment and uniforms. The costs for those came from my share of the team's revenues." [Truth about the costs, Winnie saw.] 
Nobody objected to that. 
"I'll work as team manager, if you want me to," Third said. "I'm too old to play any more but I still love the game." 
Everybody liked that idea. 
So, it was decided. Ruth would tell the university that they had enough players to form a team. Ruth's lawyer would get the best settlement that he could. [Winnie would be at the meeting to read the Commission's lawyer's mind.] Third would call another meeting when Ruth's lawyer had money to give them. 
"We need a new team name," Ruth ended the meeting. "Think about it."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 38: Epilog

The Wilizy didn't know who was having this conversation. 
They didn't know when this conversation was held.
They didn't even know where it was held.
They just knew it had happened, but that revelation came afterwards. 
As far as they could determine, the conversation went something like this.
"Tucson."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes."
"How do we find her?"
"Find the team and you'll find the mother. Find the mother and you'll find her. It's simple enough."
"The lawyer got in our way with that coconut. We couldn't have predicted that."
"Your investors believe that it's too risky to proceed. They won't commit until she's dead. That's the way they think."
"I'll send the kid to kill her. Nobody will suspect."

Back to the Table of Contents


Books in the Wilizy series

As of May 2021, there were thirty-one novels in the Wilizy series. Check below to see if you've missed any. 

Book #1: I Got'cha

If you think being a teenager in today's world is tough, try being one in 2081. In Alberta's It's Only Fair society, your brain-band will zap you just for chewing with your mouth open. One boy pried his brain-band off to see what living with emotions would be like. Being chased by the entire Alberta army was bad enough. It became worse when another 15 year old kid offered to help him escape. 

Book #2: The Get-Even Bird 

Will and Izzy are forced to flee from Zzyk's army. After months away from Alberta, they fly their sailing ship into B.C. thinking that they would be safe there. Bad mistake! Izzy is captured. All Will has to do to save her life is turn himself in for a free brain-band fitting appointment. That's what happens when you wear a Zorro costume to a dance. 

Book #3: Assassination Day

A DPS technician offers to defect if the Wilizy will rescue his daughter from The Citadel – some super smart military people who are friends with Zzyk. Izzy thinks that their new recruit is an assassin, but Yollie insists that he's a decent man. Can assassins be decent men? It will take a hair-raising experience to find out. 




Book #4: Hoist the Jolly Lucas

It's bad enough that Zzyk pins the blame for two assassinations on Izzy and launches a full out assault on their home compound. But then, another enemy takes advantage of a security lapse to get revenge for a war that happened 20 years ago. The Wilizy are left reeling with two key members kidnapped and stashed where they can't be found, let alone rescued. For the family to survive, everybody must enter the battle. The story is as much about the past as it is about the present. 

Book #5: Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes (Yes, this is a Wilizy book.) 

Mac disappears and doesn't want to be found. Will and Wolf use time-travel to search for her and discover secrets she wouldn't want them to know. The Alaskans attack when Will is finding out what happens to a submarine's air when it is lying helpless on the ocean floor. Between the Alaskans' impenetrable fortress and their bubblegum weapons, life is going to get a little sticky for the Wilizy. 

Book #6: Bob, the Invisible Dragon

Raging hormones as well as Raging Gardeners play key roles when young Wilizy warriors are attacked and the Wilizy's scientific marvels offer no protection. The youngsters' future will rely on a different kind of warrior protecting them. Warning: events at the end of the story will move quickly. They certainly won't drag on. 
 
Book #7: Nary, Nary, Quite Contrary

Theo and Lucas move to Toronto to live on their own. Both meet girls but neither is brave enough to introduce his new friend to the family. They wouldn't have the time anyway, what with villains trying to assassinate them and Voodoo royalty greeting them as though they were Voodoo gods. At the end of the story, Lucas receives a surprise Boxing Day gift that leaves him speechless. 
Book #8: Maddy's a Baddy

Maddy had escaped from Big Momma only to find herself all alone in the cold and begging for food in Eastern Canada. While she's trying to return to her home in Seattle, the Wilizy have their own problems. Everybody in the family is intent on bringing the judge to justice for what he did to Lucas. It would have been so easy for them to rescue Maddy, but they didn't know anything about her. 

Book #9: Bite Me! 

Spurred on by Marie's desire to eat a meal with her former slave masters, the Wilizy plan to put Safe Haven ranches out of business. In the process, they encounter two foreign assassins intent on abducting Maddy. Theo and Nary become closer but a red-eyed chaperone does not approve. The Wilizy's war with Safe Haven starts with a bang but ends with a whimper. 

Book #10: Wheelchair Moccasins! 

A 13 year old girl pretends to turn to prostitution to gain her freedom from her crime boss father. In Wilizy family news, Winnie agrees not to meddle in Mathias' love life. No, the world isn't ending, so long as you don't have a green vegetable for your name. Best advice ever? If somebody wearing moccasins and sitting in a wheelchair offers to sing you to sleep... run!

Book #11: Trial by Nick

After the Scandinavians attack their home base, Winnie develops an idea for defeating Crown Prince Wilhelm that is a dramatic departure from their normal military battles. In their personal lives, the Toronto teenagers have to become schnobs to keep their basketball futures alive, Lucas and Lylah begin dating, and two of EmmaGee's personalities leave her body. 
Book #12. Tickled Pink

A man uses his unlimited wealth and power to assault women without fear of legal consequences. If they object, he'll humiliate them publicly and ruin their lives. If they don't stand up to him, their lives as they knew them will be over. But how do you fight a man who is above the law? Here's how. The Raging Gardeners help the women while Winnie attacks him where he isn't looking. 

Book #13: Second Base

Granny and Doc enjoy a spirited life in their new Australian house while Bean has to adjust to her mother joining her in the Wilizy cadet camp. She meets a charming man with country pumpkin witticisms whose entire life is dedicated to becoming a cold blooded killer. Meanwhile, Safe Haven's impenetrable offices aren't as safe as they thought they were. 

Book #14: Old Stone Face

Bean moves to Toronto with her sheriff who takes a job as a private detective. Before long, he's trying to bring a mad scientist to justice - the same man that Winnie is after. With both the Wilizy and a countrified sheriff after the same man, you'd think he'd be easy to catch. Too bad there are no laws about a mad scientist killing twenty-one babies. 

Book #15: Remember the Halocracy

Reese finds Annika - his first, and only, girl friend. For reasons that nobody fully understands, he sort of kidnaps her but she willingly accompanies him to the far side of globe. Reese figures out later that she could be trying to seduce him when in fact, she's actually going to try to kill him. 


Book #16: Coffee Can Kill Ya! 

Convincing Paula's brother to give her a proper share of her parents' estate had seemed so easy. Turned out that it wasn't so easy after all. In the Wilizy's defense, murdering extra-terrestrials that tried to kidnap a corpse created unique challenges. To their credit, the Wilizy dealt with those. But, how do you deal with something that you can't see and don't even know exists? 

Book #17: Nice Birthday Party, Governor. 

Plot twists abound as the Wilizy take on the Colorado government and the NORAD military simultaneously. Maddy quits the cadet corp to run a secret operation that ends in a one-on-one battle. Melissa breaks Reese out of jail and Cowboy shows his dramatic talents, which do not include stripping. Winnie directs two dramatic productions but only one of these involves wearing respectable clothes. 

Book #18: The Tale of the Scorpion's Tail

The Wilizy have to neutralize NORAD's nuclear missiles while defeating their air force without causing any casualties. A special weapon (guided bird poop) will be needed. Meanwhile, Heaven's guardian angels are under attack from within. The key to success? Rescuing a gerbil imprisoned in an escape-proof cage. "Molly Moonblossom" and "Nympho Maniac" play key roles. One of these actors is Winnie. 

Book #19: Brunhilda, the Steamroller. 

Billy Bump resurfaces and plans Maddy's death. Winnie accepts a secret mission but runs afoul of Yolanda, who is sure that she has a boyfriend. Yolanda's vision that Winnie will be attacked comes true. Demonic infiltrators into Heaven escape detection when the steamroller named Brunhilda prosecutes Arthur and finds him guilty. This time, he won't be going back to guardian angel school.
Book #20: Lock Up Your Corn Starch!

While Paula, Winnie and Arthur are on a perilous mission for Heaven, the Wilizy family is trying to rescue Charlie and Sheila from prison. Wilizy forces battle demented escaped convicts intent on slaughtering innocent victims to help a brown supremacist politician win an election. If you're intent on going to Hell when you die, be sure to read this book for a preview of what's waiting for you. 


Book #20: The Champion Kisser

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 


Book #21: The Champion Kisser 

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 

Book #22: Black Cats: Lucky or Unlucky?

Strange characters abound in this story. You'll meet a woman named Fido, a purple gnome, a mining gal that can make a cowhand vibrate, a safe-cracking masked marauder, a stinker bell, a high wire gymnast afraid of height, three hench-devils, and a devil wearing an Elizabethan ebony doublet, complete with raven black satin breeches and a heart shaped codpiece. Oh yeah. There's also a black cat. 

Book #23: Morgana Foils the Duke's Plans

In Book #23, you'll meet a zesty Zulu goddess who pulls a spear of gold out of a lake bed. An angel named Prudence has a potty mouth. A dolphin in the Cops of the Cosmos arranges for Heaven to invade Hell. Queen Guinevere meets Sir Galahad, Sir Lance Lott, and Sir Launchalot, one of whom is not gallant. The perfume toting Morgana wields a devilish weapon of mass olfaction. 

Book #24: Who Painted Lord Percy?

Book #24 asks the question: Who Painted Lord Percy? The suspects include: a dead man who hunts perverts, a condom buying female angel, the devil named Gold Pinkies, a cherry pie barfing angel, a mortal resigned to joining The Borg's beehive, a skinny-dipping ghost, a devil named Adolf Hitler, an angel who can't pucker up to kiss, and the angels who protected Christopher Columbus.

Book #25: Happy Valentine's Day

Maddy is kidnapped by a witless devil named Pig Snout who stashes her in a retail outlet in Hell. With the help of Molly Moonblossom and Fanny Fandigity, the Wilizy bring a bullying businessman to justice and do it in a dandy way. Reese enjoys Valentine's Day in a way he never expected. A new hero emerges from the Wilizy's past. It will be nigh impossible for readers to guess who she is. 
Book #26: Lights, Camera, Action

Winnie gets a new angelic body, meets an angel from the medieval era, and gets a crash course on trident-shaped spaceships. Meanwhile, Satan is planning multiple changes to Hell that will have dangerous consequences for the Cosmos as well as for all female devils. If Winnie's three operations are successful, afterlife in Hell could be less misogynistic and perhaps even entertaining. 

Book #27: Bring your PJs

Readers will witness a treacherously-honest and bigoted politician take over a government and attack a defenseless opponent without warning. [Spoiler alert: This is the dastardly villain.] You'll also see heroes perform the national chicken revolution dance, defeat cheaters in a spaceship war, survive being cursed, and sneak off for a little romance without being caught by an all-knowing deity. 

Book #28: Queen Karita's Revenge

In this book, a brown-supremacist, power hungry politician uses her drunken army to subdue Nevada and Utah. The Wilizy use 'free trade' to defeat her. Readers will also learn about a strip-teasing jail-bait assassin, underage mortals entering and leaving Hell, Molly Moonblossom at work, the word 'gazendogalapadus,' Winnie becoming a mother, and Karita's cockamamie revenge. 








Book #29: I am the Light

In this story, you'll read about an R-rated welcome home costume, a bright light that talked, Sheila' and Stook's unwilling assassin, a pregnant ghost, a horse that could whinny a song, a female starship captain that was punished for exceeding planetary speed limits, an angel with vampire teeth, and a drug boss who wore pink panties that were far too small for him. The bra fit nicely though. 

Book #30: Cathog

Asmodeus' plan to capture Galahad, Shields and Winnie is two-thirds successful when Winnie finds out what has happened. She knows that her efforts to rescue them might end up with a trip to Planet Corpse, but walks into the trap anyway. Justice investigates Satan and Burger King but can't prove anything. They go unpunished. Spoiler alert: No cat-hogs were harmed in the publication of this novel. 

Book #31: The Coconut of Truth

Reese succeeds in his first trial by using a truth-compelling coconut. Marie's adjusted babysitting body is effective but disconcerting. Justice offers Winnie a smoking hot time if she takes on a solo operation. This will present Lucy, Ricky, Fred and Ethel in cameo appearances before an unconventional God. Winnie solves the case with smoke and mirrors. She didn't need the guillotine at all. 

Back to the Table of Contents

About the Author

David J. Wighton is a retired educator who enjoys writing youth novels when he's not on a basketball court coaching middle-school girls. The books in his Wilizy series peek at how people lived after the word's governments collapsed in the chaos that followed the catastrophic rise in ocean levels and the disappearance of the world's last deposits of oil. 

Wighton's novels have strong teenage characters driving the plot and facing challenges that, in many respects, are no different from what teenagers face today. His novels are intended to entertain and readers will find adventure, romance, suspense, humour, a strong focus on family, plus a touch of whimsy. Wighton also writes to provoke a little thought about life in today's societies and what the future might bring. Teachers may find the series useful in the classroom and the novels are priced with that intent in mind. 
 
Back to the Table of Contents


