

The Hunted: Prequel Novella to Blood of a Werewolf
T. Lynne Tolles
Version 1.0SW March 25, 2013
Copyright © 2013 T. Lynne Tolles
ISBN: 978-1-3018683-1-5

Blood of a Werewolf
First 10 and a half Chapters
T. Lynne Tolles

Version 8.1SW March 21, 2011
Copyright © 2010 T. Lynne Tolles
ISBN 978-1-4524288-2-6

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Publisher’s Note:
This is a work of fiction. All names, characters, places, and events are the work of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, locals or events is coincidental.
T. Lynne Tolles

Edited by Erin Potter of Shamrock Editing


Table of Contents
Copyright Info
The Hunted
Blood of a Werewolf
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Letter from Author


The Hunted
Prequel to Blood of a Werewolf

Devon approached a black Audi TT in the badly lit parking garage and hit the unlock button on his keychain. He was fully aware that he was being followed by someone or something but showed no sign of that knowledge to his follower. This wasn’t the first time he had been in this kind of predicament; he and his brother Blake had spent most of their adult life on the run. Some that came after them were better than others, but when you lived the kind of life Devon and Blake did, you learned a few things along the way.
His pursuer—a heavy set man, badly dressed, with no agility whatsoever—was mediocre at best and Devon had detected him almost as soon as he had left his office building. Devon had reasoned that this man used his mass and strength to overcome his victims, not nimble prowess. 
Devon could see his own reflection on the car as he reached for the door handle. Even as he feigned unawareness, his dark eyes searched for his attacker in the reflection. He caught just a glimpse of the lumbering man making a dash for him in the darkness. 
Devon skillfully spun around as the heavy-handed man grabbed at him from behind. Devon was deceptively strong for his just under six foot tall, lean stature. He used his body weight in his spin to propel the briefcase in his hand into the face of his attacker. The weight of the laptop within served as an added kick to the man’s face, leaving him stunned and bloodied from a newly split lip.
Devon’s attacker quickly steadied himself and threw a punch. Devon sidestepped the punch, surprising the man, and slammed the opened door of the Audi into his body, pinning him between the car and door. When Devon pulled the door open again the man moaned, staggering forward where the door had been. Devon locked his hands together and slammed them down hard on the back of the man's neck, rendering the man flat on the ground and out cold.
Devon grabbed his briefcase with what he knew contained a smashed laptop. He grumbled as he tossed it into the car onto the passenger’s seat, then jumped in and started the car before he’d even closed the door. Slamming the huge man’s body into the door had sprung the door’s hinges and it took three attempts to get it to close well enough that he could drive the car.
He slammed the gearshift into reverse and stomped on the accelerator, smoking the tires on the slick cement floor, and then threw the gearshift into drive and peeled out leaving only smoke and tread behind him. 
Once out of the parking garage and into the streets of the city, he pulled his smartphone out of his jacket pocket. He hit a button and said, “Text Blake.”
The phone beeped and he said, “611, send.” The phone beeped in response.
Over the years Devon and Blake had come up with codes to inform one another of impending problems. 
911 meant, “I’m in trouble.  I need help,” and the receiver would engage a GPS tracker programmer on their phone to locate the sender and head there to help.
811 meant, “I’m in trouble at home.”
711 meant, “I’m in trouble, could use a distraction.”
611 meant, “I’ve been attacked. I’m okay. Meet me at the house.”
This was the message he was sending to his brother now. It had been tested, used, and amended many times. If one brother made it to the house before the other, he’d pack his own stuff, then pack for his sibling if he hadn’t shown up yet. It was fast, well-practiced, and allowed them to get as far away from the impending danger as they could in a short amount of time. There were many variations to the plan and many predefined codes. It was rather like a playbook a football quarterback and his teammates would memorize for different patterns of defense and offense. 
It saddened Devon that their lives had come to this—a bunch of codes, moving all the time, and always, ALWAYS there was the danger of one or both of them being killed. He wanted more of a life for his little brother—stability, a home, some place they could feel safe. He wished these things for himself as well, but this was the life they'd been dealt. No sense in wishing for things out of your control, he thought.
Devon looked over at his briefcase as he set the smartphone on the armrest between the two seats. He shook his head and smirked, releasing a long, loose lock of his dark hair from his ponytail that swept across his cheek, tickling his nose. Damn…another computer, he thought with disappointment. Though he had gotten into the habit of backing it up daily, it was a rather expensive way to do battle and a pain in the neck to load and set up the way he liked, but it worked and it was better to have to replace his computer than be killed, leaving his brother to fend for himself.
A couple more turns and finally he was on the freeway heading to the condo. He stomped on the accelerator and felt the transmission slip easily into its last gear as he weaved fluidly in and out of the traffic. The tension and adrenaline waned as he took a deep breath and sighed with a little relief. Driving had always been relaxing to him. The sweet smell of leather, the purr of the engine, and a driver’s seat that conformed to him like it was an extension of his body giving him support in the turns—this was relaxing to him. 
A few minutes later he passed a highway sign announcing the approaching exit when his phone chimed. He looked at it to see an emoticon from Blake—a semicolon and a capital ‘P’ responding to his displeasure at having to move on again. Devon understood Blake’s disappointment and felt the same.
Taking the long, sweeping off-ramp, Devon was making his way through streetlights and stop signs into the neighborhood they had barely gotten to know. This had been a short stint, less than three months. Either they were getting sloppy in covering their tracks or the hunters were getting smarter.
Looking back at the last two places they had rented and how they lived their lives, he felt sure that it must be due to sloppiness. The hunters they had seen lately hardly seemed like rocket scientists; however, he hadn’t really carried on any kind of conversation with the fellows. There’s not really time for small talk when you’re trying not to be killed.
It must have been those speeding tickets Blake got and that little run in with the Feds when he got caught hacking into the police and DMV database to clean up his driving record, Devon thought. Their uncle had pulled some strings with somebody important and gotten the authorities to drop the charges, but if the hunters were looking in the right place at the right time, they’d have had a straight shot to their front door. 
It had been a scary time for them both. Blake was looking at hard time in federal prison and if that wasn’t enough, Devon would be on his own without a back-up. Blake could be a pain in the butt, but he ALWAYS had Devon’s back. Blake was known to be flaky—he admitted as much—but when it came to Devon, Blake was unfailing. He wasn’t as strong as Devon, but he was quick, wiry, and agile for someone so tall. Smart too—too smart for his own good. Devon always wished Blake would put that talent to good use, but so far it had almost landed him in an eight by eight cell with bars for a window.
“I knew that fancy car of his would cause us trouble,” Devon said out loud to no one but himself, shaking his head. He knew, though, it would be a long, drawn out war to try and get Blake to get another car. If Blake was anything, he was stubborn—stubborn as a mule. Devon thought back over the years and wondered just how many times he’d thought or said those words to his brother. Thinking about his brother’s stubbornness and the trouble it caused them put a faint smile on Devon’s face. 
Devon pulled into the parking lot of the condo complex and backed into a spot that was not his own where he and his brother made sure the light was always broken. It made the black car almost invisible. Like a cat, Devon made his way slinking from one shadow to another until he made it to the familiar door. Without making a sound, he unlocked the door and quickly stepped in.  He kept the lights off and moved silently through the condo grabbing this and that from here and there until he had assembled all that he needed—the necessities. The rest could be bought on the road or when they settled again. 
So far so good, he thought. Often the hunters came in pairs and would be waiting for them back at their latest sojourn. Of course he wasn’t out of trouble just yet. With a pen light he continued on to Blake’s room, packing those things his brother had informed him were requisite to his needs. Some of the items Blake had told him not to forget seemed ridiculous to Devon, but he knew there’d been a few things he had requested his brother grab for him that may have seemed the same to Blake. Like the copy of War and Peace he’d put on his necessity list. What Blake didn’t know was that it wasn’t the book itself that meant anything to Devon, it was the flower pressed between the pages he had put there the day of their parents’ funeral. He had taken that flower from their mother’s coffin that day and deposited it in the book. It served no real purpose, the dry, frail blossom, but it was his last connection to their parents and he wasn’t willing to part with it, if he didn’t have to.
With bags packed and slung over his shoulder, he texted Blake another code informing him he had everything and was heading to the designated meeting place. As before, he kept to the shadows trying not to be seen. He was alert to anyone or anything that made a sound or posed a threat in his proximity. 
A guy wearing jeans that sagged so much Devon wasn’t sure how he was keeping them up was carrying a bag of trash across the parking lot fifty yards or so away. His flip flops smacked the pavement loudly as he shuffled along. Devon was startled by the sound of the trash bag crashing to the bottom of the obviously empty dumpster. The sound of crashing and breaking bottles echoed out of the trash bin and off the walls of the nearby buildings. It had been so loud and distracting that Devon never heard the grisly, dark man step out of the shadows between two large bushes and in behind him. 
Something cold and hard raked the back of Devon’s shirt and instantly he knew what it was and that he was in serious trouble. 
“Hands where I can see them,” said the hunter, poking him hard with the gun.
Devon slowly raised his empty hands and stood silent and unmoving as his mind raced. This had been a clever hunter, waiting for a cloak of distraction. The hunter in the parking garage had been easy to spot. He had been clumsy and plodding, albeit strong. This hunter, however, had been stealthy. Devon was going to have to come up with something clever to get out of this on his own; after all, he had already sent the code to Blake that he was on his way to the meeting place. By the time Blake started to worry something might be amiss, things would be done here. He was on his own for this one. 
The gun nudged him forward towards a building between a break in the carports. It was the laundry room, Devon knew. The windows were small, dark, and high—too high and small to get out of, and dark due to the light timer that had been installed to save electricity and money. 
Devon was forced at gunpoint to the door and shoved into it, which indicated to Devon that his hunter wanted him to go inside. Devon opened the door into the dark, muggy room to be blinded instantly by the fluorescent tubes of light that hummed and popped as they grew in brightness. They had been activated by the motion sensor that had been tripped when they’d entered the room. It was loud and humid in there. A washing machine working on the spin cycle of what must have been a very heavy load seemed to be doing some kind of strange hula dance as it inched forward. Two dryers hummed side by side, tumbling their contents round and round within. 
Quite a good place to “take care of business” so to speak, Devon thought. The windows were too high for a passerby to see anything nefarious going on, and it was noisy already so a muffled gun shot might be heard but might not be identified as anything more than a car back firing. Lastly, the room could be locked from within to ensure there would be no interruptions. 
Devon stepped further into the room, his mind running in overtime trying to come up with a plan. He still had the duffle bags hanging from one shoulder and thought maybe he could use them somehow. There was nothing horribly heavy in either of them, unlike the heft of his computer in his briefcase, but maybe he could knock the hunter off balance, giving him some time to try and knock the gun from his hand. He waited for the hunter to come closer to him, and under the guise of turning to face him, Devon spun quickly at the last moment. The weight of the bags gained force with the spin and Devon kicked his leg out, catching the hunter behind one ankle and sending him backwards out of balance.
It was not enough to make the hunter fall, but the man did have to steady himself with his gun hand. This was Devon’s chance. With the gun temporarily not pointed at him, he dropped the bags and lunged at his attacker, sending them both into the loudly thumping, out of balance washer, returning it to its original spot against the wall. 
Devon grabbed the hunter’s wrists, keeping the gun pointed away from him. Unable to turn the gun on Devon in such close proximity, the hunter slammed the gun into Devon’s head, splitting it open near the temple and his left eye. The men spun back and forth in an awkward dance as each forced their strength upon the other. Still holding the man's wrists, Devon’s back met the wall with a bang. He kneed the hunter’s thigh and turned them pinning the hunter to the wall. He slammed the hand holding the gun over and over again into the wall until finally the hunter dropped it near Devon’s foot. He kicked it away from them. He released the hunter’s wrists, cupped both his hands, and slapped both the hunter’s ears at the same time. 
The hunter was disoriented by the blow and Devon was sure his ears were ringing, but the hunter still threw two quick punches, landing one in Devon’s abdomen and the other in his left lower jaw. Surprised by the blows but shaking them off, Devon planted one of his own punches into the hunter’s left cheekbone then slid towards his nose. The hunter stumbled back reeling from the pain as he staggered forward. Devon put all his strength into his next punch, catching the hunter just under the jaw and lifting him up a tiny bit. The hunter fell back into a heap on the floor near a silent washing machine. Devon cradled his aching, bloody fist in his other hand. 
Once he could see that the hunter was not getting up, he grabbed the bags and fled the laundry room, limping towards his car. He knew he looked like hell and kept his head down in hopes no one would notice the blood running down his face or his bloodied fist. The pain was starting to kick in as he strained to get the thirty feet to the sanctuary of his car, when from behind he heard the whine of a revving motor and the skidding of tires. He turned just in time to see the hunter standing between him and the black sports car whose back end was skidding forward in an arc towards the swaying hunter taking aim at Devon. 
As if in slow motion, the back quarter panel of the sports car skidded into the dazed hunter, sending him flying head first into the dumpster with a loud thump, and leaving him in a pile like old rubbish. A familiar face appeared out from behind the door of the devil black sports car and a very tall man unfolded himself from the car. Before Devon knew it, Blake had the bags and his beat up brother in the car and was burning rubber out of the parking lot.
They were on the freeway in no time, flying like the wind, when Blake asked, “You okay?”
“Ya. I’ll be fine. Just a little sore,” Devon answered, cupping his fist. “How did you know something was wrong?”
“I didn’t, but when you texted I was so close to the condo, I thought I’d just do a drive by to make sure you had left,” Blake said.
“Glad you did,” Devon admitted, wincing.
“Well, someone has to look out for you,” Blake said, loving this moment. Often it was Devon saving Blake’s hide, so he was really enjoying being the hero this time.
Devon’s glare soon broke into a strained smile.
“So where to this time?” Blake asked, smiling ear to ear.
“I don’t know, maybe west?”
“West? Cool. California then?  I need to spy me some teeny bikini-clad surfer girls,” Blake said as he put on his sunglasses and turned to Devon with a huge, cheesy smile. He looked ridiculous wearing sunglasses in the dark car at night, but Devon thought anything less just wouldn’t be Blake.
“California it is,” Devon said, sinking back into the leather seat and listening to the hum of the engine as Blake turned onto the lazy, sweeping on-ramp to Highway 80 west.

Blood of a Werewolf

Chapter 1

Darby O’Rielly had to peel her sweaty legs from the seat, feeling much like a fruit roll-up when she got out of her car. It had been one hundred and one degrees that day, which is unusually hot for being so close to the coast in the San Francisco bay area. The great thing about living in the bay area on hot days such as this, is that nine times out of ten, the breeze off the bay will kick up in the evenings and cool everything down.  This evening was no exception.
The sun had not set just yet, as Darby went up the porch steps of the cute little bungalow, pulling out her keys. It was an older craftsman style house with a deep porch for sitting away the long summer evenings. It was painted a deep gray-blue, trimmed in white, with a deep burgundy colored door and river rock wainscoting. She and her sister, Rowan, had inherited the house from their parents when they died a few years before.  Darby unlocked the door, went into the house, and put her keys and purse down on a little table that housed a lamp and the answering machine. She hit the blinking button on the machine and headed down the hallway, shedding clothes as she headed to her bedroom.
The first message was from Rowan, begging Darby to meet her at Paddy’s, a local pub a few blocks away.  As if the voice on the recording could hear her, Darby replied to it, “Sure, meet you at Paddy’s so you can stand me up again, as usual. HA!”
She pulled a pair of cut-offs out of the laundry basket when the second message started.  It, too, was from Rowan who seemed to have anticipated Darby’s reluctance. “I promise I’ll be there this time. Please! Please! Please!”
Darby yelled down the hall at the voice on the machine, “Yeah! Yeah!”
She came back out to the living room dressed in cut-offs and a tank top.  She hit the ‘on’ button of the stereo, and grabbed its remote, which she shoved into her back pocket as she headed for the front yard.  It had been awfully hot that day and she felt a couple of the plants could use an extra drink of water.  A commercial was playing on the stereo as she unwound the hose and turned on the water. Once the water was on, she headed for some droopy plants. The water felt great on her toes in the grass.  If she made a puddle around her feet, she could even squish a little mud through her toes. She stood there watering, enjoying the coolness, when the Modern English song “I’ll Stop The World and Melt With You” came on.  It was such a great song and so appropriate for a hot day. 
As she stood there watering, feet in the cool grass, the song just took over her.  She started humming as she continued to water the poor, neglected hydrangeas.  As the song progressed, her head started bouncing to the beat.  Before long, her hips started getting in on the tune.  By the time the bridge of the song came around, she was dancing full out right there on the lawn.  She sprayed the water straight up and started twirling.  The sparkle of the water against the purple and orange sky was stunning.  The cool water raining down on her was such a relief from the heat and stress of the day.  She even tried to spell her name out in water like you would with a sparkler on the 4th of July. The feeling was glorious, a sense of sweet release.  She felt like a little girl, singing and dancing and spinning with water falling down all around her. 
Exhilarated and smiling as the song started to come to an end, she spun towards the house next door, only to notice someone on the front porch watching her display of adolescence.  She stopped immediately, pulled the remote out of her pocket, and turned down the music.  She had gotten so caught up in the music and the rapture of the moment that she hadn’t noticed anyone or anything.  How long had he been standing there?  That house hasn’t been rented for months, she thought to herself, yet there he had been with his hands folded across his chest, watching. To make things worse, now he was clapping.
Horribly embarrassed, she spun on her heels, ran to the spigot, and turned off the water.  Without winding up the hose, she ran up the porch steps and into the house and shut the door. She stood there with her back against the door for a second and shook her head, as if to shake off the embarrassment.  It seemed to work a bit, so she headed for the shower.
She set the water to be refreshingly chilly.  She stood there under the cool water as it sheeted down on her and she thought of the man on the porch again.  It had started to get dark and she did not get a very good look at him.  All she could tell was that he was rather tall, dark haired, with a handsome, almost devilish, smile. He was dressed in a black T-shirt and black jeans, but aside from that, she could not tell much more. After thinking about it, she realized that the clapping was not at all condescending or rude; it seemed as if he had genuinely enjoyed her performance.
I wonder when he moved in? she thought to herself.  He’s probably married to some gorgeous woman and has three kids, or he’s a flake, who can’t commit or keep a job. 
With that, she pushed him out of her mind and thought of Rowan’s messages.  I should probably go to meet her.  I haven’t seen her in days; besides, it’s Friday and it’s too hot to cook. So it was decided, she would go to Paddy’s and probably get stood up again, but at least she’d get a meal out of it.
As she started to dress, a huge black and white fur ball did a figure eight around her legs. He jumped on the bed hoping for some more attention.  
“Hey, Harry, how was your day?” Darby asked. With a very loud purr, he answered. He arched his back to meet her hand as she stroked him. All of a sudden, he fell to his side for some belly rubs.  When she attempted to finish dressing, Harry reached out his huge paw and snagged the spaghetti straps of her top, as she tried to put it on.  
Harry was an unusually large cat, with beautiful long black fur and a white undercarriage with socks. He weighed in at about 25+ lbs, maybe more. When Rowan teased Harry about his rather large belly, Darby always defended him by saying, he’s just large boned.  Sometimes, when he lay on his back, she could see his pink tummy under the fur and couldn’t help but want to give his tummy a pet. He was extremely talkative, a very loud purring machine, and a bit of a wide load, but absolutely adorable to Darby.  
Darby finished dressing and headed to the kitchen to fill Harry’s bowl.  Harry knew this routine and followed her dutifully.  He rubbed on her arm as she set the bowl down and purred with delight. When she finished refilling Harry’s water bowl, she grabbed her keys, her license, a credit card, and all the cash she had in her wallet, locked the door, and headed out.
Paddy’s was a local haunt of young and old in Oljone.  In this small town, everybody knew everybody and their business.  Paddy’s was a comfortable place even for a single gal.  There was a fireplace, a few comfy chairs, and a love seat to watch the mesmerizing flames of blue, green, orange, yellow, and white lick the log eagerly. Of course, there was a big wooden bar, lots of beer on tap, dartboards, and a fairly clean women’s bathroom.  No gal likes an icky bathroom, especially if she’s drinking beer, because once you go the first time, you’re in there every 20 minutes thereafter. 
Paddy’s wife, Kate, made the best burgers around and her fries, well, Darby felt “Yummy” covered it. Kyle worked most nights behind the bar.  Darby had gone to high school with him.  He was a firefighter full time, but after his wife, Jenn, had been diagnosed with breast cancer last spring, he had picked up this job to help pay for the piling medical bills.  Darby walked into Paddy’s and went to the bar. 
“Hey, Kyle – Happy Friday!” she said as she sat on the barstool.  
“Hey, yourself, Darby!  Good to see you!” he replied with a big smile.
“How did Jenn’s doctor’s appointment go this week?” she asked, hoping and praying for good news.
He beamed with a huge smile, “Good, Good! All the tests came back with good results, so we are hopeful!  Her hair is starting to come back in now that the chemo sessions have stopped.  She’s glad about that.  She still has her good days and bad days, but the bad days are getting to be fewer and fewer.  The doctors seem very optimistic, so we are thrilled!”
“Oh my God, Kyle! That is such great news.” She leaned over the bar and gave him a huge hug.  
“Tell Jenn I hope to see her out and about soon, and send her my love!” Darby said.
“I will.  I know she has appreciated all the books, flowers, and cards.  You’ve been a great friend, Darby!” Kyle replied with a warm smile.
“Aw, well aren’t you just the sweetest thing! You’re going to make me cry! You and Jenn are just the best, and I can’t think of anyone that deserves to have some good news come their way more than the two of you!” Darby said, her eyes starting to well up.
“Thanks. So what can I get you?  Are you here waiting on Rowan?”  Kyle asked.
“Well, for starters, could you get me a pint of Red Hook and put an order in for one of Kate’s specials?  As for Rowan, yeah! She said to meet her here, but I don’t actually expect her to show,” Darby answered.
While Darby talked, Kyle filled a glass with beer and set it, with a napkin under it, in front of Darby. He then grabbed the pencil behind his ear and pad from his rear pocket and jotted down her order.  As he walked toward the kitchen he replied, “She’s just at that age. We all went through it. Hey, grab your seat before it gets crowded. I’ll be back in a flash; I’m just going to put your order in.”
Darby grabbed her beer and napkin and turned towards the fireplace, heading for the blue comfy chair she loved.  She had jokingly told Kate one day, that if the chair ever disappeared, she would probably find it in Darby’s front room.  It was wide enough to cross her legs and read a magazine or just ponder life.  It was covered with the softest blue velvet; the cushions were perfectly broken in, in all the right places, and it seemed to form to her body perfectly.  She took a big swig of beer before setting her glass on the coffee table and then she plopped down in the chair and stared at the fire.  All the week’s worries and stresses seemed to melt away.
Kyle came back in and yelled across the room, “It’ll be about 15 minutes, Darby!”
“Thanks, Big Guy! No hurry!” She returned. She absent-mindedly pulled the heart-shaped stone of amethyst out of her pocket and began to rub it with her thumb.  It helped her relax.  It was the stone she most connected with and she always had it in her pocket.  Her father had given it to her when she was a little girl. Now, whenever she would get nervous or stressed about something, she’d rub the stone.
She was in her own little comfortable world, when a dark figure took up a seat in the loveseat across from her. She noticed his presence. How could she not, it was like a neon sign in her head, but she continued to look at the fire.  She sensed something from him. Something covered in darkness that startled her and she jumped as he started to speak to her. 
“You are the water nymph that lives next door to me, aren’t you?” he said with a smirk.
“Huh? Water nymph?” He had caught her off her guard even though she knew he was there and had felt his ominous presence.
“I’ll Stop The World and Melt With you!” he sang perfectly.
Feeling a bit embarrassed, she grabbed her beer for something to do with her hands and answered, “Ah, my groupie!”
“At your service always, my liege.”  He stood up and bowed to her like a peasant to his royal majesty.
“Hmmm,” she nodded her head with a little smile.  But inside, she was as giddy as a little girl – she thought to herself, He is very smooth – maybe too smooth.
Then he smiled as if he had heard her thoughts.
She offered her hand to him, palm down, keeping up with the royalty act, and said, “I’m Darby O’Rielly. Who might you be?”
He took her hand and kissed it so tenderly that she thought she would have a heart attack from the tingling up her arm, and answered, “I’m Devon Bloomington and it is an honor to meet you, Darby O’Rielly.”
She flushed like she was a high school girl.  This guy can’t be for real, can he? she thought. His shoulder length dark hair was slightly slicked back, but in a disheveled way.  When he wasn’t smiling, his piercing eyes gave the impression that he could see every fault she, or an ancestor of hers, might have had. At the same time, though, his eyes were angelic and hypnotic. They were mahogany brown with flecks of caramel, and when he smiled they lit up like a little boy’s. The smile permeated every inch of his face.  He had a mustache that seemed as though it hadn’t quite grown all the way in, but she felt that this may be its permanent appearance.  He had a line of hair about a half inch thick that extended from his lower lip to his chin, meeting with a tiny tuft of a beard – a goatee of sorts, strangely seductive on him. 
She hadn’t seen him standing but as far as she could tell, he was probably about six feet tall, thin and muscular, but his eyes – Wow! They just looked into her soul and took her breath away.  Dumbfounded, she knew this man could have anyone he wanted, so why was he looking at her that way? The darkness she had noticed before had all but disappeared and this gorgeous man had taken its place – or was that her hormones talking?  She didn’t know, and right now, she didn’t care.
She finally broke the silence with, “Thank you, Devon, it’s a pleasure to meet you too.” Not sure what else to say, she fumbled with, “I guess you are renting the house from the Bennetts?”  Duh, she thought to herself. Obviously.
“Yes, my younger brother, Blake, and I have rented the house for the next three months; however, I’m not really sure my brother will be there much,” he answered, seeming somewhat disappointed.
“I understand that. My little sister, Rowan, lives with me too, but I rarely am blessed with her presence.  She’s a firecracker and a whole lot of fun to be around, but she can be flakey sometimes.  For instance, she begged me to come here to meet her tonight, but I doubt she’ll show. Don’t get me wrong, I love her to death, but I worry about her – a lot!” she said.
With a knowing nod, a smile, and a raised eyebrow, he replied, “Sounds like my brother and your sister are one in the same – Yin and Yang, so to speak.”
She took a long sip of her beer and replied, “Hmm.  Could be.”  Then she smiled, embarrassed. “Here I am drinking a beer in front of you, that is awfully rude! Would you allow me to buy you one?” she asked, figuring someone like this guy probably had plans on a Friday night and would probably bow out graciously and take his leave. He had probably just come over to tease her about her behavior earlier that evening.
He seemed shocked at her offer and then maybe a little embarrassed as he said, “Someone such as yourself, shouldn’t be buying a gentleman a drink; it should have been me that offered you the gesture.” He looked down.
“What century are you from?” she joked.  “Besides, since you are new in town and my burger will be coming any minute, I’ll buy you a beer and you can order the best burger you can buy anywhere around here and join me!”  Again she thought to herself how stupid that had sounded. Why is it you can always think of the perfect thing to say, 20 minutes after the perfect time to say it?
He smiled again as if he had heard her thoughts, replied, “I would like that very much,” and chuckled, his eyes smiling and looking into her soul.
“Kyle, this is Devon Bloomington. He is renting the Bennetts’ house for the next three months. Could you put in an order for another “Special” and whatever he would like on tap?” she yelled.
“Sure thing, Darby. Welcome to Oljone, Devon. What can I get you to quench your thirst this evening?” Kyle yelled back.
“What do you have on tap?” Devon asked.
“Redhook, Anchor Steam, Bass, and Bud,” Kyle answered.
“Definitely Redhook,” Devon replied, and again, Darby flushed like a schoolgirl.
As the evening progressed, she expected Devon to get up and gallantly give his apologies in order to flee for a more engrossing engagement, but it never happened. They continued talking long into the night. The place got more and more crowded as the night went on, and many beautiful women tried to get his attention, but he never once looked at anyone but Darby.  
She had learned that he was a software engineer and was there contracting for a startup company in Mountain View.  He set his own hours and worked mostly from home. Guess those are the perks when you are really good at what you do, Darby thought.  Devon was amazingly intelligent and seemed genuinely interested in what she had to say.  He had told her of his childhood in Europe, his travels there and in the states all the while with his brother in tow.  His brother, Blake, was also a software engineer, but he dabbled in a lot of areas – arts, stocks, business, etc.
She had told him of how when she and Rowan were little girls playing in the basement, they had found an old trunk of Great Grandma Lorelai’s. In it they had found an old, leather bound, black book.  Carefully carved into the cover by hand was a Celtic symbol of never ending, intertwined bands.  Inside the book, they found their heritage.  They had always been accused of being witches, but until finding this amazing family Book of Shadows, there had never been any proof of such a thing. The book had fascinated them with its old, crumbly pages of spells, charms, and potions, along with lists of herbs and their medicinal properties, and stones from the Earth with different healing powers, all packaged neatly in a beautiful book. Her entire family had contributed to it, their different handwritings adding information through the centuries. Darby’s fascination for this amazing, primitively bound book was the fuel that fed her dream to open a bookstore.
She had opened Cauldron, Book, and Candle several years before, with book titles varying from Wicca practices to aliens and everything in between.  She carried old books and new books, but it was always the old books that intrigued her. She didn’t believe in everything that she sold, but that wasn’t the point.  The point was that a person should be able to believe in whatever they want, without being criticized for it.  The Internet helped a lot.  Being such a specialized bookstore, she got requests from all over the world and that thrilled her.  She could accommodate people everywhere with knowledge, and without prejudices.  This was very personal to her, as she had descended from a long ancestry of witches.  She and Rowan had had their share of insults thrown at them throughout their lives.  Though it didn’t happen often, it still hurt like a knife cutting deep into her soul. However, the opening of the bookstore seemed to have helped the situation.  At first, she felt like a leper peddling her disease, but slowly, curiosity overwhelmed the would-be patrons and they inquired within.  The doors had been open now for several years and Darby felt closer to the community than ever, having friends she never thought she would.
Devon seemed riveted by her story and truly inspired by her community acceptance.  She thought she had detected sadness behind his eyes, that maybe he too had wished to be accepted into a community as she had. It was amazing.  Never had she felt so comfortable and connected with someone who, up until a few hours ago, was a complete and utter stranger.  She didn’t want it to end, but Kyle was shouting it was last call. Where had the time gone? A wave of embarrassment flooded over her as she stood.  She felt that she had dominated the conversation with this beautiful stranger and she wished she could have learned more about him and his seemingly interesting life.
“Well,” she said, ”I guess I should get going.  I’ve really enjoyed this...you...getting to know you better.” 
“Me too! Guess Rowan isn’t coming,” he said with a little chuckle.
“Guess not,” she smiled and rolled her eyes.
“In that case, may I have the privilege of escorting you home? I wouldn’t want to let you go home by yourself this late at night,” he said this with a chivalrous air.
“I only live a few blocks from here, as you very well know. What do you think is going to happen? A vampire is going to grab me out of the shadows and whisk me away to his lair?” she smirked with one hand on her hip and one eyebrow cocked.
He went white as a ghost.  His mouth was slightly open as if he was searching for a quick response.  
“Dear Lord, Devon, I’m joking. Besides, I’m sure that even if there was a vampire out there lurking, he could be a very nice guy, maybe even wanting to borrow a cup of Wolf’s bane,” she quickly said.  
With that he relaxed and the smile that came over his face lit up his entire being.  His eyes sparkled.
She continued, “And as for escorting me home, well, I suppose you are going in the same direction and I would like the company, so yes, I accept your offer, dear knight.” 
He beamed, took her tiny, fragile hand in his, protectively set it in the crook of his arm, and led her towards the door.  Over her shoulder she yelled to Kyle, waving, “Good night. Don’t forget to tell Jenn I said hi!”
“I will...night, Darby. Devon,” Kyle replied.
Devon waved at Kyle in response and said, “Night.”
As they walked out the door, the fresh air felt nice on her arms and face.  She hadn’t realized how stuffy it was in the bar or how warm she had gotten.  They headed for the house and he said, “So tell me about the history of Oljone.”
“Well, that’s a bit of a story, but if you insist. Oljone was the name of the native tribe of Indians that originally lived in the area, Ohlone or Coastoans.  The local missions recorded their presence and named them Oljone for a Spanish ranch that was in the area. There have been settlers here as early as the late 1700s.  The Ohlones didn’t fair well with the new diseases brought in by the settlers, and their numbers dwindled quickly.  The little town had its run-ins with the Spanish in the area, the gold rush, and just the hard life of the Wild West.  They had to deal with grizzlies, mountain lions, and assorted other maladies. Oljone has also had its share of outlaws, including the Younger brothers, Cole, Jim, and Bob, who ran with Jesse James’ gang. They hid from the law here for a while.
“This area, too, is right between two fault lines, San Gregorio and San Andreas.  As you probably know, on April 18, 1906, the San Andreas fault line shifted by as much as 15 feet horizontally in some places.  Needless to say, Oljone took a tremendous jolt and a massive landslide, but not like the devastation felt in San Francisco.”
As they turned on to their street, she looked up at him and asked, “Did you enjoy your history lesson?”
He smiled. “I did. Very much so.”
Their two houses came into view, and she saw Harry had claimed Devon’s front porch.  He lay sleeping on the railing with all four paws, not to mention a little belly, dangling in mid-air over the edges. He was sleeping, eyes slammed shut, with his head hanging over the edge.
Darby turned to Devon with an eyebrow cocked and said, ”I’m afraid I have some bad news, Devon!”
With an expression of shock, he turned to face her, pursing his lips. “What?” he said frantically.
“Seems my cat, Harry, has claimed your front porch as his.  This means that nothing of yours is sacred anymore,” she said as she pointed towards Harry on the porch.
Now Devon looked confused and his brows furrowed in worry.  She continued, “You see, Harry is a cat burglar - literally.  He steals things from all over the neighborhood.  I’ve found belts, neckties, handkerchiefs, an earring, a feather boa, cat toys that were not purchased by me, and the crème de la crème - an old, crusty sock.  He leaves these little jewels on the foot of my bed or near his kitty dish.  So if you lose something, you might want to come over and check Harry’s stash.  I keep them all in a basket near the fire place, so that he can gloat over them.”
Devon started to laugh. “You’re kidding, right?” But with a stern face and lips pressed together in a thin line, Darby shook her head.
As Devon continued to laugh, Harry raised his head and opened his bright yellow eyes. When he recognized Darby’s voice, he jumped down from the rail with a thunderous ker-thump, and started to run towards them, rubbing against anything he could find on the way. When Harry was about two feet away from them, he plopped down on his side, purring loudly and kneading the grass.  Apparently, they were supposed to come to him the rest of the way and give him some pets.  Devon and Darby closed the gap and both squatted down to appease the very large, purring cat.  As they did so, he squeaked out a high-pitched meow.  This startled Devon and he looked at Darby quizzically. 
“What? Didn’t expect such a tiny little voice on such a...ummm...manly-sized cat?” Darby said, bringing her hand to her face to shield Harry from seeing her mouth the word fat. 
Devon laughed at that and continued to scratch under the cat’s chin, which Harry seemed to enjoy a lot. He brought his other hand around and picked up the cat. With a look of surprise as he hefted the cat to his shoulder, Devon groaned and said, “You weren’t kidding, he’s very...”
Her eyes widened in faux-panic, so he said, “Ummm, he’s very, very masculine.”
With a sigh of relief, Darby laughed along with Devon.  After a few minutes, Devon set the cat down on the ground very carefully, stood up, and turned to Darby.  
The awkward moment had arrived. Why does there always have to be an awkward moment at the end of a date?  But, this wasn’t a date; it was a chance meeting so there shouldn’t be any awkwardness, she argued with herself. 
He smiled again as if hearing her argument. Harry was now doing figure eights in and out of Darby’s and Devon’s legs. He was purring like a freight train now.
To break the silence, she said, “Well this is me,” and pointed to her porch.
He smiled in confirmation, gently grabbed both of her hands, pulled them up to his mouth, and softly kissed each one.
“Thank you for this enchanted evening.  I can’t think of when I’ve had a more pleasant time. Maybe...,” and then he faltered and the words hung on his lips as if he were not sure if he should continue.
Darby smiled. “Maybe we could do it again soon?” she asked.
He smiled with great appreciation and replied, “Yes, yes.  Would tomorrow evening be too soon?” 
With a smug smirk, she looked at him out of the corner of her eye and said, “Well, I don’t know. I’ll have to check my busy schedule.” He appeared horribly disappointed.
She jabbed his shoulder softly and smiled. “I’m joking, of course tomorrow is not too soon.” She didn’t say it out loud, but thought, I wish this didn’t have to end tonight. You goof!
Instead she said, “In fact, would you do me the honor of having dinner with me tomorrow night at 7:00? Here? At my place?  Nothing fancy – I’m not a very good cook, but we can order pizza. You could bring the beer and...ummm, well I could get a movie, or we could just talk, play a game or something?”
He seemed disappointed or was it embarrassment? She couldn’t tell.  He looked at her with his gorgeous brown eyes and said, “Shouldn’t it be me that should be asking? After all, the honor is all mine. Someone as beautiful and intelligent as yourself should have men swooning over you, filling your dance card and calendar with frivolities.”
She shook her head in disbelief, eyebrows raised, and laughed saying, “Again, what century are you from? Do you want to come over for dinner or not?”
At first he seemed shocked at her statement, but as if starting to understand her sense of humor, he chuckled and said, “You know I do, I’ll be there at 7:00.” And then he added, “with beer.”
She smiled, turned away from him, and started to unlock the door, but over her shoulder she said, “Great. Then it’s a date.” Oops, she thought, I shouldn’t have said that. Maybe he doesn’t consider it a date; Oh My God, what an imbecile you are, Darby.
Something in the way he held his shoulders as he was walking to his porch stairs said he was laughing to himself, and as if he was again reading her thoughts, he assured her with, “It’s a date.”
A huge smile came over her face as she called Harry to come in for the evening. She made one last glance towards the handsome man next door, only to find him smiling, getting one last glimpse of her. For the second time that day she found herself back against her closed door and sighing with relief, but this time with anticipation.
She locked the door, turned off the lights, picked up Harry, and walked back to her bedroom, thinking about the evening she just had, this chance meeting with a neighbor, no less. She lay back on the bed with the still purring monster clutched to her chest. She smiled, thinking of the gentle, timeless man who had just touched her soul like no one ever had.  How could one encounter be so life changing? she thought.  This man I met hours ago has got me swooning like a teenager with a horrendous crush.  Don’t go crazy, Darby. The man is too perfect.  He must have something wrong with him.
But as hard as she thought, she couldn’t think of one thing he may or may not have that would deter her wanting to wrap her entire world around him. 
The purring Harry monster was vibrating on her chest and happy, and beautiful thoughts slowly meandered though Darby’s mind, lulling her into a deep and peaceful sleep.


Chapter 2
 
Darby woke to find Harry standing on her chest and meowing his squeaky high-pitched meow. It was hard to breathe with all that...ummm, male furriness standing on her. She pushed him to one side and he jumped to the ground with a thunderous ker-thump. He obviously had assumed that pushing him off her meant she was going to get up and feed him.  When that didn’t happen, after about one hundred and eighty seconds, he was back on the bed and threatening to get on her chest again. 
“Gee whiz, Harry! It’s Saturday. Can’t I sleep in just a couple of minutes on the weekend?”  The insistent meowing told her his answer – Not in my world, sister.  Seeing that she was indeed getting out of bed, he triumphantly jumped down, tail raised high, and waited by the door – just in case she changed her mind. 
Darby got up slowly and headed for the bathroom. Just to make sure that she didn’t forget about him, Harry endorsed his presence with a couple more high-pitched meows and pushed the door open. 
Rubbing the sleep from her eyes, she said, “Geez, can’t a girl have some privacy?” As if answering her, he meowed. No, and on that point, it ain’t nothing I haven’t seen before.  
She shook her head with disbelief, washed her hands, and headed to the kitchen to feed the hairy monster. 
Now that Harry was happy for the moment, she made the coffee and headed for the front door to get the paper.  
Unlike her sister, she had taken on this morning ritual from her father.  The man was adamant about having his coffee and paper before he could cope with the new day. 
She could see that it was overcast, as usual for this time of year, so close to the coast.  Often the fog here would not retreat until noon or one o’clock, but it made for lovely, cool mornings.  She opened the door and there on the welcome mat was a single lavender rose with a tiny card attached to it with a yellow silk ribbon. She bent down and picked up the flower, looking both ways out the door as if the person who left it there had only just done so and might be lurking in the bushes.

She carefully untied the pretty yellow ribbon, and there written in beautiful calligraphy was: 
 
Darby,
I look forward to our tryst this evening. Until then, please accept this rose as a token of my adoration.
Devon
 
A tryst? What the heck is that? Oh man, does that mean it isn’t a date – I mean lavender is for friends or sympathy, right? I knew he was too good to be true; he’s already sending me sympathy flowers so he can break it off with me in his oh, so gallant manner. But he did call it a date last night, didn’t he? 
Her mind was racing a hundred miles a minute. She went back in the house, focused on finding a dictionary when she realized she had totally forgotten to get the paper, which was still at the bottom of the porch stairs.  She shook her head and went back to the door and opened it. 
She looked both ways in hopes that no one had seen that she had flipped out just a second earlier. She ran down the stairs, grabbed the paper, and ran in the house, still looking over her shoulder for the lurking phantom delivery gnomes – like garden gnomes, but sneakier. 
Safe inside the house, she dropped the paper on the couch along with the eloquent note and set off searching the bookcase for the dictionary. Finally! There you are, she said to herself as she grabbed the huge book and threw it, too, on the couch.  She shuffled off to the kitchen to get that cup of coffee and saw Harry cleaning his face and looking quite satisfied with himself. 
Shuffling back to the living room in her bunny slippers, she sat down, put her coffee on the coffee table, and looked at the beautiful writing on the card again.  She set it down on the coffee table very gently as if it were a piece of fragile glass that might chip if she set it down too roughly. 
She grabbed the heavy dictionary and started to hunt down the T’s. TE, TO, TR, Tryst, Ah, here it is. Part of Speech: Noun. Definition: (here we go) Meeting during a love affair. Synonyms: appointment, date, assignation, engagement, meet, meeting, rendezvous, union.  Wait…. Go back. Definition: Meeting during a love affair.  Oh my God, that’s got to be the most romantic thing I’ve ever seen, she thought to herself. Hmm, since I was wrong about “tryst,” let’s look up flower color meaning on the computer. 
She grabbed the laptop that was sitting on the coffee table and Googled the words: lavender rose meaning.  And there it was in black and white – Lavender roses: means love at first sight. The onset of yet another swoon came over her.  Dear Lord, this man gets better and better with every passing second. 
She grabbed her coffee and melted back into the cushions of the couch and sighed in pure delight.  She never even touched the paper that very special Saturday morning. 
The rest of the day was a blur of cleaning the house, fluffing pillows, adoring the lovely note, which was now on the fridge attached with a Scooby-Doo magnet. The tiny yellow silk ribbon was lovingly tied back on to the card.  
The rose was put in her grandmother’s heirloom bud vase and was set on the coffee table for all to see.  Then it was off to the store for toilet paper, napkins, kitty food, kitty litter, sodas, and munchies. 
There was a quick stop at the bookstore to see how things were going there and check for messages.  There was a message from Rowan, of course, apologizing profusely about not showing up the night before and going on about an amazing guy she met. Oh Boy! Darby thought skeptically.  
Next stop, the video store to rent whatever the hot new movie of the week was.  Finally, all of her running around was done and she headed back to the house. She noticed that in her new neighbor’s driveway was a very sweet brand-new Audi R8, black and sleek and sexy – cha-ching – but Dang, if it wasn’t a beautiful beast, she thought to herself. She turned to her little pride and joy of a car – A 2001 electric blue Honda Prelude.  Okay, so there is no comparison but it was the last year that Honda made a Prelude, she thought proudly.  
She popped the trunk to get the groceries out and remembered the day when she came home with the car. So proud of herself – her first brand new car.  She was beaming when her dad had inspected it, kicking the tires and looking under the hood. “It’s kind of...purple,” he’d said. 
Insulted, she retorted, “No Dad, it’s Electric Blue.”  
His eyebrows went up. ”Hmmm, why did you get a stick shift?” 
“I don’t know, Dad! I guess I just like having something to do with my feet and my right hand while I’m driving,” she said, defensively, as she rolled her eyes in annoyance. 
Nodding, he said, “It’s nice.”  That was the seal of approval.  He was an engineer and never seemed to get too excited about anything.  ‘It’s nice,’ was the best she was ever going to get from him. Though he never said it out loud, her mother told her later that he was as proud as any dad could be.  He’d gone to work, bragging to all the other guys how his little girl bought her very own “brand new sports car” without any help from him. 
With that thought in her mind and a proud smile on her face, she grabbed the groceries and went inside.  She put all the groceries away and changed the kitty box. She headed for the bedroom and put the clothes she was going to wear for the “tryst,” on the bed next to Harry. He was presently sleeping on his back, belly exposed and head on the pillow.  She looked at the clock – it was only 4:05 pm – what was she going to do for the next 3 hours? She lay on the bed next to Harry and rubbed his belly.  
The doorbell rang, waking her.  She looked at the clock and the time was 6:30 pm. She must have fallen asleep. Harry jumped off the bed, disgruntled by the disturbance and Darby got up and headed for the front door.  Halfway to the door, she rubbed her eyes and suddenly it occurred to her, Oh no, I bet I have bed head.  She ran both hands through her hair in an attempt to comb any crazy looking strays into obedience before opening the door. The doorbell rang again.  I’m coming, I’m coming, she thought. 
She opened the door to find a nervous looking Devon. She was a bit confused but said, “Hi, I’m sorry I fell asleep.  You’re a little bit early but if you want to come in...” 
He interrupted her, “I’m so sorry, Darby. I’m going to have to cancel our date.” 
“Oh. Okay. Is everything okay?” 
“Ummmm, well there’s been an emergency.  A friend of ours needs our help and well… I just… well, we need to go right away. Can I take a rain check on that date?”  
“Yea. No problem – another time then,” she said trying not to sound too disappointed.  But like anyone in the same position, she thought of about a hundred other reasons why he was really canceling.  After all, the excuse didn’t sound very convincing.  Then again, they’d only had one evening together; it’s not like they were joined at the hip.  
As she pondered all this, Devon’s expression looked as though he was listening to her thoughts.  He was obviously very uncomfortable with lying and he did it rather badly. He said, “I’ll call you when it’s sa.., I mean, when I get back to make arrangements. Can you write your phone number down for me?”  
“Oh, sure!” She walked to the table where the answering machine sat and picked up a pen and a notepad and jotted down her cell and her home phone. “Here you go. I hope everything is okay with your friend.”  
“My what? Oh right, our friend. Yes. I’m sure everything will be fine.  Blake and I will just be gone a few days.  Again, Darby, I’m so sorry.  I hope you didn’t go to any great trouble.”  
“Me? Phhhht! Naw! No big deal. Don’t worry about me.  Harry will keep me company,”  she chuckled just as Harry sprinted out the front door and into a bush across the street. Great! Make me look bad why don’t you, she thought. “Okay, so I guess I’ll see you around; have a safe trip.” 
“Goodnight, Darby,” Devon said, and he was gone.  She shut the door and sat down on the couch. Saturday night all alone, not even the cat wants to hang out with me.  At least I’ve got a movie to watch. 
About ten minutes after their goodbye, she heard the sexy car leave the driveway next door. Wow, he wasn’t kidding.  Hope he’s not running as fast as he can away from me.  With that she took some Ben and Jerry’s Cherry Garcia out of the freezer, grabbed a spoon and the movie, and went to her room. 



Over the next seven days, a flurry of tokens from Devon arrived. Darby wasn’t sure how to react, as this was the first time she had ever been doted over. Her employee, Allison, had a lot of fun teasing Darby about the attention she was receiving from this mysterious new neighbor. 
Allison Dover had freckles and beautiful, curly, red hair that went down to the middle of her back.  She was one of those gals that you never saw mad. She always seemed to be smiling.  Allison had become Darby’s ‘Right-hand gal’ in business, so to speak.  She had helped her make the bookstore a success and they weren’t just employee/employer; they were good friends. 
The first day, an amazing ancient book of alchemy was delivered.  It was in almost perfect condition, bound in leather and all handwritten. The second day, four-dozen lavender roses came, representing the forty-eight hours he had been gone. The third day, a burglar outfit came for Harry, equipped with a black Zorro mask with cutouts for ears.  The package also included a man-sized kitty bowl and a bag of kitty food to fill it. The fourth day, a RedHook Coleman cooler with two growlers of beer and ice were delivered.  Also in the cooler was a RedHook tank top very similar to the one Darby had been wearing when she was caught watering in the yard. The fifth day, a very old book of Oljone history was delivered.  It appeared to be a diary of one of the original settlers. The sixth day, a small hydrangea plant came with a new watering nozzle for the hose and a CD of Modern English. The seventh day, an exact duplicate of her favorite comfy blue chair at Paddy’s was delivered. The eighth and last day, a formal invitation was delivered to the bookstore at about 10:00 A.M. by overnight FedEx. It said: 
 
The pleasure of your presence is requested by Mr. Devon Bloomington for dinner this evening at 7:00 P.M. at his home.

She was excited he was coming back, but she had to admit to herself that she was feeling a bit apprehensive about the date.  She felt it had been so obvious he had lied about why he left that she worried about how that would play itself out. 
“So what did you get from the mystery man today?” Allison pressed Darby, referring to the overnight letter.
“An invitation to dinner!” Darby handed the beautiful invitation to Allison.
“Are you excited?”
“Yeah! Nervous, excited and about a hundred other things.”
“I know.  First dates are like that.  So why don’t you just do something witchy, and see into the future?  That way you will know what to expect and you won’t be nervous anymore.”
“Just because I come from a family of witches, doesn’t make me a practicing witch.  My family hasn’t practiced witchcraft in at least one or more generations so nobody ever taught me to do anything.  
“I found our family book of shadows, and I have made a few charms from it to help me or Rowan sleep or get over a cold faster, but that’s about the extent of my witchiness.  Rowan has actually taken a more active role in magic than I have.  She’s learned to read tarot cards and runes.”
“Huh. I always figured with opening a supernatural bookstore, that you were more active.”
“No time. I’m interested in it, but aside from a book here and there, the bookstore takes up all my time.  Besides, I’m not sure I have any talents. It’s not like I naturally have premonitions or cast spells.  Some witches are naturally talented with those gifts; so far I haven’t come up with anything I’m gifted with, except a head for business.”  Darby laughed and so did Allison.
“Well, maybe you’ve just never been in the right situation for your gifts to present themselves.”
“Maybe, but I don’t think I will hold my breath.  Besides, do you really want to be working for a witch? I mean, if you don’t come in on time, I could hex or curse you with chicken pox or athlete’s foot,” Darby said jokingly.
“Yeah. That could be a problem.”  Allison laughed so hard, Darby was sure she saw tears.
The rest of the day was like all days when there are anticipated plans in the evening, dragging at a snail’s pace. Darby swore she watched every hour on the clock go by. It was like the last day of the school year, waiting for the bell to ring so summer vacation could finally begin.  
She didn’t think the end of the day would ever come, but finally it did.  She closed up the store in record time and raced home to take a shower and change. Since she was a bit nervous, she decided a beer might be a good idea.  Besides, she had those two growlers in the ice chest.  Wouldn’t want those to go to waste, she thought. 
Not knowing what attire would be appropriate, she went with a sundress. She figured it was at the guys’ house, how fancy could it be? She fed Harry in his new, more accommodating bowl and took a last swig of beer when the doorbell rang.  She looked at the clock and saw it was two minutes to seven. She went to the front door and opened it to find Devon standing there, smiling and devastatingly handsome.  He handed her a bouquet of dark purple delphiniums and sunflowers. How did he know those were my favorites? 
He was dressed in dark denim jeans and a white linen shirt with the sleeves rolled up almost to his elbows. His hair was pulled back in a small ponytail which kept it mostly out of his face. 
“Come in.  Let me put these in water and we’ll head over,”
she said as she headed to the back of the house and to the left where he could hear her filling what he figured was a vase.  “Is there anything I should bring?  I mean, we have a ton of beer here,” she laughed.
He chuckled, “No, I think I have everything we need, but I promise we won’t let the growlers go to waste.”  She headed back towards him with the flowers now soaking in a large, blue, glass vase. She set them on the big round coffee table in the living room.  “May I say you look lovely, Darby?” 
“Thank you! You’re sweet.  And thank you for all the amazing gifts – you really shouldn’t have gone to so much expense and trouble.” 
“Oh, but I had to. I disappointed you and I still feel horrible about that.” 
“Don’t be silly.  I mean, I looked forward to our time together, but disappointed? No, I mean, you have no obligation to me.”
“But I do. At least I’d like to,” he smiled and he held his hand out to take hers and continued, “Shall we?” 
“Sure.” She grabbed a light sweater that was lying on the back of the couch and he led her to the door, opening it for her. 
“Should I lock it?” he asked. 
“No. It’s fine. Pretty safe neighborhood and besides, we’re just next door.  If someone starts taking large items out of the house, I think we will notice,” she responded.
He smiled and closed the door behind them.  They were walking down the steps of the porch when they heard squealing tires nearby that made them both turn their heads in the same direction. 
He turned back to her and smiled, continuing to lead her to the sidewalk, when they heard squealing tires turning on to their street.  It was that beautiful, sexy, black car that had been in their driveway before they had left on their trip, coming fast towards them and turning into the driveway in front of them. She wasn’t sure how the handsome, very tall sinewy man turned off the car, opened the door, and got out of the car in the split second she saw him do it.  The next thing she knew he was in front of them, keys in hand, and looking directly at Devon. He seemed about to speak when Devon introduced him to Darby. 
“Darby, this is my brother, Blake, a.k.a. ‘speed racer.’  Blake, this is Darby, my date for the evening and our new neighbor.”
“Nice to meet you, Darby. I’m sorry to interrupt, but..,” Blake said.
“I thought we agreed I had the house tonight,” Devon interrupted, smiling uncomfortably, and then looking again at Darby. 
“I know, I know, but something has come up,” Blake said. As if talking in some kind of brother code, he continued, “There’s a problem. It’s here in town...now...” 
While the brothers bickered back and forth about nothing that made much sense to Darby, she noticed a man had appeared across the street.  She blinked her eyes a couple of times to see if she was really seeing what she thought she was seeing.  This man was huge.  He looked like he had gone way overboard on the bodybuilding, steroids, and protein shakes.  He wore black jeans, no shirt obviously trying to show off his physique, a long, black leather duster and a black hat.  He must have been dying of heat stroke in that get-up. 
She thought, He must be going to a party. Why else would anyone dress like that in summer? To Darby, he looked like a Van Helsing wannabe; of course, he was lacking both the good looks of Hugh Jackman, and hair.  He must know he stands out like a sore thumb dressed like that. A costume party must be the only explanation. Oddly though, he seemed to have his sights on the three of them. 
Quickly and fluidly, he flipped back the right side of his coat, revealing what appeared to be crossbow and it looked real AND loaded. He aimed it at them.  He’s joking right? He must be.  I mean he must know he looks ridiculous so he is playing it up. Right? 
Devon was more or less standing in front of her in relation to the crossbow.  He and Blake had their sides to the Van Helsing guy, but Blake was angled a little bit more towards him and the guy caught his eye. Everything seemed to go into slow motion at that point.  Blake pounced towards the guy in a blur of speed and ferocity that could only be described as something inhuman. At impact, there was a God awful snapping of what Darby could only imagine was the breaking of bones.  Blake sent the man flying through the air over a parked car, landing with a thud on the ground behind it. There was no movement on the other side of the car. 
Unfortunately, before the man went down, he did get a shot off and it was headed right for Darby and Devon. As if he had read her thoughts or heard it coming, Devon turned and stepped into its path, completely shielding her from the arrow, as it hit him in the chest just below his right collarbone. His body went limp and he collapsed at her feet. 
Darby stared at Devon’s beautifully chiseled face as he fell to the ground and a wave of emotions engulfed her. At first, warmth spread over her, seeming to envelop her and Devon.  She thought for a moment she could see into his soul.  She could feel his pain and his anguish at putting her in danger.  If not for a sheer gossamer layer she could not penetrate, she felt she could know everything about him in that very second.  
She had only experienced something like this one other time in her life and that was when Rowan had fallen out of a tree in the Duarte’s orchard when they were little girls.  
She could hear Rowan calling her in pain. That was so many years ago, she had almost forgotten.  This was definitely the same feeling. 
Obviously he felt it too – maybe it was the panic of the situation – she wasn’t sure, but she could tell he felt it because despite all the chaos and the arrow in his chest, he was very calm now and smiling at her. 
Devon grimaced and closed his eyes in pain. Blake was headed towards Devon to see if he could help. Darby saw over his shoulder that the man with the crossbow was up again, and reloading. That’s when everything went white.  Suddenly a look of surprise and terror came over the man as he too saw the flash of white light emanating from her, the willowy blonde with tears streaming down her face, Devon dying at her feet, and his handsome brother oblivious of what was behind him.  She put her hand up as if telling Van Helsing guy to stop. He did.  A light surged from her eyes and hand with a force like a hurricane that hit him hard.  The energy threw him back thirty feet or so. Unfortunately for him, he ran into a tree during his flight. The sound was something like a splitting melon.  She knew as soon as she heard the noise that Van Helsing guy had not survived the impact. 
Blake turned in time to see the man hit the tree. He stared at the attacker in disbelief.  His brother was down, the attacker was down, and all that was standing was the blonde girl next to his brother. She was shaking and looked about ready to fall or throw up, he wasn't sure which.  He was instantly at her side and helped her down to a sitting position. He looked at his brother, then at the attacker, and back to this shaking woman and marveled.  What had happened? How did it happen? 
As if someone flipped a switch, Darby stopped shaking and looked at Blake with piercing blue eyes and said, “Help me get him to the car.  We’ve got to get him to the hospital.” 
“No…Um we can’t do that. He can’t go to the hospital,” Blake said frantically.  
“You’re kidding, right? Why not? He’s bleeding and he’s got an arrow in his chest.  We’ve got to do something!” Darby said. 
“I know that seems like the logical place to take him, but we just can’t. Please, trust me! If we can just get the arrow out and clean him up, he will be all right,” Blake argued. 
“Right now the arrow is acting as a plug; if we take it out, he’s going to bleed, a lot. He’s going to need stitches and he should be checked to see if any organs were hit,” Darby said. 
“Please, you need to trust me.  I can’t tell you why, but if you want to save him, you have to trust me. Please!” 
“Oooo, no...are you two fugitives or something? Was that a bounty hunter?”
“Something like that.  If you feel anything for my brother, just let it go.  Please. I can’t explain right now.”
“Fine.  Just help me get him inside; then you can go take care of the other guy and I’ll take care of your brother, but you owe me an explanation as to what the heck just happened.”  What have I gotten drawn into? she thought. 
Blake looked at her, dumbfounded. “I was hoping you’d explain it to me.”  
She smiled and rolled her eyes.  Jumping up she said, “You get him under the arms and I will get his feet.” Blake listened to his instructor and dutifully obeyed. Being very careful, he picked up his brother under the arms trying not to disturb the arrow. 
“We are going in my house straight back and to the right.  We need to get him on the bed.”
Once they had reached the bed and got Devon onto it, she said, “Next you need to help me get him on his side.  We are going to have to pull the arrow all the way through.” 
Blake looked puzzled.  She continued as if answering his question, “We have too.  Didn’t you watch any cowboy and Indian movies? If we pull it back, the tip will do more damage, so we need to pull it all the way through as if it shot completely through him.” 
He still looked unsure and it was apparent he didn’t want to inflict any more pain on his brother than he had to. 
“Would you just get over here, you big sissy, and help me?
The arrow has not hit his lung or his heart or we’d know it by now. Does he have an allergies or medical issues I should know about?” She asked.
“You mean, aside from the arrow?” He said with a smirk on his face. 
“Well now, aren’t you a kick in the pants?  Seriously, we’re losing time and he’s losing blood.  Is there anything I should know?” she said again. 
Blake looked completely blank.  Apparently when under pressure he wasn’t a very good liar, but more the comic relief. 
“Yes, we are both allergic to wood,” he said, but he would not look her in the eyes. Blake ripped Devon’s shirt off being very careful around the arrow. He put the remnants of the shirt under Devon to protect the bedding from being bloodied.
“Wood? In General? Not a specific wood?”
“Pretty much all wood to some degree, some more and some less. However, I think this arrow was either Yew or dipped in a mixture of ground Yew seeds.  Did you see how fast he dropped?  It’s got to be Yew; nothing else would have done that to him. Yew is quite poisonous to both of us,” he said.
They turned Devon on his side and she straddled his torso.  
Blake looked confused, but he was up for anything that helped Devon. 
“Okay – wood – specifically Yew wood, then why don’t you run to the garage.  There’s a workbench at the back with some big leather gloves hanging from a nail.  Grab those and while you’re there, in the tool box to the right of the bench, grab some pliers.”  
He was gone in a flash and was back in a minute or two.  “Perfect. Now take the pliers and pull off the feather fletching at the back of the arrow.” Blake put one of the leather gloves on to hold the shaft steady while he carefully pulled the feathers off the arrow with the pliers.  
“Okay, now put the other glove on and get a good grip on the arrow tip and shaft sticking out of his back. We don’t want you going into anaphylactic shock from the wood. Have you got a hold of the arrow?” she asked Blake.  He nodded.  
“All right.  I’ve got him steady between my legs and I will hold his shoulders.  You pull the arrow as straight as you can – on three.”  She knew this was going to hurt Devon, but she hoped he would understand that this was the only way she knew to help him. 
She looked at Blake. “Okay, deep breath.” They both inhaled then exhaled. “One, two, three!” 
Blake pulled the arrow out with next to no effort, like a toothpick out of a piece of fruit – fluid and quick. 
Devon howled with pain and passed out. 
“It’s okay, Blake.  He’s passed out from the pain.  I can take care of him from here.  Now you go do what needs to be done with the Van Helsing guy.” 
“Who?” Again he looked puzzled. 
She was starting to wonder if this was just a normal look for him. “Van Helsing guy – The Crossbow Guy across the street.  Come on now, you saw him. Black hat, black leather duster, crossbow, classic Van Helsing look.” She rolled her eyes at having to explain. 
Finally he nodded in acknowledgement.  He started to leave the bedroom when she asked, “Oh, and can you bring back a change of clothes for your brother?”  He gave her a sly and devilish look, which she refused to even acknowledge. 
Apparently, Blake knew what needed to be done, because he shot out of there like a bullet, shutting the front door behind him. 
Darby sped to the kitchen and filled the kettle with water and turned the burner on.  She headed across the hall to the linen closet and pulled out two towels and two wash cloths.  She set these on the bed and went back to the kitchen.  She grabbed a large bowl, the kettle, and the first aid kit.  Carrying all this, she went back to the bedroom to start to work. 
I can’t lose him! she repeated over and over in her head. Then she thought, good thing I took that CPR/First Aid class last winter.  She folded one of the towels, making a small, but very thick pad. She knew it would be uncomfortable, but the weight of his body on the folded up towel on his back would be enough pressure to slow any bleeding down until she could bandage it.  She rolled him to his side and rolled him back onto the makeshift compress.  She hoped he wasn’t horribly uncomfortable.  She poured some hot water in the bowl and wet a washcloth and then began to clean the area around the wound.  The more she cleaned, the smaller the wound seemed to get.  Impossible, she thought. How can that be? At this point she didn’t think it would be necessary to have stitches.  How is that possible? 
She poured some hydrogen peroxide onto the wound, checked for splinters, covered the wound up with a gauze patch and taped it in place. Next, she rolled him to his side, taking the makeshift compress out from beneath him along with his shirt and proceeded to clean the wound as she had the front.  Here, too, the wound seemed smaller than it had been when she had put the compress on.  She cleaned it with hot water, checked for splinters, applied some hydrogen peroxide, and attached a gauze patch.  Amazing, she thought, the bleeding has almost completely stopped. 
She rolled him on his back, trying not to touch his wounds too much. She covered him with the quilt at the foot of the bed after removing his shoes.  She looked at his beautiful angel face and turned out the light on the bedside table next to him.  She grabbed all the bandage leftovers, the kettle, bowl and towels, and disposed of them in all the proper places.  She set the kettle back on the stove, so she could have a cup of tea to settle her nerves.  She cleaned the bowl she had used earlier, put some cool water in it, and then grabbed another washcloth out of the linen closet. She set everything on the other nightstand opposite of her patient.  With her fingertips, she lightly brushed some stray hairs off of his face and applied the clean, cool washcloth to his forehead. 
Harry jumped up on the bed.  She panicked, thinking Harry would do his ‘I want to be fed’ chest dance, but he seemed to know the seriousness of the situation and snuggled up against Devon’s body as if to offer him his warmth. 
When she went into the kitchen to get some more cool water and make her tea, she decided to fill Harry’s food bowl. No need in pushing our luck, after all.  She returned to the bedroom and set her tea down on the nightstand.  She fluffed and propped up some pillows so that she could sit and read in bed.  Before she sat down, she grabbed a small wood chest off the dresser, set it on the bed, and grabbed the book of shadows.  She sat down, took a sip of tea, checked her patient, and started thumbing through the ancient tome for something that might help any pain Devon might be feeling. 
She found a page with a list of stones and their healing capabilities.  Combine the stones with specific herbs in a small velvet pouch and the patient should heal rapidly. 
Perfect.  She opened the wooden chest and retrieved a velvet pouch, the stones, and the herbs needed to make the charm.  After blessing the already cleansed and charged stones, she arranged them in the pouch along with the herbs and tucked the pouch in Devon’s front pocket.  “There,” she said in a whisper, “That should help you rest and heal.” 
As she sat there, sipping her tea and reading Vampire Kisses by Ellen Schreiber, she was aware of every breath he made, every movement, everything.  She calmed him when he was restless with the cool washcloth and by running her fingers over his forehead and into his hair, like a mother would do to comfort a sick child. 
Several hours had passed when Blake came in the back door. 
He almost got his head conked with the teakettle, but Darby recognized his silhouette before hitting him. 
“Remind me never to break in here at night,” he said as she lowered the teakettle. 
“I don’t think that is something that I should ever have to remind you,” she said matter-of-factly.  He chuckled. 
“How’s he doing?” 
“Too soon to say, however, I didn’t have to give him any stitches as the holes ended up being smaller than I had expected.” She didn’t bother to mention that the wounds seemed to miraculously get smaller.  She figured he’d think she was loony.  She continued, “No stitches means less chance of infection.  But I don’t know for sure that nothing else was hit, so I guess we just wait and see if he gets a fever.  Then we worry.  He seems to be resting peacefully right now.  He was pretty restless at first, but that’s to be expected.  Its not everyday Van Helsing guy shoots you with a crossbow. Speaking of Van Helsing guy, now might be a good time to tell me what the heck is going on.” 
At that moment Blake looked like a little boy – a six foot four inch little boy – innocent, scared, and not knowing what to do without his big brother to advise him.  Like his brother, he had gorgeous brown eyes, but not exactly the same color, more milk chocolate brown with amber flecks. They were bright and rather hypnotizing, but there was a wildness there that his brother’s eyes lacked – which was perfectly okay with her. 
“So out with it,” she demanded. 


Chapter 3
 
 “Hmm, this is not going to be easy,” Blake smiled.  His smile, she was sure, broke quite a few hearts.  It was precious, comforting, and contagious. His whole face smiled, like nothing he would say could possibly be untrue.  Uh huh, she thought. He shared this smile with his brother and between the two of them, she thought they must leave quite a wake of women behind them. 
“The thing is, there is a huge part of the story that I think should come from Devon.  It should be his choice/burden to give the details about us. But I will try to answer your questions to the best of my ability.” 
She raised her eyebrows as if agreeing, doubting it would go well. “All right! Who is the Van Helsing guy?”
“His name is Max Porter. He’s a hunter.” 
“Uh huh! A hunter – that’s vague.  A deer hunter? A lion hunter? What?”
“A hunter of a specific kind of person.”
“A person hunter? Yuck!” she said and then, as if a light went on, she continued, “You mean like an assassin? A terrorist with a crossbow?”
He rolled his eyes and grimaced. “Somewhat like an assassin, but for a very, very specific kind of person.”
“This is getting annoying.  You mean like a, I don’t know, a bounty hunter? A vampire slayer?” she laughed.
He went white as a sheet. “Yes, very much like that,” he said.
“I see! So this Max was hunting your brother?”
“And me,” he said.
“Yes. So Max is a software engineer slayer?” she joked.
“Well, not exactly, but let’s go with that for the sake of time.”
“Okay, Max the Van Helsing wannabe, is a software engineer slayer and came to kill you and your brother, because your software stinks?”
He laughed. ”Yeah, I guess so.”
“So are there more of these software engineer slayers out there?”
“Yes. Not a lot, but enough.”
“And their plan is to take out all software engineers, everywhere?”
He tried to hold a laugh back, ran a hand across his lips, and said, “Yep.”
“So is there a hierarchy of software engineer slayers, or was Max just a rogue?”
“Umm…I don’t know if there is a Grand Pooba of software engineer slayers, but Max was sent by someone above him.  His name is Terrence Paine.  Max was one of his thugs.”
She shook her head. “Okay, now we are getting somewhere. How many thugs does Pooba Paine employ?”
“Including Max, there are three, including Olaf Obert and Norman Beoff.” 
“All right! If Max doesn’t check in, then Pooba Paine will send Norman and/or Olaf to find out what happened, right?”
“Probably.”
“If that is the case, how much time do you think we have before the others come looking?”
“Well, my guess is that Max was a scout, and may or may not have told them specifically where he was.  If that is the case, then I would estimate a week, maybe two at the most.”
“Hmmm. Your brother won’t be healed by then.” She pursed her lips and thought a minute.
“My sister and I have a cabin about two hours from here. Our parents left it to us.  We haven’t been up there since we were kids, but maybe I could take Devon up there and you could stay in this house.  That way you could be on the look out for any more software engineer slayers that come knocking next door.  That may give us a little more time.  Of course, I’d have to contact my sister so that she doesn’t freak out if she comes home and finds some handsome guy has taken over the house. Although somehow I don’t think she would mind meeting you!” She smiled. “What do you think?”
“I think it is a better plan than we have, since we have no plan and my brother is unconscious.”
“True, he can amend it if he wants to when he is better, but for now it will give us some time to figure out what to do.  So what is this beef Pooba Paine has against your family – I mean aside from your stinky software?”
His face lit up with a huge smile again – Darby thought it was nice to see him relaxing a bit. “Umm…not exactly sure, but it had something to do with our father.  Terrence Paine and his entourage were responsible for the deaths of both our parents.”
“Do you have any family that might be able to tell us specifically what the squabble was about?”
“None that I know of; maybe Devon knows of someone.”
“What about any family records or paperwork, or diaries that might have recorded some such thing?”
“I couldn’t say for sure. Devon took care of all the family belongings when our parents were killed, but I believe we have a storage locker of stuff we thought we should save.  Family heirlooms, things like that.
“Good, good...that would be a great start. So where does Pooba Paine reside? Or reign?”
Blake laughed again. “I believe he resides in Maine, but I’m not absolutely sure.”
“So the fact that you are not sure of quite a few of these facts, I take it that Devon takes care of most of this kind of stuff?” His face went stone cold and stern; she knew he was offended. 
She continued, “Don’t get me wrong, Blake, it’s the same with me and my sister.  She is the free spirit and I am the grounded one, but I wouldn’t have it any other way.  Sure, we sometimes fight about it, but it’s who we are.  She’s like our Mom and I’m more like Dad.  She helps me to try to be more spontaneous and live a little, whereas I try to help her see the benefits of what a wee bit more responsibility could do to enhance her life.  You know…we’re symbiotic.”
He smiled and nodded. “Yes, I would say that our relationships could be viewed as very similar.  Too bad, if I hadn’t just met this amazing girl, I would be very anxious to meet your sister.”
“You will, I’m sure. It’s funny though, when I checked my messages today, she had said that she too, had met a special guy.  What a coincidence!  Fate throwing her a special curve ball, I suppose. Well, I suppose that’s more information than I can process in one day, so I think I will shack up on the couch.  I think you should grab some things from home and sleep in my sister’s room.  It’s messy, but clean.”
“I couldn’t do that. Max is not going to be sending anyone tonight and besides, what if your sister comes home?”
“Hon, it’s 11:30, if she’s not home now she won’t be coming home; besides, I told you - New Guy!”
“Oh yeah, right.”
“You don’t know for sure that Max didn’t come here with the other software engineer slayer. Plus, since I am filling in for your grounded brother, I know he wouldn’t want you to take that chance. Just sleep here; I’ll feel better, I know your brother would feel better, and no harm done. Please!”
“Okay, but only because you insisted.  Oh, shoot! Is it really 11:30? I was supposed to meet this girl an hour ago.”
“I’m sure with those eyes and that smile, she will forgive you anything. Call her and tell her something came up. That way, you didn’t stand her up.  Believe me; girls don’t like to be stood up, not by their sisters, and definitely not by potential boyfriends.”
“Yeah, I will. Hey, ummm…thanks for everything, the advice, the plan, my brother, and, oh yeah, Max.  By the way, we still haven’t discussed what you did or how you did what you did.”
“Yeah, I’m trying to block that out of my memory. I don’t have a clue how or what happened. I just felt all these emotions after seeing your brother on the ground. I didn’t want anything else to hurt him. I just wanted it to stop and then Pow!  Everything went white and Van Hels... I mean, Max, went flying.  I didn’t mean to kill him.  The tree, you know, that was an accident. I didn’t aim him for the tree. I just wanted Devon to be okay.”
“Well, remind me not to ever make you angry,” he teased. 
“Ha! Ha! Very funny!  Go get some clothes and go to bed,” she said, pointing to Rowan’s room.
“Okay, okay! I’ll call that girl as I’m grabbing some stuff and I’ll be right back. And by the way, I think my brother would be very upset if he felt he kept you from sleeping in your bed.  You two are adults, I’m sure you can control yourself,” he smirked.  “I’ll bet you will sleep much better in your own bed than on the couch.” 
“Okay, little brother, you win.  And yes, I can control myself, thank you very much.  As for your brother, well, he’s passed out, but even so, he is too much of a gentleman to be anything but embarrassed by the situation.”
“I think you might be surprised.  He’s a gentleman, yes, but he is a guy and you are, well, gorgeous.” 
She blushed deeply and smiled.  “Well, thank you, but I’m not.” She continued to smile as she went back to the bedroom, slightly tickled by the compliment. 
She set the change of clothes Blake had brought for Devon on the chair. She grabbed a pair of flannel shorts out of the dresser drawer and went into the bathroom to attend to her nightly rituals.
As she finished up in the bathroom and turned out the light, she tiptoed to the bed.  She checked her patient, and gave him a new, cool rag for his head.  No temperature yet, but it was still too early to tell.  She’d check his bandages in the morning.  In the meantime, Harry was taking up the whole rest of the bed.  He was on his back as if mimicking Devon. Harry’s head was turned in what looked like a very uncomfortable position.  He had one fuzzy arm over his eyes.  It looked like a fainting damsel pose.  She laughed and pushed him over so she could have some of the bed and Harry slept between them.  Lights out. She wasn’t sure if her head even hit the pillow before she fell asleep.


Chapter 4

A woman’s scream woke Darby.  She looked at the clock and it was 1:18 A.M. The scream didn’t affect Harry or Devon.  In fact, now that she was awake, she wasn’t sure that the scream hadn’t been a dream, but considering the last 48 hours, she couldn’t be too careful. 
She grabbed the baseball bat that she kept by the door of the bedroom and headed down the hall towards the living room.  The light was on in Rowan’s room and Darby wasn’t sure, but she thought she heard giggling.
She walked very gingerly with the bat in her hand trying not to let the floorboards squeak. She knocked quietly so as not to startle Blake, when Rowan came bouncing to the door with Blake attached to her waist, both smiling like they had been caught doing something they shouldn’t. 
“Hey, Darby, what’s up!” Rowan said casually.
“What’s up? You scream at 1:15 in the morning and you ask ME what’s up?” Darby whispered loudly.
“Sorry, I don’t always find presents like this in my bedroom.  You’re so sweet to me, big sister.  Thank you, he’s lovely – just what I always wanted,” she said as she planted a huge kiss on Blake. He didn’t seem to mind in the least.
“I see you’ve met,” Darby whispered.
“Oh, we met a couple of days ago – this is the guy I left you a message about,” Rowan said.
“And this is the girl I told you I had to call tonight,” Blake added.
“So you two...and tonight...Blake...the message?” Darby whispered, confused.
“Pretty much. Why are you whispering?” Rowan said and then looked at Blake. “Why is she whispering and holding a bat?”
Blake raised his eyebrows and shrugged his shoulders, but the smile on his face was as bright as the sun. 
“All I can tell you is she had a teakettle earlier and now it’s a bat.”  He tried to cover his laugh with his hand.
Rowan was smiling. “Is there someone else here?” she whispered. Blake, unable to control his laughter, helplessly looked at Darby.
“Yes, there is! In my bed! His brother! Well, he got shot with a crossbow.”  She waved her hand in front of her face as she realized she was just making it sound worse than it was.  She shook her head and announced, “I’m going to bed.” Juvenile oooh’s and kissing sounds teased her as she walked away.  She retorted, “And keep it down in there, some people are trying to sleep.” 
But even as she rounded the corner to the hall, she quietly laughed to herself as she heard:

Darby and Devon
Kissing in a tree
K – I – S – S – I – N – G

She couldn’t help but smile. Rowan and Blake were perfect for each other, she had to admit.
Back in the bedroom, she had to move Harry again as he had spread out during her absence. She crawled back into bed with a smile on her face, still listening to the giggles from the front bedroom, and then she closed her eyes



Darby woke up with Harry standing on her chest like he did every morning.  His high-pitched meowing was especially annoying today.  She was too tired for his shenanigans.  She rolled him off her and on to the floor, when she realized that she smelled coffee and there was someone in the kitchen, humming - a man, humming in her kitchen? She looked over at the other side of the bed and a tidal wave of memories of last night came flooding in.  She sat straight up and realized Devon was not in bed.  Oh my God, where is he?  In a panic she went flying down the hall, but made a u-turn back into the kitchen where the most beautiful man was humming and cooking - making pancakes.  It was Devon and he looked fine – fabulous even.  She ran to him, not thinking about how she looked, just so absolutely thrilled to see him alive, thriving and gorgeous. She hugged him like she hadn’t seen him in years and her eyes started to well up. 
“Oh my God, you’re okay. I was so worried.  Are you okay? Are you...” she stopped speaking and hugged him again.
“It’s okay, I’m fine.  Apparently I had a very skilled nurse at my side all night,” he said and smiled slyly. 
Her expression was that of utter shock. Then another realization hit her.  His hair was wet. He’d taken a shower.  “Oh my God, you took a shower?”
Now his smile turned to surprised confusion as one eyebrow lifted towards her.  “Was I not supposed to?”
“Of course, I mean, no, I mean your wounds, they’re too deep - you could get a really bad infection. Take your shirt off, let me see,” she demanded.
Both eyebrows rose now, in amusement, as he said, “But can’t you wait? I’m making pancakes.”
“Ha! Ha! You and your brother should go on the road with that comedy act! Now take off your shirt!” 
“You are even more beautiful when you’re demanding.” Realizing she wasn’t going to budge on the subject, he added, “You won’t like what you see.”
He pulled the t-shirt off.  This gorgeous man, trying to make pancakes, was standing there with barely any evidence of having been shot by a crossbow just 12 hours before. A tiny purple indent was visible, but it was hardly noticed after she saw his flat six-pack stomach and broad chest.  He must have enormous upper body strength as his biceps and pecs were perfect specimens.  He was as flawless as a stone sculpture. 
When she came to, after gawking, she shook her head in disbelief. “But...that’s...umm...how did...uhh.” She plopped down into the kitchen chair, bewildered.  “I need coffee,” she finally said.
Devon turned and threw the burning pancake in the trash.  He opened the cabinet and got a cup and poured some coffee for her.  She stood up and grabbed the handle of the refrigerator and pulled out the fat free creamer.  Sitting back down in front of her coffee, she added the creamer. Every so often she looked up at him and his flawless chest in disbelief.
He grabbed his t-shirt and gestured to her. “Do you mind if I put my shirt back on now?” he said, smiling.  She nodded with a tinge of regret.
“I know there are some things I need to explain to you, but we don’t have to do that right now.  There are a few things I’d like to know too, but let’s just enjoy this moment.  Have some pancakes – you do like pancakes, don’t you?” he asked, concerned all of sudden.
“Umm…yeah, I mean, who doesn’t like pancakes? Right?!” she said, still trying to shake off her bewilderment. “But you might want to make a whole lot more as we have visitors.”  She pointed towards the front room. He looked confused now. “It seems that the girl your brother met and the guy my sister met, are one in the same, and they are presently in the front bedroom sleeping – maybe.  It’s been a very eventful twenty-four hours.”
“I’ll say!” he agreed.
He finished making about a gazillion pancakes and sat down with a cup of coffee of his own.  He gave her that smile – the one he and his brother shared – the one that would ultimately get them anything they desired. 
“I was thinking,” he began.  He pointed to the front room and made a circle motion and continued after he took a sip of coffee, “that all of us should go up to Halfmoon Bay today, sit on the beach and hash all this out.  It seems all four of us are involved now. If my brother has half the feelings for your sister that I do for you, then I think we should all be honest with each other.  After that, if they want to stay or go they can do so. I was hoping though, maybe if you still wanted to, after our conversation that is, we could go out on the date we were cheated out of last night.”
She smiled and said, “But shouldn’t someone stay here and watch for the software engineer slayers?”
He started to laugh. “Software engineer slayers? What the heck is that?”
“Well, your brother and I talked a bit after you were injured, and he was very adamant about not telling me anything about you, him, or your family. In an attempt to understand what he was telling me and not telling me, we...I...well, maybe he better explain. Either way, shouldn’t we be on the look out for Terrence Paine and his men?” she said.
“Wow, I’m not even sure how to respond to that. You seem to know a lot, and nothing at all, all at the same time.  I’ll tell you what, I will talk to my brother, and find out how much your sister knows and how much you know, then we will all get together so that everybody knows the same information, okay?”
“Oh, thank God, because if I had to go through another round of Pooba Paine, the Van Helsing guy, and the other software engineer slayers, I don’t think I would survive.”
Looking extremely entertained and perplexed, he agreed, “I’m confused just hearing that part; no wonder you’re confused. As for Terrence Paine, I don’t think we will hear from or see anything from him or his goons for at least a few days, so a one day reprieve should be okay.” 
Then, suddenly serious, he looked at her and said, “I just hope when you know the truth, you will still want to be a part of our lives, because after the last couple of days I just can’t imagine anyone else being by my side.”
She swooned and blushed and smiled all at the same time. “After the last few days, I don’t think there is anything in heaven, on earth, or even the netherworld that could keep me away from you,” she said.
He beamed and his glorious, heartbreaking smile was as bright as the sun.
“Okay then, I’ll feed Harry and take a shower.  You go wake the lovebirds, talk to your brother, and we’ll see if we are all in agreement about Halfmoon Bay. Okay?”
“Sounds like a plan.”


Chapter 5
 
It had been agreed that the best thing to do was to put all four heads together and make sure that they were all on the same page. Only then could they decide on a plan. Additionally, the brothers had their talk and both seemed completely amused by the whole thing. To Devon’s amazement, Blake had already told the family secret to Rowan. The beans would have been spilled today either way, so what did it matter at this point?
Devon and Darby took Devon’s car, a silver Mercedes E-Class coupe.  Not as flashy as the Audi, but very nice, just the same.  Blake and Rowan took the Audi, of course.  As they drove along the coast, Rowan caught a glimpse of Devon, smiling as if something was very funny.
“What are you smirking over there about?” she asked.
“I’m not smirking.”
“Yes, you are.”
“Okay, maybe you’re right. I’m smirking. I just would have loved to have been a fly on the wall last night during your conversation with my brother.”
“Oh, you would have, huh?”
“Yes, very much so.  You have a very vivid imagination, and yet your logic is impeccable. But tell me, how did your logic lead you to ‘Software Engineer Slayers’? That is just classic – I would have liked to have seen that one evolve.”
“Well, I needed vital information about these guys and he obviously was not going to tell me the truth without betraying your confidence; so, well, I came up with that, and it got me past the truth to what we needed to deal with.”
“No, I understand. I just like how you think, and your humor is, well, it’s adorable.  Such a package deal with you: beauty, brains, humor, and sweetness rolled into a perfect Darby package.  I knew you were something amazing and wonderful when I saw you dancing on the front lawn - my little water nymph.” 
With that, his fingertips ever so tenderly brushed a tiny bit of hair away from her face and behind her ear.  It was amazingly intimate.  This slightest of touches made her body go all warm and tingly. She blushed like crazy.  In order to hide her embarrassment, she ordered him to watch the road or he’d crash his sweet ride.
He laughed heartily at this and it was a lovely sight.  He was relaxed and happy, like the evening they had talked until the closing of the bar.  It made her happy to know that she could make him laugh, smile, and hopefully be himself.  That’s all you could ever ask for, she thought.
Both cars pulled into the visitor’s beach parking area at Halfmoon Bay.  The fog was just now burning off and it was going to be a glorious day on the beach. 
All four of them walked on the beach for a while until they were fairly clear of any other people. Sitting in a circle on some beach towels, the boys still had huge grins on their faces – Darby assumed this was because of the conversation she and Blake had the night before.  When Darby looked at Rowan, it seemed that she was in on the joke. 
First looking at all the faces in the circle, meeting each of their gazes, Devon reached for Darby’s hand and placed it safely in both of his and then he spoke. 
“Darby, since you are the last to find out who and what we are, I’m going to throw this out there first.”  Looking at Rowan, who nodded, and then at Blake who nodded too, then lastly to Darby. His face was serious, his eyes piercing, and he said, “My brother and I are vampires.” He waited to see her reaction.  First she looked confused and then she smiled and looked at Rowan.
“Okay, very funny guys. What is this? Make fun of Darby day?”  Her eyes met her sister’s; Rowan smiled but shook her head.  Darby turned back to Devon, who looked devastated by her reaction as if she herself had shot him with a crossbow.  She saw it then, the shame, the embarrassment, and the hurt. 
“So you are not fugitives? You’re vampires? Real vampires?  Bloodsucking vampires? But, I don’t understand.  You’re in the sun? You’ve never bitten me. I’ve seen you eat food and drink beer. I don’t understand.” 
“Most of the things you are referring to were made up in Hollywood or in folklore.  We do drink blood, and bite, but we don’t kill unless it’s in self-defense,” Blake said. He could see by her reaction that Devon was caught off guard.
Devon added, “That is why I healed so fast. The arrow hadn’t pierced my heart. Just like any race, there are good vampires and there are bad vampires. Unlucky for us, most people only remember the bad.” 
“Well, I guess that explains the allergy to wood and the rapid healing, like you said.  That also explains why Blake wouldn’t let me take you to the hospital. Hmmm…you said you and your brother have parents...were they vampires?”
“Yes,” said Devon.
“But I didn’t know that vampires could have children. I thought you got bit by a vampire and became a vampire through that.”
“Yes and no...there are two types of vampires, those who are born of vampire parents and those who are made by vampires.  Those who are made through a process of biting and then sharing blood tend to be wilder and affected by the blood.  Vampires that are born from vampire parents tend to be more like humans.”
“How so?”
“Vampires who are made are more sensitive to sunlight.  If exposed for too long they can die from it.  Born vampires won’t die from sunlight; it doesn’t hurt them. Some don’t like it, but for most, it doesn’t affect them at all.
“Vampires who are made crave blood more than born vampires.  It makes them crazy, killing their victims in an animal-like frenzy.  They also have to feed more often – at least once a day. Born vampires can eat food as well as blood.  Born vampires do need blood, but they only need to feed once a week or less.  If they feed on blood more than food, their powers get more acute. Most prefer not to feed on humans more than food so they can blend in with humans.  Feeding all the time, would call attention to them,” said Blake.
“So...how old are you both?” Darby asked.
“Born vampires age slower than humans, by about 1 year for every 4, so I’m 28 in vampire years and 112 in human years. Blake is 25 in vampire years and 100 in human years.”
“Hmmm...so in a few years, I’ll be looking old and you’ll still be looking like a god?” 
Blake laughed, “A god. Phffft. Him?” Devon glared at him.
“Give me a break...but as for your question, not necessarily. We can age faster if we choose.”
“But wouldn’t that cut your life shorter?”
“No. Not really.”
“In the movies vampires have to sleep in their coffins, they have no reflection in a mirror, they can’t be around garlic and stakes can kill them. Is all of that true?” Darby asked.
“Well, obviously through your experience, a stake through the chest, but not in the heart, paralyzes a vampire and wounds him pretty badly, but not fatally.  A stake in the heart, however, would kill a vampire. Crucifixes, holy water, garlic, sunlight or mirrors don’t have any effect. A stake anywhere else is painful but can be healed, as you’ve seen.  Beheading, that can’t be fixed and fire is another thing that can kill us.  Born vampires have nothing to do with coffins or dirt, but for some reason some of the made-vampires can become attached to a coffin.”
There was a lull in the questioning, so Devon assumed maybe she was satisfied.  “Are we good then?”
“I, well, I just, well, it’s a lot of information.”
That’s when Rowan stepped in. 
“Blake, could you and Devon go back to the car and grab the cooler? I’m thirsty and I think a little sister time may be called for here.”
“Yeah, sure. Umm, Devon?” Blake said.  Devon stood up looking hurt. He and Blake turned and headed back to the car.
As soon as the guys were out of earshot, even for vampires, Rowan said, “Darby...I know this is overwhelming.  I was shocked too when Blake told me.”
“Aren’t you scared or worried?”
“No. Not in the least.  I was a little freaked, but I thought it was really cool. I’m dating a vampire. Not that I could go around saying that, but well, you know. I mean come on, Darby. You just risked your life for this guy, so you must feel pretty strongly for him and it’s obvious he’s stuck hard on you. That’s obvious to everyone.”
“You think?  It’s not obvious to me. I mean, I adore him, but what kind of future can a vampire and a human have?”
“Look, Darby. There are complications, yes, I will agree to that, but all relationships are complicated.  You told me yourself once that’s what makes them exciting. I haven’t seen you so happy since, well, before…well, just in a long time and it’s because of Devon.”
“Yeah, I know, he’s wonderful, but he’s a vampire, for crying out loud. Have they ever killed anyone?”
“Oh, come on.  Aren’t you always telling me that you wish you could be more spontaneous?”
“Yes, but this isn’t like taking an unplanned road trip here; our lives could be at stake.”
“Why? They’ve never killed anyone.”
“How do you know that?”
“I asked Blake.”
“Really? You just asked him?”
“Yeah. How else would I find out?”
“But I want children, Rowan.  You know that. I’ve always wanted children. I don’t want to get involved with anyone I might not be able to do that with.”
“You can have children with him.  I asked that too. Humans and born vampires can have children, usually with a very good success rate.  A made-vampire and a born vampire tend to have a pretty good success rate too, but two made-vampires cannot have children. Oh, and just a note, two born vampires can have children, obviously, but for some reason they have a lot of difficulty conceiving.  Having two children, as in Blake and Devon’s family, is very, very rare.” 
“But what about the child? Would it be a vampire or a human?”
“Obviously, two born vampires would have a born vampire. A born vampire and a human would have a child that may or may not crave blood, and may or may not have vampire strength. A made-vampire and a born vampire would have a vampire that would crave blood but not as much as its made parent. A made-vampire and a human would have a milder version of the made-vampire parent. This can sometimes get tricky if the human is the female and she has to carry a vampire craving blood inside her, but it’s been done before, many, many times and for many centuries.
“Darby, I know you are tentative, to say the least, but you just risked your life to save this guy. I think that should tell you something. You can’t always rationalize things, especially matters of the heart. Sometimes you have to go with what your heart tells you not your mind. My heart tells me I can trust Blake and I didn’t reveal magical powers to make sure I could have a future with him. I think your heart knows Devon is worth a leap of faith.”
“I know he’s worth it. I’ve known since we first spoke. And you are right; all relationships are complicated in their own ways. Thank you, Rowan.  You’ve really helped.” She leaned over and hugged her sister tightly and just as she was pulling away, Devon and Blake were back. 
Devon handed her the sweater that she had left in the car and sat back down where he had been seated before. She leaned over and raised both her hands to each side of his face with such gentleness, his heart leapt. 
“I’m sorry I freaked a little before. You kind of caught me off guard.  I’m the one who’s always looking out for Rowan and everyone else around me, so sometimes I can be a bit pessimistic until I’ve had time to think things through.  Rowan has helped me fast-forward through some of that but, Devon, I don’t care what you are, or even what you’ve done in the past.  I do know that when you were hurt last night, something I can’t explain came over me like nothing ever before, and all I wanted was for you stay with me forever, smile, and be happy. The rest will work itself out.”
Devon leaned in to her and kissed her. First, he grazed her lips with his, and then followed with an amazing and truly intimate kiss. They smiled at one another still in their own little world until Rowan and Blake clapped, cheered, and cat- called, “Woo Hoo!”
“Wow. That was pretty spectacular,” Rowan said.
“I think I saw fireworks and maybe even heard a little background music playing. Didn’t you hear it?” Blake asked Rowan.
“I think I did,” she agreed.  Devon and Darby blushed.
“Okay! Okay! Well, I guess Darby is up to speed now.”
“I’ll say, and then some,” Rowan said. Everyone laughed. 
Rowan continued, “So now that we’re all good with the vampire thing, we still need to deal the guys after you two. So what do we know?”
“Well we know Terrence Paine has some kind of vendetta against your family.  I think we should find out what that is and deal with him.  If he goes away then the thugs go away,” Darby said.
“Darby had suggested last night that maybe we should go through Mom and Dad’s things and see if there is anything that might be of use in finding what got Terrence Paine’s boxers in a twist,” Blake said.
“Well, I don’t think I said that exactly, but yeah, that is the gist,” Darby said.
Rowan asked, “Where are your Mom and Dad’s things?” 
“Everything is in Ireland in a storage locker.  That’s where Mom and Dad had settled.  At the time, there was no need in bringing the stuff here. Blake and I moved around so much and it was just one more thing to move.  I figured we would keep it there until one of us settled down,” Devon answered.
“I would have done the same if we hadn’t wanted to live here when our parents died. Our family has been here so long, Rowan and I just couldn’t see any reason for leaving.  We did put some things up in the attic though, items that were too hard to see everyday; plus, in order for it to be our home, we needed to have something of our choosing in it.  Otherwise it would be like living in someone else’s house,” Rowan responded.
“So, do all four of us want to go to Ireland to look into this or do we want to have someone hang here as a look out?”  Blake asked.
“Well, doesn’t that depend on work for you guys?  Blake, are you working? I know Devon said that he was working on a project in Mountain View,” Darby pointed out.
“Good point,” Devon said. “Presently I’m ahead of schedule, so that gives us a little room to breathe and the project is due to end in three weeks, or at least my portion of it.  I have about another week of testing and debugging, but I don’t see that there are any huge hurdles to jump.  What about you, Blake? Darby? Rowan?”
“I’m on summer break till September,” answered Rowan. 
“As long as I can do payroll twice a month and check in, Allison can do everything.  She’s been begging me to take a vacation for months, so it’s doable for me,” Darby said.
“I finished my project weeks ago and I haven’t had any nibbles on anything new for at least 2 months,” said Blake.
“Then it’s wide open; if we all want to go, we can, but we can easily opt out too.  Well, let’s leave that one open for now and figure out who goes later,” Devon concluded.
“Darby told Blake about our family cabin in Clear Lake too, so if for any reason we need to make a quick get away, that is there as an option,” Rowan announced.
“That is a nice bonus if things get too heated at home,” Blake said.
“What if we just went to Terrence Paine and asked him what the problem was? I mean sometimes the simplest route is the best,” Rowan asked. 
“It’s a good point, but our parents have died, Devon was shot last night and almost died, and Max is dead.  Once Paine finds out Max is dead he’ll be wanting revenge,” Blake answered.
“But it might be smart to snoop around in his hometown to see if there is more to this threat than we think.  As far as you know, there is only Paine and his two thugs. What if Paine has combined forces with some other slayer? Or maybe there is more to the vendetta than we think?  I say a trip to Maine may be in order.  The last thing Paine would expect is our going to him,” Darby argued.
“So Darby, why don’t you go to Maine, and just blast Paine and his cronies with that trick you used last night?” Blake asked.
Rowan looked surprised and Darby, disappointed. “I wish it were that easy, Blake. You know I would if I could, especially if it would keep you and your brother from harm, but like I said last night, I don’t know how I did it,” she said.
“What did you do to him, Darby?” asked Rowan.
“I killed him,” she said rather ashamed. 
“Now that is not entirely true.  You blew him backwards 30 feet or so, but you didn’t aim for the tree.  You merely were defending Devon, who couldn’t defend himself,” Blake added.
“Either way, he’s dead because I threw him.  But if the same thing happened again, I probably would react the same.  I just wanted him to stop hurting Devon.  Going back to your question, Rowan, I don’t know how it happened.  I was standing there, Devon wounded at my feet.  Shock, I think, put everything into slow motion. Then the sadness was overwhelming. The thought of losing Devon was unbearable, and then pure anger washed over me.  Everything that had ever made me mad seemed to form some kind of force and I put up my hand to stop him from coming any closer and he went flying.  That’s all I know,” Darby said to her sister.
“Wow, I would have liked to have seen that,” Rowan said.
Devon interjected, “Speaking of what happened, maybe you two have something you should tell us! Like this power you were talking about, and this little pouch of goodies in my pocket. Darby, you had told me that you came from a line of witches, but you didn’t say that you practiced or had any powers.” He pulled out the velvet pouch of healing stones and herbs she had placed under his pillow last night.
Rowan started, “Well, like Darby said, we come from a long line of pretty powerful witches.  The O’Riellys have all had powers of some sort over the centuries.  Our family fled to Oljone, back in the very late 1700’s, to escape prejudices and persecution.  Once our ancestors came out here, they utilized their powers less and less as they didn’t want to go through the persecution again along with moving.  Darby and I are the last of the line.  Our father didn’t even know of the ancestors and their powers.  He may not have even been aware of his power.  He sensed things, but because he never realized it was a power, he never really used it.  He knew, though, when we were in trouble.”
Darby added, “Rowan and I share that power with each other too, although we don’t know how to use or control it. When we were little girls, Rowan fell out of a tree in the Duartes’ old orchard.  Nobody knew it had happened, but I felt it.  I could see where she was, I could feel her pain and I knew right where to go.  The same thing happened last night with you, Devon. The warmth, then a glow, and I could see into your mind except for this sheer gossamer-like area.  That must be where you hid the vampire thing, otherwise, I guess I would have known last night – that might have come in handy.  As for the velvet pouch in your pocket, well, last night I went through our ancestral book of shadows and found some herbs and some stones that were good at accelerating the healing process and to help you sleep peacefully.”
“Well, that’s good to know.  We have more assets than we thought, Blake!” Devon said. Blake nodded in agreement and the girls smiled.  “So with a little practice and a little research, we might be able to use this to our advantage. With your book and our speed and strength, we may just be able to work this out – together,” Devon winked at Darby.
“Together,” they all said.
Devon turned to Rowan and Blake and said, “Why don’t you guys head up to San Francisco, or down to the boardwalk in Santa Cruz?  Get out of here. Go have some fun.” He turned to Darby and said, “We are going to go on that first date we were deprived of last night.”
They all laughed.  The girls hugged and the guys jabbed each other in the arm.  The couples headed back to their cars, waved, and went their separate ways for the evening.


Chapter 6
 
Both cars left the Halfmoon Bay beach visitors parking lot at the same time. The black Audi turned north on Highway 1 and the sleek silver Mercedes headed south. 
“So what’s the plan?” Darby asked.
“Well, when was the last time you went to the Monterey Aquarium?”
She cocked her head and started to bite her lip. 
“I don’t know? I think the last time was with my Dad and Rowan when we were in high school. How about you?”
“Never been.  I’ve heard they have a really great sea horse and sea otter exhibitions.  I thought we could go exploring there for a while to start.”
“Sounds fun. Will we be staying in Monterey tonight?”
“Could be! I took the liberty of getting two rooms near Cannery Row in case we didn’t want to drive back tonight, but I will leave that up to you to decide.” He reached over and gently clasped her hand, brought it to his lips, and kissed the back of it with lips so gentle, she trembled and blushed. Then he dropped it down onto his thigh to rest. He occasionally stroked the top of her hand with his thumb.  It was so calming and sweet.  His tenderness seemed limitless. 
His hand was warm around hers and she worried that his warmth may give her sweaty palms.  The nervous excitement was intense enough. What if he thinks sweaty hands are gross? Can I control it? Shouldn’t they make sweaty palm antiperspirant? I mean, isn’t it normal to have sweaty palms on your first date?  She was looking out the window and starting to get very tense.  She had shorts on, and it could get rather chilly on the coast in the evening, even in the summer.  I don’t have a toothbrush either. Yuck, morning breath, she thought.
He picked her hand up kissed it again and said, “Darby, I don’t care if you get sweaty palms.” He turned her hand over and kissed her palm, which was very hot, but not quite sweaty.  Then he brought her hand up to touch his cheek and continued, “I’ve also taken the liberty to pack some necessities for both of us and what we don’t have we can get in Monterey.” 
She looked at him, eyes focused, as if trying to look into his mind and with a smirk she said, “You’re reading my mind, aren’t you?”
A little embarrassed, he released her hand and put it back on the steering wheel and answered, “Yes! But I can hardly help it.  I’ve been able to read your mind from our first meeting.  Normally, I can sense things about someone, maybe read a thought or two, but the connection with you, well, I find it hard to define my thoughts from yours.”
“Well, now that is embarrassing.  So you heard that whole thing with the sweaty palm antiperspirant and...” Then a realization hit her, Oh my God, have I pictured him naked or….Oh God, this isn’t happening.
He couldn’t help it; he laughed out loud and then quickly tried to stop.  He stroked her hair. 
“Please don’t be embarrassed,” he said, “If you think I haven’t had some of the same thoughts, well, you are mistaken.  Very poorly mistaken!” He chuckled and then he was a bit embarrassed himself.
“But why can’t I read your mind, if mine seems so connected to yours?” she asked.
“I’m not sure! But somehow I think with time, you will be able to.  You’ve not really tapped into all your gifts yet.  I would guess that there are a few things you can do that you don’t know you can do, just because you have never tried.  I’d like to explore that with you, if you would allow me. I mean if you are not interested, that’s one thing, but if you are curious – you and your sister, I think Blake and I can help you. Even test you!”
“Really, you think I have that kind of power...potential?”
“I really do!  But let’s get something straight right now – I’m not with you right now because of what you can do.  Sure you and your sister may be able to help my brother and me with this Paine problem, but that is not why I’m with you.  I can’t speak for my brother on this, but as for me, I’m in…I mean...I...I can’t breathe or think when I am away from you.  Somewhere in the last few days, I’ve come to...hmmm...Let’s say it this way...My life was perfectly fine before I met you. I thought. But now that you’re here and I’ve gotten to know you, I couldn’t go back to my old life.  I’ve now seen what I was missing.  I’ve touched it, kissed it,” he smiled, “laughed with it, now there is no going back.  You’ve become a part of me, like an organ or limb, that I can’t do without.  If you didn’t have any power at all, that part would not change.  You are my happiness now.  I only hope that you feel the same.”
A tear fell and rolled down her cheek as he finished speaking.  She hadn’t realized that her eyes had even welled up, and she looked at him as he stared out the windshield of the car and said, “I do feel that way and I have to say that was the most perfect thing anyone, ever, has said to me.”  She raised her hand and touched his cheek with her whole sweaty palm and let her hand glide down his face, letting her fingertips run along his jawbone to his chin and then down his neck, over his Adam’s apple to the vulnerable triangular indentation at the base of his throat.
She felt a tiny vibration with her fingertips as he let out an almost inaudible groan.  If she hadn’t felt the vibration, she might not have known he had groaned at all.
“Umm, please don’t do that while I’m driving.  I want to make sure I get you there in one piece and I’m afraid if you keep that up...ummm...I’ll crash the car at the very least.”  With that he gave her a warning look, with a sly, erotic smile.
She bit her lip and smiled, turning back forward in her seat.
“However,” he continued, “just so we are clear, you can do that anytime you like, when I’m not operating any heavy machinery and preferably when we’re alone, because you will definitely get a reaction from me.”
“What kind of reaction?” she asked coyly.
“Try it tonight if you wish, and you’ll get your answer.”
Sweet, sweet anticipation – there’s nothing like it, she thought. 
He answered out loud, “Here, here!” They both laughed.
There was some silence as both thought on what might or might not happen that night. Darby broke the silence. “Can you influence a person’s thoughts with your mind? As a vampire, I mean.”
“Yes. Some vampires use this influence to lure their prey, but for myself, I use it so they don’t remember the feeding. They have no recollection of meeting me, or the feeding, they just assume they got bit by an insect.”
“Have you ever influenced me?”
“Not so far,” he laughed.
“Can you influence other vampires?”
“No.”
“Can you sense them? I mean, do you know when another is around?”
“Yes.”
“What’s it like drinking blood? It seems like such an intimate thing – like taking someone’s life force. Is there a connection you feel with the person?”
“Hmmm,” he said a little embarrassed, then continued, “It’s hard to describe drinking blood, because I’ve always done it. It would be like me asking you what it felt like to drink water. I would suppose a made-vampire could describe it better since they were human and turned vampire.  But as for the intimacy, yes, I suppose there is a bit of intimacy there. Again, this would be better answered by a made-vampire, who has something to compare it to. If I had to describe it, I would say that it is similar to any animal feeding on another. The need for sustenance is primal for all living things.” 
“Have you ever shared your blood with another vampire?”
“No, I haven’t. Some vampire couples do.  I guess it would be another form of sexual intimacy, but I’ve never met anyone, until now, that I ever wanted to experience that kind of closeness with.”
“Have you ever wanted to bite me?”
“No. I feel protective of you. I couldn’t possibly hurt you.”
“Speaking of biting, does it hurt?”
“Why?” 
“I don’t know.  There may come a time when you are weak, hungry, or hurt. There’s no reason you couldn’t take some of my blood, right? I just want to know if it would hurt.”
“No, I think it only hurts for a second, like a needle going in, but then again I’ve never been bitten.  There’s always the mind influence too; I could block the pain in your mind if need be.” 
“How do you turn a human into a vampire?”
“It’s a process of feeding on the human and then offering the vampire blood to the human.  How much of each, I have no idea.”
“Would you ever consider turning me, if that was what I wanted?”
“I don’t see the benefit of putting you through a near death experience, that may or may not work, and then watching you suffer through the endless craving and lust for blood. What would be the point?”
“To be with you forever would be the point, and to be more like you. Immortality with someone you love, how could that be a bad thing?”
“I know that sounds romantic to you, but forever is a very long time to have such a craving and hunger.”
“So I take it you’ve never made a vampire?”
“No – the process itself is very tricky and it doesn’t always work. You’re supposed to control them, teach them not to kill humans, be responsible for those you turn.  Most don’t follow through with the responsibility thing.  It can be done, though.  There are some born vampires who have fallen in love with humans and turned them, to be with them longer.”
“I’m sorry I’m asking so many questions. It’s just kind of fascinating. Plus I guess it helps me to get a handle on it.  Wrap my brain around it, so to speak.”
“It’s fine.  I’m just glad you find it fascinating and not terrifying. I was a little worried there for a while.”
“Even if I ran initially, I somehow think I’d be running back to find you as soon as my mind cleared.” He smiled.
After a few minutes they turned off of Highway One and pulled into the valet area of the Spindrift Inn on Cannery Row. When Devon turned off the car and pulled the lever to pop the trunk, Darby turned to him and wrapped her arms around him.
“What was that for? Not that I’m complaining or anything.”
“Thank you.”
“For what? So far I’ve only driven you to Monterey.”
“For everything, but mostly for being you.”
“Well, that’s an easy one. I wake up everyday as me and I don’t even have to try!” 
They both chuckled and he got out of the car.  As he was walking around the front of the car, he noticed she was starting to get out and as they met eyes, he put up his hand with one finger up as if issuing a demand for her to stop. She smiled coyly but was tickled by his gallantry.  He came over to her door, opened it, and held out his hand to help her out.
How utterly romantic, I feel like royalty! she thought to herself with a smile.
He responded out loud, “Get used to it!” 
With his left hand hovering at the small of her back, he led her to the door.  An old-fashioned gesture, she thought, like holding hands, but more proper. To tell all men in the vicinity ‘this beautiful woman is with me and I’m proud to be with her.’ 
The porter came to him.  In his right hand, Devon had his key and some cash.  The porter put out his hand as if to shake hands with Devon, but it was a ruse to give him the key and tip.  Devon then asked him to bring the bags.
He led her to the counter. A gorgeous woman stood behind the counter, ogling Devon and completely ignoring Darby. She said to Devon, “May I help you, Sir?”  He answered her, “Check-In for Bloomington.” 
Then he turned to Darby, pulled her to him and kissed the top of her head.  Completely disgruntled by his lack of attention to her, the gorgeous woman said, “Yes, I have you down for two rooms for you and your guest.”
That’s when Darby whispered in his ear, “How about just one?” 
His eyebrows rose, and he looked at her to verify that she was sure. She nodded in response. He turned and said, “Seems our other guest will not be joining us. We’ll only be needing one room.” 
“Certainly, Sir.”
He interrupted her to add, “But the arrangements for the one room have not changed, correct?”
“No, Sir. Your instructions are all right here and will be ready for you at the requested time.”  As the woman read through all the instructions, she seemed to be even madder.
Devon turned back to Darby, who confronted him with a confused look.  “Just a little surprise!” he said tauntingly. Like a little boy with a secret, his smile was as bright as the sun.
They turned from the counter and went back outside, turned right on the sidewalk, and walked about a block to the aquarium.  It was Sunday and there were many people there.  They looked at all the exhibits and touched all the critters they were allowed to.  
There was an amazing jellyfish exhibit.  Darby had no idea there were so many different kinds - different sizes, different colors, some that even looked like they had LED lights running up and down them.
They walked past a humongous tank with kelp as tall as two stories. The kelp swayed with the ocean current. It made Darby a bit dizzy to watch, but it was gorgeous.  In another area was a glass tunnel where they had a simulated wave crashing over it, so it was like surfing inside the tube of a wave.
They headed for the seahorse exhibit.  It was dark and crowded like most of the exhibits, but Darby had a hold of Devon’s hand the whole time.  She didn’t even get sweaty palms.  There were so many kinds of seahorses.  Again, she had no idea there were so many.  There were all different colors and sizes and even shapes.  Some looked like sticks and some looked like clumps of seaweed but as they floated around you could make out what was their head and body.  It was so amazing and she was so excited to share it with Devon.  He oohed and ahhed and pointed just as she did, wanting to share everything they saw with each other.
They were searching for the hiding seahorses in one of the tanks and since she was shorter than him, he would cozy up behind her at most tanks.  He seemed conscious of not being to close to her in case she didn’t like it, but she did.  At this tank, she purposely leaned back to meet his body.  He put his chin on her head and kissed her.  His arms came around her waist and held her.  Safe in his arms, warm from his body against hers – this was bliss.  His lips slid gently down to her ear and he whispered, “It is… I totally agree.”   She closed her eyes in contentment for just a second and as if reading her like a book, he tenderly kissed the ear in which he had just whispered.  They stood there for a while, still searching for the tiny seahorses, when over the speaker they heard, “Mr. Bloomington, would you please proceed to the designated door?”
He whispered in the same ear, “A surprise.”
Her mouth open, and caught completely off guard, she followed him through the crowd to a door in the middle of the aquarium.  In white letters the door read “Employees Only” and below that was a red number three.  Devon reached for the door and knocked.  A few seconds later a man answered the door in wet suit holding a bucket of oysters and clams.  “Are you Mr. Bloomington?” he asked.
“I am.”
“Follow me.”
They walked for a while down a long corridor, turned right and then right, and then left.  All the while, they passed door after door with tiny windows in them, giving tiny glimpses of university faculty, oceanographers, and all kinds of aquatic animals.  They finally came to a door with the number 111C painted on it.  The man with the wetsuit pulled out a set of keys, from where, she wasn’t sure, and she was pretty sure she didn’t want to know. He opened the door.  Behind it was a tank with 4 baby sea otters and their mother.  Apparently, Darby and Devon were there to help feed the little babies, whose mother had been injured in a fishing net and was being nursed back to health.
It was the most amazing thing Darby had ever done.  Feeding these little adorable creatures and laughing at them playing, well, it just filled her heart even more. After meeting Devon, she didn’t think her heart could hold any more love, but like the ‘Grinch Who Stole Christmas’, it grew at least two sizes right there.  Devon seemed to be touched too, and enjoyed the little guys as much as she had.  Darby knew that she would remember this experience always.
After about a half an hour of playing with the baby sea otters, they found themselves back in the corridor, winding this way and that. They finally found the door that led back into the main part of the aquarium.  He looked down at her and asked if she was hungry. 
“I am.  Not terribly hungry, but...” Darby started to say.
“I’ve got the perfect thing for that.” He smiled smugly.  As before, he led her by the small of her back out of the aquarium and past the hotel to the harbor.  They walked down the dock past a locked gate that Devon just happened to have the key to, and almost to the end.
“Are you going to make me fish for my snack?” she jokingly asked.
“Even better,” he said.  He raised his right hand towards the forty-one foot sailboat docked there.  He guided her to the boat and the captain popped his head out to welcome them.
“Are you Mr. Bloomington?” he asked.
“I am, and this is my guest, Ms. O’Rielly,” Devon answered.
“A pleasure to have you aboard, Ms. O’Rielly.” The man held out his hand to assist her onto the boat.
“I am Captain Gordon, and this is my first mate, Daniel.  Why don’t you both make yourself comfortable? Mr. Bloomington has provided a sweater for you, Miss.  Would you like Daniel to get that for you?  The sun will be setting in about 45 minutes and it will get a bit cool.” 
Darby looked behind her, first at Devon and then back at Captain Gordon and said, “Yes, Captain Gordon, I think I would like that sweater.”  Captain Gordon nodded at Daniel who jumped below deck and grabbed a gorgeous ivory cable knit pull over sweater that felt like it was made of cashmere.  It was big on her; maybe it was Devon’s and that made her snuggle her face into it even more.  It smelled wonderful – it smelled like him.  She smiled and sat down on the deck in front of Devon, between his legs.  He now, too, was donning a wool sweater that looked lovely on him.  His hair was swept back from the breeze that was starting to pick up now that the sun was so low in the sky.  He was a vision – like a picture from a magazine.  She had her arms wrapped around her knees and then he snuggled in to her, wrapping his arms around all of her.  She felt so small, so safe - so perfectly happy that tears started to well up in her eyes. He kissed her ear and whispered, “Are you ready?”
“For what?” she said.
“For us! For this! For our own sunset! For you and me – for all of it!”
She had never been more sure about anything her life.  She leaned back and turned so she could see those lovely brown eyes in the low glorious sunlight and answered, “I am…I’m ready for all of it and you…always for you!  You keep holding me like this and I will follow you anywhere for as long as you want me there.” 
“Good, I was hoping you’d say that!” he said, hugging her tighter. She kissed his cheek.  By now they were out of the harbor and the sails were up and the sun was just about to set.
That’s when the champagne came out.  Daniel offered each of them a glass with a strawberry in it.
“You went to way too much trouble for me.  I mean, I love it, but I would have been just as happy having pizza and beer with you by my side holding me like this.  Trust me, I’m a cheap date and pretty easy to please.”
“Well, maybe so, but you only get one first date and I wanted ours to be perfect – something we would look back on many years later and remember how things started.  Like the opening paragraph of a book, it’s got to be good to keep you interested or you’re not going to want to read all 500 pages!” he joked. He held his glass up and Darby turned to look at him and held hers up too.
“Here’s to the first of many sunsets I hope to share with you, Darby O’Rielly.” They tapped their glasses together and Captain Gordon sailed them off into the sunset.
“So can you hear it?” Devon asked Darby.
“Hear what?” she said.
“They say that when you watch the sun set, if you listen hard enough, you can hear it sizzle as it touches the water.”  he answered. 
“Hmmm!” she said contently, “Nope! But it is beautiful just the same!  So, should a puff of steam come up, when the sun is completely engulfed by the sea?”
“I don’t know! I guess we’ll just have to watch and see what happens,” he whispered in her ear. Daniel came out with some fresh shrimp cocktail.  Darby fed one to Devon. He seemed to truly enjoy this treatment.  She laughed and they watched as the last tiny bit of sun glided down into the water.
“Awwww! No puff of steam – Oh well, maybe next time?” Darby giggled and had another sip of champagne. When Darby finished her champagne she fed the strawberry to Devon, and he kissed her with strawberry lips.  They laughed and held each other until the boat was back in the harbor and docking.
“Oh, thank you, Devon, this has been the most amazing date, no – the most amazing day I think I have ever had in my life. Absolutely perfect in every way! And I’ve never had a date remotely in the same dimension as this date, so again, thank you for that too,” Darby said as Devon took her hand helping her to the dock. 
“I’m glad you’ve enjoyed it, but it isn’t over yet, unless you want it to be.  I mean, there is still one more surprise left.”
They turned, waved, and thanked Captain Gordon and Daniel.  “Thank you again for everything.  Have a good night!” With that, they continued up the dock.
“Hmmm, I don’t know about the last surprise.  The day has been so utterly perfect, aren’t we tempting fate? Maybe we should do the other surprise another day, so it has a better chance of making another day perfect.”
“I have no idea what you just said.  I don’t see how anything could go wrong with the last surprise, aside from maybe burning the hotel down, but that is pretty unlikely.  But hey, if you’d rather not, it’s okay with me. I can take you home right now.”
By the tone of his voice she could see that he was baiting her. Teasing her with what might be another incredible surprise.  Then she knew she was a goner when he cracked that sunshine smile that he and his brother played so well.  They both knew no one could resist the “Smile.”  They knew it and she knew that from now on whenever he wanted something, she was going to see that smile.  She knew that she needed to find something that she could do that would work on him, like that smile did on her; otherwise, it just wouldn’t be fair.
“All right,” she pretended to sound reluctant, “I guess...since you did go to all this trouble, I should at least see what the last surprise is.”
“It’s very kind of you to be so accommodating,” he said, slyly smirking at her.
She couldn’t take it anymore and she started laughing. “You know that smile of yours is lethal.” 
“What?”
“Yes. Lethal.  Your brother is just as bad.”
“Oh, now my brother is involved?”
“Yes.” She turned to him and smiled. “You do know that I can’t say ‘No’ to you, when you use that gorgeous smile on me.  It’s lethal! I love it, but…”
He smirked and admitted, “I kind of had a feeling.”
“Okay, well let’s go see the last surprise.  Now that you really have my curiosity aroused.”
He checked his cell phone for the time and said, “Okay, it should be ready by now.” With that he took her hand and set it in the crook of his arm and they walked back to the hotel.
At the front desk, he asked, “Can I get our key? Bloomington Suite.”
“Here you are, Sir,” the young man said as he handed him a card. Darby wasn’t sure, but she thought she saw the young man wink at Devon.
Still with her hand on his arm, they went to the elevator and Devon hit the button for the top floor.  ‘The Girl From Ipanema’ was playing in the elevator as they went whizzing up.  The doors opened and they stepped to the left and went to the end of the hall.  He slipped the card in the door, opened it, and led her in.


Chapter 7
 
She had never seen anything like it.  The windows overlooked the Monterey Bay, and though the sun had set, it was not completely dark and she could see the waves crashing on the beach and the lights of little cities all around the bay twinkling.  A window seat full of comfy cushions was below the window. 
To the right was a fireplace, with a roaring fire licking the wood in its grate.  A gorgeous bouquet of at least two-dozen lavender roses adorned the mantel above it.  The smell of roses in the room was delicious.
To the left was a queen-sized canopied bed. The comforter was pulled back, beckoning sleepy guests.  A mint was placed on each pillow and the entire bed was covered in lavender rose petals - real rose petals, not silk petals. At the foot of the bed were two folded, big, fluffy bathrobes and slippers on the floor.
In the center of the room was a small table set for two.  A stand up champagne bucket stood next to it and silver-domed covers were over both plates.  Somewhere, she didn’t know where, there must have been a small stereo, for there were violins playing softly in the background.
And if this was not enough to make any girl swoon, there must have been a gazillion candles lit in the room.  Even the bathroom was completely lit with candles and next to the gigantic bath tub was a huge glass bowl of more lavender rose petals, presumably to be put in the water, if one so opted to have a bath. Yet, another champagne bucket was placed near the tub.
She was stunned speechless.  She turned to Devon and hugged him. He closed the door behind them with one hand.  He returned her hug, but she didn’t release, and when he pulled her away, he saw that she was crying.  He panicked and pulled her back to him and held her.
“What’s wrong, Darby, I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean t…” he said.
She interrupted him with, “Sorry? Oh my God, I’ve never seen anything so romantic. It’s like being in a fairytale – I...I... don’t deserve this – you, any of this.  You are so, so, so handsome and this day has been...this room...beyond words...I just...Oh my God.” She shook her head and blubbered.  “I just don’t deserve you, I mean, look at me, then look at you...I,” and it was then that she went into a full, hard sob.
He grabbed her gently and pulled her over to the window seat and made her sit there so he could sit next to her.  With his hands on her shoulders he said, “You couldn’t be more wrong if you tried.  You do deserve this and more and for as long as I breathe you will have this.  You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen - inside and out.  I will spend the rest of my life telling you that, if you’ll have me.”
“But you can have your pick of women, beautiful, gorgeous women. They are everywhere! Why would you want me?”
“Because, Darby, you are the one I love.  When I look around I don’t see any other women anymore; you have taken their place.  You are the only one I see.  The only one I want to see. You are a part of me now. I can’t go back, ever.  You’ve spoiled me.  No other woman can stand in your place. It’s you or nothing.”
She kissed him gently. The wetness from her tears she could now see on his face. It sparkled in the candlelight. She raised her hands to both his temples and slipped her fingers into his hair, like two combs sweeping back his hair behind his ears.  His hair was so soft and fine. The candlelight brought out highlights in it she hadn’t noticed before. In this light, up close, the highlights almost looked iridescent.  And then there were those eyes...She trembled looking into them, like it was the very first time.  They seemed to have no end - soulful and kind.  She leaned in and kissed each cheek. She pulled back just so she could see his eyes again and said in a whisper, “I love you too, Devon!” She leaned back in to kiss him again.  His lips, so soft and inviting, had raised her body temperature about 50 degrees. She pulled away and stood, shedding the hot cashmere sweater.  He too stood up and took off his sweater. Now in a better position, his hands on her shoulders moved to her waist and he pulled her to him. Her knees just about buckled and the kissing was becoming more urgent. In an attempt to breathe, she started kissing his neck.  He leaned his head back, enjoying the feel of her sensuous lips bombarding his neck.  She found her mouth at the small indentation at the base of his throat.  She kissed it and ran her tongue up to his Adam’s apple and kissed it.  That’s when she heard that almost inaudible groan again.  His hands pulled her harder to his body as if he couldn’t get close enough to her and she leaned her head up to meet his mouth again. Their kisses and the tension in their bodies were escalating.  She knew what his hands and lips were telling her.  She didn’t have to read his mind to know.  She also knew that you only get one first time, so she was going to do it right.
She pulled away from his grip at her waist.  He looked disappointed and confused, until he saw her unbuttoning his shirt – slowly and meticulously.  She didn’t look at his face as she did this.  She pulled his shirttails out of his pants and laid her hands on his stomach.  Ever so slowly, she slid them up to his chest and then out to his shoulders, removing his shirt and letting it drop to the floor.  With her hands on his chest she pushed him backward, leading him to the rose petal-covered bed.  He sat down utterly astonished by her.  She got on her knees and took off his shoes and socks.  Then she rose before him, now watching him watching her.  She took her shoes off by stepping on the heel of one with the other; then using her toes on the back of the other shoe, she pushed them under the bed so that she could stand between his legs.  His hands came to her waist and she pulled her shirt up over her head, staring at him every second she could, and letting him see her become more vulnerable with every piece of clothing that she dropped to the floor.
She leaned down and grabbed his waist and pulled him up so he was standing next to her.  They were seeing each other for the first time, in body, mind, and soul, offering themselves to each other.  They were not touching but she could feel his warm breath on her shoulder, as she was sure that he could feel her breath on his chest.  She reached down, unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans, and did a little wiggle dance that all girls do to get out of their pants; they fell to her ankles and she stepped out of them.  She looked up in his eyes and she could see the love there that he had confessed to and she knew this was right and perfect. She reached down, grazing his lower abdomen with her fingertips, and unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans.  She didn’t need to see what she was doing; all she needed was to see his love there in his eyes. 
She reached backwards and unhooked her bra and let the shoulder straps fall free, watching him watch her as she let it fall to the ground. With skin touching skin, every inch of her seemed to be hypersensitive.  The tiniest of touches made her tremble.  There wasn’t an inch of his body that wasn’t that of a god. He was beautiful and he loved her.  How can anything be any better than two souls becoming one?  She reached down and let her panties drop and stepped out of them, completely and utterly naked, standing there in front of him vulnerable, but knowing that the union from this vulnerability would be theirs and theirs alone for all of time.  His love was worth it!  Their love was worth it! At that moment, when he touched her, she knew there would be no other love for her, but his forever more. It was perfect.


Chapter 8

Darby opened her eyes, finding herself in the big, beautiful canopy bed, being held by the most beautiful sleeping man she would ever know.  Still asleep, his steady breathing on her shoulder, she felt so complete - so calm.  Her chest hurt from the love she was feeling for this man.  She never wanted to move from this spot.  There was no place in the world she had ever felt this kind of peace and contentment.  He couldn’t possibly feel the same way, could he?
She thought about what Devon had said about her being able to read his mind in time and how maybe she had just never tried, so she concentrated. She focused on his breathing, the sound of his heart beating when she laid her head on his chest, the brown, calming eyes with love just for her in them, and the oneness they had felt last night.  Then she felt a wave of warmth come over her and she saw her own face, smiling, wind blowing her hair and the sound of herself laughing.  Then she saw her face in the candlelight, smiling, seductive, her hair spilled out on the pillow under her. She moaned in pleasure – Whoa, what the heck! 
“Those are my thoughts you’re seeing.  The way I see you - picture you,” Devon said. 
“I don’t look like that.”
“You do to me – beautiful, sexy, funny, everything I could ever want and more.” He kissed her.
“Really?”
“Yes – really!”
“But that will change, in time. I’m not perfect, far from it.  I’m sure I’ll have habits or things about me that you will find annoying or gross and I won’t always look like this.”
“Annoying, maybe, but I can’t imagine anything you could do that I might consider gross. I am a vampire after all.  My mother told me something once, which may pertain to this, or at least the way I think about things.  She said that falling in love would be a wonderful experience, but it didn’t always end in true love.  Love has many phases and it takes a lot of nurturing and hard work.  Finding someone to take that path with you is just as hard as the path you’ll take and the phases you’ll face.
“The first phase is the Bonfire phase. This is when you fall in love and you just can’t get enough of that special someone. It’s fun, inspiring, passionate, and for some, an addiction, but nobody can live forever in the bonfire phase.  In this roaring flame you have a distorted view of your partner.  They can do no wrong – they’re perfect in every way.
“Then, the second phase kicks in, and this is where the flame dies down to campfire height. It’s still warm and wonderful, but the distortion has gone away.  You can see your partner as they really are. You notice habits and flaws that you might find annoying. You either find you love your partner enough to get past all that, or you don’t. Some relationships crash and burn here.
“The third phase is when the flame has died down to maybe the size of a stove burner. This is usually the time when couples have been together for a long while, probably married with children. The passion is there, but more often than not, it’s covered up by distractions of daily life. You can spend too much time comparing your lives to how it used to be, not how it could be. You can lose your way, or partner in the aftermath of this confusion. Sadly, many relationships crash and burn here.
“But the fourth phase is the most amazing of all - a sign of the truest of love.  The fire is now a candle.  The partners still love each other, despite the height of the flame, despite aging, despite flaws and habits, and despite disappointments. You choose to see all the good that you’ve earned and shared along the way.  You fondly remember the bonfire, the campfire, the stove burner, and even the candle too.  You cherish these different phases, because they were all part of the journey together. This love is forever enduring, forever forgiving, forever loving, and absolutely forever.
“With that being said, I don’t care what you may look like forty years from now, as long as I can accompany you on the journey.”
“I would like very much to accompany you on that journey too.”  She snuggled into him tightly. “I didn’t know any guys actually listened to their mother’s advice in matters of the heart.”
“Well, I guess you were wrong than, weren’t you?”
“Apparently.”
She kissed his chest then lifted her head and supported it with her hand so that she could look into that loving, adorable face and drink in all that had happened last night. She smiled, gazing at him, and he flashed that sparkling grin again and she giggled.  “Again?” she said with surprise.
“Again and again and again and again,” he said seductively while smothering her with kisses.
“Oh, all right – If I have to,” she said and giggled. “But then we go home, feed Harry, and start working on my powers, okay?”
“As you wish, my love!” he answered. Then he rolled her on top of him and kissed her until her toes curled with pleasure.


Chapter 9

The ride home was full of laughter and fun.  They joked and talked about all the things they had seen at the aquarium.  It truly had been a perfect first date. 
She told him how she had concentrated to read his mind that morning and how easy it seemed. 
“See, I told you it was just a matter of time.  You just had never really tried.  Now that you know how, I’ll probably never be able to surprise you again.”
“Well, that’s a bummer,” she said, “because that means I can’t surprise you either.  Is there a way to block your thoughts from others?”
“Yes.  Remember when you and I connected when I got shot with the crossbow?  You described a gossamer sheer area that you were not able to see through. I was blocking that area of my mind.  It takes practice, but it can be done.  You’ll be able to sense when someone is poking around in your mind and you can put the block up.  Blake is very good at this and he might be able to give you some more insight and instruction than I can. I can’t read or block people as well as he can.”
“Well, that will be handy; at least I will be able to surprise you occasionally!” she laughed and he joined in.
“I was hoping that you could give me some information on the healing pouch you gave me.  Can you make them for protection too?” he asked her.
“Oh sure, the book lists all kinds of things charms can be used for.  Rowan, too, is pretty good at reading runes and tarot cards, which might come in handy.”
“That does sound interesting; is she pretty accurate?”
“More often than not, and she cooks better than me too,” Darby joked.
“Very cool. We should also probably decide who is going where? Ireland or Maine?” he said.
“Definitely,” she said and with that they turned into the driveway of the house next door to hers, behind the Audi.
When they walked into Darby and Rowan’s house, Blake and Rowan were on the couch talking.
“Hey guys,” Darby greeted them. “How’s it going?”
“Good, good…how was your official first date?” Rowan asked.
“Absolutely perfect!” Darby answered.
“In every way!” Devon added and kissed Darby on the cheek as he closed the door. “You?” He looked at Blake.
“Oh, we were able to scrounge up some fun,” Blake replied, sitting with his arm around Rowan who jabbed him in the ribs with her elbow.
“So have you guys thought about what your preference is? Maine? Or Ireland?” Devon inquired.
“Yeah, I think we’ve decided,” Blake looked at Rowan for some indication of agreement.  Rowan nodded and Blake continued.  “We think it makes more sense for us to go to Maine since I don’t know where the storage stuff is in Ireland.  You know where that is and have all the keys and stuff; it just seemed logical to us.” He looked again at Rowan.  She turned from Blake to Devon and nodded in agreement.
“Good, then I will get online and look at some times and dates for the tickets for you and Rowan and book our flights into Ireland,” Devon said.
“No 6 A.M. flights, Devon.  I know you think you’re funny when you do that, but it will come back to haunt you...trust me,” Blake threatened.
“The flights are cheaper at that time,” Devon argued.
“Fine, I’ll chip in for a 10:00 A.M. flight, okay? Besides, it’s not just me you’re torturing anymore,” Blake said, kissing Rowan on the head. Rowan beamed smugly.
“Yeah. I hear you!  No problem!” Devon said.
“Rowan, your sister was telling me about your talents with runes and tarot.  Do you think maybe we could have you do a drawing or reading of some sort to see if you can come up with any ideas why Paine has this vendetta? Or what we might be facing?” Devon said. 
“I suppose,” said Rowan.  “I need very specific questions though.  You ask a vague question, you get a vague reading.” 
“Oh, I see. I also talked to Darby about her attempting to do what she did the other night to see if maybe it’s something she needs to practice. I told her that she could test it on Blake and me since we heal quickly; if she had any accidents, she wouldn’t hurt us permanently.  I know she’s very nervous about that,” Devon said, looking at Darby who opened her eyes widely in agreement.
“And Blake, I thought you could give Darby some pointers or insight on reading minds and blocking others from her thoughts.  She has seen into my thoughts now twice, once by accident and once by concentrating,” Devon continued.
“Yeah, no problem, Darby. Just let me know when you want to start,” Blake said.
Darby asked, “Rowan, did you feed Harry?”
“Oh, yeah.  It’s not like he doesn’t remind you as soon as you walk in the house,” Rowan teased.
“Thanks, sweetie, I’m going to ask Allison to stop by and feed him while we are gone, can’t have him losing any of that, ummm….manly physique of his.”
“Oh, no. We wouldn’t want that,” Rowan said sarcastically.
“I’m going to go and grab the book of shadows and the chest of crystals. Devon, you are welcome to use my computer on the coffee table, if you want.  Anybody need anything from the kitchen while I’m back there?” Darby asked.
“No, I’m good,” Blake answered.
“No, thanks,” Rowan said, as she jumped up and headed for her room.  “I’ll grab the tarot cards and the runes,” she said over her shoulder.
“Thanks, Darby, but, I’m good too,” Devon said as he reached forward to grab the laptop in front of him.
Rowan came back in the living room with a stack of books and a wooden box with a velvet pouch set on top. Darby came in with the large leather bound book and a small wooden chest.  As Darby re-appeared from the hallway, Rowan said, “I just thought of something. Devon, before you make reservations maybe we can talk to your father directly.”
They all turned to her.  Blake said, “What do you mean, talk to him?”
“I mean we could summon his spirit here and maybe he can tell us first hand why Terrence Paine is on this rampage,” Rowan explained.
“Can that be done?” Devon asked.
“Well, we can certainly try.  It would simplify things, but there are never any guarantees. Spirits are not always as helpful as you might think.  However, this does involve his boys, which makes it very personal and that’s a plus.  That may give us the added edge to make it work,” Rowan answered. 
“That could be very helpful. How do you do it?” Blake asked, totally amazed by his beautiful witch.
Rowan smiled at his gaze, blushed a bit, and then continued.  “We will need a photo of your father or something personal of his, so that Darby and I can picture him.  You and your brother can just visualize him in your minds, but since we’ve never met him, having the picture will help us concentrate on him.  With the four of us, and maybe Harry, it might be able to work.”
“Harry?” said Blake and Devon in stereo.  “The cat?” Blake continued.
“Yes, the cat!  When you don’t have a coven, the more energy and focus you can get, the better.  Besides, Harry will be involved in another spell later.  He will be our personal James Bond.  Harry is always around, inside and out - lurking in the bushes or what not.  No one would think that Harry was informing us of a stranger,” Rowan explained.
“How does that work?” Devon asked.
“Well, we’ll all stand in a circle and concentrate on him and when the spell is complete, if in the next couple of days Harry sees something or someone out of the ordinary around here, he’ll let us know,” Rowan told him.
“How?” Blake asked.
“It can happen in many ways, a feeling, a mental image, I’m not really sure how it will manifest itself, but just be very aware of your feelings or thoughts.  We will all feel it at the same time so if you are unsure of something, ask one of us if we feel it too.  If we all have felt it, it was probably Harry trying to let us know something is up,” Rowan explained.
“That’s cool. I had no idea.  When can we start?” Blake asked.
“Well, I will make a list of things I’ll need and we can get started this evening.  It’s a very good time for this.  I was checking my moon charts last night and the moon is in its waxing phase tonight,” Rowan said.
“What’s a waxing phase?  Is that when it’s getting bigger or smaller? I can never remember the difference between waxing and waning,” Blake asked.
“Waxing is when the moon is getting bigger, so it is gaining in strength. Because we are in June, we are also dealing with the Honey Moon. This is an opportune time to cast the problem solving spell, if we have time, and that should help us all in figuring out how to solve this issue with Paine,” Rowan explained.
Darby spread out a piece of black velvet fabric and a bunch of different stones in front of Blake.  She said to him, “I would like you and Devon to look over these and see if any of them intrigue you.  I know it seems odd, but think of it as something your body craves, something it needs.  Often you will crave red meat if your body needs iron, or maybe milk if it needs vitamin D or Calcium.  Often we don’t do anything about these cravings, but it is a way that our body tells us what it needs.  It’s the same with the stones.  Your mind will point you towards the stone or stones that it feels it needs.  Pick it up and see if you feel any connection to it – a vibration or a warmth.  If you find one or more, keep them in your pocket.  They can add to your strengths, and help you with your weaknesses. I also have some charm bags together that we can use.  These will give you some added protection, power, and psychic abilities.” Darby handed the tiny pouches to each of them.  “Hopefully, the psychic one will help us all connect better, especially since Rowan and I are still learning.”
“What’s in them?” Devon asked.
“Well, lets see: cinquefoil, barberry root, black haw, pennyroyal, celery seed, and hemite for power; eyebright, mandrake, hibiscus, mugwort, moonstone, and clear quartz for added psychic powers; and clove, juniper berries, nettles leaf, Solomon’s seal root, St. John’s wort, belladonna, agate, and citrine for protection,” Darby answered.
“All that in these little things? Sweet!  Thanks, Darby,” Blake said.
“I can’t have anything happening to any of us.  You’re my family now, you and your brother, as much as Rowan is,” Darby said and grabbed Devon’s hand.
“Here is a list of things I’m going to need for tonight,” Rowan said as she set the list on the coffee table.
 “Great.  You need to do some preparations, right Rowan?” Darby asked.
“Yes, a few things,” Rowan said.
“Devon, would you be willing to go and get the things Rowan needs for tonight?” Darby asked, looking at him.  She continued, “I think everything on the list can be picked up at the bookstore.  Don’t tell Allison who you are.  The less she knows, the safer she is.”
“Absolutely.  I’ll also try and find a picture next door,” Devon added.
“Be careful.  I really think it’s best if you hop the fence and go in the back. Paine’s men may be watching the front.”  She tossed him her keys.  “I know it’s not as nice as your car, but they could be watching.  We need to be very careful from now on.  My car is in the garage. You can get in it without going outside.  The garage opener is on the visor.  After this, no more separating, okay?  We are safer together - as a team.”
“Good thinking!” Devon said.
Darby turned to him and hugged him very tight, “Please be careful, I can’t live without you!”
“I promise.” He kissed her forehead.
“Blake, while he is doing that, can we practice?”
“Definitely. Lets do it,” Blake said, then turned to Rowan and pulled her close, hugging her tightly and kissing the top of her head.  “If you need me, we will be in the back yard.  You yell and I will be here before you finish.”
“I’ll be fine,” Rowan smiled.
“Promise me!” Blake pushed.
“I promise,” Rowan said.
“Okay, Darby let’s go,” Blake said.
Darby followed him to the backyard. “So what do I need to do?” Darby asked.
“You need to think about what you were thinking about when you felt the force peak in you.  From what I gathered from what you told us, it was that you were angry,” Blake explained.
“Yes – shock, sadness, and then anger,” Darby remembered.
“Okay, so now I want you to focus on Devon. On losing him, having him lying at your feet, and dying.  Focus that anger, frustration, and sadness. Then open your eyes and put up your hand towards me, like you want to stop me from advancing towards you.  Visualize a bubble around you or a wall in front of you that would prevent anything from penetrating it.  I’m going to stand across the yard. When you are ready, open your eyes and tell me with your mind.  Might as well kill two birds with one stone, right?” Blake said and then chuckled.
“Sure…okay,” she said and closed her eyes.  She could hear Blake head away from her.  She thought about the Van Helsing guy, Max.  She thought about him aiming the crossbow at Devon, the crossbow arrow sailing in slow motion towards him, and the terror of losing him that washed over her.  She tried to lock on to that feeling.  Then she tried to send the message that she was ready, but it was hard to juggle both and still hold the emotion of the fear and anger.  She opened her eyes and held up her hand, towards Blake.
She tried to visualize a bubble around her and sent the energy of the emotion into it. She felt it as it washed over her and then out and around her.
Blake took a step forward, felt nothing, and took another step.  He could feel the electricity in the air, the tension, but no wall or pushing force.  He took another step forward and said to her, “Picture me as Max; I’m coming to kill Devon and you will never, never be with him again.”  He could feel the tension increase.  He continued, “Extend the field towards me.  I’m Max. I’ve just killed Devon and I’m coming after you now.”
That’s when he felt the force push towards him. He pushed at it with his hands.  It felt rubbery, not solid, but it definitely would slow him down.  He said, “Good, now, I’m coming after Rowan!”
That’s when the rubbery field went solid and bumped him back a good two steps or more.  “Great, hold that feeling; remember this in your mind.  When you’re in trouble think about this, what you’re doing right now.  Imagine this and if you can, extend your bubble to people you want in your bubble.  Wow, you’re a natural.  Okay, now.  Slowly release the energy – imagine Devon sitting up and he’s okay and relax.”  The crackling of the energy subsided as the wall against him dissipated.
“Oh, boy…I feel weird,” Darby said. Then everything went gray and she could hear Blake talking to her, but it was like listening to an adult character in a Peanuts cartoon. “Whaaa waaaaaWaWaaaaWaaaaawa!” is all she heard.  It was his voice, but it was getting farther and farther away and then there was nothing.


Chapter 10
 
Darby woke up on the grass.  Every thing was terribly bright and there was Blake over her, saying something, but she couldn’t understand. Suddenly, she could hear Devon’s voice clear as a bell.  
“Darby,” he said.  He sounded like he was in a small room, his voice echoing all around.  “Darby, it’s me. Can you hear me? Darby, it’s me, Devon. Wake up, Darby!”
“Devon, Devon, hold me!” she said and then everything came into focus.  She could see his face and Blake’s too.  Blake looked worried and overwhelmed with horrible guilt and shock.  Darby looked at Blake and raised her hand to his face.  “It’s okay, Blake. I’m all right. You didn’t do anything wrong. I guess I just got kind of wiped out.”  
She knew Devon was distraught.  She didn’t even have to see him; she could feel it.  She looked up at him and said, “Truly, it’s not his fault. Everything is fine. I’ve just never exercised my mind like that. Can you help me up now?” Darby asked.
“Are you sure you are okay?” Devon pushed.
“Yes, yes, I’m okay.”
“Let me help you,” Blake said.
“No, I’ll do it,” Devon said sternly and Blake shrank at his tone.
“Now you just stop that right now.  You apologize to your brother, right now. I mean it,” Darby demanded.
“You’re right. I’m sorry, Blake,” Devon said.  “I just…”
“No problem – I’m not sure what I would do if it had been Rowan – I get it.”
“All right now!” Darby said as they sat down on the couch in the living room. She latched on to Devon and kissed him, “Thank you!” Then she whispered, “I love you!”
“What happened?” Rowan asked.  
“I don’t know. I guess it was just like maybe using a muscle you don’t normally use. I just overdid it - just not used to it.” 
“Do you feel okay right now?”  Rowan asked.
“Yeah, I’m good,” she said. She also sent out a thought to Devon.  I’m okay, but please stay close to me; I feel stronger when you are touching me. 
I’m not leaving you – ever – I promise, he said to her with his mind.  
Blake said as he sat down, “She’s amazing…she put up a wall I don’t think an elephant could have charged through.  I asked her to try to extend it, to make her bubble bigger to include more than just herself, but I think it just was just too much, too soon.  I’m so sorry, Darby.”
“Please, Blake. Don’t be sorry.  We need to know where we stand – what I’m capable of, and it worked. I feel now, that if I have to, I can protect all of you.”
“But at what cost?” Devon argued.
“Oh, come on, Devon.  If I can keep all four of us out of harm’s way for a few minutes and all that it costs is that I pass out for a couple of minutes? Well, I think it’s worth it. I was in no danger, just a little exhausted.  With practice, it will get better.”
“I guess, as long as you were in no danger,” said Devon.
“That’s right…okay, Rowan, you are up!  Are we ready?” Darby said.
“I think so. The sun has gone down, so I think now would be a good time to start.  I think we should try for the summoning first,” Rowan said.
Rowan handed the pink candle to Blake along with a small pocketknife.  “I need you to carve your father’s name into the candle for me.”
“Okay,” Blake replied.
Rowan handed the other three white candles and two small pocketknives to Darby and Devon. “I need you two to carve ‘spiritual realm’ into the white candles.”
“No problem,” Darby said, handing one candle and a knife to Devon.
Harry decided too much fun was being had without him, plus those candles looked like they might be fun to roll off the table.  He settled in on the couch next to Darby and watched everyone working together.
After that, Rowan anointed all the candlesticks in sandalwood oil and rolled them in lavender.  She lit a piece of charcoal and placed it in a bowl with some rosemary incense.  The four candles were placed in a circle on the coffee table.  
Rowan asked, “Do you have the personal object or picture of your father?”
Devon pulled a picture out of his back pocket and handed it to Rowan who set it in the middle of the table and lit the pink candle.
She said, “Here shines Nathaniel Bloomington before me, in divine glory bathed in an aura of love.  I request your presence in the here and now for we seek to communicate with you.”
Then she lit the three white candles around the pink candle in the form of a triangle, with one on top and two below. She continued:
 
“Power of witches’ rise
Course unseen across the skies
Come to us, who call you near
Come to us and settle here
Blood to blood, I summon thee
Blood to blood, return to me
Nathaniel Bloomington, your sons do seek
To stop the havoc Terrence Paine now wreaks.”

All four of them concentrated on the picture of Nathaniel Bloomington.  After a few minutes the candles flickered and there in front of them, above the four candles on the coffee table, they saw a distortion that quickly grew stronger and brighter. After a second or two, a face appeared amongst the fog that hovered above them.
Rowan nodded at Devon.
“Dad? It’s Devon. Blake is here too. Can you hear us?”
The face in the fog seemed to get clearer and nodded towards Devon.
“Dad?  Terrence Paine is,” Devon paused, “is trying to kill us.”
Blake interrupted, ”Dad, he nearly killed Devon two nights ago.”
The fog stirred and seemed agitated.
“Dad,” Devon said, “Can you tell us why he is trying to kill us? Why he killed you and mom?”
“Is there some way we can stop him?” Blake added.
The apparition hovered and stirred.  Then it seemed to become more distinct.  Slowly, a very handsome man with his sons’ smile appeared from the fog.  He looked at Devon and then turned to Blake. The pride in his eyes was endless. 
“My boys - such strong men you have become. Your mother and I have missed you both so much.  We are so proud of you both.”
“Dad, I don’t know how much time we have.  We need to talk to you about Terrence Paine.  Why is he trying to kill us?  Is there anything we can do?  Is there anything you can tell us?” Devon said.
“Terrence Paine was an aristocrat I had worked with in Maine in the 1950s.  He and his wife had a son who was born with a congenital heart defect.  He was told the boy would die before his thirteenth birthday.  At the time, medically, there was nothing much that could be done.  He somehow came to know that I was a vampire – I’m not sure how?  He came to me and begged me to turn his son, but I explained to him that given his son’s declining health, that the transformation itself would most definitely kill the boy. Not to mention that turning a human was not an exact science – many things could go wrong. There was the added difficulty that I had never turned a human and wasn’t sure exactly how to do it.  I also explained to him that the boy he knew would not necessarily be the boy he would become. I knew Terrence could not handle a young made-vampire.  I felt I would be dooming him to his own death.  I had to refuse him and he did not take it well. 
“He went mad with a fury I’ve never seen among men.  A year later his son died and the night after they lay him in his grave, Terrence Paine showed up on our doorstep once more.  You and your brother were, thankfully, away visiting your Uncle Dominic in Connecticut when he came.  Catching us off guard, he staked me in the chest, leaving me paralyzed from the wood, and he whispered in my ear that he would find and kill you boys, as I had surely killed his, then beheaded me before I was able to warn your mother.  Terrence Paine found her in bed and beheaded her in her sleep. 
“Now you say he has attempted to kill Devon? I’m so sorry, boys.  I always had hoped after killing your mother and me, that his revenge would have been quenched.  Apparently, I underestimated the man’s capacity for vengeance.”
“It’s not your fault, Dad. You had no way of knowing what he would do!  Can you think of any way we can defeat him?  A weakness? Information? Something we can use against him? Anything you can remember that might help?” Devon said.
“I’m sorry, boys, I barely knew the man.  I wish I could help more,” he said with great disappointment.
“It’s all right,” Devon said. “You’ve told us a lot more than we knew this morning.  We do have some assets in these two beautiful sister witches.  I can’t speak for Blake, but I would like you to meet someone who has become my whole life in just a matter of days and I hope to be lucky enough to spend the rest of my life with her.  Dad, this is Darby O’Rielly.” He bent down to take Darby’s hand to stand her beside him.
Nathaniel bowed towards Darby and smiled.
Blake stood up at that and said, “And Dad, this is Rowan O’Rielly. She’s become very important to me. They’re very powerful witches, both in their own special ways and we hope that with their powers and our strength, we can overthrow Terrence Paine and his thugs.”
Nathaniel turned towards Rowan and bowed a greeting to her. “I’m honored to meet you, Darby and Rowan.  I can sense that you both care for my boys almost as much as their mother and I do.  They are lucky indeed.  I wish, though, that you hadn’t been drawn into this mess with Mr. Paine.”
Darby spoke, “The honor is ours, sir!” She looked at Rowan and back at Mr. Bloomington.  “I think I speak for my sister as well, in saying we feel truly blessed to have found these two gentle and kind souls in your sons.  Both are very different from the other, but both are loving and honorable, just the same. It reflects a great compliment to you and your wife, in who you both are and how you raised your sons.  They are gifts we both treasure and thanks can only be given to you, their parents, so thank you, Mr. Bloomington and please extend our thanks to your wife!” She bowed her head to him and Rowan did the same.
“My wife, Abby, would have adored you two.  Boys, take heed. Don’t ever take these two for granted. You don’t find beautiful girls as these just anywhere.  Cherish them.  A wonderful woman by your side for all eternity is all a man can ever hope for, and these two are beyond extraordinary.  Take care of each other and be good to each other and don’t let these girls slip through your hands.”
And with that, the handsome man with the sunshine smile that matched those of his boys, started to disappear and as he did, the four candles blew out.  They all sat there quiet for a moment.  Blake and Devon, with their arms around their beautiful witches, thought hard on the words their departed father had sent them.  They felt sad to see him go, almost mourning him again in his absence, but knowing that without these two lovely girls, they would not have had these treasured words with their father.  What a gift they had received.  With all their strength, speed, and ability to heal, none of these gifts offered them this most priceless of gifts, the wisdom and presence of their father.  Their father was right; these two enchanting women should always be treasured.
Devon turned to Rowan and said, “Thank you so much, Rowan. Speaking to him after all this time was the greatest gift, I think, you could have ever given us.”
Blake, too, turned to her and kissed her hard and said, “Really and truly, thank you.  You are amazing!”
She blushed for just a second and said, “The pleasure was mine.  I now see where you both get your good looks and that devilish smile.”
Darby laughed and looked at her sister as she hugged Devon.  She mouthed to her sister thank you.
Rowan nodded and mouthed love you.
Darby focused and thought hard towards her sister and thought, Love you too, Rowan!
By the look on her sister’s face, Darby could tell Rowan had heard it. Rowan smiled and said, “That is cool. Blake, you’ve got to teach me that!”
The guys looked at her, confused for a moment, and then laughed.
“Well, I guess there is no need to go to Ireland.  I can’t imagine there’s anything there that your father hasn’t already conveyed to us,” Darby said.
“Definitely, but aside from knowing why, we still don’t know what’s the best way to stop all of this,” Devon said.
Rowan said, “Well, I hate to say it, but someone that angry and so far over the deep end is probably not going to be up for a little sit down to talk this through.”
“I suppose not, which means that the only way to stop him is to do it permanently,” Devon said. 
They all grimaced at that thought. “But we don’t know if there is anyone else involved,” Darby said. 
“What do you mean?” Blake asked.
“Is there anyone else that Paine is working with?  I mean, is Paine the top of the ladder, so to speak, or is there someone higher?” she said.
“For as personal as this is, I would expect it is confined to just Paine and his thugs.  The only reason Paine would tell anyone about this is if he had a different agenda, say fame, for catching a vampire.  If that had been the case, then why wouldn’t he and his acquired army have found us years ago?  No, I think he has limited resources in his thugs’ ability to track us.  We’ve traveled quite a bit since our parents died and I think now that we have settled, he is just catching up,” Devon said.
“That makes sense to me,” Rowan said. “If this was a bigger plan, with more people involved, it would be more organized and they would have caught up with you quicker.”
“Well, I guess that is a good thing,” Devon said.
“Sure it is.  I think if we take out Paine, this will all go away.  The thugs have no beef against you and your brother.  If their paycheck goes away, then they just move on to the next crazy guy,” said Rowan.
“Then I think the best way to take care of Paine is to go to him.  He’d never expect us to go to him. He just thinks we’ll continue to run from his thugs,” Devon said.
“Right, and while his thugs are here looking for us, we will be in Maine taking care of Paine,” Blake chimed in.
“So is there any way we do this without taking him out, so to speak?” asked Darby.
“I doubt it would do any good, but it couldn’t hurt could it? If we trapped him somehow, tied him up, and explained what would have happened to his son if your father had changed him, maybe he would understand.  At least that way we could say that we tried to reason with him before we took him out.  Having lost our parents and you yours, it’s just, well, life is precious, no matter who or what you are,” Rowan said.
“I think it’s worth a shot,” Blake answered.
“I agree,” Darby replied.
“I don’t think it could hurt anything to try,” Rowan said.
“Okay, then we’re agreed,” Darby concluded.


Chapter 11

 “I think we still have a couple of things to do before we call it a night.  I’d like to enchant Harry,” Rowan said. ”Blake, can you bring the lighter along with the green, blue, yellow, and red candles to the back yard?  Darby, could you go get Harry and bring him outside?”
“Sure.”
Rowan went into the backyard. She set an altar cloth on the grass and said, “Blake, the green one goes here to the North to represent the Earth. Great.  The yellow one goes here to the East and represents Air.  Perfect.  The red one goes here to the South and represents Fire, and the blue one goes there to the West and represents Water. Thank you, Sweetie.”
Rowan, with her athame in one hand and a lighter in the other, entered the circle made by the candles. She then drew a large circle around the candles in the dirt with her athame and entered the circle near the yellow candle due East.  She said, “Let it be known that the circle is about to be cast.  All who enter the circle may do so in perfect love and perfect trust.” 
Darby instructed the guys to stand outside the circle with her.  Rowan continued moving clockwise around the circle, carrying the lighter.  At the yellow candle she stopped and lit it and said: “Guardians of the East, I call upon you to watch over the rites of the O’Rielly Coven.  Powers of knowledge and wisdom, guided by Air, we ask that you keep watch over us tonight within this circle.  Let all who enter the circle under your guidance do so in perfect love and perfect trust.”
Rowan moved to the red candle to the South, and lit the candle. She said, “Guardians of the South, I call upon you to watch over the rites of the O’Rielly Coven.  Powers of energy and will, guided by Fire, we ask that you keep watch over us tonight within this circle.  Let all who enter the circle under your guidance do so in perfect love and perfect trust.”
She moved to the blue candle to the West, and lit the candle. She said, “Guardians of the West, I call upon you to watch over the rites of the O’Rielly Coven.  Powers of passion and emotion, guided by Water, we ask that you keep watch over us tonight within this circle.  Let all who enter the circle under your guidance do so in perfect love and perfect trust.”
Then she moved to the green candle to the North, and lit the candle. She said, “Guardians of the North, I call upon you to watch over the rites of the O’Rielly Coven.  Powers of endurance and strength, guided by Earth, we ask that you keep watch over us tonight within this circle.  Let all who enter the circle under your guidance do so in perfect love and perfect trust.”
Rowan turned towards Darby who whispered to the boys, “Do and say as I do and follow me.” Darby entered the circle with Harry in her arms and a yellow candle in her hand. Rowan asked her, “How do you enter the circle?” 
Darby answered, “In perfect love and perfect trust.” Rowan nodded to her. Then Blake entered the circle.
Rowan asked him, “How do you enter the circle?”
Blake answered, “In perfect love and perfect trust.” Rowan nodded to him and Devon entered the circle. 
Rowan asked him, “How do you enter the circle?”
Devon answered, “In perfect love and perfect trust.” 
Rowan nodded to him and closed the circle drawn on the ground with her athame.  She turned to them and nodded and Darby motioned they should all sit down in a circle. Darby then handed the yellow candle to Rowan.  She lit the candle and set it in front of her.  With Harry in Darby’s lap facing Rowan, Rowan said:
 
“I call upon the power of Athena
The Goddess of Knowledge and Wisdom
Give us the power I do beseech
Teach this feline the gift of speech
Give to Harry a voice loud and clear
One that only we four can hear
This spell we cast will only last
until the full moon’s crest has passed.
Then at peace
his voice released.
Three times three, so mote it be
Three times three, so mote it be
Three times three, so mote it be.”

She leaned forward, picked up Harry, gave him a big hug, and said, “Thanks be to Athena.”
Next she tapped Harry on the head three times between the ears and said: 

“Tail of rat,
Wing of bat,
Harry the cat
Will now chit chat!”

Rowan continued, “Harry, we need your help.  There are some strangers in the neighborhood, maybe snooping around Blake and Devon’s house next door.  We need your invisibility and stealth to keep us alerted to danger.  These men are here to kill Blake and Devon and we can’t have that, can we?”  She pet Harry’s chin and he purred in agreement. “If you see anything that you think is unusual or out of the ordinary, we would like you to alert us, tell us something is not right or danger is near.  Can you do that for us?” she asked. Harry purred.
Devon could have sworn he heard a Yes and looked with a puzzled expression at his brother to see if he had heard it too.  Surprisingly, Blake turned to him as if asking the same thing.  The girls smiled. 
“Thank you, Harry, for your added power to our coven and your gracious help,” Rowan said.  Rowan handed Harry back to Darby and made a slashing motion at the edge of the drawn circle in a makeshift door.  She exited the circle and one by one they all followed. Darby set Harry down and gave him some extra pets on the chin. He scampered away to the kitchen.
Rowan blew out the candles and brought everything back into the house and they all sat down on the couches in the living room in silence. 
Darby said, “Anybody hungry?  How about some pizza? I’m starved.”  With all the excitement they hadn’t realized they barely ate all day.  Everybody seemed to answer at once so Darby grabbed the phone and called for delivery.  While they were waiting, Devon got on the laptop and checked on flight times for all of them to go to Maine in the morning.
Darby announced, “Okay, pizzas will be here in about thirty minutes.  In the meantime, do we know where specifically we are going in Maine?”  
Devon answered Darby as she sat down next to him on the couch and put her head on his shoulder. “Not really, but Dad said Paine was an aristocrat or from a well established family, so a Google search on the name should give us a few hits for a family home.”
Devon went to the airlines site and found a couple of possibilities. After some debate on whether to take a red-eye flight or a morning flight it, Devon was out-voted three to one for the morning flight. He also booked a hotel and reserved a car with a few keystrokes and the input of a credit card. 
Next he did a Google search for Terrence Paine and found a hit for him in Cape Cottage, a few miles south of Portland on the Casco Bay. There was a huge home there the Paines had lived in for generations.  “Well, that should be easy enough to find.” 
Darby stood up and said, “I’m going to call Allison and see if she can take over this week and also if she can check in on Harry. Devon, can you take care of the pizza guy if he comes while I’m talking?”
“Sure – no problem.”
Rowan got up and said to Blake, “I think I forgot something out in the backyard.” 
Darby sat on the bed and dialed Allison.  She thought she heard an odd sound out back and all of sudden a black and white streak went shooting by on the floor, making quite a thumping sound, along with just about tearing the kitty door off the back door.  Darby froze – Danger was the word that jumped into her brain; she dropped the phone as she heard the doorbell ring and someone knocked.  She ran for the hallway as Devon started to open the door.  As the door opened, he turned back to see Darby in a panic running down the hallway, saying ‘Danger’ with her mind.
Nothing registered. Devon looked down just in time to see the fur ball go flying out the front door.  The word Danger popped into his mind and then as Blake was standing up, Devon realized just what Darby was saying.  It made sense all of a sudden and he crouched into a position a panther might take if danger were to knock at his front door.
The door swung all the way open to reveal a nervous, teenage boy with terrible acne, about to drop the pizza boxes in his hands.  He said, “Pizza?” while nervously looking at Devon.  There was no doubt he was a real pizza guy. He had a goofy looking pizza on his hat that wiggled to and fro on a wire like a halo.  Devon relaxed out of his panther stance and stood up.  A bit embarrassed, Devon pulled out his wallet and paid the kid, tipping him very well.  The kid looked at him as if he were a Klingon from Star Trek, but he took the money, handed over the pizzas, and turned to leave, shaking his head in disbelief, the pizza on his hat wobbling back and forth.
Devon looked at Darby, Darby looked at him, and Blake broke the silence with, “What the heck was that all about?” 
“I don’t know, but it was very clear when Harry went shooting down the hall that he was trying to relay some kind of danger.” 
Blake agreed, “Yeah, that’s what I saw too.” 
Devon nodded. 
Darby asked, “Where’s Rowan?”
Blake answered, “She said she thought she had left something in the backyard earlier.” 
Darby’s eyes widened. “That’s the direction Harry was coming from when he came shooting through the back kitty door.”  Before she could finish what she was saying, Blake’s six foot four inch profile blurred past her inhumanly fast.  Devon was right behind him and Darby brought up the rear.  They looked around the backyard, but there was nothing to see. No Rowan. 
Darby said, “Devon, check the front yard, Blake check next door, I’ll check the garage.”  The guys were gone like lightning.   Darby called out for Rowan as she looked in the garage to find nothing but their cars.  She turned around and headed back to the back yard and she saw something that sparkled on the ground.  It was her mother’s silver charm bracelet.  It never left Rowan’s wrist and the clasp was bent backward like it had been pulled off with great force.  She held it in her hand and tried to focus.  She tried to concentrate on Rowan, her long, pretty, wavy, blonde hair and eyes so blue they reminded her of the Caribbean sea.  There was nothing. She couldn’t see Rowan. She couldn’t feel Rowan – what was wrong?  Was she unconscious?  Where was she?
Tears started to well up in her eyes when Devon returned.  He said, “I ran for a couple of blocks in all directions, and there is no sign of her.  Can you sense her, like when you were little girls and she fell out of the tree? Can you see where she is?”   She shook her head. That was when the tears came and she held out the bracelet. 
Devon asked, “Is it hers?” She nodded and put her head to his chest and burst into tears.  “Oh my God, Devon, what’s happened to her?”  He held her close and didn’t know what to say. 
“I don’t know, Love, but I swear, we will find her, somehow.” 
“What good are these stupid powers if I can’t keep my little sister safe?” she cried.  He stroked her hair with one hand, and held her close with the other. That’s when he saw Blake come around the corner, looking like the wind had been knocked out of him.  His face was white and his eyes were tearing as he handed a piece of plain computer paper over to them.  In what looked like chicken scratch the letter read: 
We’ve got your little blonde neighbor.  If you ever want to see her alive again, I suggest you turn yourselves over to us peacefully. Paine.
“Oh no,” Darby said.  She released Devon and ran to Blake and tried to comfort him.  He looked lost, helpless, and scared.  Darby felt the same, but she felt, too, that she needed to be the big sister for him.  So she held him and he seemed to be appreciative of this.  With her head on his chest, she looked at Devon and thought to him – What do we do, Devon? What do we do?
“We give them what they want,” Devon said.

###

I hope you have enjoyed this Freebie. If you would like to read the rest of Blood of a Werewolf to find out what happens to Rowan, it can be purchased at most bookstores. Blood of a Werewolf is the first book of the Blood Series, which includes four other titles. The Bloomington brothers and the O'Rielly sisters make many friends along their way through the series. Join the fun! 


