Table of Contents
Table of Contents	1
Two Days Ago: Evana 	11
30 November: Aysa 	17
1 December: Westrey 	23
1 December: Cassatia 	30
2 December: Roery 	34
2 December: Keira 	38
3 December: Cassatia 	42
3 December: Freya 	49
3 December: Westrey 	54
4 December: Aysa 	58
4 December: Norah 	60
Eight Months Ago: Norah 	63
5 December: Cassatia 	66
Eight Months Ago: Norah 	74
5 December: Norah 	79
Eight Months Ago: Norah 	82
5 December: Freya 	92
6 December: Aysa 	95
6 December: Cassatia 	100
6 December: Keira 	103
6 December: Cassatia 	107
7 December: Freya 	112
7 December: Aysa 	117
7 December: Norah 	119
7 December: Keira 	124
7 December: Norah 	131
8 December: Westrey 	135
8 December: Keira 	138
8 December: Cassatia 	144
10 December: Roery 	146
12 December: Aysa 	150
12 December: Cassatia 	153
12 December: Roery 	156
13 December: Keira 	159
13 December: Roery 	161
15 December: Freya 	165
16 December: Norah 	170
16 December: Aysa 	174
16 December: Keira 	177
17 December: Roery 	179
17 December: Cassatia 	182
18 December: Norah 	187
18 December: Westrey 	190
18 December: Keira 	193
18 December: Aysa 	205
18 December: Roery 	209
18 December: Keira 	213
18 December: Aysa 	215
20 December: Westrey 	219
22 December: Freya 	225
22 December: Keira 	228
22 December: Westrey 	231
23 December: Cassatia 	233
23 December: Roery 	237
23 December: Norah 	239
23 December: Cassatia 	243
23 December: Freya 	245
23 December: Westrey 	246
23 December: Keira 	249
23 December: Cassatia 	252
23 December: Westrey 	255
23 December: Keira 	256
23 December: Cassatia 	258
23 December: Keira 	260
23 December: Westrey 	265
23 December: Aysa 	267
23 December: Keira 	269
28 December: Freya 	272
29 December: Norah 	276
1 January: Cassatia 	278




 
Copyright © 2021 Lyssa Morasey 
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the author except for the use of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. 
ISBN: 979-8713891077 
Cover art by Domiziana De Sabata (TiaBlackRaven). 
Printed by Amazon, Inc; first printed in 2021. 


 
CONTENTS 
Prologue - Two Days Ago: Evana 
30 November: Aysa 
1 December: Westrey 
1 December: Cassatia 
2 December: Roery 
2 December: Keira 
3 December: Cassatia 
3 December: Freya 
3 December: Westrey 
4 December: Aysa 
4 December: Norah 
Eight Months Ago: Norah 
5 December: Cassatia 
Eight Months Ago: Norah 
5 December: Norah 
Eight Months Ago: Norah 
5 December: Freya 
6 December: Aysa 
6 December: Cassatia 
6 December: Keira 
6 December: Cassatia 
7 December: Freya 
7 December: Aysa 
7 December: Norah 
7 December: Keira 
7 December: Norah 
8 December: Westrey 
8 December: Keira 
8 December: Cassatia 
10 December: Roery 
12 December: Aysa 
12 December: Cassatia 
12 December: Roery 
13 December: Keira 
13 December: Roery 
15 December: Freya 
16 December: Norah 
16 December: Aysa 
16 December: Keira 
17 December: Roery 
17 December: Cassatia 
18 December: Norah 
18 December: Westrey 
18 December: Keira 
18 December: Aysa 
18 December: Roery 
18 December: Keira 
18 December: Aysa 
20 December: Westrey 
22 December: Freya 
22 December: Keira 
22 December: Westrey 
23 December: Cassatia 
23 December: Roery 
23 December: Norah 
23 December: Cassatia 
23 December: Freya 
23 December: Westrey 
23 December: Keira 
23 December: Cassatia 
23 December: Westrey 
23 December: Keira 
23 December: Cassatia 
23 December: Keira 
23 December: Westrey 
23 December: Aysa 
23 December: Keira 
28 December: Freya 
29 December: Norah 
1 January: Cassatia 




 
  

Prologue 
Two Days Ago: Evana 
Evana stepped out onto the balcony above the castle’s front entrance, a silver shawl wrapped tightly around her shoulders. A massive crowd was gathered on the snowy terrain beneath her, stretching away in all directions: native New Fauskians and refugees from Svalbard, Nixans and shifters alike, their distinct auras mingling together underneath the weak winter sun. Evana smiled down at them, a true, genuine smile—these were her people now, hers and hers alone. 
The day before, she had suffered one of the first setbacks to plague her in her quest. The princess Cassatia, who by law should now sit on the throne of Nixa’s kingdom, had escaped from her grasp with the help of some of her friends. Kesnu, Evana’s teleporter, had suffered significant injuries from the attack of Cassatia’s shifter pet, but Evana herself had managed to get away unscathed. It had left her quite shaken up, to be sure, and worried for Kesnu’s health; but the castle healers had assured her they would take care of him, and Evana had plenty of time to finish off the false princess. For now, all she had to do was ensure that the Nixan people did not support Cassatia’s claim to the throne—and given Cass’s recent actions, she didn’t think that would be too difficult to pull off. 
“I wish a blessed day to all of you gathered here,” Evana said to the crowd, her voice strengthened and amplified by the Old Magic she wielded. She felt the ice-glass warm within the muscles of her neck. “Today, the great people of New Fauske and our guests from Svalbard City stand together in solidarity against the evils that have recently struck our people. I have called all of you here after a long day of prayer in our Great Temple to share the guidance I have received from our holy Goddess on the path we must take forward.” 
She looked back through the doors from which she’d emerged and nodded; Aren Loraveire, son of the late Duke Fenris, stepped out to join her on the balcony, standing faithfully at Evana’s shoulder. 
“Aren has dutifully assumed his father’s title as duke of the Western Province of our kingdom,” Evana continued. “But the tragic end of our royal bloodline has left the fate of our kingship in question. I have been praying to the Goddess for an answer to this problem, and at long last she has provided me with one.” 
Evana unwrapped her shawl and let it flutter to the ground, revealing the round bulge of her stomach, no longer concealed by Old Magic. She placed her hands gently against it, hearing a collective gasp go up from among the crowd. Aren glanced at her with wide eyes. 
Evana’s smile grew. “Nixa, in her wisdom, has granted me a son. She has tasked me with the solemn duty of raising him in her holy image to become our next king, and ruling in his stead until he comes of age. He will be called Anakei, after our people’s first king, and he will bring into this world a new royal bloodline that shall rule our people for many generations to come.” 
A thunderous cheer rose up beneath her, interspersed with rhythmic chants of “Avtalte!” and the praising of Nixa. Evana closed her eyes and basked in it, just for a moment. Her baby, hers and Fenris’s. She’d only just found out that her child would be a boy, having gone to see a Sen doctor undercover mere days ago. She’d been hoping for a girl—girls were smarter, she knew, and less distracted by their own cravings—but she would raise her son right, teach him how to rule wisely. Unlike the Heilagurs and the Loraveires, he would not take the privilege of his birthright for granted. 
“I have some more good news to share today.” Evana turned back again and gestured; this time a large avian man dressed in blue stepped outside with his wings outstretched, eliciting another round of shocked gasps from the crowd. “As you know all too well, Svalbard City was attacked by an army of avians acting in collusion with our Warden enemies. I have been inquiring into the matter to learn more about these avians, and my sources have informed me that these hate-filled infidels have named themselves the Blood Avians. They have been driven to violence by greed and Warden corruption, and they have declared themselves the enemies of all who serve our holy Goddess.” Yells and shouts of anger rang out from below. 
Evana took the muscled arm of the avian man, drawing him forward. “But not all members of the avian order mean to do us harm. Fyrie here is the leader of a powerful avian clan—he has united the virtuous clans against the Blood Avians and joined our faith. He and his followers are the Blue Avians, and they will stand with us to combat the sins of our enemies and reclaim our sacred capital of Svalbard.” Evana could take back the capital any time she wished with just a word to Fyrie; she planned to wait a while, though, since she did not intend to leave New Fauske anytime soon. “Together, we are strong enough to take down those who wish us harm, the Wardens and all who work with them, and usher in a new era of peace and holiness in Nixa’s name.” 
Cries of “Avtalte!” consumed the crowd once again. Evana waited and smiled down at her subjects for another few minutes before waving her goodbyes and retreating with Aren and Fyrie back inside. Two Sentries shut the balcony doors behind them, muffling the rapturous noise. 
Caphian, Asreil and Thea, the three highest-ranked Sentries in New Fauske, came up to meet them, dipping their heads respectfully to the young duke. Evana’s skin prickled. She needed to make it more clear who held the power within the castle walls. 
“I trust that the Nixan we discussed has been taken into custody, as per my instructions?” she asked Caphian. 
The Sentry commander nodded. “Espen has been apprehended and taken to a detention cell. I have ordered my men to keep a close eye on him until interrogations begin.” 
Evana raised her eyebrows. She had no desire for Caphian and his Sentries to interrogate Espen—she knew that would only lead to him telling the Sentries all about her plot to kill Duke Fenris. “Fyrie’s men will ensure we get all the information we need from him. I’ll have him install his men in place of yours.” Fyrie nodded his assent; Caphian’s lips went taut. 
Evana laid a hand on Duke Aren’s shoulder. “Young Aren’s weakness the other day regarding our Warden and Shade infiltrators is something I find to be of great concern. His lack of experience governing a duchy is understandable, but a fact that must be accounted for.” She nodded to Asreil, Caphian’s lieutenant. “I would like for you to escort the duke back to his room and detain him there under supervision. He must learn how to rule before he is allowed to make any more critical decisions for our people.” 
Aren stepped away from her, open-mouthed. Asreil squared his shoulders. “You wish for me to take our duke into custody?” 
“That’s not what I said,” Evana answered patiently, like a mother speaking to a child. “I simply want Aren removed from a position in which he is in danger of compromising our work here.” 
“With respect, High Priestess, Aren Loraveire holds all authority in this province,” Caphian said. “We serve him, not you—if the orders you give us are against his wishes, we cannot carry them out.” 
Evana sighed. She found it hard to understand how Caphian, a reasonably intelligent grown man, could prioritize the desires of a thirteen-year-old over those of a High Priestess. Blood and name meant everything here; the family Aren was born into mattered more than the decades of work Evana had put in to get to where she now was. She couldn’t wait for that to change. 
Once again she turned to Asreil. “Will you escort the duke to his room, Lieutenant?” 
With a quick glance to Caphian, Asreil shook his head. “Unless the duke orders me to do so himself, I will not.” 
Evana gestured to Fyrie; with one swift motion, he pulled a handgun from his belt and shot Asreil squarely in the center of his forehead. The Sentry lieutenant dropped to his knees, then fell face-first against the floor, dead without a single sound. 
Aren gasped. Caphian and Thea both stepped back, their gazes wide and panicked as they took in their fallen friend. Fyrie left Evana’s side, stepping cleanly over his kill, and returned with two more avians at his shoulders. 
“Take the boy to his room and keep watch outside his doors until I relieve you,” he ordered the avians. They nodded and grabbed the stunned Aren by the arms, leading him away. 
“Right.” Evana cleared her throat. “Caphian, call in some of the shifter servants to deal with Asreil. I have business I must attend to.” And she left the Sentries alone with the lieutenant’s body, Fyrie following at her heels. Unlike the Sentry leaders, Fyrie was loyal to her unconditionally—she had made sure of that. 
The two of them went downstairs to the castle infirmary, where healers were tending to injured Nixans and shifters scattered among the rows of beds. Many of them were refugees from Svalbard, having received their injuries from the avian attack that felled their city. Kesnu’s bed was just beside the infirmary doors; Laena the jnani and a healer were seated at his side. Evana and Fyrie headed over. 
Laena rose from her seat and offered it to Evana, but she waved away the gesture. Laena was also loyal to her unconditionally, thanks to the vrata Evana had made her swear. She’d not yet introduced the jnani to the public—she was waiting to see if she could gain support from the rest of the jnani first. 
“How is he?” Evana asked the healer. 
“Much better,” the man replied. “The healers attending to him previously fixed up all but some minor cuts and bruises. We made him our first priority, as you requested. He needs to rest for another couple days, but he’ll make a full recovery.” 
“Good,” Evana said, letting out a relieved sigh. “Can you give me a moment alone with him?” 
“Of course.” The healer stood quickly and scampered away, more than happy to be relieved of his duty watching over the strange non-Nixan child Evana had dragged in. She’d specifically forbidden the healers from asking any questions about him; only her subordinate priests knew the truth about Kesnu, and Evana wished to keep it that way. 
Kesnu turned his head slowly to meet her eyes. “Hello, mistress.” 
Evana smiled at him, stroking a hand tenderly across his forehead. She’d been working with Kesnu for years, laboring to win his favor and devotion piece by piece, and over time she’d grown fond of the boy against her better judgment. He was the closest thing she’d had to a son until she become pregnant with her own. “I’m glad you’re okay, Kesnu. I was quite worried after I saw what that shifter girl did to you. I wasn’t sure you were going to make it.” 
Kesnu grinned. “It’ll take more than that to get rid of me, mistress.” 
“Thank Nixa for that.” Evana squeezed his upper arm. “You need to rest now, and get yourself all healed up. I’ll have another job for you soon, a dangerous one that you’ll need all your strength for.” 
The teleporter boy nodded. “I’ll be strong enough to teleport in a few days, I promise. I won’t let you down, Evana.” 
“You never have, Kesnu.” Hesitantly, Evana brushed a kiss against his cheek, giving his arm another squeeze. “We’ll let you get some sleep now.” She motioned for Laena to stand, and she and Fyrie followed her out of the infirmary, leaving the healer to return to his post by Kesnu’s bed. 
“Where are we going, my lady?” Laena asked. 
“I need to consult with my priests and the councilmen,” Evana replied. “We need to start making preparations for battle.” 
There was one final thing that Evana needed to do to secure her future on the throne and get her named inked into Nixan history. One final thing she’d do in front of all her people, something that no king or queen had accomplished in two thousand years. 
She was going to put an end to Nixa’s War. 


 
30 November: Aysa 
“Aysa.” The name cuts through my dreams and pulls my consciousness to the surface like a hook snagging a fish. “Aysa, you have to get up.” 
I open my eyes to find Shazi hovering over my bed, her thoughts shrouded in grief and worry. She’s already prepared herself; her hair has been tied neatly back and she’s wearing a dress the same color as the ajna-stone on her forehead. 
“It’s almost dawn,” Shazi tells me. “It’s time to bury him.” 
I swallow, placing a hand against her cheek and feeling the sticky moisture of dried tears there. It’s a sensation I’ve gotten used to feeling over the past few days, both on my own skin and that of my family. 
“Thank you, Shazi,” I say, trying my best to send her a bit of love with the thought. “Give me a few minutes to get ready, okay?” Shazi nods and leaves my room, closing the door gently behind her. 
Though it’s the last thing I want to do, I force myself out of bed and pull the string dangling above my head to turn on the overhead light. My bedraggled reflection meets my eyes in the full-length mirror across from me. 
I’ve never had a room to myself before. After Avi’s death, Raja had summoned the rest of my family from Delhi, Shazi and Rey and Kaia and Lanni, and given us each a room in one of the Rajashray dormitories for as long as we need. Cass and Keira are here, too, in rooms across from mine. Despite the privacy of a shut door, I feel the thoughts and feelings of all of them pressing up against my brain, anger and fear and despair all mixed together in a horrible stew of emotion. It makes me want to crawl back into bed again and give in to the comfort of sleep. 
But I can’t. Today is about honoring Avi, my best friend and brother dead at the hands of Evana the High Priestess. He died because of me, really, because I decided to stand with Cass and he followed my lead. Sending Avi off with the respect he deserves is the least I can do, regardless of the kind of thoughts that come with it. 
I close my eyes for just a second. For Avi, I say to myself. 
Swallowing, I move to brush out my hair and stick my ajna-stone onto my forehead with paste. Then I unroll the dark blue-purple sari I’d been given for this occasion and wrap it around my figure. I smear a bit of makeup onto my face to conceal the bags under my eyes and grab the candle I had decorated for Avi the night before, its surface covered in images of the things he liked and the people he loved. I’m not much of an artist, not like Shazi, but I’d done the best I could. 
Then, with a deep breath, I leave to confront the world waiting for me outside. 
❄❄❄ 
Avi lies outstretched on a wooden platform in a small clearing just outside of Rajashray, cushioned by a purple velvet cloth. Through the darkness, I can make out a deep, body-shaped hole waiting behind him. The wind is cool and gentle, the ground is damp with moss and dew, and I can smell the coming of dawn in the air. It’s not a bad final resting place, all things considered. 
A small crowd has gathered around him, everyone dressed in indigo with bent heads and lit candles in their hands. My family is here, of course, all but baby Lanni; even the twins Naka and Nara have been granted time off from their dheira training for this. Cass and Keira are present as well, wearing indigo though not holding candles, with Cass’s dog Rhody sitting quietly beside her. And behind them are a dozen jnani from Rajashray gathered to pay their respects—among them I recognize Bhasa, Avi’s old dheira teacher, and Raja himself, leader of all the jnani in the world. It’s a significant honor to have Raja at Avi’s funeral, but I can’t bring myself to feel too comforted by it. 
Slowly I approach Avi and light my candle with the flame of the large one beside his head. His body is still and serene, and he wears a layer sun necklace with the pendant resting over the dagger wound in his now-motionless chest. Closing my eyes to hold back my tears, I bend down and kiss his head, my lips brushing his cool, lifeless skin. 
“Goodbye, Avi,” I say to him, though I know he can no longer receive my thoughts; my mind hits a dark wall where his should be. “I will miss you, and I’ll always love you.” Feeling a surge of anger rise up in my chest, I add, “And I’ll make Evana sorry she ever dared to touch you.” 
Then I step back, wiping a disobedient tear from beneath my eye, and squeeze in between Rey and Shazi behind him. We wait a few more minutes for others to join us until light begins to color the horizon ahead. Then it’s time to start. 
I’m expected to lead this, I know—I’ve known Avi longer and better than anyone, and I’m the best choice to honor him. But here, weighed down by the cold, dark grief in myself and everyone gathered, I don’t know if I can go through with it. 
Rey and Shazi, sensing my hesitation, send me thoughts of encouragement. “It’s okay to be sad,” Shazi says. “You’re supposed to be sad. You can do this, Aysa.” 
I take a deep breath and nod, stepping forward and turning to face the little crowd. “Avi was my best friend,” I begin, “and truly my soulmate. I’d lived with him nearly all my life. I was raised with him, and I’ve raised others with him by my side. I don’t know how I’ll make it without him.” A wave of despair overcomes me; the jnani in the crowd bow their heads at the force of it. I take another breath, tightening my lips. “Avi always knew how to make people smile,” I say. “Whenever I was upset or scared, he was always sure to send good thoughts my way, even if he felt the same. He had a great, curious mind that anyone could lose themselves in. I am lucky to have had him in my life, as are all of you.” 
I turn to find the edge of the sun emerging over the horizon, eating at the darkness it finds in its way. It’s time for the burial. My heart clenching, I blow out the candle in my hands. “Rest in peace, Avi. May you never be forgotten.” The jnani behind me extinguish their candles as one, filling the air with the momentary tang of smoke. 
I step over to Avi, taking in his face one last time, then fold the velvet cloth over his body. Shazi and Rey come to my side, and together we lift the wooden platform on which he rests off of its legs and lower it into the freshly-dug hole. I clench my fists in the fabric of the cloth, then release Avi and stand up, shaking and feeling suddenly dizzy. 
A mound of fresh earth sits nearby with shovels waiting beside it; jnani and Cass and Keira move to pick up shovels and fling the earth into Avi’s hole. I should join them, really, but I don’t have the strength. Shazi and Rey wait beside me, the toddler Kaia coming over to latch onto Rey’s arm. Her simple thoughts are confused but vaguely sad—I wonder how much of this she understands. Kaia will not grow up to remember Avi, nor will Lanni; they’ll only know him from our memories. The thought of that makes me saddest of all. 
Rey turns to me and nods. “We’ll remember him for them, Aysa,” he says. “We have to.” 
❄❄❄ 
As we head back towards Rajashray, I walk up to Raja’s side. “That was very generous of you to come to Avi’s funeral,” I say. “Thank you.” 
Raja nods. “It’s always a tragedy when a young jnani dies. I knew a little of his mind, too. He had great potential; he could have made an excellent far-caster one day.” He shakes his head. “And the way in which he died, murdered by a Nixan inside Rajashray itself….” 
I meet Raja’s gaze. “We can’t let her get away with that.” 
Surprise fills Raja as he takes in my angry thoughts. “You want the jnani to help Cassatia take her down.” He purses his lips, trying to quell my anger with thoughts of peace. “We are pacifists, Aysa. We do not fight for anyone.” 
“But we can take sides.” I clench my fists. “Give Cass access to some of your far-casters. Evana is under a thought-block, but we can at least learn what’s going on with the people around her.” 
Raja’s eyebrows knit together. “I understand your anger, and I offer you my greatest sympathies for your friend’s death. But I have to think about what is best for our people. If I take sides, all the jnani will have to face the consequences.” 
“This is what’s best for our people,” I insist. “Cass will end the enslavement of jnani for the Sentry mind-link. Meanwhile, Evana has the jnani slave from her province wrapped around her finger. She swore a vrata to her, I’m sure.” 
“Your anger clouds your judgment, Aysa,” Raja says. “Based upon the knowledge of my far-casters, a great battle between the Nixans and Wardens is coming, whether or not your friend is involved. It’s in our best interest not to favor one side over the other, as it always has been.” He narrows his eyes at me. “Evana’s people have been trying to get me and my far-casters involved as well.” I blink at him, shocked. “I would never lend them assistance, of course; but I cannot do so for you either. I’m sorry, Aysa. If you want to help Cass, you’ll have to do it on your own.” 
Raja gives me a farewell nod and steps away, leaving me standing tight-lipped and angry and alone. 
❄❄❄ 
When we reach Rajashray, Shazi, Rey and the other jnani from Avi’s funeral head off away from me in every direction, sensing clearly from my thoughts that I want to be left alone. Cass and Keira, however, do not get the hint; they walk over as I take a seat against a mossy rock beside one of the creeks snaking through the buildings. 
What were you talking to Raja for? Cass asks, settling down next to me. Rhody hops up onto the rock and sprawls himself across it, panting. 
I clench my jaw. “He won’t help us with Evana.” 
Shock radiates from both Cass and Keira. You really asked him to? Keira wonders. 
I nod. “I thought he would. Evana coming into Rajashray without permission and killing a dheira should have been enough of an insult to get him involved. Especially since she came here wearing a thought-block maintained by a mind-link slave. But he refused to take sides; he told me he knows the Nixans and Wardens will fight soon, but he won’t even let us talk to his far-casters to figure out what’s going on.” 
Cass had been so angry with me for not knowing what had happened to the Nixan royals and her father before the far-casters did, convinced it meant that I didn’t truly care about her, but after Avi’s death her anger had dimmed considerably. Avi and I risked our lives to stand with Cass when Evana came to kill her, and Avi paid the price for it. If nothing else, we proved to Cass that we were concerned about more than just the welfare of other jnani. My words to her now are enough to replace the last dregs of her anger with gratitude. 
Cass takes my hands; Keira glances down, but is only a little surprised. You said that Raja won’t help us. Did you mean that—the us? 
“Of course I meant it,” I tell her. “I’ll do whatever I can to help you against Evana, with or without the backing of the rest of the jnani. For Avi—and for you.” The two of us lock gazes for a long moment free of words and thoughts. A smile slowly lifts Cass’s lips. 
Her hands slip from mine. Now I can sense the weight of expectation heavy on her mind. I know you’re not a far-caster, she says, but you are a dheira. Can you at least try to figure out some of what’s happening? 
I bite my cheek. Only a few days ago, I would have refused. Far-casting is hard and painful and even dangerous if done wrong. But now Avi is dead, and Cass is desperate and holding me captive with her gaze, and I feel a burning, irrational desire to do something. So I nod and close my eyes, swallowing back my fear and purging myself of thought to focus on the minds around me. 
Slowly I extend my cast-range, taking in the thoughts and feelings of more and more people further and further away. As my range extends, the minds I enter multiply and the thoughts in my head grow louder and more and more disheveled until I can no longer separate them from each other. But still I let my cast-range grow, taking in the happy and scared and angry thoughts of people all over the world, Novan and Sen alike. 
Then, when my cast-range has become so large I feel as if my head might explode, I begin to sift through the commotion to find what I’m looking for. The strongest feelings are the most prominent, pushing their way to the forefront of my mind; but I move past the deaths and marriage proposals and first kisses to get to the duller, most persistent feelings of determination and purpose. That’s where I’ll find what I’m looking for. 
I start diving into minds, sorting through choruses of jumbled thoughts for scraps of information I can use. I single out Novan minds and use each one’s connections to other Novan minds to better target my search. I find flashes of memories, orders obeyed and disobeyed, and in a great many of them, amidst the tangles of random otherness streaming past, I find one consistent, steady fact. 
“Aysa.” I feel hands clutching my face, cold and hard enough to rip me from the far-cast and bring me back to my own corporeal body, my own mind and senses. 
I open my eyes and blink through the swirl of colors until I can process what happened. I push myself up, realizing I’ve fallen back into the smooth pebbles lining the creek. Luckily I hadn’t hit my head against the hard rock that had been behind me; I should have planned a little better before I decided to open myself up to an entire world of thoughts. 
You passed out, Keira says. Worry gleams off both her and Cass. Are you okay? 
I nod, rubbing the back of my head. “I didn’t get much,” I tell them. “I don’t know how to search through billions of thoughts like a far-caster can. But I did learn something.” 
Cass leans forward, tense. What is it? she asks. 
“The Wardens are holding a convention,” I tell her. “In Rome.” 


 
1 December: Westrey 
“I love this city,” Freya declares, spinning in circles to take in the cobbled streets and red-roofed buildings around us. She has feathers braided through her hair, red and gold and orange, just like she always used to—it makes me wonder if the old, pre-imprisonment Freya is starting to come back. Then I catch sight of the long scar running down her neck, and I quickly turn away. 
Basil swings up to my side on his newly-acquired crutches. “The capital of the greatest empire the world has ever seen.” He sighs wistfully. “Those days must’ve been nice. Back when the Nixan War was just getting started, and we were winning.” 
“The Roman Wardens had no idea it would still be going on today,” I mutter. “A hundred generations of us later, and here we are.” 
“We should do some touristy things while we’re here,” Freya says, tugging Quincey along by the hand. “Go see the Colosseum and shit.” She points to the pretty Asian girl in our group, Norah the llyre. “We could go to Vatican City, too, Norah—are you actually Catholic, or do you just wear a rosary around for fun?” Norah fingers her beaded necklace with tight lips, but she doesn’t answer the question. 
“I just want to see my parents again,” Quincey murmurs. “You sure they’ll be here?” 
“They’ve got to be,” Freya tells him, running her fingers down his back. “Allies are invited, too—and Fenella knows you’re with us. She’s got to have let them come.” 
I turn back to Baz. “Do you miss your parents?” I ask him quietly. 
“Sort of,” he admits. “I mean, I do, but I also know my dad’s going to completely chew me out as soon as he gets his hands on me. And my mom will freak out over my leg.” 
“You haven’t been doing much freaking out over it yourself,” I say as I look down at the half-empty leg of his jeans. “Isn’t it weird?” 
“Very weird,” Baz confirms, grunting as he navigates his crutches over some loosened stones. “It still hurts—and I really don’t like all the pity stares the Senex we pass keep giving me. But I was about two minutes away from dying when Freya saved my ass, so losing half a leg doesn’t seem so bad in perspective.” 
“Fair point,” I say, glancing over my shoulder. Roery and Jordi are trailing behind the rest of our group, their heads pressed together as they share a cup of gelato. Roery wears a thick white coat to hide the giant wings he’s got pulled up against his back, and Jordi has on a purple NYU sweatshirt covered in drops of the strawberry goo that Roery’s flung at him. I’m not entirely sure if they’re supposed to be a couple or not. 
“It’s almost three,” Norah calls from up ahead of us, checking the time on her phone. “Isn’t that when we’re supposed to be there?” 
“Shit,” Freya says; “it is. Oops.” 
“Our first day in Rome, and we’re already screwing shit up,” says Baz. “Seems pretty in character for us, if you ask me.” 
❄❄❄ 
The seven of us take a pair of taxis into Rome’s business district, where the Ignacio Corporation World Headquarters are located—and, not coincidentally, the Wardens’ world headquarters as well. Just like in Boston, the Wardens do their real business underground, though unlike in Boston, where Ignacio’s building is wedged between two other equally-tall skyscrapers, the headquarters here make up their own complex, complete with a circle of office buildings, a fountain topped by a phoenix statue, and gardens of flame-colored flora. 
The taxis drop us off right in front of the fountain; we head into what we assume is the main Ignacio building from there, the tallest in the complex with more phoenix statues perched outside the doors. 
We enter the lobby through revolving doors to find a line of security guards waiting for us, arms folded neatly behind their backs. They blink at us expectantly, not budging from their positions. 
I clear my throat, stepping forward. “We’re here for the convention, at Fenella Shirey’s invitation.” I pull out my phone to show one of the guards the convention invite Fenella had sent me. 
The guard takes the phone and examines the invite before running his gaze over our mismatched group. Three of us are Wardens, and Jordi and Quincey are Warden allies, but Norah and Roery look more than a little out of place here—Norah’s supposed to be a Nixan ally, and even without his wings out it’s not hard to determine that the red-haired Roery is an avian, an order not involved in the Nixan War at all. 
Finally the guard nods, handing me back my phone. “We’ve been expecting you,” he says. “Take Elevator C or D down to headquarters.” 
“They have two bunker elevators here,” Baz mutters to me as we push our way through the guards. “We were really slumming it back in Boston.” I shove him jokingly, then remember he’s balancing on crutches and grab his shoulder before he can lose his footing. 
We crowd into Elevator C, and Freya presses the flame button to send us all dropping down into the earth. 
“Why is your secret lair underground?” Norah asks. 
“Because we don’t have Old Magic like you guys to keep things hidden from the Senex,” I say. We do now, though, or at least I do; when I concentrate, I can still feel a prickle of unpleasant heat in the back of my neck where I’d had a piece of ice-glass implanted by Nixan priests. The ice-glass rejected me as its host, and I can’t use it without causing myself pain—but at least it let me live. 
Jordi cups his hands over his ears. “My ears are popping. How much further down are we going?” 
“What’s it like when your ears pop?” Roery wonders. “Avians don’t get that.” 
“Lucky,” I mutter, swallowing to try and get my own ears to open back up. 
Finally the elevator slows to a stop; I scan my fingerprint, and it opens its doors to reveal an unexpected hybrid Novan on the other side—Iraine, arms crossed with a half-smile lifting her face. 
“Iraine.” I step out, my surprise expressing itself as a disbelieving laugh. “What the hell are you doing here?” 
“After everything we went through, you really thought I’d just run back to Ymetrine with my father?” she asks, raising her eyebrows at me. “Fenella sent me an invite for the convention, too. I just got here a few hours ago.” She runs a hand through her blue-and-purple locks. “I’ve been getting so many stares, I was almost tempted to use a shein and disguise myself as a Warden girl. But now that all of you are here, I doubt I’ll be the center of anyone’s attention anymore.” 
“What a comforting thought,” Baz says. He steps forward to give her a hug, prompting me to follow suit. 
“We probably should get going,” Freya says once I’ve pulled back from Iraine. “We’re already late, and I really don’t think we want to keep Gwen Revana waiting.” 
Our group follows her down the hall leading away from the elevators; it’s dimly lit overhead, fortunately for the light-averse Iraine, with little fires lining the walls. An inscription protruding beneath the ceiling reads ROMA, DOMUS DE POPULI IGNIS—Rome, home of the fire-people. 
“Did you tell your dad we’re here?” I ask Baz. 
He nods. “He’ll be waiting for us, don’t worry.” 
Cesil Kinscey is indeed waiting for us at the end of the hall, along with his wife and a pair of anxious-looking dusties. As soon as he sees the dusties, Quincey lets out a cry and barrels forward into their arms. Freya smiles as the female dustie—Quincey’s mother—plants a kiss just above his missing eye, weeping and shaking and whispering his name. 
Basil’s mother yanks him off his crutches and buries her face in his shoulder. “I wasn’t sure I’d ever see you again,” she murmurs. “And your leg….” 
Baz’s face goes tight. “I’m sorry, Mom.” His glances up at his dad, who looks down on him with stern eyes, though I do catch the ghost of a smile on his lips—he’s got to be pissed as hell with him, but he’s also seeing his son for the first time in months, alive and relatively intact. 
His smile vanishes entirely, however, when his gaze shifts to me. I turn away quickly, not wanting to provoke him any further. I know he’s going to blame me for everything that happened to Baz—not that I don’t blame myself, at least a little bit. 
Quincey’s father claps his hands over Freya’s shoulders. “You’re the one who kept our boy safe all this time,” he says. “Thank you, Freya. So much.” 
Freya smiles, reaching down to stroke Quincey’s cheek. “We kept each other safe. I never would’ve survived New Fauske if it weren’t for him.” The whole family takes her into their arms then, sobbing; even Freya looks to be on the verge of tears. 
Cesil turns away from them. “The High Chief Warden has been waiting to speak with you,” he says gruffly. “Come on.” 
Quincey’s parents drag him away, while Cesil leads the rest of us down another hallway and into a giant, open circular room with a wide landing stretching in a ring around the walls. Thousands of Wardens and allies from the area and outsiders of any officer rank crowd the landing, flitting through doors leading out to other halls, inspecting weapon prototypes, and sipping what I assume is expensive Italian wine. A huge fire dangles down from the center of the domed ceiling above like a chandelier, and the ceiling itself is decorated with phoenixes and paintings of Warden soldiers from all different eras. It’s beautiful, in an intimidating sort of way; I notice that the non-Warden members of our party are looking decidedly less comfortable since entering the room. The gasps and stares our group receives don’t do anything to help. 
In the center of the room, about thirty feet below the landing, is a large conference table with seven empty seats. Cesil brings us to a set of marble stairs and gestures down to the table; at his signal, the figure sitting at its head rises and begins the climb up to us. Gwen Revana, leader of the entire world’s population of Wardens. Everyone on the landing bows when she steps onto it. 
Gwen Revana is a tall Italian woman, about fifty years old with a prominent scar across her jawline. Her hair is strung in tight black curls, and her dark eyes burn with an unnervingly fiery intensity. She has a fire-gun strapped to each of her hips. 
“High Chief Warden,” Cesil says, raising his head from his bow. “Allow me to introduce my son, Basil Kinscey, Freya and Westrey Dorsan, and…the Novans which they have brought with them.” 
“A pleasure to meet all of you,” Revana says. Her accent is thick but understandable. “Thank you, Cesil.” She holds out an arm and motions for our group to follow her down the stairs. We do, leaving Basil’s parents behind on the landing. 
I help Baz down while keeping my eyes trained on the High Chief Warden, studying her. Her expression is tight and difficult to read, but she doesn’t look as angry with us as I’d expected she would be. Our own Chief Warden, Fenella Shirey, is going to be a different story. 
When we reach the bottom of the stairs, Gwen Revana leads us over to the table, where eight others are already seated: five Wardens representing the non-European lands under Warden control, Fenella Shirey included, and a representative for each of our three allies—the vamps, dusties, and aquines. They’re all clustered around one side of the table; at Revana’s command, our group takes our seats at the other end while she returns to her own. 
The seats are cushioned, with a long-necked microphone and a filled glass of water set out in front of each. Glancing up, I find crowds of darkened faces peering down at us from above, waiting eagerly for us to speak. 
I catch Fenella’s eyes across the table for the briefest of moments before dropping my gaze into my lap. I’ve disobeyed Fenella’s orders a good few dozen times over the past couple months, but I’ve also brought her tons of vital information and freed Freya and Quincey for her. She’d invited me to this convention, at the very least, though I’m not sure how reluctantly the invitation was given. 
“We are grateful that all of you have agreed to come here and speak with us,” Revana says into her microphone, which amplifies her words enough for everyone in the room to hear. “This convention has been called in light of recent events which have shaken the Novan world to its core. King Aknes and the rest of his family have been killed, allegedly by avians, leaving the Nixan royal throne up for grabs. According to your correspondence with Fenella, The High Priestess Evana has assumed the role of the Nixans’ queen and is actively working to rile her people up against us to an extent that surpasses nearly all of her predecessors. A battle will be coming, soon, and we must be ready; for that to happen, we need to know as much about these latest developments as possible. We believe with good reason that you possess information crucial to giving our people the upper hand against our enemies.” She glances at Fenella. “In exchange for this information, Fenella has agreed to fully pardon Westrey Dorsan and Basil Kinscey for their crimes of stealing the sword Ferignis and crossing the Appalachian Line against her orders.” 
“Deal,” I say; Baz nods vigorously. A pardoning is what we’d been hoping for ever since we made it out of New Fauske alive with Freya. “What do you want to know?” 
“Everything,” Revana replies. “About Old Magic and ice-glass, the llyrsi scientists experimenting on Novans, the Sentry girl you met and the Nixan princess…tell us about all of it. Everything that’s happened since you and Basil snuck out of Fenella’s bunker.” 
Baz raises his eyebrows at me almost mischievously. “We’ll tell you,” I say, clearing my throat and leaning forward on my elbows. “But if you really want to know everything, we’re going to be here for a long time.” 


 
1 December: Cassatia 
Aysa is very reluctant to leave her family behind. “You sure you’ll be okay?” she asks, again and again. 
“Of course,” Rey assures her. “I’m fifteen, the same age as you and Avi were when you took over our family. Shazi will help me, and we don’t have the twins to worry about anymore.” 
“We’ll use thought-blocks,” Shazi adds, “and put blocks on Kaia and Lanni, too.” 
Keira tugs at my arm, pulling me away from Aysa and the others. “Come over here,” she murmurs. “I want to talk to you.” 
I follow her up to a picnic table decorated with stacked stones and take a seat across from her. “What is it?” 
Keira takes a breath. “We haven’t really talked about…you know, everything.” 
“We haven’t had the time to,” I say, feeling a storm cloud of mixed emotions settling over me. “So much has happened since then.” 
“I know, but I still think we should talk.” She reaches across the table to take my hand. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about my plan with the Wardens.” 
“The plan to kill my father, you mean.” 
Keira’s cheeks flush. “Well, yeah, that one. I know I should’ve told you as soon as we got out of New Fauske, but I was scared you’d hate me for it.” 
“I don’t hate you,” I say quietly. It would be impossible for me to hate her. 
“But you understand why I went along with it, right?” She lifts her eyes to mine. “Your dad wanted you out of the way; I had no idea what he was going to do to you next. I was trying to look after you, like I always do.” 
I swallow. “And you wanted to set me up to rule the city.” 
She tilts her chin at me. “Did you really mean what you said to Evana that day?” 
I know exactly what she’s talking about: “I’m not a princess. You’ve made me into a queen.” I bite my lip. “Well, it’s true, through my marriage to Iven.” 
“Yeah, but I mean…is that what you want now?” 
“I want to take down Evana,” I say slowly. “She killed my father, and the Heilagurs and Avi, and she tried to kill us. And Nixa knows what she wants with my little brother. We can’t just let her get away with everything.” I tighten my grip on Keira’s hand. “It’s my job to stop her, and if I have to use my birthright and my arranged-marriage vows to do that, then I will.” 
“I know you want to get rid of Evana,” Keira assures me. “We all do. But do you really want to be queen, Cass?” I see the hope in Keira’s eyes; it’s definitely what she wants. I feel flattered by her belief in me, but also incredibly nervous. 
I go quiet for a minute, thinking. “I don’t know,” I say eventually. “I want to make things better, for the Nixans and shifters and everyone else. But I don’t know if I can do that like you think I can.” 
Keira pulls up my hand to kiss my knuckles. “You can,” she promises me. “And I’ll be right there with you. Always, Cass.” 
I nod, feeling a lump in my throat. Everything has been turned upside down in the past few months; I’ve been married off, become a fugitive from my own people, and made to question the tenets of my belief in Old Magic and the Nixan goddess herself. And now I’m about to fly to Rome, the Wardens’ ancient capital, to try and negotiate a deal with my worst enemies. But I’ve had Keira throughout all of it, and I have to believe she has my back, no matter what she’s kept from me or who she’s teamed up with. I think I’d fall apart if I lost her. 
“I’m scared,” I confess. “Gwen Revana could have my head chopped off the second I step into her headquarters.” 
Keira smiles. “Well, she’d have to get through me first.” 
❄❄❄ 
I hate leaving Rhody alone at the airport, and I can tell he hates it too; he whines and scratches at the door of his crate as I hand him over to the cargo staff. “I’m sorry,” I tell him, sticking my fingers through the crate wires to try and pet him. “This will be over soon, okay?” 
Keira drags me away by the elbow. “You sound like you’re sending him to a slaughterhouse or something, Cass. He’ll be fine.” 
“He doesn’t know that,” I protest. “He’s freaking out. He must’ve hated the plane rides to India.” 
“Well, on the plus side, Rhody will probably be the only one of us who no one in Rome wants to kill,” Keira points out. “Come on; Aysa went to look for somewhere to eat before we go through security.” 
Aysa has found us a nice little curry place for our lunch a short walk from the security lines. The food is good and filling, though I’ll be happy to get back to a place where not everything is saturated in spices. 
Keira and I eat quickly, but Aysa picks aimlessly at her meal, hardly ever raising her fork to her mouth. “Is something wrong?” I ask eventually, both out loud and in thoughts. 
Aysa hesitates for a second, then drops her fork and looks up at us. “There’s something I have to talk about with you.” 
A rock settles in my stomach; I don’t think I can deal with any more bad news, not now. “What is it?” 
“Laena, Evana’s jnani slave, can track us down again through me, just like she did in Rajashray. I need to put a thought-block on myself.” 
“I thought you told us she couldn’t far-cast,” Keira says, confused. “Like, not even the crappy kind of far-casting you did to find out about the Warden convention.” I shoot her a look, but Aysa doesn’t appear to be offended. 
“No, she can’t,” she agrees. “The jnani slaves have been weakened by their years working for the Nixans and Sentries, and Laena was never a far-caster or a dheira to begin with. Plus, she’s maintaining a thought-block on herself and at least a couple others, which is mentally draining all by itself.” 
“That’s why Evana’s trying to get Raja on her side,” I say. “So she can get access to far-casters who can get into anyone’s head, unlike Laena.” 
Aysa nods. “But Laena doesn’t need to far-cast to read my thoughts, since I’m a jnani myself. Our thoughts are already connected. The only way to keep her out of my mind is by using a block of my own.” 
“Okay,” I say, “then…can’t you just use a thought-block? Do you know how?” 
“Of course I know how,” Aysa says. “But if I’m wearing a thought-block, I can’t send thoughts into anyone else’s mind, even the thoughts I want people to receive. I won’t be able to communicate with anyone unless I extend the thought-block to them too. Or they know a sign language, which most people don’t.” 
“Oh. Damn, I didn’t think of that.” I rub my temples, frowning. “Maybe you could extend it to me? I could speak for you whenever you need me to.” 
Aysa purses her lips doubtfully. “I’ve never had to do that before,” she says. “Have someone else speak for me. I’ve used thought-blocks occasionally, but never long-term, and never around non-dheira.” 
I let out a sigh, meeting Aysa’s eyes. “I wish you didn’t have to deal with this.” I can’t imagine what it would be like to not be able to talk without the help of another person. “But I promise I’ll help you out as much as I can, okay? I get not wanting someone else to speak for you, but it’s only until we take care of Evana.” 
“And it’s kind of important that Laena can’t get into your thoughts,” Keira adds. “Then Evana would know exactly where we are and what we’re up to, which would probably lead to us getting our throats slit since she’s now got a teleporting kid on her side.” She lifts a shoulder. “Unless the kid died from that beating I gave him, of course.” 
“And we can’t count on that.” Aysa sucks in her lips and nods. “Okay, Cass, I’ll do it. You’re going to feel it, probably.” 
Aysa closes her eyes, and sure enough I do feel something—an invisible pressure against my head on all sides, leaving my mind scrambled and reeling—and then it’s over, as quickly and suddenly as it began. 
Did it work? I ask Aysa. 
“Yes,” she says, opening her eyes again. “I’m trusting you with this, Cass.” 
I know, I tell her. And I’m sorry you have to. 


 
2 December: Roery 
“It feels so good to stretch out my wings,” I say into my pillow, unfurling them to their fullest extent while I lie flat on my stomach and feeling their muscles sigh with relief. I’ve kept them folded up tightly under my clothes for the past two days, but now that I’ve been granted the top bunk of a creaky old bunk bed, I have as much space for them as I need. 
“Are you planning on sleeping like that tonight?” Jordi teases from the bed underneath mine. “I don’t want your feathers shedding all over me.” 
“I won’t shed on you,” I promise, tossing my pillow at his head. “I just need to stretch a little.” 
After a night of sleeping three to an air mattress, Jordi, Norah and I have just been given our own private room in the Wardens’ headquarters, consisting of two bunk beds and a tiny bathroom. I assume that’s a sign that they want us to stick around for a bit, which I guess is a good thing, though I can’t say I’m entirely sure what I’m doing here. I know that something weird has been going on with the avian clans since I was taken by the llyrsi; according to Wes and the Wardens, they’ve been busy attacking Svalbard City and killing royal Nixans. I don’t know if it’s something that all the clans are involved in or only a few, but until I figure out what’s going on there’s no way I’m going back to Ireland. And I’m more than happy to hold off on telling my clan what happened to Fionn, to strip away that last bit of hope from his parents and Chleo. 
Someone knocks on our door; sighing, Norah jumps up from her bed to answer it. A young Warden man waits on the threshold, glancing down at a piece of paper in his hands. 
“I need the avian to come with me,” he says in a thick Italian accent. “The High Chief Warden would like to speak with you.” Norah’s head swivels over to me; I blink. 
“Okay,” I tell him cautiously, “give me one second.” I have no idea what this is about, why Gwen Revana would be interested in speaking to me, but do I know that my refusing would only lead to more trouble. So I climb out of bed, pull my wings back in, and throw on a jacket. Although I know I don’t need to hide my wings here, my red hair and pale skin already make me stand out enough among the Wardens. 
The Warden messenger leads me down a few floors and up to a door guarded by two burly men. They part for us and escort us into a crowded office filled with weapons and maps and a giant roaring fire. Gwen Revana sits at her desk in directly in front of the flames, their snapping fingers appearing to emanate from her hair. 
“Grazie, Rodri,” Revana says to the messenger before turning to me. “Thank you for coming. Please, sit down.” She gestures to the empty chair across from her. 
I take my seat as Rodri bows out and the two guards shut the door again, now watching us from inside in case I try to pull anything on Revana. I’d have to be mad to—her position aside, Revana does not look like the kind of person you’d want to mess with. The way her dark eyes skim across my features makes my hair stand on end. 
“I wanted to talk to you about the developments among the avian clans,” Revana says. “We didn’t have much of a chance to speak yesterday.” I smile a little at that; we’d come to an agreement to let the Wardens in our group do the talking yesterday, the rest of us only speaking up when we were directly addressed. Apparently that had not been enough to satisfy the High Chief Warden, at least in my case. “Would you be willing to answer some of my questions?” 
“I would,” I say, somewhat hesitantly. “Though I don’t think I’ll be able to tell you as much as you’d like.” 
“Just tell what you can.” Revana taps her fingers against the cup of water set in front of her. “Your name is Roery, right?” 
“Yes.” 
“Do you have a last name?” 
“Avians don’t have last names,” I say. “Only clan names.” 
“What is yours? Your clan, I mean.” 
“It’s called Gaoithe Fuar,” I say. “Of Connemara.” As soon as I say the name, my mind is deluged with images and memories of my home, its beautiful cliffs and lakes. My heart clenches. 
“And you were taken from your home by the llyrsi scientists you talked about yesterday,” Revana says. “When did this happen, exactly?” 
“It was in July,” I tell her. “I don’t remember the date.” Dates and times have all become mixed up in my head thanks to my time with the llyrsi. 
“Right.” She gives a little frown. “And before your capture, you had not seen or heard of any unusual activity among your clan?” 
I shake my head truthfully. “None. I don’t even know if my clan is involved in whatever’s going on.” 
“Well, my people have received information that an avian named Fyrie is at the head of the recent attacks,” Revana says, studying me. “Have you heard of him?” 
Of course I’ve heard of him. “Fyrie is the leader of Clan Droch Aimsir,” I tell her, “the largest and strongest of all of the clans. No avian would dare to cross him.” 
Revana leans forward, just a little. “We believe that the avian clans are acting as a united front. Do you believe that Fyrie would be capable of bringing them all together to do his bidding?” 
“I definitely think it’s possible,” I say, “though I don’t know what his bidding would be, exactly. The avians have never cared much for attacking Nixan cities.” 
“According to Westrey, the High Priestess Evana has been claiming that the avians attacked Svalbard in collusion with us, which we all know is a lie. It seems they are instead acting directly on her behalf.” She meets my eyes. “What could she have used to win them over?” 
I bite my cheek. “Well, our home, for one.” As things stand now, the avian clans are forced to live on tiny scraps of the coasts and islands of Ireland, because most of Ireland is Nixan territory. Our people have been trying to get our home back for centuries. “If Evana really gained control of the Nixans’ entire kingdom, she’d be able to offer Ireland back to Fyrie and the others.” 
“And you believe that the clans would be willing to fight and kill for that?” 
I nod. “Definitely.” It’s the only thing I can think of that makes any sense to me. Avians wouldn’t fight a Nixan’s battles over anything less. 
A sudden commotion erupts from out in the hall. I tense; the Warden guards reach for the fire-guns in their belts as a frantic barrage of knocking pounds against the door. “High Chief Warden!” a strained voice calls from outside. The guards aim their guns at the source. 
“It’s Rodri.” Revana raises a hand to placate them. “Lower your weapons and let him in.” 
The guards comply, and Rodri the messenger steps across the threshold, gasping for air. “You’re needed upstairs,” he tells Revana. 
She rises to her feet. “What is it?” 
“The Nixan princess is here, with a Sentry and a jnani girl,” he breathes. “They’re waiting in the lobby.” 


 
2 December: Keira 
“Aysa says they’re coming up from the bunker now,” Cass murmurs in my ear. “She thinks about half of them are hoping to kill us.” 
I swallow; I’m not too fond of those numbers. A pack of security guards has lined up in front of us, guns at the ready—and here we stand, three teenage girls with two suitcases and an American Eskimo Dog between us. And Aysa can’t even fight. 
Straightening my shoulders, I take a deep breath to try and calm myself. This isn’t the first time I’ve been surrounded by angry Wardens, and at least now I’m not facing them alone. 
Two of the lobby elevators slide open in sync ahead of us, and a swarm of armed Wardens pours out of each to line up behind the guards. A woman steps out from among them, one I recognize well from pictures: Gwen Revana, chief of the Chief Wardens. The three of us dip our heads to her; Rhody barks at the new arrivals, forcing Cass to pick him up and calm him down. 
“Princess Cassatia Loraveire,” Gwen Revana says. “What are you doing here?” 
“Queen Cassatia Loraveire,” I correct her. If we’re going to pull this off, we need to make sure everyone uses the proper titles. 
Cass gives me a look. “We heard you were holding a convention here about Evana, and we wanted to work with you to oppose her.” 
A skeptical murmur spreads through the crowd. “You want to work with us?” Revana repeats, raising her eyebrows. “A Nixan?” 
“Evana wants me dead,” Cass says evenly. “She just tried to kill me a few days ago; we’re not friends, I promise you. We know she’s planning a giant battle against the Wardens, so we want to help you take her down.” 
“And you want us to help install you as the new Nixan leader,” Revana says. “That is not something we’re typically in the business of doing.” 
“Well, nothing about what’s going on is very typical anymore,” I say. “Apparently Evana’s teamed up with the avian clans to take over Svalbard and kill a bunch of Nixans and jnani.” 
Revana frowns. “We’d figured as much.” 
“But that’s not all,” I add. “She’s also got this teleporter kid working for her—some totally new kind of Novan or something.” 
I expect that comment to cause a bit of a stir, but Gwen Revana only blinks. “Kesnu, yes. Westrey has told us about him already.” 
“Wes?” I narrow my eyes, confused. Is he here? “How would Wes know—” 
Revana holds out a hand to shut me up, turning to Aysa. “Who are you, and what is your business with these two?” 
Aysa looks to Cass. “Her name is Aysa,” Cass says. “Keira and I have been staying with her and her family for the past month and a half. When Evana came to kill me, her best friend died in the fight. She’s here to help us.” 
“Can she not speak for herself?” Revana asks. 
Aysa shakes her head. “She’s a dheira,” Cass replies. “It means she can only speak in thoughts; and right now, she can only speak to me because she’s put a thought-block on the two of us.” Revana looks thoroughly confused by Cass’s explanation, and I can’t blame her—I still don’t understand half the jnani stuff myself. 
“Look,” I say. “We’re on the same side. We just want to talk with you guys and see if we can work out a deal that will benefit all of us.” 
“No way are we letting a Nixan and a Sentry into our headquarters,” a man growls from behind Evana. “You’re lucky you’ve been allowed to keep your heads this long.” 
“I’ll vouch for them,” says a familiar voice—Wes’s voice. The crowd parts to let him through, and my heart clenches at the sight of him, curly-haired and fiery-eyed as always. Chill out, I scold myself. 
Does Wes really want to defend us? At this point I’ve pretty much figured out that the letter sending us to India was drawn up by him and the other Wardens to get rid of me and Cass because they didn’t trust either of us. Did he change his mind? My heart clenches again—I mentally roll my eyes at it. 
Wes looks me right in the eyes. “Keira is the Sentry I travelled to New Fauske with,” he says. “She’s the reason my sister is free today, and the reason why we’ve been able to bring so much new information to this conference. She’s proven that she’s more than willing to help us take down the Nixan leaders; she helped us try to kill Duke Fenris.” I quickly glance at Cass, really wishing Wes hadn’t said that last part, but she shows no reaction other than a subtle pursing of her lips. “I don’t know as much about Cass, but she did save my friend’s life with her healing powers. And she’s right that Evana wants her dead—she’s the only one standing in the way of her claim to the throne.” He turns back to Gwen Revana. “I think they’re telling you the truth.” 
“I’ll vouch for them, too,” another voice adds. This time it’s someone even more surprising stepping out from the crowd: Fenella Shirey, the Chief Warden from Boston. My eyes go wide. “Keira Serasul lived in my bunker for about a week in September. During that time, she was restrained by what I later learned was an ineffective form chain. She had ample opportunity to kill any inhabitant of the bunker or do any amount of damage to us. But she didn’t; she left with two Warden boys who brought her to New Fauske of their own free will.” She gestures to Wes. “And she didn’t kill those Warden boys and escape as soon as she was on her own territory, as I expected she would; instead, she helped them infiltrate New Fauske and rescue the city’s Warden prisoners. And afterwards, she travelled to India with the Nixan princess and left three Wardens unsupervised on Nixan lands.” She shakes her head. “I don’t know exactly what she wants or what she is up to, but I know for certain that she and her friend are not in support of the current Nixan regime.” Nodding to Aysa, she adds, “And we have always listened to the counsel of jnani before, even if they did give us a useless sword as a reward for our help.” Aysa bows her head. “I would say they’re at least worth hearing out.” 
There’s a short, tense period of silence; then Revana nods. “All right.” She motions for five of the security guards to step forward. “Lead these three to a secure room under surveillance. We’ll hold a full meeting tomorrow morning after I’ve had a chance to discuss this with my council.” 
I close my eyes, relief slackening my muscles. Thank Nixa. And we’re getting a chance to rest; now that our lives are no longer in imminent danger, I realize how tired I am from the nine-hour flight here. 
A clamor breaks out behind Revana. “Nixa-worshippers in our headquarters?” someone hisses—the same man who’d previously informed us how lucky we were to still have our heads. “You must be insane, Revana.” 
“I am the High Chief Warden, Lazuli,” she says coolly, slowly turning to face him. “You have sworn to obey my orders. If you cannot abide by your Warden’s vows, then you may leave my council.” Lazuli remains in his place, his face tinged with red. 
“Portali,” Revana orders her five guards. They nod and move to surround us, their guns trained on the backs of our heads. One of them courteously grabs our suitcases for us. 
“Follow,” a guard barks. And he and his friends guide us through the gawking crowd in a diamond formation, straight back to the elevators leading deep into the depths of Warden hell.


 
3 December: Cassatia 
I wake to the sound of muffled knocking and open my eyes to find a Warden waiting on the other side of the bulletproof glass walls that make up our detention room. The lighting in here is dim, just strong enough for the cameras protruding from the walls to register our movements. I shiver; I don’t like the room or the cameras one bit. 
Keira, already up and dressed, motions for the Warden to enter. I wonder how much she slept last night—maybe not at all. I don’t think Keira can sleep when she’s nervous like this. 
Aysa is still out cold in the bed beside mine: the knocking, of course, hadn’t woken her up. Propping myself up on my elbow, I reach over to her and give her arm a little shake. Her eyes open quickly, and she sits up as the Warden slides open the door to our room. 
“Your meeting with the Warden leaders begins in one hour,” he announces, pointing to the ticking analog clock on the wall behind us. “If any of you want breakfast first, you can follow me.” 
“I do,” Keira says quickly, eager for any excuse to get out of the room and do something. I feel way too nauseous to eat, so I shake my head; Aysa does the same. 
The Warden gestures for Keira to follow him, and the two of them head silently down the hall, sealing the detention room shut behind them. I sigh, kneading Rhody with my feet until he wakes up. “It’s time to do this,” I tell him. 
Reluctantly I pull myself out of bed, wondering what I’m supposed to wear to a council meeting with a bunch of Chief Wardens. “Wear a dress,” Aysa says. “You packed the one you wore to see Raja, right?” 
I nod and go digging through our suitcases until I find it: a green dress fading into teal blue down the legs. If it’s good enough for Raja, I suppose it’s good enough for here, too. 
Aysa begins to prepare herself while I slip on the dress and a pair of nice flats I’d brought and attempt to use my reflection in the glass walls to fix my hair. 
What should I say to the Wardens, Aysa? I ask. I really have no idea. 
Aysa comes over with a comb and pulls it gently through my hair. “You just need to make a deal with them. Gwen Revana is willing to; I could tell from her thoughts yesterday. She’s wary, but she sees the potential in you as an ally against Evana. Tell her about the plan we made to visit your uncle.” 
Yeah, but how am I supposed to convince them that getting me on the throne is in their best interest? They were mocking me when they called me princess yesterday. 
“I know,” Aysa agrees. “But you’re not a princess; you’re a queen. You need to show that to them.” 
How? I demand. 
Aysa places her hands on my shoulders. “Negotiate with them on equal footing,” she says. “That’s how you’ll have to work to take down Evana—as equals. And you aren’t equals if you’re trapped in this cell being monitored like a prisoner. Gwen Revana will make demands of you, since you’re the one who’s asking for her help; but you’re helping her get rid of an enemy, too, and you need to make sure she remembers that. You’ve got to make your own demands.” 
Demands? I ask. That’ll just piss her off. 
Aysa shakes her head. “Nothing big,” she says. “Ask her for a different room, for one. She’ll agree. The whole time, just remember that you have to prove you’re a queen.” 
I nod, meeting the nervous eyes of my reflection. “A queen,” I repeat, not entirely sure I believe it myself. 
❄❄❄ 
We’re taken to a giant room with a conference table beneath a circular landing from which a crowd of Wardens peers down at us through narrowed eyes. A huge suspended fire burns bright over our heads. 
The Warden and ally leaders are all seated at the table—five regional Chief Wardens and Gwen Revana, a representative for each of the three allied orders, and six other Warden councilmen. I’m directed to a seat beside Revana at the table’s head, a microphone staring me right in the face. Keira and Aysa take their seats at the other head, far away from me; glancing up, I find Wes, Freya and Iraine watching us from over the railing of the landing, standing with a group of other Novans I don’t know—an avian boy, an aquine, and a llyre. What are avians and llyrsi doing in Rome? 
I’m getting distracted; that’s the last thing I should be worrying about right now. What’s everyone thinking, Aysa? I ask as my eyes flit around the conference table. 
“It’s all good,” Aysa assures me. “They’re still unsure, but they’re willing to work with you, like I said. You just have to convince them that you’re worth it.” 
Swallowing, I dip my head to Gwen Revana, uncomfortably aware of the fact that my father would have me hanged if he knew I was doing this. But I’m doing it for him, in a way; Evana is the reason he’s not here to disapprove of anything anymore. I’m doing it for him, and for Aren, and for the safety of every single person I care about in this world. 
“Cassatia Loraveire,” Revana begins. “You have come to seek an alliance with us against the High Priestess Evana. While we certainly share a common enemy in her, my people are reluctant to ally themselves with Nixans and Sentries without good cause.” 
“I understand that,” I say, leaning in towards the microphone to make sure my words can be heard by everyone gathered. I sweep my gaze across the landing above us, taking in all the infidels examining me silently. “But you have good cause, because there’s no way you can defeat Evana without me.” 
Angry murmurs rise up from the crowd; I flinch back against my will. “You do not believe we are capable of defeating Evana without Nixan help?” Revana asks. 
“No,” I say, forcing the tremor from my voice. Show them you’re a queen, Cass, I tell myself. “Everything’s been turned upside down now; you can’t fight Evana the way you’re used to fighting Nixans and Sentries. She has a teleporter and Old Magic on her side, and all of your border patrols and territory defenses are useless against enemies that can hide their auras and appear wherever they want to.” 
“We’re aware of that,” the man beside Revana says—Clovis, Aysa informs me, Revana’s chief war strategist. “We’ve received reports that Evana has started to recall the Sentries of the Western Province back to New Fauske, and she’s been transporting fighters along our European borders back to the States, too.” He laces his fingers together. “In response, we’ve begun to pull back our own guards and soldiers from the borders to consolidate around our regional headquarters—the places we need to defend the most.” 
The ally representatives at the table grumble a little at this comment. Wardens protecting their territories’ borders is a big part of the arrangement they have with their allies; but between Kesnu and all the Nixans with ice-glass, there’s not much that keeping the borders guarded would do other than take away from the population of Wardens needed to fight Evana. 
I nod to Clovis. “That’s good,” I say. “But even with all your Wardens available for battle, you have a much smaller pool of fighters to draw from than Evana does. Your ally populations are smaller than ours—how many people have your allies pledged to fight with you?” 
“Each of our orders has pledged eight thousand soldiers,” says the aquine representative, a scarred dark-skinned woman. “It’s all we can afford.” 
“Well, Evana will have way more than that,” I say. “She’s got all the Sentries from both New Fauske and Svalbard—that’s at least thirty thousand—plus the avian clans. She’s got Aures Chaise and his llyrsi, too, with all their weapons and technology; you might be able to win over some of the Shades, but you’ll have no luck with the Sylvans, at least not the ones in America.” 
“We won’t win over any European Sylvans, either,” Clovis admits. “Every time the Wardens gain ground in Europe, it’s the Sylvans who have to relocate. They fight us on the borders just as fiercely as the Sentries do, trying to get their land back. I don’t know of any villages that would be sympathetic to our cause.” 
“And winning over the llyrsi doesn’t seem to be much of an option,” one of the Chief Wardens adds. “According to our sources, they’ve already begun to militarize. They’ve never fought for the Nixans before, but it certainly seems like they’re planning to fight for Evana now.” 
“What are you saying?” Gwen Revana asks me, meeting my eyes. “You would be able to recruit some of the Nixa-worshippers over to our side if we allied with you?” 
“Not the llyrsi or the Sylvans,” I say. “They have no reason to be loyal to me. But my uncle is the duke of the Nixans’ Eastern Province. If I went to speak with him, I believe I could win his support. I’m his niece, and he knows that I’m the rightful heir to the Nixan throne.” I try my best to sound confident, though really I have no idea if Saffron Carasten would choose to stand with me instead of Evana—I barely know him. “If you provide me with a plane and a pilot, I will set out for Hárfjall tomorrow. He could add thousands of Nixans and Sentries to your forces; possibly enough to defeat Evana.” 
“What if your uncle chooses to capture you and ransom you off to Evana instead?” Revana asks. 
“Aysa will come with me to ensure that he doesn’t intend to,” I reply. “And Keira can stay here to represent my interests on your council.” 
“If we agree to this alliance,” Fenella Shirey says. 
I take a breath. “Right.” Nixa, please. 
Revana glances around the table, her gaze landing on each of us before she speaks again. “I have spoken with my councilmen about your petition to us, and we have come to the conclusion that it is genuine. We share the same goal in ending Evana’s regime, and you are correct in saying that the help of your uncle’s forces and your knowledge of Nixan affairs would greatly help us to do so. However, we will not fight to bring about a new Nixan regime unless we can be sure that it will be different than those of the past. We have therefore come up with a series of conditions that you must agree to meet if we are to become allies.” 
“I understand.” I glance over at Keira, remembering what she’s told me countless times, how she thinks I can change things with the Nixans. “I agree with you that there are reforms that need to be made.” 
“Good.” Revana drums her fingers against the table. “My council’s first request is that your people make their knowledge of the powers and uses of Old Magic available to all, instead of restricting it to a small group of Nixan priests.” 
I nod my agreement, unsurprised by the request. “I didn’t know that Old Magic could be used by non-priests until recently,” I tell her truthfully. 
“Our second request is that you no longer require your allies to worship your goddess unless they choose to do so, and that you remove the missionary overseers from your Shade camps and Sylvan villages.” I nod to that too; we already have that arrangement with the llyrsi, after all, and I don’t much care whether or not the Shades and Sylvans worship Nixa—I don’t even know how I feel about Nixa anymore. “Our third request is that, once in power, you will remember our people’s assistance in getting you on the throne and work with us to finally bring about an end to the Nixan War.” Nixa’s War, we call it. But I nod one more time. “And finally, we request that your successors to the throne are not chosen by the outdated laws of primogeniture, but instead are selected through a free election, as are Warden and Sen leaders throughout the world.” 
Primogeniture and birthright are how the Nixans have picked their rulers for thousands of years, ever since Nixa selected Anakei Heilagur to be our people’s first king: all of his successors are meant to come from his direct ancestral line. But I’m not a Heilagur, and I can’t imagine myself ever having children even if I do succeed in taking the throne, so I agree to this request, too. “I would be willing to abide by all of the demands you’ve made,” I say. “I also plan to put an end to the Sentry trials, our people’s discrimination against shifter faedras, and our practice of enslaving jnani to add to the Sentry mind-link.” Even though I know the Wardens probably have no idea what a faedra is or how the mind-link works, I want to make the promises anyway, for myself. “I will require Nixans and allies to be treated as equals under our kingdom’s laws—and if we really can end the war between us, we’ll remove the need for alliances entirely.” As the Wardens around the table nod their approval, I turn to Aysa, who urges me on with a soft wave of encouragement. “But I have requests of my own in return for my help taking down the current Nixan powers.” 
Gwen Revana raises her eyebrows at this, shocked; a grumble rises up from the table and the crowd of onlookers. Great Nixa, what am I doing? I think, but I swallow and press on anyway. “If we’re to be allies, I want to be given equal say in all decision-making going forward. Keira, Aysa and I need rooms that we can access freely and without surveillance, just like the rest of the people living here. And also,” I add, a little more hesitantly, “if the Nixans are going to follow your rules to end our outdated practices, you should follow one of our rules to end one of yours. The first law of Nixa’s Trinity, to harm none of the Senex people no matter the circumstances.” 
Gwen Revana nods slowly, mulling over my words. “I can agree to those conditions,” she says eventually. “You should have full access to any decision-making we do here, of course; and we will not keep you prisoner if you are serving as our ally.” She gives me a little frown. “As for your last request, the Warden people have never enjoyed harming or killing Senex—we only do so out of necessity, because our lack of Old Magic has made it harder for us to hide our abilities from them. But with access to Old Magic, that demand is a reasonable one.” I see something very much like respect in her eyes—Aysa was right that I should have my own conditions for this alliance. 
“Then I look forward to working with you, Gwen Revana,” I say, lifting my chin to her. My insides are screaming, fluttering with fear and relief and surprise. I can’t believe this actually worked. 
Revana rises to her feet; I do the same, having to lock my knees to keep my legs from collapsing out from under me. 
“I look forward to it as well, Cassatia Loraveire.” Her lips curling up in a smile, Revana offers me her hand. I shake it, and a hesitant applause emerges from the crowd above us, weak at first before strengthening into a thunder of noise and cheers. This could be the first step towards ending the war, I think. Nixans and Wardens working side by side. It’s something that’s never happened before in the entire history of our orders. 
“Evana better watch out,” Revana says quietly to me, clasping my hand between both of hers. “She has no idea what’s coming for her.” 


 
3 December: Freya 
“So you’re hanging out with avians and llyrsi now?” Keira asks incredulously, her eyes on Roery and Norah as they melt into the stream of bodies exiting the conference room. 
Wes nods. “We are. Baz and Freya met them after they were all captured by evil scientists.” 
“Evil scientists? Shit.” Keira shakes her head at my brother. “We have some catching up to do, Doorstep.” 
“We do,” Wes agrees. The two of them share a look that’s long enough to make bells go off in my head. I hadn’t noticed it when I saw them together before, probably because I was too busy recovering from eighteen months of imprisonment and torture, but there’s definitely something going on there. Interesting. 
“Well, Keira,” I say, “while you catch up with my brother, I need to steal your Nixan friend.” 
Cass turns around, alarmed. “What?” 
Wes blinks at me, jolted out of his thoughts; apparently talking to Keira had caused him to momentarily forget that his best friend is missing a leg and in need of serious help. “Oh, um—we were wondering if you could heal Baz’s leg for us.” 
Cass bites her lip. “Even Nixan magic can’t make legs grow back.” 
I resist the urge to roll my eyes. “We know that. But Baz really needs to get a prosthesis so he can walk around again, and his amputation wound has to be fully healed before he can get fitted for one. You think you can help us out before you leave for Hárfjall?” 
“I—okay. I’ll try my best, at least.” She looks to her jnani companion and has some sort of silent exchange with her before turning back to me, the jnani girl slipping away down the crowded hallway. “Where is he?” 
“In one of the doctor’s offices upstairs,” I tell her. “I’ll take you there.” Wes raises his eyebrows at me, wondering if he should come with us, but I decide to be charitable and wave him off to go talk with Keira. 
I lead Cass up two flights of stairs to the office where we’d left Baz before the council meeting; he gives us a relieved smile when we enter the room, tapping his one remaining foot impatiently against the examining table he sits on in front of a long set of parallel bars. Dr. Niraesa, a prosthetist who specializes in developing new limbs for battle-injured Wardens, leans back against the bars and nods a silent greeting. Baz’s parents had made an appointment with him as soon as we’d arrived in Rome. 
Cass kneels beside Baz and places her hands over the stump of his leg, still raw and pink from the removal of his surgical staples. Dr. Niraesa watches raptly as Cass sends tendrils of ice snaking up the wound, leaving healthy, smooth skin in their wake. “Incredibile,” he murmurs. “I’ve always wanted to see the healing powers of a Nixan.” 
Cass blushes as she pulls herself to her feet, looking winded. “I’m no healer,” she says. “But the wound was already half-healed, so it wasn’t too difficult.” She wipes her forehead. “Still, I think I’m going to go lie down now.” 
“Thanks,” I tell her, genuinely meaning it. Baz nods his thanks to her as well, and Cass sidles wordlessly out of the office to head back downstairs. 
As Dr. Niraesa retreats into a side room to fetch his equipment, I hop up onto the examining table beside Baz, giving him a nudge. “How was the meeting?” he asks me. “The fact that Cass is walking around without any shackles on makes me think that it went pretty well for her.” 
“It did,” I tell him. “She impressed me, actually—she sounded way more put together than she usually does. Cass and the Chief Wardens agreed to work together to bring down Evana. And apparently she’s about to fly out to Hárfjall to try and recruit the Carastens onto our side.” 
“I can’t imagine the Carastens agreeing to work with Wardens to take down a Nixan priestess.” 
“Cass’s mother was a Carasten,” I point out, shrugging. “And she is the rightful queen, according to the Nixans’ dumb succession laws. She’s at least got a chance.” 
“We’ll see, I guess.” 
“Also, you forgot to tell me that my brother’s in love with Keira.” I shove him again. “They were making some serious eyes at each other a few minutes ago, and then Wes chose to be a shitty friend and run off with her instead of coming to your prosthesis fitting.” 
Baz laughs. “I don’t know what’s going on with that,” he admits. “On the ride up to rescue you from New Fauske, they mostly just acted like they hated each other.” 
“Makes sense,” I say. “I doubt my brother would be able to fall for someone who didn’t piss him off a bunch first.” 
“Does that hold true for both of the Dorsan twins?” Baz wonders. “I’m pretty good at pissing people off, too, you know.” Heat rushes to my cheeks as he shoots me a mischievous grin. 
Before I can embarrass myself with a dumb response, Dr. Niraesa emerges with Baz’s new leg—sleek and black, its socket connected to a carbon fiber rod and fake foot. Our attention immediately shifts to it; Baz draws in a weak breath at my side. 
“I believe this should fit you well based on the measurements I took yesterday,” Niraesa says. “It’s a top-of-the-line new prosthesis—incredibly strong and durable, and one you can wear almost anywhere. It’s waterproof and fireproof; perfect for a young Warden.” 
“I don’t really care what it is,” Basil says, “as long as it helps me to walk again.” 
“It will most certainly do that.” 
Niraesa slips a thin sock over Baz’s stump, then slides on the prosthesis. “Does it feel good?” he asks. 
Baz straightens and flexes his leg a few times, nodding. “It doesn’t hurt or anything.” 
“Try taking a few steps with the bars,” Niraesa suggests. He backs away a few paces to give him some room. 
Snaking an arm underneath his, I help Baz off of the table and onto the parallel bars. “Whoa,” he says, clutching the bars and swinging his leg back and forth. “This is weird.” 
I position myself in front of him as he takes his first few cautious steps with the help of the bars, working out the balance of his new leg. “Okay, I think I got this,” he murmurs. 
Grinning, I backpedal to the edge of the bars, tilting my head teasingly and inviting him forward. “Come and get me, cripple.” 
“I thought I told you not to call me that.” Baz lets go of the bars and lunges playfully for me, but the toe of his fake foot catches the carpet, sending him lurching forward into me and knocking me down with him. I land hard against the floor with Baz’s elbow between my ribs, our foreheads pressed together. 
“Oh, shit,” Baz breathes, quickly moving his arm. “I’m sorry.” 
“It’s okay,” I groan. “Guess I shouldn’t have teased you.” 
“Are you all right?” Niraesa asks. 
Not answering, Baz pulls away from me a little, just enough for us to lock gazes. He’s got a look in his eyes that tells me he really wants to kiss me—I want to kiss him, too, except for the fact that Niraesa is only a few feet behind us, peering down at us concernedly. 
“You know, I’m actually really glad Wes isn’t here,” Baz murmurs. 
“Why?” 
“Because that means I can do this.” And he leans down to kiss me anyway, and I grab his shirt and kiss him back, long and sweet and without a single care in the world. 
“I’m guessing that’s a yes,” says Niraesa.


 
3 December: Westrey 
“I still don’t believe you.” 
“I’m telling the truth.” 
“All right, then show me, asshole.” 
Leaning forward over the edge of my bed, I cup my hands and summon a flame between them; the bedsheets rustle as Keira moves to get a better look. I feel the ice-glass in my neck grow warm and a shock of pain flash down my limbs as I will the flame to change, becoming a bright electric blue. 
Keira curses. “You really weren’t making that up.” 
“Told you.” I crush the flame between my fingers, the pain from the ice-glass subsiding. 
“You really sent me and Cass off to India so you could learn Old Magic from the Nixan priests,” Keira says. 
“Well, we didn’t think you’d approve of it.” 
“Of course I wouldn’t approve, dipshit. That’s quite possibly the stupidest idea I’ve ever heard. You’re lucky you had Baz and Freya to save your ass.” 
“Yeah, I know.” My thoughts drift off to the two of them and what they must be doing right now, Freya helping Baz try out his new leg. I bite my lip; I should be there with them, especially since Baz would never have lost his leg if he hadn’t followed me into Nixan territory in the first place. And yet here I am, using Freya’s absence to my advantage to have our room all to myself with Keira. 
“Hey.” Keira punches my leg gently, her tone softening a bit. “Baz will be fine. He’s just gonna be a cyborg now.” 
“I know.” I smile a little. “Between his gunshot wound and this, I’m starting to think that Baz can’t be killed.” 
“Maybe not.” Keira cocks her head. “Speaking of being killed, I never got the chance to thank you for vouching for Cass and me when we got here. For a moment, I wasn’t sure if you were gonna help us out or ask Gwen Revana to bring you our heads.” 
I feel a bit of color rising to the surface of my skin. “Nah, I wouldn’t do that.” I turn to meet her eyes, bright and silver and inquisitive. “I don’t know; I guess I had a lot of time to think since we last saw each other—” 
“Since you tricked me into travelling halfway around the world, you mean.” 
“—and I realized that I probably would’ve done the same thing you did, if Freya or Baz or someone else I cared about was in trouble. I guess I didn’t have too much of a right to feel betrayed; you’d known Cass most of your life, and me and Baz only a few weeks. Of course you’d choose her over us.” 
“You did have a right to feel betrayed,” Keira admits. “I basically used the fact that your sister was being tortured to lure you across the country, and for a while, at least, I was planning on having you killed.” 
“But you didn’t,” I point out. I find myself leaning slightly closer to her, drawn in by the faint smell of citrus in her hair. 
“I didn’t,” she repeats, and though it might just be my mind playing tricks on me, I swear she leans in too, inching imperceptibly closer and quickening my heartbeat with the slightest parting of her lips…. 
And then there’s a knock at the door, quiet but very much unimagined, and I jerk back with a start. “Come in.” 
The door creaks open to admit Iraine, her eyes immediately flicking over to the two of us together on my bed. Keira quickly stands up. “Oh, Iraine. Hi.” 
“Hi,” Iraine says back awkwardly. I feel suddenly guilty, though I know I have no reason to be. My mind inevitably goes back to the day of our final magic test with the Nixans, when she kissed me and I pulled away. 
“I should get going,” Keira mumbles. “I need to check on Cass and Aysa.” With a hasty glance back at me, she slips past Iraine and out of the room, her footsteps retreating rapidly down the hall. 
Iraine closes the door, her eyebrows raised in a silent question. “Keira was catching me up on what happened with her and Cass in India,” I explain. I shouldn’t have to be explaining anything. “And I told her about our time in New Fauske.” 
“Was she mad?” Iraine settles down beside me, on my right instead of my left like Keira. “About India?” 
“Not really. She’d already figured out what we’d done.” I smirk. “Apparently the jnani’s current Raja is actually the three hundred and ninety-fifth.” 
“Oh. Oops.” 
“Yeah.” I give her a soft tap on the ankle. “Is there something you wanted to talk to me about?” 
“Um, yeah. There is.” Iraine chews on her lip. I lift a shoulder at her, prompting her to continue. “I’ve been in contact with Ymetrine a bit, through my father, you know, and I talked with some of the Warden leaders after the council meeting—they think it would be a good idea for me to return to North America and recruit people from Ymetrine and some of the anti-Nixan Shade camps to assemble against Evana.” 
I blink at her, my heart lurching. “Are you going to do it?” Even though I feel a bit weird about it, I really do like having Iraine around. 
She nods. “I’m the best one here for the job. I’ve lived in both Shade camps and Sylvan villages, and I can at least somewhat fit into each of them. It won’t be too dangerous; I have Old Magic, of course, and they’ll send me with some Warden bodyguards just in case.” 
I study her carefully, feeling conflicted. “This isn’t really your fight, you know. I know Ymetrine doesn’t like the Nixans, but they also don’t like you very much. You don’t have to involve yourself in all of this if you don’t want to.” 
“I know,” she says. “But I do want to. I don’t know much about Cass, but she’s got to be a better leader than the one we’ve got now. And, I mean, I’m hoping that if I help a new Nixan queen come into power, she’ll be a bit kinder to hybrids like me once she’s running things.” 
“She better,” I say, a tiny grin twisting my lips. “With you in charge of recruitment, Cass will be getting a whole Shade army at her back. She’ll be putting up statues of you if she wins this fight.” 
“Oh, God, I’d hate that,” Iraine mutters, glancing down into her lap. “That’s definitely not what I’m looking for. I’d really just like for my existence to no longer be considered illegal—that would be nice.” 
“Fair enough. I think I’d hate the statues, too.” 
“I think most people would.” With a small sigh, Iraine pushes herself to her feet and brushes down her skirt. “Well, I just wanted to tell you where I’m going. We’re leaving early tomorrow, so I should probably start getting ready.” 
I catch her hand as she steps away. “You’re gonna do great,” I tell her. “Still—be careful, Iraine.” I have something I really want to say to her, but I can’t quite figure out what it is. “Who knows what Evana’s doing back in the States.” 
“I’ll be careful,” she promises me, sliding her fingers out of my grasp. She looks like she wants to say something to me, too. But both of us are silent as she ducks out of the room and shuts the door behind her, with me lying back against my bedsheets and listening to her footsteps fade away. 


 
4 December: Aysa 
Cass stands in the doorway to her room with Rhody in her arms, reminding Keira of everything she needs to do to take care of him while we’re gone—take him out for a walk four times a day, brush his coat every night, check his water bowl—all things that Keira already knows well from years of living with Cass. Really the two of them are just looking for an excuse to not have to say goodbye just yet. 
I wait patiently on Cass’s bed, too lost in my own thoughts to worry about theirs. I miss my family, Rey and Shazi and the younger kids; thanks to our respective thought-blocks and our lack of cell phones, I have no idea how they’ve been doing. I made Rey promise to break his thought-block to tell me about any emergencies, like Evana’s people showing up at our apartment, and the fact that he hasn’t yet makes me feel that they must be all right. Still, a good part of me wants to go back and be there with them in the wake of Avi’s death—it takes a great deal of willpower to convince myself that I’m of better use here, helping to avenge what happened to him and bring all of us some closure. 
Finally Cass hands over her dog and gives Keira a long hug goodbye. Cass wants Keira to come with her more than anything, but she knows that she needs someone she can trust to stay behind with the Wardens, and I’d be useless at the job thanks to my thought-block. Keira brushes her lips against Cass’s cheek, wishing her good luck; her eyes drift back to me, and their meaning is clear even without looking into her thoughts: You better keep her safe. I nod, though really I don’t know how I could possibly keep anyone safe against a Novan who can do more than read minds. Jnani aren’t meant to be fighters. 
Keira and Rhody leave, with Keira adjusting the dog in her arms to pull shut the door behind them; Cass turns back to me, straightening her shoulders and trying her best to put on a brave face. Are you ready? she asks me. She is wearing a sleek white dress like a Nixan priestess’s; Keira had convinced her that wearing the Goddess’s color would make her uncle look upon her more favorably. I’ve dressed a little more warmly in boots and a thick coat, knowing that the cold of the Himalayas will affect me much more than it will a Nixan. 
“I’m ready,” I assure her. “But this is all about you; I’m just coming for support.” If Cass can’t have Keira by her side when she crosses the world to petition her uncle, at least she’ll have me. 
Cass’s thoughts are filled with doubt and confusion—she’s never been to her uncle’s province, and she only knows a little about what to expect. The capital of the Nixans’ Eastern Province is called Hárfjall, Old Norse for “tall mountain,” and it’s located right in the middle of the Himalayan mountain range, just a little south of Everest. Having spent my whole life up until a few days ago living in India, I know the area better than Cass does, though I’ve never been far enough north to enter the Himalayas; jnani tend to stay away from the border we share with the Nixans. 
Well, I’m not sure I’m ready, Cass admits. I hardly know my uncle, or the duchess. And I can’t be sure they haven’t already made an agreement with Evana. They could kill us the second we enter their city. 
“The Wardens haven’t heard anything about your uncle joining up with Evana,” I remind her. “And if they are planning something like that, I’ll know as soon as they’re close enough for me to read their thoughts.” My cast-range has been badly strained by the thought-block I’ve put on myself and Cass, but I plan to extend it as far as I can bear to once we arrive in Nepal. “And I really don’t think he would kill you. You’re his blood, his sister’s only daughter. Even if he doesn’t know you, he has to respect that. Nixans honor their families, right?” 
Cass sighs. You’re right. I’m being paranoid. 
I tap my lip. “You’re being cautious—there’s a difference. Caution is good.” 
Cass closes her eyes briefly, trying to calm her thoughts. You have your ice-glass, right? I nod and show her the ring around my finger. And you can use it if you need to? 
“Somewhat,” I say. “I can’t say I put too much time into it, but we all studied Old Magic a little during dheira training.” 
Cass whips around to face the door as if startled; I realize there’s someone standing behind it, a Warden messenger, knocking to announce his presence. I’d missed his thoughts completely, so wrapped up was I in Cass’s and my own. 
Cass goes to open the door, and the Warden messenger dips his head to the two of us and announces that our plane is ready for takeoff. I shoulder my bag of supplies—a few changes of clothes and some snacks for the flight—and follow Cass and the messenger up the elevator out of the bunker and into the lobby of Ignacio’s headquarters. We are loaded into a tiny car and driven to an airfield on the outskirts of Rome, where a small plane sits in the short-clipped grass. 
Fenella Shirey, the Chief Warden from North America, is waiting to greet us. She tells us the pilot is already in the plane and ready to go—he will bring us into the Himalayas and get us as close as he can to Hárfjall, but the Wardens aren’t sure of the city’s exact location. 
“I can find the city,” I say, “once we’re close enough. It’ll take a lot of my energy, but I’ll manage.” Cass tells Fenella, who nods approvingly and departs, wishing us good luck. 
Cass takes my hand as we approach the open fuselage of the plane. Fear is radiating off every scrap of her skin. This was her idea, and if things go wrong, she feels like it’ll be all her fault. 
“We’re going to be okay,” I tell her. “A meeting with your uncle can’t be as bad as walking into a bunker full of Wardens, right?” 
She smiles. I guess not, she thinks. Not with you here, at least. 
I smile back at her, sending a fresh wave of confidence her way—and then we step into the plane side by side, ready for whatever comes next. 


 
4 December: Norah 
“I can’t believe the Wardens want you to join their council,” Roery says, tapping his pencil against the sketch he’s working on as he sprawls out beside me at the edge of the pool. “You’re a llyre, and they hardly know you.” 
I glance down at my feet in the pool water, lulled by the feeling of tiny waves lapping at my ankles. I swirl them around ten times each, counterclockwise. “Me being a llyre is exactly why they want me,” I say to Roery. “They want my help to deal with the llyrsi leaders and all their weapons technology.” I know next to nothing about the llyrsi leaders or their weapons technology, given that I’m not from Sola City—but Gwen Revana had requested my presence on her war council, along with Wes and Keira’s, and I hadn’t felt like I was allowed to refuse. 
I do know a bit about Aures Chaise, I suppose, the highest-ranking llyre of them all. But I definitely don’t want to talk to the Wardens about that—I hardly even want to think about it. 
Roery mmms beside me. “She talked to me, too, about the avians,” he says, “but I didn’t get a council invite.” 
“Me neither,” Basil calls from within the pool; he’s practicing exercises ordered by his physical therapist to train his new leg, pacing back and forth with the buoyant force of the water to help. “They only took Wes on—I guess one disobedient Warden teen was enough for them.” 
Jordi glides lithely through the water without any concern for what the rest of us are talking about, his body stretched and distorted by the ripples on the pool’s surface. He has his tail grown out, as strange and beautiful as always: deep blue with dapples of green. I count the times it ripples up and down to propel him through the water—one, two, three, four, five, six, seven—before he flips over and glides, his tail going still. I bite my cheek; I hate odd numbers. 
Jordi flicks his tail above the surface to turn as he reaches the edge of the pool, splashing droplets of water onto Roery’s sketch. “Damn it, Jordi,” Roery mutters, quickly blowing on his paper. 
“Sorry,” Jordi says as he emerges and rests his arms against the coping of the pool. 
“Could you really hear that from underwater?” Baz wonders. 
“Aquines can hear best underwater, actually.” 
But I’m not paying any attention to them; my eyes are fixed on Roery’s slightly-wet drawing. It’s of a woman, her pretty mouth curled into a scowl, and there’s something about her that strikes me as eerily familiar. “Who are you drawing?” I ask. 
“Oh.” Roery shrugs at me. “Some Warden students are having a party tonight, and they need pictures of Evana to throw darts at. I’m trying to draw this.” He shows me a picture of a woman on the Ignacio phone he holds. My heart stops. “If they like it, I get to keep the phone.” 
“That’s Evana?” I ask, suddenly out of breath. 
“Yes. Why?” 
I start tapping against my knee. One, two, three, four, five, six. 
“Norah, are you okay?” Jordi asks, frowning. 
“No,” I say. Seven, eight, nine, ten. “That woman…she’s the one I saw with Aures Chaise. The one he started the Glass Forest experiments for.” 
“That was Evana?” Basil has come over to the edge of the pool now, too. “So she’s been working with the llyrsi this whole time?” 
My heartbeat pounds in my ears—I tap my knee in time with it. Eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen. “She said there was a battle coming,” I murmur. “This battle. She knew—that’s why she needed the llyrsi to experiment on us. They needed to know about each of the orders so they could develop weapons to use against us.” My head is spinning; everything suddenly makes so much more sense, all the pieces about Aures Chaise and my ice-glass and the Glass Forest clicking together like a puzzle. Usually I like solving puzzles, but this one leaves me feeling like I’m going to be sick. 
The three boys exchange confused glances with each other. They’re about to start interrogating me, I can tell. Bile rises into my throat. I can’t stand this, waiting for questions I don’t want to answer. 
“What—” 
“I’m gonna go get some food,” I say abruptly, standing up. Breathe breathe breathe breathe breathe, I tell myself. “I’ll see you later.” 
“Norah, wait,” Jordi calls after me as I make my quick retreat from the pool. “You don’t have to tell us anything you don’t want to. Just talk with us. Please.” 
“Later,” I call back. Because now my breaths have grown too short for me to just talk, and I need to calm myself down before all my memories come rushing back. 
But come back they do, and once they start there’s no way of stopping them. 


 
Eight Months Ago: Norah 
“Are you okay, Norah?” my mother asked concernedly. “You’ve barely touched your dinner.” 
“I thought pasta primavera was your favorite,” my father added. “Your mother made it just for you tonight, to make sure you ate well the night before your big competition.” The big competition was the National High School Hack Trials, in which I’d been chosen to represent Maryland after breaking the state record in a regional contest. The thought of it made my stomach feel churned up to the point of nausea. 
“Thank you,” I said. “It’s delicious, really, but I’m not hungry. I’m gonna go finish packing for the flight.” I’d wanted to just drive down to Charlotte, where the tournament was being held—I could’ve gone all by myself—but my parents had insisted on flying. 
“You need to eat, honey,” my mother protested. “It’s not healthy.” 
“I’ll eat later,” I promised, though I knew I wouldn’t. “I’m sorry; I just want to be alone right now.” 
My little sister Paige shot me a worried look. “Dad said we could get ice cream after,” she told me, hoping to raise my spirits like she always did. 
My parents called Paige my miracle sister; they’d been told that they weren’t able to have kids, which is why they adopted me from overseas. But somehow, six years later, my mother had given birth to Paige. She looked just like our mom: dirty blonde hair, freckles, pretty green eyes. Nothing like me, of course—I’d always been the odd one out. 
If Paige had been born a few years earlier, I wouldn’t have become a part of my family at all, and the knowledge of that weighed on my mind every day. I wondered if my parents had ever considered getting rid of me after she came along, during one of my many panic attacks or one of the days I was trembling so much I couldn’t get out of bed; I wondered if they ever thought that I wasn’t worth the trouble. 
I swallowed. “You can go without me,” I said, squeezing Paige’s shoulder and standing up. “I don’t want ice cream.” 
“You always want ice cream!” she called after me as I retreated upstairs, but I ignored her. I headed straight for the bathroom we shared, slammed the door shut and knelt over the toilet, throwing up what little food I’d been able to keep down the night before one of the biggest competitions of my life. I hoped I was quiet enough for my family not to hear from downstairs. Then I cleaned myself up and locked myself in my room, sinking down into my bed. 
God. I couldn’t perform in a nationwide hacking competition tomorrow; I could barely keep myself standing. But I had to perform, and I had to do well, well enough to prove to my family that I was worth the countless doctor’s appointments and pills and gray hairs. I already had more wins than I could count—first place finishes in Hack Trials, Codefests, quiz bowls—and I’d racked up four full ride to colleges across the country; but there was always more I had to do, always something else I had to prove. 
I found myself uneasily eyeing the computer on the desk across from me, the dark mirror of its screen reflecting the anxious lines of my face. I loved computers more than anything: most people found them cold and dead and hard, but to me they had always been alive, electrical currents coursing through them like blood from the moment they came on until the moment they died. I could feel them, their warmth and energy drawing me in in a way that no human being had ever been able to manage. But I’d had a dozen different psychiatrists from across the state tell me that I was suffering from delusions whenever I described it to them, that strange energy I sensed, so I’d decided to stop rather than be forced to take any more pills. 
Today, though, with the threat of the Trials looming over my head, the sight of my computer was anything but inviting. 
Restless, I jumped out of bed and flicked the lights to my room off and on and off and on ten times, feeling and hearing the thrilling snap of electricity over and over again as I did. It helped calm me down a little, but somehow I still ended up back in my bed with my shaking hands clutching at its sheets. Desperate, I began to pick at the scar on my arm, the pain from disturbing the healing skin bringing a momentary distraction, but it wasn’t enough. My heart was racing, my ears were ringing, and I felt like a weight was pressing hard against my chest, keeping me from breathing. It was a panic attack—the first one I’d had in months. 
And then, suddenly, the lights began to flicker, going off and on again and again as if I had gone back to flicking the switch. I squeezed shut my eyes and covered my ears, but I could still perceive the change in light, and I could feel it too. 
It’s a delusion again, I told myself. You’re psychotic. You’re crazy. You have to make it stop. 
But I knew I couldn’t make it stop—I never could. So I opened my eyes and tried to focus on my breathing like I’d been trained. I counted every breath I exhaled: one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight…. 
And then came a noise like a patter of sparks, and my laptop flashed awake. My phone began to buzz in my pocket. There was a quick, blinding flash of light, and the lamps and electronics and streetlights out my window all shut off, leaving me stranded in total darkness. 
This isn’t real, I told myself, now breathing only through my nose. You’re seeing things. None of this is really happening. Fumbling through the dark, my hands found the rosary my mom liked to keep on my bedside table. I threw it around my neck, clutching at it like a lifeline and attempting to whisper a prayer. I’d never been a religious person, but right now I could think of nothing else to do, and the rhythm and repetitiveness of the old Catholic prayers sometimes soothed my mind. But it wasn’t working, not in the slightest; nothing could make it stop. 
I felt a sudden tingling in my fingers, a strange sensation I had never felt before. Releasing the rosary, I wiggled them, trying to shake it off—and suddenly there were miniature threads of electric current connecting my fingers like the bright little filaments in a plasma ball. Lightning, lighting up my hands. Unable to hold back any longer, I let out a shrill, bloodcurdling scream. 
Footsteps thundered up the stairs, and my bedroom door flew open. And there stood my whole family, flashlights in hand, shining them into the darkened room and finding me cowering there. 
Paige screamed and took off running down the hall, dropping her light. “Norah,” my mom choked out, “your…your hands….” 
I glanced down at them, then back up at my parents; even in the dark I could tell their eyes were lit with fear. No. Oh, no. This was happening. My family’s eyes didn’t play tricks on them like mine did—if they could see what I was seeing, it meant it had to be real. 
Without another word, I shoved past them and took off down the stairs, running out the door and down my darkened street as fast as I could. 


 
5 December: Cassatia 
Once we reach Nepal, our pilot Asanni exchanges his plane for a helicopter that can bring us deep into the Himalayas. We fly as low as he is willing over jagged, snowy mountains marred by sheer cliff faces while Aysa casts out for thoughts, her face turning pale with the effort. I really wish there was a way I could help her—I know she’s struggling to both keep up her thought-block and extend her cast-range like this—but there’s nothing I can do other than hold her hand and let her lean against me for support. 
Finally she sits up. “Found it,” she declares. “We need to go further east.” 
I relay Aysa’s directions to Asanni until our destination finally comes into view—the pristine silver towers of Hárfjall’s castle sticking out among the mountains, the snowy gates and buildings of the city surrounding it in a ring. 
Asanni finds a flat stretch of rock about a quarter mile from the gates, nosing the helicopter down to hover directly above it. “I can’t land here,” he calls to us; “the rocks are too icy. You’ll have to jump.” 
My heart lurches. Great Nixa. Aysa shoots me a worried look. 
We can do this. Closing my eyes, I take a deep breath, unbuckling myself from my seat and leaning over to open the helicopter’s door. A sharp breath of wintry air fills the fuselage. 
“Together?” Aysa asks, coming over to stand beside me and gripping my hand. Hers is shaking even more than mine. 
I do my best to swallow back my fear. “We’re jumping now!” I call to Asanni. One, two, three. 
The two of us leap through the open doorway and onto the rocks below. As soon as I land, my foot slips on a patch of ice, ripping my hand from Aysa’s grasp and sending me dangling over the edge of the cliff, holding on to fragile, crumbling rock and nothing else. 
Aysa swoops down and grabs my arms, hauling me up until I can get a foothold on solid ground. 
Gasping, I lean forward with my hands on my knees as the helicopter retreats back into the sky; Asanni strains around the cockpit to give the two of us a nervous look as he ascends to leave us alone on the mountain. 
“That wouldn’t have been a fun way to end this trip,” I breathe. Aysa puts a worried hand on my shoulder. I’m okay, I tell her, forcing myself to stand up straight. 
Aysa is already shivering—even I can tell it’s ridiculously cold here. Our breath billows in clouds around us, and a biting wind rips at our hair. We’re clearly up at high altitude, high enough that my lungs have to struggle to take in enough air. Wisps of white cloud blow by in the wind, and a few birds flit past us at eye level. 
“They’re not birds,” Aysa tells me, her grip on my shoulder tightening. 
Narrowing my eyes, I realize that she’s right: the birds land amongst the sparse mountain vegetation and turn to face us, their eyes red and green and silver like Keira’s. Other animals begin to emerge from among the shrubs and rocks, mice and hares and a pair of white foxes. 
On some silent signal—a command into their mind-link, probably—the crowd of animals transforms into a gang of Sentries, guns and Sentry bows trained on us. “Who are you?” one of them growls. “You have no auras, but you can’t be Senex.” 
“That girl’s a dheira,” the woman beside him says. “I recognize the gem on her forehead—that’s an ajna-stone, Ezke.” 
Ezke pulls his bowstring back a few more inches. “You’re a hundred miles north of the border, jnani,” he says to Aysa. “What do you think you’re doing here?” 
I step in front of her protectively. “She’s with me,” I tell him, shouting to be heard above the roar of the wind. “I am Cassatia Loraveire, and I’m here to speak with my uncle, your duke Saffron Carasten.” 
The Sentries take me in for a second, frowning. “She does look like the painting in the castle of the Loraveire girl,” one of them points out. I suck in a relieved breath. My father had commissioned a painting of me and my brother a few years back to send to the Carastens; I hated sitting for paintings more than pretty much anything else, but that painting might have just saved our lives. 
“My apologies, Cassatia,” Ezke says, lowering his bow; the others around him do the same. “We weren’t expecting you.” Now he just looks uncomfortable—he definitely wasn’t expecting this, and he has no idea what titles he should use to address me, not after the Heilagurs’ deaths and Evana’s takeover. Suddenly the balance of power has shifted in my favor. 
“It’s all right,” I say. “I didn’t tell my uncle I was coming. But I would like an audience with him, if that can be arranged.” 
“Of course.” Ezke nods to one of his companions, who shifts into a hawk and takes off in the direction of Hárfjall. “If you and your friend would follow me, we’ll escort you into our city.” 
❄❄❄ 
The Sentries lead us over icy rocks and narrow overhangs for a perilous twenty minutes until we round a bend in the mountainside to find a smooth, well-worn path snaking upwards to the gates of Hárfjall. A Katyran-driven carriage waits at the bottom of it to take us up, which speaks favorably to the reception we’re going to receive from my uncle. 
Haven’t picked up on any murderous thoughts yet? I ask Aysa. 
She shakes her head. “Not since the Sentries realized who you are, at least.” 
The carriage brings us up the slope and through the gates, which are pulled open by Sentries waiting in towers on either side just like in New Fauske and Svalbard. The Katyrans lead us through the city towards the castle lying in wait ahead; I do my best to ignore the Nixans and shifters gaping at us as we fly past them. 
When we reach the castle, Ezke helps us out of the carriage and takes us up the steps to the doors. He nods to the door guards to admit us, and we enter a long, well-lit hall with decorative blue-and-white stone beneath our feet. 
Ezke and his Sentries bring us down the hall and up a flight of spiraling stairs to a heavy golden door. It yawns open to admit us, and the Sentries gesture for Aysa and me to enter first. 
Swallowing, with Aysa’s hand resting comfortingly against my elbow, I step inside the giant marble room, my footsteps echoing through the empty open space. At the end of it, seated behind a long wooden table raised atop a platform, are the room’s only occupants: Duke Saffron and the Duchess Apphia in tall silver chairs in the middle, a Sentry and a priest to one side of them, and three young girls to the other—my cousins, Khione and Phesri and Inessa. I’ve never met them, but I know their names. 
I give a careful little bow when I reach the platform, standing a few feet behind its first step. “Your Grace,” Eske says over my shoulder, “I present to you Cassatia Loraveire, daughter of the late Duke Fenris and bond of the late Prince Iven.” 
“I welcome you, niece,” Duke Saffron says from his seat, nodding to me. “Thank you, Eske. You may go.” Eske and the rest of our escorts bow and take their leave of us, closing the golden door quietly behind them. 
“Thank you for agreeing to see me, Your Grace,” I say. “I’m sorry it was on such short notice. Given our current circumstances, I was reluctant to reach out to you formally before my arrival.” 
“Understandable,” the duke says. “We are certainly in a unique situation at the moment.” He gives me a small, cautious smile. 
What is he thinking? I ask Aysa. 
“He’s a bit wary,” she replies. “He hasn’t had any contact with Evana since she took over New Fauske—he’s wary of her, too, and is skeptical about the things he’s heard she’s been saying about you.” She shifts her eyes to his bond, Apphia. “The duchess thinks you shouldn’t be here, though; she knows what you’re going to ask, and she doesn’t think Saffron should get his province involved.” 
Well, at least neither of them wants me dead, I point out. 
“So,” Duke Saffron says, “what is it you wished to speak with me about?” 
I clear my throat. “Well, I’m sure you’ve heard all about what has happened in Svalbard and New Fauske, with the High Priestess Evana taking control of the throne after my father’s death and the deaths of our people’s royal family. She has my brother—your nephew—in her custody, and has wrested the rule of New Fauske form him, the province’s rightful duke.” The fact that Aren is only thirteen is, of course, immaterial when it comes to his claim to rule. 
“I’ve heard lots of things,” Saffron remarks. “I’ve heard that Evana was chosen by the Goddess to start a new royal lineage, and that you lost your claim to the throne by allying yourself with the Wardens.” 
“And the jnani, it appears,” Apphia adds, peering down at Aysa. 
I wrap an arm around her waist. “This is Aysa, my friend.” My heart squeezes a little at the word friend, but I do my best to ignore it. “I spent some time with her and her family before I knew what Evana was up to. I was trying to secure an alliance between the Nixans and jnani, a deal which our people have attempted to reach for centuries.” I raise my eyes to meet my uncle’s. “Then Evana showed up in the jnani’s sacred city and attacked us, killing Aysa’s best friend. She’s here with me to make Evana answer for her crimes.” 
Saffron nods. “And what of Evana’s accusations?” he prompts. “Have you really made alliances with Wardens?” 
I take a deep breath. “I have.” The table goes silent. Great Nixa, help me, I pray. If I’m not careful, this is going to be where everything falls apart. “Not because I have renounced the Goddess or anything we stand for, but because the Wardens are our only hope to keep Evana from corrupting it all. She’s using Nixa’s name to do evil, which I would say is worse than anything the Wardens are trying to do. Besides,” I add, lifting my chin, “I think Nixa’s War has gone on for long enough. Working with the Wardens to take down Evana might finally bring us some peace.” 
“A peace would be wonderful to consider,” Apphia says, “if the Wardens weren’t defiling Nixa by practicing dark magic to harm her followers. They are the ones who coordinated the attack on Svalbard City, were they not?” 
“Evana coordinated the attack with the avian clans,” I say, “and falsely blamed it on the Wardens. And no Wardens practice dark magic; they use Old Magic, same as our priests and priestesses.” I finger the ice-glass around my neck. “The idea that there’s a difference between the two is one of the many lies spread by Evana and her predecessors.” 
Apphia scoffs. Saffron turns to the man sitting on his right—Sansen, his province’s High Priest. “Is it possible that Wardens could have learned to practice the Goddess’s magic?” 
“I’ve never heard of any but Nixa’s chosen priests having the ability,” Sansen replies; “but then again, I’ve also never heard any accounts of Wardens practicing dark magic that ended up being true. I believe your niece is right in saying that Old Magic is the only practicable sort of magic—it is the only magic that I can credibly tell you still exists.” 
Saffron nods, stroking his beard; I raise my chin up higher. “So, Cassatia,” he says eventually, “I’m going to assume that you’ve come here to ask for our assistance in reclaiming your rightful position as queen of Nixa’s Kingdom.” 
“I have,” I tell him. “I’m asking for whatever help you would be willing to provide me, and asking that you support my claim over Evana’s.” 
“How do we know your claim is legitimate?” Apphia asks. “You were the prince’s bond for a short amount of time, but you carry no royal blood except for that of the Carasten family line. We’ve never before had a king or queen who was not a direct descendant of the first Heilagurs. You don’t even call yourself Heilagur; you still use the name Loraveire, if I heard Eske correctly.” 
Saffron lays a hand in his wife’s lap. “Her claim is legitimate if it is supported by our Goddess,” he says. “Fortunately, we have an easy enough way to determine that.” He nods to me. “You have not yet drunk from the waters of Nixa’s spring, have you?” 
My heart sinks. “No,” I admit. Every new king, queen and duke must drink from Nixa’s holy spring in Svalbard in order to receive the Goddess’s blessing for them to assume their role; if the Goddess does not approve of them, the spring water is meant to kill them. If it does not, they are blessed to rule until their deaths. 
“Then I cannot support your claim over Evana’s,” Saffron says simply. “Regardless of whether what you’ve said is true or not, neither one of you has been granted Nixa’s blessing to rule.” He looks to the Sentry sitting at the end of the table. “Fennec, my Sentry commander, will escort you to the spring if you wish to receive her blessing. Once you do, I can stand with you in good conscience.” 
I blink, fighting to keep the nerves off my face. “I’m not sure how safe it would be to travel to Svalbard right now.” 
“It would not be safe,” Saffron agrees. “But it is necessary to prove your claim. I would be willing to provide you with a plane to take you there and back if you so choose. If not, I will allow you to leave Hárfjall without harm, but I will not lend you my province’s support.” 
My mouth goes dry, my head spinning as I try to figure out what to do. Going to Svalbard now would be crazy; it’s got to be crawling with avians. I wasn’t sure where my uncle stood with Evana, but the Wardens and jnani are both pretty certain they know where the avians stand. It would be ridiculously dangerous. 
Then again, going up against Evana without all the support I can get is ridiculously dangerous. I knew exactly what I was signing up for when I made my deal with the Wardens—if I want to defeat Evana, danger is unavoidable. 
What do you think? I ask Aysa. 
“It will be risky,” she agrees. “But I think you should do it. I should be able to harness enough Old Magic to keep us out of sight. Besides, drinking from Nixa’s spring will give you a stronger claim to the throne among all Nixa-worshippers, not just your uncle’s men. I think it would be worth it.” 
I nod to her and return my attention to my uncle. “Thank you,” I say. “You are correct in saying that I must drink from the spring before I can truly claim the throne. I know that it is mine by right, so I will gladly travel to Svalbard with your Sentry commander to prove it.” 
“Then it’s settled,” Saffron says. “I’ll have a plane prepared immediately—you should be able to leave by tonight. In the meantime, the hospitality of my castle and the city of Hárfjall is yours to enjoy.” 
“Thank you,” I say, dipping my head. “For giving me a chance.” 


 
Eight Months Ago: Norah 
I ran as far as I could until my legs locked up and my muscles began to scream; I collapsed against a tree and gasped out breaths, feeling the world spinning around me. 
Jesus Christ. I had no idea what I was doing. I’d run off into the woods somewhere behind my neighborhood—I could hear frogs croaking and the gurgle of a nearby stream. But I couldn’t see anything; the sun had set over an hour ago, and no house lights shone through the woods. Somehow, in some horrible, unnatural way, I knew that was because of me. 
The strange electricity that had filled my hands earlier had gone out, but I still could feel the tingling that had accompanied it. I wanted to believe that it was all a hallucination, brought on by my panic and a lack of air, but my parents and Paige had seen it too; and even now, long after the crushing fear of my panic attack had ebbed, I could see no lights on anywhere . That wasn’t normal; blackouts didn’t happen for no reason. There were more logical explanations—someone snipping a power line, maybe—but I couldn’t bring myself to believe any of them. I’d done this. 
“What the hell is going on?” I whispered, pulling my knees up to my chest. “What is happening to me?” 
And then a voice answered from somewhere deeper in the woods. “You’re learning who you are, Norah Fitzgerald.” 
I tensed, whipping around to find the voice. But it found me first—there was a rustling in the brush, and the wiry figure of a man manifested in front of me, lit by the pale light of the waning moon above us. He was slim and tall, with floppy dark hair and the shadow of a beard. 
Now I was definitely hallucinating. People couldn’t move that fast. I’d heard his voice coming from at least twenty feet away. “Get away from me,” I choked out, pressing myself against the tree behind me as if I could will myself to fall through it. 
“I’m trying to help you,” the man said, crouching down to meet my eyes. His were as dark as his hair, glowing softly in the moonlight. “I’m a Novan, like you.” 
“What the hell’s a Novan?” I asked, trying to rack my brain for ways to get away from this man. Unfortunately, my brain was decidedly out of commission, and my body had no strength left for fighting. 
“Someone who’s different,” the man replied. “Who can do things that normal people can’t. Creating blackouts, for example.” He throws an arm out to the darkened houses behind us. “I thought this was your doing—the power’s gone out for miles in every direction. That’s why I came to find you.” 
“How do you know who I am?” I had no idea who he was; even in the dark I could tell that much. “And who are you supposed to be?” 
“My name is Tsikony,” he said, holding out a hand for me to shake. I ignored it. “And it’s my job to know who you are. It’s been my job since you were a baby. Aures Chaise, the leader of your people, has been paying me to keep an eye on you and report back to him.” He hesitated. “He was paying me, at least, until a couple of years ago. I haven’t been in contact with him in forever.” 
“Hold on,” I said, trying and failing to stand up. Every muscle in me was trembling. “Who are my people? What the does that even mean?” 
“Your order,” he replied. “The llyrsi; llyre in the singular. People who can control electricity.” 
“I can’t control electricity,” I insisted. “I don’t know how the blackout happened, or the…the currents between my fingers, but I definitely wasn’t trying to do it. It wasn’t anything I controlled.” 
“Your powers freaked out on you, then,” Tsikony said. “You’ve kept them repressed for so long, it was bound to happen sooner or later.” He grabbed me suddenly by the shoulders; I struggled, but his grip was too strong for me. “Look at me. You need to relax. Your freaking out is what’s causing this blackout, sucking the power out of everything around you. As soon as you calm down, it’ll end.” 
I really shouldn’t have been listening to this man, but he spoke with a conviction that made me want to believe him. Calm down, calm down, calm down, calm down. I closed my eyes and breathed in, out, in, out, in, out until my breaths steadied. I forced my mind to focus on happy memories, like watching movies with Paige or floating on my back in the ocean. And when I opened my eyes, the house lights behind us were back on, lending definition to the shadows of the woods and Tsikony’s face. 
He was right. It was me keeping the lights out, just like I’d thought. 
Tsikony smiled; I noticed that his upper canines were abnormally long and sharp, almost like a vampire’s. “See? I told you. You can control it if you let yourself.” 
“What are you?” I asked, my voice barely louder than a whisper. “Can you do that, too?” 
Tsikony shook his head. “I’m a different kind of Novan,” he explained. “Vamps, we’re called—it means that I’m fast and strong and can see through the dark. And it means I could keep track of you all your life without you having any idea.” 
“So you’ve been stalking me,” I said. “Ever since I was a baby, you’ve been paid by some guy to stalk me. Is that what you’re telling me?” As I spoke, my fingers flocked to the scar along my arm and began to pick at it, its pain bringing me the same sick sense of relief it always did. 
“Stalking has such a negative connotation to it,” Tsikony replied. “More like I was making sure you were okay, living as a llyre in enemy territory.” 
“Enemy territory?” My fingers dug deeper into my skin. 
He nodded. “The East Coast is Warden land,” he explained, “and the Wardens are enemies with the Nixans, who your people happen to be allies with.” 
I shook my head. “I have no idea what the hell you’re saying.” 
“It doesn’t matter. The point is, people like you don’t belong here. If I were a good vamp, I would’ve dragged your ass up to Boston eighteen years ago for a meeting with the Wardens. You don’t want them to know you’re here, trust me.” 
“Where do people like me belong, then?” 
“There’s only one place,” Tsikony said, “and it’s somewhere you’ve never heard of. What kind of phone do you have?” 
I blinked, the randomness of the question stilling my fingers. “What?” 
“What kind of phone do you have?” he repeated. “I don’t follow you closely enough to know that level of detail.” 
“The new Solas one,” I said. “The—the IV model, I think.” 
Tsikony nodded. “A Solas phone. The llyrsi made that, or they designed it, at least. They own the company Solas Technologies, among all sorts of other things. And they live in Sola City, a secret Chinese city hidden from the normal people of the world. That’s where you came from, where you were born.” 
I narrowed my eyes. My fingers had fallen away from my arm. “I came from an orphanage in China, not a secret city.” 
“Only because you were planted there,” Tsikony said. “You were meant to be adopted by a family like yours and taken back here to Warden turf. The llyrsi working for Aures Chaise ensured it.” 
“Why?” I demanded, leaning forward. “Why would they want to do that?” 
“I’m not completely sure, actually,” Tsikony admitted. “I know it was meant to be an experiment of some sort, for the llyrsi to see if one of their own could live safely on enemy lands. You were given special earrings to hide your aura and make it harder for the Wardens to find you. Without those, you would’ve been killed years ago.” 
I touched one of my earrings, its silver tendrils ending in crystals of beautiful clear stone. They were a gift from my birth parents, I’d been told; they’d belonged to my birth mother, supposedly, and she’d requested that I wear them always in her memory—and I had, though I didn’t entirely understand why. “Who are my parents?” I asked Tsikony. “Do they live in that…Sola City?” 
“I don’t know who they are,” he said, “but they should live there, yes. All llyrsi live in Sola City unless they’re off in Ireland hunting avians or something.” 
“Hunting what?” 
“Avians,” Tsikony repeated. “Bird-people. That was a joke, though—the avians are off-limits. But Aures Chaise is known for having a bit of an obsession with them. I’ve heard he’s trying to have some brought into Sola City, to put on shows for him or something like that. Against their will, I’m assuming.” He tilted his head. “The llyrsi are not typically the easiest people to understand.” 
I swallowed, finally finding the strength to pull myself to my feet. “I want to go to this place,” I said. “If it’s really where I came from, I want to see it.” 
Tsikony stood with me. “You aren’t going back to your home?” 
I remembered the horror that had been etched into my parents’ faces before I ran. “No.” 
Tsikony scratched the back of his head. “Well, okay. I’ve never been there, of course, but Aures sent directions to me in case he ever wanted me to take you back there. He hasn’t asked me to, but I guess you have a right to return on your own.” He narrowed his eyes. “You’re an adult now. You deserve some answers.” 
“I do,” I agreed, biting my lip. If there was one thing I needed after everything that had happened in my life, it was answers. 
Tsikony beckoned me away from the tree. “Come on,” he said. “I’ll take you back to my place, and then we’ll figure out how to get you to China.” 
I hardly knew this man, and I hardly knew what was going on; but I knew the only way to find out more was to follow him, and the prospect of being subject to this horrible confusion for even a minute longer filled me with more fear than the prospect of following a stranger through the woods. I need to learn who I am. What I am. 
So I nodded and accepted the hand he offered me, letting him lead me farther and farther away from home. 


 
5 December: Norah 
I am eating lunch alone in the Warden bunker’s giant underground cafeteria, feeling the uncomfortable prickle of curious eyes all around me and wishing that Jordi, who’d promised to meet me, would hurry up and get down here, when a Warden boy about my age slides into the seat across from mine. He’s slight of build with messy long hair and glasses—he looks like he’d fit right in with the gang of nerdy guys I used to code and hack with. 
“Hey,” he says, giving me a shy little smile. “I’m Mackey. I—I really wanted to meet you.” 
“Well, I’m Norah,” I reply, not attempting to mirror the smile. “What exactly did you want to meet me for?” I’ve gotten my fair share of nervous looks and half-glances due to my being the only llyre here, but no one else in the bunker has approached me so directly. 
“Oh.” Mackey glances down at his feet, then back up at me. “I was just interested because…well, I work here, outside the bunker, doing some development stuff for Ignacio. I help to engineer the new phones, actually. And I just wanted to talk with you because you’re, you know, a llyre from Sola City.” 
“Ah.” I smirk in spite of myself. “Well, sorry to disappoint you. I’m not really from Sola City; I grew up in back in the States with a family of Senex.” 
“You did?” Mackey blinks at me rapidly, caught off guard. “Oh, sorry. I wasn’t there when you guys were speaking with Gwen Revana, so I guess I didn’t get the full story.” 
I laugh. “No one did—I didn’t tell that to Gwen Revana. I didn’t tell her much of anything.” I look down at my hands. “I have been to Sola City, once. For about two days, before I was taken prisoner. It was amazing.” 
“I’ve always wanted to visit it,” Mackey says wistfully. “It’d be super unsafe for me, of course, given that it’s on enemy territory and all.” 
“I wouldn’t count yourself out just yet,” I tell him. “I grew up on enemy territory, in Annapolis. I had to wear special ice-glass earrings so you guys wouldn’t be able to find me.” 
“Annapolis?” Mackey widens his eyes. “That’s incredible. I grew up right around there, before I moved to Italy—the Wardens have a huge compound in DC.” 
“Wow.” I’d been to DC a thousand times before, right under a bunch of Wardens’ noses. It’s surreal to think about how much danger I’d been in throughout my entire childhood without even knowing it. A wave of anger burns through my chest at the thought, and I attempt to quell it by counting my breaths: one, two, three, four…. 
Mackey clears his throat. “Anyway, well, I was just going to ask if you were interested in seeing some of our new designs, since the llyrsi are kind of known for their tech and everything. I didn’t realize—” 
“I’d love to see your designs,” I interrupt him, perking up instantly. Finally, something that might interest me. “Can we go now?” 
“I…sure,” says Mackey, flustered. “All right.” 
“Great.” I drop my fork and jump to my feet, tapping my knee and forgetting all about my lunch date with Jordi. “Let’s get out of here.” 
❄❄❄ 
Mackey takes me out of the bunker, across a large fiery flower garden, and into another one of the Ignacio buildings in the complex. “Here’s where I work,” he tells me once we reach the fifth floor. 
I follow him down the hall, my fascinated eyes taking in the intricate concept boards and prototypes displayed in all the rooms we pass. “Look at this,” Mackey says, leading me into a room and waving me over to a phone on display against its back wall. “This is the new model of the Inferno phone,” he says. “It’s got some incredible voice recognition and filtering technology—it’s programmed to recognize the voice of its owner, no matter how loud the environment is around it. It won’t unlock for anyone else.” He grins. “It’s better than anything the Solas phones have, if you ask me.” 
I nod, not knowing enough about the subject to argue. “Do you have tech that you don’t release to the public?” I wonder. “The llyrsi do; I’ve seen them unlock their phones by scanning the ID chips they all have in their wrists.” 
Mackey’s grin widens. “The internal stuff is my specialty, actually. Come in here.” 
He brings me into another room, this one mostly empty with writing scrawled all over its windows and whiteboards and a few phones propped up against a sleek white table. He picks one of them up and shows it to me. “This is a Warden-issue model of our Flamethrower phone, identical to the Sen version except for a few modifications. My team has just finished updating its emergency alert system. We used to have a system where Warden leaders could contact all the Wardens serving underneath them through their phones, but we’ve modified it so the next model we send out will be able to alert other Wardens in case of emergency no matter who the phone belongs to; sort of like what the jnani have, I think, only with technology.” 
I don’t know what kind of system the jnani have, but Mackey’s words send my thoughts spiraling down a whirlwind of possibilities. Interconnected devices, an emergency comms system…. Oh, my God. 
“Thank you, Mackey,” I say suddenly. “So much.” My fingers begin to itch, jerking in time with the spinning gears of my mind. A feeling I haven’t felt in forever begins to rise up within me, the thrill of solving a particularly difficult problem. In this case, it’s a problem I’ve wanted to solve ever since I was thrown into the Glass Forest. 
“You’re welcome, I guess.” Mackey furrows his brow. “For what, though?” 
“For helping me figure out how to take down Aures Chaise,” I reply. 


 
Eight Months Ago: Norah 
Tsikony’s directions took me to Lanzhou in northwest China, the smog-filled, Los-Angeles-sized city into which I had been born. Or where I’d thought I’d been born, at least. I spent a night in the luxurious Solas Lanzhou Hotel, apparently a common place for llyre Solas Technologies businessmen to conduct whatever business dealings went on with normal people just outside their secret city. It was ridiculously expensive to secure a room, but I’d pulled all my money from my bank account before running off to China and was able to afford it. The next morning, I packed up my suitcase with whatever essentials I thought I’d need and made my way down to the concierge at the front desk. 
“Hello,” I said to her, feeling suddenly self-conscious. What if all of this was some big, stupid joke about a made-up place? But I needed answers, and I trusted what Tsikony had told me, so I did what he’d instructed me to do. “I need a ride into Sola City.” 
The concierge nodded, not looking confused or surprised in the slightest. I dropped my shoulders. “I will call you a taxi. Wait outside.” 
I rolled my suitcase out in front of the hotel and sat against it, tapping my leg and counting under my breath as I fingered the rosary around my neck. After only a few moments of waiting, a bright yellow car rolled up and stopped right in front of me, its driver’s door popping open. I looked inside—there was no driver. 
Oh, God. I wasn’t sure how I felt about mysterious self-driving cars. Cautiously I climbed in the driver’s seat with my suitcase, finding no gas or brakes and a large touchscreen where the wheel should be. 
I closed the door, and an automated woman’s voice said something to me in Mandarin. The touchscreen had more Mandarin words and a bunch of little country flags on it; I pressed the American flag, and everything immediately switched to English. 
“Please select your destination,” the automated voice said. The touchscreen displayed a digital map of a sprawling city. I had no idea where the hell I was going, so I touched a random spot in the middle. 
I heard the door lock shut. “This trip will cost forty US dollars,” the voice said. “Scan your SolaCard on the screen or insert cash into the slot beside it.” Not having a SolaCard or even knowing what that was, I pulled two twenties from my wallet, flattened them out, and slid them into the slot. The car took the money and immediately began to move, smooth and almost completely silent. It was an electric car, I assumed; I could feel the power of a strong battery underneath my feet. 
The car took me across the Yellow River and up into the mountains around Lanzhou. I followed my approach to the city on the touchscreen, the little car icon inching closer and closer. I could see nothing ahead but mountain peaks—but then the car took a sharp turn around a bend and there it was, the secret city stretching out ahead of me, almost as if it had materialized out of thin air. The buildings were bright and sleek and modern, the skyscrapers tall enough to pierce straight through the clouds. “Oh, my God,” I breathed. 
The car drove up to a set of tall black gates marking the city’s edge, and they swung seamlessly open as we approached. “Welcome to Sola City,” the automated voice said as we passed between them. 
Inside the city gates, the winding mountain road that had led me here instantly became a paved white surface—all the other roads branching off from it were the same, with no dividing lines or speed limit signs or traffic lights anywhere to be seen. If all the cars in Sola City drove themselves, I supposed there was no need for any of that. 
The car flashed past hundreds of homogeneous dark houses, all rectangular and flat-roofed and covered in solar panels, looking like sleek black cubes. Outside some of the houses there were men and women chatting or tending to lawns and gardens; a pair of kids flew by my window on motorized skateboards hovering six inches off the ground. And every single person I saw was wearing a strange black helmet that covered their eyes and ears, leaving only the lower halves of their faces exposed. What the hell is this place? 
As I neared the city center, the buildings grew taller and the number of cars on the streets grew larger. A few cars sped past mine filled with families decked out in the weird helmets, all paying no attention to the road ahead. 
Moving advertisements flashed against the sides of buildings and protruded from the sidewalks, showing off futuristic-looking gadgets and a blue drink labelled in English as a “Nixa Slushie.” People sat and slurped coffees outside cafés and offices and apartment high-rises, some with their phones or laptops connected by wire to their helmets. It was surreal—I’d felt like a foreigner from the moment I arrived in China, but this was a whole new level, like stepping onto a different planet. 
The car slowed to a stop in front of a large rectangular pool of still water, like the famous reflecting pool in DC but with a giant sculpture of an angel perched on a platform at its center. With a soft click, the driver’s door swung open to let me out; grabbing my suitcase from the back, I stumbled out onto the white road. “Thank you for riding with me,” the car said before closing its doors and driving off deeper into the city, ready to pick up its next customer. 
Unsure of where I was or where I should go, I spent a long minute standing in the middle of the road, taking in my surroundings and picking nervously at my arm. Cars flitted silently past me, all of them swerving effortlessly to avoid running me over. 
Finally I stepped out of the road and walked over to the pool, reading the English sign erected in front of it: PLEASE DO NOT SWIM IN THE AVIAN POOL. I shifted my eyes to the sculpture looming large over the pool: a beautiful young woman carved out of marble with a pair of magnificent wings stretched out behind her. I’d thought she was an angel, but really she was another kind of Novan, a bird-person who actually existed, at least according to Tsikony. In this world, winged people weren’t confined to the pages of the Bible; they just lived off in Ireland somewhere. 
I swallowed. I didn’t belong here, in a magical city full of weird helmets and self-driving cars. I had no idea what I’d been thinking, coming to this place all by myself. 
Then my eyes fell on two little boys standing on the side of the road up ahead of me, tossing a metal ball into the air and taking turns zapping it with the electricity shooting from their hands. I felt the tingling sensation in my fingers again, just like on the night I ran away from home; this time, though, I didn’t resist it, letting it strengthen until rivulets of electricity flowed between my fingers. 
Impulsively I stretched out my arm, and a streak of lightning arced all the way from my fingertips to the metal ball the boys were playing with, the force of its energy powerful enough to send the ball flying off to the side. “Hey!” one of the boys called as his friend raced after the ball, outrage clear on whatever fraction of his face I could make out underneath his helmet. “No adults allowed!” 
“Sorry,” I called back, but I was smiling. I looked down at my hands, feeling power rippling through my veins. I’d just zapped a ball out of the sky, and those boys had hardly batted an eye. I was just like them. 
Maybe I do belong here, I thought. Because even though I was in a secret city nestled deep in a foreign country, surrounded by unfamiliar sights and sounds that overwhelmed every inch of my brain, I somehow felt closer to normal than I ever had before. 
❄❄❄ 
It was after I’d spent two full days in Sola City, taking in all the buildings and technologies and crashing on filthy couches in gaming lounges, that I was finally marked as an outsider. I was sitting outside a café drinking the oft-advertised Nixa Slushie, a frozen ice-blue drink with a minty taste that was surprisingly good, when I noticed two men in black uniforms headed towards me, badges shining on their chests—Nova City Police. I knew immediately that this wasn’t going to turn out well for me. 
I put down my drink and stood to meet them, my hands starting to fidget of their own accord. “Is there something wrong?” 
“Why aren’t you wearing your Virtuset, miss?” one of them asked in perfect English. Virtusets, I’d learned, were the strange black helmets everyone here wore. 
My stomach dropped. “Oh, well, I lost it,” I told him, nodding anxiously. “A couple of days ago.” 
“A couple days ago?” the man beside him repeated. “And you haven’t been able to get a new one since then?” 
“N-no,” I stammered. “That’s not a crime, is it?” Is it? 
The men exchanged a glance. “We’re going to need to ID you, miss.” 
“What?” I asked. One of the men grabbed my arm roughly and twisted it around to expose the underside; I struggled to pull away from him. “Let go of me,” I protested. 
The man removed what looked like a barcode scanner from his belt and held it an inch above my arm—it beeped, and he glanced down at the display, frowning. 
“No ID,” he said. “You’ll have to come with us.” 
“What? No.” But both the men were twice my size, so they hauled me away with them and I didn’t even bother trying to fight back. One of them returned to grab the suitcase I’d been trailing along behind me. 
They threw me in the back of a black-and-white police car, self-driving like every other vehicle here. Both men turned around to examine me once the car began to move. 
“Who are you?” one asked. “You are not speaking Mandarin. Are you even a llyre?” 
“Of course I am,” I said. Heart pounding, I called electricity to my hands and showed them to the policemen. 
“Why don’t you have an ID chip, then?” the other man demanded. “Every llyre in Nova City is required to be implanted with one as soon as they are born.” 
“Look, I’m not from Nova City,” I said. I didn’t know how honest I should be with these men, but my brain didn’t work right when I got too nervous. “I was raised in Maryland. Your leader sent me there—Aures Chaise, I think? I just got back; I bet he’d like to speak with me.” 
The men frowned at me. “You want us to bring you to the Executive-Mayor?” 
“Yes,” I said quickly. “Please. He’ll be able to explain everything. You can’t throw me in prison, or wherever you’re taking me; I haven’t done anything wrong, have I?” 
“We’ll see,” one of them said. “But we’ll take you to the Executive Building and figure out if we can get this cleared up.” 
The car brought us right into the center of the city, where all the skyscrapers were, and up to the tallest building of all, a blue-green cylindrical tower with giant Chinese characters above its entrance. The car stopped, and the policemen escorted me inside. 
A woman at the building’s front desk looked up in surprise as we entered, saying something to the policemen in Mandarin. “I need to talk to Aures Chaise,” I said before they could respond, wanting the rest of the conversation to be in a language I could understand. 
“Oh.” The woman’s surprise was evident under her Virtuset. “Well, you can’t just go up and speak to the Executive-Mayor, miss. He’s in a meeting.” 
“Call him,” I said. “Tell him Norah Fitzgerald is here. He’ll want to know.” At least I thought he would, if I really were a special experiment of his as Tsikony had claimed. 
Shrugging, the woman pressed a button on the side of her Virtuset and began to speak Mandarin in a low tone to someone on the other end of the line. When she was done, she turned back to me and nodded, looking even more surprised than before. “He wants to see you.” 
The policemen led me into an elevator and pressed the button for the top floor—117. “The number you requested is a secure floor,” a voice said. “Please scan your ID for access.” One of the men held his arm up to a little scanner until it beeped and the elevator began to rise, fast enough to make my ears pop. 
Breathe, I told myself. You’re about to get some answers, like you came here for. This is a good thing. I drummed my fingers against my leg, letting the steady rhythm of it calm me down. One, two, three, four, five, six. 
Finally we reached Floor 117 and the doors slid open. The police led me out and past a door labelled EMERGENCY VIRTUSET COMMUNICATION ROOM: DO NOT ENTER in four different languages. They brought me down a hallway and up to a black metal door—one of the men pressed a button beside it, eliciting a gentle melodic tone. “Let her in,” ordered a flat voice through a speaker system. “Alone, please.” 
The policemen backed away as the door slid open. I gave them one last nervous glance before stepping inside, the door sliding shut behind me. 
A man and woman, neither of them wearing Virtusets, were sitting together on a couch hugging one of the back corners of the room. The man was Asian with tidy hair and a neatly-trimmed beard; the woman was a beautiful blonde dressed in white, the first person I’d seen in Nova City who didn’t look Chinese. 
An ornate dais stood in the center of the room, topped by a statue of a winged boy—an avian—with his arms outstretched. Mandarin quotes covered the walls, and the entire circular roof of the building was a window, letting soft rays of sunlight filter in from above. 
The man gestured to an armchair across from his couch, a tiny smile lifting his lips. “Welcome, Norah. Please, make yourself at home.” 
Nodding and attempting to smile back, I took the seat he offered me and crossed my legs neatly at the ankles, my heart quickening as I braced myself for what he was going to tell me. I sensed that I was finally about to learn why I’d felt so different all my life, why I’d been sent to live the life I’d lived. 
The man held out his hand. “I’m Aures Chaise, Executive-Mayor of Sola City.” The woman beside him lifted her eyes to lock with mine but didn’t give a name herself. 
“Pleased to meet you,” I said, leaning forward to shake Aures’s hand. “This place is amazing.” 
“You like the roof?” the woman asked, pointing upwards. “It’s not really a window—I helped Aures design it with Old Magic to look like a sky. I can change it, too.” She waved a hand, and suddenly the clouds overhead were painted with the red and purple hues of sunset. I choked on my breath at the sight of it. 
“This is the girl I told you about earlier,” Aures said to the woman. “The girl I sent to live on Warden territory.” 
“Is it really?” she marveled, tilting her head as she looked me up and down. “She’s had quite an interesting life, I’d bet.” 
“Why did you send me away?” I asked; I didn’t mean for it to sound accusatory, but it came out so anyway. “It was…for an experiment, or something?” 
Aures laughed. “Well, you could say that,” he said. “You see, not only am I in charge of this city—I also run Solas Technologies, one of the largest corporations in the world. And it’s not optimal for business when half the physical world is off-limits to you. I had you sent overseas with special earrings made from ice-glass, which were rumored to be able to protect you from being detected by our enemies; I wanted to see if what I heard was true, if llyrsi really could live on Warden lands without being discovered. And my experiment was quite a success, I must say. So much so that before I met my friend here, I’d already begun sending my people out to find some ice-glass I could equip my executives with.” 
I tasted metal in my mouth, the tang of it growing stronger and stronger as Aures continued to speak. “You’re saying you sent me away from here, away from my family, just to figure out if you could increase your business prospects?” That was it, the entire purpose for all of it, the entire purpose for me? 
“Well, I didn’t take you away from any family,” Aures replied. “You never had one here. You were a product of IVF between myself and one of my engineers who agreed to rent her womb out to you. It was all very top secret, actually—only a few people in this city ever learned of your existence.” 
“Wait a second.” I sat back, unable to believe what I’d just heard. My fingers dug deep into my scarred arm. “You’re my father?” 
“Biologically, yes.” 
“And you left me in a foreign country with some vampire guy to spy on me, where I was in constant danger of being killed by a bunch of enemies I wasn’t even aware of?” My voice climbed up about half an octave. 
“It turns out you weren’t in any danger, though, as long as you wore your earrings,” Aures said, pointing to them dangling from my ears. “And we didn’t want you to be aware of the Wardens and the threat they posed to you; we didn’t want you to alter your behavior to account for that.” 
I felt tears pricking my eyes. “So you decided not to tell me anything. Anything about what I was or where I came from or the fact that I can do this.” I raised a trembling hand, electricity crackling between my fingers. 
“And according to the reports I received from Tsikony, you were living a happy, blissfully ignorant life with your Sen family until just now,” Aures replied matter-of-factly, oblivious to my tears. 
By this point I was shaking all over. “It drove me crazy,” I whispered. “I thought I was insane, hallucinating when I sensed things that everyone told me weren’t really there.” My mind was bound to be all messed up anyway, but the llyrsi thing had made everything a hundred times worse. “I caused a blackout without even trying to, and I had to run away from home after my family saw what I could do.” 
“Uh-oh.” Aures looked to his companion almost sheepishly. “Senex being exposed to Novan powers. I’m afraid that bit violates your Trinity, doesn’t it, my dear?” 
The woman gave him a little smile in response, planting a kiss on the side of his cheek. “I think we can let it slide,” she said. “We have plenty more important things to worry about.” 
“We do,” Aures agreed, turning back to me. “Like you, for example.” He sighed. “You see, I stopped paying your vamp guard to watch over you a long time ago, after the two of us here made a particularly game-changing deal that rendered my experiment with you redundant. I’ve since learned all sorts of things about ice-glass and Old Magic—apparently, the Nixan priests have been sending Novans into enemy territory unnoticed for years, unbeknownst to the rest of us. My experiment was proven a success decades before you were born.” He brushed a hand tenderly across the woman’s face, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. “Together the two of us are going to change the world, bring about a whole new era of human history. You, Norah Fitzgerald, don’t seem to fit into that plan, unfortunately.” 
I clenched my fists. “What does that mean?” 
“It means I have no use for you,” Aures said simply. “And I’d prefer that your story doesn’t make it outside these walls—the last thing I need right now are more nosy questions from outsiders.” He squeezed the woman’s shoulder. “Not to mention the fact that you’ve seen the two of us together; we can’t have that getting out, can we?” 
“I don’t care about your love affair,” I blurted out. “I don’t even know who you are.” My heart was beating somewhere in my throat—I didn’t know what Aures Chaise wanted to do with me, but I felt quite certain I wouldn’t like it. “Look, I’ll leave the city and go home—you can get someone to escort me out if you don’t believe me. I’ll never come back here again.” 
Aures smiled. “I said you’re of no use to me; I didn’t say you’re of no use to anyone.” He pressed a button on his desk, and the metal door behind me slid open, revealing three guards with guns. They filed into the room and lined up behind my armchair. Shit. Oh, God. 
“There’s a battle coming, Norah,” the woman said to me. “One that will involve every single one of the Novan orders. We need to learn more about each of you, learn the full extent of your powers and how to neutralize them, so the people of this city can figure out what weapons they must develop.” The side of her mouth quirked up. “Aures has commissioned a team of scientists to study these things.” 
“I would never turn one of my city’s citizens over to be experimented upon…but you’re not one of my citizens, and you’ve been an experiment since the day you were born, so you’re the perfect candidate for this program.” At Aures’s nod, the guards behind me grabbed my arms and pulled me up from my chair. 
I screamed, kicking out and flailing, but it did no good. I had never been much of a fighter. “Why are you doing this to me?” I said through gritted teeth, looking Aures Chaise dead in the eyes. My voice was quivering and my cheeks were wet with tears, but the anger heating my words couldn’t be any clearer. “You’re my father.” 
Aures shook his head ruefully. “I’m afraid the only father you’ve got is seven thousand miles away.” 
And then I felt a needle pierce my skin, and Aures’s cold smile faded quickly into nothingness. 


 
5 December: Freya 
I’m sitting on top of Roery’s bed and helping him preen his feathers with Jordi when Norah comes barging into the room, out of breath with her wild gaze flicking around frenetically. “What the hell?” I ask. 
“Oh, good—you’re in here already,” she says to me. “Where’s Baz?” 
“Off with Wes somewhere,” I tell her. “Why; what’s going on?” 
“I guess he probably couldn’t come with us anyway, since he’s not used to his leg yet.” 
“Come where?” 
“I don’t think I’ve ever seen you look this excited before, Norah,” Jordi observes. 
“Probably not,” she agrees. “I think I just figured out how to solve the problem with the llyrsi.” 
“What do you mean?” Roery asks, leaning forward and pulling in his wings. I tuck one of his stray feathers behind my ear, planning to later braid it in among the other feathers in my hair. 
Norah paces across the floor. “Well, like I said, Aures and Evana have been working together since before Evana took over. He’s completely in love with her, but the rest of the llyrsi have no idea—Aures must have convinced them that it’s in their best interest to help out Evana, even though it definitely isn’t. If they knew about Aures’s secret plans or his affair with Evana, there’s no way they’d risk their lives to follow her into battle. The llyrsi aren’t fighters, and there’s really nothing for them to gain if they choose to help Evana out rather than stay neutral.” 
“And how do you know all of this?” I ask. “That they’re having a secret love affair or whatever?” 
Norah clenches her fists and stops pacing; she clearly doesn’t want to talk about this, but if we’re going to help her with whatever she’s planning, we need to know the details. “I saw them in Sola City together, right before I was shipped off to Antarctica. One of the reasons they sent me away is because they didn’t want their secret getting out.” 
“When exactly were you in Sola City?” Roery asks. “How did you get there if you were raised by Senex?” He clearly has the same idea—if Norah wants our help, she’s first going to have to tell us about all the secrets she’s been keeping. 
Norah closes her eyes, taking a deep breath. “Aures Chaise was the one who sent me to live with the Senex in the first place,” she explains. “I was an experiment for him, to see if a llyre could live on Warden territory without being found out.” 
“That’s why you have your ice-glass earrings,” Jordi says, nodding understandingly. 
“Yes,” Norah replies. “I found my way back to Sola City on my own—but by then, I was useless to Aures, and he didn’t want anyone to know about me. He’d already made a deal with Evana to start the Glass Forest experiments and help her prepare for battle. The point is, I can get Aures to reveal some things he doesn’t want to be revealed, ideally to the entire llyrsi population. No llyre would support his war effort then.” 
“Okay,” I say, crossing my arms. “So how exactly do you plan on doing that?” 
Norah begins to pace again, her circles across the wood growing tighter and tighter as she explains. “Well, the llyrsi have these things called Virtusets that they wear in Sola City, basically all the time. They’re like helmets that cover the eyes and ears, almost like a VR headset. I don’t know too much about how they work, but I know they’re all connected through some sort of closed network, and they can be used to transmit different kinds of information.” 
“Whoa,” Jordi says. “Slow down. You’re talking too fast. And you’re making me dizzy.” 
“Sorry.” Norah forces herself to stop and sit down on her bed. “Anyway, Aures has an emergency communications room right by his office—I saw it when I was brought there—which I assume he uses to override whatever’s being shown on Virtuset displays so he can send out important information when he needs to. Which means that, if we could hack into that system and give another one of the Virtusets permission to transmit an override broadcast, we could get all the llyrsi in the city to see what we want them to see.” 
“That actually sounds like a pretty good plan,” I admit. “All we’d have to do is get Aures to say something incriminating, and we’d piss off the llyrsi enough to get them to back out of this fight.” 
“Exactly.” Norah drums her fingers against her leg. “The problem is, I’m going to need someone to help with the override hacking. Which one of you is best with computers?” 
“Well, I grew up in a cave,” Roery points out. 
“And I spent most of my childhood underwater,” Jordi says. “The aquines have their own technologies, but they’re very different.” 
Norah looks to me; I shrug. “I once hacked into my high school’s grading system on a dare and gave my whole class A’s in Spanish. No one ever found me out.” 
“Well, at least that’s something,” Norah concedes. “I’ll have to teach you what I need you to do—hopefully you’ll be able to figure it out.” 
“So how are we going to get an audience with Aures Chaise?” Roery asks. 
“Well, that’s where you come in,” Norah says to him. “You and Freya both have to come to Sola City with me.” 
“If they’re going, I’m coming too,” Jordi interjects. “We should stick together.” 
“Wait—I’m confused,” Roery says, his reddish brows knitting together. “What do you need me for?” 
Norah meets his eyes and gives a small, slightly mischievous smile. “Well,” she explains, “Aures Chaise kind of has a thing for avians.” 


 
6 December: Aysa 
The flight to Svalbard is long and comfortable—Cass and I are given a small jet of Duke Carasten’s to travel in, complete with cushioned reclining seats and personalized temperature controls, which are very useful when you’re sitting next to a Nixan. Fennec the Sentry commander sits across the aisle from us, and another Sentry pilots the plane up front. I fade in and out of sleep for the majority of the flight until the pilot’s thoughts grab my attention; we’ve reached the northern coast of the Scandinavian Peninsula and now have only a short trip over the sea to Svalbard. 
I nudge awake the dozing Cass beside me. “We’re almost there,” I tell her. 
She yawns, stretching her arms out above her head. She’s still wearing the white dress she came to Hárfjall in, though it’s been wrinkled and dirtied by the flight and our earlier trek through the mountains. Her light blonde hair is tangled and frizzy, sticking out in all directions; I can’t imagine I look any better. 
I slide up the window cover beside my seat to find us skimming just above the clouds—even from inside the plane I can tell how cold it is outside. It’s dark, too; during the winter, the sun never fully rises this far north. The sky is lighter in tint because it’s meant to be the middle of the day—nautical twilight, according to Cass—but regardless, Svalbard is not exactly the first place I’d choose to travel to in December. 
Fennec informs the two of us that we’re almost there, bringing Cass and me to share a little smirk. I wish I didn’t have to wear a thought-block—not only has it been sapping my strength, it’s also proven to be a source of great frustration. Cass always tries to make sure I have some sort of voice, but it’s hard for her to talk for both of us. I trust Cass, of course, but I don’t like having to rely on someone for something as simple and important as talking to other people. 
As we near the island of Nordaustlandet, the pilot up front reports avian activity popping up on the aura detector built into the plane. Casting out my thoughts as far as I can under the strain of the thought-block, I find that he’s right; there are swarms of avians on patrol all over the island up ahead. I try to probe into a few minds and gather some more information, but my head begins to ache from the exertion and I’m forced to retract my cast-range. 
“The avians are keeping close to the ground,” I tell Cass. “We should be fine if we stay in the clouds, unless they’re able to hear the plane’s engine.” 
Cass relays the information to Fennec, who shakes his head and says that the plane is too high and too quiet to be heard from the ground—it’s a stealth plane, designed to make as little noise as possible. 
“How are we going to land, though?” I ask via Cass. 
Fennec replies that we can’t, that if the avians have the island covered there’s no way the plane can make it to the ground undetected. Then another thought flashes through his mind that makes me shiver. 
“Oh, no,” I say. 
Cass turns to me. What? 
“He wants us to skydive out of the plane,” I tell her. 
Fear streams through Cass’s thoughts, and she gives Fennec a resounding no. 
Fennec blinks, disturbed to realize I was picking through his head, though he really should have known that’s the only way I’ve been able to understand him this whole trip. He insists that there’s no other way we can land. 
Could you use Old Magic? Cass asks me, glancing down at my ice-glass ring. Could you turn the plane invisible? 
I shake my head. “That’s too much for me,” I tell her. “I don’t have the energy or the expertise.” Reluctantly I add, “I probably could make the two of us invisible, though. If we were to do the skydiving.” 
Cass buries her head in her hands for a long minute. Slowly the initial fear seeps from her thoughts to be replaced by a steely determination. Well, we’ve come this far, she points out, lifting her head at last. Skydiving has got to be less dangerous than facing Evana without my uncle’s help. I nod my agreement. 
Fennec pulls two harnesses out of the compartment above his head and untangles their maze of straps and buckles. He wants us to do a tandem dive, which means we’ll be tied together with only one parachute for the both of us. That sounds less safe to me, but Fennec assures us it will work better. He’s a bit surprised by how nervous we are to do the dive, given that he’s been swooping down from the sky himself since he was a little kid. I don’t think he quite understands the difference between freefalling as a bird and freefalling as two very much flightless human beings. 
I’m put in front, with Cass behind me; I can feel her shaking as Fennec harnesses us together, and her frightened thoughts only add to my own fear. I’ve always been somewhat afraid of heights—sailing above the clouds in a plane doesn’t bother me, but falling so fast my stomach drops out from under me does. Avi and I once took our family to an amusement park in Delhi, and I’d been too scared to ride even the tamest of roller coasters. Jumping out of a plane is much further outside of my comfort zone. 
The parachute is strapped to Cass’s back in what looks like a tight-fitting backpack, and Fennec shows her how to release it when the time comes. He’ll make the dive with us as a bird and give us a signal when we’ve reached the right altitude to deploy the parachute. I tell him through Cass that he can just send me a thought, the same way he sends thoughts to his Sentries through their mind-link. 
Turning Cass and myself invisible is easy, easier than it ever was when I was training in Rajashray; the amount of adrenaline coursing through my veins is ridiculously high, and my ice-glass ring has gone red-hot from the excitement. It only takes a simple thought for the two of us to vanish into thin air. Fennec doesn’t attempt to conceal his surprise at the sight of it. 
The pilot pushes a button in the cockpit—at its signal, a large hole in the side of the plane slides open, admitting an unwelcoming blast of frigid winter air. I lead Cass over to it, nearly tripping over her feet as we try to walk tied together without being able to see each other. Standing right at the edge of the flooring, I look down into the dark sea of clouds spread beneath me, wondering how far we are from the ground. 
My heartbeat skips. “I don’t think I can do this, actually,” I tell Cass, going rigid. 
She’s just as nervous as me, but she’s able to be braver. You can, she insists. Her arms link around my chest. We’re in this together, right? 
I nod, though I know she can’t see me. Fennec shifts into a big silver bird—a gyrfalcon, his thoughts inform me, a bird of the Arctic with one of the fastest diving speeds. He swoops out of the plane, tucking in his wings and vanishing into the clouds. 
I gulp down a breath. “Okay. Ready, Cass?” 
Ready, she confirms, her grip tightening around me. Together, the two of us lean forward and leap from the plane. 
We plunge down through the clouds, enveloped in their thick, wet cold. I feel the wind stinging my skin and sending my hair flying back into Cass’s face. Cass has to briefly relinquish her grip on me to throw out the drogue chute, a small parachute that Fennec claims will help stabilize our descent and slow us down to a survivable falling speed. I certainly don’t feel like we’re falling any slower with it out, though. 
Finally we break through the cloud cover, allowing us to see the dark mass of barren tundra beneath us—the Austfonna ice cap on which Svalbard City was built. The city itself is to our right, silhouetted against the soft colors painted along the horizon. 
I grab on to the tight ball of Cass’s hands around me, feeling her breath on the back of my neck. I’m glad I did this jump with her—I never would have been able to do it on my own. She lets out a scream that I’m glad I’m not able to hear. 
A bird flies up beside us, pinpointing our location thanks to Cass’s scream; he plummets through the air at our side, keeping a close eye on the terrain below. Then the thought comes, loud and clear in my head: Open it now. 
“Now,” I tell Cass. 
She lets go of me again and reaches for the ripcord to release the parachute—her fear spikes as her hand fails to find it. Shit, Aysa. Where was it? 
“On your right,” I tell her. “Farther back.” I close my eyes; no no no no no. 
And then she finds it, and I feel a sudden tug on my chest as the parachute unfurls, slowing our fall and yanking us upright. The pressure of the wind against my face softens, and I open my eyes again to watch us drift towards the ground. 
Cass buries her face in my shoulder, breathing rapidly as we descend. I grip the invisible handles above my head and do my best to steer us down to a safe landing, managing to hit the ground feet-first. But the momentum from the landing yanks me forward and I wind up falling flat on my face in the snow, hard enough to hurt from both force and cold. Cass’s weight crashes on top of mine and presses me deeper into the ground, the parachute falling over us like a drape. 
I let out a breath I hadn’t realized I’d been holding in. I kind of can’t believe we survived that, Cass thinks. 
“Me neither,” I admit. 


 
6 December: Cassatia 
Fennec leaves us to scout out the path to Nixa’s spring, telling us firmly to stay put and stay invisible. But as soon as the silhouette of his bird form disappears into the darkness, my eyes drift over to the buildings of Svalbard City stretching out ahead of us, the giant towers of Austfonna Castle now half-destroyed. I can see the shadows of avian figures swarming around the city like giant birds. Even from a distance, I can tell that this Svalbard City is far removed from the one I saw the last time I was here. 
Somewhere within its gates are the slain bodies of the royal Heilagurs, the family I was meant to be a part of. I don’t really know what happened to them, aside from what Wes recounted to the Wardens of the attack on the city. Maybe they aren’t even dead; maybe Evana changed her mind, decided to lock them up instead somewhere out of sight. I’m struck with a sudden, strong desire to find out. 
Aysa touches my arm, having read my thoughts. “We can’t,” she says. “It’s not safe. The avians would kill us if they found us there.” 
But we’re invisible, I say; and they don’t know how to detect Old Magic, not unless Evana’s been giving them all lessons. We’d be fine. Biting my lip, I reach over to squeeze Aysa’s hand against my arm. You don’t have to come if you don’t want to. But I…I think I need to see what happened for myself. 
“You’re not going alone,” she insists. “If I’m not with you, I can’t be sure you’ll stay invisible.” I hear the sigh in her mind-voice. “If you’re sure you want to do this, I’ll come. We did just survive jumping out of a plane, after all.” 
I smile. Thank you. We’ll be quick, I promise. Taking her hand, I begin the trek through the snow, leading us in the direction of the crumbling city. 
“Fennec is going to kill us when he realizes we left,” Aysa says. I feel a shiver course through her body, tightening her muscles. She must be freezing here, I realize with a stab of sympathy. The Svalbard air feels great to me, cool and refreshing, but I know it’s barely tolerable to everyone who isn’t a Nixan. Extending a hand, I clear a path through the ice and snow ahead, allowing Aysa to walk on solid rocky ground; it’s not much, but it’s the best I can do. 
I have to stop parting the snow, though, when we near the gates—even our footprints could be enough to give us away here. The gates are cracked open, with no Sentries manning the watchtowers on either side; we squeeze through them easily and into Svalbard City. 
Inside the gates, a wide stone path snakes through the city, cleared of the worst of the ice and snow for the benefit of carriages. We’ve only just stepped inside when an avian man dives down from above us and sails just over our heads, close enough to send my hair flying up from the wind in his wake. Great Nixa. Aysa presses closer to me, trembling. I wrap an arm around her shoulders and struggle to quiet my breathing. This was such a dumb idea. Now that we’re here, surrounded by ruins and murderous avians, I’m not sure I even want to go through with this. 
“Yes, you do,” Aysa says firmly. “We’re not turning back now. You’ll be wondering about the Heilagurs for the rest of your life.” 
You’re right. Swallowing, I step onto the stone path with Aysa, and we walk down it hand in hand, keeping as quiet as possible and avoiding the patches of snow that line it. The Nixan homes around us are all abandoned, with several having been converted into storage space for weapons; the front entrance to the castle ahead has been reduced to mostly rubble. Avians swarm and swoop all over the place, hardly any of them on the ground. Our capital city, Nixa’s holy land, has become theirs. 
“Wes and the Wardens were right,” Aysa tells me as we walk, scanning through the avians’ thoughts. “The avians have made a deal with Evana in exchange for land. She’s the one who ordered them to kill the Heilagurs and the jnani slaves. And now she’s got half of them with her in New Fauske.” 
I glance up at the bird-people overhead with dread settling in my stomach. We’re going to have to fight all of these people, too. And no one, Wardens and Nixans alike, has any experience fighting avians; we made a pact of neutrality with them hundreds of years ago after a huge force of Sentries was defeated by a much smaller group of avian clans. There may not be as many of them as there are of us, but no one wants to mess with the avians. 
Suddenly Aysa freezes, her hand yanking me backwards. “Oh, no,” she says. 
My heart pounds. What is it? I demand. 
“I know where the Heilagurs are,” she says simply. “This way.” 
Aysa takes the lead, bringing me farther down the path before veering off onto a smaller one branching off from it, circling around the ruins of Austfonna Castle. A terrible, acrid smell fills my nostrils, growing stronger and stronger as we continue. 
And finally, as we round the corner of the castle, it opens up ahead of us: a giant platform stacked with hundreds of decaying bodies, Sentries and Nixans and avians. Even though I know we have to keep quiet, I can’t help but gasp at the sight of it. Aysa freezes again, but I pull her forward, needing to get closer. 
Off to one side is a row of five bodies lined up together, bodies I recognize from my last trip to Svalbard: Adryen, the city’s Sentry commander; Haizel, its High Priest; and the three Heilagurs, King Aknes, Queen Daphne, and Prince Iven, my bond. All of them have already begun to decompose in spite of the cold. 
A lump forms in my throat as my eyes lock on Iven’s body—his mouth is open, his throat slashed to pieces with dried blood webbing out from the wound. I didn’t know him very well, and I certainly didn’t want to be his bond, but Iven had always been nice to me, and his understanding had helped me make it through one of the most difficult times in my life. He would have made a great leader for the Nixans, I think; he was the last person who deserved to die like this. 
After death, a Nixan’s body is traditionally frozen over before being buried underground to preserve it as long as possible. But the bodies of the Heilagurs and the others are spread out in the open for the elements to ravage—they would be fleshless skeletons by now if not for the freezing temperatures. I wish more than anything that I could give them all a proper Nixan burial instead of leaving the bodies to waste away, but I know that in my current situation that would be impossible. 
I’ll get justice for you, I promise the bodies, my vision blurring with tears. Evana is going to pay for this; she’s going to pay for everything. 


 
6 December: Keira 
I sit next to Wes at Gwen Revana’s morning council meeting, fighting to stay awake as the Warden and ally leaders discuss everything from military strategy to the logistics of accommodating the flood of people pouring into the city, both of which happen to have also been topics at the previous day’s meeting. I feel very much out of my element here—other than Norah the llyre, we’re the youngest attendees by a good twenty years. But Revana needs Wes for his insight into New Fauske and Old Magic, and I’m supposed to be representing Cass, so we both try to suck it up as best we can. 
Things get a bit more interesting when Norah presents her plan to travel to Sola City and incriminate Aures Chaise in front of his people—she wants to take her whole Antarctica crew with her minus Baz, who’s still learning how to use his new leg. After a few minutes of deliberation, the council agrees that it’s a good plan, one where the potential reward is much higher than the risk. Wes isn’t too happy that said minimal risk includes the life of his sister, but Freya has apparently already made up her mind to go and Wes knows there’s not much he can do to stop her. They’re given plane tickets and a bunch of money and sent on their way. 
After Wes says his goodbyes to Freya, forcing her to promise him she’ll make it back from China in one piece, the two of us decide to take our minds off of the perilous situations our friends and family are currently in by renting a canoe to take down the Tiber River for some sightseeing. It’s a nice day, cloudy but warm for December, with a whisper of a breeze stirring our hair. 
“This was a good idea,” Wes says once we’ve pushed off from the dock, paddling backwards so he can face me. The river is slow and calm, its current gently rocking us from underneath as we peer out at the ancient city rising above the stone embankments that protect it from the river. 
“As long as it doesn’t start to rain on us,” I add. Rome is, I’ve learned, a very rainy city, at least in the winter. And the dark clouds above our heads don’t bode too well for us. 
“I’m surprised a badass Sentry like you can’t handle a bit of rain,” Wes says, raising his eyebrows. I reach down into the river and fling a handful of dirty water at him. 
“Ugh.” Wes gags on the water and tries to wipe as much of it as he can from his face, giving me an angry look. “Bet you hated living with mind-readers for so long—you couldn’t do shit like that without them knowing.” 
“Oh, I hated it very much.” 
“I’d hoped you would’ve learned something during your Indian exile, matured a little bit, maybe.” 
“I learned plenty,” I assure him. 
A thought that has been bothering me for a while shoves its way to the forefront of my mind; something must change in my expression, because Wes suddenly narrows his eyes at me. 
“What is it?” he asks. 
“Nothing,” I tell him. I quickly change my mind, though, because why the hell not? 
“You know the jnani boy Avi I told you about? The one Evana killed when she came after Cass in India?” 
“Yeah,” Wes says. “Aysa’s boyfriend.” 
“He wasn’t her boyfriend,” I say. “You’re actually way off on that one.” Way, way off. 
“Whatever. I remember. What were you saying?” 
“Well,” I say, “before all that happened, he told me something about shifters that I’m not totally sure I believe. But I also don’t not believe it, because it kind of makes sense.” 
“Okay,” Wes says slowly. “What did he tell you?” 
“He showed me this book,” I explain. “In this old jnani library that supposedly holds all these secrets that the rest of the world doesn’t know. It was about the history of the shifters, and it claimed that before the Nixan-shifter alliance, shifters had the ability to change their appearance. Their human appearance, I mean. And then the Nixans outlawed it, and the shifters forgot they could ever do it.” 
Wes shrugs. “Sounds like something the Nixans would do. But anyone can change their appearance if they have ice-glass.” He decides to demonstrate for me, turning his eyes an unnervingly bright blue for just a second. Show-off. 
I shake my head. “It’s different, though. It was saying that shifters could change their auras, too. Like I could give myself a Warden’s aura if I wanted to. You can’t do that with ice-glass, you can only mask your aura with Old Magic’s; and priests like Evana can tell if you’re using Old Magic. That’s supposedly why the Nixans found the shifters’ ability to be so dangerous—they could give themselves a Nixan aura, no Old Magic required, and pretend to be a Nixan king or something without anyone suspecting a thing.” 
“Sounds useful,” Wes agrees. “What are you saying? You want to learn how to do that?” 
“I don’t even know if I could,” I admit. “It hasn’t been done in so long; the ability’s probably been bred out of the shifter gene pool by now.” 
“I doubt it,” Wes says. “It’s just been suppressed.” 
“I’d like to try to learn it, at least.” There’s a seed of an idea brewing at the back of my head, one that would require me to learn to change my appearance and aura without the use of Old Magic. It might never come to fruition, of course—and I really, really hope it doesn’t—but I’d like to figure it out just in case. 
Wes nods. “I’ll help you,” he offers. “Between my Old Magic skills and your shifting skills, maybe we can get somewhere.” 
“I was kind of hoping you’d say that,” I tell him, which is true. “Thank you, Wes. Really.” 
“Wow.” Wes widens his eyes. “Did you just say something nice to me?” 
“I’ll push you off this boat,” I warn him. 
And that’s when it happens: the skies open up with a growl, and rain begins pelting down on us, going from nothing to a downpour in about five seconds flat. 
“Shit,” I say, attempting to cover my head with my jacket. “I knew this would happen.” 
Wes laughs. “Okay, I know I was joking before about not being able to handle the rain,” he says, “but now I really do want to get out of here.” 
Rolling my eyes, I send a second handful of river water flying at his face. 
❄❄❄ 
I lead Wes back to my room, both of us wringing water from our hair and breathing heavily from our run back to the complex. I collapse against my bed as soon as I’m within lunging distance of it, knowing I’m getting my sheets all gross but not really caring. Rhody jumps up from his little dog bed and leaps onto my drenched chest. 
“Whoa,” Wes says, peering around my room before lowering himself onto the bed beside me. “Your room is much nicer than mine is. This is like a queen-size bed.” 
“Pretty sure it is,” I tell him, scratching Rhody behind the ears. 
He shakes his head disbelievingly. “I never thought a Sentry would get better accommodations in a Warden bunker than me,” he mutters; for some reason, I find myself loving the sulkiness in his voice. “You, Cass and Aysa have got these big rooms all to yourselves, and I’m sharing one half this size with my sister. And Norah and the others were stuck with bunk beds.” 
I grin. “Gwen Revana wanted to keep Cass happy. Our rooms are in the same hall as all the other big leaders’.” Wes scoffs and falls back against the pillows; I pull myself up next to him, Rhody finally jumping off of me and returning to his bed. “I’ve never actually had my own room before—not since I lived with my foster parents, at least.” I turn to look him in the eyes. “You know, I’m not entirely sure I like it. It’s lonely, and way too quiet in the middle of the night. I’m used to listening to a bunch of snoring Sentries or Cass mumbling shit in her sleep.” 
“I wouldn’t mind sharing the room with you if it helps you out,” Wes says. “I don’t think I snore or talk in my sleep, but I’d do my best to annoy you anyway.” 
“Deal,” I tell him. “It’ll be your payment for helping me with the shifting thing.” 
Wes raises his eyebrows. “Really? I was joking.” 
“Well, I wasn’t.” I feel a weird tingly sensation somewhere in my stomach. “I’d like to have a roommate, Doorstep. And Rhody doesn’t count.” 
“Don’t call me Doorstep.” But Wes’s eyes are soft, his lips slightly parted in thought. His knuckles brush against the back of my hand, light as a feather; my heartbeat begins to pound in my throat for absolutely no reason. Somehow, Wes has wrested control of my body from me the same way Delphi had eons ago. And somehow, the always-bitter thought of Delphi feels easier to bear when I have Wes lying beside me. 
Making his decision, Wes wraps his fingers around mine, squeezing them gently. My heartbeat grows even louder. “All right,” he says. “Let’s be roommates.” 


 
6 December: Cassatia 
Fennec is furious when Aysa and I return to meet him outside of Svalbard City. He bounds over to us in dog form, following the scent trail left by our invisible bodies, and transforms back into his human self with a menacing glare visible even in the low light. “Where the hell were you?” he demands. “Did you go into the city? The city overrun by the avians who murdered our king?” 
“Sorry,” I say, fully aware that I don’t sound apologetic at all. “We were doing some exploring.” 
Fennec sighs. “That was incredibly stupid—unbelievably stupid. But I don’t have the time or the patience to argue about it with you, and I want to spend as little time in human form as possible, so I won’t.” Thank Nixa. Fennec points brusquely off into the snow. “I mapped out what I think is the shortest path to Nixa’s spring, and fortunately I found very few avians flying around it. They’ve mostly confined themselves to the island borders and the area around Svalbard City, I think; apparently they don’t hold the spring in high regard.” 
“That’s because they’re not Nixa-worshippers,” I say. “Why would they care about it?” 
Fennec kicks at the snow. “Anyway, I’ll lead you there now. Unless the two of you plan to go on another unexpected adventure, of course.” 
“We don’t,” I assure him. 
“Thank the Goddess for that.” Fennec takes off again in his falcon form, keeping low to the ground and only flying about ten feet ahead of us to make sure we can see him through the darkness. 
It’s a long walk to reach the spring, and I’m sure it feels even longer to Aysa, who keeps herself pressed close to me purely for the use of my body heat. Nixans naturally have cooler temperatures, but I’m certainly warmer than the Arctic air. 
I’ve never seen Nixa’s spring before, but I know what to look for from pictures and paintings: a giant statue of Nixa cutting through the tundra. Given the flatness and openness of the terrain, I can see it from a good distance in spite of the darkness; I point the statue out to Aysa, and the two of us take off in its direction, newly reinvigorated by the sight of it. Finally. 
We reach the statue, panting, and I crane my neck to take in the Goddess—she’s covered in a light dusting of snow, her arms extended out at her sides. Beneath her feet is a large hole with stone steps leading down into nothingness. 
Fennec swoops down from the sky and lands as a human beside us. With no avians anywhere in sight, Aysa returns the two of us to visibility. Together we peer down into the depths of the hole, our fingers linked tightly together. 
Fennec watches us expectantly, waiting. Letting out a breath, I lead the way into the hole, stepping down into the blackness with Aysa at my side. Fennec follows us, his feet crunching over the snow covering the first few steps until we’re completely underground, the weak light from the eternal twilight outside quickly fading away. 
We walk together down a dark, narrow hall, our breaths echoing against the rocks walling us in on every side. Finally, when I feel like I’m about to go mad from the blindness, we turn a corner and the pool of spring water comes into view, glowing a beautiful, soft blue between walls of ornately carved stone. Aysa and I step up to the water’s edge with Fennec right behind, all of us silently taking it in. With no light filtering in from any outside source, there seems to be no explanation for its glow other than Nixa’s magic. 
My mouth goes dry as I stare into the depths of the pool. After everything I’ve learned about Old Magic and ice-glass and generations of Nixan lies, I’m no longer sure what I believe, how to find the truth in all of it. I’m not sure I even believe in the Nixan goddess anymore, not when her own High Priestess is murdering her followers and trying to kill me—would a benevolent goddess really allow her to commit such horrible crimes in her name? Up until now, I hadn’t given much thought to drinking the spring water, though I know that doing so is meant to either kill me or give me Nixa’s blessing to rule. I guess that with everything else that’s been proven false to me over the past few months, I’d assumed the magic of the spring water had to be false also. But now that I’m here, I realize I’m not so sure. 
Aysa squeezes my hand. “It doesn’t matter if you’re sure or not,” she says. “Either way, you’re the rightful ruler of the Nixans. Your goddess would be lucky to have you rule in her name.” 
Fennec fetches a chalice made of ice-glass from a crevice in the stone and hands it to me. It’s studded with gemstones and has images of Nixa and Katyri chiseled into its surface, as well as Anakei, the first king of the Nixans. This is the chalice that every Nixan ruler throughout the centuries, all the way down to my father and Duke Saffron and King Aknes, has drunk from; the chalice that can kill or bless, depending on who raises it to their lips. 
Suddenly my hand begins to shake, the cup quivering in my grip. “You can do this, Cass,” Aysa tells me. “You just have to believe it.” 
I nod. I can feel Fennec’s eyes on me, watching me like a hawk. He’ll be reporting back to my uncle, telling him if I really could drink from the spring; I have to do this, whether or not the test is fake. 
Slowly I sink to my knees and dip the chalice in the water, filling it up nearly to the top. I stand again, close my eyes, and say a prayer for the first time in what feels like years: Please, Nixa—if you’re up there, give me your blessing. And then I drink, taking in all the water with one big gulp. 
I remember asking my father once what it felt like to drink the water from Nixa’s spring. He’d told me that it was unlike anything he’d felt before, that he could feel the power of the goddess well up inside of him and lend him her strength and wisdom. But I feel nothing now, just the chill of the frigid water on my tongue and down my throat. I’ve received no special power, nor do I feel like I’m about to keel over and die from any curse—I just drank a cup of cold spring water, unnaturally blue or not. 
Carefully I set the chalice down at my feet. Fennec examines me curiously, but I fight to keep my emotions off my face. “Well, that’s it, then. I did it.” The words taste like a bitter lie on my tongue. 
“Avtalte,” Fennec murmurs quietly. He bends down for the chalice, his eyes never leaving mine, and goes to return it to its original place. 
Aysa steps forward to run a soothing hand down my arm; I flinch a little at her touch. “Are you okay?” 
I should be, I reply. I should feel fantastic right now—I’ve just drank from Nixa’s spring, which should grant me a legitimate claim to the throne recognized by all Nixa-worshippers. I’ve taken my biggest step yet towards defeating Evana. 
But I feel only empty, like something inside of me has been hollowed out. I don’t feel like I’ve just received the blessing of the ice goddess; I feel like there never was a blessing to give, or a goddess to give it. Like the magic that makes the spring water glow is no different than the magic that had kept me and Aysa invisible—an illusion, meant to deceive and nothing more. 
Earlier, Keira had told me not to let anyone take Nixa away from me, not even Evana—but more than anything, it’s this spring that makes me doubt her existence. I feel like I’ve been lied to my entire life, that all the hours I spent praying to Nixa as a girl had been a waste of time, that I was only ever speaking to air. 
And somehow, despite all that I’ve been through in the past few months, the loneliness of that thought feels worse than anything in the world.


 
7 December: Freya 
“I want to order room service,” I announce, my eyes scanning the English-language menu. “I’ve never had room service before. And I love Chinese food.” I never imagined I’d actually be able to go to China, given that it’s Nixan territory, but the little shard of ice-glass around my finger is enough to make territorial boundaries all but irrelevant. 
“Well, we have the money for room service,” Roery points out, peering out the massive windows of our suite. The Warden council awarded our mission enough funding for us to pick out a giant corner suite at the Solas Lanzhou Hotel, complete with two huge beds and a nice view of the Yellow River. Though I know we have to make our way out to Sola City as soon as possible, I wouldn’t mind hanging around here for another few days. 
“Have you gotten into the security system yet, Norah?” Jordi calls from within the cocoon of sheets he’s made on the bed he shares with Roery. 
“Just about,” Norah replies. I glance up from my menu to examine her, huddled in a darkened corner and typing furiously on her laptop with furrowed brows. She’s been working for about half an hour at this point. 
Roery settles back against a windowsill, pulling in his wings. “Imagine if our plan is foiled by the hotel firewall.” 
“It won’t be,” Norah says through gritted teeth. 
“You’re taking a whole lot longer to hack into that than you took with the scientists’ network in Antarctica,” he points out. 
“Stop it, Roery,” Jordi admonishes. 
“Their security’s more advanced than I thought,” Norah admits. “Probably because this place was built by llyrsi. They know what they’re doing—but I’m better.” She stops typing at last, sitting back triumphantly. “There. We’re in.” 
I scramble out of bed and hurry to lean over Norah; her laptop screen now displays the layout of the hotel. “We can get into any room we want now,” she explains. I squint at all the door numbers onscreen, hundreds of them. “We just have to figure out which one.” 
“And you’re sure there are llyrsi here?” Roery asks skeptically. “Not just a bunch of Sen businessmen? Because that’s what it looks like to me.” 
“Positive,” Norah promises. “This is where the llyrsi come to meet up with Sen businessmen, because the Senex can’t come into Sola City themselves. Trust me, they’re here.” 
“And you’re sure they’ll have brought these Virtuset things along with them?” I ask. 
“Definitely. The llyrsi I saw in the city were all wearing Virtusets, all the time. That’s how they realized I wasn’t like them, because I didn’t have one. If the llyrsi are that addicted to those things, they’ll have brought theirs here for whenever they’re not out in public with Senex. All we have to do is steal a few of them, and we’ll be all set for Sola City.” 
“So, how do we figure out who’s a llyre and who’s not?” Jordi asks, finally climbing out of his cocoon. 
“We’ll just have to pay attention,” Norah replies. “I have a feeling it won’t be very difficult.” 
❄❄❄ 
The four of us are sitting with our backs against a tree in the hotel lobby when I see it. A middle-aged, slightly overweight man pulling a phone from his pocket, swiping his wrist above its screen and raising it to his ear in one fluid motion. 
I elbow Norah in the side. “That guy,” I say, pointing him out as he heads towards the front desk. “He’s got to be a llyre—he just swiped open his phone with his wrist.” 
Roery narrows her eyes. “You sure he doesn’t use his fingerprint?” 
“Yes,” I insist. “It was his wrist; I saw it. You told us that’s a llyre thing, Norah, right?” 
Norah nods. “The llyrsi have ID chips embedded in their wrists,” she murmurs. “I don’t know everything they’re used for, but I’m sure they can unlock phones.” 
“That’s really cool,” Jordi says. “A bit gross, though.” 
“Come on.” Norah pulls away from the tree and the rest of us follow behind, inching within earshot of the llyre man as he reaches the front desk and begins speaking Mandarin to the woman behind it. 
“Well, that doesn’t help us,” I mutter. “Anyone know Chinese?” 
“Nope,” says Norah. “Fortunately for us, though, this phone has got some amazing voice targeting software.” She pulls out an Ignacio phone—an Inferno model I’ve never seen before—and opens up a translator app, using the phone’s camera to indicate the source of the voice she wants translated. 
“That’s awesome,” I say, shaking my head. “I didn’t even know we made phones that could do that. How the hell did you get one?” 
Norah lowers the phone, ignoring me as per usual. “He said he wants fresh towels.” 
“That means he’ll have to give a room number,” Jordi points out. 
He provides us with one after a quick back-and-forth conversation with the woman at the desk—421, according to Norah’s phone. 
“Perfect,” Jordi says. “Now we just need a way to distract him until we can get in and out of there.” 
“You guys can figure it out,” Norah says, pointing back to him and Roery. 
“How?” Roery demands. 
“You’ll think of something,” I say, relieved that Norah didn’t appoint me to be the distractor. “Start speaking Irish to him—that freaked out the Glass Forest llyrsi enough.” Before he can protest further, Norah and I slip past him and Jordi and head for the elevators. 
“421, 421, 421,” Norah repeats until we reach the room, adjusting the bag in her hands methodically. I knock once to make sure no one is inside, pressing my ear against the door; after a good minute of silence, I nod to Norah. She opens up her laptop and types in a command, and the door clicks open. 
We slide inside to find a room darkened by drawn curtains with two unmade beds. Two beds means at least two llyrsi, and hopefully at least two Virtusets. 
“Split up,” I say quietly to Norah. She heads for the closet while I begin to sift through the drawers and cabinets of the room’s kitchenette and dressers. I find a couple of cords tangled amongst bras and boxers that look like they plug in to something electronic, but nothing else. 
“Found them,” Norah announces, emerging from the closet with three sleek black helmet devices. “Three of them—just what we need. There’s a laptop, too. They were in the room’s safe, but I unlocked it.” 
I jump up and turn to face her, eyeing the Virtusets curiously. “So what’s the point of those, exactly?” I ask. “What do they show you?” 
“I’m not totally sure,” Norah admits. “I’ve never worn one before.” The two of us share a look; then I take one of the Virtusets from Norah and throw it over my head, while she does the same beside me. 
I pull its black-tinted glasses down over my eyes and adjust the helmet until it fits me right. With a melodic tone, the Virtuset suddenly snaps to life, and a dazzling shot of a futuristic city covered in lights fills my eyes, taking me over buildings and down streets until I am breathless and dizzy. “Welcome back to your Virtuset,” a soothing voice says to me, almost like a whisper—it speaks in many languages at once, each voice slightly different in tone and location, but somehow the English is perfectly clear to my ears. And then the city is gone and I’m brought back into the hotel room, only now everything is enhanced in color and stands out in sharper contrast. Tiny words pop up across my field of vision, informing me of everything from the temperature outside to the origin of the sheets on the beds. I spin around in a circle, taking it all in. Wow. 
“It seems you are a new user,” the Virtuset’s voice says. “What would you like me to call you?” 
“Um…Freya,” I tell it, my own voice hushed. “Freya Dorsan.” 
“Hey.” A hand grips my shoulder and shakes it roughly, ripping me from the world of the Virtuset. I jump, my muscles tensing out of instinct. 
“Roery just texted,” Norah tells me. “The guy is headed back up here.” 
Straining my ears, I find that I can make out footsteps over the whisper of ambient music emitted by the Virtuset, their thumps growing louder and louder. 
“Shit,” I breathe. I pull off my Virtuset at the same time as Norah takes off hers and we throw all three into the bag we’d brought, tossing in the laptop and the connecting cords I’d found for good measure. We bolt for the door and pull it open just as the large llyre man reaches his room. Seeing us and our startled expressions, he immediately draws himself up and begins yelling at us in Mandarin. 
I freeze up, my heartbeat racing in my ears and my hand starting to shake with its relentless tremor; swallowing, I force myself back to my senses. I’m not scared of this guy. “You wanted new towels,” I say to him, patting the bag currently filled with his stolen tech while wearing the largest smile I can muster. Hopefully he understands English. 
“Oh.” He blinks, taking a step back. “I’m sorry. Thank you.” We nod to him, and as soon as he’s shut the door to his room we take off running down the hall. 
Jordi and Roery emerge from the stairwell, panting. “I’m sorry,” Jordi gasps. “It didn’t work too well. He just shoved past us and kept insisting he had to get back to his room.” 
“It’s fine,” Norah says, shaking the bag. “We got what we needed.” 
The boys’ eyes widen. “Oh, thank God,” says Roery. 
I nod, pushing my way past the two of them and into the stairwell. “You’re going to have to check us out, though,” I tell them. “Norah and I have to get out of here before that guy realizes he doesn’t have clean towels.” 


 
7 December: Aysa 
When we arrive back in Hárfjall, the plane landing on a cleared length of flattened land just outside the city and a carriage led by Katyran horses bringing us through the gates, Duke Saffron is already waiting to receive us. Fennec had told the city of Cass’s success in gaining Nixa’s blessing through his province’s Sentry mind-link, and it seems like every Nixan and Sentry in Hárfjall has gathered in front of the duke’s castle, parting quickly to let our carriage through. 
The carriage eases to a stop in front of the castle’s front doors, the duke and his family standing in a line at the top of the steps leading up to them. The carriage driver helps Cass down; as soon as her feet hit the snow, Duke Saffron gives her a long, deep bow, and the rest of the assembly immediately follows suit. 
I step out beside Cass, pulling my coat tighter around me and watching her carefully. She lifts her chin in acknowledgement, suddenly painfully aware of the fact that she’s only eighteen. Thank you, she says—even without being able to hear her, I can tell from her thoughts that her voice had come out too quietly for anyone to hear. She tries again, louder this time, pulling everyone up from their bows. 
I shift my attention to Duke Saffron, who smiles down on his niece; he hardly knows her, but he’s happy to support her, especially with the will of Nixa behind her. He congratulates Cass on winning the blessing of the Goddess and promises that he will stand by her in her crusade against Evana, the false priestess. A cheer erupts from the crowd at this, accompanied by a strong outpouring of emotion—Cass seems to have won the favor of the whole city after drinking from the spring. Saffron’s people are ready to take sides in this Nixan civil war, and they’re happy to back someone who has a familial connection to their city. There is doubt about working with the Wardens, of course; but the doubt is eclipsed by the blessing of Nixa, and the threat of a High Priestess acting against the Goddess’s will. The Nixans and Sentries here have much less experience fighting Wardens than do the Nixans of Europe—their hatred of them comes more from stories than experience. “You have all the support you need here,” I tell Cass happily. 
Cass smiles at her uncle. I appreciate it, from the bottom of my heart. I know you are concerned that I have allied myself with the infidels, but if we succeed against Evana, I promise you that we will make the Novan world better for all of us. 
Duke Saffron replies that anyone who fights to restore the rightful ruler to the Nixan throne is honorable, infidel or not. He believes that times have grown desperate in recent months, and that the Nixans and their allies need to reexamine who the real enemy is. A wave of relief washes over Cass, and myself as well; I’m surprised to find that Duke Saffron, a well-known terror to the jnani, is willing to be so open-minded. Maybe Cass is right, and we really can make the Novan world better for all the orders. 
Saffron offers Cass five thousand of his Sentries and five thousand Nixans to fight with her against Evana. The Nixans have not been formally trained in combat, he says, but they’re willing to fight in Nixa’s name and they know their powers well. He also offers Cass twenty Nixan healers from his castle infirmary. He’ll have them transported to Rome as soon as possible provided that they are guaranteed safe passage onto Warden territory. 
Cass is surprised by the numbers Saffron is willing to offer up—his total Sentry force can’t be more than ten thousand. I promise you, anyone you send to Rome will be safe and treated well by the Wardens—I have assurances from their leaders. 
Saffron nods. We can stay as long as we want, he tells us, and when we’re ready he’ll arrange for us to travel back. That’s very kind, Cass says, dipping her head; but I can already tell we won’t be staying in the city for very long. Cass is eager to return to Keira and the others in Rome—now that she’s wrested a crucial piece of support from Evana, she needs to start planning for what’s ahead: meeting the priestess herself face-to-face. 


 
7 December: Norah 
“You’re right, Norah,” Jordi marvels, staring out the window of our self-driving taxi. “This place looks incredible.” 
It’s night, the sun having just vanished below the horizon, but Sola City is nearly as bright in the dark as it is during the day. Every building is lit up in various vibrant colors, and the roads crisscrossing the city all glow a faint white. 
And through the Virtuset I’m wearing, the city is even more exciting—little boxes pop up onscreen telling me what events are going on in each place we pass, and after fiddling with the settings a bit, I’ve managed to get it to give me English translations of anything written or spoken in Mandarin. Whenever my eyes linger on something for too long, the Virtuset zooms in on it and provides me with more information than I would ever need to know; that setting is the most disorienting, and something I’d probably disable if I had more time to worry about it. 
Freya and Jordi are in the back, Freya’s Virtuset plugged into the laptop we stole. Though Freya needs the Virtuset for her hacking job—I’ve explained the steps she’ll need to take so many times today that she ended up throwing the laptop at me, so hopefully she knows what she’s doing—Jordi’s Virtuset is more to help hide the fact that he’s not a llyrsi, along with the jacket and pants and gloves he wears to cover his skin. Fortunately for us, the cold December air keeps him from looking too out of place. 
“All right, Freya,” I say, drawing her attention up from the laptop. “We’re going to drop you off at one of the gaming lounges I used to crash in the last time I was here—I know it’s got great reception, enough to handle everything you’ll need to do.” I’d run some tests on the laptop and Virtusets earlier to make sure they’re properly connected, ready to transmit all the information we need them to. 
The taxi slows to a stop in front of the lounge, and Freya shuts the laptop and climbs out. “I’ve got this,” she assures me. 
“You better,” I warn. “You won’t have much time to work when we get in there.” 
“I know,” Freya says; I can picture her eyeroll behind the Virtuset. “You’ve told me a thousand times. I can do it.” 
The backseat door closes of its own accord, and the car begins to move again. Among the sea of electronic ads along the road showing off new games and gadgets, a new one catches my eye: a job advertisement for engineering dry ice guns. 
Jordi notices it, too. “Basil and Freya said the Glass Forest scientists used dry ice on them, to make sure it could burn them.” 
“Of course they did,” I murmur. “They’re designing weapons to kill our orders based on the experiments they performed on us.” We might have escaped Antarctica, but the scientists there still got at least some of what they wanted from us. And if we don’t succeed tonight, the Glass Forest experiments might just prove to be the undoing of Cass and the Wardens’ forces. I take a moment to clear my mind and count my breaths, trying my best to curb the rush of anxiety that threatens to consume me. 
Then I turn to Roery in the passenger’s seat beside me, giving him a little nod. “We’re almost there. Are you ready?” 
He sighs. “I guess I have to be. I’m still not thrilled about it, though.” 
“Jordi, the chain?” I hold a hand out to the backseat expectantly. 
Jordi hands me an open black collar attached to a long chain that snakes across the back of the car. “Is it really necessary for him to wear all that?” he wonders. 
“It is necessary,” I promise. “He’s got to look like our captive.” 
“The things I put up with for you ingrates,” Roery mutters, eyeing the collar nervously. 
Jordi, for his part, looks just as uncertain. “You don’t have to do it if you don’t want to, Roery.” 
“He does,” I snap, my pulse rising to reach my ears. “Otherwise we came all this way for nothing.” 
I hold the collar out to Roery, eyebrows raised; reluctantly he takes it from me and fits it around his neck. I press a button on the end of its chain, and the collar seals itself shut and locks into place. The taxi drifts to a stop again, opening its doors and thanking us for riding in it. I shoulder my backpack and the three of us climb out of the car together, with me holding Roery’s chain and Jordi guarding him from the other side. Roery stretches out his wings, huge and dark and glinting in the artificial light. 
Immediately we begin to draw attention: by the time the car drives off, there are a dozen llyrsi gaping at us from the other side of the street. None of them have ever seen an avian before. 
I tug Roery forward, making him gag. “Careful,” Jordi says indignantly. 
“We have to get to the Avian Pool,” I say. “Come on.” 
“The Avian Pool,” Roery mutters. “Funny name for a place that’s never once had an avian in it.” 
As I lead Roery and Jordi along the side of the street towards the reflecting pool I remember, slowly so that we draw as much attention as possible, a rumble of conversation rises up around us, with llyrsi inching closer and closer while still giving us a reasonably wide berth. By the time we reach the pool, there are at least three hundred gathered around it. The water is dark and deep, with only the edges of the pool and the lit-up sculpture of the avian woman in its center giving off any light. 
“Time to show off,” I say quietly to Roery, wrapping the end of his chain a few times around my wrist. I hear the soft hum of filming drones overhead, circling the pool like vultures; one of them shines a spotlight down on the three of us, bright enough to make me wince. Roery gives Jordi and me one last look before leaping out over the water and pumping his wings to carry him off into the night sky. 
The llyrsi crowd gasps around us, necks craning to follow Roery’s ascent. The spotlight from the filming drone traces his path through the air, diving and careening and sailing upwards until the chain is taut around my wrist. Roery has more than enough strength to wrench himself free of me and fly off, but he skillfully avoids testing the limits of his restraint. Finally he swoops down to land on the shoulders of the avian sculpture, spreading his wings out gracefully behind him. Our audience claps and whistles, enthralled by the display. 
A man behind me says something that my Virtuset translates to “excuse me”. I spin around to find a llyre in police uniform with his eyes on me and Jordi. “The Executive-Mayor would like to speak with you.” 
I smile. “We would like to speak with him, too.” Jordi whistles, and Roery vaults off the head of the sculpture and flies back to us with a few lazy beats of his wings. The crowd watches with awe as we’re escorted into the back of a police car and carried off towards the Executive Building. 
I tell Jordi to replace Roery’s collar and chain with the shorter one we’d brought while I sit back and drum my fingers against each other, doing my best to keep my head on straight. This isn’t my first time making this trip, and things didn’t go so well for me before. But I’m prepared now—I clutch at the straps of my backpack, my hand sliding down to where I’d stashed the cylinder of spray gas the Wardens had given us. It’s kept in a special container that the Wardens believe won’t set off any weapon detectors, but it packs a strong punch: one sniff of the gas should be enough to knock out a full-grown man. 
Once we reach the Executive Building, the policeman leads us inside and past the front desk without a word. He herds us into an elevator, presses the button for the top floor, and scans his wrist to satisfy security. I check quickly for cameras to disable with a shock of electricity before I realize there’s no point in the llyrsi having security cameras when anyone inside the city could tamper with them. 
As soon as the elevator starts to rise, I whip the gas can from my bag, hold my breath, and spray a jet of orange chemical mist directly into the policeman’s face before he has time to react. He collapses to the ground with a loud thump, the cloud of spray dissipating almost immediately. 
I unlock the collar from around Roery’s neck and stuff it into my backpack. “Help me lift this guy,” I say to him, wrapping my arms around the man’s upper body while Roery takes his legs. I toss the gas can to Jordi. “Get ready to spray people as soon as the doors open.” 
But when the doors do open, the hall ahead is blissfully devoid of llyrsi. Roery and I drag the policeman’s body out of the elevator and towards the door that reads EMERGENCY VIRTUSET COMMUNICATION ROOM: DO NOT ENTER. I grab the man’s limp wrist and scan it across the electronic lock beside the door—it clicks open, and we shove our way inside. 
There’s a single man in the room sitting behind a set of computer screens; he shoots to his feet at our sudden entrance. “What the hell?” he demands. He reaches for a button on his desk, likely to summon security and ruin our plan; dropping the policeman’s legs and stretching out an arm, Roery sends the guy flying towards us with a gust of wind and Jordi sprays him with the gas until he’s nothing but a dead heap on the floor. 
“All right,” I breathe when they’re done, setting down the policeman myself and blowing nervously on my knuckles. “You two move the bodies out of the way, okay?” The boys nod their agreement while I circle behind the row of computer screens, taking the still-warm seat of the man we’d just knocked out. 
Okay. It’s easy enough to access the emergency communication system: there’s a big red link for it at the top of the main monitor. A display pops up asking for a security code—without missing a beat, I plug my phone into the computer and download my favorite password hacking application onto the system, a tool which can guess hundreds of millions of potential passwords a second without setting off any attempt limits built into the server. I type in a few keywords most likely to be used in the correct security code: Aures Chaise and Solas and, after a moment of hesitation, Evana. Then I let the program run its course, waiting with bated breath. My hacking tool has never been detected by a security system before, but I have no idea what kind of software the llyrsi have. 
Fortunately I had no need to worry—the application figures out the password, Solaoverride582ac, in only fifty-five seconds. “You need better security, Aures Chaise,” I murmur. 
“How much longer is this going to take?” Roery wonders. He’s got the two unconscious llyrsi piled up on top of each other inside a small closet, and Jordi is currently in the process of rearranging their limbs so the door can shut. 
“Not much,” I say. “I’m in the system.” It takes me a couple minutes of messing around with controls to figure out how to permit system access from a remote device—I type in the account information for Freya’s stolen laptop and submit. 
Your turn, I text her. Solaoverride582ac. 
And then I wait, praying that no one else tries to come in here or, worse yet, realizes that something unusual is going on and sounds the alarms. I watch the time pass on my phone’s clock, tapping my foot in time with the second hand. 
After a long five minutes and thirty-two seconds, Freya responds: Finished. Your turn again. 
“Did she do it?” Jordi asks, coming to glance over my shoulder. 
I nod, biting my lip. “Now comes the fun part,” I say quietly. 


 
7 December: Keira 
“Iraine just texted me,” Wes says, his mouth quirking up to one side. “She’s gotten another two Shade camps to join us, and Ymetrine’s pledged a bunch of Sylvans to fight, too. They’re going to rendezvous somewhere around Nal Ferris.” 
I feel a twinge of jealousy every time Wes mentions Iraine, which I know is absolutely ridiculous. “That’s great,” I say. It really is—rebel Shades certainly know how to fight, a fact I know from personal experience. 
Wes puts down his phone and clears his throat, rubbing his hands together. “All right. Shifter training time.” He holds up an aura detector. “I stole this from security so we can see if you can get your aura to change with the rest of you; some of the Nixan priests know how to sense people’s auras, but I only learned the basics, so I’ll have no idea. You’re not wearing any ice-glass, right?” 
I shake my head. “So how do you propose we do this?” 
“Well,” Wes says, “I feel like it’ll be easier if you have some kind of template to look at. I know this is different from using an ice-glass shein, but that’s how we learned how to change our appearance in Old Magic school.” 
I cock my head to the side. “And are you offering yourself up to be that template?” 
He shrugs. “I don’t see anyone else here to volunteer.” 
“Sounds a bit narcissistic to me, but all right.” I bite my lip and narrow my eyes at Wes, taking in the curls of his hair and the warm brown of his eyes; I will myself to alter my own features to match them, but of course nothing happens. 
“Try harder,” Wes insists. He takes my hands and raises them to his face, cupping them around his cheeks. “Just…feel me.” 
Nodding, I brush my fingers across his skin, feeling its smoothness turn coarse as I reach the five o’clock shadow darkening his jawline. The weird tingly feeling I felt yesterday stirs again, making my heart beat faster and faster, and I’m acutely aware of the catch in Wes’s breath, the glint in his eyes as he looks at me, studying me as I study him. And then, urged forward by an impulse that seems to come out of nowhere, I lean in closer and tilt back Wes’s head and press my lips to his. 
Instantly his arms wrap around me, tight and strong, and he opens his mouth to breathe in the kiss. I run my hands up his back, feeling the curves and grooves of his muscles, and he runs his down to my hips. 
A whirlwind of a minute later and we’re tangled amongst the sheets of my bed, rolling over and over with our lips parting only for quick gasps of air. I wrap my legs around his and dig my hands deep into the curls of his hair, making a soft and slightly embarrassing moaning sound as Wes feels his way up and down my body. 
Suddenly I wrench myself away from him. “I can do it now,” I breathe, somehow sure of it. My skin darkens and my arms grow longer, the hair retracting back off my shoulders. My bones and muscles move and remodel themselves, just as they do when I take on an animal shift, until they settle into place again, thicker and stronger than they were before. 
Wes stares at me with a mix of horror and awe. “I’m you,” I say, my voice an octave deeper now. It’s got to be the weirdest thing I’ve ever experienced, and that’s saying something. “I’m a guy. Gross.” 
“Wow,” Wes says, shaking his head. “I think I’m really glad Freya isn’t my identical twin.” I laugh, but it’s his laugh, deeper and a bit harsher. Wes fishes around among the sheets for the aura detector and holds it up, zooming in until there are only two red dots pressed up against each other: one for me and one for Wes. 
“You did it,” Wes says. “You’re a Warden now. Except you’ve still got your silver shifter eyes.” 
“Does that mean I get Warden powers?” I wonder, holding out my hands and trying to imagine them filled with flames. 
“I hope not,” Wes says; “that just wouldn’t be fair.” He lights his index finger on fire and slowly raises it to my wrist until it touches my skin. 
“Ow!” I yelp, pulling back my arm from the sting of the fire. “Shit, Wes.” 
Wes grins. “You don’t have Warden powers,” he confirms. 
“Couldn’t we have figured that out in a less painful way?” I ask, nursing my wrist. 
“That was the fastest.” Wes raises his eyebrows at me, the glint in his eyes as bright as his flame. “Can you turn back into you now, though? I kind of want to finish what we started, and I don’t really want to kiss myself.” 
“Well, I want to kiss yourself,” I say, shedding Wes’s skin like a snake and pulling him in to me again. 
❄❄❄ 
“You know, Keira,” Wes says as he traces his thumb down my bare shoulder blade, “I think I’ve wanted to do that for a very long time.” 
“Me too,” I agree. “Part of me, at least. The other part still wants to bite your ear off for burning my wrist.” 
“I’m sorry,” Wes groans. “I’m sure you’ve dealt with plenty worse before.” 
“How would you know?” I ask, resting my chin against the muscles of his chest. “You don’t even know what a burn feels like.” 
“Fair point,” he agrees. Wes is usually too stubborn to agree with me on anything, but this is one of those conversations you have just to hear the other person’s voice. 
“Why were you able to change how you looked all of a sudden?” Wes wonders, turning the topic to something requiring a bit more thought. 
“Not sure,” I admit. “I think it was the adrenaline, like with Old Magic. And, you know, knowing that it was possible in the first place. I just felt like I could do it, and I did.” I wonder when the last time a shifter changed their human appearance was—what I just did probably hasn’t happened in centuries. Pretty cool to think about, but currently I’m more interested in the sound of Wes’s heartbeat than in making history. 
“Did I ever tell you how I first learned to shift?” I say. 
“How?” he asks me, running his fingers through my hair. 
“I was nine, which is pretty late for a shifter to start shifting, and I just couldn’t figure out how to do it. So I threw myself off one of New Fauske’s castle towers one night.” 
“Shit,” Wes says, his fingers stalling in their arc around my ear. “How did you know you wouldn’t end up pancaked on the ground?” 
“I didn’t,” I reply. “But that rush of impending death is what finally got me to shift. My first shift was into a kite—my foster mom could turn into one and I’d always thought they looked pretty, so that was the first thing that popped into my head when I was hurtling through the sky.” 
“Do you get to choose your shifts or something?” 
I shrug. “Somewhat. Each shifter has a limited number, but we sort of uncover new ones based on what we like and what we’re familiar with. I don’t know—no one really understands everything about it.” There’s another tidbit of shifter knowledge I learned in the jnani library about creating new shifts that I want to test out, but it’s going to have to wait for now. 
Wes gives a quiet scoff. “Either way, you’re crazy for almost killing yourself to turn into a bird. What if you weren’t capable of bird shifts at all?” 
“I was nine,” I repeat. “If I didn’t start shifting soon, I’d be behind the other shifters by the time the Sentry trials came around, and I would’ve gotten myself killed there instead. It was a life-or-death situation no matter what.” 
Wes goes quiet for a minute. “That’s awful,” he says eventually. “That nine-year-olds have to think like that.” 
“They won’t have to anymore if we win this fight,” I say. “Not if Cass has anything to say about it.” 
Wes purses his lips, drawing back from me a little. “Why do you put so much faith in her?” he wonders. “I know she’s your friend, but she’s just a Nixan girl.” 
“She’s not,” I insist. “I know you think she’s a spoiled little princess or whatever, but she’s so much more than that.” I quickly rack my brain for something that will make him understand, smiling at the memory I arrive at. “One time, when me and Cass were ten or eleven or something, we got into this big fight about some stupid shit I can’t even remember now. Anyway, I snuck into her room that night while she was sleeping and chopped off half her hair.” Wes eyes widen; I laugh at his surprise. “It was quite possibly the dumbest thing I’ve ever done, and that’s saying something. I would’ve received a hundred lashes for that, maybe even lost a finger—I’ve known shifter servants who had their tongues cut out for less. But Cass told everyone she’d asked me to cut her hair like that, and I’d had no choice but to obey.” 
“Wow,” Wes says. 
“Yeah, I know. And when I asked her why she did it, she told me that she knew I’d be punished so much worse than she would for it, and she’d rather sit through a two-hour lecture from her father than have to watch me get hurt.” I sigh. “So she ended up nearly bald for a good three months, and she never once complained about it. I felt so terrible.” 
“That doesn’t sound like something a ten-year-old would do—if I’d cut off half of Freya’s hair, I would’ve never heard the end of it.” 
“That’s what I mean; Cass is different. She’s not like any Nixan I’ve ever met.” Wes and I lock gazes. “I know her better than anyone, Wes, and I promise you, she’ll be a great leader if she’s given the chance. I’m a thousand percent sure of it.” 
Wes peers into my eyes for a long moment—then he nods. “Okay.” 
I cock my head. “You accepted that pretty easily, actually.” 
“Well, you’re right; you know Cass better than anyone,” he points out. “And if you think she’ll make a good leader, then I believe it. I…I trust you, I guess. Maybe I shouldn’t, but I do.” 
I hide a little smile behind my hand. I trust you—that’s something I never could’ve imagined I’d hear from a Warden, especially not a Warden I personally lied to and betrayed. But the world of the Novans is changing faster than I can keep up with, and Wes deciding to trust me again is one development I’m more than happy to get behind.


 
7 December: Norah 
Holding my breath, I press the button beside the metal black door that leads into Aures Chaise’s office, the chime of its ring echoing in my ears. Oh God, I think, I am actually doing this. Beside me, once again wearing his chain and collar, Roery gives me a nervous glance. Jordi has stayed behind to guard the communications room, so it’s just the two of us now. 
“Who’s there?” Aures’s disembodied voice asks. “Is it the girl with the avian?” 
“It is,” I confirm. He won’t recognize my voice, will he? He won’t know my face thanks to my Virtuset, but most llyrsi don’t sound like Americans. He shouldn’t be expecting me, though; no sane person would choose to return to this place after going through what I had the last time I was here. 
Fortunately, I’m not much of a sane person. 
“Come in,” Aures says, his door sliding open. Swallowing and counting silently to ten, I step inside with Roery in tow. 
Aures is reclining on the large couch at the back of the room; he stands as we enter. “Incredible,” he breathes, extending his arms to Roery. “Absolutely incredible.” Though it’s the middle of the night, the enchanted roof above his head bathes the office in false sunlight, glinting off the statue of the avian boy on the dais in the center of the room. And, just like the last time I was here, Aures isn’t wearing a Virtuset. Thank God—I have no idea how I would’ve convinced him to take it off. 
“I heard about your little demonstration outside,” he says. “I believe I sent a man to retrieve you?” 
“He stayed in the elevator,” I say. “I told him we could find our way here on our own.” 
Aures nods, paying no attention to my excuse. “Can I take a look at him?” he wonders. “Without the collar, please.” 
“Of course,” I say, feeling Roery go tense beside me. I unlock the collar and pull it over his head like he’s a dog I’m letting run loose. 
Aures touches his face, his hair, his wings, smiling like a little boy. He plucks out one of Roery’s feathers and spins it between his fingers; Roery grits his teeth. 
“Show me your powers,” he commands. With a twist of his hand, Roery summons a tiny tornado to hover above his palm and sends it swirling into Aures’s face, whipping his hair into knots and forcing him to close his eyes against its bite. 
Aures laughs as the wind dissipates. “I love it,” he says, combing his fingers through his hair. “Please, you two, have a seat.” 
We follow him over to the couch; I sit in the same armchair I sat in last time, directly across from Aures. Roery stands beside me, bristling—I put my hand over his, hoping that he’ll be able to keep his mouth shut through the rest of this. 
“How did you come to acquire this avian boy?” Aures asks me, his eyes still fixed on Roery. 
I prop my elbow up on the armrest of my seat and use the side of my knuckle to brush against a button on the outside of my Virtuset. “Evana assigned me to bring him to you as a gift.” A little red dot blinks in the corner of my vision, indicating that the Virtuset has begun to record, sending a live emergency video feed—if Freya has done her job correctly, at least—to every other Virtuset in Sola City. “I worked as an assistant for her back in New Fauske.” 
“Evana?” Aures gives me a suspicious frown. “I didn’t know Evana had a llyre assistant. I didn’t know any llyre were living full-time in New Fauske at all.” 
Shit. I still know way too little about the Novan world; I should have run through my script with the others before I got here. “She never mentioned me?” I say, trying my best to sound surprised and not scared out of my mind. I give a tiny, somewhat mischievous smile. “Well, I suppose you were a bit preoccupied with other activities during your time together.” 
Aures’s eyes widen, the suspicion wiped clean off his face and replaced by shock. “She told you about that.” 
“She talks about you quite a bit, actually,” I say. “She cares greatly for you—it’s why she sent me to bring you an avian. She knew about your fascination with their order, and now that she’s made her deal with the avians, she can do whatever she pleases with them. This boy is meant to be payment-in-kind for all the pleasure you’ve brought her.” 
Aures goes pale, glancing away and clearing his throat. “I’m surprised she would speak to anyone about…all that.” 
“Oh,” I say, raising my eyebrows behind the Virtuset. “I’m sorry if I embarrassed you. I know that isn’t really what your relationship with Evana is about. You’re helping her to defeat the Wardens, after all.” I lean forward. “I have to say, I haven’t been keeping up with Sola City news nearly as much as I’d like to. How exactly did you manage to convince the city that fighting for Evana would be to their advantage?” 
“Oh.” Aures blinks, looking lost. “I told my people that we’d make an extraordinary amount of money selling the Nixans weapons we design. And that the Nixan priests had threatened to remove the Old Magic cloaking that keeps Sola City invisible to Senex if we didn’t join their fight.” He shakes his head at me. “Neither of those are really true, of course—we’re selling the Nixans our weapons at far below market value, and…well, working with Evana, I’m sure you know the truth about Old Magic and its users much better than I.” Aures crosses his arms. “Helping Evana really will be better for our city, though. She’s promised to teach me and my associates to use Old Magic to our advantage if I help her, which will allow us to expand our business dealings to the other half of the globe. And it’s our duty, right? Evana deserves to rule the Nixans, even if the two of us have to lie to our people to get her there. It’s a sacrifice I’m more than willing to make.” 
“Of course,” I say. 
A ring trills through the office; looking annoyed, Aures presses a button on the side of his couch and growls, “Not now. I’m busy.” 
“Please, sir,” a panicked voice says on the other end. “It’s an emergency. You have to open the door.” 
Aures sighs. “I hope this is important,” he says. He gives me an apologetic shrug. “Sorry about this, my…I don’t believe you gave me your name, actually.” 
“It’s Norah,” I tell him, my hands molding themselves into fists. “Norah Fitzgerald.” 
Aures’s eyes go dark as the door to his office slides open. An assistant steps in with his Virtuset in his hands and says breathlessly, “Sir, you have to stop speaking to that girl right now.” 
Aures glances around wildly, rising to his feet. “All right. What the hell is going on?” 
I press the recorder button on my Virtuset and slide it off, shaking free my hair. Aures’s face lights up with horrified recognition. “My friend and I hacked into your emergency comms system,” I say. “That conversation we were having was just broadcast onto every Virtuset in the city.” I point to Roery. “I transfixed you with an avian and mentioned Evana a few times, and you decided to spill all your secrets to a complete stranger, just like I thought you would. Idiot.” 
“What—how…how are you even here?” he demands, spluttering. 
“What, you thought you were rid of me for good? There was no way I was going to let you get away with what you did to me.” 
A pair of security guards ducks through the open doorway as more and more commotion clamors down the hall. “Mr. Chaise,” one of the guards says, “there is a crowd gathering outside the building—it’s chaos, too big for us to disperse. What would you like us to do?” 
Aures points a shaky finger at me. “Arrest her,” he says. “Arrest both of them, now.” 
I sigh as the guards step forward to collect us. Roery spins around and sends them all onto their backs with a spurt of strong wind—they land in a heavy heap at the feet of Aures’s assistant, who gives a short, terrified shriek. Jordi emerges from the hallway with his gas can, taking out the assistant and the guards with a single sweep of fumes. 
I turn back and raise my eyebrows at Aures. “You really want to keep us in this city? I don’t think that’s a good idea. Who knows what else I could reveal about you, Father?” Jordi and Roery both make little startled noises at that, questions lighting up their eyes; but I keep my focus on Aures. “I’d say you’re going to have enough on your plate without worrying about me.” I gesture to Roery and Jordi as they take out another pair of incoming guards with their spray gas and wind. “Let’s get out of here.” 
“Don’t have to ask me twice,” Roery says. And the three of us stride straight out of the office unimpeded, down the elevator and back onto the streets of Sola City, slipping into the mob of protesters outside and watching it grow bigger and bigger by the second. 


 
8 December: Westrey 
A loud crash jolts me from my sleep in the early hours of the morning. My eyes fly open, and I pull myself up with a gasp catching in my chest. Straining my ears, I listen carefully for a long few seconds, but everything is quiet once again. Rhody is sitting up in his bed, meaning that he must’ve heard something, too—probably just some clumsy idiot dropping something in one of the nearby rooms. 
I give a little groan and lie back down, turning onto my side to watch Keira sleeping next to me, unfazed by the noise. Her naked body is bundled up in blankets, her dark hair wrapped in loose curls around her pale face. I can’t believe I slept with her—I can’t believe she let me sleep with her. Gently I raise a hand to her face and brush my fingers across her cheek, feeling the warmth of her breath against my skin. I feel like I must still be in a dream, like there’s no way any of this could possibly be real. 
Then I hear a sudden, ferocious yell, cut off abruptly by a shriek of pain. Keira gives a start and jerks away from my touch, instantly wide awake. Rhody barks. “The hell was that?” Keira hisses. 
“No idea.” Heart pounding, I slip out of bed and pull on some pants, grabbing the fire-gun I left on Keira’s nightstand. Keira puts on a nightgown and follows me from the room, both of us on high alert. I hold my fire-gun out in front of me and keep my head on a swivel, braced for an attack from any darkened corner. 
“Wes,” Keira breathes, pointing to a door cracked open just ahead of us. It’s the door to Nyoni’s room, the representative for the aquines here. 
Carefully we creep over to it; I pry the door open with one hand, my gun clutched tightly in the other. 
“Shit,” Keira says. “Shit.” 
The body of Nyoni the aquine is strewn out lifelessly on the floor, her mouth open in a frozen scream. The handle of a dagger protrudes from her neck, its surface marked with Nixan snowflakes, and her face and arms and chest are doused in her blood. 
But before Keira and I can investigate further, another crash echoes from farther down the hall. Keira shifts into her kite form and I follow her breathlessly into another room, this one with its door still shut: Gwen Revana’s. 
Keira changes into a snarling black wolf as I wrest open the door, just in time to witness a boy plunging a dagger into the High Chief Warden’s stomach. Revana sends a torrent of fire for his head, but it quickly peters out as she collapses against the floor. 
Keira leaps at the boy, knocking him to the ground, and I hear the unmistakable sound of a neck snapping at he lands beneath her claws. I run to Revana’s side, sliding an arm underneath her convulsing body and pulling up her shirt to see the stab wound. It’s deep, the blade of the dagger consumed entirely by her skin—not only that, but there’s another dagger wound just inches above it, spurting blood readily. 
“Don’t take it out,” Keira says, crouching beside me as a human again. “That’ll just make it worse.” 
Gasping, Revana extends an arm to me and brushes her fingers against my shoulder. “I’m dying,” she wheezes. “You can’t save me. Just make sure…he doesn’t appear anywhere else.” 
“He won’t,” Keira says; “he’s dead. I didn’t mean to kill him, but….” 
I rip my eyes away from Revana to focus on the body of the boy behind her. It’s dark and he’s covered in burn marks, but I can tell he wasn’t very old. “Was that Kesnu?” 
Keira nods. “Yeah. Evana must’ve sent him to assassinate the Warden leaders.” 
“What the hell happened?” The door swings open to admit a bedraggled Fenella Shirey, a team of Wardens at her back with fire-guns and flames in their hands. They take in their fallen leader with fear widening their eyes. 
“Evana’s teleporter got to her,” I explain quickly. “Nyoni, too. I’m not sure about everyone else.” 
“Call the medics,” Fenella orders the Wardens behind her. A group of them nod and run off while the rest push past me and Keira to reach Revana’s body. “It’s bad,” one of them says, examining the wound. “We’ll need to get a team on this immediately.” But I know with a hollow throb in my chest that Revana was right—she’s dying, and it’s too late for anyone to stop it. 
It’s less than a minute before the bunker’s emergency medical staff are here, dragging in a stretcher and shoving everyone else out of the way. One woman bends down to check Revana’s vitals as the rest lift her up onto the stretcher, strapping her down to keep her from moving. A couple men begin to give chest compressions while the rest of us wait in tense silence. 
“It’s no use,” says the woman who took the vitals, now examining Revana’s wounds. “She’s lost too much blood, and the first blade went straight through her heart. She’s gone.” 
“No,” Fenella breathes. Joren, the Warden representative from Africa, mutters a curse behind her. 
The Warden medics spend a couple more minutes stubbornly attempting to revive her, trying to shock her awake with a defibrillator and listening in vain for a pulse or a breath. Finally they give up, stepping away from the body without a word. 
My eyes find the dagger hilt protruding from Revana’s stomach, adorned with snowflakes glistening with blood. Evana wanted us to know this was her—she made sure we’d know it was her. 
“She’s not gonna get away with this,” Keira breathes beside me. 
“She might,” I reply. My hands have begun to shake; I quickly clench them into fists. Iraine has recruited thousands of Shades, Cass has won over her uncle, and Norah and Freya are successfully drawing the llyrsi away from Evana—I’d thought we were winning. But Evana’s been making plans, too, and this one may very well tear our whole mission apart. Fear like the kind this incident will cause is the best way to get people to back out of a fight. 
“I think she might’ve just beat us.” 


 
8 December: Keira 
The Wardens and ally leaders call a private meeting just hours after Kesnu’s killing of Nyoni and Revana, a meeting that Wes and I aren’t allowed to attend. We instead spend the morning speculating and pacing across my bedroom floor while I field frantic questions from Cass on my phone, whom I had texted a simple Gwen Revana is dead last night before falling asleep in Wes’s arms. 
It’s about ten-thirty when someone knocks on my door; I quickly stand to answer it, already dressed and ready to go in case it’s a belated invitation to the conference. 
It’s not, of course—it’s Basil, waiting on the threshold with his eyebrows raised. 
“Baz.” Wes wraps his friend up in a hug tight enough to make him gag. “Thank God you’re here.” 
“I should’ve guessed you were with Keira,” Baz says when they pull apart. “I’ve been looking all over for you.” 
“Do you know what’s going on?” Wes asks. “Did you get all my texts?” 
“Of course I know what’s going on,” Baz says. “I’ve spent the past two hours listening in on the super-secret conference meeting.” 
“How the hell did you do that?” I ask. 
Baz taps his phone. “My dad was invited to it—I installed an app on his phone a while back so I can activate the mic whenever I want to listen in on things. Norah might’ve excluded me from her hacking quest, but I know a few things, too.” 
“So?” I prompt. “What are they saying?” 
“Nothing good,” Baz admits. “After they found out Nyoni was killed, the rest of the aquine leaders apparently left the bunker and vowed to stay out of all the stuff with Evana.” 
“Wonderful.” It’s what I’d been expecting after last night, but it still hurts to hear it out loud. “What about the others?” 
“The dusties don’t want to back down, because Sayra is stubborn as hell,” Baz says. “But Naeska wants to pull out the vamps. And everything’s gone to shit with the Wardens.” 
“What does that mean?” Wes asks nervously. 
“Well, Dex Adante’s taken over as the interim High Chief, since he was Revana’s deputy,” Baz explains. “And he’s definitely not as willing to fight with Cass as Revana was. A lot of the others agree with him, though Fenella doesn’t, at least.” 
I slump back against the wall. I remember seeing Dex Adante before at the council meetings I attended—he’d always looked at me like he wanted me gone. I’m not surprised he’s throwing a fit now that he’s been put in charge. 
“So is that what you wanted to find me for?” Wes asks, tugging at his hair. “To tell me how much of a disaster everything is?” 
“No. I wanted to tell you how much of a disaster everything is, but I also wanted to tell you that you could make things less of a disaster if you barge in there and fix them yourself.” 
“We weren’t invited.” 
Baz rolls his eyes. “Since when have you ever waited for an invitation, Wes? Remember crossing the Line to rescue Freya? This isn’t anything near as bad as that.” 
“You really want to piss them off even more?” 
I step forward, my heartrate going slightly up. “I agree with Baz. They’re already pissed off—I don’t think we can do too much more damage. Why not?” 
Wes looks at me from the sides of his eyes. I stare back at him blankly, and so does Baz. 
“All right,” he sighs, biting his lip. “Let’s go.” 
❄❄❄ 
Baz, Wes and I shove our way past the bewildered door guard and into Revana’s private conference room, bringing everyone at the council table to their feet with outrage and surprise. “What is the meaning of this?” Fenella Shirey demands, glaring right at me. “This meeting is private.” 
“Yeah, well, we thought it might be nice to know what’s going on,” I say simply. “I’m supposed to be representing Cass here, and she’s a pretty big part of this whole thing. I’d say I deserve a seat at the table.” 
The guy at the head of the table, Dex Adante—a man with a shaved head and beard and rectangular glasses—gives me a little nod. “You’re right,” he says reluctantly. “As Cassatia’s proxy, you should be present.” He points to Wes and Baz behind me. “You two, however, need to go. I don’t have the time to argue it any further.” 
I turn back to the Warden boys, who give me the go on kind of nod. I can do this without them; in fact, I’ll probably be better off on my own anyway. 
“Thank you,” I tell Adante, finding an empty seat at the table. Wes and Baz obediently take their leave, Baz giving me a quick thumbs-up before ducking out behind the door guard. The gathered leaders take their seats when I do, ready for business to continue. 
“You were speaking, Naeska?” Adante prompts, nodding to the representative for the vamps. 
“I was,” Naeska says. He throws his legs up on the table in a way that makes the Warden leaders bristle. “There’s no need for the vamps to involve ourselves in any of this. Our whole alliance with the Wardens was meant to be for our protection—and considering what happened to Nyoni last night, you aren’t doing a very good job of protecting us.” 
“You’re afraid, Naeska,” Sayra, the dustie representative, says accusingly. Even before this, she’d always been my favorite of the non-teenaged leaders here; she’s got purple streaks in her hair and a badass glint in her eyes that I can’t help but admire. “Your people are stronger and harder to kill than any of us, and yet you’re the one trying to back out at the first sign of trouble.” 
“We’re not immortal,” Naeska says. “And if Evana’s people are going to target us for helping all of you, we want no part of it.” 
I stand up, unable to resist. “Are you really saying you’ve been scared off by a little boy with a dagger? I promise you, even if Evana had another teleporter lying around somewhere, they’d be no match for a vamp.” 
One of the Chief Wardens, the Australian one, gives me a harsh glare. “That little boy with a dagger killed our High Chief Warden,” he growls. “Show her some respect, shifter.” 
Shit. “That’s not what I meant,” I say quickly. “I’m just saying that it’s unlikely Evana would target any vamps. There’s a reason Kesnu didn’t pay you a visit last night, Naeska.” 
“Either way,” Naeska says, “we’re out. I’ve already made my decision, and no angry shifters or dusties are going to change it.” He stands. “Good luck to all of you—you’re going to need it.” And then he’s gone, disappearing through the door in a rush of wind. 
I sigh. Great; one more ally gone. Not that I’m surprised—given what I know about vamps and their relationship with the Wardens, Naeska and his people probably never wanted to be a part of this in the first place. The attack last night and the departure of the aquines had finally given them a legitimate excuse to get out of here. 
“Two allies lost,” says Joren, another one of the Chief Wardens. “This isn’t good.” 
“We’re gonna get more people,” I insist. “Cass got her uncle to send us five thousand Sentries and Nixans each. That can make up for everyone we lost, right?” 
“More Nixa-worshippers,” Dex Adante observes. “Fighting other Nixa-worshippers. This is starting to seem more and more like a battle between the Nixans, and less and less like a Warden campaign.” 
“Exactly,” Joren agrees. “At this point, I think it’s to our benefit to let them fight this out themselves.” 
“This isn’t just about the Nixa-worshippers,” Fenella says, startling me with the amount of conviction in her voice. “It’s about all of us. The intel we have coming out of New Fauske is clear: Evana wants a fight with us all, not just Cass. She is ready to end the Nixan War, and we should be as well. If we don’t take the fight to her now, she’ll bring it to us soon enough if Cassatia doesn’t win this battle. And she won’t win if we refuse to stand with her.” 
“I do not argue the point that Evana will come after us eventually,” Dex Adante says. “But if we let her fight Cass first, she and her forces will be greatly weakened even if she does emerge the victor. She’ll be left with less power than ever, and we’ll still be at full strength to oppose her in whatever she plants against us next.” 
“Are you kidding me?” I say, once again not able to keep my mouth shut. “You already promised you’d help us—you can’t just pull out now.” I rest my knuckles on the table. “I thought Wardens were supposed to be brave.” 
“Gwen promised to help you in exchange for you fulfilling certain requirements once Cass is in power,” Adante replies. “And since she is not yet in power and has not fulfilled any requirements, we are still fully within our rights to rescind our agreement.” 
“You are all cowards,” Sayra the dustie spits. “This is likely our best opportunity in history to defeat the Nixan rulers and influence the new ones for the better, and you are too scared to take it. Your ancestors would be ashamed.” 
“Please,” I beg, desperate now. “You’re not thinking about what you’re giving up.” 
Adante shakes his head at me gravely. “I’m sorry,” he says, “but I would like for you and your followers to leave Rome.” 
My heart drops into my stomach just as a messenger boy pushes his way through the door. “What is it now, Rodri?” Adante asks, wiping his face. 
“Cassatia Loraveire has returned,” he says breathlessly. “She wants to speak with you.” 
Adante nods. “Send her in,” he orders. 
I bury my face in my hands. I was left here to represent Cass’s interests—and now that she’s back, having successfully won over an entire Nixan province, everything has gone to shit with the rest of our alliance. I’ve failed, and as Cass walks in with Aysa, both of them wearing stone faces and beautiful dresses, I don’t think I’ve ever been so unhappy to see my best friend in all my life. 


 
8 December: Cassatia 
“I’m sorry, Cass,” Keira murmurs as I step up to her. She looks like she’s on the verge of tears. 
I place a hand on her shoulder. “It’s okay,” I say quietly. “Aysa’s told me everything that’s happened. It’s not your fault.” 
Aysa meets my eyes, having finished her probe into the minds of the councilmen. “You won’t be able to win Adante over,” she says; “he’s already made up his mind. But he does respect Gwen Revana’s agreement with you enough that he might be willing to negotiate.” 
What do you mean? I ask. 
“Fenella and Sayra both still want to fight, even if the rest don’t. See if he’ll allow them to stick with you.” 
I swallow, sucking in a breath—that sounds at least somewhat attainable. I whisper the plan to Keira, and she nods her agreement. 
Keira motions for me to take her seat. I do, leaving her and Aysa standing behind me with their arms crossed over their chests. The remaining Warden and ally leaders look to me expectantly, taking their seats as well. 
“I know that you no longer wish to support me, Adante,” I say, clearing my throat, “and I understand. I could not be more sorry about what happened to Gwen Revana.” The gathered Wardens dip their heads when I mention the High Chief’s name. I clench my jaw. “But if certain Wardens and allies still want to fight with us, they should be able to.” 
“I agree,” Fenella says immediately. “Whatever is going on in New Fauske affects my territory more than anyone else’s. My Wardens will want to fight Evana’s Nixans, even without the rest of you.” 
Sayra nods. “I won’t force any dustie to fight,” she says, “but I know I’ll be able to find plenty of willing recruits for this. My people are more than happy to spill Nixan blood.” 
Adante is silent for a moment, his eyes shifting between me and Fenella and Sayra. Finally he nods. “Fine. Though the Wardens and their allies as a whole will not participate, I will raise no objections if certain members choose to do so. You can base your operations out of Fenella’s bunker in Boston from now on.” 
“If they’re unsuccessful, we’ll all still be tied back to this,” one of the other Wardens protests. 
“We would be regardless,” Adante counters. “Evana has already placed the blame for the avian attacks on us.” I think back to the dead bodies I found with Aysa in Svalbard City and shiver. “Under no circumstances will we emerge from this with Evana’s goodwill; it is pointless to even try.” 
“At least he has a bit of sense,” I hear Keira mutter behind me. 
“We’ll leave you now to discuss,” Adante says, standing up. “I’ll give you the next couple of days to move out of Rome.” 
Adante and the other Warden leaders file out of the room, leaving only me, Keira, Aysa, Sayra, and Fenella and her officers. “Of course the women are the only ones here with any guts,” Sayra mutters. 
“That’s often how it works, I’m afraid,” Fenella replies. “Now,” she adds, turning to me, “what is your plan from here on out?” 
I bite my cheek. Never could I have imagined discussing strategy at a table with Fenella Shirey, my province’s greatest enemy. “I’ll have my uncle send his people to Boston instead,” I say. “We can all meet up there. I want to keep recruiting from the rest of the Nixans and Sentries, too. There are tens of thousands of both in New Fauske—at least some of them are going to agree with me.” 
“Your uncle’s people were different,” Fenella says. “They were kept separate from everything going on in Svalbard and New Fauske, and they were never under Evana’s direct influence. The Novans in New Fauske are a different story.” 
“I know,” I say; “but if I can get them to feel even a shred of doubt about everything Evana’s been saying, it could make a huge difference.” 
“It’s not a bad idea,” Keira says. “As long as we figure out a way to get in and out of the city safely, it can’t hurt.” 
“Fair enough,” Fenella sighs. She glances around at the empty seats that now surround her. “It looks like we’re going to need all the help we can get.” 


 
10 December: Roery 
I’ve always wanted to go to America—not the semi-medieval New Fauske America I briefly visited earlier, but a real, Sen-made American city. So when I get a text from Basil saying that the Wardens are rebooking us on a flight to Boston instead of Rome, I am momentarily happy until I read a bit further and learn that the reason for our flight change is that Gwen Revana was murdered and a significant number of Wardens and their allies just bailed on the fight against Evana. We might have just ripped away a good chunk of Evana’s support in Sola City, but clearly she’s done the same to our side, too. 
Our side. I’m really not sure what my stake is in this fight, seeing as I’ve never held any allegiance to the Wardens or Nixans or anyone else involved. All I know is that my clan has apparently teamed up with Fyrie’s to help Evana—something I can’t imagine they would have chosen to do of their own accord—and I need to find out what’s going on. Plus I know that I can trust Jordi and Norah, and to a slightly lesser extent I can trust Baz and Freya and the rest of their friends. So I’m going to stick with them, at least for now. 
Although the city of Boston is strikingly different from Rome—the buildings are newer and darker and taller, and the street vendors sell hot dogs instead of trapizzini—the underground Warden bunker is exactly the same as the one back in Italy: austere and plain, with harsh lighting and everyone dressed in black. 
“Have you ever been to Boston before?” I ask Jordi as the two of us pace down the hallway outside our rooms, stretching out our legs after finishing our briefing of Fenella’s council on our Sola City mission. 
“Never,” he tells me. 
“You went to university in New York, though. Isn’t that nearby?” 
“Sort of,” he says. “But I never had much reason to leave New York City—it has everything you could ever want to do in it. Boston’s got nothing on New York.” 
“I can’t imagine that. Boston’s the biggest city I’ve ever seen in my life.” 
“Well, you did grow up in a cave,” Jordi points out. I snort. 
“Hey, you,” calls a voice from inside one of the rooms we walk past, its door slightly ajar. “Birdman. Come in here.” 
It’s Keira; peering through the crack in her door, I see her sitting on the edge of her bed with the Nixan queen Cassatia. 
“Better listen to her,” Jordi says, squeezing my shoulder in a way that makes me feel simultaneously warm and shivery inside. “I’ll catch up with you later, okay?” 
I nod goodbye to him and obligingly duck inside Keira’s room—Keira gestures for me to close the door behind me, and I do before cautiously stepping up to the bed. “Keira Serasul,” I say, lifting my chin to her. “And…” I cut myself off as my gaze flits to her Nixan companion, not quite sure how I’m supposed to address her. 
“Her Royal Majesty,” Keira deadpans. 
Cassatia elbows her in the side. “Call me Cass.” 
“Cass,” I repeat, trying my best to overcome my awkwardness. “How can I help you?” 
“We’d like you to go on a Starbucks run for us,” Keira replies. “We’d each like a vanilla chai tea latte, please, with extra foam on top.” 
“Great Nixa, stop it,” Cass says. “Don’t mind Keira—we just had a question for you.” 
“That too,” Keira says, sitting forward on her hands. “Cass and I have been talking, and we’ve decided that we’ll have a much better chance of winning this thing if we’ve got a person on the inside, someone we can plant in New Fauske. And considering that the avians are Evana’s current order of choice, and you’re the only one of those here, you’re our number-one candidate.” 
I blink. “You want me to be a spy? Can’t your jnani friend get you all the information you need?” 
“It doesn’t work that way,” Cass says. “She can’t pick up on thoughts that are too far away, and the thought-block she’s using right now makes it hard for her to go too deep into other people’s minds.” 
“Besides,” Keira adds, “it’s better to have an actual person inside New Fauske. You can train for the big battle with all the other avians, learn their special little tricks, and when the time comes you’ll be right there with them ready to kick ass.” 
Both girls raise their eyebrows at me, waiting for my answer; I worry my lip, thinking. I’d been looking to reunite with the avians after being away from my clan for so long. But as a spy? “Doesn’t Evana have a jnani working for her?” I ask. “What if she found out about me?” 
“Aysa told us she could add you to her thought-block,” Cass says. “That way no one will be able to read your thoughts. And Laena would only get suspicious if she were specifically trying to look into your head, which probably won’t happen. 
She’s trying to keep up a thought-block, too; she doesn’t have the energy to go through random avians’ minds.” 
“Fair point.” I scratch at the back of my head. “All right—so if I were hypothetically to agree to this, how would I get into New Fauske? Ice-glass?” 
“No need,” Keira replies. “You’ve been out of the loop on everything going on. The Warden scouts say there are no Sentries left guarding the Appalachian Line; they’ve all returned to New Fauske. Evana’s pretty much invited us inside. She wants us to give her a show on her own turf—and we’re going to.” She grins mischievously. “Cass and I are going to be making an appearance.” 
“An appearance?” I echo. “What, are you two just gonna march through the city gates?” 
“Fly through the city gates,” Keira corrects. “Wanna see?” 
I nod slowly, having no idea what she’s talking about. Keira stands up and steps away from the bed, giving herself plenty of space. “Watch this,” she says; and then she shifts, becoming a giant white wolf with a pair of huge wings folded up over her back. 
I choke on my own breath. “Oh, my God.” Wolf-Keira bares her teeth at me and extends her wings—her wingspan is even longer than mine, which is certainly saying something. She’s become Katyri, Nixa’s legendary winged wolf. 
“Isn’t it amazing?” Cass asks as her friend shifts back. “I nearly had a heart attack when she showed me the first time.” 
“That’s one of your shifts?” I ask, running a hand across my forehead. “Katyri?” 
“Only for the past day or so.” Keira hops up onto her bed again beside Cass. “While we were living with the jnani, I learned all sorts of things about shifter abilities—like being able to modify shifts somewhat. According to the jnani, Katyri was a shifter herself who just changed her forms up a bit. I’ve got a wolf shift already, and several different bird shifts; it didn’t take too long for me to figure out how to combine them.” 
“So I’m going to descend on the city of New Fauske just like Nixa descended on the first Nixans all those years ago,” Cass says. “That has to give me some legitimacy with the Nixa-worshippers, right?” 
I nod. “Yeah, I’d imagine so.” 
“So, Birdman—” Keira starts. 
“Roery,” I interrupt. 
“So, Roery, we’re gonna get someone to turn you invisible, and then you’re going to sneak into the castle while Nixa reincarnate is speaking to her subjects. Sound good?” 
“I never actually said I’d do this,” I point out. 
“He didn’t,” Cass agrees. 
Keira raises her eyebrows at me. “Oh, come on. I know you want to. Baz told me you were looking to find out what’s going on with the avian clans. This is the perfect way—plus, it’ll really, really help us out.” 
“Please?” Cass adds. 
I sigh, tossing back my head. Infiltrating Evana’s avian network right under Fyrie’s nose sounds like a horrible idea—but Keira is right. This may be my best chance to get some answers on what happened to my clan and everyone else I cared about before I was shipped off to Antarctica. 
“All right,” I decide. Cass and Keira bump fists. “I’ll go be a spy for you. Even though I’m pretty sure I’ll end up regretting it.” 


 
12 December: Aysa 
“Remember,” I tell Roery as Jordi helps him fit his wings through the gashes in the blue shirt we’d found for him, “you’re a Blue Avian, which means you have to be wearing something blue at all times; Fyrie and the other leaders have yelled at avians before for not, so you should be very familiar with the rule.” Roery nods his understanding. “But if anyone recognizes you and asks where you’ve been, you say you were transferred here from Svalbard—from what I’ve gathered, Fyrie’s been switching up his forces a bit lately, so that should be believable.” 
I’d done a bit of thought-searching when our party first arrived here, “here” being a secluded spot a couple miles outside of New Fauske and deep within Nal Farris State Forest. I needed to make sure no one noticed our arrival—they hadn’t, since we all came in different vehicles throughout the night and Evana’s jnani slave Laena isn’t casting out for thoughts outside New Fauske’s city limits—and I figured I’d help Roery learn a bit more about the mess he’ll be heading into. “I’ve added you to my thought-block, which means that no jnani but me can hear your thoughts; but Laena will be able to tell you’re wearing it if she gets too close to you, so make sure you stay away from her.” Roery nods again—he is nervous, but not overwhelmingly so. 
My gaze drifts away to Cass, standing with Keira while a pair of Wardens fix her dress and apply her makeup. I want to be over there speaking with her, but I need to make sure Roery knows what he’s doing first. 
Jordi taps his phone, reminding Roery to keep in touch with him. He’s much more worried about this than Roery is; he’d insisted on joining us on the trip out West, even though Fenella had wanted to keep the party as small as possible to help avoid detection. Roery squeezes Jordi’s arms and assures him that he will text him whenever he can. 
I turn to Iraine, loitering awkwardly a few feet behind us. She’d met up with us here after pulling one of the nearby Shade camps over to our side, ready to help with Roery or vanish us if I detect a patrol flying close by. “Iraine will turn you invisible for half an hour,” I say. “You have until then to get inside New Fauske’s castle, where all the avians who aren’t on guard duty should be.” 
I’ll be fine, Roery assures me, speaking directly into my thoughts—a quick glance through his mind shows me Cass teaching him how to do so on the way over here. I smile. 
“I know you will be,” I say, touching his hand. “Are you all set?” 
Roery nods, which frees me to check up on Cass. She’s wearing a beautiful blue-and-white dress with icy cuffs that gleam in the early morning light. A heavy coat of eyeshadow brings out the blue in her eyes, and a wreath of flowers studded with icicles sits like a crown atop her head. She really does look like an ice goddess. 
“You’re beautiful,” I tell her. Not just because of the dress and the flowers, but because of the determination that lights her eyes and her thoughts, fierce and stronger than I would’ve thought possible from the Cass I met just a couple of months ago. 
Cass smiles at me, taking my hand. Thank you. 
Keira stands at Cass’s shoulder dressed in baggy pants and a sweatshirt; she doesn’t need to worry about how she looks, at least not in her human form. She gives me a brief nod. 
I have no idea how this is going to go, Cass confesses, her grip on my hand tightening. I don’t know if I’ll be able to pull this off. 
“You’ll do great,” I promise. “You always do.” I pull her in for a quick kiss, sending a ripple of surprise throughout the gathered group—none from Keira, though, who watches us with a half-smile and a single raised eyebrow. 
By the time we break off the kiss, a little bit of tension has left Cass’s shoulders. You’re the best, she tells me. Thank you for being here. 
I nod. “I’ll be tracking your thoughts. If you need to get out of there, I’ll signal the dusties right away.” I lift my chin to the two dustie women standing off to the side. Sayra allowed us to bring them here in order to give Cass and Keira a possible quick getaway through an underground tunnel they can create beneath the city—the tunnel had been Freya’s idea, since she and the dustie boy Quincey had used a similar method to get Wes and Iraine out of New Fauske before. “We aren’t going to let anyone hurt you.” 
Ready? Keira wonders, her eyes flitting between the two of us. 
Ready, Cass confirms. Keira shifts into her winged wolf form, huge and white and majestic. Everyone’s eyes go to her, and this time it’s a full tsunami of surprise that confronts my brain. They all knew about Keira’s Katyri shift, but seeing it in person for the first time is something else. 
I help Cass up onto Keira’s back, steadying her as the wolf shifts from side to side. “Good luck,” I tell her, kissing her hand and trying my best to keep the worry off my face. 
I’ll need it, Cass replies. Locking eyes with me, she lifts her head and draws herself up straight; after a long moment she turns away, releases my hand and urges Keira forward. The wolf lets out a howl and takes off through the undergrowth with a loping run. 
I hold my breath as the two of them disappear into the woods, following their thoughts as closely as a dog following a scent. I close my eyes and let my mind run after them, not wanting to lose them for even a second. 


 
12 December: Cassatia 
I lean in low over Keira as she bounds through the woods, feeling her muscles stretching and bunching between my legs. I dig my hands into the long white fur over her shoulders, trying to get some kind of grip while my body jolts upward each time Keira’s legs leave the ground. It’s a whole lot harder than riding a horse. 
“Come on,” I murmur, my breath billowing out in clouds around me. “We got this, Keira.” 
Eventually we break out of the undergrowth and into a large stretch of clearing suitable for takeoff. Wolf-Keira unfurls her giant wings and leaps into the air, the wings descending in a powerful pump to carry us upward. 
I gasp and fall forward, my arms wrapping around Keira’s neck. The wings rise and drop again, creating a loud whoosh of wind from the force. We climb higher and higher as we fly across the clearing; by the time we reach the edge of it and a tree rises up to obstruct us, we’re high enough that Keira’s paws barely brush the tips of its needly leaves. 
“She wants you to let go of her,” Aysa’s thoughts cut in. “You’re choking her a bit.” 
Right. “Sorry,” I tell wolf-Keira, disentangling my hands from around her neck and pulling myself up as we level out and I find my balance. 
We continue to gain altitude until the forest beneath us is a patchwork of snow-covered treetops, green and brown and white. The morning sun is warm on my back, and the gates of New Fauske penetrating the woods up ahead of us are bathed in its glow. The crowded city sprawls out behind them, and its castle, once my home, rises up to dwarf everything around it. 
As Keira and I draw closer to New Fauske, I spread my arms like wings and summon a flurry of snow, freezing the moisture in the air and sending a shower of snowflakes spiraling down around me. As I’d expected, Keira sails smoothly over the heads of the Sentries and avians manning the city watchtowers—they watch us with Sentry bows frozen in their grasps, arrows nocked but no one daring to shoot. 
Past the gates we enter into a slow descent. Keira circles the city while a crowd gathers in the streets below, craning their necks and gaping up at us. As I descend upon New Fauske astride a winged wolf with my hair fluttering out behind me in the breeze, I easily feel the most powerful I’ve ever felt. I feel like I really am Nixa, revealing herself to the Nixans for the first time. 
Keira lands neatly on the flat stone roof of the city theater, tucking in her wings as I slide off her back. The gathered crowd of Nixans, avians and shifters stretches out around us in all directions, still and silent and transfixed. 
“I am Cassatia Loraveire,” I begin, my voice amplified thanks to an Old Magic shein from Iraine, “former bond to Iven Heilagur and therefore your rightful queen. I have drunk from the waters of Nixa’s spring and survived, and I come here with the Goddess’s blessing to convey to you her wishes.” 
“Cassatia,” says another voice, as unnaturally loud as mine. Evana steps out onto the castle balcony five hundred feet ahead of me, though even from this distance I can see the steely fire in her eyes. The same fire wells up in my chest at the sight of her, the woman who killed my father and tried to kill me. I wait for my brother, the city’s duke, to emerge from behind her, but he never does. My muscles go tense. Where is he? He should be here. 
Evana crosses her arms. “How dare you speak the name of the Goddess after you have publicly allied yourself with her greatest enemy, the Wardens?” 
“The Wardens are not Nixa’s greatest enemy,” I say, swallowing back my fear for Aren. “When Nixa first came to the Nixans, she tasked them with spreading her teachings to all other Novans. But throughout the centuries, we have only done so through violence and coercion, tainting her holy influence. Nixa never intended for us to fight and kill so many of our Novan brothers and sisters over her; and now, with her blessing, I plan to lead all the Novan peoples to unity and peace, fulfilling her ultimate desire.” I wait for some reaction from Evana or the people down below, but there is none. “My uncle, Duke Carasten, has already seen the wisdom of my plan—his Sentry commander witnessed my drinking from Nixa’s spring, and he has pledged his forces to serve me in my quest to realize Nixa’s true will.” I rest a hand on Keira’s wolf head. “If any of you wish to join me as well, today is your chance.” 
“Don’t listen to this traitor,” Evana tells her people. “She is twisting the truth to try and convince you to betray your own kind for her benefit. She’s fooling you with her winged wolf made in the image of Katyri, as if given to her by Nixa herself.” Evana shakes her head. “It’s a trick—an illusion made with dark magic to deceive you.” She extends an arm, and a white winged wolf looking just like Keira steps out the open balcony doors. The wolf spreads its giant wings and flies off, circling above the city as Keira had before vanishing into the sky. 
And suddenly the spell is broken; the awed, frozen faces beneath me twist into anger. My heart drops out of my chest. Shit. Keira tugs at my arm, and I quickly scramble onto her back. 
“This false queen has tormented us for too long,” Evana says. A flock of blue-clad avians rises up behind her, armed with guns and Sentry bows aimed directly at me. “Kill her.” 
But before they can fire, a giant hole tears open the earth beneath the theater, eliciting shrieks and forcing the crowd to jump out of its way. Keira leaps off the roof, pulling her wings in around my body, and we plunge down into the hole, my vision going dark as shots and screams echo through the city above. 


 
12 December: Roery 
I fly into New Fauske at the same time as Cass does, sailing all the way to the castle on a nice cold draft of wind and landing soft and quiet on top of its north tower. Below me, Cass and Evana are immersed in a war of words that can be heard all over the city, pretty much eliminating any chance I have of being noticed. 
Getting down on my knees, I feel around through the snow blanketing the stone floor of the tower until I find the access hatch Cass and Keira had told me about. It comes open with a soft click muffled by the snow; gently I pry it open and slip inside. 
I tiptoe down a set of stairs into a low-roofed circular room framed by small windows and paintings of famous historical Nixans. Grabbing my wrist, I feel the hands of the tactile watch I was given to check the time: it’s eight twenty-something, and I don’t return to visibility until eight forty-five. Plenty of time. 
I make my way down a dozen more flights of spiraling stairs until I’m out of the tower and in the main part of the castle. Avians and shifter servants flit by me in all directions, many of them whispering to their friends about the events going on outside. I want to know what happened with Cass and Keira, of course, but I have more pressing concerns at the moment; I figure I’ll hear all about it soon enough anyway. 
There’s a strong food aroma wafting up from somewhere underneath me—they must be preparing breakfast in the castle kitchens. Figuring that the kitchens are going to be a place crowded enough for me to reappear into without attracting attention, I follow my nose down to the castle’s first floor. 
I’d been right; the atmosphere inside the kitchens is frantic, with shifters and avians slicing meats and fruits and cooking over fires. “Stop talking and start working,” a tall woman barks at them. “Whatever else is going on today, Evana will still expect us to have the food ready on time.” 
The crowded space and narrow aisles present me with another problem, however: slipping between people without bumping into them. My eyes lock on the bathroom sign at the other end of the giant open room, and I pull my wings in as tight as I can to weave around the servants to get to it. It’s impossible for me to completely avoid knocking shoulders and brushing feathers against arms, but no one seems to notice among the chaos. 
Reaching the bathroom, I press myself against the wall and duck inside as soon as someone opens the door, finding to my relief modern-style bathroom stalls within. I lock myself in one of them and stand on the toilet, feeling my watch and waiting for my half-hour of invisibility to be up. 
It’s only a few minutes before a dim shimmer of light courses through my limbs, my body solidifying around me piece by piece. Quickly checking to make sure no one else is in the bathroom, I jump down from the toilet and head back into the kitchens. 
As soon as I step outside, a girl slams against me and sends the platter of pastries she’d been holding flying. “Shit,” she breathes, bending down to clean them up. 
“I’m sorry,” I say quickly, kneeling to help her. But as soon as our eyes meet, the blood freezes in my veins. 
The girl is an avian with dark red hair, a dusting of freckles beneath her hazel eyes, and angel-white wings sprouting from the back of her plain blue frock. And if her neck hadn’t been covered by her hair, I would have noticed seven tattooed birds flying up it—the mark identifying members of Clan Gaoithe Fuar, my clan. 
“Oh, my God,” I say. “Chleo.” Fionn’s little sister. 
Chleo scrambles to her feet, forgetting all about the fallen pastries; only now do I realize she’s got one arm strapped to her chest in a sling. I stand with her. “Roery,” she breathes. “I thought you were dead—we all did, cara. You and my brother.” 
“Fionn is dead,” I say quietly. “They killed him, Chleo.” I can’t help but think of it now, how he screamed, how they had to tie up his wings…. 
“Who killed him?” 
“Back to work!” the tall woman snaps at us; neither of us pay her any attention. 
“Llyrsi,” I say. “They’re the ones who captured us that day we went out to explore the islands. They killed Fionn, and I escaped, and…and now I’m here.” I’m not supposed to be saying any of this stuff, but the sight of Chleo and the memory of her brother have completely thrown me off. “But I don’t want Fyrie to know I just got here,” I add quickly. “I just—I don’t want to call attention to myself.” 
“Sure,” Chleo says, her voice sounding far away. She shakes her head. “Why did the llyrsi capture you? Why would they kill my brother?” 
“I don’t know.” Tears prick at my eyes. Shit. “I don’t know, Chleo. I wish they would’ve killed me instead.” 
“Don’t say that,” Chleo murmurs. Stepping forward, she wraps me up in a sudden, fierce hug, surprising me. “I’m just glad you’re alive. There are so many who aren’t anymore.” 
“What about your mother?” I ask. I’m already dreading the answer thanks to the quaver in her voice. “And the rest of the clan?” 
Chleo pulls back from me, swallowing. “She was killed when Fyrie sent her to Svalbard.” She covers her mouth and turns away. “Most of Gaoithe Fuar was sent, and a lot were killed. They’re still over there now. My mother…she broke my arm so I wouldn’t have to go.” She sniffs, looking back to me. “I’ve been all alone over here for weeks now.” 
I close my eyes, my throat closing up. No, no, no. Fionn and Chleo’s mother had been almost like my own—avians are brought up by their clan as a whole, and after the early death of my mother it was she who took care of me and nursed me. The entire clan is my family, whether we share blood or not. And now many of them are dead—I wonder who, exactly, but I don’t want to hear the names. 
A palm smacks against my ear; I leap back instinctively, and my eyes fly open to find the tall woman glaring down at me and Chleo. “What the hell is going on?” she growls through her teeth. “Back to work!” 
“I’m going to be sick,” I choke out. I take off running through the kitchens, shoving my way between the cooks and servants with no concern left about attracting undue attention. I collapse against a wall just outside, burying my head in my hands. Emotions I’d worked so hard to repress come pouring out between my trembling fingers in the form of tears, fast and cold. “No,” I whisper into my palms. “Mo mhuintir.” 
Finally I know what’s happened to my clan, and it’s exactly what I’d dreaded the most. I’d been so worried about returning home and having to tell them all about Fionn’s death, having to see their faces and feel the pain all over again—but now I’m wondering how much of Gaoithe Fuar will be left for me to return to at all. 


 
13 December: Keira 
We return to Boston with failure hanging over our heads like rain clouds. All that work to make Cass look like Nixa’s chosen prophet, all that work figuring out how to shift into Katyri, a literal magic winged wolf, and Evana had torn it all apart with a simple Old Magic shein. Stupid, stupid us. After how that went, it’s pretty clear there won’t be any parades of defected New Fauskians marching into Boston like we’d hoped. 
Even with Duke Carasten’s forces on our side and the llyrsi out of the picture, Evana’s people are going to outnumber us at least two to one. We won’t be able to defeat them in head-to-head combat without some sort of miracle—and I don’t put much stock in miracles. 
So the night of our return to Boston, as I sit eating gross dry turkey with the others in the Wardens’ dining hall, my head starts to wrap itself around an idea that’s been nipping at the edges of my consciousness for a while now. There’s another way we could beat Evana—a really terrible, awful way—that’s starting to seem like it might be our only hope. 
❄❄❄ 
I grab Aysa by the arm as she steps out of Cass’s room. Can we talk? I ask her. 
She gives me a look in response that says Not really, but I lead her back to my room anyway. She sits beside me on my bed, watching me through narrowed eyes. 
Look, I tell her. I need your help with something, and for it to work I also need you to add me to your thought-block thing. 
Aysa types a message into her phone and holds it up to show me. I just added Roery. Two non-jnani is tiring enough—handling three would be exhausting. 
I get it, I tell her, though really I don’t get anything about thought-blocks. But if everything goes according to plan, it would only be temporary. Just look into my thoughts; you’ll see. 
I give her a minute, trying my best to push my plan to the forefront of my mind to make it easier for her. I can almost feel Aysa in my head, burrowing through my darkest secrets and innermost private thoughts to figure out what I’m talking about. It makes me feel as uncomfortable as always. 
And then I hear her voice in my head, the first time I’ve heard it since she put up her thought-block: “Wow, Keira.” 
I nod, taking a breath and trying to hold back my emotions. She’s added me to the thought-block, which is an encouraging first sign. Will you help me? I ask. 
Aysa purses her lips. “Cass is not going to like this.” 
I know, I say. Which is why she can’t know about it. I meet Aysa’s eyes. But I think we could make it work. 
“Maybe,” she admits. “Still, Keira—it’s a high price to pay. The highest there is.” 
We’re all gonna be risking our lives in this battle, I point out. This is no different. 
“It is different,” Aysa insists. “What you want…it’s a suicide mission.” 
It’s for Cass, though. I ball my hands into fists. I would do anything for her. 
“I know.” 
And I think you would, too, I add, trying to read the emotions behind Aysa’s eyes and wishing I had a little bit of her mind-reading talent. 
“I would,” she agrees. “But she’d never forgive me if I helped you with this.” 
If you really love her, that shouldn’t matter, I say. You’d do it anyway, because it’s what’s best for her. It’s best for everyone, really, if Cass becomes queen. And I don’t think she will unless we intervene. 
Aysa nods slowly. “You’re right,” she admits; “she won’t. I’ve been thinking it for a while now, ever since we were kicked out of Rome. We just don’t have the people anymore to defeat Evana. We…we have to do something.” 
I raise my eyebrows at her, sitting forward. So you’ll help me? 
“I’ll help you,” she confirms. Trembling, she lowers her head into her hands, her fingers tearing anxiously at her hair. “Even if Cass has me killed for it.” 


 
13 December: Roery 
The avians living in New Fauske sleep in what used to be the Sentry ward; all of the city’s Sentries have been relocated to the tents and warehouses surrounding the castle, now being used as temporary shelters thanks to the avian influx and refugees from Svalbard. Apparently we’ve taken the shifters’ place as the Nixan leaders’ strongest allies. 
Chleo has an open bed next to hers, which I claim—it’s creaky and hard with only a sliver of mattress to pad the firm white wood underneath, but I’ve slept on plenty worse. The ward is a bit warmer than the rest of New Fauske because of the little heating vents built into the walls, and giant windows overhead give us a fantastic view of the stars. 
Between the creakiness of the bed, my anxiety over being an intruder in a weird new city, and the awful, omnipresent thoughts of my now-dead clanmates, I find it very difficult to fall asleep. That’s why, on my second night in New Fauske, I’m awake when Evana and Fyrie walk past the mouth of the ward at three in the morning, the heads of their silhouettes bowed as they converse in low voices. 
I sit up quickly, wide awake. Aysa, I think, if you’re up, Evana and Fyrie are having an important-sounding conversation right now. 
Then I realize that even if she is awake, Aysa will be back in Boston by now and not able to use a cast-range large enough to listen in on anyone’s thoughts in New Fauske. Which means that if I want to know what they’re talking about, I’ll have to figure it out myself. 
Carefully I slip out of bed and shrug on a jacket, tiptoeing out of the Sentry ward and into the frigid air pervading the rest of the castle. Straining my ears, I can make out the unintelligible murmur of Evana and Fyrie’s voices coming from somewhere nearby; I hear the creak of a door sliding open, and my keen avian eyes immediately flit to a pair of figures across the castle from me ducking inside a darkened room. 
The corridor separating the castle’s halls is open and visible from the ground floor, and there are four guards stationed there in front of the castle entrances, both avians and Sentries—they’re far enough away from me, though, and none of them appear to be on high alert. I keep low to the ground and tread lightly on the soles of my feet as I cross over, moving as slowly and silently as I can. 
Safely across the overhang, I reach the sliding door that Evana and Fyrie passed through and press my ear against it. Their voices are coming from inside, sure enough, but they’re too muffled for me to make out. I pull back on the door just a little, giving myself a small crack to see and hear through, and hold my breath. 
The two figures inside are engrossed in their conversation, totally oblivious to my looking in. “We don’t need Caphian,” Evana is saying, sounding flustered. “We don’t need anyone who is disloyal to us; skeptics like Caphian are an obstacle more than anything else.” 
“What about the prisoners, though?” Fyrie says. “We needed them, Evana—the boy at least.” 
She shakes her head. “We’ll try to hunt them down.” 
“They’ll be long gone. Caphian’s too smart to get himself caught.” 
“Then we just won’t let anyone know they’re missing.” Evana wraps her arms around Fyrie’s neck in a way that makes me widen my eyes. “We’ll say we sent the Sentries off on a mission, and no one outside of your avian guards will ever know about the prisoners. We’ll tell whatever lies we need to.” Fyrie leans in closer; Evana pulls back teasingly, letting her arms slip down to her sides. “We’ve dealt with worse setbacks before—we just need to make sure we have our story straight. Come on.” She opens another door leading out into a different room, taking Fyrie with her by the hand. The door closes, muffling their voices again. 
Damn it. I creak open the door a little more, ready to follow them, when I feel a tap on my shoulder. 
Stiffening, I turn slowly around to find Chleo standing half a meter behind me. I’d been so intent on listening in on Evana and Fyrie that I hadn’t heard her sneaking up on me. 
“What are you doing, Roery?” she asks. “Spying on Evana and Fyrie?” 
Shit. Shit shit shit. I shove past her and try to make a run for it, but Chleo grabs me by the hair and sends me tumbling to the floor with a gasp and a thump, crushing one of my wings. 
“What’s going on up there?” calls one of the door guards from downstairs. Shit shit shit, I think again. 
Chleo walks out to where the guards can see her; I pull myself to my feet, stepping out behind her and massaging my aching wing. “We were just out for a little walk,” Chleo explains. “My friend’s a bit clumsy—sorry about the noise.” 
“Avians aren’t permitted to wander the castle after dark unless on guard duty,” the guard says. “You need to return to the ward or we’ll have to report you.” 
“Sorry,” Chleo repeats, grabbing my arm and dragging me roughly forward. Not knowing what to think or what else to do, I follow her back to the old Sentry ward and into a bathroom. 
Chleo shuts the door behind us, blinding me when she turns on the lights. “Okay,” she says as soon as my vision has returned. “How about you tell me what you’re really doing here. Because I don’t think you came to help Fyrie.” She’s got her arms crossed, but the look in her eyes is curious rather than accusatory. 
I try to steady my breaths. I don’t have any lies to tell, and I’m horrible at lying anyway, so I might as well go with the truth and hope for the best. “You’re right,” I admit. “I’m here to help Fyrie’s enemies, actually. It was a couple of Wardens who saved me when I was imprisoned by the llyrsi, and I’ve been with them ever since.” I nervously scratch at the back of my head. “I know Evana promised she’d give us our country back if we help her, but I really don’t think any of us should be trusting her.” 
“Evana didn’t just promise us Ireland, you know,” Chleo says. “She promised us the whole British Isles. Everything that used to be ours before the Nixans and Sentries came.” 
I shake my head. “She’s not going to give us any of that. As soon as she’s done with the avians, she’ll kick us all to the curb, and she’ll have enough power to keep us from retaliating.” 
“I know,” Chleo says; “that’s what a lot of us are thinking. But Fyrie and his clan called on us to join him, and the rest of the clans were too afraid to disagree. Droch Aimsir is twice as big as any of the rest of us, and all its members would kill for Fyrie, no questions asked.” She gives me a probing look. “I don’t care if you’re a spy for the Wardens. I think it’s pretty dangerous that you’ve come here, but it’s the exact kind of stupid thing Fionn would have done. I’m not surprised he rubbed off on you a bit.” 
I smile, feeling a weight dissipating off my shoulders. “I didn’t think someone like you would be a mindless lackey for Fyrie,” I say. 
“Not after what happened to our clan, at least.” Chleo glances down at her broken arm. “If it weren’t for this, I’d probably be dead, just like my mother and half of Gaoithe Fuar. Fyrie’s the one who sent them off to battle in Svalbard—it’s his fault they’re dead, and here I am on kitchen duty in the castle, cooking his meals for him.” She bites her lip, sniffing. “So really, I don’t give a rat’s ass if you came here to help take him down; I’d help you, even.” Her eyes are bright and earnest as they meet mine, filled with a steely anger. She’s the closest thing to family I’ve got here, and I believe her. Fyrie and Evana have hurt her as much as anyone—she’s not going to turn me in to them. Why should she? 
I smile at her, wiping an unexpected tear from my eye. “Iontach, Chleo. If you’re willing, I’ll take all the help you can give me.” 


 
15 December: Freya 
“We’re going to stir up quite the scandal, Freys,” Baz says, smiling at me from the other pillow. His dark hair, now long enough to reach his shoulders, spreads across the white of the fabric in ripples. “Sharing a big, private room like this.” 
I shrug. “Fenella’s the one who decided we were special enough to get our own rooms,” I point out. “Otherwise I’d be staying with Wes and you’d be with your parents. So it’s her fault if there are any scandals going on in here. She made it too easy for us.” 
“True,” Baz agrees, wrapping me up in his arms. “And if there’s anyone in this bunker I’d want to cause a scandal with, it’s you, Freys.” 
“How sweet.” Baz runs his hands along the scarred, damaged skin of my bare torso. My flesh has filled out a bit since I was rescued from the Nixans, at least to the point where you can no longer see my bones through my skin—the scars are still there, though, a reminder of just how different things were for me not so long ago. They make these moments where I can relax in the arms of someone I trust, calm and peaceful, feel so much more valuable. 
My phone begins to buzz on the table beside my bed; I ignore it at first, pressing myself deeper and deeper into Basil’s skin, but when it starts to ring again, I decide that it might be important and reluctantly sit up to answer it. 
It’s Wes, of course. “Hello?” I say grumpily. 
“Are you still in bed, Freya?” 
I twist around to look at Baz. “Maybe.” 
“Well, I’d get up now if I were you, and come to the council room,” Wes advises. “There’s some pretty big shit going on down here.” 
I perk up. “What big shit?” 
“We’ve got some defectors from New Fauske who showed up in Boston this morning.” 
“Seriously? I thought everyone said Cass’s flying-wolf-speech thing had been a total disaster.” 
“I guess not a total disaster,” Wes replies. “But the people who want to join us—well, they’re kind of the last ones you’d expect.” 
“What, your Nixan priest friends?” I ask. 
“Nope. Caphian Serasul.” 
My phone slips from my grasp. “Jesus Christ.” 
“What?” Baz asks, pulling himself up beside me. “What’s the big shit?” 
“Caphian’s here,” I tell him. “He wants to join us against Evana.” 
Baz blinks. “You’re kidding me.” 
“Either that or Wes is about to get his ass kicked for playing an extremely screwed-up prank on me,” I say, standing up and throwing Baz his leg. “Put this on and get dressed. We’re going to the council room.” 
❄❄❄ 
Wes hadn’t been lying: behind Fenella’s seat in the back of the council room stands a group of about a dozen shifters flanked by Warden guards with fire-guns. I freeze in the doorway at the sight of them until Baz gently nudges me forward. 
Fenella’s councilmen have all taken their seats, with Wes standing awkwardly beside Basil’s father. He gives us a relieved look when we step inside—I think he called us here just so he wouldn’t be the only seventeen-year-old in the room. 
He shouldn’t have worried, though, because Cass and her retinue enter about five seconds after Baz and I do. The Nixan queen stands between Keira and Aysa with her arms crossed over her chest. “What’s going on?” she demands. 
“Salene,” Keira says, her eyes on a Sentry girl at the edge of the group. She gives her a bemused smile. “What are you doing here?” 
“Our patrols picked these Sentries up about an hour ago,” Fenella explains, “as well as these two.” She gestures to the shifters, and they part to reveal two Nixans standing behind them—one is a boy who looks about thirteen, and the other is a man I vaguely recognize: narrowing my eyes, I realize that it’s Espen, the Nixan missionary from Ymetrine who sent Wes and Iraine to New Fauske. I hear Wes mumble a surprised curse, and Cass raises a hand to her mouth. 
“Aren,” she murmurs, stepping forward with her eyes on the boy. Oh, God. Shit. It’s her little brother, the one who’s supposed to be the duke in charge of the Nixans’ Western Province. “Great Nixa.” 
Aren Loraveire runs into his sister’s arms; she buries her head in his shoulder. “I can’t believe you’re here,” she murmurs, pulling away and grabbing him by the ears. “I had no idea what was happening to you. Are you all right?” 
“No one hurt me,” he says, “but Evana kept me locked up in the castle. She didn’t want me to do anything; she said that she and her baby were the only ones fit to rule, even in New Fauske.” 
“Her baby?” I repeat, raising my eyebrows. 
Aren briefly looks at me, then averts his eyes as he realizes he’s speaking to a Warden girl. “She’s pregnant,” he explains. “She says her baby will start a new line of Nixan royals now that the Heilagurs are gone.” 
“I thought Nixan priestesses weren’t allowed to get pregnant,” Baz mutters to me. I shake my head. 
“Espen,” Wes says, his gaze focused on the priest instead of Aren. “What are you here for?” 
“Evana had me arrested after you and Iraine were rescued,” Espen says. “She figured out that I’d helped you infiltrate New Fauske. She was going to have me executed before Caphian and his Sentries snuck me out of the city.” 
For the first time since I entered the room, Caphian, standing at the front of the pack, looks up from his Sentries to meet Cass’s eyes. The sight of his face sends a shiver down my spine. I’ve seen that face many, many times before, the face of the only Sentry allowed to enter my containment cell when I was held prisoner by the Nixans. He’d never hurt me or Quincey, but I can so clearly remember him watching expressionlessly from the other side of the cell’s glass wall as I was whipped and beaten and starved. Why him? 
“We brought Espen and your brother to you as a peace offering,” Caphian says to Cass. “We’ve decided that we can no longer support Evana. I made a vow of service to the Loraveire family, your family—not to her. Evana is no queen; and within the castle walls, she’s no High Priestess, either.” 
“She killed Asreil,” adds another Sentry, a woman with dark curly hair, “for refusing to imprison Duke Aren. She’ll kill anyone who dares to question her.” 
“I’ve always liked you, Cassatia,” Caphian says. “I never imagined I’d be agreeing to work with Wardens, but I’ll do it for you and your family.” 
“And why should we believe you?” Fenella asks. “You and your Sentries have only ever brought our people pain. How do we know this isn’t part of Evana’s plan to get information out of us?” 
Cass releases her brother and steps forward. “Roery reported overhearing that Caphian escaped New Fauske against her will. And I highly doubt she’d choose to send him off with my brother—she needs him with her to uphold the legitimacy of her rule in New Fauske.” She nods back at her jnani friend. “Plus, Aysa’s looked through their thoughts, and she says they’re telling the truth. I think we should let them stay.” 
“I agree,” Keira speaks up behind her. “The Caph I know would pick Cass and Aren over Evana any day. And Salene. We can trust them.” 
“This is ridiculous,” Wes snaps, startling me with the anger in his voice; all the room’s eyes swivel over to him. “Caphian’s the one who led the Massacre of Alexandria. He’s the reason my sister was imprisoned and tortured for over a year—you expect her to work with him?” 
And then the eyes are suddenly all on me, which I hate. Caphian’s looking at me, too, though I can’t read his expression. I clear my throat. I know what I want to say, but I also know that it’s not what I need to say. “What happened to me wasn’t his fault; he was just doing his job. Fenris is the one who ordered him to lead the attack on Alexandria and take me and Quincey as prisoners. Like he said, he’s loyal to the Loraveires.” I take a breath, clenching my fists. “If Aysa says they’re telling the truth, we should let them help us.” 
There’s a moment of silence—then Fenella nods. “You’ve made good points,” she says to me and Cass. “And they have brought us a valuable asset in Aren. If Cassatia believes he will be loyal to our cause, then I will trust her judgment. She did travel to New Fauske to recruit defectors, after all.” She nods to the Wardens guarding the Sentries. “Find them some rooms. We’ll talk more later.” 
As the gathered crowd disperses, the Sentries filing out the back and Cass leading her brother by the hand through a side door, Basil turns to me and runs a soft hand down my back. “I’m surprised you did that,” he says. “After everything those assholes did to you.” 
“It was the right choice,” I say heavily. “I don’t think Caphian is evil, just extremely loyal. He had plenty of opportunities to do shit to me and Quincey himself, but he never did. I don’t think he wanted to.” I don’t think I can forgive him for standing by and watching, either, but I don’t have to forgive him—I just have to trust him, which is much easier, especially when we’ve got a mind-reader on our side. 
Still, the arrival of Caphian and his Sentries has dredged up old memories of my time in captivity that I’d worked hard to bury. The familiar tremor I now fear I’ll never entirely be rid of courses down my arms and into my hands. Basil takes my wrist and starts to massage it, calming my overactive nerves. 
“Thanks,” I whisper to him, feeling myself relax. He nods. I lean against his shoulder; Wes glances at us for a second before turning to leave. I wonder what he’s thinking—then I wonder why I care so much about what he’s thinking. 
“Can we go back to bed now?” I ask Baz, my voice not nearly as strong as I would like it to be. “Please?” 


 
16 December: Norah 
Fenella puts together her new official war council after Caphian’s arrival; she and all her councilmen are on it, of course, along with Sayra for the dusties and Iraine, who’d returned to Boston after Cass’s stunt to report on what’s happening with the Sylvans and Shades she’d recruited. Cass, Keira and Aysa are allowed on, too, along with Wes, Basil and Freya. Caphian is reluctantly appointed to represent the Sentries after both his and Duke Carasten’s shifters vote for it, and I’m given the final seat thanks to me having led the successful mission in Sola City. 
The main order of business for our first meeting is to make preparations for a battle camp close to New Fauske; the dusties plan to create an intricate network of tunnels underneath the city to use during the battle, and Sayra estimates they’ll need at least a couple of days to complete it, so they’ll need a base they can work out of as soon as possible. Though the vamp leaders pulled out of the battle back in Rome, Basil’s father has managed to convince a few groups of American vamps to join our effort independently—they’ll be tasked with guarding the new camp, though everyone on the council suspects it will go undisturbed by Evana’s forces; she’s made it clear that she wants the fighting to take place inside New Fauske. 
After the meeting’s over, Cass and Keira announce that they want to go ice skating and invite the rest of us to join them. None of the Wardens want to go—Wes and Basil want to do some exercises instead with Baz’s new leg, and Freya had already promised to meet up with her friends Naira and Liesel—and neither does Aysa, who’d rather take a nap; but Iraine decides to come, and I do too, if only to help take my mind off the impending deadly battle. I invite Jordi as well, wanting at least one person I know fairly well with us. 
“I’ve never been ice skating before,” Jordi admits to me as we take our seats on one of the benches that surround the outdoor rink Cass and Keira found, only a ten-minute walk from Warden headquarters and decorated with garlands and red tinsel for Christmas. 
I narrow my eyes at him, slipping my feet into their skates. “Why’d you want to come, then?” 
“I figured I’d learn,” Jordi says, shrugging. “Plus, you sounded like you really wanted me to.” He throws his feet up into my lap. “Could you help me with the laces, though?” 
As I get to work tying up Jordi’s skates, Cass hops off the bench and turns to her brother Aren, whom she’d convinced to come along with us. “You ready?” she asks him. 
Aren nods and grabs his sister’s hand, following her out onto the ice. I watch with Kiera, Iraine and Jordi as the two of them take a fast, graceful lap around the rink, looking completely at home despite being in the middle of one of the Wardens’ biggest cities. 
“I’m surprised Caph was able to get Aren out of New Fauske,” Keira murmurs, done tying up her own skates but watching rather than joining them. 
“And Espen,” Iraine adds. “I would’ve thought Evana would kill him as soon as she got her hands on him. Guess she wanted to get information out of him first.” 
“Evana doesn’t strike me as much of an anger-kill type of person,” Keira says. “I can’t see her killing Espen just for helping out you and Wes.” 
Iraine shakes her head. “Not for that—I thought she’d want him dead because he knows she killed Duke Fenris.” 
Keira makes a startled noise. “I thought he was just some random missionary from Ymetrine. How the hell would he know that?” 
“Because he helped her kill him,” Iraine replies. “He gave her the draugr potion she used to poison him.” 
“A priest who makes draugr potion,” Keira muses. “Well, that’s…interesting.” 
“Finished,” I tell Jordi—he swings his feet back onto the ground, and I help him teeter clumsily on his skates into the rink, Keira and Iraine following behind. 
“All right,” I say when we reach the edge of the ice. “Step onto it super carefully, and—” Before I can finish, Jordi’s skate slips on the ice, and he tumbles backwards into the grass. Keira snorts, stepping over him and heading into the rink to chase after Cass and Aren. 
Iraine helps me pull Jordi back onto his feet before skating off on her own. I hold Jordi’s hand as we take our first slow, painful lap around. “Your movements are too clunky,” I tell him halfway through, tired of unwillingly counting his steps. “Stop picking your feet up off the ice. Just…glide.” I let go of him briefly to demonstrate—he falls onto his knees without me to lean on, but he’s able to pick himself back up again on his own. I skate backwards in front of him and monitor him closely. 
“I’ll get the hang of it soon,” Jordi promises, watching Cass as she attempts a fancy jump over the ice—an Axel, I think—before falling down herself. “How did you learn to skate so well? Your parents?” 
I nod. “Well, sort of. We had a rink right by our house in Annapolis, and my parents made me take lessons there when I was little.” 
Jordi raises his eyes to meet mine, suddenly looking much more serious. My heart jumps; I’m pretty sure I know exactly what he’s going to ask. “Back in Sola City, when we were talking to Aures Chaise, you called him your father. Was he…you know, your birth father, then?” 
I swallow, stars beginning to dance at the edges of my vision, and give a little shrug. “According to him, at least. He had me shipped off to America as a baby for some experiment he wanted to conduct, so I had no idea who he was until I made it back to Sola City.” Jordi’s brow creases with sympathy; I turn away from him. “It doesn’t matter. He’s not really my father either way.” My thoughts drift off to my real parents, the Senex who raised me, and I feel a tiny squeeze in my chest. “I ran away from my actual parents, just like you did.” 
“I miss my parents,” Jordi says ruefully. “If I’m still around after all of this is over, I’m going to go back and see them again.” He nudges my foot with his skate, almost making me lose balance myself. “You should go see yours again, too. They’re probably worried sick about you.” 
I bite my lip. Ever since my powers manifested, I’d always told myself that I could never go home again, that my family would scream and slam the door in my face if I ever showed up at it. Would they take me back, after all the problems I caused them, just because they’re my parents? 
Maybe. But that’s a question for another day, sometime after the battle. “I think you’re right,” I tell Jordi. “If I make it through everything in one piece, I think I’ll go back home and see what happens.” I tap at my leg. “I’m nervous about it, but, I mean, they’re my family. I have to try.” 
Jordi grins at me. “I’m nervous, too,” he admits. “But we’ll do it together. Promise me you will?” 
“I promise,” I say, reaching out to catch him as he stumbles forward into me. “But first, I’ve got to teach you how to skate without tripping over your feet.” 


 
16 December: Aysa 
Keira wakes me from my nap as soon as she gets back from ice skating, her mind buzzing with excitement and urgency. Get your ass up, Aysa! 
Reluctantly I disentangle myself from my nest of blankets and sit up, yawning. Keira is perched on the edge of my bed, radiating impatience. I give her a look so full of annoyance that even a non-jnani could pick up on it. That had been a good nap, and I’ve felt drained and exhausted ever since I added Keira to my thought-block. “I hope this is worth it.” 
It is, Keira promises. I learned something very interesting from Iraine while we were ice skating. 
I narrow my eyes, straining to look through her thoughts; fortunately, the one she’s referencing is etched all over her mind. “Espen the Nixan knows how to make draugr potion,” I say. “For your big plan.” My stomach clenches with misgiving at the idea of Keira’s big plan. 
According to Iraine, at least, Keira says. So could you look through his memories and figure out how? 
I rub my temples; just the thought of that gives me a headache. Non-jnani always think mind-reading is way easier and simpler than it is. “I’m trying to maintain a thought-block for me and three other people right now, Keira. It’s why I’m so tired all the time. Looking through years of memories to try and acquire someone’s knowledge…remember when I showed you all the different layers of mind-reading with the layer sun? That’s one of the deepest. I can’t do that right now, no way.” 
Damn it, Keira says. That means we’ll actually have to ask him. 
I remember parsing through Espen’s thoughts when he first arrived with Caphian’s Sentries and purse my lips. “After everything he’s been through, that guy’s a wary man,” I tell Keira. “Do you think he’d trust a couple of total strangers with his secrets?” 
Well, what if we got someone who isn’t a total stranger to talk to him? The image of Wes flashes through Keira’s head. 
“No,” I say quickly, “not him. You can’t ask Wes to talk to Espen about draugr potion without telling him your whole plan, and there’s no way he’d go along with it.” I give her a meaningful look. “He really likes you, you know that?” 
Sure, Keira says, her cheeks going red and her excitement quickly changing to embarrassment. She’s well aware of the fact that I’m in her head right now, experiencing her thoughts as she does, which only makes her feel more embarrassed. 
“Iraine would be a much better choice,” I continue, trying to push past the distraction. “She knows more than anyone how important it is to get Evana out of power, and I think she’d understand what you’re trying to do. Plus, she knows Espen way better than Wes does.” 
Keira goes tense at the mention of Iraine’s name. I feel weird about bringing her into this, she confesses. I feel weird about her in general, actually. Her mind goes back to last night’s dinner, Iraine sitting across from Keira and Wes and eyeing them wistfully, turning away when Wes brushed gently against Keira’s arm. 
“I know,” I tell her. “But this is way more important than that. This is our best shot, Keira.” 
You’re right, she admits reluctantly. It does make more sense to ask Iraine. 
I bite my lip, thinking. Talking to Iraine and Espen is going to mean adding two more people to my thought-block, which will be a new record for me—I never even had to do that during my dheira training. But I know I have to figure out a way to handle it; as much as I hate this, it really does seem like our best shot against Evana. Our only shot, maybe. 
Sighing, I pull myself out of bed and paste on my ajna-stone, rolling back my shoulders and bracing myself to further strain my already seriously strained mental resources. “All right, then,” I say. “Let’s go talk to them.” 


 
16 December: Keira 
“You sure you want this?” Iraine asks me, her fist raised to knock on the door to Espen’s room. I nod, feeling suddenly nervous. I’m about to meet the guy who made the poison that killed Cass’s father. I never much liked Fenris Loraveire—he did send me on a deadly mission to retrieve a fake magic sword, after all—but still. 
Iraine knocks; Espen answers only a second later, his eyes sweeping over me and her and Aysa. “What is this about?” Judging by his tone of voice, Aysa was right about him being wary. 
Iraine takes a breath. “Espen, these are my…friends, Keira and Aysa.” I lift a hand awkwardly when she says my name. 
“A shifter and a jnani,” Espen mutters. “Interesting.” His brow creases. “Have I seen the two of you before?” he asks us. “When I first came here?” 
“Yep,” I say. “No one can forget my face, I know.” 
“They’re both here with Cassatia Loraveire,” Iraine explains. “They’re her advisors—and they’d like to have a word with you if you don’t mind.” 
“What kind of a word?” Espen asks. 
“He’s nervous,” Aysa says to me, “but he doesn’t distrust us. He believes that we’re on the same side.” 
Good, I think. “You might be able to help us against Evana,” I tell him. “Can we come inside?” 
Espen nods and lets the three of us into his room; I can feel his eyes fixed on the back of my head. I sit on top of his dresser, crossing my legs. “I have it on good authority that you slipped Evana a bit of draugr potion to give to Duke Fenris before his mysterious death.” I gesture to Iraine. “Good authority meaning her.” 
Espen shifts his weight. “I did,” he says slowly, “but I wish I hadn’t. Are you questioning my loyalties?” 
“If you were actually on Evana’s side, I think the jnani in the room would be able to tell.” I smirk. “We’re here because we know you’re very much not on Evana’s side, and if you’re looking for a way to make amends for basically helping her take over the world, I know exactly how you can do it.” 
“You’re doing good, making him feel guilty like that,” Aysa says, though I’m not entirely sure she isn’t being sarcastic. It’s hard to pick up sarcasm from a mind-voice. 
“I’m listening,” Espen says. 
I sit forward. “You’re going to make some more draugr potion,” I tell him, “but this time, Evana’s going to be the one drinking it.” 
Espen laughs. “Good luck getting her to do that,” he says ruefully. “She’s well aware of how the potion works, trust me. And she’s pretty smart when it comes to figuring out when people are trying to kill her.” 
Aysa shoots me a look. “Don’t worry about that bit,” I reply. “I’ve got it covered.” 
Espen narrows his eyes. “You know there’s more to it than that,” he says. “Draugr potion requires a sacrifice. A big sacrifice.” 
“I know,” I say, swallowing. “But that part’s not your concern either. We just need you to make the potion for us.” 
“Hmm,” Espen muses. “Well, draugr potion is not as easy to make as you seem to think. I could, hypothetically, find most of the ingredients for it around here—but draugr potion requires the blood of a Katyran horse. A live Katyran horse. When Evana had me make the potion for her, she had to sneak one of Fenris’s out to me. Do you think you’d be able to do that?” 
“No,” I want to say, but I know that’s not the right answer. Of course draugr potion would require the blood of a Katyran horse—there are only twelve Katyrans in existence, and all of them are very heavily guarded. Duke Carasten has four, but even though he’s one of our new allies, I highly doubt he’d let us walk off with one of his precious Katyrans—at least not without Cass finding out about it, which most definitely cannot happen. Svalbard City has six of the horses, but thanks to the avian invasion, I have no idea where they’d be or if they’re even still alive. That leaves Virgo and Taurus, the two Katyrans in New Fauske. Great Nixa, I did not sign up for all of this. 
“We can do it,” I tell Espen. “If we bring you the horse, will you make us the potion?” 
“If you can get me a Katyran, you have my word,” Espen promises. “If there’s any chance it could help against Evana, I’d be honored to make it.” 
“Good,” I say, jumping down from his dresser and glancing between him and the others. “You better get started, then, because we’re gonna steal one of those fancy horses right out of New Fauske. All I need is a couple of days to figure out how to do it.” 


 
17 December: Roery 
Fyrie calls a mandatory training session for all eligible avians in New Fauske, meaning anyone older than twelve who isn’t injured like Chleo. I really don’t want to go—I’d much rather spend the day hiding out in the kitchens with Chleo—but I know that the training is exactly the kind of thing I was sent here to do. So I throw on a bright blue shirt and follow the flock of summoned avians to the designated rendezvous spot: the roof of the Royal Academy, where young Nixans go to learn math and history and perfect their powers. 
By the time I get there, there’s hardly any room left; I land precariously on the edge of the roof and am only saved from falling over the edge by a couple of helpful women who pull me forward into the crowd. “Thanks,” I mutter, running a hand through my hair. 
There are at least a thousand avians gathered here—probably closer to two thousand. And this is only half of the available forces, with the other half still in Svalbard. I’ve heard through Chleo that Fyrie’s now ordered many of those avians to come to New Fauske, too, after Cass’s big speech made it clear that our battle with her is going to happen soon. In a few days’ time, even the roof of the giant Royal Academy won’t be enough to hold all the city’s bird-people. 
Fyrie is standing on the raised platform in the center of the roof that holds the Academy’s statue of Nixa astride Katyri. A tight group of avians circles the steps of the platform—members of his clan, I assume. My stomach churns as I think of my own clanmates, many of which I know are now dead; Chleo couldn’t tell me exactly who or how many, but she learned from returning avians exactly how high the death toll in Svalbard was. 
Fyrie eventually raises his arms to quiet everyone down. “Our battle with the Wardens and Cassatia Loraveire is imminent,” he says. “Our scouts have reported that they’ve begun to construct a battle camp not far from the city borders. We have the advantage inside New Fauske, so we will let them come to us—but this means that they get to determine when the fighting begins, so we must remain vigilant.” He turns around to face the statue and grabs a large bow off of Nixa’s back, holding it up. “Today’s training is going to focus on the use of Sentry bows. Sentries have been using these for centuries, but they’re much better suited for the talents of avians than they ever were for shifters. We can use them while flying, and our superior eyesight allows us to differentiate our targets from great heights.” Avians have always used bows and arrows to fight and hunt, but Sentry bows are a whole different kind of weapon. They’re incredibly durable and easy to use, and their arrows are explosive: if they hit something solid while flying fast enough, they’ll blow it to bits. But I don’t know how useful Sentry bows will be in a battle situation like the one we’re expecting, where people fighting for both sides will be in close contact with each other. 
“I’ve set up a little training exercise on the field behind the Academy to simulate the beginning of the battle,” Fyrie continues. “Some of the Academy students have volunteered to help with it. I’ll send fifty of you out at a time with Sentry bows and practice arrows with paint balloons on the ends—twenty arrows each, same as you’ll have when the real day comes. Your goal will be to shoot down the students, who will be posing as enemy combatants. But just like in the real battle, there will be Old Magic illusions of Nixans and Sentries from our side on the ground, provided by some of our priests. Your job is to figure out how to use your arrows wisely by aiming for the enemies, not the sheins.” 
Oh. So that’s why we’ll be able to use Sentry arrows: none of Evana’s people will actually be on the ground for us to hit. Cass’s army will flood the city to fight illusions, and we’ll mow them down with explosive arrows before the real battle even begins. It sounds like a pretty great plan, to be honest. 
“Let’s get started, then,” Fyrie says. “Who wants to go first?” 
I’m sent out in one of the earlier groups—group five of thirty-seven, which means that there are, indeed, close to two thousand avians here. I grab a bow from one of Fyrie’s clanmates as well as a quiver of twenty fake arrows, soft and blunt but weighted to simulate the real ones we’ll be using. One of Fyrie’s men then leads our group up into the air over the field behind the Academy, which has been cleared of obstacles and temporary housing tents for the exercise. We’re brought about a hundred feet above the ground, around the height we’ll be stationed at during the fight against Cass’s army. The fifty of us spread out as we’re directed and hover in place as best we can with the help of some updrafts. I pull an arrow from my quiver and nock it, a red paint balloon flopping around where its arrowhead should be. The avians around me do the same and aim their bows towards the ground. 
A crowd of people materializes suddenly on the field, Nixans and Sentries—illusions created by a pair of priests standing off to the side. Each illusion wears a blue scarf around its shoulders, marking it as a shein. 
“Ready?” Fyrie’s clanmate calls as he sails over our heads. “And…begin!” 
A large pack of Nixan children floods the field, tackling the Old Magic sheins and blasting them with ice. I can see them easily even from this distance, their mouths open in fake rage and their little bodies braced to fight. Picking out one particularly fierce-looking boy tackling a fake Nixan man to the ground, I pull back my bowstring and loose my arrow. A moment later and it explodes against the boy in a cloud of red, splattering his shirt with its color; he falls to the ground as instructed, dead on impact. 
Fwip. Fwip. Fwip. Arrows rain down from all around me, turning the ground below into a pall of red that I can hardly see through. I manage to fire a few more of my arrows at a few more Nixan kids, but it’s hardly necessary—after about two minutes of shooting, the red clouds dissipate to reveal a field littered with the bloodied, motionless bodies of two hundred Nixan children, the sheins they were fighting nowhere to be found. It looks like the kind of scene I would sketch in one of my absolute darkest moods. 
My heart sinks with foreboding as a victorious cheer spreads through the pack of avians around me. It only took two minutes for fifty avians to take down a couple hundred people with fake-explosive arrows—I can hardly imagine what will happen when there are thousands of us firing from all across the city. Looking down at the red, lifeless field below, I can’t help but feel like Cass’s army is heading straight into a slaughterhouse. 


 
17 December: Cassatia 
I stop by Caphian’s room a couple hours before dinner—he’s sitting at his desk with his second lieutenant Thea, sketching out some ideas for a battle plan. Both Sentries jump to their feet when they see me standing in the doorway. 
“Your Majesty,” Thea says, giving a little curtsy. 
Great Nixa. I hadn’t even liked being called my lady. “Cass is fine,” I tell her, nodding. “Can I speak to Caphian for a minute, please?” 
“Of course.” Thea quickly grabs her things and leaves; I slide past her and up to Caphian’s desk. 
“What is it?” Caph asks. 
I clear my throat. “I just…I wanted to thank you, for coming here and everything. I haven’t really had the chance to talk to you since you arrived.” I lift my head and do my best to meet his eyes. “I know it can’t be easy, having to live side by side with a bunch of Wardens. And I know they’re not big fans of you, either.” 
“No,” Caph agrees; “they aren’t.” He gives me a wry smile. “But at this point, I’d prefer working with any number of infidels to spending another day with Evana. Especially after what she did to Asreil.” 
“I’m sorry,” I say quietly. “I know Asreil was a lot more to you than just your lieutenant.” 
“He was my closest friend,” Caph murmurs, glancing away. “I still can’t believe it happened. A Nixan High Priestess ordering the death of a Sentry pledged to serve her. And according to Espen, she’s the one who killed your father, too.” 
“She is,” I tell him. “The jnani told me when I was in India.” 
“She’s a homicidal monster.” Caph meets my eyes again. “When you flew into New Fauske on that wolf, I realized that the person we were really meant to be serving was right under our noses. That’s the day I decided—me and the others who followed me here—that we had another choice.” 
I tilt my head at him. “You don’t have to serve anyone, Caph,” I say. “It’s not one or the other; you can leave Evana without fighting for me. I’m not expecting it or anything, especially not when it means you have to work with Wardens.” 
“No,” Caphian says firmly. “We want to fight for you, no matter who that means we have to work with. Everything’s so different now that Fenris is gone. I don’t really know what I believe anymore, but I know one thing: you’re meant to be queen, and you’d be great at it. And if it takes kissing up to infidels to get you on the Nixan throne, then so be it.” 
I nod, a bit touched by his confidence, but also unnerved by it. Why is everyone so convinced I’ll make such a great queen? What kind of standard am I going to have to live up to in order to satisfy everyone who’s rallying behind me? 
“What’s wrong?” Caph asks, noticing my change in expression. 
“Nothing,” I say quickly. But Caphian gives me a knowing smile, which is all it takes for me to open up. “Even though everyone’s saying it, I’m not sure I really am Nixa’s chosen ruler,” I confess. “I’m not even sure if I believe in Nixa anymore. When I drank from her spring, I felt nothing. My father always told me how he could feel the power of the Goddess in him when he drank the water, but I felt nothing at all.” 
Caphian steps forward, laying his palms gently on my shoulders. “Cass,” he says, “The water from Nixa’s spring can mean whatever you want it to mean, and you can believe in whatever you want to believe in. I don’t think you need to be Nixa’s chosen ruler—only your people’s chosen ruler.” He fixes me with his gaze. “Evana’s claim to power rests on Nixa alone; yours doesn’t. Most of the people who are going to fight for you to take the throne aren’t concerned about the Goddess. They’re fighting for you because they believe in the world you’re going to create—and so do I.” 
“You do?” I ask, still skeptical. 
“I do.” Caph releases me and steps back. “You believing that too is all that really matters, I think. You can learn to become your own Nixa, just like you did in New Fauske.” I swallow, nodding as I remember what it was like to soar above the city on Keira’s back. I had felt a bit like a goddess then, like I could do anything I wanted. 
“Cass?” a voice calls from out in the hallway—Keira’s voice. 
“Keira?” Turning away from Caph, I go to crack open his door and find Keira and Aysa wandering the halls in search of me. “I’m in here.” 
“Oh.” Both of them stumble to a halt in front of the Caph’s door, caught off guard by my sudden appearance. “We’ve been looking everywhere for you, Cass.” 
My heartrate begins to rise. “What is it?” 
Keira and Aysa exchange a glance. “We have something we need to tell you,” Aysa says. 
❄❄❄ 
“You’re leaving?” I fall back against my bed, almost landing on a sleeping Rhody. “Are you serious?” 
Keira takes a deep breath, her eyebrows drawn together. “It just makes sense, Cass,” she says. 
“I can gather information from the camp that I can’t from here,” Aysa explains. She looks exhausted, like she hasn’t slept in weeks—I can’t imagine her extending her cast-range over any amount of distance right now, even just the short distance between the battle camp and New Fauske. “I can help guard the camp, too, and make sure it’s not infiltrated by any of Evana’s people.” 
“And I can scout out the city to see what changes Evana’s made to everything,” Keira adds. 
“But—” I catch myself, narrowing my eyes. “How did you know what Aysa said?” I ask Keira. 
She blinks. “I didn’t. You just got a look on your face like she’d said something, and I was just…you know, adding on to it.” 
I shake my head. “Whatever. If you’re leaving for the battle camp, then I’m coming with you. I’m not staying here by myself with the Wardens.” 
“No, Cass,” Keira quickly protests. “You have to stay on Fenella’s war council. You’ve done such a great job so far—your idea to use the vamp recruits as runners for the healers was brilliant.” 
I shake my head. “The council’s got pretty much everything figured out at this point. And Caphian can look out for my brother and everyone who stays. I can go wherever I want.” 
Keira purses her lips, looking to Aysa. “Well, you also happen to be Evana’s number-one target. If she learns you’re hanging out so close to New Fauske, she could send someone to assassinate you, and then we’d all be screwed.” 
“You already killed Evana’s assassin,” I point out, rubbing my temples. “And really, now that all the borders are unguarded, she could send someone after me in Boston if she really wanted to. But she doesn’t want to—she wants a big showdown between us out in the open, because she thinks she’ll win and it’ll prove to everyone that she can’t be messed with.” She most likely will win and prove to everyone that she can’t be messed with, I think, but I don’t say so. “Besides, I’ve got all these people who’re about to put their lives on the line for me. I’ve got to be willing to do the same, right? I think it would send a really good message if I went with you.” 
Keira taps her foot; I can tell from her eyes that she agrees with me, and Aysa does, too—they just don’t like it. “You’re gonna need vamps watching your back at all times. Two of them, at least.” 
“Deal.” 
“And Aysa will need to pay extra close attention to the thoughts of everyone around you.” Aysa nods her agreement. 
“It’s settled, then.” I clasp my hands together and push myself off my bed, turning back around to confront the dog lounging on its sheets. “Come on, Rhody—it’s time for us to go home.”


 
18 December: Norah 
When Cass and her retinue leave Boston, Fenella Shirey reluctantly granting them permission, they take Jordi with them, leaving me without either of my two closest friends here. At our first council meeting without them, I make sure to arrive early enough to get a seat beside Basil and Freya, needing at least a couple of familiar faces around me. 
The meeting begins with Freya reading out Roery’s latest report on the avians’ battle preparations, with everything devolving into chaos the moment she finishes. Sayra, who’d stayed behind even after the rest of her dusties left for the battle camp, slams a fist down on the conference table. “This is ridiculous,” she says. “We’ll be leading our people to their graves if we bring them into the city with a pack of armed avians over their heads. Dusties aren’t used to fighting a flying enemy.” 
“We know what their plan is, though,” Freya says. “We know they want to lure us into New Fauske with their sheins. And now that we know, we aren’t going to fall for it. They aren’t counting on that.” 
“What are we going to do, then?” Fenella asks. “We know about their Old Magic trick, sure; but how are we supposed to fight if we can’t enter New Fauske without being shot down? Evana’s forces have made it clear they aren’t going to go anywhere—we have to bring the fight to them.” 
“There’s no point in fighting if we can’t deal with the avians first,” Sayra says. 
“I can have our Sentries swoop down on them,” Caphian suggests. “We can shift in flight and try to drag them out of the sky.” 
Fenella shakes her head. “You know you’ll never win a battle with an avian in midair. That’s their home, not yours—they control the wind, and they’re more accustomed to aerial combat than any shifter. The Sentries weren’t able to defeat the avian clans even before they were all given Sentry bows.” 
And then the answer pops into my head. I stand up, turning all heads towards me. Beside me, Baz mumbles his surprise; I almost never speak during these meetings. 
“What if they thought the Sentries were swooping down on them, though?” I ask. 
“What?” Fenella says. 
“You’re only here as a formality, llyre,” Sayra says to me, narrowing her eyes. “You’re eighteen, and you’re brand-new to the Novan world. What experience do you have with battle strategy?” 
“Well, none,” I admit. “But I have plenty of experience with outsmarting people. I outsmarted Aures Chaise, at least.” 
“Let her speak,” Caphian says. “No one else seems to be coming up with any solutions. Hearing hers can’t hurt.” 
I take a breath, calming myself with some quick taps of my foot. One, two, three, four. “How many Sentries do we have?” I ask. “Five thousand?” 
“About that,” Fenella replies. “Less than half of what Evana will have.” 
“We’ll need five thousand birds, then,” I say. “All different kinds—a bunch of crows, hawks, eagles; whatever we can get.” 
Fenella gives me a look like she knows where this is going. “You think we could pull that off?” 
“Possibly,” Caphian says, leaning forward and nodding to me. “There’s only one way to find out.” 
❄❄❄ 
Caphian gives me twenty Sentries to work with, each of them lugging a large crate containing five restless crows. He finds me a Sylvan, too, after a bit of asking around: an older man from Ymetrine named Brennen who’d accompanied Iraine to Boston. 
I’m able to convince Freya to come with me and help out—the two of us lead a procession of cars into a park somewhere in western Massachusetts, scouting out a nice little clearing deep in the woods where it’s unlikely any Senex will be hiking. We haul large bags of corn, granola and sunflower seeds into the center of the clearing, the Sentries and Brennen following behind. 
“All right,” I call, dropping my bag and trying my best to keep my teeth from chattering in the cold December air. “So, this clearing is going to represent New Fauske. The avians will be up over our heads, a hundred feet off the ground. These birds will need to be flying above that height.” 
“These trees aren’t tall enough,” one of the Sentries says. “They won’t be flying nearly that high.” 
“We’re going to make them taller,” I reply. “Or he is, at least.” I gesture to Brennen. “You need to create a thick leaf cover, too, to hide what we’re doing. The avians have great eyesight, and if they see even one Sentry luring birds into trees, this plan will all be for nothing. We can’t turn all the Sentries invisible, so they’ll have to hide the old-fashioned way.” 
“Got it,” Brennen says. He spreads his arms, and the bare trees ringing the clearing shoot up in height and return to life with thick leaves and budding flowers until we’re surrounded by an impenetrable mass of green. 
“Looks perfect,” I tell him, wishing that Brennen could bring back the spring weather, too. “Now we just have to get the crows into the trees.” Freya and I rip open our bags and begin passing out the crow food to the Sentries, who shift into animals to spread it among the higher branches of the now-giant trees before prying open the crates to lure out the birds. It works pretty well: one or two of the crows fly off as soon as the crate doors are opened, but the rest stick around for the food, hopping around the trees and climbing higher and higher up the branches. 
“Now we scare them out, right?” one of the Sentries asks once the birds are in place. 
I nod. “You have to do it all at once, though,” I say. “And you can’t make too much noise.” 
“We’ve got that part covered,” he assures me; the rest of the Sentries nod their agreement. I realize they must be communicating with each other through their mind-link. 
“Can you hurry up and get it over with, please?” Freya begs, burrowing deeper into her winter coat. “It’s freezing out here.” 
The Sentries spread out among the trees, waiting for some silent signal. After about thirty seconds of stillness and Freya’s grumblings, they take on the forms of various predators—big cats, bears, apes—and shoot up the trees, headed straight for the birds. With a chorus of loud cries, the birds take off, flying out from all directions to coalesce in the airspace above the clearing, a giant screeching mass of them. 
As the spooked birds begin slowly to disperse, the Sentries return to the ground with grins on their faces. “You think that will work?” I ask Freya. 
She nods, breathing fire into her hands and giving me a little smile. “Sayra owes you an apology,” she says. “I’m pretty sure you just saved all our asses.” 


 
18 December: Westrey 
“Do you have any idea how we’re supposed to do this?” Baz wonders, following me to the front of the training room. The two of us have been appointed by Fenella to run a special training session on how to fight side by side with different Novan orders, something the two of us supposedly have a lot of experience with. That’s not really the case, but I guess we’ve spent more time interacting with Nixa-worshippers than nearly every other Warden here, so we should have something worthwhile to share. Unfortunately, I’m not exactly sure what that is. 
“No clue,” I tell Baz as I nervously size up our first group of students, categorizing them quickly based on their appearances: thirty Wardens, twenty Nixans, eighteen Sentries. The training room we’re in is padded and lined with posters describing how to kill Nixa-worshippers—just like the room I grew up training in, the room I once brought Keira into. But given our current situation, I feel that the graphic posters on shifter killing are not going to create a positive atmosphere. I already see several of the Sentries eyeing the posters uncomfortably. 
Basil catches my eye. “Take those down?” he asks. 
“Exactly what I was thinking.” And the two of us get to work ripping the posters off the walls, a few Sentries eagerly stepping in to help. 
Once the Sentry-killing posters are balled up in a trash heap in the back of the room, we return to the front and wait until we have everyone’s attention. All of our trainees are young, no more than twenty years old—I’m sure Fenella gave us Novans our own age to work with on purpose. I’m not really used to telling people twice my age what to do; it’s hard enough to argue with them during council meetings. 
“All right,” I say. “So, we’ve never really done this before, but we’re going to try our best. All of you know why we’re here, I’m assuming?” 
“To learn how to work with the people we’ve been training to kill all our lives to kill other people we’ve been training to kill all our lives,” a Warden girl named Aneira says. 
“Basically,” Baz admits. 
I clear my throat. “So today, we’re going to learn a bit more about each other. I want each Warden to pair up with a Nixa-worshipper. The numbers should be about even—if not, make a group of three.” 
“What are we going to do?” someone wonders. “Trade ghost stories?” 
“Nah,” Baz says. “This is supposed to be about battle training. Wes might be talking like a kindergarten teacher right now, but he’s going to have you kicking each other’s teeth out in no time.” 
I shoot Baz a look. “You’re going to be working together to fight another pair,” I say. “No powers, and no weapons; hand-to-hand combat only. So talk with each other and figure out what you’re going to do.” 
We give our trainees a minute to pair up and talk, watching as they tentatively feel each other out. “I do not talk like a kindergarten teacher,” I say quietly to Baz. 
“That wasn’t meant as an insult,” Baz insists. “Kindergarten teachers are the best.” 
I roll my eyes. “I’m having a bit of déjà vu here,” I tell him. “The last time I did hand-to-hand combat training, it was against Keira.” 
“Yeah,” Baz says, smirking. “I remember that. She kicked your ass pretty bad.” 
“Only because she had her ice-glass pendant,” I point out. “It wasn’t a fair fight.” 
“I bet Keira could kick your ass even without a pendant,” Baz says. Probably true, I think. 
Baz turns his attention back to the trainees. “You two,” he calls, pointing to a Warden-Nixan pair in the back. They’re both boys, and both look about sixteen. “What are your names?” 
“I’m Aiden,” says the Warden; “and he’s Ezra.” 
“Perfect.” Baz snaps his fingers and points to the ground in front of him. “You two are gonna come up here and fight me and Wes.” 
The two boys share an uncertain glance. “Okay, I guess,” Ezra says. 
“You sure you can fight with your leg?” I mutter to Baz while our two opponents push their way up to the front. 
“Positive,” he says, tapping his fake foot against the floor. “I’ve been practicing. I’m going to be fighting in the Evana battle, so I’m hoping I can handle a little practice skirmish.” 
“Fair enough.” I meet Ezra’s eyes as he comes to stand across from me—his expression is hard and determined, a Nixan ready to take on his lifelong enemy. “Count us down, Aneira.” 
“Three, two, one, start!” Aneira calls. Aiden goes for Baz while Ezra lunges for me; I duck out of his reach and grab him from behind, flipping him over onto his back. Aiden hears him fall, and evades Baz to slam into my side, knocking me down and off of his teammate. Baz comes over to help me with Aiden, dodging his swipes deftly, but Ezra springs up and wraps his arms around his neck in a chokehold grip. Aiden pins me to the ground, holding me firmly as I struggle to push him away. 
“All right,” Baz chokes out, still at the mercy of Ezra. “You win.” 
Aiden climbs off of me and goes to give his Ezra a high five. The audience claps and whistles at our quick defeat. 
“That was great,” I say, standing and wiping sweat from my brow. “Now it’s your turn. Each team needs to pair up with another and fight it out.” 
“We were supposed to be going easy on them, right?” Basil mutters to me as Aiden and Ezra return to their places. I snort. 
Our trainees jump eagerly into the task we’d assigned them, taunting friends and embracing former enemies. “Considering the fact that we’re completely winging this, I’d say we’re doing a pretty good job so far,” Baz observes. 
“I’d say so too, Baz.” As I look out into the crowd of mingling teenagers, people from all different orders and countries, I wonder if this is how the whole Novan world could one day look. After two thousand years of fighting and forced separation, is there any way we could all come together and coexist? A few short weeks ago, I would have laughed at the idea. But now, it sort of feels like that future could be only a battle away. 


 
18 December: Keira 
“You’ve probably got the best tent here, Cass,” I say as I zip it shut behind me. “The one they gave me is half this size—and I didn’t get an air mattress, either.” 
“Well, you can always stay in here with me,” Cass offers, shifting on the mattress to free up its left side. Rhody paces in circles around it, sniffing curiously. “And it’s not like I asked for a huge tent; the dusties just gave it to me.” 
“I know.” I settle myself onto the mattress beside her and draw its blankets tightly around me. Even outside of the always-frigid New Fauske, winter nights in Idaho are no fun for non-Nixans. 
“Did you see Aysa while you were out there?” Cass wonders. Rhody climbs over her to get to me and gives me a gross lick on the cheek. 
“Nope,” I say, shoving Rhody away. “Why—do you want to share a tent with her instead?” 
Cass rolls her eyes. “You’re one to talk. At least I’m not in love with a Warden.” 
“Wes and I are not in love,” I protest, shoving her now. “We’re just…I don’t know, talking, I guess.” 
“Talking,” Cass repeats, raising her eyebrows at me. “You know, it’s actually kind of fun to see you get all moony over a guy. A few months ago it probably would’ve killed me, but now I kind of like it.” She nudges me with her foot. “It gives me something new to tease you about.” 
“Great Nixa, please spare me,” I mutter. Cass grins. “Getting all moony over a guy is no fun, believe me. Guys are stupid, especially Wardens.” 
“It’s funny that the first one you fell for is a Warden,” Cass murmurs. “You just had to make things difficult for yourself, didn’t you?” 
I turn away from her, glancing up at the roof of the tent with my fingers laced together over my chest. “Wes wasn’t the first one, actually,” I say. Cass perks up immediately; I’d never told her about Delphi before, but for some reason I feel compelled to tell her now. “There was another guy, someone I met at the Sentry trials. His name was Delphi.” 
“Was?” Cass asks quietly. 
I nod. “He was killed during the final trial. It was right after he kissed me, actually. I was hoping the two of us could go back to New Fauske together after the trials—you would’ve liked him, I think.” I glance at her from the sides of my eyes. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about him earlier. I just—him dying really messed me up for a while, as I know you noticed, and I kind of felt like if I didn’t talk about it, it would all be less real or something. I thought the pain would just go away on its own, but it never totally did. I still think about him sometimes. Being with Wes helps me not to, though.” 
Cass is silent for a long minute, her expression hard to read. “I’m glad Wes helps you forget,” she says eventually. “I guess he had to be good for something.” 
I turn to face her. “You’re not mad I didn’t tell you?” 
“Not really,” Cass murmurs. “I get why you wouldn’t want to talk about it. I’m glad you told me now, though.” She takes my hand under the blankets. 
“You’ve changed, Cass,” I say. “In a good way. I used to be the only person in the world you had.” I trace my finger across the back of her hand. “Now you’ve learned to live without me, to make your own world.” 
“Oh, I still couldn’t live without you, Keira,” Cass replies, smiling a little. “No way.” 
My heart squeezes. “Same to you,” I say, pressing my lips to her cheek. 
❄❄❄ 
Once Cass is asleep, Rhody curled up in a ball on her chest, I extricate myself carefully from underneath the blankets, slip on some shoes, and tiptoe out of the tent, zipping it up behind me as silently as I can. The two vamp women appointed to guard Cass give me curious looks as I walk out into the camp, having assumed I’d be spending the night with Cass, but I ignore them. 
Our battle camp was mostly built by the Sylvans from Ymetrine: it’s an enormous dome comprised of trees bending inward, their ultra-thick foliage keeping the rain, wind and snow at bay. The camp is a couple miles outside New Fauske, still within the chunk of Nal Ferris protected from Sen eyes by the Nixan priests’ Old Magic. Hardly any sunlight can make it through the camp tree-roof even during the middle of the day, which is great for the many Shades that are living here. Being a mostly nocturnal order, a lot of the Shades are out and about right now, weaving in and out of the camp’s many tents. Sylvans, dusties, and off-duty vamps, the camp’s other inhabitants, sleep either inside tents or curled up within one of the vine hammocks strewn among the trees. The camp, despite holding thousands of Novans, is still mostly empty space; the majority of the combatants won’t be arriving for another few days. 
I slouch underneath the boughs of a broad-leafed tree near the center of the camp where we’d all agreed to meet. It isn’t long before Jordi and Aysa come up to join me, and finally Iraine, who holds a rolled-up sheet of parchment in one hand and leads the dustie boy Quincey forward with the other. 
Aysa’s eyes narrow as she takes in Quincey. “I must’ve missed the part in your thoughts about the dustie being a little kid,” she tells me and Iraine. 
“This is Quincey,” Iraine says, nudging him forward. “He’s only twelve, but I promise he knows what he’s doing. He’s the one who created the tunnel that helped me and Wes escape New Fauske.” 
“He’s also the only dustie that Iraine and I actually know,” I add. “But he’ll be fine—he’ll stay in the tunnels the whole time. No danger at all.” 
Jordi and Quincey both look incredibly confused to hear me and Iraine addressing Aysa; although we’ve told the two of them our plan, Aysa didn’t add them to her thought-block. She didn’t have the energy left for it, and besides, her thought-block will be done for by the end of the night regardless of how things work out for us. 
Iraine hands me the parchment she holds, and I fumble eagerly to unroll it. “I nicked the map from one of Sayra’s top guys. All the tunnels have been constructed already except for the ones highlighted in red.” 
Unable to read the map in the low light without Shade vision, I use the flashlight I’d brought to scan over the sketch of the dusties’ tunnel system beneath New Fauske. The tunnels all start and end about five feet beneath the earth, which is why we need Quincey’s help to access them. It takes me a few minutes to sync up the tunnels on the map with my knowledge of the various buildings of New Fauske, figuring out which tunnels we need to use for what. “All right,” I say finally, bending down to show Quincey. “This tunnel will lead right up to the shack Jordi said he’d meet Roery in; it has no flooring, so if you extend the tunnel a few feet further on, you should be able to pop up inside without attracting any attention.” Quincey and Jordi nod their understanding. We’d decided to ask for Jordi’s help on this because we know he’s close to Roery, and we thought he’d be the best person to tell our resident avian plant what we need him to do. Jordi had wanted to talk to Roery in person, though, which is probably a good idea—texts and calls can always be intercepted, and it’s crucial that no one on Team Evana knows what we’re trying to do. I also think that Jordi was looking for an excuse to see Roery again, and we just so happened to have a good one for him. 
“Iraine and I will take this tunnel to the Katyran stables,” I say, placing a finger on it. “The stables do have a floor, unfortunately, so we’ll have to get in the normal way with some Old Magic invisibility help. And this is the tunnel Aysa will take.” I point out a different one heading in the opposite direction. “Got it, Quincey?” 
“I got it,” Quincey promises, taking the map from me. 
“Me and Iraine need to go first, then Aysa, then Jordi. We’ll text you when we’re ready for you to come back and get us. If anything changes, Aysa will tell you—just listen for a creepy little voice in your head.” Aysa shoots me a look. 
“I got it,” Quincey repeats. “Iraine already told me; I’m ready for this.” 
Jordi rubs his hands together, exhaling an anxious puff of air. “All right, then. Let’s get going before I get too nervous.” 
“Anyone paying attention to us, Aysa?” I ask. She shakes her head. “Then it’s time, Quincey.” 
Quincey crouches over the ground and places his hands against the grass. With a soft rumbling noise, the earth falls away in front of him, leaving a deep dark hole into nothingness—the entrance to the tunnels. A couple of vamp guards turn curiously in our direction, but fortunately neither feels compelled to question us. 
Quincey disappears into the tunnel, and the rest of us slide down after him, clicking on our flashlights. With the tunnel map in hand, Quincey guides us through the dark maze, leading us towards New Fauske; as a dustie, he can sense our location to some degree, giving us an idea of where we are in relation to the world above us. It’s a long hour of walking through cold, dark and damp before Quincey announces that we’ve reached the point where we need to split up. 
“Good luck,” Aysa tells me and Iraine. Her mind-voice sounds nervous, which doesn’t surprise me; if Aysa screws up her part of this, it won’t even matter what the rest of us are able to do. 
“Hey,” I say, touching her arm. “You’ve got this. You can be very persuasive when you need to be.” 
I see Aysa’s small flash of a smile in the glow of my light. “Hopefully you’re right. At least I can get rid of my thought-block tonight.” 
I turn to Iraine, raising my eyebrows at her. “You ready?” 
“Ready as I can be, I guess,” she says. “Believe it or not, I don’t have much experience when it comes to kidnapping magic horses.” 
“At least we’re doing it at night,” I point out. “When your Shade powers are best. Plus, we’ve got Old Magic, right?” 
“Right,” Iraine says, swallowing. “Maybe we’ll be okay.” 
I’m pretty nervous about this myself, which makes it not so easy to comfort all the nervous people around me, but I seem to be doing a somewhat decent job of it. Nice work, Keira. 
With one last nod goodbye to Jordi and Aysa, Iraine and I follow Quincey into one of the tunnels branching off from the main one. Quincey leads us forward for another quarter mile before the tunnel comes to an end; raising his arms, he parts the dirt above our heads to create a tunnel upwards to the earth’s surface, moonlight trickling down through the thin layer of snow overhead. 
“Good job, Quincey,” I whisper, careful to keep quiet in case there’s someone out patrolling above us. “Remember to close up the tunnel behind us to make sure no one finds it.” Quincey nods. 
Iraine grabs my hand, closing her eyes in concentration. The two of us fade from view until even the yellow beam of my flashlight is gone, leaving us in near-total darkness. Remembering what Iraine had taught me earlier about seeing through sheins, I focus on the feel of the light in my hand and Iraine’s fingers wrapped around mine until both return to visibility, my own body along with them. Iraine appears slightly transparent and my flashlight beam seems only half as bright, but it’s plenty for me to go by. 
“You good?” Iraine asks. Her voice sounds weirdly muffled thanks to the auditory shein I’d insisted on. I nod. 
“Let me onto your shoulders, then.” I bend down to let Iraine climb on top of me and pull myself back onto my feet, allowing her to claw her way out of the tunnel and break through the snow cover above. She reaches down to help me out once she’s made it through, and together we emerge into the city of New Fauske, just beside one of the cobblestone paths that crisscross the city. 
“Where to now?” Iraine asks quietly. “I forgot where the stables are.” 
“Well, fortunately for you, I lived in this city for ten years.” I push in front of her, leading the way forward with my flashlight. “This way.” 
As we walk, the footprints we leave in the snow vanish behind us, creating what appears to be an undisturbed layer of white. The place where we crawled out of the tunnel looks undisturbed, too—even without Quincey sealing it back up, it’s unlikely any of Evana’s people would discover the entrance unless they fell straight through it. 
“Your Old Magic’s pretty good,” I tell Iraine. “I’m impressed.” 
“Shh,” she says back. “I told you, my sound sheins aren’t great. Someone’s still going to hear if you’re loud.” She points upwards to the winged shadows sailing intermittently over our heads. I feel a rock settling in my stomach at the sight of them—since when did New Fauske become avian turf? 
“There they are,” I announce in a notably hushed tone a minute later, drawing circles around the Katyran stables up ahead with my flashlight beam. There’s a Sentry guard standing in front of the stables’ padlocked door, something I’ve never seen before; this city has really upped its security since Evana took charge. “You can deal with the guard, right?” 
“Hopefully.” Iraine takes the lead and brings us a little closer to the stables before stopping and throwing out an arm. The weak light around us seems to dim for half a second; then the Sentry guard faceplants suddenly into the snow, out cold. 
“Nice,” I say. “I’m really hoping the avian vultures up there didn’t see that.” 
“I covered up my Shade magic with a quick shein,” she explains. I find myself once again impressed—Iraine is much better at thinking through this kind of thing than I am. 
The two of us creep up to the now-unguarded stable door; I feel around for a key in the little alcove above it where I know one is usually kept, but I can’t find it. “Damn it,” I say through my teeth. I get down on my knees and dig through the unconscious guard’s pockets until I find one there, flicking dirty clumps of snow off my pants before unlocking the door and shouldering it open. 
Iraine closes the door behind us and wipes away our shein. Waving my flashlight around, I find the city’s two Katyran horses with their heads poking out of their stalls and the little hay-covered platform beneath the stables’ back window—this place brings back memories, to say the least. 
“Which horse are we taking?” Iraine asks. She looks jittery, like she can’t wait to get out of here; the stables are bringing back memories for her, too. 
I bite my lip, my eyes flitting between the two horses. “Well, Virgo and Taurus are both stallions, so they’re equally difficult to put up with. I’d go with Virgo, though—the few times I’ve come in here with Cass, he’s always been the quieter one.” I point him out in the stall to our left. “Hopefully he’ll be able to handle the walk back through the tunnels without freaking out.” 
“All right.” Iraine grabs a length of rope from beside the back window and ties it around Virgo’s neck, opening his stall door and leading him out into the open. He follows her obediently and shakes his mane at Taurus like he’s taunting him. I decide that I kind of like this horse. 
I pull out my phone. Ready when you are, Quincey. There’s no response, which isn’t surprising; he’s probably still dealing with Aysa and Jordi. 
I lean back against the wall, letting out a deep breath. “Now we just have to wait for our dustie.” 
❄❄❄ 
We end up waiting for our dustie for a long, long time—fifty-three minutes to be exact. I never get a text back from Quincey or anyone else, and I don’t hear anything from Aysa about a change of plans. “I think something’s happened to them,” I say eventually. 
“Oh, Goddess, no,” Iraine murmurs, tapping her fingers nervously against Virgo’s neck. “Don’t say that.” 
My heart pounds; all of this was my idea, which means that anything that hypothetically could’ve happened would be at least somewhat my fault. “We’re going to have to get out of here on our own, then figure out what’s going on. That guy you knocked out is probably gonna be waking up soon—we can’t just stay in here all night.” I rub my temples. “I really wish we hadn’t asked Quincey to close up the tunnel behind us.” 
“We could try to dig our way into the tunnels ourselves,” Iraine suggests. “We know where they are now.” 
“Digging through five feet of solid freezing ground would take forever,” I say. “We’d have to make an opening big enough for an entire horse to fit through.” 
“Then what are we supposed to do?” 
“Sneak out of New Fauske the normal way,” I reply. “You can put a shein over us again, right? And the horse?” 
“Sure,” she says; “but Katyrans are like amplifiers for Old Magic energy. The shein will be super noticeable to anyone who knows how to look for it.” 
“Well, we’ll just have to take our chances.” I check my phone one last time; still no response from Quincey or Jordi to any of my frantic where the hell are you messages. “If they haven’t answered by now, they’re probably not gonna answer at all.” 
“You’re right,” Iraine sighs. She glances at Virgo uncertainly. “I’ve never actually ridden a horse before.” 
“I’ll ride in front,” I say. “You sit behind me and focus on the shein stuff.” 
I flick off my flashlight, saddle Virgo up and climb onto his back, making him whinny a little in surprise—Katyran horses aren’t used to being ridden, though I know these two have been trained to take riders. I help a reluctant Iraine up behind me, trying my best not to wince when she wraps her arms around my waist as suffocatingly tight as a scared girl on the back of her boyfriend’s motorcycle. I grab Virgo’s reins—it’s been a while since I’ve done this, but I learned how back when Cass was being taught to ride. Iraine takes a breath, and the mass of Virgo’s head in front of me disappears temporarily until I manage to blink through the fog of the shein. 
“All right, horsey boy, let’s do this.” I sit forward and dig my heels into Virgo’s sides, urging him into a walk. I have to lean far over his side to wrench open the stable door; I suddenly find myself grateful for Iraine’s tight grip stabilizing me. A cold burst of wind blows back our hair as we step outside, slow and quiet. 
“I don’t like this,” Iraine breathes. The door creaks shut behind us. “We don’t have any weapons, and there are avians and Sentries and Nixans all over the place.” 
“I don’t like this either,” I tell her truthfully, glancing up at the birds and bird-people over our heads. “Just make sure the shein stays up, no matter what.” 
“I’ll do my best.” 
Swallowing back my nerves, I guide Virgo in the direction of the city walls, keeping him in the snow just to the side of the cobblestone road in case some of the rocks have iced over. I look back every so often to make sure Iraine’s able to hide the hoofprints behind us, covering up every hint of our presence. 
“Good boy,” I tell the horse as we draw closer and closer to the gates and watchtowers. “You’re being nice and chill and quiet, Virgo.” I’ll make sure the Sylvans grow some carrots for him when we make it back to the camp. 
“Keira.” Iraine gives my internal organs a sudden squeeze. I glance around to figure out what she’s worried about and find a Nixan man standing in the snowy yard of one of New Fauske’s homes a little ways down the road, staring in our direction. Even with just the light from the moon and stars to go by, I can tell he’s wearing white—a priest. The kind of Nixan who can see through our shein, especially when its Old Magic aura is being amplified by the magical horse we’re riding. 
Shit. Squeezing Virgo’s sides, I press him to speed up, all the way from a slow walk to a gallop. The priest vanishes from the yard, causing Iraine to curse into my ear; he reappears ten seconds later directly ahead of us, startling me enough that I yank back on the reins and bring us to a loud, skidding stop, with Virgo nearly bucking me and Iraine off his back. 
Shit shit shit shit shit. I go still as the priest approaches us, my mind choosing this moment to stop working entirely. “Keira,” Iraine hisses behind me, but I have no idea what she wants me to do. 
The man stops about two feet away from us and makes a noise deep in his throat. “Old Magic,” he murmurs. He reaches out, groping around like a blind man until his fingers brush against Virgo’s nose. My heart stops. 
The priest waves a hand, and suddenly the haze of our shein is gone, leaving us out in the open for all to see. “Invaders!” the priest cries. “Invaders stealing a Katyran!” 
I push Virgo into a run, knocking the priest into the snow and not giving a single rat’s ass about it. “Faster, faster, faster,” I breathe, leaning in over his mane like a jockey with Iraine breathing down my neck. Glancing up, I find a dozen avians diving down in pursuit of us, barking orders to their compatriots. Virgo is fast, but they’re faster; soon the three avians at the front of the pack are twenty feet above us with arrows nocked in their Sentry bows, pulling them back and preparing to blow us up and end our lives…. 
Iraine throws out a hand, and the three avians cry out in midair and careen backwards, colliding with the bird-people behind them and sending their arrows flying every which way. One arrow lands only a few feet behind us, and the ground explodes with a boom! that makes Virgo go crazy, somehow running even faster. 
“What did you do?” I gasp as the mass of avians works to regroup and get back to trying to kill us. 
“I blinded them,” she says. “But only for a moment. It’s a Shade thing.” 
“Right,” I say; “can you do that again?” 
“I don’t know,” she breathes. “I’ve only done it a couple times before. But I’ll try.” She raises her arm, straining—a few more avians fall back, grabbing at their eyes, but this time the others are able to dodge them and continue flying after us, arrows once again at the ready. We’re going to die. 
But before the avians can fire, a gunshot rings out from somewhere off to the side of us and one of the avians drops to the ground with a screech, her wing ripped open by the bullet. The others quickly turn towards the source; standing alone in the dark with a gun raised over her head is Aysa, glaring up at the avians as half of them careen away from us to dive down in her direction. Great Nixa, what the hell is going on? 
The rest of the avians stay close behind us, but none of them are attempting to fire their arrows anymore. I spin around and immediately realize why, my heart sinking into my stomach: we’re almost at the walls. Sentries and avians in watchtowers point their bows at us, too; they’re going to trap us, and there will be nothing we can do about it. If they’re careful, they might even be able to get Virgo back to the stables unscathed. 
“I’m sorry, Cass,” I say under my breath, my voice catching with fear and cold and anger. “I’m so sorry.” 
And then Iraine lets out a yell and raises her arms again, and giant tree roots erupt out of the ground ahead of us, forming a ramp up and over the city walls. Without missing a beat, Virgo runs up the roots and scales the wall, landing hard on the ground on the other side before our pursuers can even process what happened. 
“She’s a Sylvan!” one of them cries, shocked. 
Yes. “You have to use your Sylvan powers,” I breathe to Iraine. “No one here has any idea how to fight a Sylvan; they’ve never had to do it before.” 
I guide Virgo through the woods beyond New Fauske, the trees sparse and thin and snowy—but as we run, the startled avians behind us once again catching up, Iraine opens her palms and sends trees sprouting from the earth, quickly growing full and tall while the old trees grow and bloom to meet them. Soon the sky over our heads has vanished under a thick layer of leaves, too thick for the avians and their fourteen-foot wingspans to broach. 
“Nice job,” I say, my breath coming in short gasps. “That’ll keep them off our asses, at least until they send in the Sentries.” 
Iraine shakes her head behind me. Even in the darkness of the woods I can see that she’s close to passing out, hardly able to hold up her arms as more and more plant life springs up to protect our path. “I can’t do this for much longer,” she chokes out. “We need to find help—now.” 


 
18 December: Aysa 
My chosen tunnel leads me a little ways into the city, and I emerge aboveground in the shadow of an overhang atop an empty shop of some sort, invisible to the eye thanks to the ice-glass ring around my finger. After quickly checking to make sure there’s no one inside the shop and casting out for the thoughts of any nearby guards, I lower myself onto a snow-covered bench and gaze out into the dark, still night, alone in a city full of enemies. 
Calm down, I tell myself; my heart is beating so fiercely I swear even I can hear it, and my hand clenches the little gun Keira insisted I bring so tightly that I worry I’ll break it. You’re going to be okay. 
Taking a breath, I close my eyes and slowly loosen my grip on the thought-block I’ve been maintaining ever since I followed Cass and Keira to Rome. I release it like water bursting through a dam, feeling the tension leave my shoulders and all the muscles in my body relax as I do so. And then the crushing weight that’s been hanging over my head for weeks is gone, leaving my thoughts and the thoughts of Cass and Keira and Roery and Espen and Iraine free to be heard by anyone able to listen. 
Opening my eyes, I extend my cast-range further into the city, my mind suddenly light and free without the thought-block constricting it. Laena’s mind is easy enough to find: she’s the only other jnani around, and I can sense the thought-block she’s keeping for herself, Evana and Fyrie. I can’t get into her thoughts, of course, but I can send her one of my own: “Meet me here, Laena. I want to talk.” 
And then I pull out of her head and retract my cast-range, waiting with my fists clenched and my mind racing. Now it’s up to her—she knows exactly where I am and has full access to my thoughts, which means that she could easily send an army of avians after me if she wanted to. I keep my cast-range wide enough to know if that is the case so I can hide and tell Quincey to get me out of here, but I’ve already taken the biggest risk by opening up my thought-block. If Laena tells Evana what is in my thoughts, Keira’s plan will be completely ruined and we’ll all have come here for nothing. Everything depends on what happens now. 
I wait and wait and wait, wishing more than anything that I could get into Laena’s head. But I pick up no signs of alarm from the rest of the city, which either means that Evana and Fyrie are on a secret solo mission to take me out right now or, more plausibly, that Laena hasn’t told anyone about my message to her. 
Finally, nearly half an hour later, a girl I hadn’t been able to sense emerges from around the corner of the building ahead of me, silhouetted against the moonlight. Laena. I stand to greet her; despite my invisibility, Laena knows exactly where I am, nodding directly at me. Old Magic illusions can’t fool a jnani. 
Laena hasn’t removed her thought-block, which means that she can’t speak in my head the way I can speak in hers; but like most jnani, she knows the sign language used by the dheira to communicate outside of our minds. I’ve read your thoughts, she tells me—it’s only just bright enough for me to make out the movements of her hands. 
I nod. “Thank you for coming.” 
I can’t do what you’re asking, though, Laena says, as much as I want to. I swore a vrata to warn Evana if anyone tries to harm her. If I hadn’t, I’d have been killed by her avians a long time ago. 
“I figured you’d sworn a vrata,” I say. “It’s the only reason you would be supporting someone like Evana.” 
I don’t support Evana, Laena corrects me. If I supported her, I would have told her about the tunnels the dusties are creating underneath New Fauske, or the avian boy you’ve planted in the city. I haven’t told Evana any more than what I swore I would. But I can’t lie to her, or let you hurt her. You know what a vrata means. I do, of course—it’s the solemnest of vows a jnani can make, one that can never be broken no matter the circumstances. Even if Laena swore her vrata at gunpoint, the jnani would still expect her to abide by it. If not, she’d never be permitted to speak to one of us again; the guilt of the broken vrata would be seared into her mind for the rest of her life. I’d always been told that it’s better to die than to break a vrata. 
And you still are asking me to do this. How? 
I swallow, biting my lip. “For the good of our people, Laena. For the good of everyone. You know Evana’s mind—I’ve never been inside of it, but I can’t imagine she’s planning good things for the rest of the Novans after she deals with Cass.” 
Laena is quiet for a moment, her hands tugging at the hem of her jacket before she raises them to speak again. When the Sentries of this province came to India to collect their next jnani slave, I offered myself up willingly. I wanted to sacrifice myself for our people so that no one else would have to feel the pain that I’d take on. But after a few years as a captive, I realized that no jnani truly appreciated what I’d done—no one reached out to me, not even the far-casters. I don’t think I could bear to sacrifice myself again, and be shunned by the people who I did all of this for in the first place. She shakes her head; though her thought-block keeps me from feeling her emotions, I can sense her anguish in the way she signs, enough to make my heart clench. The ice-glass has gone cold against my skin, returning me to visibility against my will. I’m sorry, Aysa, but I can’t help you. I won’t tell anyone you came here, or what you asked of me, but I can’t lie to Evana and break my vrata. I feel like you should understand. 
“I do,” I admit, a lump growing in my throat. “I’m sorry I asked that of you.” I feel stupid now, and a little bit guilty. “We’re just desperate—we’re trying everything.” 
I know, Laena says. And I wish you well. Goodbye, Aysa. A hand over her lips, Laena turns to leave, disappearing quickly into the night. 
I fall back against the bench, burying my head in my arms. I should’ve known that what I was asking of Laena was impossible—why did I feed Keira’s hopes? No jnani in their right mind has ever broken a vrata before, and no jnani should ever dare to ask another to. Sighing, I raise my head and increase my cast-range to feel for Quincey’s mind, wanting to check in on him and tell him I’m done talking to Laena. 
I feel it immediately, crying at the edge of my widened cast-range—an onslaught of fear and anger and surprise, all coming from close by. Inhaling sharply, I stand and creep around the side of the shop to investigate, crouching in the shadows and wishing I could get my ice-glass to heat up again. 
Above my head, a flock of avians tears across the sky in pursuit of their target: a pair of girls riding a horse at breakneck speed towards the city walls, their fear so strong I can almost smell it in the air. Keira and Iraine, running for their lives. 
Iraine blinds the first group of avians before they can shoot their arrows; it works, but I can feel the strength leaching out of her body as she exercises a power she’s hardly ever used before. She’s not going to be able to hold them off. 
Trembling, I do the only thing I can think of in the moment—grab the handgun stashed in the pocket of my jacket, click off the safety, and raise its barrel up to the avians. Jnani don’t use guns—jnani don’t kill or attack except in exceptional cases of self-defense—but I don’t know how else to save Keira and Iraine. 
I fire a shot into the mass of avians, feeling the gun reel from the power of its bullet. One of them plummets to the ground, and the pain of her injured wing strikes me down to the bone. The rest of the avians turn to face me, spotting me easily now that I’m out in the open. My ice-glass finally is warm against my skin, and I will it to turn me invisible, but my focus is too scattered and my mind too blank for it to work. Half the avian pack breaks off in pursuit of me, bearing down quickly and angrily while I stand frozen in place, unable to think or move or do anything. 
The avians descend upon me and grab at my arms, the gun slipping from my shaky grasp. A glowering man with dark wings slams the butt of a rifle against my skull, and I collapse into the snow, everything fading away until even the stars are gone. 


 
18 December: Roery 
Jordi grunts as he pulls himself out of the ground and gives Quincey a lift up behind him. “That was awful,” he mutters, brushing dirt off his sleeves. “So dark down there.” 
We’re in a little shack not too far away from New Fauske’s castle—I have no idea what used to be in here, but now it’s being used as one of the city’s many weapons stores, filled with extra guns, Sentry bows, and arrows. Quincey gives a start as he takes it all in, almost falling back into the hole he climbed out of before catching himself and quickly sealing it shut. 
Jordi shines his flashlight in my face, blinding me—though I can see quite well in the dark, I know there’s probably not enough light to go by for non-avians in this shack, the only source of it being the small windows which ring its walls and let in a trickle of moonlight. “Could you turn that away a bit?” I ask, squinting into the bright beam. 
“Sorry,” Jordi says quickly. “I’m just—I’m really glad to see you again, Roery. I’ve been so worried about you. I was….” He trails off, glancing down at his feet in an uncharacteristically self-conscious manner. 
“Was what?” I prompt, raising my eyebrows. My breath catches in my throat. 
After another few seconds of silence, Jordi shakes his head, mutters something unintelligible, and hands his flashlight to Quincey; then he stumbles his way into my arms, cradling my face and planting a soft, sweet kiss on my lips that I don’t hesitate to return. He pulls back a few centimeters and lets out a heavy breath. “I was really wanting to do that before one of us gets ourselves killed.” 
“Oh, God,” I whisper, grinning into his shoulder. “I was really wanting to do that, too.” Quincey gapes at us, startled, but I can’t find it in me to care. The last time I was this close to Jordi was when we got rained on in the Glass Forest’s pond, when I went from sketching him to almost kissing him before the thought of Fionn made me stop. Now, though, despite my memories of Fionn being as clear as ever—even clearer, maybe, now that I’ve reunited with his sister—my guilt over being with someone else is much diminished. Fionn would want me to be happy again, I think; and kissing Jordi had felt so, so good. 
Jordi rubs my shoulders and smiles at me, which feels just about as good as the kiss. He’s got a new bandana on, I realize, this one blue to match his dyed dreadlocks. “Are you doing okay here?” he asks me. “Are you safe?” 
“I’m fine,” I tell him. “You don’t need to worry about me.” 
“There’s no way I’m not going to worry.” He probes me with his eyes. “You’re sure no one suspects anything?” 
“Well, no one except for this one girl from my clan,” I admit. “She kind of found out on her own. But I know she won’t say anything to anyone; it does mean there’s one more avian mind Laena could go digging through to find out about me, though.” 
“Well, Laena won’t be a problem after tonight,” Jordi says. 
“What does that mean?” I tilt my head at him. “Is that what you wanted to talk to me about? I’m assuming you had a better reason for meeting me here than kissing me—not that I’m complaining or anything.” 
“I did have a better reason,” Jordi says, smirking. “Look, I know you were sent here to be a spy…but Keira, Cass’s shifter friend—she’s got another plan, one that Cass doesn’t know anything about. And she needs you to be a part of it.” 
“Wait,” I ask, “Keira’s turning on Cass?” The few times I’d seen them together, Keira had looked ready to murder anyone who rubbed her friend the wrong way. 
“No,” Jordi says quickly. “Cass just—she just can’t know about this. But if it works, it will take care of Evana and put Cass on the throne.” 
“Okay,” I say slowly. “What would I need to do for it?” 
“A couple of days from now, I’m going to meet you back here, and I’ll smuggle you a bottle of wine laced with draugr potion,” he explains. “You need to make sure it gets to Evana on the day of the battle.” 
“Keira’s plan is to poison Evana? I thought she was smarter than that.” 
“It will work, if everything else goes right,” Jordi insists. “Can you do it or not?” 
“The day of the battle?” I scratch at my head. “I’ll be fighting. I was told to start the battle with the rest of the avians and turn on them once the fight begins, throw them all off a bit. I won’t be hanging around delivering wine bottles while everyone else is off killing each other; Fyrie would never let me get away with that anyway.” 
“We have to come up with something else, then,” Jordi says, worrying his lip. 
I think of Chleo and her broken arm. “Actually, hold on a second. I might have an idea.” 
Jordi meets my eyes, curious; but before I can respond, Quincey leaps down from where he was peeking through one of the shack windows and runs over to us. “Someone’s coming,” he hisses. “Two avians. I think they heard us.” 
Shit. “Open the tunnel, Quincey,” I whisper. “You have to get out of here.” 
But it’s too late—there’s a sudden pounding against the door, and a gruff voice from outside says, “What’s going on in there?” 
“Fight me,” Jordi breathes. 
“What?” 
“Fight me.” Jordi lunges for me and tackles me to the ground as the avians burst through the door; grunting, I kick him in the stomach and wrap an arm around his neck to throw him off me, rolling us over until I’m crouched on top of him with my knees digging into his chest. One of the avian intruders pulls Quincey from the corner of the shack where he’d stood frozen; the other comes over to help me drag Jordi to his feet, cursing. 
“How did they get in here?” one of them asks me. 
“I—I’m not sure,” I say, stumbling over the words and wishing I had someone to tell me what the hell I’m supposed to do now. “I just found them.” 
“And you didn’t call for help?” 
“I didn’t have time.” 
“Come on,” his friend says; “let’s get them out of here.” 
I trail behind the avians as they drag Jordi and Quincey into the castle, my head spinning as I try to come up with some sort of plan. Aysa, if you can hear me, we really need your help. I’m not nearly clever enough to think of a way out of this on my own. 
As soon as he gets the chance, Jordi twists far enough around to meet my eyes and mouths a name: “Keira.” Swallowing, I nod my understanding. This whole thing was Keira’s idea, apparently; she better be able to help us out now. She might be the only one who can. 
I follow the avians up to the Sentry ward and into an office buried deep within it—Caphian’s old office, I’d assume, filled with files and weapons and maps of each sector of the Western Province plastered on the walls. An avian I recognize all too well waits for us behind the desk: Ronan, Fyrie’s second-in-command. 
The avians release their prisoners and shove them into the office for Ronan to examine. “These two were hiding out in a weapons shed,” one of them explains. “Spies, probably.” 
Ronan blinks. “Excellent,” he says. “They should have plenty to tell us, then.” My stomach drops; I fight to keep my expression neutral. “Throw them in the containment cell.” 
One of the avians shifts on his feet. “Should we tell Evana and Fyrie?” 
“In the morning,” Ronan replies. “This isn’t worth waking them for.” He steps out from behind his desk and slinks up to Jordi, grinning at the look of fear and dread that Jordi can’t keep off his face. “Tonight, we’ll just have to have some fun without them.” 


 
18 December: Keira 
“I can’t do it anymore, Keira,” Iraine gasps, her grip on me loosening and her head drooping against my shoulder as she fights to coax new trees from the ground ahead of us. 
“Just a few more minutes,” I say, gritting my teeth. “We’re getting close to the camp.” Please, please, please, someone help us, I pray. Nixa, God, whatever’s up there—I’ll do anything if you can get us out of this. 
In an almost instantaneous answer to my prayer, a pack of figures zooms past us with a whoosh, leaping up into the trees with weapons in hand. Vamp guards, coming to our rescue at last. I hear a series of heavy crashes and screams behind us as a pair of vamps leaps through the air and drags a couple of avians out of the sky, slashing at their wings with a degree of speed and nimbleness that only vamps could pull off. 
“In here!” a voice calls from somewhere up ahead. Squinting through the darkness, I make out a silhouette waving its arms in the direction of a large hole in the earth going down into the tunnels. I pull back on Virgo’s reins to slow him from his sprint and guide him down into it; fortunately, the Katyran is sufficiently freaked out at this point to not resist being led into a confined underground space. The silhouette—a dustie woman—climbs out of the brush and follows us inside, sealing the tunnel up behind her. 
“Whoa,” I say once we’ve reached level ground, bringing Virgo to a halt. I jump off his back and help Iraine down with the help of my flashlight. Bending over to examine her, I see that her face has been completely drained of color, and her breaths are alarmingly slow and shallow. 
“What the hell was going on out there?” the dustie woman demands, wielding a flashlight of her own and shining it right at me. “What’s the horse for?” 
“For Cass,” I murmur. “Look, I really don’t have time to talk about this right now. I’m pretty sure some bad shit just went down with our friends.” I check my phone to find, at long, long last, a response to one of my texts: it’s from Roery, and the news is just as bad as I was thinking. Jordi and Quincey have been captured. Aysa brought in too. Held in cell where Freya was kept. Help. 
“Great,” I whisper, tapping my phone against my lips. I can’t leave them there—no way. They got caught carrying out my plan, and Cass would never, ever forgive me if I let Aysa die or be tortured by our enemies. I have to get them out of there, and I have to do it now. 
“What is it?” Iraine mumbles beside me, her eyes closed. I brush back her hair, checking her pulse. She’s barely hanging on to consciousness, and no wonder: she just used three different kinds of powers in the span of less than an hour. Despite not looking much like one, Iraine’s been a total badass today. All the jealousy I’d been feeling about her and Wes has melted away—why should I care if she’s got the same strange attraction to that stupid Warden boy as I do? I can relate to her, at the very least. 
“I know where the others are,” I tell her. “I’m gonna go rescue them.” I glance back at the dustie woman. “Take her and the horse back to camp. Make sure she sees a doctor, or a healer or something—all right?” 
“And where exactly are you going?” the dustie demands. Her flashlight is in my face again. 
“On a rescue mission,” I reply, shielding my eyes. “And you’re not gonna be able to stop me, so don’t bother trying.” I feel around in Iraine’s coat for the handgun I know she’d brought and stuff its barrel into one of my pockets. “Please, just make sure they get back to camp all right. And open the tunnel back up so I can get out of here.” 
The dustie nods, reluctantly doing as I say. “I’m not going to stand in the way of Cass’s closest advisor. But I do hope you know what you’re getting into.” 
“I do,” I assure her, which is at least partially a lie. But it doesn’t matter: going back is really the only option I have at this point. So I squeeze Iraine’s shoulder and climb to my feet, taking one last moment to steel myself before assuming my owl shift and taking off for New Fauske. 


 
18 December: Aysa 
I’m shaken awake by a circle of avians, finding myself in a room with bright artificial lights glaring down at me from above and a thick glass wall cutting me off from the hall beyond. It’s the containment cell I’d seen before in Quincey and Freya’s memories, the one they were held in after the Sentries took them prisoner. Quincey is here, too, along with Jordi, both of them handcuffed to the walls. 
As soon as they see that I’ve returned to consciousness, the avians yank me to my feet and drag me over to a vertical torture rack of sorts—they tie me by the wrists to a machine that will pull me up inch by inch and tie my ankles to the ground so that my spine will stretch until it snaps. The avians’ minds are filled with pride and malice; they want to get as much information from me as they can to impress their leader, Fyrie, when he finds out about my capture tomorrow. 
They start by taunting me, telling me that I’m an idiot and I’m about to die a long and painful death—I give them no response, of course, just a hard stare that I hope doesn’t betray my fear. It angers them; they want a reaction from me, want me to beg them for mercy or yell back at them. I can tell that Jordi and Quincey are yelling plenty from their corner, but the avians are much more interested in eliciting a response from me, the quiet little jnani girl. 
They turn on their torture machine and allow it to pull up my arms just enough to make my muscles ache with strain. Then they begin with the questions. They ask me what I am doing here, why I left my home to follow Cass halfway around the world; they ask me how I got into New Fauske, and what I was trying to do before I shot one of their friends out of the sky; they ask about Keira and Iraine, and why they found them charging through the city on horseback, and about Jordi and Quincey, wondering how I’m connected to them. I don’t give them any answers, and I don’t complain about the pain as they stretch my limbs farther and farther apart—I stand there as silently as always, and it infuriates them and makes them stretch me out even more. 
Then one of the avians, a tall, dark-haired man with speckled tawny wings, steps forward and orders the others to grab Quincey: he is Ronan, Fyrie’s deputy, the one who’s in charge here. His men comply, unchaining Quincey and dragging him to lie sprawled out between Ronan and my torture rack. They want to kill him, hopefully to scare me or Jordi into compliance. If physical pain won’t work, Ronan thinks, this might. 
Suddenly I pick up a thought, strong and steely and determined, at the very edge of my cast-range: Hold on. We’re coming for you. It’s Keira, flying for the containment cell as fast as she can, with Roery close behind. 
“Hurry, Keira.” Ronan raises a knife to Quincey’s throat, waiting expectantly for me to offer up a confession to keep him from slitting it. Jordi lets out a desperate yell, and another avian yanks up my arms on the rack one more time, my muscles screaming and a silent shriek tearing free from my chest. “You have to do something,” I tell Jordi, fighting through the pain. “Keira is coming—you have to stop them from killing Quincey.” 
Ronan slowly digs his knife into the skin of Quincey’s neck, and I feel Quincey’s pain and fear surge through me like a tidal wave. Cold with fear of his own, Jordi somehow manages to twist his hands around in their shackles enough to send a powerful jet of water straight for Ronan—the avian curses, falling back with his clothes and wings completely drenched. He yells at his men to hold Jordi back until he’s ready for him; then he kneels over Quincey again, but this time Quincey ducks away and gives him a hard punch to the jaw, sending the knife flying from his grasp. I focus on the two avians headed over to subdue Jordi; concentrating hard, I worm my way into their heads and fill them with all my memories of pain and anguish, everything from the day Avi was killed to the way I feel right now, my mind full of everyone’s fear and my limbs all stretched to their breaking point. The avians cry out and fall to the floor, grabbing at their heads. 
By the time I pull out of their minds, Keira has arrived, standing in human form on the other side of the glass wall with Roery at her shoulder. The man beside Ronan points her out, and all of the avians’ minds grow dark with recognition. They know exactly who she is, and exactly what she’s here for. 
Keira raises her arm to the wall, pressing her Sentry mark against it, and it slides down into the ground. She whips out a handgun, and Roery does the same; two of the avians pull out guns to match. 
There are six avians in the room and only two of them, but Keira and Roery are the ones prepared for the fight, and they’re much, much angrier. Keira sends one of the armed men to his death with a single bullet to the chest, while Roery takes down the other just as easily. Keira shifts into a wolf and lunges for another avian, and Roery sends a miniature tornado intended for him flying right back at its creator. Jordi has got streams of water flashing around the room, creating a deluge of chaos. Quincey wrests the knife away from Ronan once again as wolf-Keira takes him on; the dustie boy scrambles to his feet and uses the knife to cut my rope bindings, and I collapse against the ground with my whole body sighing in relief. 
And then the chaos is over, the avians’ minds all blank and lifeless as they lie in bloody piles around Keira and Roery. You all right? Keira asks me. I nod, unable to form a coherent thought to send to her. Roery burrows through the avians’ pockets until he finds one with a key—he runs to Jordi to unlock his shackles and pull him up into a kiss. I press my face against the cool floor, squeezing shut my eyes and gulping down my breaths. 
Some time later, seconds or minutes or hours, an unexpected voice intrudes upon my racing thoughts. “I’ll help you, Aysa.” 
Startled, I raise my head to find Laena standing where the glass wall used to be, surveying the scene and breathing heavily from her run here. She meets my eyes and gives a little nod. 
Her thought-block is gone; my mind delves into hers, and I feel her inner turmoil over the proposition I offered her, the great pain and terror she couldn’t help but sense coming from me after I was captured. It had been enough to make her realize what kinds of things she was complicit in, enough to change her mind. 
“You’re right,” she says. “Vrata or no vrata, I can’t support Evana anymore. There’s no point in living on if I do.” 
I understand what she’s saying, the weight behind what she’s telling me. Despite the screaming pain it causes me, I rise to my feet and stagger over to her to wrap her up in a hug. “Thank you,” I say. “You are the best of us, Laena.” Keira, unaware of what’s going on, raises her eyebrows at me; I give her a little shake of my head. 
I have to get out of here, Roery says, before they realized I helped you. All of us need to get out of here. Expanding my cast-range, I realize that there are avians and Sentries headed down to our cell right now, having heard the gunshots from afar. 
“You should stay here, actually,” I tell Roery. I turn to Jordi. “Make it look like you knocked him out.” Jordi doesn’t want to, but after a prolonged stare-off with me he reluctantly asks Quincey for Ronan’s knife and uses it to cut a gash down Roery’s bicep—nothing too big or deep, but enough to draw blood. He uses his hands to spread the blood down the length of Roery’s arm and across his shoulders, then rips gashes through his shirt and douses him in water. Roery gives Jordi another quick kiss before returning to the bodies of the other avians, sprawling out on the floor and going as still as he can. 
Quincey asks nervously how the rest of us are going to get out. “Evana installed a secret exit in the castle cellar,” Laena says. “I can lead you to it, and then you can escape through the tunnels once you’re outside. Can you turn us invisible, Aysa?” 
“Not really,” I admit, wincing a little. “I don’t think I could concentrate enough.” It’s hard enough for me to keep myself standing right now, even with Laena to lean on. 
I’ll do it, Keira offers, fingering her ice-glass necklace. Or I’ll try, at least. I nod to her, relieved. 
Turning to face me, Laena reaches for my hands and squeezes them, pressing her forehead against mine. “Thank you for coming to see me,” she says, tears pricking at her eyes. “You reminded me of who I am.” 
Wiping away a couple tears of my own, I motion the others over to join hands with us, and Keira casts her shein just as the first Sentries round the corner to find the bloodbath we left in our wake. 


 
20 December: Westrey 
The Wardens begin sending their soldiers to Nal Ferris a few days before the battle, and Fenella’s entire war council is part of the first shipment out, supposedly so we can get our bearings in the new setting and finalize our plans with more information about the place we’ll be fighting in. We arrive on the morning of the twentieth to find the battle camp bustling with activity, dusties and Shades setting up tents to accommodate the new arrivals and the Sylvans out working near the gates of New Fauske, growing up the trees there for Norah’s decoy plot and bringing spring back to the middle of December. 
“Wes.” I jump when I hear Keira’s voice, and turn to find her standing behind me and watching me gape around at the camp. “I thought you’d be here two hours ago—I got my ass up for it and everything.” 
“Our flight was delayed,” I tell her. “I didn’t ask you to get up for me.” 
“She chose to do that so she’d have an excuse to escape me chewing her out.” Cass walks up to us, her arms crossed over her chest. “I’m assuming Keira didn’t tell you about the horse thing?” 
“What horse thing?” 
“Oh, God, Cass,” Keira begs. “Don’t start this again.” 
Cass gives her a silent glare before shifting her eyes to me. “Keira and your friend Iraine decided to steal a Katyran horse from New Fauske’s stables, supposedly for me to ride into battle. They ended up being chased by a pack of murderous avians, putting Iraine in the infirmary, getting Aysa, Jordi, and Quincey captured, and almost blowing Roery’s cover.” 
I blink. “Wait, seriously?” 
“And then I rescued everyone and made sure Roery’s cover wasn’t blown,” Keira says to Cass. “And I got you the horse, and Aysa brought Laena onto our side. So it all worked out great in the end.” 
“You like to call me an idiot,” I say, shaking my head at Keira, “but that’s literally the most idiotic thing I’ve ever heard.” 
“It’s the most idiotic thing I’ve ever heard, too,” Cass assures me. It feels strangely like the two of us are on the same side for once. 
“Riding Virgo into battle will give you some real legitimacy,” Keira says. “Maybe even more than our Katyri trick. Katyrans belong to the Nixan nobles; riding one shows everyone that you’re one of them.” 
“You risked your life for a horse, Keira,” I say. “You’re not gonna be able to explain that away.” It doesn’t make sense, even for someone as crazy as Keira—I get the distinct impression that she’s not telling us everything. 
Cass sighs. “Well, I promised Caph I’d make an appearance at his meeting with the Sentries. While I’m gone, I’ll leave it to you to reprimand her for her stupidity.” 
“Happy to do it,” I tell her as she stalks off to one of the large tents in the center of camp. 
Keira leads me out of the tree dome and into the sunlight outside. “Please tell me we’re not going to talk about this all day.” 
“We’re going to talk about it at least a little,” I say. “How did you convince Aysa and Jordi and everyone to go along with you? I would’ve thought they’d have a bit more common sense, even if you don’t.” 
Keira shoves me, tossing her head back in exasperation. “They wanted to come,” she insists. “Aysa really wanted to talk to Laena, because she thought she could get her to work with us, and Jordi just wanted to check up on Roery. I’m pretty sure the two of them are together or something.” 
“That’s what Freya thinks,” I say. “She’s going to kill you, by the way, when she finds out you got Quincey involved.” 
“Well, if she waits a few more days, she might not have to bother doing it herself,” Keira points out, which sends a shiver of ice tendrils down my spine. Right—we’re all about to find ourselves in the biggest battle of our lives, and there’s a good chance that we won’t make it out of it alive. It’s weird how easy it is to forget that, hiking side by side through the woods like this with Keira. 
We walk in silence for a minute, heading in the direction of the tall, leafy trees around New Fauske that dwarf the snowy pines and bare branches that surround us. “Well,” I ask eventually, “did Aysa learn anything useful from Laena before she was captured?” 
Keira cocks her head at me. “Yes, actually,” she says. “I was planning to talk to you about that.” 
I frown. “Why me?” 
She sighs. “You are one of the Wardens on Fenella’s council, right? You’ve got some clout here, Doorstep. More than me, at least when it comes to the infidels.” Keira climbs up onto a fallen tree trunk stretching over a shallow little creek, and I jump up beside her. 
“Okay, so what did Aysa learn?” 
“Well, she learned that Evana doesn’t know shit about the size of our army,” Keira says. “Laena’s been kept too far away from us to cast out for our thoughts thanks to the thought-block she had on, and whatever she did figure out, she apparently didn’t share with Evana. So basically, Evana knows about the thing with Aures Chaise and Sola City, and she knows we won Duke Carasten’s support, but that’s about it.” 
“So she doesn’t know that only Fenella’s Wardens are fighting with us now,” I say, “and that we’ve got half as many people as she does.” 
“Exactly.” 
I lean back. “Well, that’s good news, I guess. But what do you want me to do with it?” 
“We need to change our attack plan,” Keira replies. “We were planning on sending reinforcements out in waves, right?” 
“Yeah.” 
“Well, we can’t do that anymore. If we’re going to have a shot at defeating Evana, we need to send all our forces out at the beginning. It’ll trick her into thinking we have more people fighting for us that we actually do, and it’ll give us the upper hand.” 
“And what happens when Evana realizes that we have zero reinforcements coming in?” 
“It won’t come to that,” Keira insists. “She’s a coward; she’ll stop the fighting and try to negotiate if she thinks we’re going to beat her. Trust me, I know how she thinks. This is our best chance.” 
I give her a skeptical sideways glance. “You really think it will work?” 
“I do,” she says firmly. “And look—I talked to Cass about it, but we all know it’s Fenella who’s really calling the shots when it comes to battle strategy. She and her team are the ones who’ve been trained for this; people will listen to whatever she decides.” She kicks my ankle. “And I want you to convince her to go along with my genius plan.” 
I snort. “What makes you think Fenella Shirey would listen to me? A few weeks ago she wanted me dead.” 
“Yeah, and now she’s put you on her war council. All the shit you’ve taught the Wardens about New Fauske and Old Magic has really helped her. She respects you.” 
“Respects me for what?” 
“I don’t know.” Keira shifts forward, drawing her face closer to mine. “You’re pretty brave, I guess, and you’re actually somewhat smart when you’re not being a reckless idiot.” 
“Look who’s talking,” I reply, pulling her in for a kiss. And we spend another hour together on that dead tree, listening to the soft forest sounds around us and breathing each other in. 
❄❄❄ 
I find Fenella in a tent on the outer edge of the Sylvans’ tree dome, sorting through some maps and papers. “Can I come in?” I ask from the entrance. 
She stops her sorting and blinks up at me, startled. “Of course.” 
I sit cross-legged beside her as she puts away her work, waiting until she turns her attention to me. “What is it, Wes?” 
I take a breath. “I just learned some interesting information from Keira,” I tell her. “According to Aysa, Evana has no idea how many people we’re bringing here to fight her. Which means she probably thinks we have more than we actually do.” 
“Great,” Fenella mutters. “That means she’ll be overprepared to take us on.” 
“Well, Keira is thinking that if we trick her into thinking we can defeat her, she’ll try to negotiate her way out of the fight.” 
Fenella shoots me a dubious look. “Evana? She’s too proud for that.” 
“Keira doesn’t think so,” I say. “She’s gotten Evana’s jnani slave to switch to our side and feed Evana whatever information we want her to. It’ll be easy to trick her. And Keira—well, I think she has a plan about what to do if it comes to a negotiation to get us what we want.” 
“You think?” Fenella repeats. 
“She must,” I insist. “She didn’t tell me everything, but she’s definitely got some sort of plan, with Cass and Aysa I guess. And she thinks we need to send all our people out at the beginning of the battle instead of keeping half of them back as reinforcements.” Fenella raises her eyebrows at me; I add quickly, “I mean, not everyone—we need guards to stay back, and the healers, but other than that we could send them all.” 
“That’s highly unconventional,” Fenella says. “With no reinforcements, we’ll only be able to last for a few hours out there.” 
“Keira thinks that’s all we’ll need,” I reply. “Look, no matter how many people we keep back, Evana’s going to have more. She’s always going to be able to outlast us no matter what we do.” 
Fenella considers for a second. “I see your point,” she admits. “But it’s all dependent on the word of your Sentry friend, and I’m not entirely sure I’m comfortable with that.” She meets my eyes. “Do you really trust her with something as important as this? Even after what happened when you were together in New Fauske?” 
I swallow. Why do I trust Keira, really? I know for a fact that she hasn’t told me everything, and she has betrayed me before. But I think of the way she looked at me earlier, how she told me she thought I was brave and smart, how she smiled each time she kissed me. I can’t explain it, but somehow I know that I can believe her. 
“She only betrayed me in New Fauske because she was protecting her friend,” I say. “As she is now. I know that she wants nothing more than to get Cass on the Nixan throne, and I trust that whatever plan she comes up with is going to do that.” 
Fenella studies me carefully as I speak, a frown tugging at her lip; then she nods. “Okay,” she says. “I’ll discuss this new information with my strategists. We’ll consider what you’ve said.” 
“Thank you,” I murmur, standing up to leave. My heart begins to pound—I really, really hope that Keira is right about Evana, and that I’m right to trust her. If not, there’s a good chance the two of us will end up responsible for the biggest defeat the Wardens have seen in centuries. 


 
22 December: Freya 
The last few days leading up to the battle pass by in a blur of frenzied meetings and training and looming apprehension. Our last forces don’t arrive until the night before the battle is set to begin, and with a whole lot of help we’re finally able to tally up how many people we’ve got fighting for us: thirty-eight thousand one hundred and twenty-seven, compared to what we’re thinking is about sixty-four thousand on Evana’s side. Not the best of odds, but still a pretty high number, all things considered. And apparently, thanks to Keira and my brother, all thirty-eight thousand of our guys will be marching into battle at the exact same time. 
As soon as the sun sets on our final night in camp, the Wardens host a fire-gathering, a tradition of ours going back to ancient times. Fenella and her advisors build a giant fire in the center of the camp and invite everyone who’s willing to gather around it. I sit with Wes and Baz, with Norah and Jordi together a little ways behind us. 
After a few minutes of talking with some Sentries, Cass comes over and kneels down tentatively beside me. “Have any you guys seen Keira?” she asks. “Or Aysa?” 
I shake my head. “Maybe they’re off trying to get themselves killed again.” 
“I hope not,” Cass sighs. “The night before the battle—not even they would do something like that.” I shrug dubiously. 
Fenella rises to stand just in front of the fire, her figure dark against the flames. She holds up her arms for silence, which comes slowly as conversations peter out one by one throughout the gathered crowd. 
“I am proud to host this fire-gathering, the first fire-gathering our people have ever shared with the other orders.” Fenella’s voice is loud and strong, spreading across the entire camp. “But it is fitting that we make history tonight. Tomorrow is going to be one of the most important days in the entire story of the Novan peoples. Win or lose, our actions will count for something much bigger than ourselves.” She pauses, taking a moment to glance through the crowd. “I’m honored to stand with all of you in battle, with anyone willing to risk their lives to create a better world. It is inevitable that some of us will not make it through; but rest assured that your memory will live on past you, as one who sacrificed everything for the sake of our people.” A thunderous applause erupts at her words, with people yelling words of praise and encouragement at God knows who. 
Cass turns to me again. “I should go up there and say something, too, shouldn’t I?” 
“Probably,” I agree. 
“I’m not really great with public speaking.” 
“Do it anyway,” I tell her. “Everyone here’s about to go to war for you tomorrow—saying a few words in front of a bonfire is nothing compared to that.” 
“You’re right,” Cass admits. So she leaves my side and pushes her way up to the fire, the crowd shifting to let her through. 
She comes to stand next to Fenella, who bows away after a few more minutes of talking to give her the floor. The crowd grows even quieter than before as Cass steps up to speak, everyone watching her expectantly. 
“So, I know that most of you aren’t here because of me,” she begins. “You’re here because of Fenella, or Sayra, or my uncle, or maybe because you just really hate Evana.” I hear her draw in a deep breath. “But you’re here for me all the same, about to fight to put me on the Nixan throne; and I can’t tell you how much I appreciate that, from every single one of you.” She glances at Fenella beside her. “I know a lot of the Wardens here aren’t too happy about fighting for a Nixan girl. A couple months ago, I never would’ve imagined I’d be fighting next to infidels, so I get it.” A few murmurs spread through the crowd. Cass raises her voice, sounding at least somewhat more confident than she did when she started. “But I promise you, if we win tomorrow and I make it onto that throne, I’m not going to rule like any other Nixan. My people have observed some awful practices for a long, long time—the Sentry trials, the jnani captives, the banishment of faedras—and I am going to abolish all of them. And just as importantly, I’m going to work with Warden leaders, and leaders from all the other Novan orders, to finally put an end to our hostilities. If everything goes the way we want it to tomorrow, this will not only be the battle that gets Evana out of power, but it will also be the final battle of Nixa’s War. I promise all of you tonight that I’ll make sure of it.” As she finishes speaking, her voice filled with emotion and conviction, infidels and Nixa-worshippers alike rise to their feet, clapping and cheering. I clap, too, impressed by Cass’s little speech. I’m starting to feel like maybe Keira was right about her all along. 
“Keira would be proud of her,” Wes murmurs beside me, echoing my thoughts. “Cass just said exactly what she’s always wanted her to say.” 
“Yeah, where is Keira?” Baz wonders. “There’s no way she went to bed already.” 
“She has to be here somewhere.” Craning my neck, I do my best to search the darkened faces around us for the silver-eyed Sentry, but I find nothing. “Where else could she have gone?” 


 
22 December: Keira 
I hold a hand mirror up to my face and turn my head from side to side to catch the glow of the candlelight, trying to work out all the kinks in my appearance. The last time I tried to shift into someone else, it was Wes, and he was literally right on top of me—changing into Cass is much harder without a template. 
But I’ve known Cass pretty much my entire life, and if there’s anyone whose appearance I can emulate off-book, it’s hers. Frowning into the mirror, I tweak the angle of my jawline and lighten my hair by one more shade, making sure to keep the loose curls that Cass and I share. And finally I focus on my eyes—I hadn’t been able to change their color when I turned into Wes, and I’ve never been able to change them when turning into anything else, either. But Aysa insists that it’s possible, and she helps me out with a quick flash of a memory—Cass’s eyes wide and bright and smiling, the color of a clear winter sky—so I grit my teeth and glare at myself until my irises fade to blue. 
How do I look? I ask her finally, turning around. She’s standing beside the little fire in the middle of my tent, tugging anxiously at her hair. 
“Come closer,” she says. I do, standing still while she paces in a circle around me and examines me from every angle. 
“Very good,” she tells me, impressed. She holds up an aura detector to show that my dot has gone from Sentry gray to Nixan white. “There’s no way Fyrie will be able to tell that you’re not her.” 
“That’s the goal.” I throw on a hoodie and pull it tight to cover as much of my face as it can, not wanting everyone in the camp to think that Cass is slipping off to a secret meeting the night before the battle. Aysa wraps her own face up in a scarf, and the two of us snuff out our fire and the candles and sneak our way out of camp, giving the big fire where everyone has gathered a wide berth. 
Are they where they said they’d be? I ask Aysa as we slip out of the tree dome and into the forest beyond. 
“They’re waiting for us,” she confirms. “Nothing suspicious in their thoughts.” 
Thank the Goddess. At least something has to go right for us. Jordi had managed to smuggle Espen’s draugr potion wine to Roery without incident earlier in the day, so it seems our luck is finally beginning to turn around. 
Twenty minutes later and we’ve reached the small clearing outside New Fauske where Aysa had asked Evana via Laena to meet with us—to meet with Cass, really. She’d refused, of course, but upon Laena’s insistence that meeting us would be to her benefit, she’d agreed to send Fyrie along as her representative. He stands in the center of the clearing now, Laena at his side. 
I throw off my hood, revealing myself as Cassatia Loraveire. “Has she met all of my conditions, Laena?” Fyrie asks. 
“She has,” Laena tells him. Fyrie’s “conditions” were that Aysa and I had to meet with him alone, and that he could bring along Laena to let him know if I were planning on having him killed or something. Laena’s switched over to Team Cass now, of course, but Fyrie doesn’t need to worry—he’s not the one I’m concerned with. 
“Thank you for meeting us,” I say, trying my best to speak the way Cass does. 
Fyrie mmms in acknowledgement. “Laena says there’s something important you want to discuss.” 
“There is.” I glance back at Aysa. “I’m sure Laena has told you all about what you’ll be up against tomorrow.” 
“Nothing that we can’t handle,” Fyrie replies. 
He’s more right than he realizes—if Laena hadn’t drastically overestimated our manpower to him, he’d know just how easily he and Evana could finish us off. “We don’t have to fight tomorrow,” I say. “We can resolve this without killing off half our forces first.” 
Fyrie smiles. “You say that because you think we’ll defeat you.” 
“I say that because I want to have a kingdom to rule over when this is done, not a city of corpses.” 
“All right, then.” Fyrie taps his foot, his wings stretched out imposingly behind him. “What are you proposing?” 
I take a breath. “There’s no need for us to be enemies. Nixan leaders have had power struggles before, and they’ve been able to work through them—I’m thinking of one power struggle in particular.” 
“I know,” Fyrie says. “You’re talking about the Carastens, your mother’s family.” 
I nod. “They fought with their cousins over the rights to the throne, and it almost led to a battle as big as this one. But the Heilagurs were wise, and they decided to concede the Eastern Province to the Carastens with the Eiran Covenant.” 
“You know your history,” Fyrie remarks. 
“My tutors made sure of that.” And I’d helped Cass study, year after year. When it comes to old Nixan treaties, I know my shit. 
“And now you want to make a similar agreement with Evana.” 
“All I want is New Fauske, my original birthright. She can have Svalbard to herself.” 
“Svalbard is currently under the control of rebel avians,” Fyrie replies. 
I raise my eyebrows. “We both know that’s not true.” 
Fyrie shrugs, glancing down at his watch. “It’s time for us to go,” he says. “I’ll tell Evana about your proposal, but I can promise you that nothing’s going to come of it.” 
“We’ll see about that,” I say. 
With a small smirk, Fyrie grabs Laena’s arm and leads her back into the woods, their figures quickly vanishing among the trees. 
I sigh, turning to Aysa. Did he mean what he said? 
Aysa nods. “Fyrie wants to fight, and he knows that Evana does, too.” 
Well, that’s what we expected. We knew we’d be fighting tomorrow no matter what. We just needed to get the idea of the Eiran Covenant out there. 
“And we did,” Aysa replies. “Come on; let’s get back before people start to wonder where we are.” 


 
22 December: Westrey 
After the fire-gathering, most people return to their tents or climb up into their vine hammocks to get some sleep before the battle. My mind is racing, though, to the point where I know that trying to sleep would be pointless; instead I head out of the camp and off into the woods to try and clear my head. 
I climb on top of a big flat rock that juts out over a stream, listening to the trickle of the water and peering up at the stars. A good part of me has still not processed what I’m going to be doing tomorrow, how I could end the day a hero or a prisoner or dead. 
“Hey.” I jump when I hear the voice, my hands lighting up to reveal Baz observing me from a few yards away. I’d been too wrapped up in my thoughts to notice his approach. 
“Shit, Baz,” I say, putting out my hands. “Did you follow me out here?” 
“Maybe.” Baz takes a seat next to me on the rock, close enough that our elbows are touching. “I didn’t think I could sleep, either.” 
“Freya?” I ask. 
Baz shrugs. “Out cold. She’s slept through worse, I guess.” He taps my foot with his. “You know, we’ve never really talked about her.” 
“Talked about Freya?” 
“Yeah. Like, you know, me and Freya.” Even in the darkness I can tell that he’s biting his lip. “I figure now’s as good a time as any, considering the very high likelihood of one of us dying tomorrow.” 
“Fair enough.” I smirk a little. “You’ve always had a bit of a thing for her, even when we were little. But still, I never thought there was any chance of you guys actually getting together.” 
“Well, I never thought I’d see you with a Sentry,” Basil counters. 
“I’m not with Keira,” I protest, though I know exactly what he means. 
“Seriously, though—you’re my best friend, Wes.” Baz glances down at his hands. “And, I mean, I really like her, but if you don’t think you can deal with that—” 
“Baz,” I say, cutting him off. “Of course I can deal with it.” I raise my eyebrows at him. “Honestly, I’d rather Freya be with someone who I know isn’t an asshole instead of some random guy I don’t know anything about. Like Zay, or whatever that last dude’s name was.” 
Baz puts a hand to his heart. “You don’t think I’m an asshole?” 
“I didn’t say that.” 
Baz leans against me, resting his cheek on my shoulder. “This all started with us, you know,” he says. “I guess it really started with Keira, but we’re the ones who decided to drive her across the country with that stupid sword.” 
“Yep.” I wrap an arm around Baz’s shoulders and smile, ruffling his shaggy mane of hair. I’m feeling abnormally touchy-feely tonight, but Baz doesn’t seem to mind. “It all kind of worked out in the end, though. Somehow.” 
“Don’t say that yet,” Baz warns. “We have to see how tomorrow goes first. There’s still plenty of time for shit to hit the fan and make us regret ever meeting that dumb shifter girl.” 
“Guess there is.” My lips quirk up a little. “I don’t really think I could regret meeting her, though.” 
“Yeah,” Baz sighs. “Me neither.” 
And with one last wordless glance at each other, the two of us lie back against the rock, staring off into the night and wondering what will happen to us when the sun comes up. 


 
23 December: Cassatia 
Hours after I should have been asleep, Aysa unzips my tent and tiptoes inside. Immediately I sit up, startling her and waking Rhody beside me. Where were you tonight? I ask. I couldn’t find you at the bonfire. 
“I wasn’t there,” she admits. “I don’t like being around crowds that big, with everyone pressed together—it makes it hard for me to pick out anyone’s thoughts.” 
Oh. I hadn’t thought about that. I’m sorry. 
“Don’t be.” Aysa lowers herself down onto the air mattress beside me, shivering; I cocoon myself up in the blankets with her, all of our limbs pressed tightly together. Rhody moves to lie on top of Aysa, and she buries her cheeks in his fur to soak up his extra warmth. “You spoke great up there,” she tells me. 
Of course Aysa would know about my speech. I just felt like I had to say something. All those people are about to go out and risk their lives for me. 
“Not for you,” Aysa says. “For what they know you can do. You’re going to change the world, Cass.” 
It’s very similar to what Caphian told me when I spoke to him not long ago, but it doesn’t bring me any comfort. I don’t know, Aysa. Everyone thinks I’m going to be so amazing and make things so much better for them, but I’m not as special as they think. I have no idea how to rule anything—I was raised to take over New Fauske one day, but I guess I never actually believed it would happen. 
“Stop doubting yourself so much,” Aysa says, locking eyes with me. “Listen—during my dheira training, I saw into the minds of great leaders all over the world, and yours has the same qualities as theirs. You’re smart and brave and open-minded; you know when to take a stand and when to listen to people who know more than you. You’ve gotten so many people to believe in your potential without even trying—Keira, Gwen Revana and Fenella Shirey, who should be your worst enemies; and me.” She pulls herself up onto her elbows, her gaze earnest. “I left my whole family to help you. And I miss them every day—I miss knowing where they are and what they’re doing and how they’re feeling, but I don’t regret it one bit. There’s nowhere else in the world I’d rather be right now than here with you, Cass. I hope you know that.” 
Yeah, I know. I run a hand through Aysa’s dark locks of hair, feeling the prick of tears in my eyes. I love you, I tell her, and I mean it more than I’m able to put into thoughts or words. 
Aysa gives me the smallest of smiles. “I love you, too.” 
We kiss, and I spend the rest of the night wrapped up in her arms, wishing I’d never have to leave them. 
❄❄❄ 
It feels like only a moment before Aysa is shaking me awake. “It’s time,” she tells me, her face buried in my hair. 
I groan and squeeze my eyes even more tightly shut as Rhody nuzzles the nape of my neck. Does it have to be? 
“Everyone’s getting up,” she says, “and you probably should be out there so they can see you.” 
You’re right, I admit, sighing as I force myself out from under the blankets. I help Aysa up before changing into my battle outfit: white combat boots made for the snow and a bulletproof vest underneath a sky-blue jacket, all designed for me by Fenella’s Wardens. I tuck a gun into my belt as well, just in case. 
Aysa gets dressed, too, though she’s not going out into battle; she’ll be staying back here working with the vamps. Their job will be to ferry anyone injured back to our camp through the dustie’s tunnels, where we’ve got Warden doctors and my uncle’s Nixan healers waiting in a giant infirmary tent. Aysa will be following the battle through thousands of minds, trying to figure out who needs the vamps’ help—it will be incredibly tiring for her, but she’d insisted that she’ll be able to do it. 
“You look great,” Aysa says. Grabbing a brush, she gets to work pulling my hair back into a bun the way Keira always used to. “Like a badass warrior princess.” 
Warrior queen, I correct her. I turn to give her a kiss, biting down on her lip with a big grin lifting mine. Good luck today. Save some lives. 
Aysa nods, but she doesn’t return my smile. “Be careful, Cass,” she says, squeezing my shoulders worriedly. “The whole battle will be pointless if you get yourself killed.” 
I lean forward, my forehead brushing against Aysa’s nose. I have to go out there, and put myself in the same danger as everyone else. What kind of leader would I be if I didn’t? 
“A bad one,” Aysa agrees reluctantly. “Still, you have to watch out for yourself. Don’t try anything too stupid or dangerous; I’ll be monitoring your thoughts and will be more than happy to yell at you if you do.” 
I wouldn’t want that, I tell her, giving her and Rhody each one final kiss before I climb out of the tent. Aysa follows a couple paces behind me, her eyes trained on the back of my head. 
A crowd of people from all different orders has gathered in the middle of our camp, clutching weapons and sporting their various uniforms: black-and-red for the infidels and blue-and-white like mine for the Nixa-worshippers. Sentries lug out crates of squawking birds for Norah’s decoy plan, and Fenella and Sayra give me nods from where they stand among their subordinates. Color and light seep through the dense tree dome above as dawn creeps nearer and nearer, the morning air fresh and crisp. A great day for a battle if there ever was one. 
Towards the edge of the dome, I see Freya giving Quincey a hug before sending him off to safety with his mother—he won’t be fighting in the battle, even though I’ve heard he wants to. My little brother Aren won’t be fighting, either; we left him back in Boston, safely out of Evana’s way in case something happens to me. 
Keira catches my eye and comes over with a horse in tow—Virgo, the Katyran she’d stolen for me. “Happy birthday,” she says, handing me the reins. 
I roll my eyes. “Me riding Virgo is kind of pointless,” I say. “Everyone in New Fauske knows you stole him.” 
“Still, it’ll look badass for you to charge into battle on a Katyran,” Keira points out. “Almost as badass as coming in on a winged wolf.” 
“Almost,” I agree, raising my eyebrows. “But not quite.” 
Keira hesitates for a second; then she lunges forward and pulls me fiercely into her arms. “We’ve got this,” she says into my ear, her voice breaking a little. 
I nod, hugging her back and burying my face in her shoulder. “You’ve got to be careful, Keira,” I say. “I can’t do this without you.” 
She kisses me on the cheek and pulls back. I can see tears in her eyes, which startles me a little; I’m not used to seeing Keira cry. “Same to you,” she tells me. 
She and Aysa help me up onto the horse. I think back to the last time I rode a Katyran, when I was in Svalbard with Prince Iven. It’s crazy how much things have changed since then. 
I feel Virgo’s muscles clenching underneath me, the power in each of his breaths. I wrap my hands around his reins, swallowing back my fear. Everything we’ve been working for all comes down to today. 
Glancing back, I find that a horde of Nixan fighters has gathered behind me, watching me expectantly. These are my people, the ones I was given to lead by my uncle; they want to follow me into battle. 
“Good luck,” Aysa says. She clutches at my leg. “You were born for this, Cass.” 
I clear my throat, nodding to Aysa and Keira before turning back to the Nixans. “Ready?” I ask as loud as I can. 
“Avtalte,” comes the response, strong and united. 
A team of Sylvans works to bend the trees of the dome out of the way, creating a tunnel for us to pass through. I peer out into the woods ahead with a thousand emotions swirling through my mind. Here we go. 
Stroking Virgo’s mane, I direct him forward through the tunnel, my uncle’s Nixans following right behind. “Let’s go kick some ass,” I call back to them. 


 
23 December: Roery 
“You sure you’ve got this?” I ask Chleo. 
“Positive,” she promises, patting the bag slung over her shoulder. “I’ve got the wine right here, and I’ll make sure I’m the one picked to serve it. I’m not above locking some poor shifter servant in a closet if I have to.” 
“I know you aren’t.” 
Chleo turns to leave, but something makes me take her arm to stop her. She looks back to me, surprised. “I don’t know if I’ll ever see you again,” I say. “But I’m just—I’m really glad I found you here. You’re family to me, Chleo.” 
With a soft smile, Chleo wraps me up in a big one-armed hug. “You’re family to me too,” she whispers, tousling my hair. “When this is all over, if we make it through, the two of us will bring Gaoithe Fuar together as a clan again.” 
“I’d like that,” I say, tousling her hair right back. “Ádh mór ort, Chleo.” Good luck. 
“Ádh mór ort,” she repeats, squeezing my injured bicep teasingly and making me wince. 
“Into positions!” I hear someone calling from outside. 
“I have to go,” I murmur. “And so do you.” 
“Right.” Wringing her hands nervously, Chleo gives me one last nod before taking off for the kitchens, and I head outside to join the other avians in the skies above New Fauske. 
❄❄❄ 
I’m given a good position, or a bad one, depending on perspective: towards the front and only a little to the right of the city gates, through which Cass’s army is expected to storm the city. Three Sentries stand together in each watchtower along the wall, poised to fire at whatever emerges from the thick tree cover drawn up by the Sylvans. 
“They’re trying to intimidate us, making it so we can’t see them coming,” Fyrie had said when the tree growth first began. “We just have to ignore it.” It wasn’t the real reason for the tree cover at all, of course, but it was easy enough for me to play along. 
Now Fyrie hovers in the air about twenty meters away from me at the head of the flock. Below us, a crowd of fake fighters created by the Nixan priests has assembled to lure out Cass’s people. 
“Bows at the ready,” Fyrie calls. “Laena says they’re about to attack.” 
Obediently I nock an arrow in my Sentry bow and steady it with my fingers, angling it downward like everyone else and waiting. And then, all around the perimeter of the city as far as I can see, the giant trees explode with swarms of large birds screeching and careening over our heads. 
Instantly all the bows change direction, and a torrent of explosive arrows is unleashed upon the sky. I aim my bow but don’t loose my arrow, not wanting to waste valuable ammunition. We each have only twenty arrows; hopefully a good deal of them will be wasted on the bird decoy. Every arrow that explodes above our heads is one that won’t be killing anyone down on the ground. 
“Stop!” Fyrie yells suddenly. “Stop shooting, now!” But it takes a while for the message to be relayed to all the avians, so another couple hundred arrows are used up before the shooting ends, dead birds dropping to the ground all around us while their surviving friends retreat into the trees. 
The shein fighters have disappeared, leaving the snow blanketing the city clean of all but bird carcasses. “Shit,” the avian beside me mutters. I glance back at her quiver—it’s half empty. 
The trees begin to shake, louder and louder and louder; a massive horde of combatants erupts suddenly from among them to confront the city gates, sending a storm of bullets and balls of fire to assail Evana’s Sentries in the watchtowers around them. A pair of elephant-Sentries charge forward and rip open the gates, and the invaders rush into the city like water breaking through a dam, led by a blonde girl on a white Katyran horse: Cassatia Loraveire. 
With a yell, Evana’s ground forces rush out to meet them, angered beyond the point of logic: holding their ground would have been the better option, but this is exactly what Fenella and her strategists had predicted would happen after the decoy. The avians begin firing their remaining arrows down at the invaders, wanting to capitalize on the short amount of time they have before the two forces reach each other. 
But they’re too late, because our side already has fighters positioned all throughout the city; with a great rumbling of earth, tunnels built by the dusties tear themselves open across New Fauske like dark blemishes on the snowy ground, expelling fighters to intercept Evana’s forces and throw their charge into chaos. 
“Aim for Cassatia!” Fyrie yells. I turn to him as he nocks an arrow to his bowstring, angling it down towards Cass astride her horse; an instant before he lets it loose, I send an arrow of my own flying for him, hitting him squarely in the chest and letting off a boom! as it rips him from the sky, spurting blood and limbs and feathers. 
The shooting around me stops immediately, avians flying out of position in shock. Tucking away my bow, I pull in my wings and go into a dive, plummeting towards the ground. Arrows fly at me like missiles, but I open my hands and summon a wall of wind above me into which they explode, close enough to make my ears ring and my stomach flip. 
I’ve finally blown my cover, and the battle has officially begun. 


 
23 December: Norah 
As I rush into the city with a wave of screaming Novans pulling me forward, I raise my arms and create a forcefield of electricity around me. Almost immediately it’s put to work deflecting a jet of sleet flung in my direction—I feel the strain of the impact and wince. 
Cass and the Sentry guards flying above her reach Evana’s disoriented front lines and charge through them with a screeching battle cry; a moment later and I’m in the thick of the fight, too, enemies coming at me left and right. Throwing out my palms, I send bolts of electricity flying for two Nixan men assaulting my forcefield; they collapse into the fray, knocked out. 
I glance behind me to find Jordi struggling to fend off a gang of Sentries that have gathered around him, wanting to take down the only aquine in the fight. Grunting, I zap down a pair of them, leaving Jordi able to tackle the rest. 
“Thanks,” he pants, running up to me. 
“No problem,” I tell him. But in the moment of broken concentration, my forcefield is breached and a wolf lunges forward to pin me to the ground, stopping my heart. 
Instantly Jordi pulls out a knife, and he stabs the wolf deep in the side as it goes for my throat. The animal yelps and whips around, giving me the time and strength to zap it unconscious. 
Jordi helps me up, and the two of us line up back-to-back with our weapons drawn. I steady my gun and fire into the crowd at Nixans and Sentries clad in white, the color of Evana’s forces. An arrow flying down from the avians explodes just a few feet away, sending two Wardens to the ground and bringing spots to my field of vision. I attempt to reform my forcefield, thinking I’ve regained the strength to, but I’m not able to pull together enough focus. 
“I have an idea,” Jordi says, taking my hand. “Come with me.” 
Obediently I follow him through the crowd, ducking snow and fire and bullets and striking down anyone who tries to follow us. We come to the edge of a deep pond littered with ice that looks like it was frozen over until a pack of Wardens set fire to it. 
“It’s way more water than I could generate at a moment’s notice,” Jordi says. He points to a group of Evana’s Nixans slinging shards of ice at our people from a nearby section of the battlefield. “We can use it to take them out together.” 
I nod, realizing quickly what he means. There’s not much that’s better at conducting electricity than mineral-imbued pond water. “Let’s do it.” 
Jordi raises his arms, and the water begins to ripple and churn—with a flick of his wrists, he sends a huge wave of it flying for the Nixans, dousing them and putting an end to their ice summoning. I send bolts of lightning out from my palms, strong as I can make them; they connect with the water at the Nixans’ feet, and immediately the group of them collapses into the snow, immobilized by the shock. 
Jordi and I bump fists triumphantly. “That was great,” he says. 
“Now we should—” I’m cut off as something wraps itself around my neck, tight and sudden like a snake. It yanks me to the ground, leaving me gasping and struggling for air. It’s a vine, thickened and tough; I’m dragged backwards and find myself looking up into the cold green eyes of a Sylvan man prepared to end my life. 
With a yell, Jordi lunges for the man, his knife slicing through the vine, which immediately goes limp around my neck. Wheezing, I scramble to my feet as Jordi tackles the Sylvan into the pond, the two of them disappearing beneath its surface with a giant splash. 
“The aquine’s in there!” I hear a voice cry out. “Freeze it over!” 
A few Nixans step forward with their arms outstretched, and the ice lingering around the edges of the pond begins to creep slowly towards its center. By the time Jordi is done with the Sylvan he’ll be trapped underneath a solid layer of it, and the Nixans will be able to finish him off. 
Closing my eyes, I do my best to send a thought the way that Aysa had instructed us to if we were to find ourselves in trouble. You have to help Jordi, I tell her. They’re going to kill him. 
“On it,” Aysa sends back almost immediately. Overhead, a figure plummets through the sky towards the pond—Roery, coming to save Jordi on Aysa’s command. I hold my breath, counting the beats of my heart. 
Roery swoops down over the rapidly-freezing water, holding out his arms; a moment later and Jordi erupts from the center of the pond, breaking through its thin coat of ice with his tail curled up behind him. Roery catches him just two feet above the water’s surface, and I breathe a massive sigh of relief. 
And then an arrow comes whistling down from above, just barely missing Roery’s ear and exploding into the ice right below them. Roery crashes to the ground from the force of the explosion, Jordi flying from his grasp. 
Before anyone else can react, I rush forward and use every last bit of my strength to surround the two of them with a forcefield, stepping through it myself to kneel beside them on the pond ice. “Are you all right?” I demand, quickly grabbing Roery by the shoulder and rolling him off of his wing. 
“I’m fine,” Jordi gasps, his hands cupped over his ears. His tail turns back into legs, and he pulls himself off his back with a pained grunt. “Roery?” 
“My wing,” Roery says through gritted teeth—he’d landed on it hard. I inspect it briefly, my fingers running over its feathers, and I feel an unmistakable break in the bone. 
The ice begins to crack under my feet; the Nixans are melting it now, trying to send Roery and Jordi back into the water. “Shit,” I breathe. He needs help, I tell Aysa, praying that she’s listening. Right now. 
“I’ll send someone,” she replies. Clenching my jaw, I expand my forcefield to reach the pond’s edge and help Jordi drag Roery across the melting ice. 
The ice snaps suddenly open underneath me, and my leg plunges below the water’s surface, sending a shock of cold through my entire body. Jordi grabs me and pulls me out onto solid ground, my limbs trembling and my forcefield wavering. A Sentry in leopard form attempts to breach it, nearly succeeding before being tossed backwards into the pond. 
With a deep growl, the earth opens up off to our right and out sprints a vamp at inhuman speed. He passes through my forcefield unharmed and scoops Roery up in his arms, giving me the briefest of nods before rushing him back underground. 
“Oh, God, Roery,” Jordi whispers, rubbing his head. 
“He’s being taken to the healers,” I say. “He’ll be okay.” 
But as my forcefield finally dissipates, leaving us to be set upon by the gathered mob of leopards and Nixans and avians, I’m not entirely sure that Jordi and I will be. 


 
23 December: Cassatia 
“Come on, boy,” I murmur, coaxing Virgo deeper into the fray. A flock of Sentries surrounds me on all sides, swooping and lunging to take on anyone who tries to get close to me, which happens quite frequently. Shards of ice fly for me, too; I do my best to stop them and send them back at their creators, but it isn’t long before one manages to strike me in the arm and embed itself in my bicep. 
I cry out, tearing free the ice to find blood oozing from the wound. It throbs, but I know I can’t heal it right now—as a non-healer, it would take too long and leave me too tired. 
A sudden bullet rips through my team of guards and hits Virgo right in the chest; he whinnies and rears up, and I topple over his side into the snow. The Sentries immediately begin firing into the crowd at the unseen aggressor, but two shots later and the Katyran collapses to the ground, dead. 
My vision spinning, I pull myself back onto my feet with the help of an outstretched hand from Caphian. “Are you all right?” he asks over the noise of the battle. 
I nod, though it’s most definitely a lie. Before Caphian can say anything else, one of Evana’s Sentries leaps for me as a snarling tiger, and Caph has to intercept him midair in his lion form, the two of them crashing to the ground locked in a vicious scuffle. 
“We should get you out of here,” one of the other Sentries yells to me. “You’ve made your appearance on the front lines; now you’re just a target for all of these people.” 
“I’m not going to run back to safety while everyone else risks their lives,” I insist, sending a tornado of snow at a pair of enemy Shades. 
“Evana’s not fighting,” the Sentry points out. “She’s locked herself in the castle with the old and the children to wait it out.” 
“Evana’s exactly who I’m trying not to be,” I growl. “I’m staying right where I am.” Before the Sentry can reply, a spear from behind pierces through his chest, and he falls to his knees with a pained cry, the life quickly leaving his eyes. 
Gasping, I glance around to find all my assigned guards preoccupied, taking on all the Nixans and Sylvans and Sentries trying to get to me. Maybe this is a bad idea. Should I really be out here, parading around with a target on my back and getting other people killed protecting me? 
While I’m distracted, a Nixan woman lunges at me, pulling me into a chokehold; a pair of vines wrap themselves around her arms and yank them back, freeing me from her grasp. I whip around to find Iraine standing behind me, my assailant tied up at her feet. 
“Thanks,” I breathe. 
She nods. “I’m sorry about this,” she tells me. 
Before I have the chance to ask her what she means, she extends an arm out to me, and my vision fades to black. The sounds of battle merge and fade out around me, and the adrenaline and fear coursing through my veins disperses, relaxing my muscles. I drop to the ground, my mind going blank as my body slips into a very much unwanted sleep. 


 
23 December: Freya 
“Behind you!” Wes yells at me, lobbing a fireball over my shoulder at some Nixan who’d been about to stab me. Spinning around, I send the man toppling to the ground with a nice roundhouse kick. 
“Move, now!” orders a voice in my head—Aysa. I grab Baz and Wes and the three of us leap out of the way a moment before a fissure rips apart the ground at our feet, created by a pack of dusties a little ways ahead of us. A bunch of Evana’s fighters fall in as the chasm grows, with the ones who can’t escape as birds tumbling to their deaths. Screams ring out as the battlefield ahead is temporarily split in two; then a few Nixans ice over the chasm and cross the gap, and the disorientation is over. 
“Back-to-back,” Wes says. “Just like in the castle.” Baz and I nod, knowing exactly what he means: it’s how we were able to get out of the castle now looming over our heads after attempting to kill Cass and King Aknes. How times have changed. 
The three of us stand together, palms outstretched, and summon jets of fire to spew at our attackers, each of us guarding the others. We’re able to keep it up for a good ten minutes, blazing through enemy after enemy; then our flames peter out along with our energy, and I find myself collapsing into the snow, exhausted. 
Baz quickly pulls me back up before I can be killed. An avian, apparently out of explosive arrows, swoops down on us with a pair of daggers in her hands—I take her out with a bullet to the wing, leaving her screeching and crashing to the ground a few yards away. 
And that’s when I notice a Sentry man standing just beyond the fallen avian, his gun aimed and ready and his wolf-yellow eyes trained on Basil. My stomach drops. 
“Baz, look out!” I push him aside just as the gun goes off and feel a blossoming, icy pain explode against my breast. With a quiet gasp I fall onto my knees, clutching my wound as blood warms my fingers. 
“Freya!” Wes shrieks, crashing down beside me. Baz gives a furious yell and takes down my shooter with a torrent of bullets, then collapses next to Wes at my side. Over the scream of the pain I feel their hands closing in around my chest, and then the world goes dark. 


 
23 December: Westrey 
Blood spurts from the wound in Freya’s chest as fast as a waterfall, drenching her jacket in red. “No, no, no,” I whisper, ripping off my own jacket and tying it as tightly as I can around her ribs and breasts. 
“Freya,” Baz says, his hands shaking as he touches Freya’s face, trying to revive her. “Wake up, Freys.” 
Freya’s body convulses, and she heaves a cough that spews droplets of blood. “That doesn’t look good,” I breathe, my heart in my throat. 
“What happened to her?” a voice demands over our heads; it’s Norah, crouching above us and fending off some of our would-be attackers. 
“She got herself shot for me,” Baz murmurs, too quietly for her to hear. 
Aysa, I think, desperately hoping to get the jnani’s attention. We need a vamp out here, now. But I don’t get any response—just as she warned would happen, Aysa is getting too many thoughts at once and can’t deal with them all. 
“Aysa’s not responding,” I tell Baz. “We need to get Freya out of here ourselves.” 
“I’ll help,” Norah says. Spreading her arms, she creates a giant electric forcefield around the four of us, repelling assailants coming to take advantage of our current compromised position. 
“We’ll carry her together,” Baz says. He slides his arms underneath Freya’s legs and I slip mine under her chest and neck, doing my best to not disturb her wound. We lift her with a pair of grunts and head for the nearest open tunnel, Norah following behind us to maintain the forcefield. 
As we run, an avian’s arrow explodes against the roof of the forcefield, causing it to temporarily flicker out of commission. “Shit,” Norah says, straining to bring it back. 
“Hurry,” I breathe to Baz as we near the tunnel entrance. He stumbles over a dead body left in the snow and nearly drops Freya. She groans in my arms, more blood trickling from the corner of her mouth. 
There’s a vamp guarding the tunnel whom we try to hand Freya over to, knowing that she could run her back to the healers much faster than we could, but she shakes her head. “I was told to guard the tunnel,” she says. “Otherwise, Evana’s people will find their way underground and use it to their advantage. I’m sorry.” 
“Fine,” I say, seething; “we’ll take her ourselves.” Norah releases us from her sputtering forcefield and ducks back into the heat of battle while Baz and I carry Freya into the tunnel, both of us panting from exertion and fear. 
The two of us run blindly through the tunnels, slamming into the walls with nearly every step. “Faster, faster, faster,” I breathe, though really we are moving slower and slower, tired and overwhelmed and listening to the terrible sounds of battle raging on over our heads. But I grit my teeth and press on, more determined than I’ve ever been before. I am not letting my sister die like this, and neither is Baz. We’ve both been through so much already, trials and dangers and betrayals that have made the two of us stronger than ever before. We’ll run Freya all the way back to camp if we have to, through two miles of darkness and pain. 
Fortunately, we don’t end up needing to—a godsend in the form of a vamp runner yells out to us from up ahead, waving a light to let us know his location. “Oh, thank God,” Baz breathes, directing us towards him. 
Vamps can see great in the dark, but Baz and I can hardly make out our savior’s figure until we’re right beside him and in the reach of his signaling light. He is chained up to a cart used to transport the injured; we lower Freya’s body onto it and buckle her into its restraints before climbing in ourselves. “Hold on to something,” the vamp warns. 
He takes off running at a pace that sends the stale underground air whistling past my ears; I grip Baz around the waist as tightly as I can, while he clutches the side of the cart with his teeth gritted against the force. It is only a moment before we emerge aboveground inside the battle camp, the dim light trickling through the tree dome nearly blinding us after the darkness of the tunnels. 
“In there,” the vamp says, pointing towards the large green tent behind us that houses the camp infirmary. “I don’t know how much luck you’ll have, though—there are only twenty healers, and not many more doctors.” 
“Thanks,” I tell him, breathless and disoriented from the ride in. Baz and I unbuckle Freya and carry her into the tent while the vamp runner returns underground with his cart. 
He was right, unfortunately, about the current state of the infirmary: it’s a madhouse inside, with doctors and healers running back and forth between portable hospital beds and patients stretched out on the grass or in vine hammocks hastily made by Sylvan guards who’d stayed behind to watch the camp. No one pays any attention to us, even when I yell out that we need help. 
“Cass is over there,” Baz murmurs, nodding to a Nixan girl asleep in one of the vine hammocks. She looks totally fine, peaceful like she’s in the middle of a good dream, and no healers are attending to her, which I find odd considering that she’s the one we’re all here fighting for. 
Baz and I shove our way over to her with Freya’s body in tow “Hey,” I say, jumping in front of a healer and stopping her in her tracks. “What the hell happened to Cass?” 
“She was put to sleep by an enemy Shade, we think,” the healer says as she sidesteps me. “She’s not hurt, but we don’t have the time to revive her.” 
“What about her?” Baz demands, indicating the body of Freya between us. “She’s going to die.” But the healer woman has already vanished back into the chaos. 
Freya begins to convulse with another round of bloody coughs. Desperately, I turn to the sleeping Cass. “We have to revive her ourselves, Baz. She can heal Freya, just like she healed you when you were shot.” 
“I hope you’re right,” Baz says quietly. “It might be our only chance.” 
We lay Freya gently down beside Cass’s hammock and begin shaking the Nixan roughly, rocking the hammock until it nearly flips over. “That Shade did a good job,” I mutter. “She’s out cold.” 
I glance back at Freya, also out cold but in a whole lot more danger. My hand lights up, and I lower the flames slowly to Cass’s neck. 
“What the hell are you doing?” Baz demands, catching my wrist before I can burn her. “You trying to kill her or something?” 
“We have to wake her up, Baz,” I insist. “For Freya.” 
Baz’s eyes drift over to my sister’s still body, silent and helpless; then he nods, releasing my wrist. “All right, then—do it.” 
I extend my fingers to Cass’s exposed skin and let my flames snap at it, inching closer and closer until her eyes finally fly open. 


 
23 December: Keira 
“There are still some avians with arrows,” Caphian’s voice calls out through our mind-link. “We need to get rid of them.” 
At his command, a giant flock of birds rises up from the snow to confront the avians overhead. Laena had taught Aysa how to alter the Sentry mind-link a bit so that all the Sentries fighting for Cass, no matter which province we come from, can communicate during the battle, something that has proven to be very helpful so far. And though I’m still pissed at Caphian for not letting me be a part of Cass’s Sentry guard, I’m glad that he’s the one telling us all what to do. 
Leaving my battle partner Salene to deal with the Shade we’d been tag-teaming, I shift into my kite form and shoot upwards after the other Sentries. I quickly select an avian man with several arrows left in his quiver—he’s nocking one right now, his gaze trained on a group of Wardens nearby who’ve been separated from anyone on Evana’s side—and change into a tree sparrow as I approach him, hating how the smaller form slows me down midair but needing to avoid attracting the guy’s attention. 
Just before he looses his arrow, I land on his back as a wolf, right between his shoulders, and snap his left wing’s radius bone with a powerful bite. The avian shrieks and begins to lose altitude; I jump off again in sparrow form and flit away before he can retaliate. 
Returning to the ground as a wolf, I bound forward through the chaos, looking for my next enemy; instead, I spot a very familiar figure just ahead of me, taking on a couple of Nixans with a pair of long knives. Feolan. 
I leap onto one of the Nixans and pull him down into the fray while Feolan finishes off the other one. Once they’re dealt with, I shift back into human form to confront my former shifter acquaintance, panting and crossing my arms. “When did you get here?” 
“A while ago,” he says over the noise of the battle. “I just didn’t care much for your camp. Too many people.” He raises his eyebrows at me, a twinkle in his dark faedra eyes. “I heard about your Katyri stunt. Impressive.” 
“Didn’t work as well as I wanted it to,” I admit, stabbing an attacker in the chest without missing a beat. “Evana claimed it was an Old Magic illusion, which it definitely was not, and everyone believed her, of course.” 
“Show them they were wrong, then,” Feolan says. “You look impressive fighting as a regular wolf; imagine how you’d be as Katyri.” 
I glance behind me and all around the battlefield, taking in the countless fighting Novans ripping each other to pieces. Biting my lip, I turn back to Feolan. “Not a bad idea. I don’t have my ice-glass, though—can you turn me invisible?” 
Feolan nods and does as I say. Tuning out the fighting, I think of Katyri until I become her, falling onto my hands and feeling the indescribable and unpleasant sensation of giant wings tearing through my back. Feolan restores me to visibility, and I take off across the snow, shoving past everyone in my way. I spread my wings as soon as I have enough speed and space, and I take to the sky with a powerful leap. 
The battle seems to stop as I soar above it, just over the heads of the ground fighters. As with the last time I was Katyri, no one dares shoot at me; the wintry air is filled with the scents of shock and fear. 
I find a gang of priests clad in white, stationed near the castle to create sheins, and fly straight for them. The Nixans make an open-mouthed retreat as I approach, giving me plenty of space to land on the snow in front of them. I fold back my wings and give them a long, fierce growl. 
Evana steps out onto the castle balcony over our heads, looking nervous. “It’s an illusion,” she tells the priests, just like she had before. “Created by the Wardens to fool us into believing our goddess is on their side.” 
Tentatively, the priest at the front of the group extends a hand to my face. I let him touch me, his fingers going up my nose and over an ear. “I sense no Old Magic,” he claims; “and no aura at all. Like a real animal.” 
“Their magic is powerful,” Evana insists, her voice rising. “It is not Old Magic—it is something else entirely, a dark magic we can’t detect. Nixa would never send Katyri in support of an army of Wardens.” 
“Not in support of the Wardens,” one of the priests says, sounding awed. “In support of Cassatia Loraveire.” 
I glance up at Evana, seeing and smelling her fear even from this distance. Evana is the High Priestess—if her own priests turn on her, she’s screwed. Perfect. I should’ve done this a long time ago. 
Backing away from the priests, I take off again, sensing their gazes fixed on me as I circle the battlefield before disappearing into the trees beyond the city, leaving no traces of myself behind. 


 
23 December: Cassatia 
Instinctively my body jerks away from the shock of searing heat as I snap to consciousness, my eyes opening to find Wes and Basil crouching over me in a vine hammock. Wes snuffs out the fire he holds in his hand. 
“What the hell?” I demand, pulling myself up and tumbling gracelessly from the hammock. I raise a hand to the side of my neck where Wes’s flame had burnt me and feel it throb with pain. “Were you trying to kill me?” 
“No,” Wes insists, “I was trying to wake you up.” He points to the body of Freya behind him, unconscious and covered in blood. “None of the healers have time to help her, so we need you to.” 
“Oh.” I raise my fingers to my temples, shaking the grogginess from my brain. “Right. Of course.” Nodding, I crouch over Freya and unwrap the jacket around her chest to place my hands over her bullet wound. Tendrils of ice spread from my fingers, reaching deep inside Freya’s chest and expelling the bullet before patching together the ruptured veins and arteries around it. It’s surprisingly easy: I feel full of energy after my unexpected nap, and I’m able to use some of it to heal both Freya’s and my own injuries without completely draining myself. 
My unexpected nap courtesy of Iraine, of course. 
As I finish up with Freya’s wound, memories of the moments before I was knocked out begin to resurface. Iraine had been the one to put me to sleep—but why? Had someone asked her to, to get me away from the battle? 
“Is that the best you can do?” Basil demands. “It still looks nasty.” 
“Iraine’s the one who knocked me out,” I say. “She’s the reason I’m in here.” 
“Iraine?” Wes raises his eyebrows as Freya lets out a moan. “No; she wouldn’t.” 
Basil’s eyes dart between us. “You think Iraine flipped to Evana’s side or something?” 
“I don’t think so,” I murmur. “If she wanted me dead, she would’ve left me on the battlefield—she must’ve had Aysa send a vamp runner to bring me back here.” I stand up, the world spinning and flipping around me. 
“My queen,” cries a woman behind me; she runs over and places her hands on my shoulders. “You’re awake, thank Nixa.” It takes me a second to recognize her: Venry, one of my uncle’s best healers. She looks exhausted, her face drained of color and her hair a tangled mess of frizz. “I’m sorry we didn’t revive you earlier, but we didn’t—” 
“It’s all right,” I interrupt, pointing to Freya. “I’m fine, but she’s not. I need you to do whatever you can to help her.” 
“Of course, my queen,” Venry says, kneeling down beside Freya to examine her wound. Wes nods his thanks to me. Satisfied, I turn to head for the infirmary tent’s exit, still wobbling a bit. 
“Wait—where are you going?” Basil calls. 
“To get some answers,” I reply. “I want to know what the hell is going on.” 
I have a hunch that Aysa will be back in my tent, so I take off for it, running and stumbling at the same time. I throw back the tent flap to find that I was right—Aysa is crumpled up amongst my blankets with Rhody pawing at her knees, her head buried in her hands. She doesn’t even notice me until I kneel down beside her. 
“Cass,” she says, her eyes unfocused when they settle on me. “You’re here.” 
I wrap my arms around her and pull her into a hug. You look dead. 
“I feel dead,” she admits. “There are too many thoughts, too many people hurt…I can’t handle them all.” She pulls away from me, just a little. “I thought you were asleep.” 
Yeah, Iraine knocked me out. I narrow my eyes. But you already knew that. 
Immediately Aysa turns away from me, and that’s when I realize she definitely knows more than she’s letting on. “I couldn’t look too deeply into all the incoming requests for help,” she says. 
I’m sure you paid attention to the request about me, though. Heart pounding, I lift her chin and force her to meet my eyes. Was that planned? What aren’t you telling me? 
Aysa grabs my wrist, her lips trembling. “Cass, please don’t,” she begs. 
No, Aysa, I insist. People are dying out there. You have to tell me what’s going on. How can I ever trust you if you don’t? 
Tears are welling up in her eyes now, but every sign of her pain only makes me want to push her harder. Something’s been going on behind my back, something big. Tell me, I say firmly, as much of an order as I can make it. 
“She made me swear not to, Cass,” Aysa protests. “She knew you would never let her—but it’s the only way.” 
Who are you talking about? I think I already know the answer, though, somewhere deep in my mind. My whole body goes numb. 
“Keira,” Aysa replies, even the thought a whisper. “I’m so sorry, Cass.” 
And then she opens her mind up to me, and I see her with Keira, hatching their secret plot far away from me. Aysa and Iraine and Roery and Jordi—all of them have known about this for days and days, and none of them told me anything. 
I shove Aysa away and storm out of the tent. No, no, no. This can’t be happening. Not Keira. Not her. 
My best friend is about to get herself killed for me, and there’s only one way to stop her. 


 
23 December: Westrey 
Freya gasps awake after a couple minutes of Venry’s efforts, mumbling curses and feeling the dried blood around her lips. Venry has healed her wound almost completely, the slight pinkish tinge to the damaged skin being the only sign that Freya was ever injured. 
“Sit up slowly,” the healer warns, helping my sister lift her head. “I healed your wounds, but you lost a lot of blood.” Venry now looks more tired than Freya does, her face flushed and sweaty despite the cold. “I’ll see if I can find you an empty bed.” 
Baz takes Venry’s place supporting Freya as the healer rushes off in search of a bed. My sister fixes me with her gaze, reaching shakily for my hand. “What happened to me?” she breathes. “I can’t remember.” 
“You took a bullet in the chest for Baz,” I tell her as I squeeze her fingers. 
“Mmm.” Freya collapses against Baz’s side. “How romantic of me.” 
“Indeed,” Baz agrees. He kisses her forehead. “You almost died, Freys. I was so scared.” His voice sounds just as shaky as Freya’s. 
“I’ve almost died more times than I can count,” Freya says. “I’m thinking I might be immortal at this point.” She presses her face into Baz’s, her eyes returning to me. “Are we winning, Wes? Do you know?” 
I shake my head. “No clue, but I think something weird is going on. Cass went to try and figure it out.” 
“Cass?” 
“Iraine had her put to sleep,” Baz says. “We have no idea why.” 
“Wes.” It’s Cass’s voice—I turn to find her running through the infirmary towards us, wide-eyed and agitated. I release my sister’s hand and jump to my feet before she reaches us, my mouth going dry. 
“Wes, I need your help,” Cass gasps. “Keira’s going to sacrifice herself to end the battle, and we have to stop her.” 
My heart slams against my chest hard enough to hurt. Keira. This must be her secret plan, the one I always suspected she had. And this is why she kept it from me. Of course. 
I swallow, giving Cass a tiny nod. “All right. I’ll come with you.” Then I fall to my knees and wrap Baz and Freya up in a hug until Freya makes a choking sound and I realize I’m gripping them too tight. “Sorry,” I murmur, letting go. 
Baz looks taken aback. “What was that about?” 
I tug at my hair. “I don’t know. I just…you two are the only family I have. I love you guys.” 
“We love you too, Wes,” says Freya, smiling a little. 
Baz looks quickly to her, then back at me. “Do you need me to come with you?” he asks quietly. “Because I will.” 
I shake my head. “No—stay here with Freya. Cass and I can do this ourselves. You guys will be okay, right?” 
“Unless someone tries to blow up the infirmary,” Freya says, “we’ll be fine. Go save your girl, Wes.” 
I give her and Baz a final, gentler hug before turning back to Cass, anxiously tapping her foot a few steps behind us. “Let’s go save our girl, then,” I tell her. 


 
23 December: Keira 
It isn’t too long after I return to the battle following my Katyri appearance that Evana reemerges on the castle balcony, her voice amplified to be heard all across the city. “In Nixa’s name, stop fighting!” she yells, her order sudden and unexpected enough to make people on both sides obey. I begin to shove my way through the crowd towards her, knowing exactly where this is going. 
“This battle is not what the Goddess would want from us,” Evana says. “Too much Novan blood has already been spilled today—I can’t bear to see any more of it. So I’ve decided that we should settle this the way our ancestors settled their battle for the throne hundreds of years ago, with words and compromise. Another Eiran Covenant, negotiated under the supervision of Nixa in the Great Temple.” 
Yes yes yes yes yes. I throw a shawl over my head as I continue forward, lightening my hair and changing my face into Cass’s for a second time. I’m already wearing the same outfit as her, my white combat boots stained with blood. “I’d like to invite Cassatia Loraveire to meet with me,” Evana continues, “and negotiate a new covenant with the Goddess’s blessing.” 
“I accept your invitation,” says a voice off to my side. 
My head snaps up, my shawl fluttering to the ground—I know that voice all too well. I strain my neck and stand on tiptoe to try and find the speaker. Nixa, please, please no. 
And there is Cass, the real Cass, stepping through a parted crowd with her gaze fixed on Evana. “I agree,” she says. “This is between you and me. There’s no need for anyone else to die for us.” 
The world lurches under my feet; I feel like I’m about to collapse in on myself. This can’t be happening. Cass is supposed to be back in our camp, asleep and blissfully unaware of what’s going on. And yet here she is, about to take the fall for this plan—my plan. It’s the exact opposite of what I’d wanted, my worst nightmare come to life. 
I glance around wildly, not sure how I possibly could fix this. And then I catch the eyes of Feolan, watching me curiously from ten yards away. Ducking my head, I barrel my way up to him, looking to him desperately. My last hope. 
“You have to help me,” I say. “Please.” 


 
23 December: Cassatia 
Swallowing, I step carefully through the snow towards Evana, refusing to let my eyes stray to anyone or anything else. Two avians emerge behind Evana and she drapes her arms around them; they take off and fly her gracefully down to the ground. 
As I pass through a tightly-packed throng of fighters, I trip over a dead Sylvan sprawled at my feet and almost faceplant. Recomposing myself, I gingerly climb over the body and press forward, calming my rapid breaths. Be strong be strong be strong, I repeat over and over again to myself. Be strong be strong be strong be strong be strong. 
I stop just feet away from Evana; she gives me a small nod, her icy gaze cold and empty. Silently the two of us walk together to the Great Temple beside the castle, feeling like the eyes of the entire world are on our backs. 
The Temple is empty and still, the glass panes over our heads letting in the weak morning sunlight. Clenching my fists, I follow Evana down the carpeted hall and into the darkness that consumes the back of the Temple. 
Just in front of the giant ice-glass stone and fires against the Temple’s back wall waits a table with two seats, filled glasses of bloodwine set out at each end. Every instinct inside of me screams to turn around and run away, knowing all too well what’s in the wine I’m about to drink; but I can’t, because this is what Keira was going to do for me, and I have to be just as brave as her. 
Goodbye, Keira, I think, tears welling in my eyes. Goodbye Aysa, and Rhody, and Aren. I wonder how they’ll react when they find out what I’ve done—though I suppose Keira and Aysa already know. 
“Have a seat, Cass,” Evana offers. 
I obey, approaching the nearest seat until I’m staring directly down into one of the glasses of bloodwine. But before I can sit, I realize something that makes my heart sink beneath my ribs. No. 
“Have a seat,” Evana repeats with an edge to her voice. 
I whirl around to meet her eyes. “You called me Cass,” I say. 
“Of course I did,” she snaps. “That’s your name, isn’t it?” 
“You never call me Cass. My father never did, because it’s what my mother called me. So you don’t, either.” Shit. Frantically I grab the wood of the table, the chair, the glass of wine, watching the liquid death swirl around inside of it. “This isn’t real,” I breathe. “None of this is real.” 
And then the glass vanishes from between my fingers, and the table and chairs and everything else disappears, leaving only the ice-glass stone and the fires. Gasping, I turn around and find a man standing where Evana had been only moments ago. 
“Who the hell are you?” I demand, backing up. 
“Feolan,” the man replies. Feolan, the faedra Keira had met with the Warden boys. The one who’s an expert in Old Magic sheins. 
“Cass!” a voice yells from down the hall. Wes emerges into the firelight behind Feolan, red-faced and out of breath. “It’s a shein, Cass—Keira’s with Evana!” 
“I think she’s figured that out,” Feolan says quietly. 
“Keira tricked me,” I whisper, my vision going blurry. “Again.” 
“I’m sorry, Cass,” Feolan says. “But it only made sense. You can’t die, not now.” 
How? My thoughts flash back to when I tripped over that Sylvan man’s body, how no one seemed to blink an eye when I pulled myself up. That must have been when it happened, when Keira stepped into my shoes and I entered Feolan’s shein, vanishing from the view of everyone else. 
Anger like I’ve never felt before ignites my insides. With a yell, I lunge for Feolan and pin him back against the wall. His eyes go wide, his body stiff underneath my icy hands. 
I lean into him until I’m close enough to taste his breaths. “Where is she?” I hiss. “Where is Keira?” 


 
23 December: Keira 
“You’ve never seen this place before,” Evana comments as she leads me off of the stone platform and into the City of Priests beneath the Great Temple. It’s beautiful and bright and empty, with lampposts and orbs of light floating amongst a village of sparkling ice. Wes had described it to me once, but words could never do a place like this justice. 
“No,” I murmur, unable to pull my eyes away from the giant ice sculpture in the City’s center, a fierce Nixa astride Katyri. “It’s beautiful.” I can easily imagine the space filled with white-clad priests and priestesses running around deep beneath the earth, as they would be were there not a battle going on over our heads. 
Evana smiles at me, smug and triumphant. She is completely convinced that I’m Cass—she has no reason to doubt it. My aura is a Nixan’s, I’m wearing no ice-glass, and shifters haven’t been able to change their human appearance in over a thousand years. 
Evana leads me right up to the giant sculpture, where one of Katyri’s wings touches the ground and a tunnel between two feathers opens up into a staircase made of ice. I climb inside a step behind Evana, the icy stairs reflecting a beautiful rainbow of color. This certainly isn’t the worst place in the world to die. 
At the top of the stairs is a hall lined with sculptures of priests—Evana takes me down it and into a little room off to the side with pictures of Nixa and Katyri carved into its circular walls of ice. An ice table adorned with even more carvings and little orbs of light suspended above it stands in the middle of the room; Laena the jnani sits in the seat to the right of the table’s head. 
Gritting my teeth, I take my seat at the other end of the table. The coldness of the ice bites at my skin, but I can’t show any discomfort; I’m supposed to be a Nixan, after all. 
Evana sits across from me beside Laena, clasping her hands together and looking me right in the eyes. “So you want to negotiate,” she says. “Create a new Eiran Covenant.” 
“That’s exactly what I want.” I lean forward. “You give me the Western Province, just as the Carastens were once given the Eastern Province, and you can have Svalbard and the queenship to yourself.” 
“You are not entitled to the Western Province,” Evana sneers. “You are a naïve teenage girl from a privileged, sheltered life who has managed to do unspeakable harm to her people.” She narrows her eyes at me. “Unlike you, I’ve had to spend my life struggling and sacrificing to get to where I am now. My parents were teachers and bakers, not dukes and duchesses. And yet I have worked my way up to become High Priestess of this city, and soon I will be even more.” Her lips curl back like a snarling animal’s. “This battle today was meant to put an end to Nixa’s War once and for all. You and nearly half of your army were meant to be fighting at my side—if you were, we would have won easily and finally coerced the Wardens into submission. You instead chose to ally with our enemies and force us to a draw, leaving the war to continue on for another day.” 
“I want to end the war, too,” I say. “But there are better ways to end it than on a battlefield.” 
“There are no other ways,” Evana growls. “If you knew more of the world, you would understand that.” She sighs. “But you and your followers leave me no choice. So I will take your deal, and give you the province you feel so deserving of.” 
“Good.” I stand to shake Evana’s hand, her grip fragile and firm at the same time. “Avtalte.” 
Evana turns and gestures for a red-haired avian girl with a broken arm to enter the room—her name is Chleo, according to Roery. She holds a bottle of dark red wine that she pours into a large chalice in the center of the table before disappearing out the back doors. 
“Now we must seal our pact with bloodwine, as the Heilagurs and Carastens once sealed theirs,” Evana says. The two of us take our seats again; my hands begin to shake, so I force them into tight fists. 
I try not to keep my eyes too closely glued to Evana as she picks up the chalice and takes a long sip, sighing with contentment. “I’ve always wanted to taste bloodwine,” she tells me. “Thank you for that, Cassatia.” She sets down the chalice and slides it across the table to me. 
Swallowing, I peer down into it; it’s more than half empty now, but it only takes the tiniest bit of draugr potion to kill. It’s the most deadly poison in existence—even if Evana had a team of the best healers in the world on hand, they could not save her from it. But draugr potion is a magic potion, created from some magic too ancient for even the priests to understand: in order to kill with it, a sacrifice must first be made. The one who wants to kill must drink the potion, too, and die with their victim. 
When Evana had Fenris poisoned, she used a nameless Nixan artisan seeking revenge as the potion’s second drinker. Today, it’s going to be me. I take a deep breath and raise the chalice to my lips. 
The doors into the hallway burst open with a sudden bang; stiffening, I look up to find Wes rushing in and waving around a fire-gun. “Don’t drink it,” he tells me. The chalice slips from my fingers and clatters back onto the table. 
“Oh, perfect,” Evana says brightly. “One of your Warden friends. I can deal with you together.” She makes a tiny gesture, and the doors behind her are karate-kicked down to reveal four armed avian men. They line up behind her and Laena, their guns aimed at Wes and me. 
“You look surprised, Cassatia,” Evana says. “Did you really think I’d come down here with no backup? I was never going to let you walk out of here alive.” She gives me her worst smile yet. “It’s Nixa’s will for me to rule—you are a heretic for going against her wishes, and so she had you struck down as soon as you entered her holy City of Priests.” 
“I promise you, Evana,” I say, “I’m not surprised by any of that.” Keeping one eye trained on her, I return the rest of my attention to Wes. “What the hell are you doing here?” 
“We weren’t just going to let you kill yourself, Keira.” Now it’s Cass who steps into the room, her arms crossed and her gaze fiery. My stomach clenches—no. Not again. Great Goddess, this cannot be happening right now. 
Evana’s smile falters. She glances between me and Cass, both of us appearing exactly the same minus our markedly different expressions. “Keira,” she murmurs. “How did you….” 
With no need to pretend anymore, I revert my features back to my own and rise to my feet. Evana’s avian guards mutter curses, and something clicks behind the priestess’s eyes. 
“Grab the chalice,” she breathes to one of the guards. 
I lunge for it at the same time as a black-haired avian; he throws me off my feet with a blast of wind and takes the chalice. Wes fires his gun at Evana—she catches him aiming, though, and throws Laena’s body in front of hers. The jnani takes a bullet to the heart and collapses with a shriek. 
At the same moment, another couple of avians charge into the room behind Wes and Cass, grabbing them by the necks and tackling them to the ground. Wes’s guard rips his fire-gun away from him and flings it across the floor before it can burn him. Cass screams as her guard raises a blade to her throat, struggling to fight him off, but he keeps her flattened against the ground with his wind. 
I stumble to my feet, my mind racing to try and come up with a way out of this. The guard with the bloodwine chalice has generated a barrier of wind around himself, safely preventing any attacks from reaching him; the three guards left beside Evana create an even thicker barrier in front of them as they flank the priestess protectively. Evana glares down at the lifeless body of Laena with distaste curling her lips. 
“She betrayed me,” Evana growls over the roar of the wind. “She almost let you trick me into my death.” She kicks at the body. “I was told that no jnani would ever break a vrata.” 
“Not until now,” I tell her. “You managed to be such a horrible person that we could convince Laena to break thousands of years of tradition to take you down.” 
“You didn’t take me down, though,” Evana says. “Your little trick was impressive, Keira Serasul, but you never drank the poison. Now you’re outnumbered, and you are going to watch your friends die right before your eyes. There is nothing you can do.” 
“Maybe not,” says Wes from underneath his avian’s blade. “But you forgot about me.” He lifts an eyebrow. “You might be an expert in detecting Old Magic, but apparently not while you’re busy fearing for your life.” 
Wes’s body, a shein so powerful it could fool all the senses, vanishes from beneath the guard; the man’s blade slices through the now-empty air and embeds itself in the icy floor. 
The real Wes materializes beside the man with the bloodwine chalice, Chleo the avian at his side. Chleo flings out her good arm and uses her power to neutralize the wind bubble around the guard, and Wes shoots him point-blank with his very-much-intact fire-gun, ripping the chalice from his hands. 
“No, Wes,” I breathe. “Not you. Shit.” 
But Wes can’t hear me, and even if he could he wouldn’t listen. He tips back the chalice and drains it in a single swig. 
Evana lets out a shriek of horror. She keels over, retching; the guards flanking her kneel around her helplessly, their wind barrier petering out. The two avians who’d been holding down Cass and shein-Wes run to her side as well, screaming her name. 
“Wes,” I whisper. It’s just about all I can manage. 
Wes turns to meet my eyes, his lips pulled up in a shadow of a smile. Then he falls to the floor. 


 
23 December: Westrey 
A frozen fire has ignited somewhere within my chest, growing stronger and more painful with every heartbeat. Stars swim in my eyes, darkening my vision. 
But I have no trouble seeing Keira as she crouches beside me and pulls my head into her lap, her hands shaking fiercely. “Your skin is freezing, Wes,” she chokes out. “Like a Nixan’s.” 
I let out a laugh, my chest screaming as it heaves. “That’s all you have to say?” 
“I don’t have anything to say.” She’s crying, the tears slipping silently down her cheeks. “I can’t believe you just did that. I’m the one who’s supposed to die. Not you, not Cass. This was my plan, Wes.” She shakes her head, her breaths rattling nearly as much as mine. “Why did you do it? Why did you stop me?” 
I raise a weak, cold hand up to her face, wiping away her tears before they can freeze on her cheeks. “I couldn’t let you die,” I say simply. 
Keira catches my hand. “You can’t sacrifice everything for me—you can’t,” she insists. “What about Freya? And Baz and Iraine? You’d rather die for me than live for them?” She presses my fingers against her forehead. “You should’ve thrown me that stupid chalice,” she murmurs. “I was supposed to drink it, Wes.” 
“I didn’t drink it for you, stupid.” Maybe a little bit, but not entirely. My gaze moves to Cass, pressed against the wall with the red-haired avian and watching our exchange with wide, startled eyes. “Cass is going to be queen now, and she can’t do it without you. The two of you were always meant to rule together.” My breaths begin to hollow out, but I fight to keep the air in my lungs. “You guys and Fenella and the Wardens…you’re going to create a whole new world that’s better than anything the Novans have seen before. I know you are. And in order for that to happen, I had to do this.” 
“Wes.” Keira runs her hand softly through the curls of my hair. “I think…I think I was starting to fall in love with you, Doorstep.” 
“Mmm,” I say. “I know.” My eyes draw shut, and I bury my face in her chest. 
“Shit,” she breathes. “I wanted you dead myself once. But now, I don’t think I can bear it.” Trembling, she lowers her head to mine. 
“I’m sorry.” 
“It’s okay.” She grips me around the ears. “It’s okay.” 
“Tell Baz and Freya…tell them I love them. I already did, but tell them again. Please.” 
“I will,” Keira whispers. 
“And tell Iraine that I hope she’ll finally get to be happy, even if she did help out with your stupid plan. She deserves it.” 
“I will, Wes.” 
“Goodbye, Keira.” My words are only wisps of breath now. “Wherever I end up, I’m pretty sure I’m gonna miss you.” 
“I’m gonna miss you more, Doorstep.” I feel Keira’s lips press against my forehead in a kiss, long and hard and wet with tears. I smile. It’s the last thing I ever feel, and one of the best. 


 
23 December: Aysa 
I have never been very skilled at channeling the power of ice-glass, but the emotions and adrenaline coursing through me are enough to keep me invisible all the way from the dustie tunnels to the Great Temple, where I find Feolan chained up against the wall with icy shackles fashioned by Cass after her interrogation of him over Keira’s whereabouts. 
I help Feolan burn off his shackles with one of the little fires circling the ice-glass stone, calling a vamp to take him out before returning to wait by the stone for Cass and Keira to emerge. I feel the outpouring of acute pain and sorrow from down beneath my feet, so strong I can sense it without needing to expand my cast-range. The emotion makes me want to curl up and cry, but I know I can’t. I have to stay strong. 
Finally I feel the Temple floor begin to tremble and vibrate, its back wall shifting out of place to reveal three figures illuminated by the firelight, each of them holding a lifeless, thoughtless body. Cass steps out first with Laena; I brush my fingers gently across the jnani’s forehead. “Thank you,” I try to send to her, even though I know I can’t. 
Then comes Chleo the avian holding Evana—my eyes go wide at the sight of the fallen priestess. The Old Magic that had once cloaked her has now washed away, leaving her blonde tresses sprinkled with gray hairs and crow’s feet wrinkles around her eyes. She is still beautiful, of course, even without the shein, but now she looks much more human. 
And then Keira is the only one left on the stone platform, Wes’s body cradled in her arms. The emotions emanating from her are all too familiar to me—they’re the exact same emotions I felt when Avi was killed: the crushing grief, the shock and trauma of losing someone so quickly, the guilt of feeling responsible for it all. The heaviness weighing down Keira’s shoulders is potent to the point where I’m surprised she’s able to stand. She doesn’t stand for long, though—she collapses with Wes beside the ice-glass rock, the surrounding fires sending shadows flickering across her skin. 
The surviving avian guards that Evana had brought into the City of Priests with her remain belowground, tending to their own dead; they’d let the others go without a fight. None of them were loyal to Evana, not really—now that she’s gone, there’s nothing left here for them to fight for. 
Cass doesn’t notice me standing in the firelight for the longest time, and when she does, I barely register in her mind. Her thoughts are scattered and racing as she struggles to process everything that’s happened. She was going to die, then Keira was going to die, and finally it was Wes who gave his life. A Warden she’d always been wary of, maybe even a little jealous of—and he’d sacrificed himself to save Keira’s life and make Cass queen. She doesn’t know how to feel about any of it. 
She sets Laena’s body down beside Evana’s, and I step forward to take her hand, finally bringing her to acknowledge me. What are you doing here? she asks. 
“I wanted to be here for you.” I glance at Keira, still hunched over Wes’s body. “I’m so sorry I didn’t tell you. We couldn’t—we knew you’d never let her go through with it.” 
I wouldn’t, she agrees. And neither would Wes. He died for her, Aysa. For me. 
“He died for this, Cass.” I point down the hall of the Great Temple to the blindingly white patch of light that marks its entrance, beyond which wait thousands and thousands of people. Their anticipation and curiosity is so strong, it nearly screams inside my head. “Wes knew that you wouldn’t be able to face your destiny without Keira—her death would break you, and nothing would be able to fix it. I should have realized it, too; you can’t be queen without her at your side.” But right now, at least, Cass can’t have that—for once, Keira is not thinking of her friend, her mind consumed by the body of the dead Warden boy in front of her. So it’s up to me to be Cass’s support as she takes her first steps outside as queen. 
Cass swallows as she looks out towards the Temple entrance. I don’t want to go out there, she confesses. I’m not ready. Not after all this. 
“You can make yourself ready, Cass.” I caress her fingers in mine. “This is what we’ve all been fighting for. You have to do this—for Wes, and for Laena, and for everyone else who’s given their lives today. They died for this moment.” 
Cass bites her lip, glancing back at Keira one last time. Okay, she agrees. Let’s go. 
Hand in hand, we make our way down the hall towards the light. Cass’s lips are quivering, her posture weak and bent. She doesn’t look anything like a triumphant queen about to claim her throne. 
“You have to be strong,” I say, stopping. “Just for a minute, okay? You have to prove yourself to everyone who doesn’t believe in you already.” 
Cass squeezes my hand as she lifts her chin and takes a second to steady her breaths. She brushes back her hair and squares her shoulders, putting on the best façade she’s capable of. I give her an encouraging nod and lead her forward again. 
We step outside into the snow, facing the waiting crowd head-on. Though it’s the last thing I want to do, I let go of Cass’s hand and move away from her, urging her forward alone. 
I close my eyes and cast my mind-voice out into the heads of everyone in New Fauske. “I present to you Queen Cassatia Loraveire,” I say, “the chosen ruler of Nixa’s Kingdom.” 
There’s a long pause, with minds whirling and bodies frozen; then suddenly, in a wave that spreads throughout the city, Nixans and Wardens and Sentries alike fall to their knees and bow, murmuring the new queen’s name. 
Cass turns back to me nervously, not sure what she should do. “Take it in,” I tell her, trying my best for a smile. “This is your moment. Finally, you’ve become a queen.” 


 
23 December: Keira 
Basil and Freya are waiting outside the battle camp when I return with Wes’s body—they’ve already been told what happened to him. They follow me with their eyes as I approach, not having the strength to come over themselves; I hardly have the strength myself, but I manage to make it to them, knowing I have no other choice. 
The two of them collapse beside his body, cradling his limbs and hair and every inch of his skin. Freya crumples against his chest while Baz presses his forehead against his friend’s, his body heaving with quiet sobs. 
I leave them to mourn on their own, feeling like I already had my chance back in the City of Priests. They were his family, not me. I was just…I don’t know what I was, exactly, but not that. 
I remember how I’d felt when Delphi died during the Sentry trials, like a black hole had opened up within my chest. I feel the same way today—even worse, actually. Somehow, against every ounce of better judgment in my body, I’d fallen for a Warden boy. And then he’d died to save me. 
I don’t think I’ll ever forgive myself for letting him. 
❄❄❄ 
In the days following the battle, I learn quite a bit about the funerary customs of the different Novan orders. The Warden dead are cremated in a giant fire outside the city overseen by Fenella; the Sylvans are buried by hand with no coffins or graves, close friends and family members growing beautiful trees over the bodies of their loved ones. The Nixans freeze their dead, of course, and bury them in the gigantic crypt underneath the castle. The Sentries who died are buried with them. 
We hold off on Wes’s funeral until after nearly all of the others; pretty much everyone who’d fought for Cass wants to attend, so we decide to hold it in the throne room of New Fauske’s castle. His body is laid to rest inside an ornate black coffin painted with licks of red and orange fire by Roery and Freya. Cass has had her father’s throne removed from the center platform, and Wes’s coffin has been planted in its place. The entire ground floor and the landings above are filled with grim-faced mourners. I stand with Cass and Aysa near the front of the crowd, my friend Salene hovering a few yards behind. All of us are wearing dark blue gowns, the standard dress for Nixa-worshippers at funerals—most of the other Nixa-worshippers wear the same. Wes was an infidel, of course, but the familiarity of ritual is strangely comforting. 
Freya and Baz stand at the head of Wes’s coffin with Fenella and her council, all of them dressed in black. Baz’s father has a hand on his son’s shoulder; I know he’d never liked Wes, but today his head is bent in very real grief. Wes’s sacrifice has elevated him from a troublemaking pariah among the Wardens to a hero. Too bad he’s not around to see it. 
Fenella steps forward to start the ceremony. She’s just been elected as Rome’s new High Chief Warden, but her stance now doesn’t reflect it—she looks vulnerable, on the cusp of breaking. “Thank you all for coming,” she says. “Most of you did not know Westrey Dorsan personally—but today we are here to celebrate the life of the Warden who gave his life to take down the High Priestess Evana and set us on the path to create a new Novan world.” Her eyes go to Cass in the crowd. “I promise you all, as High Chief Warden, I will spend the rest of my life working with Cassatia Loraveire and her people to ensure that Wes’s death was not in vain.” 
“Avtalte,” murmur some of the Nixans in the crowd. Fenella tenses when she hears it, then relaxes with a nod. 
“Wes’s sacrifice saved countless lives that otherwise would have been lost in battle,” Fenella continues. “I’m honored to have known him. And I’m honored to know these two as well,” she says, gesturing to Baz and Freya. “Without them—” Fenella clears her throat, her words trailing off, before recomposing herself and pressing on. “Without them, Westrey would not have been the person he was. They loved him when none of the rest of us did. Thank whatever gods are out there that he had these two, because for most of his life, they were just about all he had.” Fenella hesitates for a moment, her words stuck on the tip of her tongue; then she bows out of the way, Freya stepping up to take her place. 
I wait for Freya to say something, but she never does. She sweeps the crowd of mourners with her gaze, slowly taking in the sight; then she nods, satisfied, and lowers a hand to Wes’s open coffin. Wes is dressed in dark robes inside, his arms crossed gently over his chest. Tears begin to gather in my eyes as everyone’s attention shifts to him. Cass takes my hand, stroking her thumb across my knuckles. 
Gently Freya unbraids one of the feathers from her hair—a golden one—and sets it beside Wes’s head. “Goodbye, Wes,” she says, too quietly for anyone not standing near her to hear. “I love you; I always will.” 
She lights her hand on fire and squeezes Wes’s shoulder until the flames catch and spread. Baz leans forward to do the same beside her, then Fenella and Cesil and the rest of the Warden council. Soon there is a wreath of flame rising from the coffin, Wes’s body hidden within it. A Warden can never be burned during life, but in death, his body will return to ash, consumed by the fire he’d once commanded. 
I cover my mouth to stifle a sob. Great Nixa, I’d loved him. I really, really had. And as we all silently watch his body burn down to nothing, smoke filling our lungs and stinging our eyes, I know that a piece of myself is burning away, too. 


 
28 December: Freya 
The night after Wes’s funeral, I wind up eating a silent dinner with Baz and Iraine in the castle mess hall, supposedly the place where the castle’s shifter servants used to take their meals before everything in the world turned upside down. 
Baz taps his food with his fork, moving it around on his plate without eating it. I don’t have much of an appetite, either, and my hand is trembling worse than it has in months; I don’t think I could hold a utensil with it if I tried. 
“What are we supposed to do now, Freys?” Baz asks me quietly. 
“I don’t think there’s anything we’re supposed to do anymore,” I mutter. “The war is over, and Wes is gone. What’s left?” If I hadn’t been captured by Sentries two years ago, I’d be in the middle of my last year of high school right now, applying to colleges and going out into the Sen world for a bit before coming back to work for Ignacio or the Warden leadership or something else that’s normal for people like me. But none of that seems right anymore, not after everything that’s happened. 
“Can I sit here?” a voice asks behind me—I turn around and find Cass hovering over us, all alone. It’s rare to find her without Aysa or Keira at her side, especially now. I’m surprised she isn’t accompanied by Sentry bodyguards or something, though I also can’t imagine her accepting any offers for protection considering how determined she was to fight on the front lines last week. 
“Sure,” Iraine says, giving the new queen a weak smile. 
Cass takes the seat beside mine, her food tray empty except for a bit of rice and vegetables. “I kind of wanted to talk to you guys,” she admits. “Especially after everything with Wes.” 
I push my tray away. “What’s there to talk about?” 
Cass lets out a sigh of a breath. “Wes wasn’t the one who was supposed to die,” she says. “It was supposed to be Keira, and then I took her place…but when we ended up in the City of Priests with Evana, he was the one who drank the bloodwine. I would’ve drunk it myself—I wanted to drink it myself—but Wes was the one who got to it because he could trick Evana with Old Magic.” 
I never thought I’d find myself comforting Cassatia Loraveire, but here I am nonetheless. “His death wasn’t your fault,” I say. “Not at all. There’s nothing you could’ve done to stop him—it was his decision.” 
“It was a very Wes decision, too,” Basil adds wryly. “Wes is the most stubborn person I know. Knew, I mean.” He goes quiet; I squeeze his arm under the table. 
“I can’t believe how much everyone’s sacrificed,” Cass murmurs, more to herself than to us. “Seeing all the funerals…I mean, they killed Endrys. He was one of Caphian’s Sentries; I’d known him since I was a baby. They killed Sayra—they killed so many people, and we killed so many people, and it was all for me to become queen. And now I don’t even know what to do.” 
“Well, you’ve got plenty of time to figure it out.” I study her face. “You’ve sacrificed for this, too, you know. You sacrificed the rest of your life.” Cass tilts her head. “It’s pretty obvious that you’d rather run off with Keira and Aysa somewhere and live life for yourself instead of becoming the ruler of an entire Novan order. Keira told me how happy you were living with the jnani in India. You didn’t fight this battle because you wanted to be queen; you fought it because Evana wanted you and everyone you cared about dead, and you knew that getting her out of power was what was best for everyone. And now you’re here, Queen of Nixa’s Kingdom. And you’re going to dedicate the rest of your life to learning how to rule it, and how to work things out with your allies and the Wardens and everyone else, and you’re never going to get to live that quiet, peaceful life you’ve always wanted.” I raise my eyebrows at her. “So don’t act like you haven’t sacrificed anything. You don’t have to die to sacrifice—I know that better than anyone.” 
Cass swallows, going quiet for a minute. Finally she says, “You’re pretty smart, you know.” 
“Oh, she’s aware,” Baz replies. I shove him. 
“Well, anyway…I have something I want to ask you. All three of you.” Cass glances between Baz and me and Iraine. “I overheard you talking about what you’re going to do next, and Keira and I had an idea the other day.” She drums her fingers against the table. “How would you like to stay in New Fauske for a bit to help us out?” 
I blink. “Really?” 
“I mean, you don’t have to,” Cass says quickly. “But we really want some kind of Warden presence here while we work out our treaty with Fenella. You could share your perspectives with us, and I thought…I don’t know, I just thought we could help each other.” Her eyes go to Iraine. “And I kind of assumed you didn’t want to go back to Ymetrine.” 
“Not really,” Iraine admits. 
“Well, we could use you, too,” Cass says. “We’re going to try and convince Fenella’s people and everyone else to lift the ban on marriages between orders.” 
Iraine chokes on a scrap of meat. “Seriously?” I’m not surprised, though: Cass technically can’t be with Aysa under the current laws, and there’s no way she’d let that slide now that she’s queen. 
“It’s going to be one of our first initiatives,” Cass tells her. “And you know more about order hybrids and inter-order marriages than anyone else. I’d love it if you’d stay here and help us figure everything out.” 
Iraine nods. “I’d be honored to, Cass.” She smiles, still looking a bit stunned. 
And then Cass’s attention reverts to Baz and me—really me, because Baz is looking to me for a response, too. I get the feeling that he’ll follow me wherever I go. 
“I know you might not want to stay in New Fauske after everything that happened to you here,” Cass says to me. “I mean, I’ll probably be going back and forth between here and Svalbard a bit, and Italy, but still…. I get it if you just want to move on.” 
I give a quiet sigh, thinking. What would moving on even look like for me? I can’t go back to the Freya I was before Alexandria, before my time in the Glass Forest and the battle here and Wes’s death; I’m someone new now, someone stronger. And the new Freya wants something good to come out of all the bad shit that’s happened to her. Maybe I can use everything I’ve learned and been through to help Cass build her better world. 
I break out into a sudden grin. “Did you know that I was named after a Norse goddess?” 
“I was wondering about that,” Cass admits, her lips curling up. “Freyja, the goddess of love and beauty. And seidhr magic—the magic of fate.” 
“Well, I was always an outcast when I was with the Wardens,” I say, “since my parents were defectors and everything. And I’ve been forced into spending a whole lot of time with you Nixa-worshippers. So maybe my fate was to end up here. Start fresh in New Fauske, live a new life.” 
“You’ll stay, then?” 
“I’ll stay. As long as you can find me a room that’s kept at a temperature above freezing.” 
“Deal.” 
“I’ll stay, too,” Baz says, surprising no one. I turn to give him a peck on the cheek. As long as I have him, I think I’ll find a way to be okay. 
Iraine raises her glass of water. “To new beginnings.” 
“To new beginnings,” we all echo, clinking our glasses against hers. 


 
29 December: Norah 
“I’m really not sure about this,” I say, pressing my face against the glass of the car window. I tap my finger against my leg—one, two, three, four, five, six. “I’m probably going to give them all a heart attack or something.” 
“You won’t,” Jordi insists; Roery gives me an encouraging look from where he sits up front with Chleo. “They’re going to be so happy to see you, Norah. It’ll be like a late Christmas present.” 
“Or they’ll toss me out on the streets,” I mutter. “Promise me you guys will wait a few minutes before heading to the airport, just in case.” 
“We promise,” says Roery. He and Chleo are headed back to Ireland to piece together what’s left of their clan—thanks to Cass, the avians can now live wherever they want, but Roery knows that any remnants of Gaoithe Fuar will have returned to Connemara, their old homeland. Jordi’s going with them, and he and Roery plan to head to Jordi’s old home in Eritrea at some point in the future, too. They have no idea where they’ll eventually end up—and neither do I. 
Chleo squints out the window. “What was the house number again?” she asks. 
“4334.” I’ve always loved that number: a palindrome, its digits adding up to a nice even fourteen. 
“Ah. Right.” Chleo finds the house and pulls into the driveway. There’s no snow like back in Idaho—it rarely snows in December in Annapolis—but my parents’ house is a hundred times more in tune with the Christmas spirit. There’s a giant wreath hanging on the door, light-up reindeer grazing in the yard, and poinsettias lining the walkway. It’s a world I left behind months ago, one that I never thought I’d come back to. 
But here I am, sitting in a car in my parents’ driveway, looking out at their house with a wistfulness that surprises me. “I do want to see them again,” I admit. “I’m just not totally sure they’ll want to see me.” 
“You’re their daughter,” Jordi replies simply. “They love you.” He takes my hand, looking me right in the eyes. “Remember our deal? We’re all going home now, me and Roery and you.” His tone softens. “I really think you need them right now, Norah.” 
I take a deep breath and let it out slowly through tightened lips. “Okay,” I say. “I’m going to do it.” And before I can change my mind, I jump out and slam the car door shut behind me. 
Counting my footsteps, I head down the poinsettia-dotted walkway and up three brick steps to the front door of the house I grew up in. Trembling, I raise a fist to it and knock four times. I always knock four times. 
A young girl with dirty blonde hair opens the door: Paige, my little sister. 
“Hello,” I say weakly. Paige gapes up at me, speechless, her green eyes wider than I’ve ever seen them. 
“Who is it, honey?” My mom steps up to Paige’s side and puts a hand to her chest. “Honey,” she calls to my father, her voice hollow. 
And suddenly there are tears in my eyes. “Mom,” I say, “I’m…I’m so sorry.” 
She looks me up and down like she’s not entirely sure if I’m real or not. “Norah,” she whispers. “Is that really you?” My father’s at the door now, too, a half-eaten bagel falling from his hands at the sight of me. 
I nod, barely able to speak now. “It’s me,” I manage to get out. “I’m home.” 
And my family pulls me into the best, tightest hug I’ve ever been a part of, holding me and sobbing for what feels like forever. I hardly even notice the little black car retreating out of the driveway and back onto the road. I know I’ll see Roery and Jordi again, and the others in Boston and New Fauske. Maybe I’ll end up living in Sola City at some point now that Aures Chaise is gone. Or I could stay here in the Sen world and go off to college, live the life I’d always planned on living. Or I could go to school in Sola City and do a little bit of both. 
But for once, I feel no anxiety about the future, all the paths I can take and all the choices I’ll have to make. Wrapped up in my family’s arms, I feel for the first time in my life like I can be excited for what comes next. 


 
1 January: Cassatia 
As the castle bells begin to toll, marking the coming of midnight, Aysa and I clink champagne glasses hard enough for me to end up with fizzy alcohol all down my dress. Aysa winces. “Sorry.” 
I laugh, setting down my glass and giving her a hug. It’s all right. And it really is; tonight is the first night since before the battle that I’ve felt truly happy. We’re out under the stars at the top of the castle’s north tower, where Keira and I had once met up every Saturday. It seemed the perfect place for us to celebrate the beginning of a new year. 
Rhody scratches at my leg, whining for attention. With a grunt, I bend down and lift him up into my arms, burying my face between his ears. “Happy New Year, Rhody,” I say into his fur. “I love you, boy.” 
“This place is amazing,” Shazi exclaims as she twirls around us in a pretty floral dress. She and the rest of Aysa’s family, minus the twins training in Rajashray, had flown in a couple days before. “I can’t believe you grew up here, Cass.” 
“Well,” Aysa says, grinning at me, “she was a little lady.” I roll my eyes. 
My brother Aren runs up suddenly behind me and grabs my arm. “Look up, Cass.” 
“What is it?” I follow his finger upwards and let out a gasp at the sight of the streaks of color dancing among the stars—green and purple and hints of red and blue. “Great Nixa.” 
“Dim the fires!” calls someone in the crowd. A pair of Wardens scramble to weaken the little fires planted along the tower perimeter, leaving us all bathed in the shimmering light of the aurora above. 
“Are those really the northern lights?” Aysa asks. “I didn’t know you could see them here.” 
We almost never do, I tell her, still transfixed by the sight. And I’ve never seen an aurora this bright before. 
Aysa kisses my temple. “It must be a sign,” she says. “The heavens are welcoming the new Nixan queen.” 
I shrug, smiling. Maybe. But I’m less concerned with what the heavens think of me than I’ve ever been before. I’ve got more than enough to worry about here on Earth. 
Rhody begins to squirm in my grasp, prodding at my face; I let him down, and he runs immediately over to Fenella Shirey, startling her from her reverie. 
“Hey, Rhody.” I leave Aysa to pull my dog off of the new High Chief Warden. “Sorry about that.” Aren whistles Rhody over to his side, crouching down and inviting him to assail his face with licks and sniffs. 
Fenella laughs. “Don’t be sorry. I like dogs.” She takes a sip of her champagne. “What a year this will be,” she muses. “A much better one than the last, I’m sure.” The two of us have already agreed to meet in Rome in a few weeks to discuss our official truce and begin drafting our treaty to end Nixa’s War once and for all. I’m going to have no idea what the hell I’m doing, trying to come up with an agreement favorable to the thousands and thousands of people I now represent. 
But at least I’m not alone. Turning away from Fenella, I sweep my gaze across the tower and grin as Aysa wrestles her brother Rey away from the champagne bottles while Iraine brings patches of flowers to life along the tower parapets, weaving her way around the Sentries perched precariously on top of them: Caphian and Thea and even my ex-maidservant Phoebe. They will all be there for me, as will Baz and Freya. And Keira, of course—I have her with me, too, thanks to Wes. I owe him everything, really, more than I could ever say. 
Keira comes up to me with what is probably her third glass of champagne. Her silver eyes are bright as they meet mine. “We did it, Cass,” she says, giving me her first smile since the end of the battle. 
“We did it.” I pull her towards me. “This world is ours now.” 
“It sure is.” Keira drapes an arm around my shoulders, and together we gaze up into the sky, letting the energy of the party fade from our minds as we take in the aurora’s color and light and silence. I used to search this same sky for birds, waiting for the one that was Keira to land at my side. Now we can stand here openly, neither of us having anything left to hide. This world is ours now. 
For one long, beautiful moment, I feel the ethereal warmth of hope. 
END OF BOOK THREE 
