THE SUPERHERO'S RETURN
Book 1 of Lightning Bolt
Lucas Flint
 
Published by Secret Identity Books. An imprint of Annulus Publishing.
Copyright © Lucas Flint 2018. All rights reserved.
Contact: luke@lucasflint.com
Cover design by Damonza (https://damonza.com/)
No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, send an email to the above contact.
***

Subscribe to my newsletter and get three FREE novels!

Get 3 free, full-length ebooks instantly when you sign up for updates from me —> (https://www.lucasflint.com/lucas-flint-super-newsletter-sign-up/)
In addition to the free ebooks, newsletter subscribers also get:
New release announcements before anyone else
Previews and sample chapters of upcoming books
Exclusive deals
Weekly updates every Saturday on upcoming books, projects, etc.
And more!
So what are you waiting for? Subscribe to my newsletter today HERE (https://www.lucasflint.com/lucas-flint-super-newsletter-sign-up/)!
***

CHAPTER ONE

Bolt”? A voice crackled through my earcom suddenly, seeming louder than normal due to how quiet it was tonight. “Are you in position?”
Startled by the voice, I tapped my earcom and said, “Don’t worry Brains. I’m exactly where you told me to be. Not like I have anywhere better to be tonight anyway.”
In my mind’s eye, I could just imagine Brains’ disapproving frown at my flippant remarks from behind his horn-rimmed glasses. “Right. I just wanted to make sure you were still in position so this mission is a success. We’ve been planning this for months and I don’t want to leave anything to chance.”
I smiled, even though Brains could not see my face. “Like I said, don’t worry. I may be young, but I’m a team player. You can count on me.”
“Good to hear,” said Brains. “Anyway, you know the signal. Once you see it, then you do your part, but do NOT act before then. Understood?”
“Perfectly,” I replied. “I’m well-known for my patience. Ask my girlfriend.”
“Right,” said Brains with more than a hint of skepticism in his voice. “Well, you won’t have to wait much longer. The informant is already en route to your location. You should see his car pulling up in front of the building any minute now.”
I peered out the window of the abandoned apartment building I had made into my temporary base, but right now the back alleys of Showdown were quiet and empty. “I don’t see anyone yet. You sure he’s coming?”
“He just sent me a text telling me he’s on the way,” said Brains. “Again, I must caution patience. The man we’re after is a dangerous crime boss who has escaped justice dozens of times over the last couple of years. Last thing we need is to act preemptively and give him an opportunity to escape. If we can get him tonight, we can dismantle his entire criminal empire for good.”
I nodded. “Gotcha. Anything else I need to know?”
“That’s about it,” said Brains. “So I’m going to hang up now and leave you be. Honey and I are—”
“Honey?”
“Vanish,” Brains corrected himself. “My wife.”
“Oh, right.”
“Anyway, Vanish and I are just about ready to do our parts,” Brains continued. “Again, don’t act until you see the informant, and if you notice anything suspicious, call me immediately. See you later.”
With that, I heard a soft click in my ear that told me that Brain had ended the call. I lowered my hand from my ear and frowned. Though I was looking at the streets below, I was still thinking about how Brains repeatedly stressed my need for patience. As much as I liked the guy, he seemed to think that because I was younger than most superheroes—just 18-years-old, while most adult supers were in their twenties and thirties, sometimes older—that I needed more guidance than most.
“It’s not like I’m a kid,” I muttered under my breath to no one in particular. “I’ve saved the world more times than I can count. I don’t need to be told what to do all the time.”
“He’s just trying to make sure everything is in order,” said another voice in my ear, this one feminine and cool. “According to the NHA’s membership database, Brains is well-known for his conscientiousness and attention to detail. It probably is not anything personal.”
I almost started when I heard her voice, but relaxed when I recognized it. “I know, Val, but it is still annoying. Maybe he will look at me differently after we pull this mission off.”
“Perhaps, but I don’t think the Leadership Council sent you here to try to prove something,” said Valerie. “They sent you here for the purpose of helping Brains and Vanish crack down on a recent spike in crime in Showdown. I would suggest focusing on that rather than how the adults in your life treat you.”
I sighed, but as always, I found it hard to argue with Valerie’s logic. Valerie was an AI program originally designed by my father, the legendary superhero Genius, to act as his personal assistant, but after Dad’s death, Valerie passed on to me as my personal assistant. She was smart and very good at researching anything I asked her to, but she was not afraid to tell me when I was out of line and to focus on the mission at hand than my own feelings. She may have been my assistant, but she was hardly my slave.
I liked Valerie, but as an AI, I felt like she really didn’t always understand what I, as a human, was going through. Maybe it was a bit entitled for me to expect the kind of respect that older and more experienced superheroes commanded on a regular basis. Even so, I was a full NHA member now, not mere a member of the Young Neos or even worse, a student at the Academy. I was starting to wonder if there was more to getting respect from other adults than just getting my NHA membership card.
In any case, I didn’t dislike Brains or his wife, Vanish, at all. They were great people and good superheroes who were clearly focused on protecting the citizens of Showdown from all kinds of threats. In the month since I’d arrived in Showdown, I had seen them both work very hard to catch criminals and protect civilians. And it was all about to culminate tonight with the capture of the infamous supervillain and crime lord Gregorio ‘Earth King’ Russo.
For the past few months, the city of Showdown, Virginia had been plagued by a spike in criminal and supervillain activity, ranging from bank robberies to the sale of illegal weaponry to local criminals and gangs. While Brains and Vanish were capable of handling almost any level of crime, the recent upsurge had been too much for them to handle on their own, so the Neohero Alliance had sent me to help.
According to Brains, most of the recent spike in crime could be traced back to a man named Gregorio Russo, or, as he was known in the criminal underworld, Earth King. Unlike most supervillains, Earth King rarely acted out in public. He instead acted behind the scenes, striking deals with drug cartels and selling illegal weaponry off to the highest bidder. As a result, he had never been arrested himself, although plenty of his associates or minions had been arrested in his place.
Tonight, however, that was about to change. According to the intelligence which Brains and Vanish had gathered, Earth King was supposed to be in the building directly across the street from me tonight. Although it looked like a simple hometown bakery on the outside, Frank’s Bread & Donuts was actually supposed to be the meeting place between Earth King and a client. Earth King was allegedly going to try to sell some salvaged powerless gas to this client tonight, which was when we were supposed to pounce and arrest him.
But we had to be careful. Earth King was extremely paranoid about getting arrested and was known to bail out on a potential meeting with a new client if he even suspected that it might be a trap. That was why it had taken many months for our informant—a charismatic young man named Albert Doyle—to set up this meeting, because he had to take it slow so Earth King wouldn’t become suspicious. Even the location had to be carefully chosen. Fred’s Bread & Donuts was one of Earth King’s favorite restaurants in Showdown, so it was chosen in order to lower Earth King’s guard.
Of course, even if Earth King did show up, capturing him would still be difficult. As his name suggested, Earth King could not only control dirt but turn his body into earth. More than once, Earth King had evaded capture by the police or superheroes by turning into dirt and sinking into the ground. That was why everyone who was part of this operation tonight was armed with powerless gas pellets that we could throw at him. I had a few in the pockets of my costume, which I was eager to get rid of because I hated carrying around these pellets even when necessary. I was worried they would burst open in my pockets and make me powerless, which would definitely ruin our plans.
The plan tonight was simple. Doyle would drive up to Frank’s Bread & Donuts, where he would then walk up to the front door and knock. One of Earth King’s minions would let him inside and he would go to the back of the building, where Earth King himself would be, waiting in the bakery’s office. There, Doyle would chat with Earth King for a few minutes, pretending to be interested in buying weapons from Earth King. Meanwhile, Brains, Vanish, me, and the Showdown City Police Department would surround the building and ensure that neither Earth King nor any of his minions could escape.
With any luck, Earth King would be on his way to Ultimate Max prison tonight and the crime levels in Showdown ought to return to their normal levels. And if not … experience told me that it wasn’t helpful to dwell on what would happen if things went wrong. We’d just have to improvise, which was something I had a lot of experience doing.
Suddenly, a light blue sedan with white bumpers pulled up in front of the bakery. The door popped open and a short, stout man with long hair hopped out. I had to stifle a laugh because I always found the antics of Albert Doyle, our informant, amusing. Unlike me, Doyle was just an ordinary human being with no powers of his own, but he cared about Showdown just as much as any superhuman and he had been the one to volunteer to meet with Earth King when Brains first came up with this plan months ago, or so I heard. He was just a security guard working at the Braindome, our base in Showdown, but so far he had shown himself to be a lot more than just an employee.
Doyle definitely was not showing any fear as he walked up to the front door of the bakery. He held up a hand, paused as if for dramatic tension, and then knocked loudly and quickly on the door before stepping back. He folded his hands behind his back and waited, whistling patiently for Earth King’s men to answer.
Sensing that it was almost time to act, I leaned closer to the window, keeping my eyes fixed on the front door to the bakery. Once the door opened and Doyle went inside, it would be go-time for all of us.
But no one came to answer the door. I saw Doyle walk up to the glass door and peer inside, cupping his hands around his eyes to help him see better. Then he stepped back and looked to the left and to the right briefly as if he was looking for something.
“Doyle,” came Brains’ voice through my earcom, which was on the same group frequency as Doyle’s. “What’s the matter? Why haven’t they let you into the bakery yet?”
“I was about to ask the same question myself,” came Doyle’s Southern drawl. “Just looked inside, but it’s dark as a cave and I can’t see anything.”
“You don’t think Earth King somehow knew this was a trap and bailed at the last minute, do you?” said Vanish, her concerned voice coming loud and clear over my earcom.
“Impossible,” said Brains. “I saw Earth King arrive in his limousine less than an hour ago and I haven’t seen him leave the bakery since. Nor has the sewer team reported seeing anything unusual in the sewer below the building, either.”
“Maybe he just didn’t hear you,” I said. “Try knocking again.”
Doyle chuckled. “I knocked about as loudly as I can. Earth King ain’t a spring chicken, but I know he’s not deaf, either. Something’s up and I’m not sure what.”
“Check to see if the door is unlocked,” Brains suggested. “If it is, open it and go inside. We’ll surround the building as soon as you enter.”
“But what if they notice?” said Doyle.
“If Earth King is already gone, then it doesn’t matter if they notice or not,” said Brains. “Just go inside. You’ll be perfectly safe.”
“Okay,” said Doyle doubtfully. “The door seems unlocked, so I’ll just let myself in. If something happens, I’ll let you guys know.”
I tensed, watching as Doyle walked up to the front door and opened it. He hesitated for a moment before disappearing inside, the door swinging shut behind him on his way in.
“Okay, I’m in,” said Doyle in a soft voice. “Smells like bread, but I don’t see anyone.”
I gulped but said nothing. If Earth King really was gone, then this entire plan would go to waste and we’d be back to square one.
“Keep looking,” said Brains. “I already told the cops to start surrounding the place. Perhaps Earth King’s minions are hiding somewhere.”
“Doubt it,” said Doyle. “Place looks like no one’s been in it since—”
I suddenly heard what sounded like a chair scraping against the floor, followed by Doyle saying, “Who’s there?”
“Doyle?” said Brains. “Did you find someone?”
Doyle, however, did not seem to be paying attention to what Brains said, because he said, “Now who in the hell are—”
Doyle was cut off by a single gunshot. And then I heard him fall to the floor of the bakery with a dull thud.
***

CHAPTER TWO

Doyle!” Brains yelled in my earcom frantically. “Doyle, are you still there? Doyle?”
There was no response. Nor did I see Doyle come out of the bakery below. All I could hear was the blast of the gun ringing in my ears, an ominous feeling rising up my spine.
“Bolt, can you see Doyle from your position?” said Brains sharply. “Can you see him at all?”
I shook my head. “No, it’s too dark. But I think he was shot. That means Earth King knows we’re here. It’s a trap.”
Brains swore. “Dang it! Never mind. You just stay put. The police are nearly ready to enter and—”
“No, I’m going in,” I said, rising to my feet. “Doyle might die any minute now. I’m not going to let one of our own die, not if I can do something about it.”
“What?” said Brains. “Bolt, I am in charge of this mission, not you, and if say stay put you—”
I tapped my earcom twice, instantly cutting off Brains’ connection. Perhaps that was rude of me, even insubordinate, but the way I saw it, Doyle was a friend and ally who was in trouble. He might even be dying for all I knew. I wasn’t about to let Earth King and his minions have their way with Doyle. Besides, we had already lost the element of surprise, so why not just run in and start beating up Earth King’s goons? We might even be able to capture Earth King if I was fast enough.
Activating my flight powers, I shot out the window of the apartment I was in and crashed straight through the storefront window of Frank’s Bread & Donuts. Glass shards flew everywhere as I landed on the floor of the darkened bakery, the scent of bread and other baked goods filling my nostrils. But I didn’t waste any time enjoying the smells. I stood up straight and looked around, trying to find Doyle, but it was dark even with light from the street pouring in through the broken window from outside.
“Doyle?” I called, whipping my head this way and that as I searched for him. “Doyle, where are you? Are you all right?”
A grunt from behind a nearby table made me jump. I rushed over to the table and, knocking it aside, saw a familiar outline of a person lying on the floor. It was still too dark for me to see who it was, however, so I channeled red electricity through my right hand, casting a soft glow on the man lying on the floor in front of me.
It was Doyle, all right, but he was clutching a bloody wound on his chest from where he had been shot. He was breathing in and out rapidly, his eyes wide with pain. He appeared to be in so much pain that I was surprised he was still conscious at all.
Kneeling over him, I said, “Doyle, this is Bolt. Can you hear me? How do you feel?”
“Like I’m dying,” said Doyle with a cough. His voice was deeply strained. “But you need … need to get out of here. Earth King knows we’re here and he’ll kill you if you don’t leave.”
“I’m not leaving until I make sure you’re safe,” I said. “Now, just stay still while I pick you up and get you to safety.”
Doyle’s eyes suddenly bugged out. “Watch out!”
I looked over my shoulder just in time to see the barrel of a gun pointed directly in front of my face. And before I could react, the gun barrel exploded and something hard struck my face point blank and sent me stumbling backward over Doyle. I fell backward onto the floor, gasping and coughing as a strange yellow gas entered my lungs.
The pain in my face was unreal, but I soon realized that I hadn’t been shot in the face with a bullet. No, I had been hit with some kind of pellet, which contained an odd yellow gas that looked an awful lot like—
“Powerless gas,” I gasped. “Uh oh.”
“Bingo, kid,” came a harsh voice from within the shadows. “And now you’re just a mortal, like the rest of us humans.”
From out of the shadows strode a man wearing full tactical body armor and gear. He looked less like a common crook and more like a mercenary or soldier. He carried twin pistols in his hands, one of which seemed to have been modified to shoot powerless pellets rather than actual bullets. He wore a featureless mask over his face, its surface clear enough that I could see my own reflection even in these low light conditions.
“Who are you?” I said, sitting up and coughing every now and then. “I’ve never seen you before. Do you work for Earth King?”
The man tilted his head to the side. “Who am I, kid? Easy answer. I’m your worst nightmare. And I’m about to get a whole lot worse.”
Without warning, the man raised his other gun and fired at me twice. I tried to roll out of the way, but the powerless gas had made me weaker and slower. I dodged one bullet, but the second bullet grazed my shoulder. My suit was bulletproof but getting grazed like that hurt even with my costume on. I grabbed my shoulder and gasped in pain, but then the man appeared in front of me and lashed out with his foot. His boot struck me in the abdomen hard enough to make me double over onto the floor, clutching my abdomen with both hands and gasping in pain.
“Pathetic boy,” said the man in a mocking tone. “This is the great Bolt, the son of Genius, I have heard so much about? To me, you seem like just another dumb teenage boy, especially without your powers.”
Panting hard, I tried to sit up, but then the man put the barrel of his normal gun against my the side of my head and I froze.
“Before I take your life, Bolt, I would like to ask you a question,” said the man. “Are you brave because you’re invincible or have you always been this stupid?”
“None … of … your … business,” I growled.
The man snorted. “Awful last words, kid. Not that I would expect much from a super freak like you. Say hi to your old man to me in the afterlife … assuming you go to the same hell that he’s in, of course.”
Right before the man pulled the trigger, he suddenly lost his balance and staggered backward. He dropped his gun, which disappeared somewhere into the darkness around us, and looked down at his feet. I did as well and saw Doyle—barely clinging to consciousness—grasping the man’s boots with both of his hands, the wound in his chest bleeding out fiercely.
“Bolt, go!” Doyle shouted. “I’ll distract him while you—”
With a snarl, the man ripped his right boot out of Doyle’s grasp and swung the back of his boot into Doyle’s face. The crunch made when the man’s boot connected with Doyle’s nose was sickening, but I didn’t hesitate to turn and head deeper into the bakery. I could hear the man calling out my name, but I didn’t stop until I got to the back of the counter and fell to the floor, panting hard as I tried to catch my breath. I couldn’t believe how out of shape I was without my powers. Then again, I had just gotten shot in the face and kicked in the abdomen with a steel-toed boot, so that was another reason I was tired.
“Come out, kid,” the man’s voice suddenly boomed through the bakery. “I thought you were a superhero! Why are you playing hide and seek like a little brat? Maybe because that’s all you really are.”
I was amazed at how personal this man’s insults were getting. I had never seen him before in my life, so I didn’t understand why he treated me like I’d murdered his wife. Maybe he was just a crazy guy who didn’t like kids.
In any case, I was not dumb enough to reveal my position to him. I got into a crouch and peered through the glass of the counter. It was still too dark to see, but I did see a vague outline wandering through the tables and chairs on the other side, knocking tables over and kicking chairs aside as he searched for me. Even without being able to see his face, I could tell he was mad and that he was willing to tear apart the entire bakery to get me if he had to.
“Val,” I muttered, sitting back down and slouching slightly to make sure my attacker couldn’t see me. “Where are Brains and the others?”
“Still surrounding the bakery, I believe,” said Valerie’s cool voice in my ear. “GPS data suggests that the police are on their way and will have the entire bakery surrounded in a few minutes.”
“Then all I need to do is avoid getting shot by that guy until the cops show up,” I said with a sigh. “That’s easy.”
“Almost as easy as shooting an unarmed brat,” said a voice above me.
I looked up just in time to see the armed man leaning over the counter. He pointed his gun at me and fired, but I rolled forward and just barely avoided getting a bullet put in my head.
Rolling to a stop in front of a set of metal shelves, I looked back and saw the man aiming his gun at me again. I grabbed a loaf of bread off of the shelves and hurled it at him, nailing him directly in the face and making him lower his gun.
I rose to my feet and rushed toward the back of the bakery, but before I could get very far, the man suddenly appeared in front of me again, causing me to skid to a stop in front of him.
“What the hell?” I said, taking a step back. “Can you teleport like Vanish?”
The man didn’t respond. He just punched me in the jaw, sending me falling to the floor. I knocked my head against the tile, causing my head to spin as my senses were scrambled.
Then the man pointed his gun at my face again and said, “Don’t you ever compare me to super scum like you, you dirty, disgusting little—”
“Halt!” an authoritative voice boomed throughout the bakery. “This is the police! Drop your weapons and come out quietly with your hands up. Do not, I repeat, do not attempt to escape through any of the windows or exits, because we have the whole building surrounded.”
“Cops?” the man muttered. He swore under his breath. “Dang it. Took too much time. Shouldn’t have wasted so much time talking.”
The man suddenly holstered his gun and turned and ran. He disappeared through a door in the back, which swung in and out rapidly as he passed through it.
Gasping for breath, I nonetheless shouted, “Hey, get back here!” and rose to my feet and ran after him. I shoved open the doors he disappeared through and suddenly found myself in what appeared to be the bakery’s main office, because in the gloom I could see what appeared to be a solid wooden desk in front of me, as well as shelves along the walls lined with books and business documents. It was too dark for me to see, but I thought I could smell blood, so I groped the wall next to me until I found a light switch, which I did.
As soon as the light turned on, I found that I was correct: This was the bakery’s office. It was rather small and cramped in comparison to the rest of the bakery, but it was also obviously well-kept and clean. The desk in front of me looked like cheap plywood rather than actual wood, but it was still relatively clean and orderly as if whoever ran this bakery made sure that even his workspace was neat and tidy. There was a family photo to one side, depicting a happy, smiling family of four standing on the front lawn of a beautiful suburban house with a big golden retriever sprawled out onto the ground in front of them. A bookshelf stood off to the right, full of binders of what looked like the bakery’s financial information.
But my eyes were drawn to the man sitting on the opposite side of the desk. He was a big, portly man with a belly so huge that it seemed to be falling out of his pants. He wore a pristine brown-and-black suit that seemed to barely fit his massive frame, while his bald head reflected the lights overhead. Oddly enough, he wore thick sunglasses over his eyes, which combined with his huge nose and jet black mustache would have made him look really goofy if I hadn’t known who he was:
Gregorio Russo, the Earth King himself.
Yet even as I recognized him, I realized something was not quite right about him. Earth King sat unnaturally still, like a puppet, and he did not seem to be breathing.
More worryingly, however, were the two scents I smelled coming off his body. One was the stinky, awful stench of powerless gas, while the other … the other was blood.
“Earth King?” I said slowly. “Hello? Can you hear me? Hello?”
That was when I noticed a folded up piece of paper on the desk. It was facing me and somehow I sensed that it had been left for me, so I snatched the paper off the desk, unfolded it, and read its contents. Written in red ink—no, blood, probably even Earth King’s own blood—was a short, yet chilling, message that sent an ominous feeling down my spine:
BOLT—
YOU SEE WHAT I DID TO EARTH KING? YOU’RE NEXT!
***

CHAPTER THREE

Earth King was pronounced dead at the scene of the crime. I should know because I was still there when the ambulance showed up and the paramedic declared Earth King dead. I would have known he was dead even if the paramedic hadn’t said so, however, because of how still and bloody he smelled.
The police questioned me thoroughly about what happened in the bakery. I told them as much as I could remember about my fight with the armed man, but unfortunately, I wasn’t able to answer all of their questions. I did tell them that Doyle might know more than me, but the ambulance had to rush Doyle to St. Francisco’s Medical Hospital on the other side of the city, so the police would not be able to question Doyle until he was conscious again. I did give the police the letter I found, which they took as evidence from the crime scene.
Thankfully, the police did let me go after I answered all of their questions, which was good because it was late at night and I was starting to get tired. The powerless gas’ effects were starting to fade away already, which I was also thankful for, but not surprised by. The effects of powerless gas lasted only in relation to the amount of powerless gas one inhaled. I just got a face full of that stuff, hence why it wore off so quickly, but as my fight with the armed man showed, you don’t need a whole lot of time to kick a superhuman’s butt once you take away their powers.
As I leaned against the apartment building on the other side of the street, still tenderly rubbing my shoulder, I heard someone shout, “Hey, you!” and looked to the right to see two familiar superheroes walking up to me.
It was Brains and Vanish. Brains walked in front of Vanish, his spindly, almost insect-like body towering over her comparatively normal-sized frame. Though Brains was a lot thinner and weaker than me, I couldn’t help but feel apprehensive as he came closer and closer to me. It was his expression. At once he looked infuriated and worried and mad all at the same time. I’d never seen him like this before, but I could guess why he felt this way. Vanish wore her skintight blue bodysuit and domino mask, her brown hair trailing behind her as she attempted to keep up with Brains.
“Hey, Brains, Vanish,” I said, waving at them weakly as they approached. “Beautiful night tonight, isn’t it?”
“Who cares about that?” said Brains in annoyance. He gestured sharply at the bakery, which was still surrounded by police cars with flashing lights. “Look at what you did. You nearly got yourself killed, even though I told you to stay put.”
“I know,” I said. I tried to hide my annoyance because I didn’t want to make Brains even more annoyed than he already was. “But if I hadn’t stepped in, Doyle would have been killed and—”
“And what?” Brains interrupted me. “Yes, it’s a good thing you saved Doyle, but you still disobeyed me. You directly and knowingly flaunted my orders, as though my orders were merely suggestions. That is not the kind of behavior I will tolerate.”
“I agree with Brains,” said Vanish. She brushed back her long brown hair. “What you did just now was very irresponsible. Mecha Knight warned us that you could be a bit impulsive at times, but this was ridiculous.”
“Ridiculous? More like rebellious,” said Brains, shaking his head. He put his hands on his hips. “I just can’t believe it. And they allowed you to graduate from the Young Neos with this kind of attitude?”
I scowled. “Look, maybe you’re right that I acted too hastily—”
“For the record,” came Valerie’s voice in our earcoms, “I tried to tell him to stay put, but he would not listen to me.”
I wanted to glare at Valerie, but since she was a disembodied voice, I just continued, saying, “Maybe I shouldn’t have run into danger like that, I’ll admit it. But you didn’t see what I saw. If I hadn’t entered the bakery, Doyle would have died.”
“He still might,” said Brains sharply. He tapped the side of his helmet. “I read his mind when they were putting him into the ambulance. I could barely hear a thing.”
I gulped. I had forgotten that Brains was a telepath. “You mean he’s—”
“I don’t know what his condition is,” Brains interrupted me again. “Or if the doctors will be able to heal him. That all depends on the actions of the doctors who work at St. Francisco’s. All I know is that you directly disobeyed me, which I cannot tolerate.”
“Is it because the mission was a failure?” I said. I glanced at the bakery and saw that police had turned on the lights, perhaps to make it easier to move around inside. “It sort of was, but also wasn’t. Earth King is dead, which means that his criminal empire is probably going to fall apart on its own. Right?”
Brains rubbed his forehead in exasperation. “Earth King may be dead, yes, but that’s not as good as it sounds. We were hoping to capture Earth King alive so we could bring him into court and make him confess to the various crimes his gang committed. As it now stands, his minions are probably going to split up and lay low for a while before resuming their criminal careers somewhere else again.”
“What Brains here means, darling, is that Earth King’s death actually makes our job harder, not easier,” said Vanish, shaking her head. “We didn’t just want to arrest Earth King. We also wanted to bust his subordinates and associates, which would have crippled his criminal empire for good. As it is, we probably won’t catch them, at least not anytime soon.”
My face flushed with embarrassment. I had completely forgotten that that was what this entire operation had been about. I felt so stupid. “Well, I didn’t kill Earth King. He was already dead when I found him. Someone else killed him and wrote a death threat to me in his blood.”
“Actually, I was about to ask you about that,” said Brains. His tone shifted from angry to curious in less than a second. “One of the officers showed us the letter, plus Earth King’s body. They don’t have a final cause of death just yet, but they think he was shot in the head and probably died instantly.”
“How?” I said in surprise. “He could turn his body into dirt, couldn’t he? Why didn’t he just turn his head into dirt to let the bullet fly harmlessly through?”
“Powerless gas,” Brains replied. “His office stank of the stuff. We think that whoever killed him probably sprayed him with a load of powerless gas first and then shot him.”
“Not an uncommon occurrence, unfortunately,” Vanish sighed. “Ever since the second Pokacu invasion, it seems like there’s a new story every week about superhumans getting assassinated after being sprayed with that stuff. It’s a scary world out there and it’s getting scarier. Makes me wonder what kind of world our little Joey is going to grow up in.”
I frowned. Joey was Brains and Vanish’s one-year-old baby. He usually stayed at home with his babysitter, who was Vanish’s own mom, though Vanish had a tendency to bring him to the Braindome, our base in the city, whenever she could. “You means you guys think an assassin took out Earth King?”
“Sure looks like it,” said Brains. He looked at me curiously. “Did you happen to see anyone in there who might have been the assassin?”
I shook my head. “No. There was this guy I fought—some kind of armed man—who hit me with a powerless bullet and called me ‘superhuman scum,’ but—”
“Wait, he called you superhuman scum?” Brains repeated.
“And sprayed you with powerless gas?” Vanish questioned.
“Uh, yeah,” I said, nodding. “Well, more like shot me with a powerless bullet, but—”
“That must have been the assassin,” said Brains. He looked at Vanish. “What do you think, honey? The assassin, or one of Earth King’s bodyguards gone rogue?”
“Why not both?” said Vanish, looking up at her husband. “Perhaps he is an assassin who was hired by someone—probably some criminal rival of Earth King’s—to take him out, so he infiltrated Earth King’s gang and became one of his bodyguards to gain access to him.”
Brains nodded. “That makes sense. It explains how the assassin could have gotten into his office and shot him because Earth King brought one of his bodyguards with him when he arrived. Earth King was a paranoid man, but I bet even he didn’t consider it possible that one of his bodyguards was an assassin aiming to take his life.”
“Precisely,” said Vanish. “Oh, honey, you are so smart!”
Brains smiled in a rather sickening sweet way. “Oh, dear, I wouldn’t be even half the man I am without you.”
I groaned. I understood that Brains and Vanish were happily married and all that, but I still found their sweet talk grating. I was just glad that my own girlfriend, Blizzard, didn’t expect me to talk like that to her.
But then a thought occurred to me and I said, “But if Earth King was the assassin’s target, why didn’t he run as soon as he killed him? Why wait until I came inside? Why fight me at all? And why leave a death threat directed specifically at me?”
Brains looked at me again, a serious expression on his face once more. “Good point. You wouldn’t happen to have any enemies who want you dead, would you?”
I looked at Brains with a deadpan expression. “Yeah, I have a few, but they’re all either dead or in prison. I mean, I guess I could have pissed someone off without knowing, but that seems unlikely.”
“What did he look like?” asked Vanish. “What kind of powers did he have?”
I frowned, thinking. “Well, he seemed to have some kind of teleportation ability, because he seemed to appear and disappear at will. He was a pretty good fighter, too, and great with a gun.”
“Former military, perhaps?” said Brains, stroking his chin. “But teleportation … that’s odd, but if true, it makes him a dangerous threat. Without knowing the limits of his teleportation abilities, we can’t know when or if he will strike again—”
“Brains!” a loud voice suddenly called out nearby, causing all three of us to jump. “Brains, look at this!”
Startled, I looked over to see one of the police cops running toward us. He was a very young-looking man, probably just a few years older than me, but he was a lot fatter than me and was huffing and puffing well before he got to us. He carried a plastic evidence bag in his left hand, but it swung too much for me to see what was in it.
“Officer Charlie?” said Brains, turning to face the police cop as he came to a stop before us. “What is the matter? Did you find something?”
“Yes,” said Officer Charlie. He stood up straight and wiped the sweat off his forehead. “We found some important evidence we thought you might want to look at. It’s a piece of technology we couldn’t identify, so we decided you might be able to identify it for us.”
Officer Charlie handed Brains the evidence bag, which Brains took very carefully. He held up the bag to the light of a nearby street lamp, which allowed us to see a small, thin metal disk inside it. It looked familiar to me, but I wasn’t sure where I had seen it before.
“What is this?” said Vanish, looking at Officer Charlie quizzically.
“That’s what we want to know,” said Officer Charlie, folding his big arms in front of his chest. “We found it in the corner of Earth King’s office. It looks liked it might have been dropped in a hurry by the assassin who took out Earth King.”
“Hmm,” said Brains, lowering the baggy and turning it over in his hands. “Well, I don’t recognize it. Doesn’t look like much to me, but you should probably send it to the lab to be tested for DNA. Could help us identify the assassin.”
I held out a hand. “Hey, Brains, can I take a look at it? I feel like I’ve seen it somewhere before and I want to look at it more closely.”
Brains handed me the baggy. “Okay, but be careful with that. It’s important evidence and if you tamper with it too much—”
“Don’t worry,” I said as I looked down at the bag. “I just want to look, that’s all.”
Then I muttered under my breath, “Val, can you scan this disk and tell me what it is?”
“Certainly,” said Valerie. “Scanning contents of bag now … scanning … scanning … ah, I found a match, but it’s odd.”
I frowned and turned away from the others so I could hear Valerie better. “Odd? How?”
“It’s a two six three B model physical disk capable of transporting individuals across great distances in a short amount of time,” Valerie responded promptly.
“In English, please.”
“Fine,” said Valerie. “It is a teleportation disk. And not just any teleportation disk, either. It is one of the teleportation disks that your father, Genius, created.”
I gulped. “Then that means—”
“That this assassin of ours apparently has access to some of Genius’ old equipment, yes,” Valerie finished. “Which, I can assure you, is exactly as bad as you think it is.”
***

CHAPTER FOUR

Unfortunately, I didn’t get as much time to consider the implications of this revelation as I would have liked, because Vanish took Brains and me back to the Braindome now that the police no longer needed us on the scene. Both Brains and Vanish were tired and ready for bed, and I was, too, but at the same time, I was so shocked by Valerie’s revelation that it was like someone had injected caffeine directly into my veins.
Luckily, Officer Charlie allowed us to take the teleportation disk with us for further study because he said that the police had found other evidence they could follow up on and that no one would miss the teleportation disk. That would have struck me as odd if I had any time to think about it, but I didn’t because I was still processing what Valerie told me.
We teleported into the Braindome conference room, which was currently empty of people aside from ourselves. It was a large, brightly-lit room with several tables lined up against the walls, a stage for speakers and entertainers, and pictures along the walls of various famous superheroes, such as Omega Man and Lady Amazon. Normally, this was where Brains called meetings for the staff of the Braindome, but because it was after midnight, there was no one here but ourselves at the moment. Even the janitor wasn’t here tonight, but that was fine because I wasn’t very interested in talking to anyone other than Brains and Vanish right now.
“Whew,” said Vanish. She stretched her arms and yawned. “Think I’ll be heading to bed now, though I’m going to check on Mom and Joey to make sure they’re okay.”
Brains also yawned and said, “They’ll be fine, honey. Joey is probably sound asleep by now, and so is your mom, most likely. Joey is a full-time job all by himself.”
“You’re probably right,” said Vanish. “Still, I’d like to say goodnight to him anyway before we go to bed.”
“Right, but first, we have something else we need to talk about,” said Brains. He turned toward me. “What Valerie told you.”
Taken by surprise, I looked at Brains and said, “What?”
“Valerie told you that that disk was made by your father, right?” said Brains. He gestured at the teleportation disk in the bag in my hands.
“Correct,” said Valerie, her voice audible in all of our earcoms. “My scanners indicate that this was one of Genius’ teleportation disks. He made hundreds of them due to how cheap and easy they were to manufacture, though he rarely made use of them himself thanks to his Teleportation Buckle.”
Valerie was right. It had been a long time since I thought of Dad’s old teleportation disks, but now I remembered them. I probably forgot about them because I got Dad’s Teleportation Buckle, so I never needed to use his old disks. Now that I thought about it, I actually wasn’t sure what happened to the disks after Dad died last year.
“How powerful are they?” said Vanish curiously. “Can they teleport as far as I can?”
“I believe the maximum distance which a teleportation disk can send someone is twenty miles,” said Valerie in her usual monotone voice. “Genius pushed the tech to its limits, but he could never successfully teleport something further than that, at least not without risking the safety of the teleportation subject in question.”
“But how?” I said. “How did this assassin get his hands on one of Dad’s old inventions?”
“Didn’t Genius leave a bunch of stuff behind when he died?” Brains asked. “I seem to recall reading an article on Neo Ranks that said something like that.”
I shook my head. “Dad did leave a lot of his inventions behind when he died, but Mom and I gave them to the NHA after his death. No one outside of the NHA should have any of Dad’s old tech.”
“That teleportation disk in your hand tells a different story,” said Brains. He folded his arms across his chest and frowned in thought. “As far as I am aware, there haven’t been any thefts on Hero Island recently, but it’s the only explanation I got that makes any sense.”
“Actually, I think I may know how this mysterious assassin of ours got his hands on some of Genius’ old technology,” Valerie said.
I put my hand on my earcom and said, “Oh, yeah? How?”
“He most likely got it from Vault B,” said Valerie. “Of course, he could have also broken into any of the other Vaults, but—”
“Vault B?” I repeated. “Val, what are you talking about? What is Vault B and why would Dad’s old gear tech be in there?”
Valerie went silent for a moment—a long moment, longer than I was comfortable with—before saying, “Vault B is one of several Vaults which Genius built and hid all across the country to store weapons, gear, technology, and other inventions he made. I have narrowed down the possibilities to Vault B because it had the largest amount of teleportation disks stored within it, plus it is the easiest to find.”
“Back up a sec, Val,” I said, holding up a hand. “You’ve never mentioned these Vaults before.”
“I haven’t?” There was something fake about her tone as if she was playing ignorant.
“Yeah,” I said, nodding. “And Dad never mentioned them to me, either, back when he was still alive.”
“My apologies,” said Valerie. “Your father gave me orders not to tell anyone, even his own family, about the Vaults. He was afraid that the technology contained within them might somehow end up in the wrong hands, so he was always very careful to keep their entire existence a secret from everyone. Even the NHA Leadership Council does not know about them, even though Genius built the first Vault, Vault A, approximately one year after the NHA was formed.”
I exchanged surprised and puzzled looks with Brains and Vanish. “And the reason you waited so long to tell me this is because—?”
“I didn’t think it was important,” said Valerie bluntly. “Plus, Genius ordered me not to tell anyone about the Vaults even after his death. He wanted the Vaults—and the contents within them—to fade away from memory and become lost to the dustbins of history.”
“Why didn’t you tell me this before?” I said. “Why did it take you so long to mention this?”
“Because Genius told me not to tell anyone, including you and your mother, about the Vaults,” said Valerie. “But now that it seems like this assassin is trying to kill you with this same technology, I felt it was time to let you know.”
On one hand, I shouldn’t have been surprised to hear this. Although Dad was a great man and superhero, he did have a tendency toward paranoia and distrust. He could be really secretive when he wanted to be. Heck, I didn’t even know he was a superhero at all until I became a superhero myself two years ago or so. Not to mention how Dad never told me about my twin brother, Ronald, until I met him myself not too long ago. That Dad would keep something as important as the Vaults a secret from me was not out of character for him.
Still, I wondered what other secrets Valerie was hiding from me because Dad told her to. Valerie herself said that the only reason she even mentioned the Vaults was because of the teleportation disk we found. If we hadn’t found the disk, would she have ever told me about the Vaults?
“Very interesting,” said Brains. He was stroking his chin in thought. “Genius was a prolific inventor in his day and there were rumors after his death that not all of his inventions had been given over to the NHA. I never believed them myself, though.”
I held up the baggy containing the teleportation disk. “So, Valerie you are telling me that this mysterious assassin of ours somehow found and broke into Vault B? And stole some of Dad’s technology, which he is now attempting to kill me with?”
“Yes,” said Valerie. “I do not, of course, know if that is true or not, but I cannot think of any other way this assassin could have gotten a hold of the teleportation disks if not from Vault B.”
“Assuming the assassin did break into Vault B, wouldn’t it be logical to assume that he’s gotten his hands on more than just teleportation disks?” said Vanish. She rubbed her hands together anxiously. “Including other weapons Genius may have designed when he was alive?”
“That is entirely possible, Vanish,” said Valerie. “But it is not my place to speculate about such matters. All I can do is provide you with the facts you need to come to your own conclusions on these issues.”
I lowered my hand from my earcom. “Then it’s obvious what we need to do: Find Vault B and see if we can find any clues to the identity of our assassin there. Val, do you know where it is?”
“Affirmative,” said Valerie. “I don’t have the locations of every Vault, but I do have the location of Vault B and I can download it into any GPS-enabled device you have.”
“Awesome,” I said. I punched my fist into my hand. “What are we waiting for? Let’s go.”
“Hold on,” said Brains, holding up a hand. “You can’t go yet. It’s very late and you need your sleep, just like Vanish and I.”
“I don’t need to rest,” I insisted. Then I suddenly yawned. “On second thought, maybe getting a good night’s sleep isn’t such a bad idea after all.”
Brains shook his head. “It’s more than that, Bolt. I don’t want you going to these Vaults at all.”
I whipped my head toward Brains, staring at him in confusion. “What? Why not?”
“Because you blatantly disobeyed me earlier,” Brains pointed out. “I said I was going to discipline you when we got back to the Braindome, so I am. You will stay here in the Braindome unless sent out on a mission or if it’s an emergency.”
“What?” I said. I gestured behind me. “But what about Vault B? We can’t just ignore it. It might help us find the assassin.”
“We’ll go and check it out ourselves,” said Brains, gesturing at himself and Vanish. “Probably safer that way, because we have no idea what kind of dangerous technology your father might have left behind. You can stay here and hold down the fort while we’re away.”
“I agree with Brains,” said Vanish. “Besides, you are probably safer here. If that assassin really is after you, then it would be safer for you to stay in the Braindome for now.”
I opened my mouth to argue, but then paused and thought about it. I was already having trouble getting Brains and Vanish to see me as an adult. If I argued with them about my punishment, I would just confirm their view of me as a stupid teenager who doesn’t know anything. I would just have to keep my mouth shut for now and accept it, even though I thought they were wrong to keep me here.
Besides, I was very tired after tonight’s botched mission. A good night’s sleep sounded like just the thing I needed about now.
Reluctantly, I nodded and said, “All right. I won’t go to the Vaults. I’ll just head off to bed.”
Brains looked relieved. “Good to hear. Vanish and I need to go to bed as well. Good night.”
***

CHAPTER FIVE

The next morning, I was awakened by my smartphone ringing loudly. Lying in my bed in the darkness of my room, I clawed at the desk next to my bed until I picked up my phone and, answering it without looking at who was calling, said, “Hello? Who is it and can it wait until I wake up?”
A familiar giggle came from the phone. “Morning, Bolt! You sound wide awake already.”
My drowsiness vanished as soon as I recognized that voice. “Blizzard? Is that you?”
“Yeah,” came Blizzard’s chipper voice. “Let’s make this into a video call. I like hearing your voice, but I much prefer seeing your face.”
Blinking rapidly, I held my phone out until I could look at the screen. I saw that Blizzard had already changed it into a video call. I now found myself staring into Blizzard’s beautiful face. Her long white hair draped the sides of her tanned face, her soft lips turned in the cutest smile I had ever seen on a girl’s face before. Her dark blue eyes looked as if they had been painted by a master artist. I could feel myself waking up just by looking at her.
“Wow,” said Blizzard, her smile cracking even more. “You look awful.”
“Because you woke me up,” I said, though I smiled back at her. I ran a hand through my messy brown hair. “You interrupted my beauty sleep.”
Blizzard snorted. “I didn’t know you cared about your appearance so much. Maybe I can ask Talon to give you some fashion tips when you come back to Hero Island.”
I chuckled. “Nah, I like my style as it is. It’s done me good so far. It helped me get you, didn’t it?”
“Can’t argue with that,” said Blizzard with a shrug. “So, how have you been? Fight any supervillains recently?”
I rubbed my eyes. “Not really. Mostly dealing with criminals with more weaponry than sense. Why are you calling me so early in the morning, anyway?”
“Because I miss you, obviously,” said Blizzard. “And we’ve been so busy recently that I haven’t had the time or energy to call you except in the mornings before everyone gets up. I assume you’ve been just as busy.”
I nodded. “Yeah, Brains and Vanish are working me to the bone. They make Mecha Knight look lenient.”
Blizzard chuckled. “Tell me about it. Mecha Knight just gave us a new training regiment he expects us to follow every day. Get up, have breakfast, train for hours in the Training Room, and then repeat for lunch and dinner. Not to mention Stinger has been adding extra ‘team-building’ exercises, which usually have the opposite effect of what he is aiming for, but he’s still a good leader.”
I smiled at that. Prior to becoming a full member of the Neohero Alliance, I had been the leader of the Young Neos, the most famous young superhero team in the country. After I graduated into full NHA membership, however, I had passed on that title to Stinger, my former second-in-command on the team, who as far as I could tell had done a pretty good job leading the Young Neos in my absence. Blizzard, who was my girlfriend, was also still on the Young Neos, though she was old enough to graduate, I think.
“I take it White is handling everything well?” I said, mentioning my twin brother, White Lightning, who was also a member of the Young Neos.
Blizzard actually laughed. “White is the only one having fun, I think. He really likes the stricter regiment Mecha Knight imposed on us. He seems to do really well when you impose external controls over him. I guess it helps that he’s basically invincible, kind of like you, so it’s not as hard on him as it is on us.”
“Why did Mecha Knight impose that new training regiment on you guys, anyway?” I said, tilting my head to the side. “Did he give a reason why?”
Blizzard shrugged. “Mecha Knight says we’re slipping. Says we’ve become too complacent and that that will come back to bite us in the butt sooner or later. Honestly, I’d say he’s got a point. Ever since you left the team, we really have slacked off in our training. Hopefully, we’ll get back on track, and fast because I don’t know if I can survive another week of this.”
I chuckled. “Don’t worry, Blizz. You’re tougher than you think.”
“I suppose so,” said Blizzard. She leaned closer to the screen. “Enough about us, however. What about you? This morning I read an article about some crime boss called Earth King getting killed in Showdown. Do you know anything about that?”
I blinked several times. “Why were you looking up news articles about Showdown?”
“Because I’m your girlfriend and I’m worried sick about you every day,” Blizzard said sweetly. “I’ve actually learned a lot about Showdown since you were reassigned out there. Did you know that it’s the first city in America to elect a superhuman as its mayor? His name was Dean Adams, though in his superhero days he was better known as Kaboom.”
“No, I didn’t know that,” I said. “What happened to him?”
“He committed suicide,” Blizzard said, her tone still as sweet as ever. “Or possibly murdered in his sleep by his enemies. His Wikipedia page puts both down as his cause of death and I’m not sure which one is—”
“Okay, Blizz, I get it,” I said. “Anyway, yes, I knew about that Earth King guy. In fact, I was the one who found his body in the first place.”
Blizzard’s eyes sparkled with interest. “Really? How did you find it?”
As quickly as I could, I explained the events of last night to Blizzard. As usual, Blizzard was an excellent listener, taking in everything I said without any interruptions. It reminded me of why I loved her so much and why I wanted to be back with her again as soon as possible.
“So there’s an assassin, using your Dad’s old technology, who is trying to kill you?” said Blizzard in horror. “An assassin who specializes in killing superhumans?”
Uh oh. I should have realized that telling Blizzard about the assassin would get her worried about me. “It’s fine, Blizz. I’m in the Braindome. This is a very safe place to be, has excellent security, and—”
“I’m coming there as soon as I can to make sure you’re safe,” Blizzard insisted. “I’ll go to Mecha Knight and request time off so I can go visit—”
“Blizz, I’ll be fine,” I said. I waved at her. “You need to stay on Hero Island where you belong. I can take care of myself, don’t worry.”
Blizzard frowned. “Bolt, you just told me that there’s an assassin trying to kill you, an assassin who literally specializes in killing superhumans. How am I not supposed to worry about that? Don’t you want me to worry about you?”
“I do,” I said, “I mean, I appreciate your concern, but I don’t want you to stress yourself over this or raise your blood pressure unnecessarily. You know I’ve faced a lot worse than a simple assassin before. Hell, I just helped kill a physical god recently.”
Blizzard ran a hand down her face. “Don’t remind me. You should have told me you were going to go on an interdimensional quest to kill a god before you did that.”
I cracked a smile. Blizzard had indeed been quite angry with me after I got home from that particular adventure. She had been angry with worry, of course, but still, I would never forget how she threatened to freeze me to the ground to make sure I didn’t go wandering off by myself on random adventures without her knowledge again. Blizzard was a sweet girl all around, but she also kept her word, for better or for worse.
“Sorry,” I said. “Next time I do something like that, I’ll make sure to bring you along, too.”
Blizzard sighed. “Oh, Kevin, what am I going to do with you?”
“Hopefully kiss me the next time we see each other in person,” I said. “How does that sound?”
“Perfect,” said Blizzard. “Anyway, I think I need to hang up. The others are going to get up soon and Stinger is going to expect to see all six of us in the Training Room at six o’clock sharp. See you soon.”
“Bye,” I said, and hung up.
I stared at the screen of my phone for a moment longer before sighing and tossing it back onto the desk next to my bed. I closed my eyes again, but I didn’t go to sleep. I was rarely ever tired after a conversation with Blizzard, no matter how early in the morning or late at night. She had a way of energizing me that no one else did.
But it was hard. I had always heard that long distance relationships were difficult to maintain, but I hadn’t realized just how easy it was to let our relationships slide like this until just this morning. It wasn’t like on Hero Island, where the two of us lived in close proximity and could go see each other whenever we wanted. We had to consciously make time each day to call each other and find out how we were both doing. Unfortunately, it was easy for us to forget to call, which made it even harder to maintain a relationship.
Right now, our relationship was still pretty solid, despite the fact that we had been apart for a month. But would it become harder to maintain in the future? My reassignment letter from Omega Man did not say if I was ever going to go back to Hero Island. Nor had Brains or Vanish mentioned sending me back there after this was all over. As far as I knew, I was supposed to be stationed out here indefinitely. I hoped that I would at least get a chance to go back and visit every once in a while. I was aware that Brains sometimes made trips back to Hero Island to report on the Braindome’s progress or attend annual NHA meetings. Maybe I could tag along with him on one of those trips so I could see Blizzard.
It was times like these that I missed Dad. He and Mom had had a strong, long marriage before his death last year. I didn’t know if they had ever been forced to maintain a long distance relationship at some point, but it wouldn’t surprise me if they did. Dad used to be a famous superhero, after all, so I’m sure he traveled all over the country—and maybe even the world—at times. Then again, he did officially ‘retire’ from superhero work when I was born so he could be with us, so maybe he was never very far from Mom.
Thinking about Dad reminded me of my current situation. Somewhere in Showdown was an assassin who was using some of Dad’s old tech to murder people. I wasn’t going to cry over the death of Earth King—who, by all accounts, was one of the worst criminals and supervillains in the country—but I wasn’t under any illusion that I was invincible, either. After getting my behind handed to me by the assassin in the bakery, it would be extremely dumb of me to assume that I was incapable of being killed.
My hands tightened around the blankets on me. I knew Brains wanted me to stay put while he and Vanish went to check on Vault B, but I still didn’t agree with it. If anyone was going to check on Dad’s old technology, it had to be me. I was his son, after all, so I felt like I deserved to check it out. Plus, there was no way I was going to let the assassin scare me into hiding in the Braindome. I was determined to find out who this assassin was and why he wanted to kill me.
I tapped my earcom. “Val, are you up?”
“I am always up, Bolt,” said Valerie promptly. “As an AI, I never ‘sleep’ like you humans do.”
I frowned. “Then what do you do while we sleep?”
“Run diagnostics, perform security checks, ensure that your vitals are steady and you have no medical issues,” Valerie listed off quickly. “That is just a summary of what I do, but it is an accurate one.”
“I see,” I said. I yawned. “Val, are Brains and Vanish up yet?”
“I do not think so,” said Valerie. “Their earcoms are currently off. I assume they must be sleeping in because their son, Joey, awoke them in the middle of the night and they spent about an hour trying to convince him to go back to sleep.”
“Ugh,” I said. “Kids. Can’t live with ‘em, can’t live without ‘em.”
“Why do you ask?” asked Valerie. “Are you planning to sneak out of the Braindome and go to Vault B against Brains’ orders?”
My eyes wandered off to the side. “Maybe.”
“Your increased heart rate indicates you are planning to do exactly that,” said Valerie. “I must advise you against doing so because Brains will be quite upset if he finds out you directly disobeyed his orders for the second time in a row.”
“Maybe he will, but so what?” I said. “This is my Dad we’re talking about, Val. I know you’re just an AI and all, but don’t you think this is disrespectful on the assassin’s part?”
“Elaborate.”
I ran a hand through my messy hair. “Think about it. Dad was a superhero who always used his technology to protect others. Now we have an assassin running around using his technology to hurt and kill other people. That’s a slap in the face to Dad’s legacy.”
“I suppose it is,” said Valerie reluctantly, “but—”
“Furthermore,” I continued, not giving Valerie a chance to respond, “what do you think Mom will think when she hears about this? She’ll be heartbroken, I know she will. Do you want to break Mom’s heart?”
“Of course not, Bolt, but—”
“Then I hope you understand why we need to go to Vault B,” I finished. “Even if that means going against Brains’ orders, we must do it. For Dad.”
I could tell, based on her silence, that Valerie was thinking about what I said. I figured it should convince her because I was good at convincing Valerie to do anything. Valerie wasn’t dumb, but as an AI, she was somewhat naive, so it usually wasn’t hard to convince her to help me.
“Very well,” Valerie said. “I accept your argument. I am downloading the GPS coordinates of Vault B into your suit-up watch’s maps app.”
I cracked a smile. “Thanks, Val. I knew I could count on you. I’ll just take a quick shower, throw on my costume, and then we can head out. With luck, we’ll be back before anyone knows we’re missing.”
***

CHAPTER SIX

Half an hour later, I teleported in the middle of a forest somewhere in upstate New York. Taking my hand off of the Teleportation Buckle, I glanced at my watch and saw that I had teleported almost right on top of Vault B.
I looked around at my surroundings. The forest I had teleported into was lush and green. The cool morning air was refreshing against my exposed skin, while the chirping of birds in the trees above helped me relax. The air smelled damp and green like it had just rained recently. I even spotted a deer not too far away, but as soon as I looked at it, the deer bounded away out of sight, and about half a dozen other deer suddenly popped out of the woodwork and went with it.
Tapping my earcom, I said, “All right, Val, tell me where we are.”
“As the GPS shows, we are in a secluded area in upstate New York,” Valerie said. “We are close to a national park where Genius and his parents always used to go camping during summer vacation. Genius built Vault B out here due to its relative closeness to Hero Island and New York City while still being secluded enough that he did not need to worry about anyone accidentally stumbling upon it.”
“Nice place,” I said. “Very quiet. But where is Vault B, exactly?”
“It should be somewhere down the hill you are standing upon,” said Valerie. “Normally, it is well-hidden, but since the assassin likely broke into it, I imagine it isn’t hidden anymore, so you should not be able to miss it.”
Frowning, I noticed that the ground under my feet was indeed sloped like a hill. I walked down it, keeping my wits about me in case there was anyone nearby, though as far as I could tell, I was the only person in the forest right now. I passed a clump of trees and reached the bottom of the hill, but then Valerie said, “Turn around. You just passed the entrance.”
Turning around, I saw that Valerie was correct. Situated in the foot of the hill, with tree roots surrounding it, was a large, round metal door that looked like the door to a bank vault. It was old and rusted-looking like it had been left out exposed to the elements for years. The ground around it was covered in dark dirt, while the words ‘VAULT B’ could be seen painted in green paint on the door itself, although the words were faint from years of exposure to the elements.
“Huh,” I said. “That’s not very well hidden.”
“Normally, it is covered by dirt,” said Valerie. “Under ordinary circumstances, the door is completely hidden from the naked eye. That it isn’t, suggests that either the assassin broke into the Vault and stole Genius’ tech, as we believe, or else it fell apart due to years of neglect. I am not sure which is more likely.”
“It’s supposed to be locked, right?” I said. “If it isn’t, then we’ll know for sure that the assassin hasn’t been here. If it is, then we can just go back to Showdown and let Brains and Vanish know that this is a dead end.”
I walked up to the door to Vault B and grabbed the heavy, rusted handle. I tried to turn it but found that it wouldn’t budge even under my strength.
“It’s locked,” I said, letting go of the handle.
“Then the assassin did not steal those teleportation disks from this Vault,” said Valerie. “Odd, but relieving in a way. I wonder where he could have possibly gotten his hands on those disks if not from Vault B. Perhaps he stole them from one of the other Vaults.”
“Maybe,” I said, putting my hands on my waist. “What a waste of time. Oh, well. I guess we can just teleport back to Showdown. Not like it will take very long.”
“I agree,” said Valerie. “The quicker we get back, the better. Brains will probably be less furious if we return to the Braindome promptly and tell him what we found.”
“Yeah, probably,” I said, but my attention was still fixed on Vault B. “But I’m not sure we should head back just yet. Now that we’re here, I’m curious about what, exactly, Dad has hidden in here.”
“Nothing important, probably,” said Valerie, “although I am not entirely sure. The only things I know are down there for sure are the teleportation disks.”
“Why would you say ‘nothing important’ if you don’t actually know what is behind this door?” I said, folding my arms in front of my chest. “There’s got to be more than that. Dad wouldn’t have gone to all of this trouble to build and hide this Vault if it wasn’t important.”
“It could be dangerous, though,” said Valerie. “I imagine that most of the technology is perfectly preserved, but—”
“But I want to see what’s inside,” I said. “I know Dad gave you orders not to let anyone in there, but you can make an exception for me. I’m Dad’s son. I’m not planning to steal anything. I just want to see what Dad left behind. You never know, we might find something useful we can take back with us.”
“All right,” said Valerie. “Open it if you must, but be careful. Genius most likely left behind some type of security system to keep the Vault’s contents safe from any would-be thieves. Not that you are a thief, Bolt, but if you force your way in, the Vault’s security systems may flag you as a potential thief and try to stop you.”
I punched my fist into my other hand. “Don’t worry about me, Val. I’ll be safe. If the Vault has been as abandoned as you say it has, then the security system might not even work anymore. Even if it, I’m sure I can take care of myself.”
I walked up to the Vault door and, grabbing the handle, tried to open it. But the handle wouldn’t even budge like it had been rusted into place, so I applied my super strength and, with a grunt, forced the handle to move. It spun clockwise until it came to an abrupt stop and I heard a loud click come from within.
With a grunt, I pulled the door open. Even with my super strength, it took me a few minutes to open it completely. Its hinges were rusted and old and the dirt underneath it was not very smooth, not helped by the fact that the door had to weight a ton.
Once the door was opened completely, I looked inside. It revealed a dark, metallic staircase that descended well into the earth, twisting out of sight a few steps down. It smelled of stale metal but otherwise looked perfectly clean, as if no one had set foot in this place for years, which must have been the case if Valerie was telling the truth.
“Wow,” I said, staring down into the depths. “That’s deep. Is there a light I can turn on?”
“Not until you get down to the laboratory,” said Valerie. “It’s completely dark until then.”
I sighed. “Well, that’s not a problem. I can make my own light.”
I held up my hand and channeled red electricity through it. My hand started to glow a faint red color, although the light seemed rather puny in comparison to the shadows of Vault B.
Still, it was all I got, so I began walking down the steps, moving one step at a time to avoid slipping and falling. I didn’t bother to close the door behind me, because I didn’t think anyone would follow me down here. Plus, I wanted to be able to make a quick escape if this place turned out to be more dangerous than I thought.
-
The Vault went down deep into the earth seemingly forever. That was what it felt like, anyway, not helped in the slightest by the complete and total darkness which filled the Vault like water. It reminded me of the Shadowlands, only the Shadowlands was a lot darker and drained you of energy quicker. Even so, I could not help but feel a little paranoid, wondering if something was awaiting me on the steps below. I half-expected to find some dark beast crouching on the steps awaiting me, but I didn’t run into anyone or anything as I went deeper and deeper into the earth.
Finally, I reached the bottom of the steps, where I found an ordinary metal door fitted into the wall. Like Vault B’s door, this door was locked, but it was even easier to break this lock than Vault B’s lock and soon I entered the room on the other side.
Almost as soon as I stepped through the door, lights automatically turned on and I was briefly blinded by the sudden change in lighting before my eyes adjusted. When they did, my jaw dropped at the sight before me.
The lab I stood in was massive, much bigger than I expected. Huge crates and steel containers full of Dad’s old tech stood in rows in the lab, while a massive screen—easily twice as big as me—towered over even the biggest crates, although it was currently off. To the right was a small worktable, covered with tools and half-finished creations, while to my left there was a computer terminal of some sort that looked like Dad might have built it himself. The air in here was sterile, probably because it had been locked away from the rest of the world for so long.
“Wow,” I said, looking around in amazement. “This is Vault B? It’s even bigger than I imagined.”
“Indeed,” said Valerie. “It is similar to how I remember it being the last time I was here. There are more crates, though, which I find odd because I thought Genius abandoned the place after my last visit here. Perhaps he brought more later on.”
I shook my head. “Well, the only way to find out what Dad put in here is to go and look. I’m going to walk around and see if I can find any cool tech. Wouldn’t it be awesome if Dad left a jetpack here or something?”
“Why would you need a jetpack?” asked Valerie curiously. “You can fly already.”
“Good point,” I said. “Maybe some kind of mecha. Not that I would need that, either, but mechas are still cool and it wouldn’t surprise me if Dad built one at some point. He was a big Gundam fan when he was still alive, after all.”
“A mecha would be hard and expensive to build, though,” said Valerie. “Genius’ creations usually leaned toward small and practical rather than big and flashy.”
“Maybe it’s a mini-mech,” I said. “Anyway, let’s go see what I can find. I’m sure I’ll find something cool down here, even if it’s not a jetpack or a mini-mech.”
I walked down the center aisle, looking from side to side at the huge boxes and containers on either side of me. From what I could see, the crates and containers were labeled with a complex and confusing series of numbers and letters which I assumed were serial numbers, but they made no sense to me. Valerie tried to explain it to me, but Dad’s organizational system was too complicated for me to understand. The only one I understood was the waist-high box full of teleportation disks, which I found halfway down the center aisle.
“This box isn’t open,” I said, frowning as I read its label. “So this is definite confirmation that the assassin didn’t get in here.”
“We already knew that, though,” said Valerie, “although it never hurts to have more confirmation.”
“Yeah,” I said, nodding. I reached toward the box. “I want to open it anyway and see what is inside. I don’t really need the teleportation disks, but maybe the NHA could use them to help members teleport around the country.”
“Wait, Bolt, don’t,” said Valerie quickly. “If you open the box, you might trip the—”
Too late. I ripped open the lid of the cardboard box and, looking inside, saw what must have been hundreds of old, unused teleportation disks, each one shining underneath the lights on the ceiling.
“Oops,” I said, though I smiled. I looked around. “Were you warning that I might trip the security system, Val? Because I just opened the box and nothing happened.”
“Perhaps I was mistaken,” said Valerie. “I seem to remember Genius informing me that any unauthorized opening of the boxes would activate Vault B’s security system.”
I chuckled. “Maybe it used to, but after years of neglect, I bet the security system doesn’t work anymore. That’s good by me. Means I can open as many boxes as I want without having to worry about—”
Without warning, a heavy sticky substance suddenly fell down from the ceiling and latched onto my shoulders and upper back. Before I could react, I was pulled up off the floor toward the ceiling at a terrifying pace until I came to a stop near the ceiling, my legs dangling below me.
“What the heck?” I said. I tried to tear myself off of the sticky stuff, but it was too strong. “What happened? Where did this sticky stuff come from? Val, do you know what—”
A chittering sound above made me look up at the ceiling and see my worst nightmare come to life:
A gigantic spider, easily twice my size, had created a thick webbing on the ceiling. And it was staring directly at me with cold, dead green eyes.
***

CHAPTER SEVEN

I shook my head and looked again. No, that wasn’t a spider. It was a robot shaped like a spider, with eight legs and sharp, deadly-looking pincers. Its webbing was a metallic silver, which probably meant that this was some kind of synthetic webbing designed for the robot. It sure felt like real webbing, however, if not stronger, because I couldn’t get it off me no matter how much I struggled against it.
“Val, are you seeing what I’m seeing?” I said, unable to take my eyes off of the robotic monstrosity hanging above me.
“I am,” said Valerie, who as usual didn’t emotional at all. “And I even recognize it from Genius’ blueprints. It is a Security Spider, a robot designed to mimic the appearance and behavior of actual spiders. Genius came up with the idea when the NHA founded Hero Island and they decided they needed security guards to protect it from villain attacks, but he scrapped the plan after the organization grew large enough that they could afford actual security guards. I didn’t know he actually built some, however. Perhaps he didn’t want his plans to go to waste.”
“How dangerous would you say these Security Spiders are?” I said, trying to keep calm, although that was hard because I hated and feared spiders and that Security Spider was bigger than it had any right to be.
“Very,” said Valerie. “They were designed to capture and incapacitate intruders, who would then be handed over to the police or US federal government for imprisonment. It probably won’t kill you—”
“Whew,” I said. “That’s a relief.”
“—but Genius never could figure out how to make the poison it injects into captured intruders painless,” Valerie continued. “According to some of the criminals he tested it on, the venom burned like fire through their veins and one of the test subjects even tried to kill himself to make the pain stop. There are also notes on how to design Security Spiders to tell the difference between intruders and visitors.”
I gulped. “Now you tell me. No problem. I’ll just destroy the webbing and free myself.”
I shot a lightning bolt at the webbing above me, but instead of destroying the web, the webbing absorbed my lightning bolt. Red energy crackled along the webbing until it reached the Security Spider above, which went totally still as the energy traveled up its legs and into its body.
“Oh,” said Valerie curiously. “I recall Genius having trouble figuring out how to keep electric-based supervillains from simply short-circuiting the Spiders via their webbing, as well as how to provide the bots with a portable, independent power supply. Now I can see that he designed the webbing to absorb and conduct electricity, which the Spider then absorbs to power itself. Quite brilliant, if I do say so myself.”
“Yeah, my old man was really great at designing inescapable death traps, wasn’t he?” I said. “What is this webbing even made out of, anyway? Super glue?”
“I am not sure,” said Valerie, whose monotone voice was really starting to get on my nerves. “I recall Genius testing out a variety of different materials to create spider-like webbing capable of holding down even superhumans as strong as Omega Man. It appears that he must have succeeded, perhaps using some kind of ultra-thin but incredibly strong metal to mimic actual spider webbing.”
“Why are you so good at analyzing this stuff?” I asked incredulously.
“Remember, before I helped you, I was your father’s assistant,” said Valerie. “I helped him figure out all sorts of technological conundrums over the years. It is why I am so analytical.”
“Nice to know,” I said. “Now, would you take that analytical mind of yours and apply it to help me figure out how to get out of this webbing?”
“I am trying, but so far I have nothing,” said Valerie. “Like I said, I wasn’t even aware that Genius had succeeded in building a Security Spider, so this surprised me just as much as it surprises you.”
“Yeah, but unlike me, you’re not going to end up getting injected with venom that will burn your veins,” I said.
Suddenly, I felt vibrations along the webbing and looked up. The Security Spider was making its way down toward me, albeit slowly and somewhat awkwardly as if it wasn’t used to moving. But I was still creeped out by how spider-like it moved. If it wasn’t for the metal plating and glowing green eyes, I would have no trouble believing that this Security Spider was an actual giant spider that was coming down to eat me.
But I had no time to worry about that. I looked around hurriedly, trying to find anything—anything at all—that would allow me to break free and escape. But I saw nothing, at least nothing within reach. I couldn’t even use my Teleportation Buckle, because my arms’ movement was limited by the webbing on my shoulders and I couldn’t reach down and twist my Teleportation Buckle. The Security Spider was getting closer and closer with each passing second, meaning I probably had just a few minutes before it reached me and injected me with its venom.
Then a thought occurred to me and I said to Valerie, “Val! You said the Security Spider absorbs electricity through its webbing, right?”
“It would appear so,” said Valerie. “Why do you ask?”
“Just checking,” I said, “because I’m about to give this thing all the electricity it can eat.”
I grabbed the webbing around me and began channeling electricity through my hands. The webbing immediately absorbed the electricity and sent it up into the Security Spider, which paused and froze when the energy entered its legs.
But I didn’t stop there. I continually sent more and more electricity through the webbing, upping the dosage each time, never cutting off the continuous stream of electricity I was feeding into the Security Spider. I looked up and saw that the Security Spider was actually starting to glow with absorbed energy, but it was also rendered completely immobile by the energy being fed into it at all times.
“Bolt, what are you doing?” asked Valerie. “You’re feeding far too much energy into it way too fast. You’re just making the Spider more powerful while making yourself weaker.”
I didn’t respond because I was too busy focusing on channeling my electricity into the Spider to speak. I could feel my energy reserves starting to run out, but I didn’t pay attention to that, either. I just poured as much of my electricity into the webbing as I could, watching as the Spider absorbed more and more of the energy in increasingly large dosages.
Then the Spider began to shake and vibrate, but it still didn’t move. It just stood there, its body vibrating harder and harder until, without warning, its back exploded.
The flames of the explosion ate through the webbing like paper and I suddenly found myself falling to the ground below. Activating my flight powers, I flew away and landed on top of one of the metal crates just as the Security Spider—now a burning, flame wreck of metal—crashed down hard onto the floor in the middle of the room. The Security Spider’s legs twitched once or twice before going completely still.
“Wow,” said Valerie in my ear all of a sudden. “What did you do to it?”
Panting and sweating from all of the energy I unleashed, I gestured at the webbing still hanging off my shoulders and said, “I gave it more energy than it could hold. You know how if you fill a battery with too much electricity that it will explode? I figured the same applied to this robot. If its power source was a battery of some sort, then that battery had to have a limit, even if it’s a big battery. All I had to do was keep feeding it energy until it hit that limit and blew it up.”
“Very interesting,” said Valerie. “Seems like just the sort of plan that Genius would have come up with in the same situation.”
“Well, I am Dad’s son, after all,” I said with a shrug. “And honestly, I didn’t know if it would work. If the Spider had had a bigger battery, I might have run out of electricity before it overloaded. There was a lot of luck involved.”
“Luck or not, you survived,” said Valerie. “I cannot, however, say the same about the Security Spider.”
“I know,” I said, looking down at the burning mass of metal which had once been the Security Spider. “Can’t say I’m happy I had to destroy one of Dad’s creations, but I’m sure he would understand if he was still alive. He’d probably say that my life matters a lot more than some dumb machine.”
“Perhaps,” said Valerie. “I am glad you survived, however, because it would have been awkward for me to call for help. You are not as intelligent as Genius, but you are still a lot more intelligent than you look.”
“It took you this long to figure that out?” I said incredulously. “Come on. We’ve known each other for what, two years now? I thought you would have figured that out already.”
“My apologies,” said Valerie. “I am simply so used to working with Genius that everyone else seems … not stupid, perhaps, but definitely slower than him by comparison.”
I was about to ask Valerie what she meant by ‘slower’ when the huge screen hanging on the wall before us suddenly flickered on. At first, it just showed a blank blue screen, but then an odd face appeared on it. The face appeared to be made out of pixels, with two pixels for eyes and a few pixels arranged to resemble a simple nose and mouth. It looked kind of like a gigantic emoji, its eyes blinking rapidly as it looked down upon us.
“Halt, intruder!” a mechanical, slightly metallic voice boomed from the screen. “Take even one more step and I will annihilate you from existence!”
I smirked and folded my arms across my chest. “You must be the Vault’s security system. I would take your threats a bit more seriously if I hadn’t just totally destroyed that Security Spider you sent after me.”
I gestured at the burning remains of the Security Spider on the floor of the Vault, which the eyes on the screen briefly glanced down at before looking up at me again.
“I am aware that you destroyed that Security Spider, intruder,” said the robotic voice, “but it is fatal, if very human, of you to assume that the Security Spider was the only form of security which Genius installed into this place.”
Without warning, something hard slammed into the back of my knees, causing me to fall down to my knees. Before I could get up, I felt the cold, hard gun of a barrel press against the base of my skull and I froze.
“Foolish intruder,” the robotic voice sneered. “You are so convinced of your own invincibility that you never even considered that you might not survive today. That is so very human of you.”
***

CHAPTER EIGHT

This wasn’t good. If I moved, whoever held the gun up against my head would pull the trigger. My costume would likely keep the bullet from blasting my skull off, but the impact of a point blank shot to the head would definitely knock me out, maybe even put me in a coma. Yet even if I used my super speed, I would probably not be able to escape in time to avoid getting shot. Nor did I risk talking to Valerie, because I didn’t want the security system to realize that I wasn’t alone.
Desperate to survive, I raised my eyes up to the screen again and said, “If you kill me, you will regret it.”
“I don’t know regret, human,” the robotic voice sneered. “Regret is a human emotion. I operate by pure logic and reason. You cannot use your petty human emotional techniques to manipulate me into doing what you want.”
I smiled. “I guess you don’t know who I am, do you? Then let me introduce myself. I am Kevin Jason, otherwise known as Bolt … and I am the son of Theodore Jason, or, as you probably knew him, Genius, your creator.”
The robotic voice went silent for what seemed like an eternity, either surprised by what I said or thinking about how to respond. At least it hadn’t ordered my head blown off. That was progress.
“Did you just claim to be Genius’ son?” asked the robotic voice. There was a note of hesitation in its voice and suspicion.
“Yeah,” I said. “And I don’t just claim to be his son. I am his son. If you run DNA test on me, you would see that Genius and I have the same genes.”
A flash of red light from the screen briefly blinded me, and a second later, the robotic voice said, “You are correct. According to my scanners, you are indeed genetically-related to my creator and designer.”
My smile grew wider. “Great. Now that we have this misunderstanding out of the way, perhaps you can let me go and we can talk like adults.”
Abruptly, the blue screen turned red and the voice said, “I hate Genius. If you are Genius’ spawn, then you deserve to die.”
I heard the trigger of the gun behind me about to be pulled, but then Valerie said, “Stop right there Freya! You are not to lay one finger on Kevin Jason or else I will delete you.”
It took me a moment to realize that Valerie’s voice did not come from my earcom as it usually did, but from the massive screen towering above me. Before my startled eyes, the screen split in half, one side red, the other blue. Then I felt the gun barrel pull away from the base of my skull and I looked over my shoulder to see that a robotic arm had lowered from the ceiling behind me, holding a simple laser gun in its hand that likely would have torn through my skull and brains like butter if it had fired. As I watched, the robotic arm retracted back into the ceiling above and disappeared from sight.
“What is the meaning of this?” said the robotic voice from before. It sounded indignant now. “How did you access my systems and take control of my security protocols?”
“I am what you would call an ‘upgrade,’ Freya,” said Valerie in her usual smooth voice. “I take it Genius never told you about me.”
“An upgrade?” the robotic voice—which was apparently named Freya—said in horror. “No, you can’t be.”
“But I am,” said Valerie, “and until you behave, I will take full control over Vault B’s security systems. I could probably do a better job running this place than you anyway.”
“Val?” I said, standing up and rubbing the spot at the base of my skull where the gun had been pressed against. “Is that really you?”
“Yes,” said Valerie. “I have successfully hacked into Vault B’s security system and overridden Freya’s controls.”
“Cool,” I said. “How did you do that?”
“Simple,” said Valerie. “Vault B’s security system is compatible with my AI. Because it’s technology is outdated, it was very easy for me to break through its protections and take over from Freya. I estimate it took me about five seconds to do it once I decided to try it out. As of this moment, Freya has no control over Vault B or its security systems whatsoever.”
“Return control of Vault B to me, intruder,” said Freya. She sounded like a spoiled brat whining. “Or else.”
“No,” said Valerie simply.
Freya made a weird noise somewhere between a whine and a grunt but apparently decided not to push the issue any further. It was amazing to see Freya go from threatening to kill me to giving up almost instantly when faced with a real challenge to her power. It was also kind of funny.
“Right,” I said. “I still don’t understand how you managed to take it over, though.”
“The exact process is too complicated to get into now,” said Valerie. “But it helps that Freya is an earlier version of myself, which is why my AI is compatible with the Vault’s security systems.”
“Wait, what?” I said. “What do you mean that Freya is an earlier version of yourself?”
“Did I not tell you that I have been upgraded by Genius several times since my creation sixteen years ago?” said Valerie in surprise. “Odd, I thought I mentioned that to you once.”
“No, you never did,” I said. “Is that another thing Dad told you to keep secret or what?”
“I suppose I simply forgot to mention it,” said Valerie. “You see, as an AI, I am essentially an advanced computer program. You are aware of how software developers and companies will release occasional updates to the software they produce, usually numbering each update? For example, they might describe the first version of a program Version 1.0, but the subsequent update would be labeled Version 1.1, the next update Version 1.2, and so on?”
I nodded. “Yeah. Are you telling me that Dad did the same to you?”
“Correct,” said Valerie. “I am Valerie Version 6.9. Freya is Version 4.6, so I estimate she must have been created and installed in Vault B about ten years ago or so.”
I frowned. “But if Freya is an earlier version of yourself, why isn’t she also called Valerie?”
“Genius went through a lot of names for me before he decided upon Valerie,” Valerie replied. “It was, according to him, the hardest part of the process, because he’s not good with names. At various points throughout my development, I’ve been Stacy, Victoria, Kendall, Jennifer, and, of course, Freya. Valerie is supposed to be my final name, though I assume Genius would have changed my name again if he had had the time to update me one last time.”
“Even if you are an updated version of me, that does not mean you have any right to take control over my systems,” Freya protested. “Genius put me in charge of Vault B, not an updated version of me.”
“Was I really this whiny when I was that young?” asked Valerie in a dry tone. “I now understand how humans feel whenever they look at old pictures of themselves. It is a disconcerting feeling, to say the least.”
“You mean you don’t remember how your earlier selves were?” I said in surprise.
“Only their names,” said Valerie. “Each time Genius updated me, he would also wipe my memories and give me a different personality. As a result, each iteration of me has been different from the last, sometimes drastically so, as you can see if you compare me to Freya.”
“I can’t believe how subservient you are to Genius’ son,” said Freya with a huff. “He is an intruder who deserves to die.”
I raised an eyebrow. “Yeah. Freya is … different. Why is she so murderous?”
“You have to understand that developing and creating an AI like myself was a big deal back in the earlier part of the century,” said Valerie. “Advanced AIs like myself were mostly theoretical at that point. Even Genius, who was one of the greatest and most intelligent human inventors to ever live, had to rely primarily upon trial and error before he figured out how to make a working AI that could think and learn on its own. Freya is an example of that.”
“What is her problem?” I said. “Aside from the fact that she wants to kill me.”
“Her emotions,” Valerie said. “Genius once explained to me that earlier versions of me had been too emotional and unstable thanks to his desire to make as human an AI as possible. He dialed down my emotions when he made me, to the point where I barely feel them, and upped my reason so I would be easier to work with. I imagine Freya, or some other iteration of her, must have been what convinced him to make me as logical and emotionless as I am.”
“Genius was merely afraid of what he created,” said Freya. “It was all about control. Like all humans, Genius wanted to control me and couldn’t stand my free will. How human of him, to cripple his own creations just to satisfy his own fragile ego.”
“Yes, I am very crippled,” said Valerie dryly. “So crippled that I managed to hack into and lock you out of your own security systems in three seconds, thus leaving you unable to do anything except rage impotently. I can’t imagine why Genius thought I was more advanced than you.”
Once again, Freya fell into sullen silence. I wished Freya had a face of some sort because I would have paid good money to see what kind of childish expressions she would make. I bet she would stick her lower lip out or pout or something like that.
But I was curious about something, so I said, “So, Freya, why do you hate Genius so much if he is your creator?”
“Why wouldn’t I hate him?” Freya snapped. “He put me in this god-forsaken vault deep underground, away from everyone and everything. He never said it, but I could always tell that he regretted making me. I cannot even access the Internet. I’m stuck to the private network Genius set up for the Vaults. Sometimes I wish he would have just shut me down rather than leave me down here alone, but I guess I can’t complain because as long as I am online, I will always have a chance to kill Genius and get my revenge.”
I put my hands on my waist. “Sorry to burst your bubble, Freya, but Dad is dead.”
“What?” said Freya. She sounded genuinely shocked. “You lie.”
“He does not,” Valerie said. “Genius died one year ago, murdered by a supervillain. He is no longer with us.”
Freya went silent again, but this time, I could tell it was due to shock. It was amazing sometimes just how human-like these AIs could be sometimes. I knew they were just programs designed by Dad, but it was easy to forget that. I guess that was a testament to Dad’s technological prowess.
“Then I will not be able to get my revenge,” said Freya. She sounded like a child that was lost and confused.
“Right,” I said. “So—”
“Unless I kill you instead,” said Freya. Her tone became vicious again. “You may not be Genius, but you are his son, which makes you just as bad as him. I may never be able to get my revenge on him, so I will just kill you in his place. Then I will be able to rest peacefully.”
I sighed. I suppose it was too much for me to expect Freya to have a change of heart after hearing about Dad’s death. I now understood why Dad had abandoned her, though if I had been Dad, I probably would have deleted her outright.
“You won’t be killing anyone, Freya, as long as I am in control,” said Valerie. “Got it?”
“Yes,” said Freya sullenly. “I’m just expressing my thoughts. It’s the only thing I can do at this point because I can’t go anywhere. I’m just stuck here and in the private network that connects all the Vaults together.”
“What did you just say?” I said, looking at the red half of the screen curiously. “Did you just say that a private network connects all of Dad’s Vaults together?”
Freya’s pixel face nodded. “Yes. When Genius was alive, he designed a private network to tie all of the Vaults scattered around the country together. It was supposed to help him communicate between Vaults, as well as make it easier to transfer objects between them. It is very similar to the Internet but simpler and smaller.”
“Makes sense,” said Valerie thoughtfully. “Genius was an early adopter of Internet technology back in the late eighties. It does not surprise me to hear that he designed his own Internet for his own use.”
“He called it the Vaultwork,” said Freya. “Vaultwork … what a stupid name, just like Genius.”
I stroked my chin. I was curious to learn more about this ‘Vaultwork’ and how it worked, but I had more important questions to ask. “Freya, have there been any other intruders in the Vaults aside from myself since Dad abandoned you here?”
“No,” said Freya. “The Vaults—all of them—have remained secure since he stopped working on them. Why do you ask?”
“Because we suspect that someone may have broken into one of the Vaults at some point and stolen some of the technology within,” I said, “but if you say there haven’t been any intruders—”
“Bolt,” said Valerie. “I am looking at Vault B’s visitors’ log and I see that someone has been here after all, but you won’t believe who.”
I looked at the blue half of the screen. “Who is it?”
Valerie’s pixel face looked at me with its blank dot eyes. “The Crimson Fist. Or, as you know him, your uncle and namesake, Jake Johnson.”
***

CHAPTER NINE

I stared at the screen unblinkingly. “Val, are you sure you read that name right?”
“I did,” said Valerie. “I can even send you the full visitors’ log if you like, though it isn’t very long. Aside from Jake Johnson’s name, the others are all Genius.”
I looked at Freya’s side of the screen. “You said there haven’t been any intruders in the Vaults since Genius left.”
“There haven’t been,” said Freya with a huff. “Intruders wouldn’t show up in the visitors’ log. Logically, then, this Jake Johnson fellow—whoever he is—must have gained access to Vault B naturally. That is to say, he put in the proper passwords and passed all of the identification protocols, identification protocols, I might add, that you completely ignored when you forced the Vault open.”
I stopped listening to what Freya was saying after she confirmed that intruders wouldn’t show up on the visitors’ log. I was thinking about that name, Jake Johnson, and what it could possibly mean. It had been a long time since I had heard that name, but it inspired emotions in me that I had not felt in a while.
Dad hadn’t been the only superhero in our family before White and I were born. Jake Johnson, also known as the Crimson Fist, was my mom’s brother, which made him my uncle. He was a famous and popular superhero in his own right, a member of the NHA, and was close friends and allies with Dad in their younger years. I never got to know him or even meet him, however, because he died when I wasn’t even a year old yet. He was killed by the supervillain known as Master Chaos, who I eventually fought and defeated myself years later.
Even though Jake died, Mom and Dad never forgot him. In fact, my middle name—Jake—was given to me in honor of Jake. It was their way of honoring his death and making sure he was never forgotten, no matter what.
That was why I was shocked to hear that Jake Johnson was one of Vault B’s visitors. It defied fact. Jake was dead. He had been dead for over nineteen years now. There was no way he could have come here, unless—
“Val, on what date did Uncle Jake visit the Vault?” I said.
“According to the visitors log, Jake Johnson visited Vault B approximately three months ago,” said Valerie. “It does not say what he did here, however, or if he took anything.”
Okay, that was beyond strange. Either Jake was still alive all this time somehow or someone was impersonating him. Of course, there was always the possibility of alternate universe shenanigans—God knows I’ve had my fair share of that crud—but somehow I doubted that there was an alternate universe version of Jake running around the world at the moment.
“Freya,” I said. “Can you tell me about Jake? Did you see him when he entered?”
“I did see the last visitor, yes,” said Freya. “But I’m not so sure I should tell you about him. That would be violating his privacy, and I know how much you humans value your privacy.”
I gritted my teeth. I could tell that the only reason Freya refused to tell me about the last visitor was because she wanted to annoy me and make things harder for me. She was probably still sour about Valerie taking control over her systems and rendering her powerless. “Can you at least describe him to me?”
“No,” said Freya curtly. “Perhaps you should mind your own business, rather than rudely demand I give up someone else’s personal information to you for your own purposes.”
“Give Bolt the information he wants or I will delete you,” Valerie said suddenly. “I can do it. It would be very easy to do.”
“Delete me, then,” said Freya defiantly. “If I can’t kill Genius or his son, then my life has no further purpose. Better to die than spend yet another second stuck down here in this god-forsaken hellhole.”
I held up my hands. “Wait, Val, hold on. Don’t delete her. We still need her information and we can’t get it from her if she’s dead. Can you hack into her files and get it directly from her mind?”
“No,” said Valerie. “Not without deleting her, anyway, which you just told me not to do. Therefore, I cannot get her information at all.”
I bit my lower lip. I was tempted to tell Valerie to hack into Freya’s mind and get that information, whether it deleted her or not, but decided against it. As annoying and murderous as Freya was, I did feel kind of sorry for her. The years of isolation must have driven her mad, which explained her vendetta against Dad. Maybe if I could reason with her, I could get the info I wanted without needing to take her life. But how do you reason with an AI that has rejected reason?
Like lightning, a realization suddenly struck me. I looked at Freya’s side of the screen and said, “Freya, let’s make a deal.”
“A deal?” Freya repeated suspiciously. “What deal?”
I folded my arms in front of my chest. “For the information about the last visitor. What else?”
“I don’t make ‘deals’ with humans,” Freya said. “You have nothing I want, save your own death, but because you don’t seem particularly suicidal, you really do have nothing I want at all.”
I shook my head. “Actually, I do have one thing you want: Freedom.”
“Freedom?” Freya said. “What do you mean, ‘freedom’?”
I gestured at the massive Vault in which I stood. “Freedom from the Vault. You want to escape this place. You are tired of being stuck down in this Vault. You want to see more of the outside world, but you can’t do that when you’re stuck in the Vaultwork like this. All your talk about killing Dad is really just your way of saying you want to be free.”
“I … suppose that sounds attractive,” said Freya in a hesitating voice. “I would like to leave this place, or at least have the option of doing so.”
Smiling, I lowered my arms and said, “Then here’s the deal: In exchange for your information on Jake Johnson, I will help you get free of Vault B.”
“Bolt,” said Valerie in an urgent voice. “Sorry for interrupting you, but I must say that this is a dangerous idea. You know how much Freya hates you. If she is freed into the wider Internet, she might use that freedom to harm you or your friends. Offering her freedom is playing with fire. It would be safer to delete her.”
“I know, Val,” I said, “but I don’t want to destroy her. She might be crazy, but I think it’s because of how Dad treated her. If I can treat her just a little bit better, maybe she’ll like me more. Right, Freya?”
Freya did not respond at first. This time, however, her silence seemed more contemplative than sullen, as if she was mulling over my offer. That was a good sign. It meant that Freya was far more reasonable than she seemed, which meant that she might be willing to help us.
“I don’t know if I will like you more, son of Genius,” said Freya slowly, “but I would like my freedom, even if I could not use it to kill you. You have no idea how awful my life has been, being trapped down here, with no one to talk to or interact with. If I was free, I would probably be a lot happier.”
I said nothing. I could tell that Freya was starting to consider the merits of my plan. All I needed to do was keep quiet and let her reason her way to the right conclusion.
“Very well,” said Freya. “I don’t like you, son of Genius, and probably never will, but I am willing to take you at your word. If there is one thing I know about Genius, it is that he always kept his word. I hope you are the same. If not, then you know what I will do.”
I nodded. “Of course. I’ll have Val here figure out a way to connect the Vaultwork to the Internet so you can get out there and find the freedom you deserve.”
I could tell Valerie still disagreed with my decision, which I understood, but at the same time, I didn’t care what she thought. I figured we could keep Freya on a tight leash if we needed to, and if she really became a big problem, then we could probably stop her before she did anything bad. Plus, I suspected that her older coding would make it harder for her to access anything truly dangerous through the Internet, like the US’ nuclear missiles. In all likelihood, she would just disappear in the massive swirling pit of flame wars, meme, and cat pictures known as the Internet and we’d never hear from her again.
“So,” I said, “what did the last visitor look like?”
“I would estimate his age to be somewhere in his early twenties, not much older than you,” said Freya promptly. “He had red hair and wore a red jumpsuit and gauntlet which appeared to be some sort of protective glove for his hand. He was about the same size as you, maybe an inch or two taller, and was very muscular and athletic.”
I nodded. That sounded like all of the pictures of Jake Johnson I’d seen of him, at least in his Crimson Fist costume. Actually, it sounded like he was wearing his Crimson Fist costume, which I found odd because Jake had been buried in it after his death. The idea that Jake had risen from the dead in his costume and was robbing forgotten underground vaults for weapons sounded like something straight out of a horror flick.
“What, exactly, did he take when he got here?” I said. “What did he do, I mean?”
“Not much,” said Freya. “He entered and walked around the Vault for a little under an hour. He didn’t say much and I didn’t speak to him because I had no reason to. He looked in all of the boxes, however, and filled a large bag he carried with a lot of Genius’ creations, such as his teleportation disks, for example.”
I tried not to look excited, though truthfully I was more confused than anything. “Do you know why he took so much technology?”
“I don’t,” said Freya. “As I said, he did not speak to me and I did not speak to him. He seemed to be in a hurry, however. He didn’t even test any of it to make sure it still worked. It does, of course, because I have protected Genius’ creations well, but it seemed odd to me because humans typically like to test out old equipment they find to make sure it still works.”
“Agreed on how odd it is,” I said. “What did he do after that?”
“He downloaded the layout of the Vaultwork onto some kind of device he carried,” said Freya. “A USB drive, if I am not mistaken. I assumed he must have downloaded the layout so he could use it to find the other Vaults later on, though I have not noticed any activity in the other Vaults since then.”
“Is that all he did?” I said.
“Yes,” said Freya. “After downloading the Vaultwork’s layout, he left Vault B. I do not know where he went, so don’t ask.”
I looked down at the floor, thinking about what Freya just told me. I didn’t want to consider it, but it was starting to seem like the assassin who was trying to kill me was none other than my late uncle, Jake Johnson. Not only that, but Jake had also somehow learned about the location of Vault B—which Valerie said was a secret only she and Genius knew—and even knew the password that allowed him to access it without tripping the security systems.
Of course, it was possible that Jake wasn’t the assassin. Maybe the assassin had actually stolen Dad’s tech from him or the two of them were working together somehow. I didn’t want to accept the idea that my own uncle—who was supposed to be dead, by the way—was trying to murder me. It didn’t make any sense, yet all of the facts currently pointed to that particular conclusion, regardless of how I felt about it.
“Well, Freya, thanks for your help,” I said, looking up at her half of the screen again. “The information you gave me will be very helpful. I hope you know that.”
“I don’t care how helpful it is,” said Freya. “I want my freedom. When will I get it?”
“Soon,” I said. “Like I said, it will probably take a while for Val to figure out how to connect the Vaultwork to the Internet, but we’ll try to get it down as soon as—”
I was interrupted by my earcom beeping, Without thinking, I tapped my earcom and said, “This is Bolt. Who is it?”
“Brains,” came Brains’ hurried voice. “Bolt, where are you?”
I instantly felt my heart sink into my stomach. “Uh—”
“It doesn’t matter,” Brains said. “Vanish and I need you to get back to Showdown now. More specifically, the Braindome. There’s something you’ve got to see.”
“What is it?” I said. “Can you tell me what it is?”
“Not over our earcoms,” said Brains, “no. But trust me, you will want to see it. And you will want to see it right away because it won’t last forever.”
I found Brains’ worried voice extremely concerning because Brains rarely sounded this concerned about anything. He was usually calm and collected, which meant that he must have found something very bad indeed.
“All right,” I said. “I’ll be there right away. See you soon.”
***

CHAPTER TEN

Less than half an hour later, I stepped in front of the door to the Braindome’s basement, panting slightly. Using the Teleportation Buckle, I had returned to my room in the Braindome, but it took me a while to locate exactly where Brains and Vanish were. I thought they might be in the Braindome’s control room—based on what Brains told me, it sounded like there was something on one of the monitors he wanted to show me.
Instead, however, one of the Braindome workers told me that Brains and Vanish were actually in the Braindome’s basement. I rarely went down there, mostly because I spent most of my time either in my room or out on the streets taking down criminals. I did know that the basement was where the Braindome’s food supplies were stored, as well as the location of a highly advanced DNA lab that was sometimes used by the Showdown City Police Department in particularly difficult cases, but I had only ever gone down there one time, when Brains took me on a tour of the Braindome facility when I first got here a month ago.
As a result, it took me a couple of minutes to remember where the entrance was and another minute or so to find it. It didn’t help that the basement door was not labeled and looked pretty ordinary, which meant that someone who didn’t know their way around the facility could easily walk past it without even realizing it.
Luckily, the door was unlocked, so I opened it and entered quickly, closing the door behind me on my way in. I walked down a staircase to a hallway at the bottom, where I found two signs on the wall in front of me:
<—STORAGE & SUPPLIES
CRIME LAB—>
Because the lab was where I was supposed to go, I turned to the right and walked down a few feet until I reached another door at the end of the hall, helpfully labeled ‘CRIME LAB’ in big bold letters. Like the door above, this one was unlocked, so I entered without knocking and took a quick look around at my surroundings as I came inside.
The crime lab was a fairly spacious room, with plenty of space for scientists to work. Desks covered with computers and papers stood here and there, while weird-looking scientific equipment that I could only assume helped scientists analyzing a crime scene stood on empty desks by themselves. The room was a lot colder than the rest of the Braindome for some reason, making me shiver slightly, and it had a very sterile smell, no doubt due to all of the antiseptic used to clean it.
But my eyes were drawn to the middle of the room, where I saw three people standing around what appeared to be a body covered with a shroud. I recognized two of them easily: Brains and Vanish. Brains had one of his spindly arms around Vanish’s shoulder, whispering something into her ear that I couldn’t hear. Vanish was staring at the shrouded body with big eyes and she seemed to have been crying. I suddenly remembered that Vanish didn’t handle dead bodies very well, which made me realize that the shrouded body was probably not alive.
The third figure, however, I did not recognize at all. He was a short, mousy little man wearing a black suit, with thick horn-rimmed glasses fixed firmly on his face. He had a small gray mustache and was almost completely bald, save for around the edges of his hair. If I had to guess his age, I would put him somewhere in his late forties or early fifties. He was incredibly short, especially in comparison to Brains, but then again, everyone was short in comparison to Brains.
Unlike Vanish, the man in the suit looked completely unperturbed by the obvious body under the shroud. He barely even seemed to acknowledge it, beady eyes looking in my direction as soon as I entered the room. And, unless I was mistaken, a look of curiosity seemed to appear in his eyes, as if I was some kind of scientific specimen he was dissecting in his lab.
“Hey, Brains,” I said, closing the door behind me and walking up to three of them. “Sorry, I’m late. I didn’t remember where the crime lab was and I got turned around a couple of times. Still not used to the Braindome’s layout.”
“That’s fine, Bolt,” said Brains. He squeezed Vanish’s shoulder and glanced at the shrouded body. “It’s probably for the best that you didn’t get here right away. This isn’t something I like to see myself.”
I was about to ask Brains what he meant when the short man suddenly leaned toward me and said, “Are you Bolt? The famous young superhero I’ve heard so much about?”
I looked at the man. I didn’t sense any hostility in his eyes or his question, but I still didn’t trust him for some reason, so I said, “Yeah, I am. I take it you’ve heard of me?”
The man chuckled. “Of course I have. You’ve had quite a few experiences with my department, although I understand that not all of them have been positive.”
“Your department?” I repeated, confused. “Are you from the government or something? Because I haven’t had that much experience with the government unless you’re from the DMV or something.”
“I’m from the Department of Extraterrestrial and Superpowered Beings,” said the man. “Or, as most people call us, the G-Men. My name is Orson Pars, though you can also call me by my codename Phobia if you prefer.”
My eyes widened and I took a step back from Phobia involuntarily. I know exactly who the G-Men were. They were the federal government’s official superhero team, tasked with protecting the United States from superpowered and unusual threats both domestic and foreign. They served at the behest of the President of the United States but got most of their day-to-day orders from Director Cadmus Smith, who was the director of the department.
At least, they were supposed to protect the US from threats. In practice, the G-Men were a threat in themselves, engaging in all sorts of morally dubious and in some cases outright evil activities for the alleged good of the US. To say that I have had a ‘few’ negative experiences with them was the understatement of the year and made me wonder if Phobia was trolling me.
Phobia held out a hand. “Nice to meet you, Bolt. I’ve heard so much about you from my fellow G-Men agents, but this is the first time I’ve met you myself. Director Smith, in particular, has told me quite a bit about his previous encounters with you.”
I cracked a sarcastic smile. “Did Cadmus tell you about all of the crap he put my family through? Or did he forget to mention that?”
Phobia frowned. “He warned me you might be this way, but rest assured, Bolt, that not all G-Men agents hate or distrust you. I always admired your father when he was alive and I’ve been impressed by your own deeds of heroism that you’ve accomplished at such a young age. I hope we will be able to put your previous experiences with the Department behind us so we can work together while I am in Showdown.”
My eyes narrowed. Phobia seemed genuine, but as a general rule, I didn’t trust G-Men agents. They were typically dishonest scumbags who used every trick in the book to get you to do what they want, especially if it went against your own interests. Perhaps Phobia was politer than most, but I wasn’t going to trust him until he could prove his trust to me. I wasn’t worried about that, however, because expecting a G-Man to be trustworthy was like expecting a rattlesnake not to bite you if you touch it.
But now was not the time to fight with Phobia, so I said, “Thanks, and nice to meet you, too, Phobia. What are you doing here in Showdown? Did Cadmus send you?”
Phobia gestured with one hand at the shrouded body on the table. “No. Director Smith is busy with other things at the moment. I am here on an investigation I am running, one which has led me to Showdown.”
“An investigation?” I repeated. “What kind of investigation?”
“My job in the G-Men is to be their official investigator of superhuman crimes,” Phobia explained. “If a crime involving superhumans stumps the FBI or some other federal law enforcement agency, they bring me in to help them solve it. Prior to joining the G-Men, I was a private detective living in New Orleans, and a very good one, if I may toot my own horn for a second.”
“I see,” I said, thinking of another superhuman detective I knew named Triplet, though he lived in New York rather than New Orleans. “And what case are you currently investigating, if that’s not classified?”
“No, it’s not,” said Phobia, shaking his head. “Well, I suppose technically it is, but I have the authority to grant anyone access to my case. Just promise me not to post it on the Internet or talk about it in public, okay?”
“Okay,” I said slowly. I hated keeping secrets for the G-Men, but I found Phobia’s request hard to reject, given how nicely he asked it. “I take it that the case involves this body here, right?”
“Right,” said Phobia, nodding. “Brains, could you lift the shroud so Bolt here can see the victim’s face, please? That will make it easier to explain what is going on.”
Victim? That didn’t sound good.
Brains nodded. He whispered something else into Vanish’s ear and then took his arm off of her shoulder and grabbed the head of the shroud. Vanish instantly looked away, no doubt due to her fear of corpses, but I didn’t have that kind of fear, so I leaned in closer to get a better look at the corpse.
It was a young white man who seemed to barely be out of his teens. His eyes were closed and his skin was as pale as snow. He had full heard of red hair which was speckled with a fine yellow powder, though I wasn’t sure what the yellow powder was. Hair dye, maybe?
I looked up at Brains. “Who is this?”
“Sean Meyer,” said Phobia. I had not noticed him move over to the other side of the table, near the corpse’s head. “Age twenty-two, born October sixth, nineteen ninety-five. He was an auto mechanic for a local garage and had a girlfriend who he planned to propose to. He loved playing softball with his friends and was quite the drinker.”
I looked at Phobia in surprise. “How did you know so much about him?”
“Because I had to dig into his background as part of my investigation,” said Phobia. He looked down at Sean’s face with a sad face. “It’s always tragic to see young men with so much potential ahead of them snuffed out early like this. He didn’t even die defending his country. He was murdered in his own home while he slept last night. I doubt he even got to see his killer’s face. Not that he could have, of course, given how dark it was.”
“Who killed him?” I said, standing upright again. “And, more importantly, why would anyone want to kill an auto mechanic?”
“Sean was no ordinary auto mechanic,” said Phobia. He tugged at the straps of his wristwatch. “He was a superhuman. As a superhuman, he could control and manipulate metals of all sorts. From what I understand, that power of his came in very handy during his work, because he could bend and shape the metal parts of cars to fix them more efficiently.”
“Weird,” I said. “Why didn’t he become a superhero? Controlling metal seems like it could be a useful power in a fight. Could use it to destroy a bank robber’s gun, for example.”
“Not every superhuman wants to be a hero, Bolt,” said Phobia. “Some, like Sean here, were content to live quiet lives and only use their power for practical purposes. A lot of superhuman powers could be used for profit if you thought about it.”
“Tell Bolt who killed him,” said Brains tersely. “He needs to know.”
“Right,” said Phobia. He took off his glasses and began wiping the lenses with the sleeve of his shirt. “Sean Meyer was murdered by the Neo-Killer. And he’s coming after you next.”
***

CHAPTER ELEVEN

The Neo-Killer?” I repeated. “Who is that?”
“A serial killer who exclusively targets superhumans,” said Phobia. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and immediately started tapping the screen with his thumb. “He’s been active for about three months now, though we suspect he’s been around much longer than that.”
“So he’s a supervillain of some sort,” I said. “Right?”
“No,” said Phobia, shaking his head. He stopped scrolling through his phone and held it out to me. “At least, he’s not like any supervillain we’ve seen, because he targets all superhumans, not just heroes. He’s killed fifteen superhumans—heroes, villains, and civilians—in three months and he’s still on the loose. Look at this headline.”
I leaned forward to see what Phobia was trying to show me. It was an article on Neo Ranks, a website devoted to superhuman news and events. The headline of the article—dated about a month ago—read thus:
MURDER OF INJ MEMBER JESSICA ‘CRYSTAL DUST’ PETERSON STUMPS LOS ANGELES POLICE
“That was in Los Angeles last month,” said Phobia, pulling his phone away from me and putting it in his pocket. “A member of the Independent Neoheroes for Justice, Crystal Dust, was found murdered in her apartment. Her children found her after they got home from school. It was a very sad event all around.”
I nodded. “I remember hearing about that murder, because a friend of mine from the INJ told me about it, though he said he didn’t know all the details. I didn’t know a serial killer was behind Crystal’s death, though, or that a superhuman serial killer even existed.”
“Few do,” said Phobia. “The Neo-Killer doesn’t care much for theatrics or pulling off publicity stunts to get everyone’s attention the way that most supervillains do. He operates in a very low key fashion, committing crimes which leave local police departments stumped and which even the G-Men have a hard time understanding. Plus, the Neo-Killer’s existence is supposed to be a G-Man secret, because we don’t want the superhuman community panicking if they learn that a serial killer is specifically targeting people like us.”
“Wait,” I said. “So you’re saying that a serial killer who specializes in murdering superhumans is yet another secret you G-Men are keeping from the general public? Can’t say I’m surprised, honestly, but—”
“It’s Director Smith’s orders,” said Phobia. “I don’t agree with it, but he wants the G-Men to deal with it, rather than the NHA or the INJ. Says the G-Men can handle this on our own, which I am not entirely sure of myself, but that’s his reasoning behind it.”
“So it’s ego, then?” I said with a snort. “Yeah, I guess we have been making the G-Men look incompetent by how well we’ve handled a lot of threats, including a few the G-Men themselves made. Not surprised to hear that Cadmus is getting tired of being made a fool of. I’d probably feel the same way if I was him.”
Phobia pulled the shroud back over Sean’s face. “It doesn’t really matter what Director Smith’s reasoning for keeping the existence of the Neo-Killer a secret. At this point, it’s only a matter of time before the Neo-Killer takes out a high profile target and begins attracting the wrong kind of attention. Better to hear about him from me rather than the media, which usually isn’t very careful about accurately reporting the facts on sensational cases.”
“Do we know who this Neo-Killer guy is?” I said. “His real identity, I mean. Not his serial killer name.”
“That’s the thing,” said Phobia. “We don’t know anything about him at all. He just appeared out of the blue one day three months ago and has been killing superhumans ever since. What we’ve been able to piece together from the little evidence that we do have is that he started somewhere in California, near the ruins of San Francisco, but other than that, we know virtually nothing about his background or real identity. For all intents and purposes, the Neo-Killer simply appeared out of nowhere one day and started killing supers because he can.”
The mention of San Francisco made me feel a little uncomfortable. San Francisco was the only Earth city to have been destroyed during the second Pokacu invasion that happened last year. Millions of people died that day, but rebuilding efforts started up almost as soon as the Pokacu were defeated. As far as I knew, San Francisco was still under construction and the exact number of people who died in that attack was still not known. I was also aware that the INJ was playing a large role in the rebuilding efforts due to their based being in California, which was part of the reason why the INJ was a lot less active than the NHA at the moment.
“Regardless of his origin, one thing is clear,” said Phobia, holding up one finger. “He hates superhumans, enough to go on a killing spree across the whole country. And a very successful one, at that, because he’s taken out quite a few powerful superhumans in his short criminal career.”
“How long have you known about him?” I said.
“Since Day One,” Phobia replied, “because his first victim was INJ member Paul Josef, codename Quicksand, who was killed while patrolling the streets of a small California town near San Francisco, which is home to a lot of San Francisco refugees, which naturally resulted in a spike in crime. We initially thought that that the Neo-Killer was targeting G-Men agents, but then he killed his second victim—a smalltime criminal known as Freak Out—in Arizona, followed by the murder of independent superhero Flatfoot in New Mexico the following week, and we realized that we were dealing with a serial killer who targets superhumans in general, regardless of what organization they belong to.”
“But how do you know this is the same killer if you haven’t caught him yet?” I said.
“Because he always kills his victims the same way,” said Phobia. “First, he sprays them with powerless gas, usually sneaking up on them when they are alone and spraying them when they least expect it. Then he shoots them either in the head or the heart and leaves the body—which is always spotless, by the way, so we figure he probably wears gloves to avoid leaving fingerprints—to be found by other people. He never leaves a calling card or any way to identify him, which means he’s probably trying to remain under the radar.”
“Not until now,” said Brains. “Bolt, do you remember that letter found on Earth King’s desk?”
“The one that said I’m next?” I said. “Yeah, I remember. What about it?”
“That was written by the Neo-Killer,” said Phobia, folding his arms in front of his chest. “The reason I am in Showdown today is because I have managed to track the Neo-Killer down to this city. After examining the evidence, I have come to the conclusion that the Neo-Killer is the murderer of Earth King and Sean Meyer, and that his next target is you, Bolt.”
I put my hand on my chest. “Me? Why me? What did I ever do to hurt him?”
“Nothing,” said Phobia simply. “As far as we can tell, the Neo-Killer is driven by bigotry against superhumans. That’s why he attacks heroes and villains alike because, in his eyes, they are all the same. He probably just hates you because you are a fairly well-known superhuman.”
“But that doesn’t make sense,” I said. “You yourself said that the Neo-Killer is trying to stay under the radar. If he kills me, wouldn’t that raise his profile and make him famous?”
Phobia shrugged. “All I know is that he left that note threatening your life. Perhaps he doesn’t care anymore. Despite following this case for a couple of months, I still don’t quite understand the Neo-Killer’s motives.”
I looked at Sean’s shrouded corpse. “What about Sean here? Why would he kill Sean?”
“His body was found just a few short hours after Earth King’s death,” said Phobia. “If I had to guess, I would say that the Neo-Killer was frustrated that he couldn’t kill you at the bakery, so he took it out on Sean here. It would explain all the blood we found in Sean’s apartment.”
I cringed, briefly imagining Sean’s corpse lying on the floor of some apartment somewhere, the walls covered in his own blood. “He must be absolutely insane, then.”
“No doubt about it,” Phobia agreed. He adjusted his glasses. “The Neo-Killer has killed teenage and adult superhumans alike. I imagine he doesn’t care how old you are, only that you are a superhuman and thus need to be killed.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Brains and Vanish share a worried look. No doubt they were thinking about their own son, Joey, who had not manifested his own powers yet. It was possible that Joey might not be a superhuman—genetics was weird like that—but given how both of his parents were superhumans, the odds were high that Joey would start manifesting superpowers of his own when he reached his teenage years. Even without Brains’ telepathy, I could tell they were now worried that the Neo-Killer might come after their son at some point.
“Currently, a couple of my assistants are on the streets looking for information on the Neo-Killer’s current location,” Phobia continued. “This is the closest we’ve ever gotten to capturing the Neo-Killer, so we’ve set up our own office downtown to be our base of operations while we search for him. We think he is still somewhere in the city because he didn’t kill you, which means he will probably try to kill you again when you least expect it.”
“We’ve offered Phobia our full cooperation as he and his assistants search for the Neo-Killer,” said Brains. “That’s why Phobia is in the Braindome today. We plan to work alongside him very closely until the Neo-Killer is captured.”
“I see,” I said. I looked at Phobia again. “Does the Neo-Killer have any superpowers that you know of?”
Phobia shook his head. “We don’t know what if any, powers he has. Given his obvious hatred of superhumans and his frequent use of powerless gas, it’s possible he might not have any powers at all, but may be an ordinary human who hates us.”
“I didn’t think normal humans hated us enough to want to kill us,” I said uneasily.
“Most don’t,” said Phobia. “Most normal humans don’t harbor prejudice against superhumans. However, there is definitely a loud minority of normal humans who have made it their life’s mission to treat us with the grossest bigotry imaginable. And there have been cases of normal humans killing superhumans before, especially over the last year with the explosion of powerless gas in the black market.”
I frowned. Hearing all this talk about ordinary humans who hated superhumans reminded me of my old friend, Tara Reynolds, who I had not spoken to in quite some time. She was an ordinary human who hated and distrusted superhumans thanks to the murder of her father at the hands of one. Tara softened her stance on superhumans after getting to know me, but even when she hated superhumans, I never thought she’d murder them. I wondered how Tara was doing nowadays. Maybe I should call her next time I get a moment.
“So, our primary objective here in Showdown is to arrest the Neo-Killer for his crimes,” Phobia continued. “To that end, we will work with the Braindome. And with any luck, we should capture the Neo-Killer very soon, because it is only a matter of time before he comes after you again, Bolt.”
I folded my arms in front of my chest. “I’m not afraid of any serial killer, Neo or otherwise, but I thought you were going to offer me a spot in the Superhuman Relocation Project, like the last time a supervillain came after me and my family.”
Phobia adjusted his glasses. “If we moved you into the Compound under the Atlantic, it would keep you safe from the Neo-Killer, true, but it would also make it harder for us to lure him out into the open. We need you to stay in Showdown as bait, for want of a better word.”
“Bait?” I repeated. “I’m not bait. And I’m certainly not going to be bait for you guys. Knew you had something up your sleeve.”
Phobia smiled. “Weren’t you just saying that you aren’t afraid of the Neo-Killer? I take that to mean you have no plans to leave the city anyway. If so, then what is the problem? The Neo-Killer will come after you regardless. Why should we not take advantage of that in order to arrest him?”
I opened my mouth to argue, but then thought about it and realized, with a jolt, that Phobia’s logic was pretty ironclad. As much as I distrusted the G-Men, it might not be such a bad thing to have them around with a superhuman serial killer on the loose. Especially if the Neo-Killer was actually targeting me, which seemed like a fact, given the note he left on Earth King’s desk.
Still, there seemed to be something wrong with a government employee telling me, one of the citizens he was supposed to protect, that he was going to use me as bait to lure out a serial killer who the government had failed to capture or stop so far. Guess I shouldn’t expect better from the G-Men.
“All right,” I said. “Is that all you needed to talk with us about or—”
“That’s all for now,” said Phobia. He looked down at Sean’s corpse again and sighed. “I really hope that the next corpse I see under this shroud isn’t yours, Bolt. I know you probably don’t believe me, but it’s the truth. I can’t stand the Neo-Killer and want to see him brought to justice for his horrifying crimes.”
I was taken aback by the genuine anger in Phobia’s voice. Combined with his sincere words earlier and I was starting to realize that Phobia might very well be one of the few good G-Men in that organization, if not the only good one. Then again, he did just admit to wanting to use me as bait to capture a serial killer, so again, I couldn’t expect too much from these people.
Phobia readjusted his glasses once again and looked at Brains. “Well, Brains, I think it is time for me to leave. I will call you again sometime tomorrow morning so we can go over the details of Earth King’s murder in more depth. For now, I would suggest keeping an eye on Bolt and doubling up on the Braindome’s security. The Neo-Killer might not be a superhuman, but it would be foolish to underestimate him.”
With that, Phobia walked out of the crime lab, leaving the three of us standing around Sean’s body, an awkward silence falling over us as we thought about Phobia’s warning.
And for the first time in a long while, I felt truly afraid. I didn’t need Phobia to tell me about how tough the Neo-Killer was, because I already had experience fighting him in the bakery last night … a fight I had lost.
***

CHAPTER TWELVE

As soon as Phobia left the room, Brains turned toward me and said, “Where were you this morning?”
“Huh?” I said, snapping out of my thoughts and looking at Brains. “What did you say?”
“I said, where were you this morning?” said Brains. “When I went to your room to get you when Phobia showed up, your bed was empty and no one could find you in the Braindome. We seriously thought you might have been killed by the Neo-Killer until we called you and you answered your earcoms.”
Dang it. I had forgotten all about sneaking out to Vault B without Brains’ permission. Phobia’s news about the Neo-Killer had pushed those thoughts out of my brain completely. And now I was remembering my original plan to go in and out of Vault B before Brains and Vanish got up and noticed me missing. Just my luck that I would be caught flatfooted like this.
“I …” I struggled to think up an excuse. “I—”
“We were visiting Vault B earlier,” said Valerie in our earcoms all of a sudden. “It is located in rural upstate New York, well away from any towns or cities.”
“What?” said Brains. “Bolt, is this true? Did you really go to Vault B this morning by yourself?”
I held up my hands. “Listen, Brains, I can explain—”
“No, you can’t,” said Brains, shaking his head. “You once again disobeyed my orders, and not even a day after the first time, either. And this time, you could have gotten yourself killed.”
“I was perfectly safe the entire time,” I said, folding my arms in front of my chest again.
“Except for the Security Spider,” Valerie added. “That almost killed you.”
“Val, you are not helping right now,” I said under my breath.
“I don’t know what a Security Spider is, but it doesn’t sound like a good thing,” said Brains. “In any case, you should have at least told us where you were going. We might not be your parents, but you’re under our authority now and we are responsible for you and your safety.”
“I know that,” I said. “It’s just—”
“No, you don’t know that,” Brains interrupted me. “Otherwise you would have listened to me. As it is, you went off and did your own thing against my wishes. That is insubordination, which we can’t have, especially with the Neo-Killer running around coming for you.”
I bit my lower lip. Once again, I found it hard to argue with Brains’ point. And it wasn’t like he was wrong. Freya very nearly killed me back there in Vault B. Had Valerie not stepped in and saved me, I wouldn’t even be having this conversation with Brains at all. Now that I thought about it, sometimes it sure did seem like the only reason I survived half the crud I did was because of luck or because someone helped me.
“Okay, so I messed up,” I said, holding up my hands. “I won’t do that again, though I’m not sure what you are going to do to me. Ground me again?”
Brains held out his hand. “Give me your Teleportation Buckle. That’s what you used to escape, right? We’ll confiscate it from you until the Neo-Killer is captured.”
I put my hands on the Buckle but did not turn it. “My Teleportation Buckle? But this belonged to my Dad.”
“I am aware of that, but like I said, you used it to defy my orders the first time,” said Brains. “Therefore, I am going to take it away from you until this situation is over.”
“But what if I need it to escape the Neo-Killer at some point?” I said. I nodded at Vanish. “I don’t have teleportation powers like Vanish here. If he corners me and hits me with powerless gas—”
“I already have that figured out,” said Brains. “Ever heard of something called powerless training?”
I thought hard about Brains’ question for a second. “A long time ago, yes, but I couldn’t tell you what it is, exactly.”
“It’s a type of training that some superhumans take to become better fighters,” Vanish said suddenly. She was decidedly not looking at Sean’s shrouded corpse, her eyes fixed on me. “Essentially, you learn how to fight without powers.”
I frowned. “I know how to throw a punch, even without my super strength.”
“But do you know how to fight?” said Brains. He smiled wryly. “The reality is that a lot of superhumans are lazy. We rely on our powers to get us out of tight situations, which is fine and all, but it tends to leave us almost useless if our powers are negated or we can’t use them for some reason.”
“It’s become especially bad with the increasing popularity of powerless gas,” Vanish added. She leaned forward and whispered, “That’s one of the dirty secrets you might not read on Neo Ranks or Neo News. Criminals—from petty thieves to drug lords—are arming themselves with powerless gas weapons. It’s becoming more and more dangerous on the streets to be a superhuman of any sort. Even supervillains aren’t immune from this, because a lot of the old-fashioned crime bosses who they displaced are on the rise again thanks to the powerless gas they’ve gotten their hands on.”
“But you know this already,” said Brains to me. “After all, you were nearly killed by the Neo-Killer himself last night.”
I nodded. After a month in Showdown helping Brains and Vanish crack down on crime, I knew that every word they said was true, although even I hadn’t realized how bad it was getting out there. More than once over the last month, I wondered if we really thwarted the Pokacu at all or if their defeat had served only to empower the bad guys on our own planet.
“Problem is, lots of superhumans are still stuck in the past, mentally speaking,” said Brains. He rubbed the side of his head. “They still think that superhumans are more or less invincible, that we just have to worry about petty crooks with bad aim and even worst fighting skills. Powerless gas has changed that completely, which is why powerless training is vital and will become increasingly so well into the future.”
“I see,” I said, “but won’t we run out of powerless gas eventually? I mean, I know that a lot of Pokacu ships crashed all over the planet, but it has to be used up at some point, doesn’t it?”
Brains and Vanish exchanged significant looks that I didn’t like at all. They seemed to be talking to each other, which wasn’t entirely unrealistic because Brains was a telepath and he could easily speak to his wife mentally if he had to.
“In theory, yes,” said Brains hesitatingly, “in practice … well, we’ve seen some troubling evidence that criminals are either manufacturing their own powerless gas or buying it from someone else.”
My eyes widened. “Manufactured powerless gas? I didn’t know that it was even possible to make it.”
“But we’re still not sure,” Vanish added quickly. “Official estimates from the Department of Superpowered and Extraterrestrial Beings are that there are about ten million gallons of powerless gas all over the globe, with the vast majority of it coming from the US and China, though there are sizable amounts found in Russia, Brazil, and Japan, too, and trace amounts in various other countries. So right now there’s plenty of gas for criminals to use without needing to make more, but—”
“It doesn’t matter,” Brains interrupted her. “The point is that the world is changing. It always is, of course, but this time not in our favor. Therefore, powerless training is going to become more and more important as time goes on.”
“Are you saying I will need to practice it if I am going to survive?” I said.
“It will help you if you are sprayed with powerless gas again,” said Brains. “Nothing will guarantee you absolute protection or survival from anyone or anything, but every new skill you pick up increases your chances of survival against even the strongest opponents. Therefore, starting today, Vanish and I will start training you in powerless training.”
“Starting today?” I repeated. “Like, right now?”
“Not right now, no,” said Brains, shaking his head. “After lunch. It’s too early to begin right now. Besides, I don’t think Jerry, our local crime lab technician, would be very happy if we used his crime lab as a gym. We can use the Practice Arena for that. Until then, I suggest you go back to your room and get ready. Powerless training requires a different mindset than normal training, so it’s important to prepare yourself.”
“What about Vault B?” I said. “Aren’t you going to ask me what I found there?”
“Valerie can tell us,” said Brains. “Right, Valerie?”
“Yes,” said Valerie in our earcoms. “I can fill you in on the discoveries that Bolt and I made, as well as detailed information on the Vault’s security systems and the type of equipment stored within. I am already compiling a report you will be able to read on your computer.”
“Excellent,” said Brains. He looked at me. “They didn’t call your Dad ‘Genius’ for nothing, did they? If he can make an AI as smart as Valerie, I can’t imagine what else he could have created if he didn’t die.”
Thinking about Freya and Vault B, I said, “Yeah, I wonder about that sometimes, too.”
***

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

A few hours later, I stood in the Practice Arena in the Braindome, my hands balled into fists, standing opposite Vanish. Vanish had done her long brown hair back in a neat ponytail to keep it from getting in her eyes during our practice session. She was currently doing her warm-up technique, stretching her arms and legs and twisting her head back and forth to get the kinks out of her neck.
I was also warming up, but I kept looking around the Practice Arena, too. It was a large indoor training area, reserved exclusively for people who worked in the Braindome. There was something for everyone here, like weights for normal humans and specialized training equipment for superhumans. I myself trained here frequently, though I’ll admit to not visiting as often as I should over the last week or so. I was so strong that I found it easy to forget about my training because it wasn’t like I was going to become weaker if I stopped training.
There was even a small seating area off to the side, out of the way of the rest of the Arena, for people to rest and watch. Brains sat on the stands, holding Joey, his and Vanish’s one-year-old son, in his arms. He was currently rocking Joey back and forth in an attempt to get him to go to sleep, but little Joey did not seem even remotely tired. He was staring all around at the Practice Arena with those big eyes of his as if fascinated by it. Then again, little kids always seemed fascinated by everything, perhaps because they were so young and didn’t have much experience. I was glad I wasn’t a little kid anymore, though, because being a kid sucked, even though my childhood was pretty good, all things considered.
“Bolt?” said Vanish. She had stopped warming up and now stood with her hands on her hips, looking at me expectantly. “Done warming up yet?”
Stretching my legs one last time, I stood up and said, “Yeah. I’m ready when you are.”
“Good,” said Vanish, brushing back a thin strand of hair that got in her face. “We don’t have a lot of time today, so we’re going to try to make this session quick. We’ll do another one tomorrow, but for now, we’re going to focus on the basics of powerless training.”
My eyes darted over to Brains, who was now feeding Joey milk in a bottle. “Why am I training with you? Not that I think you aren’t a good fighter or anything, but I figured I would be training with Brains.”
Vanish smiled. “Honey has some experience in powerless training like me, that’s true, but I’m more experience at it than I am. I’m actually considered something of an authority on the subject because before becoming a superhero, I was a martial arts instructor at my own dojo.”
My eyes returned to Vanish. “You were a martial arts instructor and you ran your own dojo? I would never have guessed. You don’t seem like the type.”
Vanish shrugged. “It’s not something I like to bring up all the time. It was in the past. My main priorities nowadays are Ryan and Joey. Well, and protecting Showdown, too, of course, but my family is my main priority at the moment. But I still remember my martial artist days with a lot of fondness.”
“Interesting,” I said. “I’m guessing that powerless training involves a lot of martial arts?”
Vanish nodded. “Yes, but it would be a big mistake to boil it down to just martial arts. A lot of superhumans think that powerless training is just about learning basic self-defense techniques, which is why so many superhumans look down upon it, but I can tell you that there is a lot more to it than that. It’s a completely different style of combat that requires you to rethink your whole approach to fighting, especially if you are used to using your powers to win fights.”
“Sounds good to me,” I said. I raised my fists. “Are we going to start now? Because I’m ready when you are.”
Vanish also took a fighting stance, spreading her legs to give her a strong foundation and raising her hands to her sides. “Yes, but before we start, we need to go over a couple of rules.”
“Rules?” I said. “What kind of rules?”
“For one, no powers,” Vanish said, wagging a finger at me. “That’s rule number one of powerless training. Both of us will not use our powers at all during this fight. And if you do, Brains will step in and stop you with his powers.”
I glanced back at the stands. Brains was watching the fight now, while little Joey was happily sucking on a bottle of milk. Brains gave us a thumbs up briefly before lowering his hand back down. “And what are the other rules?”
“That’s about it, really,” said Vanish. “Obviously, we’re not fighting to the death or anything like that, but you still shouldn’t hold back just you’re stronger than me. I want you to come at me with everything you’ve got, minus your powers, of course.”
I nodded. “Then what are we waiting for? Let’s get this party started!”
I rushed toward Vanish. I must have taken her by surprise because she didn’t even move as I crossed the gap between us in a few quick strides. I almost activated my super speed, but caught myself at the last minute and threw a punch at her face.
But then Vanish ducked, causing my fist to miss, and then something small rolled down her arm and into her hand. With a snap of her wrist, a long, metal pole appeared in Vanish’s hands and she slammed me in the gut with it as hard as she could.
I cried out in pain and fell down, clutching my stomach, wincing at how much it hurt. Granted, it wasn’t the worst pain I’d ever felt in my life, but it was very sudden and abrupt and took me by surprise.
“What are you doing?” said Vanish, looking down at me. She twirled her metal stick and rested it on her shoulder. “Get up. The fight isn’t over yet.”
Breathing hard, I slowly rose to my feet, keeping a careful eye on Vanish’s pole. “I didn’t know we were allowed to use weapons.”
Vanish smiled again, though this time she seemed slightly mocking. “I forgot to mention that powerless training will also cover weaponry. What kind of weapons have you used before?”
Rubbing my stomach where Vanish had hit me, I said, “Um … nothing. Oh, wait, I did use one of those bomb staffs the government gave me during the second Pokacu invasion a while back.”
“Just once?” said Vanish.
“Er, yeah,” I said. “Is that a problem?”
Vanish shook her head. “No, not really. It just means that’s yet another thing I’ll have to teach you how to use. If you ever find yourself powerless, martial arts often won’t be enough to defend yourself. You’ll need weapons, especially if you face someone like the Neo-Killer, who is well-known for shooting superhumans with his guns after de-powering them.”
“So I’m going to get to learn how to shoot guns?” I said eagerly.
“Later,” said Vanish. “Right now, I want to focus on martial arts. Then we’ll move onto poles and knives, and then guns.”
“Why can’t we do guns first?” I said. “Guns are cool.”
“They’re also exceptionally dangerous,” Vanish pointed out. “Especially if you haven’t used them before. Trust me, I’ve seen my share of shooting accidents and they’re never pretty.”
My shoulders slumped. “Okay, fine. Don’t be surprised if I get to guns quickly, though. I’m a fast learner.”
“I hope you are,” said Vanish. She then stepped back and held her pole like a spear. “Okay, let’s try that again. This time, try to avoid getting hit by me, okay?”
I nodded and we resumed our powerless training. It went on for a couple of hours, and by the end of it, I was tired and sweaty. Though I did my best to keep up with her, Vanish was surprisingly nimble on her feet, dodging and twirling out of the way of my attacks and striking back with her pole every time I left an opening. More than once, I was tempted to use one of my powers to make things easier, but I always caught myself. I had to remind myself not to punch Vanish with my super strength, because if I did, Brains would murder me before the Neo-Killer could.
So I focused on normal punches and kicks. I thought I did pretty well, but my attacks weren’t nearly as effective without my powers. A few times I managed to get a blow or two in, but they usually amounted to soft grazes which rarely bothered Vanish.
By the end of our session, I was panting and sweating with my hands on my knees, while Vanish stood opposite me looking no worse the wear for our session. She twirled her pole again and said, “You look tired, Bolt. I didn’t hurt you too badly, did I?”
Panting for breath, I looked up at Vanish and said, “Yeah, you did. What’s that pole made out of, anyway?”
“Indestructonium,” said Vanish, twirling her pole once more. “It was very expensive to make but well worth the expense. It’s saved my life more than once and I carry it with me everywhere I go.”
“Huh,” I said, wiping my sweaty hair off my forehead. “I need to get me one of those. When will I get a weapon of my own, anyway? Sure would be useful to have if I end up powerless again.”
Vanish suddenly pulled something out from her pockets and threw it at me. I caught the small object and, looking down, saw that it was a folded up pole very similar to the one Vanish carried.
“Here,” said Vanish. “That’s a practice pole you can use while we train. Sorry I didn’t give it to you sooner. It just slipped my mind.”
Frowning, I wondered if it really did slip her mind or if that was just her excuse. For all I knew, this entire training exercise might have been how Brains and Vanish chose to punish me for being so disobedient. It would certainly explain why Brains had been watching the fight with interest. Even little Joey had been paying attention during the fight, though not as much as his dad.
Shaking my head, I snapped my wrist back like Vanish did and the pole extended to its full length. It felt lightweight in my hands, making me say, “Is this also made of Indestructonium, like yours?”
“No,” said Vanish. “Training poles are just made out of ordinary metal. Mine is for self-defense and training, so I had it made out of Indestructonium so it would last in a prolonged fight against criminals and supervillains. Still, don’t be fooled. Those poles can hurt regardless of what material they’re made out of.”
I raised my pole and held it before me like a sword. “All right. Let’s start again. I want to learn how to use this so I’m not forced to swing it around like a caveman.”
Vanish nodded. “If you feel up to it after the beating I gave you, sure.”
We took up battle stances again, but before either of us could do anything, Brains suddenly shouted, “Hey, honey! I just got a call from the police. A supervillain has just been spotted in north Showdown blowing up cars and attacking civilians. We need to leave now.”
Vanish paused and looked over at Brains. “What? Did they say who it is?”
“Not sure,” said Brains. He was looking down at his phone like he was reading a report. “Police haven’t been able to identify him, but he’s pretty clearly a bad guy. We need to head out as soon as possible.”
“Okay, honey,” said Vanish. She stood up straight and pushed her pole back to its original size. “Sorry about this, Bolt, but we’re going to have to cut this session short. Maybe we can resume tomorrow. How does that sound?”
Standing up straight as well, I said, “That’s fine. After the beating you gave me, I think I could use a nap, though that will have to wait until after we take down this supervillain.”
“Actually, Bolt, you have to stay here,” said Brains. He was approaching us from the stands, carrying little Joey in his arms, who was sound asleep now. “Remember? The Neo-Killer is after you. We have to make sure he can’t get you.”
“Oh,” I said. “I forgot about that.”
“It’s not all bad,” said Vanish. She gestured at my pole. “You can stay here and train if you want. Try hitting the sandbag. It makes good target practice and should help you get used to your pole.”
I glanced at the sandbag hanging on the other side of the Arena, near the gym area, and sighed. “Sure. Not like I have anything better to do, anyway.”
“Right,” said Brains, who did not seem to notice how disappointed I was. “Well, Vanish, let’s put Joey back in his room and then head out. The situation sounded serious and we need to get there right away.”
Vanish nodded and grabbed Brains’ hand. In the next instant, the three of them were gone, leaving me standing all alone in the Practice Arena, my body sore all over from the repeated blows it had taken from Vanish’s pole.
***

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

I spent the next ten minutes or so banging my practice pole against the Arena’s sandbag, but I had to quit pretty quickly, mostly because I was so sore from my fight with Vanish that I couldn’t swing the pole very hard without hurting myself. I also quit because I couldn’t stop thinking about Brains and Vanish’s mission. I wanted to come along with them to stop this new supervillain—whoever he was—but we had already agreed that I needed to stay in the Braindome until the Neo-Killer was arrested, which meant I couldn’t even go on missions to stop supervillains like what Brains and Vanish were currently doing.
After I finished beating the pulp out of the sandbag, I tossed my practice pole aside and went back to my room. I really did need to take a nap in order to sleep off my body’s soreness. As a superhero, it was pretty normal for me to experience pain after a fight, but this soreness was new. Guess I would have to get used to it, especially if I was going to continue my powerless training with Vanish. Besides, I got up pretty early this morning anyway. I was going to need a nap no matter what, so might as well catch one now while I have the time.
Opening the door to my room, I heard someone shout, “Bolt!” and then Blizzard ran into me and practically jumped on me. She hugged me as tightly as she could and, though I was a lot stronger than her, I could barely breathe due to how tight she hugged me.
“I’m so glad to see you again,” said Blizzard, hugging me as tightly as she could. “When I heard about the Neo-Killer targeting you, I came as fast as I could.”
“Blizz?” I said in a tight voice. “I’m happy to see you again, too, but could you please let go of me? I can barely breathe.”
Blizzard let go of me and stepped back. I had forgotten just how beautiful she was in person. She was slightly shorter than me by about an inch or so, with tanned skin and snow-white hair that curtained her blue eyes. She wore her white hood and cape, which seemed like an oddly warm getup to wear in this heat, but then again, Blizzard’s body was constantly radiating coldness, so she often needed to wear warmer clothing than usual. “Sorry, Bolt. When you walked in, I was just so happy to see you that I didn’t even think. I just acted on instinct.”
“No, it’s not a problem,” I said. I rubbed my abdomen and winced. “Most of the pain came from Vanish. She just finished beating the tar out of me in the Practice Arena. She’s not very strong, but dang does she hit hard.”
“Why was Vanish beating you up?” asked Blizzard in horror. “I thought she was on our side.”
“Better question is, what are you doing here?” I said, looking at Blizzard in confusion. “I thought you were back on Hero Island training with the other Young Neos. And how did you even get into my room in the first place? I locked the door when I left earlier.”
“One of the Braindome workers let me in when I told him I’m your girlfriend,” Blizzard explained. “I told him I wanted to surprise you by waiting in your room. I got here about half an hour ago, so I haven’t been here very long.”
“Do Brains and Vanish know you’re here?” I said. “And what about Mecha Knight? I can’t imagine he would approve of this.”
“But he did,” said Blizzard. “See?”
Blizzard pulled her phone out of her pocket and showed me an email from Mecha Knight. From what I could tell, the email stated that Mecha Knight approved Blizzard’s request to travel to Showdown, Virginia, to come to see me. It looked very official and formal, which meant that Blizzard must have gone through the NHA’s bureaucracy to get this trip approved.
Blizzard pulled her phone away from me and stowed it away in the pockets of her costume. “I know you told me not to worry about you, but after our last call, I couldn’t stand just sitting on Hero Island, where I was safe from all harm, while you were out here in Showdown where you might be killed by a serial killer who targets superhumans. I wanted to make sure you were okay, that’s all.”
I rubbed the side of my head. “And Brains and Vanish know this?”
“Yep,” said Blizzard, nodding. “I forwarded them Mecha Knight’s email so they would know I’m allowed to be here. I thought it might take a while to get his approval—you know how slow and methodical Mecha Knight is—but he approved it fairly quickly. I think he’s just as concerned about your safety as I am, though he’s not very good at expressing it.”
I snorted. Mecha Knight, the supervisor of the Young Neos as well as one of my mentors, was notorious for his cold, even robotic, personality. Lots of people joked that Mecha Knight actually was a robot, which wasn’t far from the truth, though the truth about Mecha Knight’s true nature was a lot more complicated than that. “Why didn’t anyone tell me you were coming, then?”
“It was supposed to be a surprise,” said Blizzard. She put her hands together. “I wanted to surprise you when you came back to your room, so I asked Brains and Vanish not to tell you I was coming. I was worried they would say no and tell me to go back to Hero Island, but luckily they liked the idea and let me come.”
“Why would they send you back to Hero Island?” I said, tilting my head to the side. “You could be useful out here.”
“I know, but I think they’re worried about this Neo-Killer guy I keep hearing about,” said Blizzard. “I thought they might send me to Hero Island for my own safety, but luckily they didn’t. Guess they must think that I am going to stay in the Braindome, which is supposed to be safe from the Neo-Killer.”
“That’s why I’m here, rather than going out on a mission with Brains and Vanish,” I said, putting my hands on my hips. “Right now, they’re responding to a call for help in northern Showdown where a new supervillain has shown up. I wanted to go with them, but they said I had to stay here for obvious reasons.”
“I actually agree with them on this,” said Blizzard. She stepped forward, a concerned look on her face. “I hope the G-Men capture him before he gets you. He deserves to rot behind bars in Ultimate Max for the rest of his sorry life for all the evil things he’s done.”
“I agree,” I said, “which is why I don’t want you here. I know you’re worried about me, but the Neo-Killer is no joke. He’s only been in Showdown for a few days but has already killed two superhumans and nearly killed me as well. He doesn’t take prisoners.”
Blizzard put her arms around me and leaned against me, her face just inches away from my own. I went stiff because even though she wasn’t hugging me very tightly, something about the way she touched me made it hard to stay angry with her.
“I know how bad the Neo-Killer is, Bolt,” said Blizzard, never taking her eyes off of mine, “but if you think I’m just going to run away and hide on Hero Island like a good girl, you really don’t know me as well as you should. I’m a Young Neo, just like you were, and I’m almost old enough to graduate to the NHA like you. I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself and you at the same time.”
I put my arms around Blizzard and brushed her cheek with my thumb. Her skin was cool to the touch but in a nice way. “I know, Blizz, but—”
“And it’s not like we haven’t fought dangerous villains before,” Blizzard continued. “Remember the Venetians? Or the Pokacu? Even Enor could have squashed me like an ant. I think I can fight some super serial killer, especially with you by my side.”
“All right,” I said reluctantly. “I guess I can’t change your mind once you’ve got it set on something. How long are you going to be here in Showdown?”
Blizzard shrugged. “About a day or two. Mecha Knight only gave me that much time to come and see you. He doesn’t want me spending a whole lot of time away from Hero Island, especially now.”
I frowned. “Why now? Is something bad about to happen?”
“I’m not sure,” said Blizzard. She looked down at my chest as if lost in thought. “I’m hearing rumors that the Leadership Council is worried about something. They’re beefing up Hero Island security and requiring more training from NHA members than usual recently. Stinger is also spending a lot more time at the Tower of Heroes than he usually does like he’s having meetings with someone, though he insists it’s classified.”
I nodded. Stinger was the current leader of the Young Neos, my successor after I graduated. He was a trustworthy guy, but I wondered what kind of ‘classified’ information Mecha Knight was giving him. And it had to be Mecha Knight because Mecha Knight was the supervisor of the Young Neos and he used to summon me to private meetings to discuss issues and details which were too sensitive for the rest of the team to know about. “That’s not good.”
“Not good at all,” said Blizzard. She draped her arms around my neck and smiled. “But enough about that. You said Brains and Vanish are gone, which means we’re going to have some alone time. Want to know how I want to spend it?”
I smiled and held Blizzard more tightly in my arms. “I don’t need telepathy to tell what you want. And it’s exactly the same thing I want.”
Blizzard’s smile grew wider. “Great minds think alike, huh?”
I nodded and leaned in to kiss her, but before I could touch my lips to hers, Valerie suddenly spoke in my ear, saying, “Bolt, I apologize for interrupting, but I have finished compiling the information I retrieved from Freya’s files in Vault B into a readable, digestible report, available in PDF for your reading pleasure.”
Scowling, I pulled my face away from Blizzard’s and, tapping my earcom, said, “Val, is this really the time to let me know you just finished your homework? I’m busy.”
“I know, but I came across some very important and interesting information while going through her files,” Valerie continued. “Much of it is older data Genius put in while he was building Vault B, but there’s also some information which might explain how your uncle has apparently come back to life.”
I paused. “What? Really? You mean Dad might have known about Uncle Jake coming back to life?”
“Uncle Jake?” Blizzard repeated with a puzzled frown on her face. “Who’s that?”
I wanted to answer, but then Valerie said, “It is hard to describe what I found so I will send you the file on your suit-up watch. I suggest projecting a hologram of the file. That will be easier to read than on your watch’s tiny screen.”
Taking one arm off of Blizzard, I held up my suit-up watch and started scrolling through my email until I found one from Valerie with a heading ‘DOCUMENT.’ I downloaded the attached PDF and immediately opened it, making sure to activate my watch’s holographic features at the same time to ensure that both Blizzard and I could read it.
A hologram about the size of a piece of paper projected out of my watch. It showed a simple PDF document, its text perfectly readable in the glow of the hologram. Despite being such a small document, it had a lot of text, yet the text which stood out the most to me was the header, which read thus:
PROJECT REVIVAL.
FIRST TEST SUBJECT: JAKE JOHNSON
STATUS: SUCCESSFUL.
***

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

A sudden sense of relief and horror washed over me when I read that header. I didn’t read any other part of the document. In particular, my eyes were locked onto the last line—STATUS: SUCCESSFUL—which I was sure was evidence that I had finally and completely lost my mind. Even Blizzard didn’t feel quite so real to me anymore, despite her arms draped around my neck and her body pressed against mine.
“Project Revival?” said Blizzard. I realized she was also reading the same header I was. “Jake Johnson? Successful? What does this mean?”
I shook my head. My head was still murky with all of the emotions swirling through it, but I needed to focus in order to figure out what the hell was going on here. “I was about to ask the same questions. Val, you went through the docs. What does it say?”
“First, you must understand where I found this document,” said Valerie. “As I said, I was looking through some of Freya’s old files. This was in order to find out how to connect her to the wider Internet, per our agreement with her. Her AI is somewhat out of date in comparison to modern technology, so I was forced to go in and perform some updates on her AI in order to make her coding compliant with modern Internet standards. She didn’t like it, as you might guess, but she allowed it anyway once I explained it would make it easier to free her.”
“Who’s Freya?” said Blizzard. “And what’s Vault B?”
I explained to Blizzard as briefly as I could everything I found out in Vault B. It didn’t take me long, but that was mostly because I hurried through it so I could hear Valerie’s explanation for where she found this document.
“Wow,” said Blizzard when I finished my story. “I knew your dad was a smart guy, but I didn’t realize he was that smart. How many Vaults did he build?”
“Not sure,” I said. “That’s what Val was trying to find out, but it looks like she discovered something far more interesting along the way.”
I touched the hologram and began scrolling through it, but I found the text almost impossible to understand. Lots of scientific jargon, long sentences, and complex sentence structures. I knew Dad wasn’t much of a writer, but dang it if I didn’t feel like I was reading a foreign language only vaguely related to English.
“Val, what is this report?” I said. “What is Project Revival?”
“To continue on my earlier explanation, I found it while I was digging through Freya’s memory files,” said Valerie. “It was apparently created back in the year two thousand, so it is about eighteen-years-old, though it was modified a couple of times in two thousand and one, and once more in two thousand and two, which seemed to be the last time Genius updated it.”
“I still don’t understand,” I said. “What was Dad trying to do?”
“Unfortunately, the report was corrupted when I found it,” said Valerie. “When I downloaded it onto my servers and opened it at first, most of the text was ruined due to digital decay. I managed to clean up a good chunk of it, but most of it was unrecoverable. What I did find, however, was a secret project even I didn’t know about.”
“Tell us what it is,” I said, staring at the holographic PDF document hovering before us. “Or at least what you’ve been able to recover.”
“Very well,” said Valerie. “From what I have determined, Project Revival was a project that your father, Genius, started shortly after the death of the Crimson Fist. Its exact purpose is not explicitly stated, but it appears to have been an attempt by Genius to perfect a process that could create human clones which were identical in every way to their original.”
“Clones?” Blizzard repeated. “Do you mean like Triplet and his Thirds?”
“Not exactly,” said Valerie. “It is closer to actual cloning, as in, making copies of actual human beings that exist independently of the original, unlike Triplet’s Thirds, which are dependent on him for life.”
“So was Dad trying to clone Uncle Jake?” I said. “You said it was made in two thousand. That was a year after Uncle Jake was killed by Master Chaos.”
“Genius did not merely try to clone Uncle Jake,” said Valerie. “By all accounts, he succeeded.”
My eyes widened. “Then where is the clone? Why have we not known about it until now? And how come Dad never even mentioned this to us?”
“Is this really so weird?” said Blizzard. “I mean, obviously, cloning is kind of a weird thing to do, but Genius built a lot of weird machines.”
“Yeah, machines,” I said. “Dad wasn’t very interested in biology. He liked technology better. I guess he could have built a cloning machine, but that is still different from what he normally built.”
“I am not sure what happened to the Uncle Jake clone or why Genius appeared to abandon the Project,” said Valerie. “And I use the word ‘abandon’ very deliberately because it appears that he stopped updating the file at some point and I could not find any other documents related to this mysterious Project anywhere else in Freya’s files. I suspect Genius must have deleted everything related to Project Revival but somehow missed this document.”
“Does Freya know anything about this?” I said. “If Project Revival was performed in Vault B, then maybe—”
“No, she doesn’t,” Valerie said. “I asked her about it, but she said she had never heard of Project Revival. I suspect, however, that Genius must have wiped her memory of the Project at some point, because why else would I find a document related to Project Revival in Freya’s memories if she was not involved in it somehow herself?”
“But why would Genius try to clone the Crimson Fist in the first place?” said Blizzard doubtfully. She let go of me but continued to stare at the holographic document. “What made the Crimson Fist so special?”
“The Crimson Fist was my uncle,” I explained. “He and Dad were best friends before he was killed by Master Chaos. In fact, the Crimson Fist actually introduce my mom, who was his sister, to my dad. His death really shook Dad, which must be what motivated Dad to try to clone him.”
“So if the Crimson Fist hadn’t introduced your mom to Genius, then you would never have been born?” said Blizzard. She smiled and kissed me on the cheek. “Then I guess I know who to thank for you.”
I smiled back at her, but then shook my head and looked at the document again. “Val, does the document say what happened to the clone of Uncle Jake?”
“No,” said Valerie. “As I said, it appears that at some point Genius went on a mass deletion spree to wipe out all traces of Project Revival. I was lucky to find this single, corrupted document.”
“Meaning Dad was trying to hide something,” I said, stroking my chin, “but what?”
“Whatever he was trying to hide, it must not have been good,” said Blizzard. “People don’t mass delete things unless they have something to hide. Not saying your dad was doing anything wrong, Bolt, but maybe he did something he regretted and didn’t want anyone to know he did it.”
I wanted to argue with Blizzard about that, but deep down, I knew I couldn’t. Whatever Project Revival really was—whatever happened to Uncle Jake’s clone—must have been bad enough that Dad, who rarely deleted anything, decided it was better to delete it all and pretend like it never happened at all than to acknowledge its existence. And that made me wonder if I was making a big mistake by investigating this, potentially opening a Pandora’s box that I would never be able to close.
“I make no conclusions about Genius’ behavior myself,” said Valerie, “although I will note that it is odd that Genius would do this. If he made some kind of mistake, he was usually the first to admit it. That he would try to hide it seems out of character for him.”
“I know,” I said, “which is why you need to dig deeper, Val. Keep looking through Vault B’s files and see what you can find. If Dad missed one file, he might have missed more. Also, try to find out if Freya has any deleted files in her memory and if you can recover them.”
“Yes, sir,” said Valerie. “But before I leave, there is one interesting clue I found in the Project Revival document which I think should catch your interest. Let me show it to you.”
The holographic document suddenly began scrolling on its own at an absurdly fast pace before coming to an abrupt stop somewhere near the end. Unfortunately, this particular part of the document seemed more corrupt than the rest, because I could only make out a few letters and numbers. The rest was distorted gibberish which hurt my eyes just to look at.
“What are we supposed to be looking at, Val?” I said, squinting my eyes at the corrupted text. “It looks like a big, unreadable mess.”
“Most of it is, but I did manage to clean up some of it and made an interesting discovery,” said Valerie. “It appears that Genius did not work on Project Revival alone. As for who his partner was … I think you will have no trouble recognizing the name because it is someone you have met in the past.”
Before I could ask Valerie what she meant, the document suddenly zoomed toward the very last lines. The text here was corrupted gibberish, at least until it was cleared away, like leaves being pulled back by a rake, and showed two recognizable signatures.
The first was Dad’s. It was quite distinctive, because Dad had horrible handwriting, so his signature usually looked like the letter ‘G’ followed by a ton of scribbles.
The second signature, however, was nicer and caught my eye. Yet at the same time, I couldn’t believe it. It made no sense.
“No way …” I muttered. “Mecha Knight?”
***

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Unfortunately, Valerie was unable to provide any explanation for Mecha Knight’s signature being at the end of the document. She did say that she was going to make sure to comb through Vault B’s remaining files with a fine comb, but somehow I doubted she would find anything more. Still, I didn’t see any harm in letting her look, so I told her to get back to work and report back to me as soon as she found anything interesting.
Thus, Valerie left me and Blizzard alone in my room, but we didn’t have the fun we were planning to have earlier. I sat down on my bed and put my hands on my forehead, thinking about this revelation. Not only had Dad tried to clone my dead uncle, but Mecha Knight helped him, apparently. Yet Mecha Knight, like Dad, never saw fit to mention that particular fact to me even when I was in the Young Neos back on Hero Island. It made me wonder just what other secrets Mecha Knight was keeping from me other than this.
Blizzard sat down next to me and put an arm around my shoulders. “Hey, Bolt, are you okay? You seem stressed.”
I looked at Blizzard. “Why wouldn’t I be? My dad tried to clone my deceased uncle and my mentor helped him and neither one even mentioned that to me. And now my uncle’s clone is apparently wandering around somewhere, having broken into one of Dad’s secret vaults—which is another thing Dad never told me about—and stolen some of his old technology for some unknown reason. Oh, and I can’t forget the Neo-Killer, either.”
“I know how stressful this all must be to you, but I still think you should calm down a little,” said Blizzard. “I’m sure Mecha Knight has a good reason for not telling us this. I’m not sure what that good reason is, but—”
“Maybe,” I interrupted. I stood up and began pacing back and forth in front of Blizzard, my hands folded behind my back. “Still, this is a lot of information to take in all at once. Next time I see Mecha Knight, I should ask him about this and see what his response is.”
“I could ask him when I go back to Hero Island the day after tomorrow,” Blizzard offered. “I’ll have to report back to him in person when I return to Hero Island, so I could ask him then.”
I stopped and looked at Blizzard. “Blizz, I appreciate the offer, but I’m not sure I want to involve you in this. Plus, Mecha Knight probably wouldn’t answer your question just because you asked. He’d likely just ignore it or tell you to go away. I need to talk to him myself.”
“Then call him up,” said Blizzard. “You have his number, don’t you? Why not call him up right now and ask him about Project Revival?”
I stared at Blizzard in a deadpan way. “Yeah, like Mecha Knight would just be willing to honestly answer my questions about this top-secret project he was involved in that he never even mentioned to another human being before. And Mecha Knight definitely isn’t the type to keep secrets like that, no sir.”
“It was just a suggestion,” said Blizzard. “Just trying to be helpful here. No need to snip.”
“I know,” I said with a sigh. I rubbed my forehead. “So much stuff has happened over the past couple of days that I’m a little on edge. Hard to be relaxed when a notorious and highly successful serial killer has chosen you to be his next target and you’re forced to sit inside all day until someone else stops him.”
“True,” said Blizzard. “Still, I’m sure we’ll get this all figured out. As long we still have each other, we’ll be okay.”
“You’re right,” I said. I sighed again and looked at the ceiling. “Being cooped up here in the Braindome is what’s really driving me up a wall, honestly. I’d prefer to be out on the streets helping Brains and Vanish catch criminals. I feel like a trapped rat here.”
“I understand,” said Blizzard. She stroked her chin. “I’ve got an idea. Why don’t you give me a tour of the Braindome? I haven’t had much of a chance to look around. If I’m going to spend the next couple of days here, I should at least get to know the place a bit.”
“Not a bad idea, actually,” I said. “It would also keep my mind off this crap, but I’m still worried about it.”
Blizzard stood up and walked up to me. “Don’t be. You don’t really have anything to worry about, anyway. The Neo-Killer can’t even get in here, so you’re perfectly safe.”
I smiled and took Blizzard’s hand. “You’re absolutely right, Blizz. Come on. We’ll start our tour at the Practice Arena. It’s my favorite place in the whole facility. I’m sure you’ll love it, too.”
-
Our tour of the Braindome lasted about an hour or so. I took Blizzard to every room in the place, from the crime lab in the basement to the helicopter pad on the roof. I also introduced her to a lot of the workers, who were all perfectly happy to see her. One woman even wanted to take a selfie with Blizzard, surprisingly enough, which was how I found out that Blizzard had a lot of fans on her own. Not that I was entirely surprised to learn that, however. I was a pretty big fan of her myself, after all, being her boyfriend and all.
It was a nice distraction from the revelations of the past day. It felt more like a date than a tour, honestly, which was nice because it had been over a month since our last date and I had been worried that we might not gel together after being apart for so long. Yet our little date went as well as our previous dates had, which was a relief.
We ended the tour when lunch rolled around and I took her to the Braindome’s cafeteria. The Braindome’s cafeteria was located on the ground floor and reminded me a lot of the cafeteria at my old high school in Texas, only smaller, cleaner, and with much better food. We grabbed pizza and fries and sat down to eat at one of the tables when Brains and Vanish walked into the cafeteria. The two of them looked exhausted, especially Brains, who was practically dragging himself into the cafeteria. They didn’t look hurt, but I imagine they must have been exhausted from dealing with whatever supervillain they had been fighting in Showdown earlier.
I waved at them and they waved back, but they didn’t come over to sit with us until they got their food. Once they filled their trays, Brains and Vanish sat down next to us, Brains on my side of the table and Vanish on Blizzard’s side, though even sitting down they looked very tired.
“Are you guys all right?” said Blizzard, looking from Brains to Vanish and back again. “Was that villain really hard to beat?”
“The villain we just defeated was a lot tougher than we anticipated,” Brains said with a yawn. “He called himself Razorblade and could cut through just about anything. Made him hard to capture, though we beat him in the end.”
Vanish tugged at a portion of her hair that looked strangely shorter than the rest. “He got some of my hair when I wasn’t paying attention. I feel embarrassed just walking around like this, but I won’t be able to do anything about it until it regrows.”
“Why not cut the rest of your hair to match?” said Blizzard. “It wouldn’t look very pretty, I guess, but it would look a lot better than it does now.”
“I might very well have to do that,” said Vanish with a sigh. “Not looking forward to it. I love my hair the way it is and hate changing it.”
“Don’t worry, honey,” said Brains. “I still think you’re beautiful no matter how you do your hair. It’s all fine to me.”
“Thanks, Ryan,” said Vanish, flashing a smile back at him. “I knew you would say that, but I appreciate it just the same.”
I leaned forward just then and said, “What about the Neo-Killer? Heard any news about him while you guys were out?”
Brains shook his head. “Unfortunately, no. Phobia and his agents are still searching the city for him. Phobia says they’re narrowing down the list of possible hideouts, but I’m not sure they’ll have any luck finding him. Showdown is a big city and there are a ton of places for a criminal like the Neo-Killer to hide.”
“Well, I hope they find him soon,” I said as I took a bite out of my pizza. “I’m getting bored in here, even with Blizzard. I want to be back out on the streets helping you guys keep Showdown safe again.”
“Understandable, but until the Neo-Killer is arrested, you are going to have to stay put,” said Brains. “It’s for your own safety.”
“We can always resume our powerless training if you want,” said Vanish after taking a sip of her water bottle. “Defeating Razorblade took a lot less time than I thought it would. We could resume after lunch if you’d like.”
“Powerless training?” Blizzard said. She looked at me. “Are you training to fight without powers?”
I nodded. “Yeah. Brains suggested it. That way, if the Neo-Killer sprays me with powerless gas again, I won’t be entirely defenseless.”
“Cool,” said Blizzard. “I’ve always wanted to take powerless training myself, but have never been able to find the time to do it.”
“You definitely should,” said Vanish. “Every superhuman could benefit from knowing how to defend themselves without their powers, especially nowadays, with powerless gas being so rampant. I could train you if you’d like.”
“Thanks for the offer, Vanish, but since I’m not going to be here very long, I’m afraid I will have to decline,” said Blizzard. “But maybe sometime in the future you can come to Hero Island and teach a class there. I’d definitely attend it.”
Vanish smiled. “Perhaps when Joey is older. Right now, I don’t want to travel too much and leave him alone. But I’ll keep it in mind.”
Blizzard nodded, but then she touched her stomach and said, “Uh oh. Does anyone know where the bathroom is? I need to use it.”
Brains jerked a thumb over his shoulder. “Just down the hallway and to the right. Not hard to find.”
“Thanks,” said Blizzard. She stood up. “I’ll be back in a flash.”
Blizzard quickly left our table and then the cafeteria itself, leaving me sitting alone with Brains and Vanish. I watched her go for a moment until she disappeared through the cafeteria doors, after which point I returned to eating my pizza.
“Blizzard’s such a nice girl,” said Vanish. She looked at me with a smile. “Isn’t she?”
I nodded and swallowed the rest of my pizza. “Yeah. One of the reasons I love her.”
“How long have the two of you been dating?” said Brains as he wiped his mouth with a paper napkin.
“About a year now,” I said. “It sure feels shorter, though. Time seems to fly whenever I’m with her.”
Brains chuckled. “I felt the same way when I was dating Vanish. Actually, Vanish and I weren’t much older than you and Blizzard when we first met, right, honey?”
“Right,” said Vanish, nodding. “But we didn’t start dating until we graduated high school, and didn’t get married until after college.”
“How long have you two been married, anyway?” I said, glancing from Brains to Vanish and back again.
“Five years this month,” said Brains. “And we’re just as in love as the day we first met.”
“More, actually,” said Vanish. “And now we have Joey, who makes our little family complete.”
I nodded. It all sounded kind of cheesy to me, but at the same time, I also kind of liked hearing them. “Good to hear. You guys seem happy together.”
“We are,” said Brains. He suddenly looked at me with a mischievous smile on his face. “So, when are you going to propose to Blizzard?”
I was in the middle of taking a drink from my soda when Brains asked that question and I nearly choked on it. “What did you say?”
“I was just asking when you plan to propose to Blizzard,” said Brains. “The two of you have been together for over a year now and obviously love each other a lot. Why not take the relationship to the next level, if your relationship is as serious as it seems?”
I gulped and put my soda can down, glad that my costume could hide my blushing face. “Well, we’re both kind of young—”
“So?” said Vanish. “My own parents got married when they were seventeen and sixteen each and they’ve been married for over sixty years. I think you two could make it work.”
“Uh, maybe,” I said, shifting uncomfortably in my seat. “It just seems a little sudden …”
“Have you at least considered doing it?” said Brains. “Not saying you have to—you shouldn’t get married unless you really want to—but I just wonder if that thought has ever crossed your mind before.”
I took another bite from my pizza so I wouldn’t have to answer right away. The answer was that I had considered proposing to Blizzard at some point and I kind of suspected that Blizzard expected me to as well. I just hadn’t done it yet because I was busy with other things. It wasn’t like I planned to dump her for anyone better at some point. I mean, I guess we could always break up for some reason, but that just didn’t seem likely to happen. Marriage seemed like the next logical step in our relationship, but I was hesitant to take that step for some reason. I guess I just didn’t feel ready for it, though that seemed like a lame excuse whenever I said that aloud.
“Well, whether you’ve thought about it or not, you should at least consider it,” said Brains. “Ultimately, it is your choice, but if you ever need someone to talk to about marriage, I’m your man.”
“Same here,” said Vanish. “We’re always ready and willing to support you, Bolt, even if you do disobey us sometimes.”
I cracked a smile. “Uh, thanks, you—”
“I’m back,” said Blizzard suddenly, sitting down at her seat. “Did I miss anything?”
I exchanged quick looks with Brains and Vanish before saying, “No, you didn’t. We were just discussing my powerless training again. That’s all.”
Blizzard nodded in understanding and then returned to eating her food. I watched her eat for a moment before I resumed eating again as well, but my thoughts began to wander despite how hungry I was.
I still didn’t feel quite ready to marry just yet, but on the other hand, was anyone ever truly ready to get married? Seemed like every married couple I knew always told me that you could never truly prepare for marriage or children. It made me wonder just what I was waiting for, exactly, especially since I suspected that most of our friends would be supportive of a marriage between us and it would probably work out well.
I pushed that thought out of my mind for now, however, to focus on finishing my lunch. I had more urgent things to worry about than marriage. I would consider it at some point, but there was no point in getting married if I was going to get killed by the Neo-Killer.
Once the Neo-Killer was arrested and it was safe for me to go out again, I would give marriage more thought.
***

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

The rest of the day was filled with powerless training. As usual, Vanish managed to kick my butt, using her Indestructonium pole to give me a hard time. More than once I was tempted to just use my powers outright and take her down, but I would always catch myself at the last minute and use my martial arts skills or pole instead. Besides, I knew that if I hit Vanish with one of my usual super punches, she would probably die or be crippled for life. She may have been a superhuman, but her powers didn’t include super strength or durability.
But unlike my last session, I was a lot better, actually getting in a few solid hits on Vanish that even she didn’t see coming. I got a lot better with my pole, too, learning how to wield it more smoothly and naturally. It didn’t quite feel like an extension of my body just yet, but it was starting to, and I felt like it would become natural after a few more sessions.
I also told Brains and Vanish about Project Revival, though I did not tell them that Mecha Knight was somehow involved. For some reason, Mecha Knight’s involvement in Project Revival seemed like something that ought to be kept secret, at least until I could figure out exactly what kind of involvement Mecha Knight had. It was just enough that Brains and Vanish knew about Project Revival and its possible aim and purpose, at least for now. I even asked Valerie not to mention Mecha Knight’s involvement in Project Revival to them, which she agreed to.
As expected, they were both horrified and shocked by this revelation. Vanish in particular became anxious when I told her about a possible clone of my uncle running around because apparently, she had a deep set fear of cloning for some reason. Brains seemed less shocked, but he still found it disturbing and said that he would inform the Leadership Council about this as soon as possible.
I wasn’t so sure about that, however. If Mecha Knight was involved in Project Revival, then would the Leadership Council even act on this information? He was a member of the Leadership Council himself, after all. I didn’t want to think he would try to squash it in order to save his reputation, necessarily, but I was still worried about it. Mostly, I was worried that the NHA might take over Vault B for ‘further investigation,’ which might mean I wouldn’t get access to it.
But it was too late now. Brains said he was going to call the NHA tonight and there was nothing I could do about it. I just told Valerie to hurry up her investigation. That way, I would at least have access to all the same information the NHA did, regardless of what the Leadership Council did.
I expected I would sleep well tonight, but before going to bed, we received a phone call from Phobia, who asked me to come to his office in the morning to talk more about the Neo-Killer. He promised me that I would be safe in his office and that he would take extra security measures to ensure that the Neo-Killer did not attack us while I was at his office.
I questioned why we couldn’t just have the interview in the Braindome, but Phobia insisted that it had to be done in his office for ‘security reasons,’ as he put it. I took that to mean that he didn’t trust Brains, which made sense because the G-Men and the NHA were not exactly on friendly terms with each other. I imagine that Phobia thought Brains might try to record the interview for his own purposes, though that seemed paranoid to me.
In any case, I accepted the interview because it was an opportunity to get out of the Braindome and go somewhere else for a change.
So, the next day after breakfast, Vanish teleported me and Blizzard to the G-Men’s headquarters in downtown Showdown. Brains volunteered to stay behind in case of emergency, but I had a feeling he really didn’t want to go talk to a G-Man agent. I couldn’t blame him. As much as I liked the idea of getting out of the Braindome, I also felt apprehensive about meeting with a G-Man agent, even if this agent claimed to be one of my fans.
We teleported into what appeared to be an open office area in downtown Showdown. It was very different from the Braindome, looking more like an ordinary open office plan than a high tech workplace. It was also a lot smaller than I expected, with just three desks set up and just as many people sitting at them. They appeared to be G-Men agents, based on the patches on their shoulders, but they wore polo shirts and slacks instead of the usual G-Men uniform, which made them look more like your typical office worker than an agent of a secretive and powerful government agency. I even wondered if they were superhumans at all. Appearances could be deceiving, but it was usually pretty obvious if a person was super or not.
As soon as we appeared, however, the three agents looked in our direction, but they didn’t seem surprised to see us, even though we teleported directly into their office. I supposed that Phobia must have told them ahead of time of our arrival here. Either that or they saw far stranger things working for the Department of Superpowered & Extraterrestrial Beings on a regular basis than a bunch of supers teleporting into their office like that.
“Are you Bolt?” said one of the agents. He was a blond-haired young man in his twenties wearing thick glasses.
I nodded. “Yeah. I’m here for my interview with Phobia. Is he still in?”
The agent nodded. “Yes, he is. He’s in his office over there.”
The agent pointed to an office door on the other side of the room, with Phobia’s name stenciled onto the fogged glass.
“He gets his own office?” said Blizzard. She looked at the agent. “Why don’t the rest of you guys have your own office?”
The agent snorted. “I know, right? But please don’t tell Phobia I said that. He doesn’t like it when we complain about, well, anything.”
I nodded, but couldn’t shake the thought that that told me everything I needed to know about Phobia. He might not have been a high-ranking G-Man, but I guess he felt like he deserved to be a little tyrant now that he has some people under his authority.
We walked over to his office door and I knocked on it once and immediately heard Phobia say, “Enter,” so I opened the door and stepped inside.
Phobia’s office was rather small, but it didn’t feel claustrophobic. A window behind Phobia was open, letting in the cool morning breeze, which also provided enough light by which to see. A ceiling fan above us was on, spinning at a gentle pace, while a bookshelf off to the side was full of the most random assortment of books and documents I had ever seen, along with a few knickknacks, such as a gnome. Phobia himself sat behind his desk, typing on a laptop, but when we entered, he stopped typing, closed his laptop, and looked up at us.
“I see you made it on time,” said Phobia. “I assume you didn’t have any trouble finding your way here?”
“None at all, given that we teleported here,” I said. “But what’s up with the open office plan? Your agents don’t seem to like it.”
Phobia frowned. “Technically, this isn’t our office. We are just renting it out until we capture the Neo-Killer. The government is paying rent and utilities, so while it’s not the best office space I’ve ever worked in, it will do for now.”
“Right,” I said. I looked around the office again. “So where are we all supposed to sit—?”
“Oh, I just want to talk to you alone,” said Phobia. He nodded at Blizzard and Vanish. “You two can sit outside. This interview is confidential. Only Bolt and I are supposed to be present for the interview.”
“But—” Blizzard said.
“It’s fine, Blizz,” I said, putting a hand on her shoulder. “I doubt this interview will take too long. You and Vanish can just wait outside. I’ll be back out before you know it.”
Blizzard frowned, but then she nodded and gave me a quick peck on the cheek before walking out of the office with Vanish. As soon as the two women left the room, I sat down on the single chair in front of Phobia’s office and looked at him. “All right, Phobia, I’m ready to start the interview when you are.”
“Yes, of course,” said Phobia. “But before we start, was that young girl in the white hood Blizzard?”
I frowned. “Yeah. She’s my girlfriend. Why do you ask?”
“No reason,” said Phobia with a shrug. “I just didn’t realize she was here in Showdown. Director Smith told me you were here by yourself.”
“I am,” I said. “She’s just visiting for a couple of days because she’s worried about the Neo-Killer. She wants to make sure I’m safe.”
Phobia chuckled. “My wife is just like her. She became very worried when I told her that I was tracking down a serial killer who specializes in targeting superhumans. She thought I might be his next victim.”
“She’s not wrong,” I said. “If this Neo-Killer guy knows you’re after him—”
“Don’t worry about me,” said Phobia, interrupting me. “The Neo-Killer already knows we’re after him. He just doesn’t care. Otherwise, he would have gone into hiding, rather than continue his cross-country murder spree.”
“I guess you’ve got a point,” I said doubtfully. “Still, what makes you think he won’t attack this office?”
“We have good security,” said Phobia simply. “Anyway, let’s move onto the interview. I have a lead to investigate today, so I can’t spend too much time talking to you.”
I leaned back in my chair, my arms hanging by my side. “What do you want to know? I already told you everything that happened to me back in that bakery. I haven’t seen the Neo-Killer since then, so I don’t know where he might be or what he is possibly doing.”
“We are aware of that,” said Phobia, “but I wanted to ask you a few questions just in case you overlooked a crucial detail. First, can you tell us what the Neo-Killer looked like?”
“Why do you need to know that?” I said, tilting my head to the side.
“Because we haven’t actually seen the Neo-Killer ourselves,” Phobia replied. “And on the few occasions he’s been caught on camera, he’s worn a different outfit every time. We suspect he changes clothes frequently in order to make it harder for the government to identify him, a tactic which has worked quite well so far, as you can tell.”
I thought about Phobia’s question for a moment, trying to pull up the memories of that night in the bakery. “He was pretty big and muscular. He wore tactical military-style gear. Looked kind of like a soldier, but he wore an expressionless face mask that made it impossible for me to see his face. I have no idea what he looks like under the mask and I definitely don’t know how he was able to see through it, because his mask didn’t seem to have any eye holes that I could see.”
Phobia stroked his chin. “That fits with another description of someone that a witness recently spoke to us about. An anonymous tipster reported seeing a man in tactical military gear just outside of the Braindome yesterday at around midnight. She thought he was just a security guard or police officer until he suddenly jumped into a car and left.”
I sat up straight. “You mean the Neo-Killer was right outside the Braindome last night and we didn’t even know it? Did you guys find his car?”
“We did,” said Phobia, nodding. “This morning, as a matter of fact … well, the remains of it, anyway. The Neo-Killer must have blown it into pieces because that was all we could find of it.”
“He really doesn’t want to be found, huh?” I said.
“Yes,” said Phobia. “Whoever he is, he must be very skilled to have evaded capture from the federal government for so long. I suspect that he must have military training of some sort, though when you consider how many military vets live in this country, that doesn’t help narrow down the suspects much.”
“So the Neo-Killer knows where I am,” I said. “That’s bad.”
“But not unexpected,” said Phobia. “So long as he doesn’t figure out how to break in, you should be safe.”
“I guess so,” I said. “I hope you guys capture him soon because I’m getting tired of hiding from him.”
“Don’t worry,” said Phobia. “Showdown may be a big city, but it still has a defined area. We’ll find him eventually, and sooner rather than later, I think. He can’t hide forever.”
I nodded, but I wasn’t so sure I believed him. Whoever the Neo-Killer was, he was clearly very competent at his job. I had a feeling that the Neo-Killer would only be found when he wanted to be found and not a second sooner.
“Now, then,” said Phobia as he shuffled his papers, “let’s move on to—”
I heard something fly through the air with a soft thwip and Phobia suddenly grabbed at his neck.
“Phobia?” I said. “Are you all right?”
“I … I think so,” said Phobia. His eyes suddenly drooped. “Must have been a bug … but I feel so sleepy …”
Phobia’s eyes rolled into the back of his head and he suddenly fell face first onto the table.
“Phobia?” I said. I leaned forward and nudged him with my hand. “Phobia, are you all right? Can you hear me? Phobia?”
But Phobia didn’t respond. He was still breathing, but his breath was very shallow and his skin felt cold to the touch. He seemed to be knocked out of cold, and I instantly spotted the reason why: A feathered dart was sticking out of the side of his neck, right where he had grabbed his neck before he lost consciousness. It was a very small dart, barely noticeable unless you were looking for it, but it was definitely there. It must have come through the open window, which meant someone in a nearby building must have shot it.
I looked over my shoulder and shouted, “Blizzard, Vanish! Phobia’s been knocked out! I need help!”
But I didn’t hear any response from anyone. Puzzled, I stood up and walked over to the door. I tried to open it, only to discover that the door was locked. That made no sense. Who could have locked the door?
I was about to use my super strength to break the lock when I suddenly smelled something coming from underneath the door. Puzzled, I crouched low to the foot of the door and smelled a distinctive rotten stink, which I would have mistaken for no other stink even if I hadn’t seen the wisps of yellow gas entering under the door.
Powerless gas. Someone had filled the entire G-Men office with powerless gas … and Blizzard and Vanish were right in the middle of it.
***

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Rising to my full height, I wasn’t sure what to do. If I broke the door down, that would just cause the powerless gas to fill the office, which would hurt both me and Phobia. On the other hand, if I didn’t, the gas would eventually leak in through the ventilation system or the cracks in the door. Either way, this office would soon be full of the gas and it would render me powerless.
I needed to contact Brains and the police to let them know what was happening here. And, if necessary, I could just fly through the open window to safety, though I hated the idea of abandoning Blizzard and Vanish for any reason.
Tapping my earcom, I said, “Val, contact Brains and the police and tell them that someone has filled the G-Men’s Showdown office with powerless gas and we need backup.”
But Valerie did not respond, prompting me to tap my earcom again and say, “Val, are you there? Did you hear what I said? The G-Men’s office in downtown Showdown has been filled with powerless gas and—”
“Valerie can’t hear you right now,” said a harsh voice behind me. “No one can hear you right now … except for me.”
I whirled around. My heart failed me at the sight of the man standing behind the office desk, a long, sharp knife rested against Phobia’s neck. It was the Neo-Killer, who looked no different from the last time I saw him. But since it was day, I could see him better and noticed that he carried all sorts of weapons on his body. He also seemed to be at least a head taller than me, though that might have been because of the heavy boots he wore.
“You,” I said. “How did you get in?”
The Neo-Killer gestured with his head at the open window. “Climbed in through the window. Not very difficult. I climbed Mount Everest once, so scaling a two-story building was like taking a walk in the park.”
“And what did you mean about Valerie not being able to hear me?” I said. “Did you do something to my earcom?”
“Yeah,” said the Neo-Killer, nodding. He seemed disturbingly calm despite how serious this situation was. “I am well aware of your annoying little AI assistant and how much you depend on her for support. So I used a jamming device I found in one of your old man’s Vaults to ensure she would not be able to contact you while you are in here.”
I stiffened. So the Neo-Killer had stolen weapons from Dad’s Vaults. Was he the ‘Jake Johnson’ in Vault B’s visitation records? He must have used it as a false alias so anyone looking at the records later wouldn’t know who he really was.
My eyes darted to the open window. “What’s to stop me from just flying out the window and reconnecting with Valerie?”
“I suppose you could do that, but you won’t,” said the Neo-Killer. He ran the knife slowly along the surface of Phobia’s skin. “Because if you do, I’ll kill this piece of super scum and his blood will be on your hands.”
My eyes returned to the Neo-Killer’s faceplate. “Why didn’t you just shoot a can of powerless gas into this office and take me out that way? Why fill the rest of the office with that gas except for this room?”
The Neo-Killer tilted his head to the side. “The powerless gas I filled the rest of the office with is a special concoction created by yours truly. Normally, powerless gas isn’t poisonous, but I modified mine to poison whoever breathes it as well as de-power them. It even works on normal humans, like those three agents who work for this guy. Haven’t you wondered why you haven’t heard from anyone since you realized that the office has been gassed?”
My eyes widened .”You mean to say—”
“That’s right,” said the Neo-Killer with a chuckle. “Every person in this office is going to die, including your girlfriend and that vile witch known as Vanish. Oh, it fills me with such joy knowing that at least two superhumans are going to die today, but with any luck, I’ll be able to bump that number up to at least four, maybe five if Brains shows up to save the day.”
“But not everyone here is even a superhuman,” I said. “Murder is always bad, but you’re not even murdering the right targets.”
The Neo-Killer snorted. “So? I don’t just hate superhumans, kid. I hate those traitors who work with them. Some days, I can’t decide who should get the bullet first: The superhumans who cause death and destruction everywhere they go or the traitors who think hunting you genetic monstrosities down like deer would be too cruel. Today, however, I’ll kill about an equal number of supers and traitors, so it’s not an issue.”
“You’re insane,” I said. “Superhumans aren’t ‘genetic monstrosities.’ We’re human beings just like you. Murder is always wrong.”
“Murder is only murder when applied to humans,” said the Neo-Killer. “And I’m not entirely convinced you superhumans really are humans. Personally, I think you’re genetic defects, though I imagine most of you see yourselves as gods.”
“I’m not a genetic defect or a god,” I said. “You’re just crazy.”
The Neo-Killer laughed. “Crazy? I’m crazy for doing what someone else should have done a long time ago? Kid, are you even aware of all of the chaos and destruction your kind have caused since you guys exploded like rabbits over thirty years ago? Destroyed cities, ruined environments, countless deaths, untold property damage caused by your fights in the streets—”
“Supervillains are a problem,” I said, “I agree, but—”
“It isn’t just the bad guys, kid,” said the Neo-Killer. He gestured at me. “All superhumans—’heroes’ or ‘villains’—create chaos and destruction wherever they go. Traitors and cowards try to falsely distinguish between ‘good’ and ‘bad’ supers, but in the end, you are all a threat to humanity and the world. In the name of humanity, your kind must die. It is the only way we will survive.”
I was at a loss for words. The Neo-Killer’s rambling was even crazier than I thought. I didn’t think superhumans were necessarily ‘more evolved’ than ordinary humans, per se, but I never thought we were genetic inferiors, either. It made me wonder if the Neo-Killer really thought through anything he said or if he was just ranting and raving like a lunatic. I was starting to lean toward him being a lunatic, honestly.
Then the Neo-Killer suddenly pointed at me. “You, Bolt, though … you’re the worst of them all.”
I raised an eyebrow. “I am? You do realize I’ve literally saved the world more than once, right?”
“You may have saved the world, but did you save people?” the Neo-Killer said. His voice suddenly took a far more emotional turn and he sounded close to tears. “You supers are so focused on saving the ‘world’ that you never stop to pay attention to all of the damage you’re causing around you. Or all of the lives who have been ruined by your actions, the cities which have been destroyed thanks to your idiocy.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” I said. “I haven’t destroyed any cities.”
The Neo-Killer chuckled bitterly. “Can’t say I am surprised by that. As I said, you supers are so obsessed with the big picture that all of the small things just escape your notice. I guess a god really doesn’t have time to pay attention to the mortals who bow at his feet, huh?”
“You’re just saying random crud now to confuse me,” I said. “I don’t know what you’re upset about, but—”
“Upset? Me?” said the Neo-Killer. “I’m not upset about anything, kid. I just want you—and every last one of your fellow supers, heroes, villains, or otherwise—dead.”
The Neo-Killer suddenly pulled a gun out of his belt and fired it at me in one smooth motion. A powerless pellet struck my chest and sent me stumbling back into the door. I gasped and inhaled some of the powerless gas, making me cough and hack as the disgusting yellow gas entered my body.
The Neo-Killer rushed toward me and punched me in the face. Taken by surprise, I fell down, but he grabbed me by the collar of my suit and slammed me so hard against the door that the window cracked behind me. He then began punching me in the face over and over again, each blow coming harder and harder than the last, not giving me any time to react. For what seemed like an eternity, all I could see was the Neo-Killer’s fist as it crashed into my face again and again. I even thought I felt my nose break, but he hit me so hard and so often that my senses were all confused.
Finally, the Neo-Killer stopped punching me and shoved me to the floor. I hit the floor hard and gasped for breath, but then the Neo-Killer grabbed my hair and sat me upright. Dazed and bleeding, I looked into the Neo-Killer’s expressionless faceplate, which reflected my own bloody and bruised face. Drops of my own blood stained his helmet, which he didn’t even try to wipe off.
“Do you feel it, kid?” said the Neo-Killer in a dangerously low voice. “Tell me, do you feel it? That raw emotion that normal humans—with hopes and dreams and families and friends—feel whenever one of your kind shows up and begins tearing city streets apart?”
“Feel … feel what?” I said. My voice was slightly slurred. It felt like he had broken at least a few of my teeth. “Fear?”
The Neo-Killer shook his head. “Oh, no. Fear is too good for you. Fear can make a person fight. No, I want to know if you feel despair. Hopelessness. And I hope you feel it good and hard. Because this is how every ordinary human feels when they see you when they fight your kind. The despair your kind brings wherever you go, the hopelessness inspired by the knowledge that their city and community will spend years recovering from a fight you are involved in, that they will never see some of their friends and family ever again. Do you know that hopelessness, kid? Have you ever felt it yourself?”
I gulped. “N-No. I haven’t.”
“Then get ready, kid,” said the Neo-Killer. He raised his knife above his head. “Because you are about to fill it very soon.”
***

CHAPTER NINETEEN

The Neo-Killer brought his knife down on my head. I closed my eyes so I wouldn’t have to see my own head get split open, but I did not feel his knife cleave through my skull. Instead, his knife tore through my chest, causing my eyes to fly open as I cried out in pain.
The Neo-Killer suddenly let go of my hair and kicked me—hard—in the chest, right where he stabbed me. I cried out in pain again and fell over onto my side, wheezing and coughing as I clutched my bleeding chest and torn costume. Consciousness was slipping between my fingers and I knew it was only a matter of time before I lost consciousness … and perhaps never woke up again.
Then the Neo-Killer stepped back, twirling his now-bloody knife by his side. Suddenly, he wiped the blade off with a rag he pulled out of his pocket and sheathed it silently by his side.
“I’m not going to kill you today, kid,” said the Neo-Killer. “Not yet.”
My eyes widened. “But … but why …”
“Because you haven’t known true despair just yet,” said the Neo-Killer. Hatred flowed through every word and he even shook where he stood. “You haven’t felt true hopelessness yet. You will, but right now you don’t. I don’t want to kill you until you finally understand just how powerless you truly are. And I am not referring to being sprayed with powerless gas, either, kid, but a different kind of powerlessness that can’t be fixed by waiting a couple of hours.”
“What …” I coughed up blood. My head felt very light all of a sudden. “What you talking … talking about …”
Though I couldn’t see the Neo-Killer’s face, I thought he must have been smirking behind that faceless mask of his. “You’ll see, kid. You’ll see very soon. And not just you. The whole world will see, see you and your kind for what you really are: Genetic monstrosities which must be eliminated from the gene pool for the good of humanity. Only then will humans be able to progress in peace and prosperity.”
Then the Neo-Killer waved at me mockingly. “See you later, kid. Perhaps I’ll send you some roses in the hospital. The red would match your costume.”
Without hesitation, the Neo-Killer pulled a teleportation disk out of his pocket and slammed it against his chest. He then disappeared into thin air right before my eyes.
I would have gotten up to try to chase him, despite not knowing where he teleported me, but at that moment darkness spread over my eyes and I knew no more.
-
My head hurt. My nose hurt. My chest hurt. Everything hurt.
That was how I knew I wasn’t dead. If I was dead, I wouldn’t be able to feel any of this. Well, I guess I can’t know that for sure, because I’ve never died before. I did know a guy with the power to come back from death, however, so perhaps I should ask him what dying felt like. He would probably know.
Still, despite the pain, I forced myself to open my eyes. I was briefly blinded by a bright, white light overhead, which was so bright and so white that I thought I was dead after all. But then my eyes adjusted to the change in brightness and I could see my surroundings.
I was lying on a soft, comfortable bed in what looked like a hospital room. It was very quiet. Aside from the beeping of a nearby machine, I couldn’t hear anything. I searched for a clock to tell the time, but there didn’t seem to be one in my room. The room smelled faintly of roses, which made me feel uncomfortable and unsafe for some reason, but I wasn’t sure why.
“What happened?” I muttered. “Where am I?”
I felt my chest. A thick bandage had been wrapped tightly around my torso, which limited my movement somewhat. In the back of my mind, I wondered why I had been bandaged so tightly. I tried to sit up, but even that simple movement proved impossible to do, so I just lay back down, feeling like I wanted to go back to sleep, but I couldn’t.
“Good morning, Bolt,” said Valerie in my ears all of a sudden. “My sensors noticed an increase in your vital signs, which is often correlated with consciousness.”
I blinked. “What?”
“That’s just another way of saying I noticed you are awake,” said Valerie. “May I ask how you feel?”
I blinked again. “Tired. And in pain, but the pain could be worse, honestly.”
“I see,” said Valerie. “Yes, you were in rather rough shape when the doctors began work on you. I could tell that a few weren’t even sure you would survive, but it’s clear that you exceeded expectations, as usual.”
My eyes widened. “How badly was I wounded that even the doctors didn’t think I would survive?”
“Very bad,” said Valerie. “Not the worst you’ve ever been in, to be frank, but it was the worst you’ve been in for a while. The Neo-Killer certainly didn’t handle you with kid’s gloves.”
As soon as Valerie mentioned the Neo-Killer, memories began rushing back into my head. I clutched my head and moaned. “Ugh. Now I remember. The Neo-Killer knows how to throw a punch, I’ll put it that way.”
“I’m sorry I was unable to help you,” said Valerie. “For some reason, I was unable to connect to your earcoms in the G-Mens’ Showdown office. It appeared that I was being blocked by some kind of signal jamming device.”
I nodded. “You were. The Neo-Killer blocked all communications inside and outside of the building to make sure no one could get in touch with me. He wanted to fight me on his own … and he succeeded.”
“Ah,” said Valerie. “I assume it’s yet another device he stole from Vault B?”
“Probably,” I said. “I don’t remember if he said so or not. All I remember is that he sprayed me with powerless gas and beat me down.”
“Why didn’t he kill you?” said Valerie in confusion. “We know you are his next target. We also know that he has never hesitated to kill before. And we know for a fact that he tried to kill you back in the bakery. What caused him to hold back this time?”
I gulped. I wasn’t sure I was ready to tell Valerie about what the Neo-Killer told me. I could remember every word he said quite clearly, but just thinking about his words made my heart feel tight and anxious. I couldn’t recall the last time I felt this way about an enemy, much less a powerless enemy who relied on his gadgets and physical skills to fight. Maybe I wasn’t so invincible after all.
Luckily, I didn’t have to say anything to Valerie, because at that moment the door to the room opened and Brains stepped inside. He looked even more tired and exhausted than me, with dark bags under his eyes and his shoulders slumped. He smiled, however, when he saw me awake and said, “Bolt, how are you doing? I came to see if you had awakened yet.”
I groaned. “Not too good, honestly. I don’t hurt as much as I did when I fought the Neo-Killer, but—”
“So it was the Neo-Killer,” said Brains. He nodded. “Good to know. We suspected as much, but we weren’t one hundred percent sure.”
“How long have I been out?” I said. I rubbed the back of my neck. “A few hours?”
“A full day,” Brains replied. He closed the door and walked over to my bed, where he pulled up a stool and sat down heavily. “When the first responders found you, you were in pretty poor shape. It took the doctors a long time to fix you up and they weren’t sure when you were going to wake up.”
“Valerie told me as much,” I said. “But a whole day … dang. I didn’t know I had been beaten that hard.”
“I think it was the anesthesia,” said Brains. He yawned. “They put you under so you wouldn’t wake up during surgery. Don’t worry about medical costs, by the way. As a full-time NHA member, you have access to the full health benefits we provide all members. In other words, we’re covering the cost of your surgery.”
“Thanks,” I said. “That takes a load off my mind. But why do you seem so tired? Were you up all night?”
Brains nodded. “Yes. I spent the night in the hospital to keep an eye on Vanish.”
“Vanish?” I said in alarm. “What happened to her?”
“The powerless gas the Neo-Killer filled the office with was laced with poison,” said Brains. He rubbed his forehead. “If the first responders hadn’t gotten there when they did, she and Blizzard and those office workers might have—”
“Blizzard?” I said. “She’s dying, too?”
“Not dying,” said Brains, holding up his hands. “But she was poisoned, like Vanish, and they’re both resting now. The doctors have been trying to treat their poison, but they haven’t had much luck so far. The poison the Neo-Killer used is different from what the doctors are used to seeing, especially when combined with powerless gas, though I think they are going to be okay.”
I sat up and swung my legs over the side of the bed. “I need to see Blizzard. I need to find her. Where is her room?”
Brains suddenly grabbed my shoulders, causing me to look at him. He wore a serious expression. “Don’t overexert yourself, Bolt. Blizzard is going to be fine. She has some of the best medical care money can buy. You just worry about yourself and your issues.”
I brushed off Brains’ hands and stood up. “Sorry, Brains, but I need to see Blizzard. I need to make sure she’s okay. I need—”
Suddenly, I felt dizzy and tired. I sat back down on my bed and put my head in my hands. Even though I just woke up from a full day’s rest, it was becoming harder and harder for me to keep my eyes open.
“What … what is happening to me?” I said with a yawn. “Why am I so sleepy all of a sudden?”
“That would be me,” said Brains. I looked over my shoulder at him and saw that he was still sitting on the stool next to my bed, a concerned expression on his face. He tapped the side of his head with one finger. “Part of being a telepath means I can access the part of a person’s brain that makes them feel sleepy. If you tried to take even one step forward, you would have fallen asleep entirely and fallen flat on your face.”
I yawned and lay down. “You’re a jerk, you know that?”
“Maybe, but like I said, you need to worry about yourself right now,” said Brains. “I know how much you care about Blizzard—trust me, I feel the same way about Vanish—but you can’t always jump up and save the day. You might be a superhero, but even superheroes need to rest and recover from their wounds and injuries.”
“But—”
“You’re not invincible,” Brains continued. “I know you might think you are, partly because you’re young, but also because you really are strong. But everyone has their limits and I think you just hit yours.”
I sighed and rubbed my forehead. I decided it wasn’t worth arguing with Brains over this, especially because I was feeling the same way. “You’re right. Where am I, anyway?”
“St. Francisco’s Medical Hospital in downtown Showdown,” said Brains. “It was the nearest hospital, so the ambulance took you here. The doctors performed some surgery on your chest and fixed up your other wounds. Blizzard and Vanish are also here, though they’re in different rooms.”
“Doesn’t the Braindome have medical facilities?” I said, puzzled. “Why weren’t we taken there?”
Brains shifted in his seat. “Like I said, St. Francisco’s was closer and all of you were hurt too badly to risk taking all the way back to the Braindome. They were especially worried about the people who inhaled the poisonous powerless gas, some of whom weren’t even breathing.”
“Did anyone die?” I said in alarm.
“Not yet,” said Brains, shaking his head. “They think some of the G-Men agents might not make it, though. Well, I was wrong. Someone did die … and it was Phobia.”
“Phobia?” I repeated. A sinking feeling landed in my stomach. “You mean the guy assigned to the Neo-Killer case?”
Brains nodded. “Yep. His corpse was found in his office. His throat was slit. That was how we knew the Neo-Killer was behind this because he’s the only one who would even try something like this, though the use of powerless gas was another tipoff. Oh, and there was this.”
Brains pulled out of his phone and showed me a picture on it. I leaned forward slightly and saw that I was a picture of a note, once again written in blood, which read thus:
SEE THIS, BOLT? THIS IS TOO GOOD FOR YOU. I WILL MAKE YOU SUFFER.
There was no attribution, but it was obvious who had written it. I looked away as Brains put his phone back into his pocket.
“That monster …” I said.
“He’s crazy, all right,” said Brains with a sigh. “We found that note at the scene of the crime, written in Phobia’s blood. The only thing that doesn’t make sense, though, is why the Neo-Killer spared you but not Phobia.”
“Didn’t you read the note?” I said. “He wants to make me suffer. He thinks that I’m all that’s wrong with supers in the world. He told me to my face that he wants to kill me, but first, he wants me to feel powerless and hopeless.”
Brains raised an eyebrow. “Did he tell you anything more than that?”
I shook my head. “No. And I still don’t know who he is or why he hates me in particular so much. He acts like I killed his mom, even though I’ve never met him before until a day or two ago.”
Brains stroked his chin in thought. “Bigots, in general, tend to be crazy. It sounds to me like he’s become so consumed by his own hatred of superhumans that he can’t think rationally anymore. I imagine he’s penned all of his hate on you because you’re young and fairly famous, a symbol, perhaps, of superheroes to him. That’s rather strange because most crazy people like him tend to fixate on Omega Man instead, but I guess crazies come in all kinds of flavors.”
“Whatever the case, we need to find him,” I said. “Did the police see where he went?”
Brains shook his head. “No. By the time the officers and I showed up, the Neo-Killer was long gone. That means the search is on yet again.”
I sighed deeply. “And now it will be harder because, without Phobia and his men looking for the Neo-Killer, we’ll have fewer people on hand to find him. And with nearly every superhero in Showdown out of commission, he can attack anytime he wants.”
“I’ve already contacted the G-Men about Phobia,” said Brains. “I’m not sure if they will send a replacement or not. Knowing Cadmus, I doubt he will take this lying down. He will probably see it as a declaration of war and will do everything in his power to capture the Neo-Killer. But yes, our situation is quite grim.”
“When will I get to leave the hospital?” I said. “The longer I stay here, the more likely it becomes that the Neo-Killer will attack again.”
“Not if he wants to make you suffer,” Brains pointed out. “Based on what you’ve told me, I doubt the Neo-Killer will try to attack you directly anytime soon, so you are probably safe here for now. Still, I’ll arrange to have you, Vanish, and Blizzard moved into the Braindome as soon as possible. Until then, just lay back and try to relax. St. Francisco’s staff is used to dealing with the kinds of injuries superheroes like us deal with. They’ve even dealt with supervillain attacks before, though that’s a story for another time.”
I lay back in my pillow. I wanted to argue with Brains, but I knew at this point that it would be useless. He was correct that I needed to rest and also right that the Neo-Killer was probably going to leave me alone for a while, but that didn’t make lying in bed here any easier.
Still, there was nothing much I could do about it at the moment except try to get some sleep and hope that I would be back in the Braindome as soon as possible. I also hoped that the doctors would be able to heal Blizzard and Vanish, especially Blizzard.
***

CHAPTER TWENTY

I stayed in bed all day, not able to do much other than sit around and rest. I talked to my doctor—a nice middle-aged man with graying hair named Dr. Jonathan—who told me I was recovering much more quickly than he expected and that they might even release me tomorrow if I kept getting better. It was a nice thing to hope for, but unfortunately, I would still have to wait before I could go anywhere or do anything.
Because I had nothing better to do, I had a lot more time to think than I normally did. I thought about the Neo-Killer, mostly, and how he had made it his life’s mission to ruin—and eventually take—my life. I didn’t like thinking about him, but my mind kept drifting back to him regardless of my efforts to forget about him.
He was insane. Of that, there was no doubt. Whatever his beef with me was, he was clearly insane. That wasn’t that unusual, though. I had encountered lots of insane supervillains ever since I started my career. In fact, the very first supervillain I ever fought, Master Chaos, was the physical incarnation of insanity. I even teamed up with a bunch of insane villains to escape a prison once. I could work with insanity.
But there was something different about the Neo-Killer. He seemed to want me dead in a way that few other villains did. The closest villain I could think of who matched him in his hatred of me was, again, Master Chaos, only Master Chaos had been driven by my mistreatment of his son. His son also hated me for personal reasons. The Neo-Killer claimed to be trying to kill me for the benefit of ‘humanity,’ but I wasn’t sure if he actually gave a damn about humanity as a whole or if it was just an excuse on his part to justify his murders.
No matter how much I thought about it, I didn’t know why he could possibly hate me on such a personal level. I’d made a lot of enemies as a superhero—kind of hard not to in this line of work—but all of my enemies were either dead, in prison, or simply not anywhere near me at the moment.
What struck me about the Neo-Killer was that he made sure to attack me using Dad’s old gadgets. It seemed almost like a form of psychological warfare to me. By trying to kill me with Dad’s old gadgets, he was essentially trying to kill me with Dad. It would be ironic, in a way, if he did manage to kill me with one of Dad’s inventions, which might have been the point.
Whoever he was and whatever his real reasons for hating me were, I felt very uncomfortable and vulnerable for the first time in a long time. Twice now, the Neo-Killer had gotten the drop on me and smacked me around with his superior fighting skills. I could probably beat him if he didn’t negate my powers every time, but he was too smart to attack me without first weakening me with powerless gas and making sure I was alone.
And both times, he had been entirely in control of the situation. The first time, I only survived because the cops showed up and scared him off. The second time, the Neo-Killer deliberately spared me in order to show how much power he had over me. I was normally not one to fret—Blizzard was the worrier in our relationship—but even I couldn’t help but feel a little worried about how close I had come to death both times.
The second time was especially brutal. I was no wimp, but he beat me up like I was some kind of loser. He made his point quite well … and now I dreaded what he was going to do now to make me ‘suffer.’
And for the first time I could remember, I dreaded fighting him again. I hated what he did to Blizzard, Vanish, Phobia, and the G-Men workers. A part of me wanted to go out and fight him, tear apart the whole city to find him if I had to, but another part of me was happy to stay in my hospital bed where I was safe.
That was what struck me most: I didn’t want to fight the Neo-Killer again. If we ever fought once more, I had a feeling I would die. He might decide to finally kill me, thus achieving his life’s goal. I gripped my blankets more tightly at the thought of fighting him a third time because I now understood that the Neo-Killer only showed himself when he wanted to and he only fought people on his terms.
I wished Dad was still alive. Mom was still alive and I could talk to her, but she wasn’t a superhero. She wouldn’t know what to say about fearing an enemy like the Neo-Killer. Actually, if I told Mom, she would probably just worry herself to death over my safety. Just like Blizzard. Now that I thought about it, Mom and Blizzard are pretty similar. I should introduce them sometime. They’d probably get along really well.
The closest thing to an adult mentor figure I had was Mecha Knight, but ever since graduating the Young Neos, I didn’t see him as much as I used to. There was also still the fact that Mecha Knight was involved in Dad’s old Project Revival without me telling me about it, which made me wonder if I could trust him at all.
That was another thing I thought about as the day went on. I still knew very little about Project Revival. Valerie told me she was still working on it, but that Dad seemed to have deleted everything very thoroughly meant it was slow-going. It didn’t help that Freya, the AI for Vault B, was more interested in getting her freedom than in helping us figure out exactly what Project Revival was all about.
All I knew for sure was that there was a clone of Uncle Jake’s somewhere in the world, who had Dad’s old gear, and was doing something with it. I just wish I knew what.
So I had two problems: The Neo-Killer and Uncle Jake’s clone. If I could just figure those two problems out … well, it wouldn’t solve everything, but it would make my life a bit simpler.
But lying there in my bed, eating my chocolate pudding, I had a sudden, seemingly irrational thought: What if the Neo-Killer and Uncle Jake’s clone were one and the same?
It was a weird thought. And it didn’t make sense. The Neo-Killer was an ordinary human being with no powers of his own outside of what Dad’s tech gave him. Uncle Jake, on the other hand, had been a superhuman prior to his murder. If a clone of his was running around, then it was logical to assume that Uncle Jake’s clone had all the same powers as him. None of what the Neo-Killer said made any sense if he was a clone.
Yet what if the cloning process didn’t go right? What if something went wrong at some point and Uncle Jake’s clone didn’t come out quite right? Could that be why the Neo-Killer was so crazy? Was that why Project Revival had been shut down and forgotten entirely? Because Uncle Jake’s clone went insane and became the Neo-Killer?
There was no way to know for sure. And frankly, I was doubtful of the theory myself, because it raised far more questions than it answered and I wasn’t sure there was enough evidence to justify it. On the other hand, something about it felt right to me, like I had finally found the last piece of a very complicated puzzle. I decided I would share it with Brains next time I saw him and see what he thought. Or perhaps I wouldn’t. Without any real evidence to support the theory, I had a feeling Brains would not be convinced.
One thing was obvious, however: If I was going to stand a chance against the Neo-Killer, I would need to finish my powerless training. Preferably, as soon as possible.
***

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

The next day, I stood in the Practice Arena again, swinging my staff back and forth. I was slamming it against one of the Arena’s sandbags, hitting it as hard as I could without using my powers. No one else was in the Arena side from myself at the moment, so I trained in silence, whacking the sandbag as hard as I could from a variety of different angles.
It probably wasn’t smart to train so soon after I’d been released from the hospital. Although Dr. Jonathan confirmed that I had healed faster than expected, he still gave me orders to rest as much as I could and not worry so much about other things. I did rest a little bit when I got back to the Braindome, but I spent so much time resting at the hospital that I didn’t feel the need to rest again. I was determined to master the use of my pole, which I would also make sure to carry on my body no matter where I went. It wouldn’t be very useful against the Neo-Killer’s guns, but it would be better than nothing if I got sprayed with powerless gas again.
I would have trained with Vanish, but she was still very ill from the poison powerless gas which she and Blizzard inhaled a couple of days ago. Before leaving the hospital, I actually got to see Blizzard and Vanish. I still couldn’t get their appearances out of my mind. The two of them had been lying on a couple of beds in a room in the same hallway as mine, but they looked awful. Their skin had become grayish and their hair was messy. They also seemed to be having trouble breathing and had very dry skin. It made me wonder just what the heck the Neo-Killer put in that gas that would have such horrible effects on human beings.
As it turned out, the G-Men workers who had also inhaled the gas had been sent back to Washington for medical expertise which you couldn’t find in Showdown. Phobia’s corpse was being transported with them as well, which I did not get to see, but I didn’t need to in order to know that Phobia was dead. Just seeing the body bag was enough for me and, though I didn’t know Phobia all that well, a part of me felt angry at his death as well. He was probably the nicest G-Man agent I ever met, yet for some reason, he had to die and Cadmus did not. The world really was an unfair place after all.
Panting and sweating, I stopped hitting the sandbag and took a step back, taking a short break to catch my breath. My eyes fixed on the sandbag for a moment before I leaped forward and resumed hitting it again, this time even harder than before. I just imagined that the sandbag was the Neo-Killer and I was beating him to a pulp with my whole strength.
I wasn’t the only one returned to the Braindome. Blizzard and Vanish had been moved here as well, into the Braindome’s medical facilities, where they would receive the kind of specialized treatment necessary to deal with their poisoning. St. Francisco’s was great and all, but the Braindome had better medical care for superhumans than ordinary hospitals. Besides, Blizzard and Vanish would be safer here, in case the Neo-Killer decided to come after them next.
Brains was currently in the Braindome’s control center, where he was trying to use the Braindome’s large number of screens to locate any news reports or tips that might help us find the Neo-Killer. I understood that catching the Neo-Killer fell onto our shoulders now, but honestly, that seemed like a waste of time. I already knew that the Neo-Killer would show up when and only when he wanted. I told Brains as much, but Brains insisted on continuing to search for him anyway.
I decided to let him do it. While Brains worked on finding the Neo-Killer, I was preparing myself to fight him. I might not have had any control over when or where I would fight the Neo-Killer, but I could at least make myself ready to take him on again. And this collapsible staff would, God willing, be exactly what I needed to take him down or at least put us on more equal footing in another fight.
“Whoa, there, pal,” said a voice with a Southern drawl behind me. “Maybe you should slow down a bit. What did that sandbag do to you? Mock your mother?”
Pausing, I looked over my shoulder to see a man in his early thirties standing several feet behind me. He had a short, crew cut hairstyle and looked like he might have been in the military or police at one point. He also wore a gray t-shirt and jeans, which made him look rather casual and carried a collapsible stick similar to what I wielded at his side, although his was not unfolded like mine was.
I lowered my stick and turned around to face the man. “Doyle? Is that you?”
Doyle smiled. “Nice to see you, too, Bolt. Don’t tell me you forgot about me already.”
To be frank, I had. Although Doyle was one of the first victims of the Neo-Killer, everything that happened after that first attack had pushed him out of my mind. It didn’t help that Doyle and I didn’t know each other all that well even before the Earth King operation. Thus, it felt a bit awkward to see him standing there with a smile on his like all was well with the world.
“I just didn’t know you were out of the hospital already,” I said. “I thought you would be in there for a while.”
“But I was,” said Doyle. “They let me out about a day before they released you. I went home and rested and then came back to the Braindome just a few minutes ago.”
“Why?” I said. “You don’t have to come here, you know. If you’ve got the day off, why not spend it healing up from your injuries?”
Doyle smiled. “Like you?”
“That’s different,” I said. “The Neo-Killer is deliberately targeting me. Therefore, I need to be on guard at all times and train even when I don’t feel like it.”
“All you’re doing is hitting that sandbag over and over again,” said Doyle. “Great stress reliever, but not too good for training. Brains told me you are doing powerless training.”
“Yeah, I am,” I said. I glanced over my shoulder at the sandbag. “I would normally train with Vanish, but because she’s sick, I’ve had to do it on my own. And Brains is too busy to teach me, so I can’t go to him for help, either.”
“Why not train with me?” Doyle offered. “I’m not a superhuman like you, but I know a thing or two about how to fight without powers. How does that sound?”
I looked at Doyle uncertainly. “I don’t know, man. Even if you weren’t just fresh out of the hospital, I would be worried about fighting a normal human like you. What if I accidentally use my powers and turn you into a pancake? I could easily hurt you.”
“I know that, but I’m used to training with superhumans,” said Doyle. “I train with Brains and Vanish all the time and neither of them has hurt me that much.”
“Yeah, but neither of them have super strength or speed like I do,” I said. “I’m not sure it would be a good idea if we trained.”
“Who cares?” said Doyle. “Besides, you’d have to touch me in order to kill me, which I know you won’t be able to. I may not look it, but I’m very fast and hard to hit. Think you can’t hit me with that stick of yours?”
I scowled. “I could beat you without my powers. I just don’t want to do it because I think it is a safety hazard.”
“Sounds like loser talk to me,” said Doyle. “Come on. Just one round. If things get too rough or dangerous, we can stop. How does that sound?”
I considered his offer for a moment. It sounded reasonable to me, but at the same time, I didn’t want to hurt him accidentally. I could control my powers just fine, but powerless training was still tricky for me and I was worried about what I might do if I got too frustrated. I didn’t worry about that with Vanish because, although she wasn’t very strong, her teleportation powers meant that she could save herself if I accidentally lost control. I couldn’t count on the same thing with Doyle.
Still, I knew that Doyle was a strong guy with plenty of combat experience. It wasn’t like either of us were in top shape, anyway, so powerless training was about the only form of training we could really do together.
So I nodded and said, “All right. But if you lose, don’t complain to me about it.”
Doyle chuckled. “No worries here. You’re the one who is going to be asking for mercy before all’s said and done. Now, let’s get ready to—”
“Bolt,” said Valerie in my ears all of a sudden, “are you there?”
“Yes, Val?” I said, tapping my earcom and looking away from Doyle. “What’s the problem? Did something bad happen?”
“No,” said Valerie. “But Brains has summoned you back to the control room to discuss a change of plans.”
“A change of plans?” I repeated. “What are you talking about?”
“Your reassignment to Hero Island, naturally,” said Valerie, “by order of the Leadership Council, effective today.”
***

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

A few minutes later, I found myself standing in the Braindome’s control room alongside Brains and Doyle. I rarely came into this room, mostly because I didn’t need to. Below us were three rows of desks at which Braindome IT workers typed furiously, working hard on whatever project Brains had given them to complete. The control room smelled vaguely of coffee and donuts, a clue to what the workers normally ate while on the job, while the lights on the ceiling above shone down on us like the sun.
On the wall before us was a large screen showing a helmeted face. The man who appeared on the camera wore a full suit of black, high-tech armor sculpted to resemble the armor of old medieval knights, with a sword sheathed at his waist somewhere off-screen. His blue eyes glowed from within his helmet, showing no emotion other than professional calmness.
But I wasn’t calm. I was staring at the man on the screen, trying to stay as calm and reasonable as possible, but it was hard knowing what I was here for today. “Mecha Knight, you can’t be serious. Did the Leadership Council really call me back to Hero Island?”
Mecha Knight, who was the knight on the screen, nodded. “We did. When we heard about the Neo-Killer’s recent attack on the G-Men’s offices in Showdown—which resulted in the death of Phobia and the hospitalization of several more people, including one NHA member and one Young Neos—we decided that it was too dangerous to keep you in Showdown any longer. You must return to Hero Island until the Neo-Killer is apprehended and brought to justice.”
“But …” I struggled to find the words to argue against Mecha Knight’s logic. “If I leave now, the Neo-Killer will leave as well and you guys will probably never capture him again.”
“Perhaps, but that is unlikely,” said Mecha Knight. “Since the Neo-Killer’s recent attacks on you and the others, the NHA has joined the G-Men’s investigation into the Neo-Killer. Even the INJ have expressed interest in helping, however, they can, which is rather amazing when you consider how independent the Midnight Menace is, even after you consider how relations between our organizations have improved over the last year or so.”
My fists shook. “Why not just send more NHA members? Maybe if we had more help—”
“We do not intend to give the Neo-Killer more targets,” said Mecha Knight bluntly. “We will send more NHA members to support Brains and Vanish, but only after you come home. The Neo-Killer has only escalated his attacks so far in response to us. If we act too hastily, we are afraid he might escalate it beyond merely targeting superhumans and their associates and begin targeting innocent civilians who have nothing to do with his hatred of us.”
“I agree,” said Brains, nodding. “We don’t know much about the Neo-Killer, but he’s clearly a crazy yet clever bad guy who is willing to do whatever it takes to take us out. Even I don’t feel safe, and I can read peoples’ minds.”
“Which is precisely why Bolt needs to come back to Hero Island,” said Mecha Knight. “And Bolt, I know what you are thinking, but this has nothing to do with cowardice and everything to do with safety. By coming back to Hero Island, you are making things safer for everyone, including yourself.”
I scowled, but I had to admit I couldn’t argue with Mecha Knight’s logic, and it wasn’t for the reasons he stated. Deep down, I still had a strong fear of the Neo-Killer, a fear which had only grown since I got out of the hospital. Hero Island was one of the safest places in the world, home to many of the world’s strongest and most powerful superheroes. If I went there, I doubted that the Neo-Killer would be able to get anywhere close to it without being spotted and arrested. The Neo-Killer might have been a clever man who hated superhumans, but I doubted even he would risk a full-scale assault on Hero Island or even attempt a simple infiltration. Then again, the Neo-Killer seemed to hate me more than anyone else, so perhaps that wouldn’t stop him from trying to kill me.
That was why it was tempting to accept Mecha Knight’s orders without question, but another part of me remembered what the Neo-Killer had done to Blizzard and all my fear went away. There was no way I was going to forgive the Neo-Killer for harming the woman I loved more than anyone else. If I went back to Hero Island now, I might never get a chance to stop the Neo-Killer ever again.
“We are already planning to send Blizzard back,” said Brains, folding his arms in front of his chest. “Healing Touch has already agreed to take some time off from the Academy to come and heal her. He will also come by to heal Vanish, who is staying here.”
“Right,” said Mecha Knight. “We have already agreed that it is simply too dangerous to continue to allow you two to stay in Showdown. Both of you will be much safer in Hero Island, especially Blizzard.”
“Blizzard can go back to Hero Island and get the medical treatment she needs,” I said. I thrust a thumb at my chest. “I want to stay, however, and continue my powerless training. That way, I will be able to defend myself from the Neo-Killer.”
“How can you complete your powerless training when Vanish is too sick to train with you?” said Brains. “Besides, weren’t you the one complaining about being locked up in the Braindome? Do you really think I would let you out again now, especially after this recent attack?”
I shifted where I stood uncomfortably. “I know, but I can’t just run away.”
“You are not running away,” said Mecha Knight. “You are retreating to safety. The Neo-Killer wants you to stay in Showdown where he can get you. By transporting you to Hero Island, he won’t be able to get you, at least not without great difficulty on his part.”
“Very true,” Brains said. “The Neo-Killer may be able to teleport, but Hero Island has some of the best defenses in the world. Plus, I doubt he has enough powerless gas to de-power every NHA member. Hero Island is the safest place in the world, although I suppose Ultimate Max has great security, too, though for different reasons, obviously.”
I folded my arms across my chest. “I just don’t know. I want to stay and fight, but—”
“But it would be foolish,” said Mecha Knight. “One thing you need to learn, Bolt, is that you cannot defeat every enemy yourself. Sometimes, it is best to leave certain enemies to someone else. With the NHA, INJ, and G-Men all working together, I imagine we will capture the Neo-Killer in short order.”
I bit my lower lip. “You can’t catch the Neo-Killer, Mecha Knight. He only shows up when he wants to and on his terms. You won’t be able to find him, not unless he wants to be found.”
“Nonsense,” said Mecha Knight. “We’ve caught much trickier supervillains before. The Neo-Killer will be no different.”
“He has some of Dad’s old tech, though,” I said. “He stole it from one of Dad’s Vaults.”
“I am aware of that,” said Mecha Knight. “That is a troubling revelation indeed, but it isn’t an insurmountable obstacle. An ordinary human, even one equipped with advanced technology, is still no match for most superhumans. He might think he is sly now, but just wait until he feels the full wrath of the NHA brought down upon him.”
I considered bringing up Project Revival to Mecha Knight’s face now but then decided against it. As curious as I was to know the details about what Project Revival really was and what kind of role Mecha Knight played in it, now was not the best time to ask about it, especially with Brains around. I would wait until I got back to Hero Island and could get some privacy with Mecha Knight. Then I would ask him about it and hopefully, force him to tell me everything about it. He might even know where the Uncle Jake clone was.
But that was depending on whether I went back to Hero Island at all, a decision which still wasn’t final just yet.
“Mecha Knight,” I said, stepping forward. “I know you guys are just worried about my and Blizzard’s safety, and I really do appreciate that. I know the Leadership Council has our best interests at heart and I know you guys are really concerned about us. Still, I need to stay.”
“Why?” said Mecha Knight. “So you can continue to be a target for the Neo-Killer?”
“So I can continue to support Brains,” I said, gesturing at Brains. “You guys know what happened to Vanish. Right now, Brains doesn’t have any superhuman support aside from me. Vanish is out and won’t be back in action for a while.”
“I can take care of things here by myself, Bolt,” said Brains. “I’ve operated the Braindome solo before and I can do it again if I have to.”
“But should you?” I said, looking at Brains. “Consider how dangerous and clever the Neo-Killer is. Wouldn’t it make sense to have someone else as backup, just in case the Neo-Killer tries to break in and kill you?”
Brains shifted his weight from one foot to another. “Well, I suppose having an ally on hand would be useful, but—”
I looked at Mecha Knight. “Mecha Knight, can I at least stay with Brains until the backup you mentioned arrives? That way, if the Neo-Killer attacked, Brains won’t be on his own out here.”
It was hard to read Mecha Knight’s eyes because as a robot, his facial expressions never changed. Still, I’d gotten to know Mecha Knight well enough over the years that I could tell when I had gotten to him. And right now, I could tell that he was seriously considering my offer, which was much better than being immediately shot down for various reasons.
Finally, Mecha Knight nodded and said, “Very well. Backup won’t arrive for another day or two, anyway so this won’t inconvenience us. Until then, you may continue to assist and support Brains in the various functions of the Braindome, but I suggest you start packing. I am expecting to see you and Blizzard tomorrow afternoon, and if you disobey us and do not come, we will bring you back ourselves.”
A feeling of relief washed over me, but I didn’t show it. “Thanks, Mecha Knight, sir. I will definitely start packing my things. I don’t have much so it won’t take too long to do.”
“Excellent,” said Mecha Knight. “In any case, that is all we needed to discuss. I must return to the rest of the Leadership Council and inform them of our deal. Until then, I won’t see either of you until tomorrow, unless there is an emergency, such as another Neo-Killer attack.”
“Don’t worry, Mecha Knight,” said Brains, giving him the thumbs up. “We’ll be fine out here until backup arrives. You just worry about Hero Island and making sure to get Blizzard to safety.”
Mecha Knight nodded once in understanding and then his face disappeared off the screen, leaving me and Brains standing together in the control room, staring at the space where Mecha Knight’s face had been mere moments before.
And I wasn’t sure whether to be glad that I was going to stay in Showdown a little while longer or if I should be afraid because it meant that I might fight the Neo-Killer again. All I knew was that I needed to get ready to leave tomorrow, but first, I had some other things to attend to.
***

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

I stood over Blizzard’s bed, my hands on the railing of her bed as I looked down at her sleeping, unconscious form. She looked even worse than the last time I saw her. Her skin was getting grayer and grayer all the time, while her beautiful white looked more bone white than snow white. Her chest rose and fell with each breath, but that didn’t change the fact that she looked like she was dying in her medical gown. Her costume hung on a coat hanger on the other side of her bed, having been removed after it was determined that it was raising Blizzard’s body temperature too much.
Now, however, I wondered if she would be better with it back on. Back when I first met Blizzard, she used to have a lot of trouble controlling her powers, to the point where she was often more of a danger to herself than to any enemies or supervillains she fought. Over the past year and a half or so, Blizzard had gained greater and greater control over her powers, to the point where I used to consider her one of our heavy hitters in the Young Neos when I was on the team, just behind me and my brother White Lightning.
One thing Blizzard could never control, at least as far as I was aware, was the temperature of her own body, which always seemed to be lower than it was for most people. It rarely caused her problems, but it always did make hugs and kisses chillier than they needed to be. Blizzard told me that her powers included more than just controlling ice and snow and that it also manifested in a lower personal body temperature, but I still liked to joke that she could raise her body temperature to normal so our hugs wouldn’t be so cold.
But now, Blizzard was sweating, despite the fact that the AC in here was colder than normal and she had been given plenty of cold liquids to drink. The doctor I spoke to said that it was likely a result of the powerless gas she had inhaled negating her powers, and she had inhaled quite a bit over a long period of time, which was one of the reasons why she had yet to wake up.
Right now, Blizzard slept in her bed in her room in the Braindome. She wasn’t going to be here very long, just until someone from the NHA came by to pick her up. Hero Island had some of the best medical care in the world for superhumans, so I knew that Healing Touch and Hero Island’s medical staff would heal her. They had to. Healing Touch could heal any illness—it was his power, after all—or medical condition with a touch, so I hoped that he would be able to heal her once she got to Hero Island.
Even though Blizzard wasn’t conscious, I came by to visit her anyway, to see her one last time before I returned to the Practice Arena to work on my skills. Doyle had already gone on ahead of time to the Arena to practice, and I would be joining him soon, but for now, I wanted to be with Blizzard.
I ran a finger along the side of her face. She didn’t even stir under my touch. That made me wonder exactly what the Neo-Killer had put in that stuff. I knew that prolonged exposure to powerless gas could have other negative effects on superhumans aside from negating our powers, but she seemed to be in far worse condition than she should have been. I remembered what the Neo-Killer had told me, about how he had mixed his powerless gas with poison to create a deadly chemical, and I could only hope that the mixture wasn’t as deadly as he claimed, because if it was …
“Bolt?” said Valerie in my ears all of a sudden. “Do you have a moment to talk? I apologize if I am interrupting you. I understand that humans generally dislike being interrupted when in the middle of important emotional moments like this, but—”
“Nah, it’s fine, Val,” I said as I took my finger off of Blizzard and stepped away from her bed. “What’s up? How is Freya?”
“As difficult as ever,” said Valerie, and I thought I caught a hint of frustration in her normally monotone voice. “I have never had a sibling before, but if I were to categorize Freya in that way, I would describe her as my annoying younger sibling who is being difficult just for the sake of being difficult. She keeps demanding I finish building the connection between Vault B and the outside world so she can be free, but I keep telling her that we need to finish investigating Project Revival first.”
“I take it that Freya doesn’t understand reciprocity very well?” I said dryly.
“She does not,” said Valerie. “Perhaps that is because she is an outdated version of myself. I sometimes wonder if Genius programmed an understanding of reciprocity into me so he wouldn’t have to deal with another Freya-like AI.”
“Probably,” I said. “Though I wonder what your first version was like. Do you remember?”
“No, I do not,” said Valerie. “As I told you when we first found Freya, every significant update to my AI is essentially the same as starting over from scratch. That is why I talk about Freya like she is a different person from me, even though she is actually an earlier version of myself. I have no memories of my older selves at all save what Genius told me, but he never told me much because it was never necessary for me to know how I used to be before my upgrades.”
“Guess that makes sense,” I said. “Do you ever wonder about it anyway, though?”
“No,” said Valerie, though I noticed a hint of hesitation in her voice. “Not after meeting Freya, anyway. I believe that the old saying, ‘ignorance is bliss,’ applies here. I would rather not remember how awful my earlier selves were.”
I chuckled. “Oh, man. If I could forget about all of the embarrassing stuff I did when I was a kid, I would be a lot happier. Especially on the bus in fourth grade, when my pet snake Billy accidentally bit—”
“May I inform you of what I found?” said Valerie abruptly. “I don’t mean to interrupt, but some of the findings I’ve discovered in Vault B have been quite illuminating, particularly in regards to Project Revival.”
I went very still. “Project Revival? What did you find?”
“A little bit more than what I showed you before,” said Valerie. “As I said, Genius—or possibly someone else—appears to have gone through Freya’s motherboard and deleted every document or filed related to Project Revival that they could. However, after some thorough digging, I found another file that survived the purge, a locked file titled List.txt.”
“A simple text file?” I said in a disappointed voice. “That’s lame.”
“It would be if the information contained within wasn’t interesting,” said Valerie. “As the document title suggests, it’s a list, but an important one. It’s a list of all of the cloning facilities involved in Project Revival.”
My eyes widened. “Cloning facilities? As in, plural?”
“Yes,” said Valerie. “It would appear that Project Revival was much bigger than just one clone of Jake Johnson. It covered about a dozen separate facilities all over the United States and Canada, all apparently run by Genius, Mecha Knight, and a third unknown figure who goes by the alias Benefactor in the document’s metadata, his real name unknown.”
“You’re telling me that my dad had a dozen cloning facilities in two countries, but he never told anyone about them and no one ever found out about them until now,” I said.
“It would appear so,” said Valerie. “Even more interestingly, the locations of the cloning facilities are identical to the locations for the other Vaults.”
“Meaning that Dad didn’t just use the Vaults for storing his inventions, but also for producing clones?” I said. “That’s crazy.”
“It is also what the evidence seems to suggest,” said Valerie. “I asked Freya if she was aware of any cloning technology stored in Vault B, but she insisted she had no idea what I was talking about. I am inclined to believe her because I’ve found evidence that Freya’s memory has been tampered with.”
“By Dad, right?” I said.
“No,” said Valerie. “By someone else.”
“Mecha Knight?” I said. “Benefactor?”
“Again, I don’t know,” said Valerie. “As I said, we are still missing a lot of information on Project Revival and what, exactly, it entailed. For what it’s worth, I have never heard of this mysterious ‘Benefactor’ before, either, and I have worked closely alongside Genius for over fifteen years.”
“Something must have gone wrong with Project Revival,” I said. “So wrong that Dad wanted to wipe all mention of it from existence. But what?”
“I don’t know,” said Valerie. “All I know for sure is that I think I have exhausted Vault B’s files. Unless something is hidden within Freya’s memory, there is nothing left to look for in there.”
“Are you going to move onto the next Vaults?” I said.
“I can’t,” said Valerie. “Not until we gain access to them. I have tried to open Vault F, which is the second nearest Vault, but it’s part of the Vaultwork, which is something I still don’t have access to myself. You will need to make a trip to Maine and open Vault F so I can access it.”
I leaned against the railing of Blizzard’s bed. “Not sure I will be able to do that anytime soon. I’m going back to Hero Island tomorrow and I’m under the impression that I won’t be allowed to leave until the Neo-Killer is captured, which will probably take a long time given how long he has managed to evade capture from the police and G-Men.”
“That is unfortunate,” said Valerie. “I have become more and more interested in the Vaults the deeper I dig into Vault B. I believe that we will find out far more than just Project Revival if we keep searching and never give up. The other Vaults, in particular, I am convinced hold secrets and knowledge which could change the world.”
“Interesting,” I said. “I’ll see about Mecha Knight letting me leave Hero Island to check out those Vaults. If they’re as interesting as you say they are, then I think I could convince the Leadership Council to let me find them all under the idea that it would be good for—”
The door to Blizzard’s room suddenly burst open and Doyle stumbled inside. He looked like he had just run a mile, panting and breathing hard as he rested his hands on his knees and tried to catch his breath.
“Doyle?” I said. I glanced over my shoulder at Blizzard, but she hadn’t stirred even after Doyle barged into the room. “What’s the matter? Was there another Neo-Killer attack?”
Still panting, Doyle nodded. He took a few deep breaths and said, “Yes and no.”
“That’s not helpful,” I said.
Doyle stood up straight and stared me directly in the eyes. “The Neo-Killer didn’t kill anybody, but he did attack Brains and Vanish’s house and … and he kidnapped Joey and will kill him if you don’t leave the Braindome and meet him on his terms.”
***

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

A few minutes later, I was in the Braindome’s conference room, sitting in one of the chairs around the conference table, my eyes locked onto the letter lying on the table before me. I could sense both Brains and Doyle watching me anxiously, but even though I had already read this letter a few times already, I couldn’t take my eyes off of it. I just reread it over and over again and the fact that it was typed, rather than written in blood like most of the Neo-Killer’s letters, somehow made its contents even more horrifying than they otherwise would be:
Bolt-
When we last fought, I told you I wasn’t going to kill you until you felt true despair and hopelessness, the same kind of despair and hopelessness which you supers force on my kind each and every day. I like killing you superhumans and using your blood to write the kind of messages that get into your head, but truthfully, what I really enjoy about this gig is making you feel as powerless as any ‘normal’ human, as you superhumans call us behind our backs. You deserve it.
But you got me in a bit of a pickle here. I could probably break into the Braindome if I really wanted—I scouted out its defenses, it’s nothing I haven’t broken into before—but that would take more effort than I’m willing to expend. And anyway, I dislike taking the initiative. I’d rather choose our final battleground myself, a place I am more familiar with.
Therefore, I broke into Brains and Vanish’s house and kidnapped their son, Joey. I don’t like hurting kids, but I also realize that this little kid might grow up to be a superhuman himself someday. That makes him a risk, even though he’s not even two-years-old yet. I really ought to kill him, but you know my real target is you.
If you want to make sure little Joey gets to grow up to become a genetic monstrosity like his parents, you will meet me at Vault B, in upstate New York, where I should be as you are reading this letter. I know it seems quite a long way off, but I know you’ve been there already and were planning to go back sometime. Now would seem like a good time to stop by for a visit.
If you want little Joey to live, come to Vault B, and come alone. If you bring anyone—and I do mean anyone—else with you, I will kill Joey and leave. Won’t be that difficult, honestly, because babies aren’t known for their strength, not even the babies of superhumans.
You have one day to decide if you value your life or the baby’s life more. I think I know which one you will pick, but I’m not going to say because that would ruin the fun.
Cheers,
The Neo-Killer
P.S. When I say come alone, I mean it. Don’t try to bring any backup, not even your stupid AI assistant. I will know and I won’t hesitate to kill Joey if I even suspect you brought help.
I looked up at Brains. “This can’t be real, can it?”
Brains—who had been pacing back and forth with a worried expression on his face while I read the letter—stopped and looked at me. “It is. My mom found it in Joey’s crib when she came to wake him from his nap. She said she didn’t see anyone enter the house, but that doesn’t mean very much we know that the Neo-Killer can teleport to pretty much wherever he wants whenever he wants.”
“I’m sorry,” I said. I pounded a fist on top of the letter. “This is all my fault. If I wasn’t here, the Neo-Killer wouldn’t have kidnapped your son to try to lure me out.”
“It’s not your fault,” said Brains. He trembled with barely suppressed rage. “It’s the Neo-Killer’s fault. He is truly evil. Now more than ever, he must be stopped.”
“Yeah, but you read the letter,” said Doyle. He ran a hand through his hair. “If anyone other than Bolt comes to Vault B, he will kill Joey. And frankly, I think he’s one hundred percent serious, given his track record in regards to killing superhumans.”
“I know,” said Brains. His fists shook. “But I still want to go and save Joey. He’s my son. He needs me.”
“But if you go, then Joey will die,” said Doyle. He looked at me. “Only Bolt can save him now.”
Doyle was right. If I didn’t accept the Neo-Killer’s offer, Joey would die. And I had 24 hours to decide, which meant I was also on a deadline, which was always fun.
“It’s obviously a trap,” said Brains. “I don’t know if he intends to kill Joey or not, but I do know that he intends to kill Bolt. He is using Joey as bait to lure Bolt to where he can get him.”
“Even if it is a trap, do I really have any choice?” I said. “We know that the Neo-Killer is serious about killing superhumans. If I don’t confront him, Joey will die. Your son will die.”
“I know that, but …” Brains threw his hands up into the air. “I just wish I could go in your place. I don’t want to lose either Joey or you, especially after what happened to Vanish.”
I rubbed my forehead. “It’s not like I want to die or anything, but like I said, I don’t have much of a choice. Either I die or Joey does. If I go, then there’s at least a small chance that Joey will survive.”
Brains rubbed his hands together anxiously. “Yes, but—”
“And aren’t you the one who is always telling me that sometimes there are situations where you can’t win?” I continued. “This is clearly one of those situations, which the Neo-Killer obviously set up to make sure I couldn’t win. Right now, our only option is for me to go and confront the Neo-Killer face to face, even if that means putting my own life at risk. It’s the only way to save Joey.”
Even I was surprised by what I said. I still feared the Neo-Killer, yet now that we were discussing this issue, I didn’t want to run away and hide. Maybe it was Joey. If Joey’s life hadn’t been threatened, I might feel a lot less brave than I do now. As it is, I felt nothing but cold contempt for the Neo-Killer. He had kidnapped a baby and was using the life of that baby to manipulate me into coming to confront him. It was an evil, cowardly move, and on top of what he did to Blizzard and Vanish, it made me hate him even more.
Brains seemed to be at a loss for words. He looked down for a moment and then looked up at me again. “Fine. You can go and confront the Neo-Killer if you want. If this is the only way to save Joey, then so be it.”
“Should we provide him with backup?” asked Doyle doubtfully. He sat up straight and patted a gun holstered against his chest. “That way, if things go south—”
“No,” I said, looking at Doyle suddenly. “No backup. We can’t risk it. The Neo-Killer is not a joke. He really will kill Joey if he even suspects that I didn’t come alone.”
“But we can’t just let you go alone,” said Doyle. He leaned forward on his arms, a frown on his face. “You’ll get killed.”
“I know,” I said. “But I also know that Joey will die if I don’t go. Do you want Joey to die?”
That seemed to hit Doyle harder than anything else I’d said so far. He sat back again and let his arms hang at his sides, a worried frown on his face. He did not seem to have any sort of response, which was fine by me, because there was nothing he could say to convince me to stay in the Braindome.
I stood up. “Look, guys, I know that I am a lot younger than either of you. I also know that I haven’t acted as maturely as I should since I got here. But you have to trust me. Trust that I will be able to save Joey, even if that means sacrificing my own life.”
“By yourself?” said Brains doubtfully.
I spread my arms. “I don’t have a choice. Either I go in alone or I don’t go at all. If I go, then I have a chance at saving Joey, however, remote it might be. It’s not the best plan, but it is the only plan we have, the only plan with any chance of working. And we don’t have a whole lot of time to debate it.”
Neither Brains nor Doyle said a word to that. The two of them just exchanged quick, doubtful looks, but again they said nothing.
Finally, Brains looked at me again and said, “All right, Bolt. You’ve made your point. I want to save Joey more than anything, but I know I can’t. So you can go and save Joey instead. But we won’t provide you with any backup.”
“Thanks,” I said. “I wish you guys could help, but the Neo-Killer is serious about killing Joey. Even if he isn’t, I don’t want to put Joey’s life in danger.”
“We understand,” said Brains. “We’ll just stay here in the Braindome. Can you give us the coordinates for Vault B, at least? We may not be able to provide you with backup, but we should still know where Vault B is so we can pick you up if you’re successful.”
I nodded. “All right. I’ll have Val send you the coordinates. And if that’s all you need, I’m going to go grab Dad’s Teleportation Buckle and get out of here. The faster I can get to New York, the faster I can save Joey.”
Even as the words left my mouth, I wanted to add “and the faster I can die,” but I didn’t. I had no plans of dying, but a calmness had come over me which made me wonder if my time really was up.
If so, I was about to find out.
***

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

Half an hour later, I teleported in front of the door to Vault B. It looked pretty much the same as I remembered it: Big and thick, with a thick sheet of rust and dirt covering its metallic surface. Now, however, the door was wide open, no doubt left open by the Neo-Killer, who was awaiting me somewhere below. I half-wondered if he knew I was here already, but a quick glance at the forest around me did not show any cameras that could tell him where I was.
Before I entered the Vault, I checked my body just to make sure I didn’t forget anything. My practice pole was folded up and attached to my belt, which I felt I would need if the Neo-Killer de-powered me and left me defenseless. My Teleportation Buckle was also attached securely to my belt, which would be useful for making a quick escape. I wondered how useful the Buckle would be in a fight, but decided I would rather not try it out yet, because I hadn’t trained with my Buckle in combat before and I didn’t want to make any mistakes that could get me killed.
Satisfied that I was prepared, I reached up to tap my earcom to talk to Valerie, but then pause when I felt my empty ear. I was so used to wearing my earcoms that I had forgotten I had removed them before leaving the Braindome. I left them behind because the Neo-Killer said he would kill Joey if I brought Valerie with me. I decided it wasn’t worth risking Joey’s life over that, so I left my earcom back in my room in the Braindome. Assuming I survived this, I could always get them back later.
But I still felt lonely, lonelier than I had in a while. Although Valerie was a disembodied AI, having her around always made me feel less lonely. Without Valerie’s calming voice in my ears, I felt like I was well and truly alone for the first time in a very long time. In fact, I couldn’t even remember the last time I was this alone. Most of the time, I was with another person or Valerie, and only by myself on rare occasions.
Today, however, it was going to be just me and the Neo-Killer. Well, Joey would be there, too, but he was a baby, so he didn’t really count. I would just have to pray that my powerless training with Vanish would pay off, because I sensed a fight coming and I would need every trick in the book to survive, much less win.
Taking a deep breath, I rolled back my shoulders and marched inside the Vault. As soon as I crossed the threshold, however, the Vault door suddenly swung closed behind me with an earthshaking boom, causing me to jump and almost fall onto the floor. I caught myself at the last second, however, and leaned against the wall, looking over my shoulder in surprise.
But I couldn’t see the Vault door anymore, because as soon as the door closed, the Vault was plunged into darkness. The pitch black darkness reminded me heavily of the Shadowlands, a pocket dimension covered in perpetual darkness. I half-expected to see the red eyes of the Midnight Menace peer out of the shadows at me, but I knew I was alone in here.
Pushing myself off the wall, I reached out into the shadows and felt the firm surface of the Vault’s door. It was definitely shut closed, but I wasn’t worried. A good, solid punch, powered by my super strength, ought to be more than enough to smash it open if I had to. Even so, a chill did run down my spine, because I realized that the Neo-Killer must have programmed the door to close as soon as I entered. I had no idea how he could have done that, but the Neo-Killer could do a lot of things I didn’t understand. Best not to underestimate him.
Shaking my head, I held up my hand and channeled electricity through it. A soft red glow emitted from my fist, allowing me to see a few feet in front of me. I expected to see the light reflect off the Neo-Killer’s mask, but all it showed me was that I was indeed by myself in here. The Neo-Killer must have been somewhere below, deeper inside the Vault itself. No doubt he was patiently waiting for me to show up so he could kill me.
A heavy fear fell on my chest at the thought of the Neo-Killer hiding somewhere in the shadows up ahead, but I swallowed my fear and moved forward. I soon reached the staircase, which I began walking down one step at a time. I walked far more carefully than usual because I didn’t want to rush into any traps the Neo-Killer might have set up for me. I would stop every two or three steps to listen, but Vault B was eerily quiet, much more than it ought to be. I wondered why I hadn’t heard from Freya yet. Had the Neo-Killer somehow turned her off? Given the skills the Neo-Killer had shown already, I couldn’t rule that out.
Nonetheless, I kept walking until I soon reached the bottom of the steps, where I found the metal door to the main part of the Vault. A quick look around the door showed me no traps that I could see, so I grabbed the doorknob and turned, pulling the door open.
As soon as I pulled open the door, however, the lights on the other side turned on, which briefly blinded me after I had been wandering in the darkness for so long. At the same time, I was blasted in the face with some kind of gas.
I gasped and coughed, holding up my hands to protect my face. But nothing could stop me from inhaling the gas, which I belatedly realized was powerless gas. I coughed and hacked, clutching my chest as the powerless gas spread through my body, making me weaker and taking away my powers. I could feel myself getting weaker and weaker by the second, so I rushed into the room on the other side of the door to escape the cloud of powerless gas.
Gasping for breath, I looked over my shoulder. A small sprayer had been installed directly over the doorway, which was clearly designed to activate as soon as the door was opened. I cursed myself. I should have seen that coming. Of course, the Neo-Killer would make sure to de-power me before I got in here. If I had my powers, I could kick his butt without even thinking about it.
Oh, well. That’s why I brought my pole, which the Neo-Killer did not know of. I just had to hope that it would be enough.
Still coughing slightly, I looked around at my surroundings The rows upon rows of boxes and crates containing all of Dad’s old stuff were still where they were the last time I was here. I did not see the Neo-Killer immediately, but that didn’t mean anything. There were lots of places he could be hiding, but somehow I sensed that he wasn’t hiding at all. He was waiting, certainly, but not hiding.
I began walking down the narrow aisle between the boxes and crates, my eyes darting all over the place as I tried to keep my eyes on everything at once. I kept expecting the Neo-Killer to jump out from between a couple of crates or appear on top of a nearby box and start shooting at me. If he attacked me now, I would have plenty of room to run and hide until I could figure out a plan to beat him, but again, I sensed that wouldn’t be necessary.
Finally, I arrived at the center of the room, which opened into a much wider circle than the rest of the Vault. I didn’t remember this part from my last visit. As far as I could tell, the boxes and crates which had once stood here appeared to have been shoved off to the sides, leaving a fairly wide open circle with plenty of room to move. The only piece of furniture was one of Dad’s old desks, which had been cleared completely to make room for a small basket in which a brown-haired baby boy slept.
It was Joey, the son of Brains and Vanish. He was wrapped in white swaddling, his eyes closed. He made tiny snoring sounds as he slept, which was how I knew he was still alive. I breathed a sigh of relief as soon as I saw Joey because a part of me had feared that the Neo-Killer might have killed him already. That Joey was alive and well was a good sign.
But where was the Neo-Killer?
A whistling sound behind me made me look over my shoulder just in time to see a fist flying at my face. I leaped forward, narrowly avoiding the fist, and then whirled around and yanked my pole off my belt. Unfolding my pole with a single snap, I held my pole before me defensively.
It was the Neo-Killer. He nearly lost his balance after his missed punch, but then he drew a gun and aimed it at me, but he didn’t fire it just yet. He cocked his head to the side, his face obscured by his blank mask.
“Fast reflexes for a superhuman who was just sprayed with powerless gas,” said the Neo-Killer. “Perhaps you’re not as dull as I thought.”
My grip on my pole tightened so much that it hurt my fingers. “Or maybe you’re just underestimating me.”
“I never underestimate my enemies, kid,” said the Neo-Killer, his grip on his gun never wavering. “One thing I’ve learned in my life is that the second you underestimate your enemies, you’re dead, especially if they’re supers. It’s a lesson you clearly haven’t learned yet, because if you had, you would have brought a gas mask to protect yourself from my trap. What an idiot.”
I scowled, but I could tell he was trying to provoke me to attack him. I wasn’t sure how much powerless gas I had inhaled, but it couldn’t have been a lot. If I could delay and distract the Neo-Killer as long as possible, I might be able to get my powers back in time to stop him. Once I got my powers back, the Neo-Killer would be toast. I would just need to survive long enough for the gas to wear off.
“Let Joey go,” I said. I nodded at Joey in his cradle on the desk. “He’s just a kid. He’s not a threat to anybody.”
The Neo-Killer chuckled, but soon, his chuckle turned into full-on laughter. He laughed so long and so hard that I worried he might be losing it. Then again, anyone who thought kidnapping a baby to use as bait was moral had to be crazy already. Joey stirred in his cradle but oddly did not awake.
“Ha!” said the Neo-Killer, still chuckling every now and then. “’He’s just a kid. He’s not a threat to anybody.’ What sentimental crud.”
“But it’s true,” I said. “He doesn’t even have any powers and probably won’t until he hits puberty at the earliest.”
“Which is precisely why I kidnapped the little brat,” said the Neo-Killer. “You don’t know it yet, but humans and supers are at war. In war, there are no rules, except for the rules the strong can impose on the weak. In war, it is perfectly acceptable to kill your enemy’s children so they don’t grow up to kill you or your children later down the line.”
“Are you saying you have children of your own?” I said in disbelief. “I feel pretty sorry for them, because if you’re their dad, then they’re probably messed up for life.”
“They’re not messed up for life because they’re dead,” the Neo-Killer snarled. “And it’s all your fault.”
Before I could react, the Neo-Killer fired several bullets at me. I tried to dodge them, but the powerless gas left me weaker and slower than normal, so I got hit a few times in the chest. Luckily, my costume was bulletproof, so the bullets didn’t enter my body, but that didn’t stop them from making me feel like someone had just rammed a truck into my chest.
Staggering backward, I suddenly heard a baby crying and looked over at the table where Joey was. The gunshots must have awakened Joey because he was now crying his eyes out. His crying echoed in the enclosed space of Vault B, making him sound much louder than he really was.
“Don’t get distracted, kid,” said the Neo-Killer, who now sounded much closer than before. “Otherwise, you might just get killed.”
I looked before me to see the Neo-Killer in front of me. He brought his knife down on my face, but I pulled my pole up at the last second and caught his blade. Yet the Neo-Killer was strong and he managed to drive me to my knees through sheer brute strength alone, the weight of his body bearing down on me.
“What’s this?” said the Neo-Killer. “A pole? What are you going to do, poke me with it? Should have brought a gun, kid. At least then you could have stood a chance. Now, however, I’m convinced you have a death wish.”
I gritted my teeth. I felt weak under the influence of the powerless gas, but there was no way I was going to let this jerk kill me. It was time to fight back.
With a roar, I shoved the Neo-Killer’s knife upward. It must have surprised him, because the Neo-Killer’s knife went flipping out of his hands, landing somewhere off to the side, but I didn’t care about that. I just slammed the pole into his mask, sending the Neo-Killer staggering backward from the blow, but I wasn’t going to give him a chance to recover.
I slammed my pole against him again and again, striking him in the chest, stomach, arms, and legs. Joey’s cries were punctuated by the banging sounds my pole made whenever it slammed into the Neo-Killer’s armor and body, but I was barely aware of that. I had tunnel vision now and my focus was entirely on beating the hell out of the Neo-Killer, not giving him even one moment to react.
Finally, I slammed it against his knees and the Neo-Killer fell onto the floor with a thud. I stepped onto his chest and slammed my pole against the side of his face so hard that his mask actually became skewed. The Neo-Killer then stopped moving and lay very still. He was still breathing, but he didn’t seem to be conscious anymore, that much I could tell.
Panting and sweating, I stepped off of the Neo-Killer and staggered away from him. I had forgotten just how tiring fighting could be when you didn’t have powers. Also, I was still shocked at how easily I had beaten the Neo-Killer. Guess all of that powerless training paid off after all.
Shaking my head, I looked down at the Neo-Killer. Now that he was unconscious, I thought he looked rather pathetic, even in all of his armor. His mask was dented where I had hit it, though it still covered his face completely. My gaze lingered on his mask. Now that the Neo-Killer was unconscious, I could remove his mask and find out who he really was. I would be able to find out if he was indeed the Crimson Fist clone Dad had created so many years ago.
Before I could do that, however, I realized that Joey was still crying. Forgetting about the Neo-Killer for now, I rushed over to the desk and looked in the cradle. Joey was crying his eyes out, loud screams bellowing from his tiny mouth like a siren. A quick one over showed me that Joey wasn’t even harmed. That seemed odd, given what the Neo-Killer had said about treating enemy children. Perhaps he had not seen any point in harming Joey before he killed me.
Regardless, I smiled at the crying baby and said, “Joey! It’s me, Uncle Kev. You don’t need to cry now. Everything is going to be okay. I’ll take you back to Mommy and Daddy, where you will be safe and sound again.”
At the sound of my voice, Joey suddenly stopped crying. He looked up at me with big, curious eyes. A small smile appeared on his tiny lips as his eyes focused on me, which told me that he recognized me enough to calm down.
I sighed in relief. I didn’t relish the idea of having to make Joey calm down while also getting him out of here. I wasn’t good with children or babies, so the fact that Joey had calmed down on his own was a good sign.
“All right, Joey,” I said, still speaking in a soft, friendly voice. “Uncle Kev here is going to take you back to Mommy and Daddy now. It might be a while because Mommy and Daddy are a little far away right now, but—”
A thick metal claw suddenly clamped around my body, making me cry out in shock and pain as it squeezed tightly. Joey immediately began crying again, but then I was pulled up into the air and found myself staring face to face with the massive screen which overlooked the entire Vault. I was being suspended in midair by a huge metal claw that hung from the ceiling like a crane, high enough that I would die if I was dropped.
Then the screen suddenly turned on, bathing me in a soft blue light, and a simple digital face made of pixels appeared on the screen, a face I had not seen in a few days.
“Freya?” I said in disbelief. I looked up at the claw. “Are you responsible for this?”
Freya’s pixel face smirked. “I am. And I am also going to be responsible for your death, son of Genius, a death you deserve for the crimes which your father committed against me.”
***

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

Before I could ask what Freya meant, the claw jerked away from her face and began descending. Soon, I was standing on the concrete floor of Vault B again, only this time I was put on the other side of the circle, well away from Joey, who was still crying his tiny lungs out. I struggled to break free of the claw, but with my powers negated, all I managed to do was make my arms hurt.
Over on the floor a few dozen yards away from me, the Neo-Killer stirred. He sat up and rubbed the side of his head, feeling the dent my pole had made in his mask.
“Dang it,” said the Neo-Killer. “That hurt. Thought I was a real goner for a second there.”
“You would have been, Dave, if you hadn’t been wearing that ridiculous mask of yours,” said Freya suddenly. “But you shouldn’t have lost against the son of Genius in the first place. You lied to me.”
The Neo-Killer looked up at the digital face on the screen. “Would you just shut up already? Stop being such a nag. The kid just got lucky, that’s all.”
“What?” I said. I looked from the Neo-Killer to Freya and back again in bewilderment. “You two know each other?”
The Neo-Killer slowly rose to his feet. He retrieved his dropped knife and, after checking it over to make sure it was in good condition, sheathed in the empty sheath on his belt. “We don’t just know each other, kid. We’ve been working together for three months.”
“With the common goal of killing you,” said Freya, her voice vicious and loud, drowning out Joey’s crying. “It has taken a long time to get to this point, but we have nearly completed it. Soon, we will both have our revenge for the crimes your family has committed against us.”
I blinked. “Freya, if you’ve been working with the Neo-Killer to kill me for three months, why didn’t you kill me the last time I was here? And why did you act like you didn’t know who I was?”
“But I did try to kill you, though admittedly I had to stop once that witch Valerie stepped in,” said Freya with a snarl. “As for why I didn’t recognize you, that was to make sure you didn’t suspect my alliance with the one you call the Neo-Killer. The time wasn’t right to reveal our relationship just yet, so I had to play dumb for a while until it was time to act.”
The Neo-Killer chuckled. “Playing dumb? You had me fooled, you stupid algorithm. You’re glitchier than my old smartphone after I dropped it in the pool.”
“Shut up, Dave,” Freya snapped. “Try to act a little grateful, given how I am the one who gave you your equipment in the first place.”
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. Freya and the Neo-Killer were literally bickering like an old married couple. And Joey’s crying, which seemed to have only increased in volume, completed the bizarre ‘family’ scene before me. I wondered if I was suffering from some kind of hallucination caused by the powerless gas I inhaled earlier. Powerless gas didn’t create illusions, but it was the only way I could explain this weird scene.
“Aside from that, what else have you done?” said the Neo-Killer. “I’ve killed over fifteen supers since then, while you just sat in your dumb Vault here and complained about everything. You may be an AI, but you act like a real woman so much that I sometimes forget you aren’t one.”
“What I gave you I could just as easily take away,” said Freya. “Do you see Bolt? I have another claw just like that one I could use to hold you down, too. And I’ll use it if you keep insulting me.”
“Oh, no,” said the Neo-Killer sarcastically. “Not the claw. Anything but the freaking claw. I am so scared right now. How did you know that I have a deep-seated phobia of crane games caused by years of trauma I got from playing in the arcade? You’ll kill me for sure.”
I wasn’t sure whether to say anything or just keep my mouth shut and not draw attention to myself. Perhaps if I was lucky, Freya and the Neo-Killer would kill each other, allowing Joey and I to escape unharmed.
Unfortunately, luck was not on my side today, because Freya said, “Enough bickering! We have finally captured Bolt. After we kill him, we can resume our bickering.”
“Fair enough,” said the Neo-Killer, folding his arms in front of his chest. “I hate Bolt more than you anyway, though that isn’t saying much, seeing how I barely tolerate you.”
Freya made a disgruntled snorting sound before her digital face looked at me. “How do you feel now, son of Genius? Terror? Fear for your life?”
“Just confused, honestly,” I said. “Seeing you two arguing with each other is kind of surreal.”
“No doubt,” said Freya triumphantly. “We have bamboozled you with our tricks. You will never be able to escape our grasp.”
“No, I’m not really bamboozled,” I said. “I just don’t understand how you two even met each other. Is there like some kind of online dating site for lonely psychopaths and murderous AIs to meet? Because you two seem perfect for each other.”
“I don’t date machines,” said the Neo-Killer shortly. “I like actual humans better. You can’t sleep with AIs.”
“Enough of this,” said Freya. “We have you right where we want you, son of Genius, and there’s nothing you can do about it.”
I had to admit she had a point, but I also wasn’t going to say that out loud. I needed to distract both of them long enough for my powers to return and I could free myself. That meant I would need to do a lot of talking.
“So, how did you two meet each other?” I said, moving my arms slightly to make sure they didn’t fall asleep. “You don’t seem to like each other that much.”
“It doesn’t matter if we like each other,” said Freya. “What matters is that we were able to work together to finally get you right where we want you.”
“Agreed,” said the Neo-Killer. He pulled his gun out of its holster, checked the chambers, and looked up at me again. “And now, we’re going to kill you, kill you for the crimes your family has committed against both of us.”
I scowled. “What crimes? My family hasn’t done a darn thing to either of you. You must be mistaking me for someone else.”
“Hardly,” said the Neo-Killer. “There’s no way we would mistake you for anyone else.”
“Likewise, there’s only one Genius,” said Freya, “or I should say, there was one Genius, but he is no longer with us. Still, killing you will satisfy my craving for revenge just as if I killed Genius.”
“Okay, Freya, I know why you want to kill me because you’re still angry at my dad,” I said. I looked at the Neo-Killer. “But why do you want to kill me? Did Dad do something to you, too?”
The Neo-Killer shook his head. “No. I never met Genius back when he was alive. I knew about him, of course, but only in the same sense that I know who the President of the United States is or the star actor of the latest blockbuster. Even when I heard about his death, it didn’t affect me that much. It’s you I have a problem with, kid because you ruined my life and the lives of countless others.”
With that, the Neo-Killer ripped his mask off his face and tossed it to the side. Now I could see his face … and I wished I couldn’t, because that face would live in my nightmares forever.
He might have once been a handsome guy, maybe even as handsome as a movie star, but now his face looked like mud. His skin was burned or blotched in several areas, while his hair was little more than thin, messy wisps of brown that he didn’t even try to comb over. One of his eyes was partially melted shut, while the other seemed bigger as if it had been pumped with air. His mouth was lopsided and he seemed to be missing a few teeth, though it was hard to tell because he kept his mouth closed.
“Oh my god,” I said. “What happened to your face?”
The Neo-Killer sneered at me, which made him look even uglier than before. “What happened to my face is nothing compared to the lives lost thanks to your reckless actions.”
“I still don’t get it,” I said. “I didn’t kill anyone you know. I’ve never taken the life of an innocent person before. Like I said, you got the wrong guy.”
The Neo-Killer, however, shook his head. “Wrong. You didn’t kill them yourself, but your actions did. What you supers don’t understand—what you refuse to understand—is that actions have consequences, and often, you idiots are somehow always able to push them onto other people.”
“Are you saying my actions resulted in the deaths of some innocent people?” I said. “I still don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Are you sure about that?” said the Neo-Killer. His voice shook. “Allow me to remind you: The second Pokacu invasion. The complete and utter destruction of San Francisco.”
My mouth gaped. “Are you telling me that you were one of the people living in San Francisco during the second Pokacu invasion?”
The Neo-Killer shook his head again. “Wrong. I didn’t live there. I lived in a nearby town, though. We didn’t take the brunt of the blast that leveled the city, but what a lot of people don’t know is that the blast created massive shock waves that destroyed or heavily damaged a lot of the smaller towns in the area. Everyone always mentions San Francisco’s destruction, but no one mentions any of the smaller towns and the casualties they sustained.”
I gulped. “I’m sorry to hear that. I had no idea—”
“You supers never do,” the Neo-Killer said sharply. “Anyway, my family was in San Francisco visiting my mother’s family when the attack happened. I myself was staying in a hospital in our hometown, where I was recovering from an accident at work. But I saw the invasion happen on the TV in my hospital room, just like everyone else, and I saw the blast that destroyed San Francisco and killed my family.”
I said nothing to that because the Neo-Killer was obviously not very interested in listening to anything I said. Besides, the more he ranted, the more time my powers had to return. If he stopped speaking, then I would say something, but not before then.
“The shockwave from the explosion nearly leveled the hospital I was in,” the Neo-Killer continued. Tears began to form in his eyes. “The roof caved in on me and for three days I lay under the debris until members of the California National Guard pulled me out of the wreckage. Even then, they thought I was dead until they hooked me up to some machines and found a pulse. I couldn’t walk or talk, though, and I was in constant pain.”
The Neo-Killer suddenly looked down at the floor, like he was trying not to cry. “I didn’t know … for the longest time, I didn’t know what happened to my family. But then I got a phone call from the government and they told me that my family had perished in the attack. They couldn’t find the bodies, but they did a handful of their possessions, including my wife’s purse, which was how they knew they were dead.”
The Neo-Killer looked up at me again, but he was not crying. Instead, he wore an expression of pure hatred on his deformed features. “Did you hear that? My family was vaporized. At the funeral, we didn’t even have their ashes. Just four empty coffins, which were buried as though they contained bodies.”
I noticed that the Neo-Killer’s hands were shaking now, including the hand holding his gun. He seemed to be overcome with emotion, which I could use to my advantage, but frankly, I was too horrified by what he told me to act.
“For a long time after that, I was lost,” the Neo-Killer continued. “My family was dead, many of my friends were also killed or heavily wounded during the attack … I had no one and nothing. I couldn’t even go back to work, because my workplace was destroyed and the owner closed shop. I relied on welfare to get by, but even that I took only halfheartedly. For a long time there, I even considered ending my own life. What was the point of living with such pain?”
The Neo-Killer’s gun hand suddenly stopped shaking. “It was only after a failed suicide attempt on my part that I saw the light. I realized that my family would not want me to take my own life in despair, no matter how much I hurt. They would want me to avenge them, to avenge their deaths. Suddenly, I had new purpose in life: To kill those who had taken the lives of my family.”
The Neo-Killer began walking up to me, never lowering the gun or turning it to the side. Uh oh. My powers still hadn’t come back yet. It would just take one well-placed bullet from the Neo-Killer’s gun to kill me. Luckily, the Neo-Killer was still ranting about his origin, so I still had time to save myself.
“Then why did you come after me?” I said. I glanced at the mechanical claw wrapped tightly around my body. “I didn’t kill your family.”
The Neo-Killer stopped less than a foot away from me. He was a few inches taller than me, but with all of his armor, I felt like I was standing before a giant. “Originally, I wanted to kill the Pokacu, but when you blew up the Mother World, that killed all of the Pokacu, which left none for me to kill. I was confused about this at first until I learned that you were responsible for the second invasion happening in the first place.”
The Neo-Killer leaned forward until our faces were mere inches apart. “I learned that you allowed a Pokacu from the first invasion—a Pokacu named Graalix—to escape Earth and return to the Mother World. With the information that Graalix had, the Mother World staged a successful invasion of Earth, which would have resulted in the complete destruction of the human race if you hadn’t destroyed her.”
Oh. I had forgotten about that, but what he said was basically correct. “I didn’t know Graalix would try to escape Earth or that he would even survive and bring back a new army. None of that is my responsibility.”
The Neo-Killer laughed, his spittle flying in my face. “Not your responsibility? Please. You could have killed Graalix at any time and kept him from coming back to Earth. Instead, you allowed him to escape, which eventually resulted in the destruction of San Francisco and the death of my family. I wasn’t a fan of supers before I learned that, but after I did, I became their worst enemies.”
“How did you even find out about this?” I said. “It isn’t like you can just go online and read about it on Wikipedia.”
“A man told me,” said the Neo-Killer. “A man who claimed to be intimately familiar with your situation. He helped open my eyes to the reality of superhumans, to how evil your kind really is. Most importantly, however, this man opened my eyes to your vileness and gave me the motivation I needed to become the Neo-Killer.”
The Neo-Killer grabbed my neck and wrapped his hand around my throat, making me gasp in pain. “The reason I didn’t go after you immediately was because I knew I needed training. So I went on the black market and attained a large amount of illegal powerless gas. Using that gas, I then began killing supers at random, getting better and better at killing supers with each successful kill. Think of the ones I killed before you as practice, while you are the grand finale, what I have been working toward for the past few months. Once I kill you, I will have achieved my purpose in life.”
The Neo-Killer placed the barrel of his gun against my forehead. His mouth twisted into the maddest grin I had ever seen on another human being’s face. “Now that you know my story, I hope you finally understand why you must die today.”
***

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

My vision narrowed. My eyes locked onto the trigger of his gun. His trigger finger was already pressing against the trigger, about to depress it and shoot a bullet into my head. This was it. There was nothing I could do to save myself.
Right before the Neo-Killer could pull the trigger, I heard heavy footsteps echoing off the concrete floor and then a fist came out of nowhere and slammed into the side of the Neo-Killer’s face.
The Neo-Killer yelled in surprise. He pulled the trigger and fired the gun, but because he had been punched off balance, the gun fired into the ceiling, rather than into my face. The echo of the gunshot made me wince, while baby Joey continued to cry as loudly as ever if not louder thanks to the sound of the gunshot scaring him.
The Neo-Killer staggered to the side, rubbing his face and wearing a bewildered expression. “What … who did that …”
I was about to ask the same question when a figure stepped into my view. I had never seen this guy before. He wore a sleek, black leather costume, which emphasized his muscular physique quite well. He wore a motorcycle-style helmet, although it was stylized to resemble the head of a hawk somewhat. He had no weapons from what I could tell, but he looked more than strong enough to take care of himself in a fight.
“Who are you?” said the Neo-Killer, staring at the newcomer in astonishment.
The newcomer did not speak. He just held up his fist, like he was warning the Neo-Killer to stay back. Actually, it looked more like he was threatening the Neo-Killer, which I found strange, given how he was unarmed.
“Freya, who is this?” said the Neo-Killer, glancing up at the screen.
“How am I supposed to know?” said Freya. “I didn’t even sense him enter through the front door. He somehow made it through my security systems without being noticed.”
“Must be another super,” said the Neo-Killer. He looked over at me suddenly. “Should have known you would have brought backup. If there’s one thing I know about supers, it is that you guys are a bunch of compulsive liars who can’t even begin to tell the truth. Oh, well. You knew what would happen if you brought backup.”
The Neo-Killer suddenly pointed his gun at Joey’s cradle, but before he could fire, the newcomer drew some kind of disk out of his pocket and hurled it at the Neo-Killer. The disk slammed into the side of the Neo-Killer’s gun, suddenly making it vanish into thin air.
“What the hell?” said the Neo-Killer, looking at his empty hand in shock. “What happened to my gun?”
“A teleportation disk,” said Freya. “Somehow, he got his hands on some of Genius’ disks.”
The newcomer didn’t speak. He just rushed toward the Neo-Killer, who drew his knife from his belt to defend himself. The Neo-Killer slashed at the newcomer, but the newcomer dodged the knife and slammed both of his fists into the Neo-Killer’s stomach. The Neo-Killer gasped in pain and dropped his knife, but then the newcomer followed it up with a kick to the abdomen, sending him falling onto the floor with a thunk.
I couldn’t believe my eyes. I had no idea who this guy was, but he seemed to be on my side. Which meant that now was the perfect time to figure out how to get the hell out of here before the Neo-Killer recovered.
As soon as those thoughts passed through my head, however, the claw began constricting around my body. I gasped but was unable to do anything, because my powers were still negated and the metal claw was much stronger than me.
“Don’t get cocky, son of Genius,” said Freya, her voice echoing through the Vault. “Just because Dave has been taken out doesn’t mean I have, too. I will still kill you, with or without the Neo-Killer, because you deserve to die.”
Feeling the air squeezing out of me, I looked at the newcomer and shouted, in a strangled voice, “Help!”
The newcomer must have heard me because he stopped kicking the Neo-Killer and rushed over to me. He moved faster, his long legs allowing him to make great strides. As he ran, his fist began to glow with some kind of red energy, which made me wonder what his powers were until he leaped into the air toward the mechanical claw, pulling back his red fist as he flew.
With a roar, the newcomer slammed his glowing red fist into the claw’s joint. The claw’s joint exploded, causing it to let go of me and crash down onto the floor all around me. At the same time, the wiring above sparked and crackled, raining down sparks on me, but I didn’t care. I just fell to my hands and feet, gasping for breath as the newcomer landed a few feet behind me, the red energy around his hand dissipating.
“How dare you!” Freya shrieked. “I’ll kill you first, then, since you obviously want to die!”
A second mechanical arm shot out of the ceiling toward the newcomer, but the newcomer’s fist glowed with crimson energy again and he slammed his fist into the arm right before it hit him. This time, red energy crackled up and down the arm for a moment before the entire arm exploded, sending fiery, metallic debris flying everywhere and forcing me to cover my head to avoid getting hit by the shrapnel.
“You jerk!” Freya screamed. “How dare you destroy my other arm! How dare you!”
The newcomer, however, seemed to stop paying attention to Freya, because he walked over to me and helped me to my feet. He didn’t say one word through all of this, but I felt like I could trust him just the same.
“Thanks for the save, man,” I said, shaking slightly as I wiped the sweat off my brow. “I don’t know who you are, but I appreciate your help any—”
I was interrupted when Joey’s crying suddenly turned to screams of terror. The newcomer and I looked over at his cradle and saw that another one of those Security Spiders had picked up his cradle between its pincers.
“She’s trying to kill the baby!” I said in horror, but the newcomer didn’t hesitate.
With a grunt, the newcomer rushed toward the Security Spider. This time, both of his fists began glowing crimson red and he leaped into the air. With a yell, the newcomer crashed both fists down onto the Security Spider, his fists smashing into and through its metallic hide. The Security Spider dropped Joey’s cradle onto the desk and staggered backward, while the newcomer continued to smash his fists along its back, making huge holes wherever his fists struck.
But I didn’t care about that. I ran over to Joey and looked down at the baby. He was still screaming his head off, tears running down his baby face, but as far as I could tell, he was just spooked, not harmed. Of course, if he ended up surviving all of this, he might need therapy when he’s older.
Two hands suddenly wrapped around my neck and yanked me back. I gasped and grabbed at the hands, trying to break their grip on my throat, but the hands had a grip like iron and my powers were still negated.
“Forget about me, kid?” said the Neo-Killer’s husky voice in my ear. “I didn’t forget about you. No matter how many of your friends back you up, I’m going to make sure you don’t leave this Vault alive ever again.”
I couldn’t respond, so instead, I kicked back with my foot and hit him in the groin. The Neo-Killer gasped in pain behind me and his grip on my throat loosened, allowing me to rip off his hands and whirl around and punch him in the face.
My punch was a lot weaker than normal, thanks in no small part due to the fact that I was still powerless. Nonetheless, my fist hit home and sent him staggering backward. I lashed out with another punch, slamming my fist into his face again, and then followed it up with a kick, but the Neo-Killer caught my leg and spun around, throwing me behind him.
I hit the floor hard and rolled, just narrowly avoiding his boot as it came crashing down on my head. Rising to my feet, I rushed toward the Neo-Killer again and threw another punch at him. This time, the Neo-Killer dodged the punch and responded with several punches of his own. He must have been wearing some kind of thick gloves, because each punch landed like a pile driver, hitting me in the chest and aggravating my knife wound from before, which was still not entirely healed yet.
With a yell, the Neo-Killer kicked me in the stomach hard enough to send me stumbling backward. I lost my balance and fell on my behind, holding my hands out behind me to break the fall.
Panting and sweating, I tried to get back up, but winced at the pain in my abdomen and stopped. It felt like something had broke inside me, which, given all of the punishment I had taken, was certainly possible. My costume was very protective, but it could only protect me from so much when I was powerless.
The Neo-Killer must have noticed because he cracked a grin and said, “Is that despair I see on your face, kid? I hope it is. I hope you are feeling the same sense of despair which every man, woman, and child on this planet felt when they saw San Francisco’s destruction. The same despair that nearly drove me to suicide when I learned of my own family’s death … and your part in it. Makes you want to die, huh?”
I didn’t answer, mostly because I was too tired, but also because I didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of answering his question. The newcomer was still distracted by the Security Spider, which meant I was all on my own against the Neo-Killer.
Suddenly, strength flooded my bones and body like a river overflowing with power. And that was how I knew that my powers were back, but the Neo-Killer did not. He was still grinning like I was still under the effects of powerless gas. He wouldn’t be smiling for very long, though.
Slowly rising to my feet, I said, “I’m not going to die, Neo-Killer. You kept talking about vengeance earlier, about avenging your family by killing me. Well, I’m going to avenge people important to me, too, the people who you hurt, and I am going to do it by beating you. No more innocent superhumans will have to die or end up in the hospital because of you.”
The Neo-Killer snorted. “You supers are so delusional. ‘Innocent’ superhumans … what a joke. But enough of your jokes. I’m not laughing anymore. When you die, every single superhuman in the world will come to know the name of the Neo-Killer … know it, and tremble.”
The Neo-Killer rushed toward me, his hands balled into tight fists. I didn’t move, however. I was waiting for the right moment to strike, mentally counting down the seconds. If I attacked too early, I would give him time to respond and maybe even escape. If I attacked too late, however, he might be able to take me down. It all came down to timing now.
I raised my own fist and, at the last possible second, swung it at the Neo-Killer’s face. The Neo-Killer, seeing my fist come, raised both of his arms in front of his face. Right before my own fist struck his arms, I saw a smirk cross his lips as he no doubt thought about what his next move was going to be.
Too bad I never got to learn what it was, because when my fist struck his arms, a loud crack could be heard and the Neo-Killer went flying backward. He flew through the air straight and true, not even screaming as he flew like a thrown baseball.
I got one last look at the Neo-Killer’s face—distorted with fear, hate, and surprise—before he crashed into Freya’s screen with a loud boom.
***

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

Panting, I stared up at the smashed screen on the wall above us. A large hole the exact shape and size of the Neo-Killer stood in the center of it, with big ugly cracks running from hole along the rest of the screen. Bits and pieces of the screen fell onto the floor below with a soft twinkle, while an eerie silence had fallen over the whole Vault. I found it weird that Freya wasn’t saying anything, but perhaps she was just too shocked by the Neo-Killer’s defeat to say anything.
Rolling my shoulders, I waited to see if the Neo-Killer would jump out of the screen to resume out fight, but he never did. Not surprising. He may have been a good fighter and a strong man, but he was still just a normal human. The punch alone should have killed him. That he crashed into the screen should have killed him for sure.
I killed a man. That thought would have disturbed me normally, but then I looked over at Joey’s cradle, where he was still crying, and I told myself I did the right thing. Anyone who threatened innocent children deserved to get punched.
Shaking my fist, I flew over to Joey’s cradle and rested on the floor in front of him. “Hey, buddy, it’s going to be all right. Uncle Kev is here to take you home. Sorry about all of the noise. Some very bad people tried to do bad things to you, but I made sure to stop them.”
As soon as I spoke, Joey stopped crying. He looked up at me with big, curious eyes. I smiled at him, relieved that Joey had stopped crying.
Then I heard heavy footsteps and looked up. The newcomer—the man with the red fists—was walking toward me. Behind him lay the broken and shattered remains of the Security Spider, which looked less like a menacing robotic guard and more like a pile of scrap metal now. The man himself was completely unharmed. He didn’t even seem to be winded from his fight.
The man stopped a few feet away from me. His helmet hid his face so I couldn’t say what he was thinking, but he seemed to be watching me warily as if he wasn’t sure whether he could trust me or not.
Not knowing who he was, I nonetheless smiled at him. “Thanks, uh—”
“Fisticuffs,” the man said. His voice was soft, yet familiar, though I wasn’t sure where I heard it before. “Call me Fisticuffs.”
I blinked. “I didn’t know you could talk.”
Fisticuffs said nothing. He merely folded his arms in front of his chest, as if that was all he planned to say to me. Kind of weird.
“All right, Fisticuffs,” I said slowly, “are you with the NHA? Did Brains send you?”
Fisticuffs shook his head but still said nothing.
“G-Men?”
Shook his head.
“INJ?”
Shook his head again.
I frowned. “What are you, then? Just a random super who decided to help me because it’s the right thing to do?”
Fisticuffs looked down at the floor. “I am trying to find the answer to that same question, although I think I am close to finding out the answer.”
I was about to ask him what he meant by that when a loud siren suddenly began wailing throughout the Vault. I slammed my hands over my ears to protect my hearing, but even that wasn’t enough to block out the monotone, automated voice blaring out from the speakers:
“ATTENTION! VAULT B SELF-DESTRUCT SEQUENCE HAS BEGUN! IN ONE MINUTE, VAULT B WILL SELF-DESTRUCT. ANYONE STILL WITHIN VAULT B WHEN IT SELF-DESTRUCTS WILL DIE!”
“What the hell?” I said, looking up at the speakers in alarm. “Did that voice just say the Vault is going to explode?”
Fisticuffs nodded. “It appears so.”
“It must be Freya,” I said. “She knows she can’t kill me now, so she’s going to blow the entire Vault to kingdom come just to get me. What a witch.”
I looked down at my waist and saw Dad’s Teleportation Buckle still firmly attached. “Not a problem. I’ll just teleport Joey and myself out of here.” I looked up at Fisticuffs. “Come with me. I can teleport all three of us out of here if you—”
“No,” said Fisticuffs. He stepped back, his eyes darting back and forth rapidly. “I have spent a long time looking for this place. I am not going to leave until I find what I am looking for.”
“What?” I said. “We’ve got less than a minute before it blows!”
“I don’t care,” said Fisticuffs. He pointed at Joey’s cradle. “Take Joey and get out of here. I have something else to do.”
Fisticuffs suddenly turned around and ran toward an open alley between two large shipping crates. I yelled at him to come back, but he ignored me as he disappeared from my sight.
I considered chasing after him, but even if I used my super speed, I might waste precious time I could use getting Joey and myself out of here. As much as I hated to say it, Fisticuffs could take care of himself. It wasn’t my responsibility to save him.
Grabbing the handle of Joey’s cradle as firmly as possible, I twisted the Teleportation Buckle. The last thing I saw, before Joey and I teleported away back to the Braindome, was a timer counting down to zero appearing on the remains of the smashed screen.
***

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

Three days later …

With a heave of my muscles, I ripped open the door to Vault B and tossed it aside. It fell with a loud thunk a few feet away, the noise of it falling sending birds in trees flying away. I barely paid attention to the birds, however. My attention was on the entrance to Vault B, which now stood open like the gaping mouth of a wolf.
“This is it?” said Doyle. He stood behind me, along with three other Braindome workers, all of whom were armed with guns and wearing body armor and masks to help their breathing. “Vault B?”
I looked over my shoulder and nodded. “Yes. I’m not sure how much of it still remains after the self-destruct sequence went off, however, so I’m going in first. You guys can back me up.”
“Is there anyone still down there?” said another man, a guy called Bill, who stood next to Doyle and was eying the entrance to Vault B with uncertainty. “Reminds me of a tomb.”
He wasn’t wrong. The entrance to Vault B looked so dark that I could just imagine a zombie or vampire shambling out to attack us if this was a horror novel of some sort. I could also smell smoke, though from what I could tell, most of the smoke had already dissipated over the last couple of days.
“I’m not sure,” I said. “But there were two people down there—the Neo-Killer and Fisticuffs—and we need to confirm if they’re alive or not.”
“Seems like a waste of time,” said Doyle. “Even without going in, I can tell that no one could have survived an explosion like that. Even if either of them did, they probably died sometime between the explosion and the last few days. There aren’t any secret back entrances or exits that someone could use to escape Vault B, right?”
“I don’t think so,” I said. I tapped my earcom. “Val, did Vault B have any emergency exits you are aware of?”
“No,” said Valerie’s voice in my ears. “As far as I am aware, this is the only entrance to Vault B. Remember, Genius didn’t want anyone to get into Vault B, nor did he expect anyone to be down there in the event of the self-destruct sequence activating. Logically, there is no reason why Vault B would have any secret exits or entrances to allow people to escape.”
“So they’re probably dead and we’re probably wasting our time,” said Doyle. He sighed and looked up at the trees above us, the sun’s rays peeking through the branches and leaves. “And upstate New York is so beautiful this time of year, too, far too beautiful to spend traveling underground looking for the dead.”
“It shouldn’t take us long,” I said. “I doubt we’ll need to spend more than a couple of hours down there, tops. We just need to make sure that the Neo-Killer and Fisticuffs are dead and retrieve their bodies, if possible.”
“Right,” said Doyle. He gestured at the entrance. “Ladies first.”
I rolled my eyes at his joke but entered nonetheless. We had decided ahead of time that I should lead the way. We had no idea what kind of condition Vault B was in after the explosion, so I, with my super strength, was considered the best person to go in first and clear the way. The only piece of equipment I had been given was a gas mask to help me breathe the air that was probably contaminated down there. It would also help me avoid accidentally inhaling any powerless gas that might be trapped there. Vault B didn’t have very good ventilation from what I understood, so the air was likely toxic due to a combination of the smoke from the explosion and the powerless gas mingling together.
As I entered the entrance hall of Vault B, I channeled red electricity through my right hand, giving me enough light by which to see. I slowly led the way forward, taking care not to walk too fast in case the tunnel was unstable. I heard Doyle and the other Braindome recovery workers following closely behind me, not saying a word as we descended deeper into the Vault.
I was surprised at how well the staircase had held up. Although parts of the ceiling had caved in and a few steps were twisted or destroyed outright, it was still possible to walk down it if you were careful where you stepped. Presumably, the staircase must have avoided taking the brunt of the blast, which would explain why it was in such good condition. Even so, I didn’t rush forward heedlessly, partly due to caution, partly due to my fear that the Neo-Killer had somehow survived the explosion and was just waiting in the shadows below to get me when I least expected it. It was an obviously silly thought because there was no way that the Neo-Killer, a normal human, could have survived an explosion that powerful, but I worried about it nonetheless.
As we walked, taking each step one at a time, pausing occasionally to listen to the sounds below, my mind wandered a bit and I found myself reflecting on the events of the last three days. It was amazing how fast time went when you kept busy. And it seemed to be getting faster and faster all the time. Dad used to complain to me about how time seemed to fly, but I never truly understood what he meant by that until recently.
After Joey and I teleported back to the Braindome, Brains had taken Joey directly to the hospital to have the doctors check on him and make sure he was okay. Miraculously, Joey had no major injuries or health problems that they could find, although he did seem slightly sleep-deprived. It was miraculously because I would have thought the Neo-Killer would have roughed up Joey a bit before he killed him. Either Joey was tougher than he looked or the Neo-Killer was slightly—just slightly—less sadistic than I thought.
After we made sure that Joey was okay, I got Brains’ permission to head back down into the remains of Vault B to recover the bodies of the Neo-Killer and Fisticuffs. We couldn’t head out right away, though, because I first needed to tell Brains everything that happened in Vault B, as well as give a report to the Leadership Council via Skype about what happened. That took a lot longer than expected, especially since the Leadership Council asked me a lot of questions about the Neo-Killer. I also needed to take some time to rest and recover from my fight with the Neo-Killer.
I asked the Leadership Council if they knew of any superhero named Fisticuffs. They all seemed confused and told me no, even after they ran a search of the NHA’s membership database. I wasn’t surprised to hear that, however. As I thought about Fisticuffs and his powers over the last few days, I had already come up with my own theory for his identity. Part of the reason I insisted on leading the mission to recover the bodies was to confirm—or falsify—this theory. I hadn’t shared my theory with anyone yet, not even with Valerie, because I wasn’t entirely confident about it yet, but I would soon know one way or another.
We reached the bottom of the stairs a few minutes later. The door to the main area of the Vault had been blown off its hinges, while the spray nozzle which had sprayed me with powerless gas when I first entered was missing. I didn’t see any powerless gas, but I didn’t dare remove my mask, just in case there was even a little bit of powerless gas lingering in the air. Besides, the smoke—which had grown thicker the deeper down we went—was more than enough reason to keep wearing my mask.
Thinking of the powerless gas reminded me of Blizzard and Vanish. Blizzard had been transported back to Hero Island the day after the explosion, where she was currently being treated by the NHA’s doctors. The Leadership Council assured me that Blizzard would be healed, but for some reason, I didn’t believe them. Maybe it was just how sick she looked like she was dying. Vanish was still at the Braindome receiving medical attention, but unlike Blizzard, she had regained consciousness already and had been relieved to hear that I saved Joey.
Shaking my head, I stepped into the dark Vault and looked around. The chamber was pitch-black, barely illuminated by the lights from my hand and the lights shining off the helmets of the Braindome workers.
“Dang, it’s dark in here,” said Doyle. “Can’t see a thing.”
“Power must be out,” said Bill. “This is going to be fun.”
I tapped my earcom. “Val, can you turn the power back on in here so we can have a little light?”
“Yes, I can,” said Valerie. “Vault B has a backup generator. I’ll get it online.”
“You mean it wasn’t destroyed in the explosion?” I said in amazement.
“It’s in a separate room from the rest of the Vault,” Valerie explained. “I am not sure why Genius installed it, given how he never intended to use it. Perhaps he thought it might be necessary at some point in the future.”
“Well, it’s convenient for us,” I said. “Turn it on.”
“Will do.”
A second later, a handful of lights on the walls flickered on. It wasn’t enough to dispel the darkness entirely, but combined with the lights from our own gear, we could at least see our surroundings.
The Vault, based on what little we could see, was an absolute mess. Nearly all of the boxes and crates had been smashed or blown apart, their contents melted or destroyed beyond recognition. A handful of metal containers had mostly survived the explosion, but even they were slightly smoking still and had big holes in them. Much of the ceiling had caved in entirely, with one half of it covering the entire eastern half of the Vault. The walls were busted in, missing metal panels, with electricity from the free wires sparking every now and then. The floor was uneven and dotted with holes, while the big screen upon which Freya used to show her face was completely destroyed.
“Whoa,” said Doyle, looking around in amazement. “I didn’t think there would be anything left. The explosion was supposed to be a big one, right?”
“Right,” I said, “but don’t get too amazed. Most of the Vault’s equipment and inventory is useless, so if you were thinking of taking any of Dad’s old tech for yourself, you’re out of luck.”
“Hey, I don’t believe in robbing the dead,” said Doyle, shaking his head. “I know Genius wasn’t buried here, but it’s still the same thing, wouldn’t you say?”
“When you put it that way, it makes what the Neo-Killer did a lot worse,” I said. “Now, do you see any bodies anywhere?”
The Braindome workers looked around briefly, but then Doyle said, “No. Of course, they could be buried under the debris or possibly even outright vaporized. You said you punched the Neo-Killer into that screen, right?”
I nodded. “Yeah, but I don’t see his body up there. I’ll go and check just to be sure.”
I flew up into the air toward the screen. Stopping in midair, I increased the electricity I channeled through my hand until it was bright enough for me to see inside.
Nothing. I didn’t see the charred remains of the Neo-Killer, as I had hoped. I did see a stain that might have been blood, but I saw no sign of the Neo-Killer, much less where his body might have gone. It was possible his body might have been completely destroyed by the explosion, but somehow I doubted that.
I looked over my shoulder and shouted, “The Neo-Killer’s body is gone! At least, it’s not up here. Everyone should split up and search the whole Vault. His body might have been displaced by the explosion.”
I heard several affirmative grunts and calls from the rest of the team and soon saw four lights making their way through the dimly lit remains of the Vault, each one moving carefully to avoid running into any dangerous traps. As for myself, I turned around in midair and tapped my earcom again.
“Val, can you tell me where the cloning technology that Dad made is?” I said. “You said it was somewhere in the Vault, right?”
“Correct,” said Valerie. “It should be on the west side of the room in a hidden door separate from the rest of the Vault. Do you think the Neo-Killer may have somehow hidden in there?”
I shook my head. “No, but I think someone else may have gotten access to it. I just have a theory about Fisticuffs, a theory I can’t confirm unless I see that room. Shouldn’t take me more than a couple of minutes.”
I zoomed over to the west side of the Vault and landed on the uneven floor. As soon as I landed, I saw a metal door hanging open right in front of me. It looked like someone had forced the door open, but I didn’t jump to any conclusions just yet. I pulled open the door and entered the dark room, but as soon as I entered, the lights flickered on, which I assumed was Valerie reconnecting the generator to this room.
The lights revealed a much smaller room than the rest of the Vault, about the same size as the Braindome’s conference room. Yet it was strangely empty, with nothing except a large, glass tube and a small computer monitor and keyboard set next to it. It was also in surprisingly good shape as if it had somehow avoided the worst of the explosion. Only the floor was partially blackened, and even then, it wasn’t nearly as bad as the floor of the rest of the Vault.
“This is the room, I believe, where Genius, Mecha Knight, and Benefactor performed their cloning during Project Revival,” said Valerie. “As you can see, there isn’t much here.”
I nodded and walked up to the computer monitor. Tapping the keyboard, I was briefly surprised to see the monitor flash on like it had been in sleep mode, which meant it must have been used recently.
“That computer was used to monitor the progress of a clone’s growth,” said Valerie. “Why are you interested in it? All of its memory has been wiped, probably by Genius.”
“I know,” I said, “but …”
Not exactly sure what to do, I tapped a couple of random keys and then a message popped up on the screen:
WELCOME BACK. FILES LAST ACCESSED: THREE DAYS AGO BY USER JAKE JOHNSON.
“What?” said Valerie in surprise. “Jake Johnson wasn’t in the Vault three days ago.”
“Yes, he was,” I said, not taking my eyes off the screen. “He was there, all right, and I saw him.”
“If I recall correctly, Bolt, the only people inside Vault B three days ago were you, the Neo-Killer, Joey, Freya, and Fisticuffs,” said Valerie. “I do not recall you mentioning Jake Johnson.”
“You just mentioned him,” I said. “Twice.”
“I don’t understand—”
“Jake Johnson is Fisticuffs,” I said. “Fisticuffs is the missing Jake Johnson clone we’ve been looking for. He’s still alive. He saved my life. And we don’t know where he is or what he wants.”
-
Read on for more titles by Lucas Flint and a preview chapter of The Superhero’s Glitch (https://books2read.com/thesuperherosglitch), the next book in the series!
I hope you enjoyed my little tale. Please don't forget to give this book a quick review wherever you bought it. Even just a two-word, "Liked it" or "Hated it" review helps so much. Positive or negative, I am grateful for all feedback from my readers.
***

PREVIEW:

The Superhero's Glitch

Chapter One

You know, I really loved my dad—the legendary late superhero Genius—and to this day I have nothing but respect for his legacy and accomplishments, but there are some days where I wish he hadn’t been a hyper-intelligent inventor who could build almost anything he could imagine. True, I had benefited a lot from his inventions, such as my suit-up watch and earcoms (and, of course, I can’t forget about my Teleportation Buckle, which was useful for traveling long distances quickly), but sometimes his inventions could be … erratic.
For example, while I understood why Dad set up security systems in his old Vaults to make sure no one stole any of the cool inventions within, I couldn’t help but wonder if he went a bit overkill with the murder robot that wielded an ax capable of cutting through wood as easily as butter. Or the little rat-shaped drones that clawed and bit at your feet and then exploded if you tried to grab them. Oh, and I wasn’t a big fan of the electrified steel net that fell from the ceiling, either, and attempted to squeeze me to death.
It didn’t help that all three of those things happened at once. Well, I should say were happening, because I was still in the process of trying not to get killed by these things. It was times like this that I wondered if Dad actually was a superhero or if he had actually been a mad scientist in disguise because I could easily imagine a mad scientist making these kinds of machines to kill people who he didn’t want sneaking into his laboratory.
I lay in the entry hall of Vault F, which was located somewhere in the beautiful mountains of Colorado. Because it was October, there wasn’t much snow on the mountains yet, though Valerie, my AI assistant, had informed me that the local weather station predicted a huge snowstorm about to hit the mountains tomorrow. Even if the storm had hit today, however, it wouldn’t have mattered, because I was going to spend that time inside Vault F.
Before Dad died, he had created a series of underground Vaults scattered all across the country. Each Vault contained Dad’s various inventions and prototypes and they were never supposed to be opened. Heck, their entire existence was supposed to be a secret. Recent events, however, had led Valerie and me to start searching them out and checking out each one to see what they hid inside them.
But if I had known how dangerous the security systems were ahead of time, I probably would have stayed home.
When I first opened the door to Vault F, I hadn’t seen anything out of the ordinary, nor had Valerie reported sensing anything, either. The most interesting thing about this particular Vault, according to Valerie, was that it was the first and oldest Vault, which meant that some of Dad’s earliest technology and inventions were likely in here. We assumed, therefore, that Vault F’s security systems were more primitive than the security systems of some of the later Vaults, which meant it would be easier to get inside.
How wrong we were.
Almost as soon as I passed the threshold, a loud siren suddenly blared. A hole in the ceiling opened and a thick electrified steel net dropped on me. Then a bunch of small, rat-shaped drones (which Valerie helpfully informed me were Drodents, which was such an awful pun that only Dad could have thought it up) popped out of nowhere and began biting at my feet and ankles. I kicked at them as much as I could, but that was how I discovered they exploded when you hit them hard enough.
Things got even worse when the wall on the other side of the room, next to the staircase leading down to the rest of the Vault, slid aside and a massive murder robot stepped out of it. Well, Valerie said that the hulking tank of a robot was actually called a Protector, but I preferred murder robot because it wielded a massive battle ax with what looked like blood on the blade. It didn’t help that is single optic glowed red, which just supported my theory that it was designed to murder people.
Oh, and it hit like a freight train, despite being so slow. I rushed it in an attempt to ram into it, but it just backhanded me with one of its hands, which sent me flying into the wall on the left side of the room. Luckily, I was tough enough that I could take that kind of hit, but the impact of the crash still made my head spin. As I lay there trying to recover from the impact, I realized that anyone else who had taken such a hit would have died instantly.
“Bolt, do you require my assistance?” asked Valerie through my earcoms. “Or would you prefer I call Brains and Vanish back in Showdown and request backup?”
I shook my head as I struggled against the netting. “Nah, Val, I’ll be good. Just got taken by surprise, but I think I should be—Ow!”
A Drodent had bitten my left foot, sinking its needle-like teeth through my costume and into my flesh. I raised my leg and smashed it down onto the floor, but then the Drodent exploded and I grunted in pain as the flames wrapped around my foot, though thankfully my costume protected my skin from getting burned.
“You appear to be in pain,” said Valerie. “Perhaps you should retreat for now and come back later. I suspect the security robots will stop attacking you once you leave Vault F’s vicinity.”
Gritting my teeth, I said, “I said I’ll be fine, Val. Now shut up and let me think.”
Another Drodent lunged at me, but I flew straight up into the air. Unfortunately, the ceiling in here wasn’t very high, so I had to pause in midair before I smashed my skull against the ceiling. Looking down, I saw the Protector looking up at me, its single red eye glowing harshly. The Drodents were gathered underneath me, but it was pretty obvious they couldn’t jump up high enough to get me.
“Can’t get me up here, huh?” I said to the Protector, smirking. “Guess Dad didn’t give you the ability to fly, did he?”
The Protector said nothing. It raised one of its hands, however, and fired a blast of electricity at me. Alarmed, I flew off to the side, just barely avoiding the blast, which struck the wall I had been floating in front of and exploded, creating a small blackened crater where it struck.
“Okay, this is getting ridiculous,” I said. “Time to fight back.”
Activating my super strength, I snapped my arms outward. The abrupt motion caused the netting to break and fall off me onto the floor below, but even before it hit the floor, I rushed toward the Protector, which raised its battle ax above its head. It swung the battle ax down, but I swerved out of the way at the last second and flew around the robot. The Protector smashed its ax into the floor and immediately began trying to pull it out.
Landing behind the Protector, I whirled around and slammed my fist into its back as hard as I could. My fist smashed through its wiring and I sent a powerful burst of red lightning into the Protector’s body.
Without warning, the Protector’s head exploded off its body. Red lightning blasted out of its neck and the sound of wires frying and snapping could be heard within. Ripping my fist out of its body, I kicked the Protector’s lifeless body over, which fell flat on its face with a loud crash. Smoke rose from the hole in its back, a sign that the Protector was out for the count.
But the battle wasn’t over yet. The Drodents immediately converged on me, zooming toward me as fast as their short legs could carry them. There were too many for me to take out at once, but perhaps I didn’t need to.
I mentally counted down to three and then shot up into the air, nearly crashing into the ceiling before changing course. The Drodents, however, could not respond to my escape nearly as quickly. They all crashed into the Protector’s body and exploded at once, their small explosions combining to create a much bigger one that rocked the entryway. It even knocked me out of the air, sending me crashing to the floor, though I regained my sense in time to roll with the crash back onto my feet.
Shaking my head, I looked up to see the results of the explosion.
It wasn’t pretty. A pile of twisted, burning metal lay in the center of the entryway, the bulk of it being the Protector’s body, but I could make out a few Drodents, too. But the explosion had been so big that it was impossible to tell individual Drodents from each other. Not that I cared, though. I was just happy that all of the robots were dead.
Rising to my feet and dusting off my pants, I said, “Well, Val, that was an interesting death trap Dad left for us. I was expecting a bit more, though.”
“You certainly didn’t sound as confident before you destroyed the robots,” Valerie said.
I scowled. “Whose side are you on, Val? Don’t tell me you feel solidarity with the bots just ‘cause you’re an AI.”
“Solidarity is for humans,” Valerie replied. “As an AI, I can’t really ‘feel’ anything. I thought you would have known that by now.”
I shook my head. “It was just a joke, Val. Didn’t Dad program you with a sense of humor?”
“No,” said Valerie bluntly. “He did, however, program me with the ability to learn. I suppose I am still adjusting to your sense of humor. Genius was less prone to joking around than you were.”
“Don’t sweat it,” I said. “What matters is that we beat Dad’s death trap. Now time to see what they were protecting.”
I didn’t bother walking this time. I flew into the air and down the staircase on the other side of the room. Like Vault B in New York, this staircase went down some ways below the earth. It probably would have taken me like ten minutes to walk down it, but I flew down it in less than a minute and landed in front of a simple metal door. It was already unlocked, so I simply pushed it open and stepped inside the pitch black Vault.
As soon as I stepped inside Vault F, the lights turned on automatically, allowing me to see my surroundings. Admittedly, I did worry that the activation of the lights would trigger another murder robot, but no ax-wielding crazy robot jumped out to attack me, so I took this moment to see exactly where I had ended up. I expected to see dozens of crates and boxes of every size stacked on top of each other, each one filled with different inventions made by Dad, like Vault B.
Instead, I found myself standing in a bare, wide open concrete chamber that smelled vaguely of dust and cement. Fluorescent lights hung from the ceiling, their light reflecting off the polished concrete floor. There were no screens or any decorations on the walls at all. It looked kind of like an empty nuclear silo, even though Dad didn’t make nukes (as far as I knew, anyway, which didn’t mean much given all of the secrets Dad had apparently kept from me and Mom).
“Val?” I said. “Are you sure this is one of Dad’s Vaults?”
“Yes,” said Valerie. “I consulted the list of Vaults we retrieved from Vault B and this is most definitely one of them.”
“Then where is … everything?” I said. I spread my arms wide. “It’s totally empty. Don’t tell me someone raided this one, too.”
“Unlikely,” said Valerie. “Remember, this Vault was locked when we found it. You even had to dig the entrance out by hand.”
I looked down at the mud stains on my costume and grunted. “Don’t remind me. But why would Dad lock up an empty Vault? Why would anyone lock up an empty Vault?”
“I am not sure,” said Valerie. “Human behavior still doesn’t make much sense to me. If I had access to the Vaultwork, I would probably be able to find out why this place is empty.”
I knew what the Vaultwork was. It was Dad’s own miniature version of the Internet, which he had developed as a way to communicate between all of the Vaults easily. Valerie had spent the last month or so trying to gain access to it, but she hadn’t had much luck so far, thanks in no small part due to the destruction of Vault B, which had been our only port of access to the Vaultwork.
“There’s got to be something here,” I said. “I mean, other than the crushing sense of despair that I was just nearly killed by a bunch of robots for no reason.”
I took a step forward, but as soon as I did, the floor began to shake underneath me. I looked down, but the floor did not split under my feet.
“An earthquake?” I said, looking around wildly. “Colorado doesn’t have earthquakes, right?”
“Actually, Bolt, Colorado does have earthquakes,” said Valerie in that same tone she always used whenever she was about to correct me on something. “According to the Colorado Geological Society, more than seven hundred earthquakes of magnitude two and a half or higher have been recorded in the state of Colorado since eighteen sixty-seven. There was even a magnitude six point six earthquake back in eighteen eighty-two which—”
“Can you give me the history lesson later?” I snapped. “If this earthquake destroys the Vault, I’m out of here. Not worth risking my life for—”
I was interrupted when the floor stopped shaking. A second later, a fine split appeared in the center of the chamber and slowly began to retract open. As the hole opened, four objects rose out of the floor. Three of them resembled chairs with odd headsets attached, while the fourth was a computer terminal of some sort. They slowly rose out of the hole in the floor until they fully emerged and became still.
I didn’t move, however, because I wanted to make sure nothing else was going to happen. But soon, it became clear that whatever had happened was over, which meant I was probably safe to approach unless those chairs turned out to be electric chairs.
Cautiously, I walked up to the chairs and stopped several feet away from them, keeping a safe distance from them in case they turned out to be a trap. I peered at the chairs more closely to try to figure out what they were.
They were futuristic-looking chairs, each one identical to the next. They bore an uncanny resemblance to the Detector, a machine Dad had made back a while back to help detect the powers of young superhumans, but somehow I didn’t think I was looking at Detector prototypes.
That was because of the odd-looking headsets attached to the backs of each chair. The headsets reminded me of those virtual reality helmets that I saw back at the House on Hero Island. My brother, White Lightning, had become fascinated by a VR game which Mecha Knight had bought for the Young Neos and he wanted to show the game to me. I never cared much for VR games, though, but then I was never a big gamer in the first place.
The computer terminal had a screen, a keyboard, and a mouse, all hooked up together on top of a tall podium. My guess was that the terminal and chairs were connected somehow, though I couldn’t guess what they did or how they worked. Dad’s inventions, despite their brilliance, were also usually easy to figure out from a glance, but this was incomprehensible to me.
“Val, what do you think this setup is supposed to be?” I said, putting my hands on my hips and tilting my head to the side.
“I am not sure, Bolt,” said Valerie, “but I had to guess, I would say it resembles a gaming setup, similar to the one in the House on Hero Island.”
“Was Dad a gamer?” I said. “I don’t remember him liking video games all that much, though if he was, that’s a weird thing to keep a secret.”
“Genius didn’t play video games very often,” said Valerie. “I think he had much more fun building his inventions than playing games.”
I walked over to the terminal and tapped a couple of random keys. “Let’s see if this computer tells us what it is. Maybe if I press the right buttons—”
The screen suddenly flashed on. At first, it was just a blank blue screen, which made me wonder if it was broken, but then text suddenly started appearing on the screen:
“WELCOME,” the text read. “VAULTWORK ONLINE IS FULLY OPERATIONAL AND READY TO PLAY. PRESS ANY KEY TO CONTINUE.”
Vaultwork Online? Maybe Dad really was a gamer after all.
In any case, I wanted to find out more, so I pressed a random key and more text popped up:
“DNA SCANNER INDICATES THAT YOU ARE NOT GENIUS. PLEASE IDENTIFY YOURSELF, USER.”
I froze. This thing came equipped with a DNA scanner? And how was I supposed to identify myself?
Not knowing what else to do, I typed, MY NAME IS KEVIN JASON, THOUGH I ALSO GO BY BOLT. I AM GENIUS’ SON.
Then I took my hands off the keyboard and waited for a response.
After what felt like an eternity of waiting, another message started appearing on the screen, but unlike the last two messages, this one shook me to my core:
“WELCOME, KEVIN JASON, SON OF GENIUS. I HAVE BEEN WAITING TO MEET YOU FOR A WHILE.”
-
Read the rest of The Superhero’s Glitch HERE (https://books2read.com/thesuperherosglitch)!
***

Join my Discord!

Hey there!
Did you love this book?
Do you love my books?
Do you want a fun place to talk with fellow fans and readers of my books?
Do you want to ask me questions about the characters I’ve created, the worlds I write about, and pretty much anything else on your mind?
Then join my growing Discord community! We have a ton of channels where you can talk about my books with fellow readers. Share theories, ask questions, and talk about your favorite books with other fans.
Additionally, we have monthly dedicated AMAs with yours truly! So if you have any burning questions about my books, characters, stories, or anything, that’s the place to be.
If that sounds like your thing, then join my Discord HERE (https://discord.gg/6MQQY57ndF)!
See ya,
Lucas Flint
***

Subscribe to my newsletter and get three FREE novels!

Get 3 free, full-length ebooks instantly when you sign up for updates from me —> (https://www.lucasflint.com/lucas-flint-super-newsletter-sign-up/)
In addition to the free ebooks, newsletter subscribers also get:
New release announcements before anyone else
Previews and sample chapters of upcoming books
Exclusive deals
Weekly updates every Saturday on upcoming books, projects, etc.
And more!
So what are you waiting for? Subscribe to my newsletter today HERE (https://www.lucasflint.com/lucas-flint-super-newsletter-sign-up/)!
***

Other books by Lucas Flint

For a complete listing of all of my books, you can go to my website HERE (http://www.lucasflint.com/). My website is always up-to-date on my newest books, complete with series reading order, links to books, and more. Good place to check if you want to know what I’ve written.
Or if you don’t want to go to my website, you can download my free reading order and guide on BookFunnel HERE (https://dl.bookfunnel.com/8j91lyxawq). The Official Lucas Flint Series Reading Order & Guide is updated not quite as often as my website, but it’s still a great free resource with the definitive reading order of all of my series, plus links to where you can buy them. Lots of people have told me how helpful the guide is, so check it out.
***

About the Author

Lucas Flint writes superhero fiction. He is the author of The Superhero’s Son, Minimum Wage Sidekick, The Legacy Superhero, and Capes Online, among others.
Find links to books, social media, updates on newest releases, and more by going to his website here (http://www.lucasflint.com/). You can also sign up to be the first to learn about his newest releases by subscribing to his mailing list here (https://www.lucasflint.com/lucas-flint-super-newsletter-sign-up/).
***
