

The Heroes of Ravenford

Book 1

The Ruins on 
Stone Hill




F.P. Spirit

Copyright @ 2014 F. P. Spirit

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in retrieval system, copied in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise transmitted without written permission from the publisher. You must not circulate this book in any format.

Independent publishing services by 
Melinda Martin of http://thehelpyhelper.com/.

Thanks to Tim for creating the world of Thac. And thanks to John, Jeff, Eric, Mark and Matt for their roles in bringing this book to life. And thanks to all the rest of our friends and families who gave their time and support into the creation of this book.

Eastern Thac as depicted at the Great Library of Palt on the Isle of Lanfor. Though there are still ancient copies on parchment, this visual representation of the map is magically maintained by the librarians there. This is evidenced by the addition of recent towns such as Ravenford and Vermoorden. However, it should be noted that landmarks such as Cairthrellon are still represented here, even though the great elven city “disappeared” over 500 years ago.
- Lady Lara Stealle, High Wizard of Penwick
Table of Contents


	1
Table of Contents
	3
The Red Warrior	1
The Dying Minotaur	1
Into the Dead Forest	18
The Ruins on Stone Hill	46
Through the Magic Mirror	71
Necromancers	96
Stone Golem	114
The Ancient Scroll	133
Wizards’ Duel	141
The Truth about Lloyd	156
Orc Season	182
The Cave Guardian	205
The Elven Bard	214
Down the Well	226
Lost in the Caves	245
The Enchanted Hammer	261
Return to the Ruins	285
Battle in the Dead Forest	304

The Red Warrior
Speed and silence, deadly both.

The aged ash trees reached toward the sky. Glimpses of deep blue peeked through the treetops, even the sun itself could not penetrate the dense forest foliage. The smell of the woods was prevalent; the fresh scent of the surrounding trees and bushes mixed in with the earthy aroma of grass wafted on the cool crisp air. A trace of dust lingered in the air, churned up by the wheels of the wagons that had traveled the well-worn dirt road, cutting a path through the looming forest. 
Other odors also rose from the earth: the musky, warm smell of horses, the heady memory of wine, some pungent herbs, dried hay. These scents were attached to a group of travelers. Horses were pulling wagons filled with boxes and barrels of goods and beverages that the caravan owners were carting to their destination. The wagon floors were lined with hay in a vain attempt to help make the passengers comfortable.
The clip-clop of horse hooves on the trail, the squeaking of turning wheels, and the rhythmic swaying of the wagons creaking along the dirt road gave rhythm to the caravan’s travels. Bright-voiced birds and rustling leaves were the forest’s contribution to the song of the road.
Glolindir sat in one of these wagons on a pile of hay. His back was propped against a box of goods. His cloak was thrown over it in an attempt to make his seat more comfortable, but he could still feel the hard surface through the thin cloth. Being an elf, Glo did not look much different from a human. He was about six feet tall with flaxen hair, blue eyes, and fair skin. He was perhaps a bit thinner than most humans, but the biggest trait that gave away his heritage were his long, pointed ears. 
Glolindir had been lulled into a half trance by the rocking motion of the wagon and the sounds of the forest. The young elf slowly became aware that something was different. There was a subtle change in their surroundings, but he could not quite put his mental finger on what it was. He opened his eyes and looked around, straining his senses. 
He noted that his friend, Aksel, was doing the same. A few minutes ago, the gnome had been lounging across from him in the wagon on a second pile of hay with his back leaning against a barrel of wine. Now Aksel was standing up, his three-foot frame tensing as he listened with his tiny, pointed ears. 
They both stood transfixed for a few moments, trying to place what was amiss. Aksel glanced over at him. Glo just shook his head at the silent question. They were missing something obvious, something that was just at the edge of the elf's awareness. Both friends turned to look up at Seth. 
The halfling sat in the front of the wagon next to the driver. His tiny form, just slightly smaller than Aksel's, was dwarfed next to the human wagon driver. The small head was slightly cocked as the halfling also listened.
That was it! Glo realized. There weren't any forest sounds. The birds stopped chirping their songs and the rustling of leaves signifying the passage of wildlife had disappeared as well. The young elf continued to strain his ears but could hear no animal sounds coming from the surrounding woods. He turned to say something to Aksel when a strange feeling came over him. He was very afraid. The fear washed over him like a crashing wave. His heart started to race. He began to sweat and felt a bit light-headed. 
“Are you alright?” he heard Aksel ask.
Glo was not paying attention. Instead, he began looking all around, his eyes darting from side to side, searching for any signs of danger. He saw nothing to warrant such an intense reaction. What caused this sense of dread? He then realized that it was his familiar, Raven. He was linked empathically to the tiny magical beast. These feelings of fear were coming from her! 
Glo stood up and looked out of the wagon and up into the trees. Where was she? He scanned all around, searching for his pet. Then he saw her. She was up the road ahead of them and was winging her way back. The bird was in a state of utter panic. Aksel also stood up next to Glo, following the elf’s gaze. 
“What's going on?” he asked anxiously. 
"It's Raven," Glo answered after a moment. “Something has her really spooked, something on the trail up ahead." 
Seth and Aksel were both looking at him now, the concern obvious on their faces. They knew he could feel what his familiar felt and could tell it was serious by way it affected him. 
Even the wiry old wagon driver could tell something was wrong. He glanced over his shoulder at Glo and said, "Son, you don't look so good."
"I'll be fine," Glo replied, steadying himself. "See anything?"
Seth and Aksel were now both scanning the woods ahead. Gnomes and halflings had eyesight that was almost as keen as the elves’.
"Over there!" Seth hissed. He was pointing off the trail and to the left up ahead. 
Both Glo and Aksel stared at the spot for a few seconds. There! It was the top of a bow. Glo strained his eyes, trying to get a better look. Was that an arm? Yes, he saw an arm--a bare, green arm. It was sticking out from behind a bush and holding a drawn bow with a knocked arrow. As he continued to stare, not quite believing his eyes, a gust of wind briefly blew the bush aside. For just an instant, he got a look at a face. 
It was not…quite…human. It was brutish, almost like a monkey, but green with two tusks protruding from the lower jaw. Glo was momentarily startled. He'd seen such a creature before in his books back home. That was an orc. A wave of nervousness passed through his body. Orcs were nasty creatures--carnivorous humanoids who did not mind at all feeding on the flesh of people. They were all in great danger. 
Aksel and Seth must have seen it, too. The three of them looked at each other, their eyes going wide. Glo pushed down his nerves, reached forward, and grabbed the driver’s arm.
“Orc!” he yelled at the top of his lungs. 
The driver was startled by the sudden outburst and almost fell out of his seat and off the wagon entirely. He recovered and pulled hard on the reins, bringing the wagon to a complete halt. The frightened man then turned and dove into the wagon between Glo and Aksel and crawled back behind the barrels and boxes. Glo, still standing, peered out and saw that the other wagons ahead of them also stopped. 
“Where did Seth go?” Aksel asked abruptly. 
Glo realized their friend was gone. He scanned the area and saw Seth stealthily crawling under the stopped wagon in front of them. He was about to yell out to his friend, ordering Seth to get back into the wagon, when arrows came whizzing from the forest. 
“I think he’s headed toward the front of the caravan!” Glo cried as he ducked back down. A split second later, an arrow embedded itself in the seat above them. Both elf and gnome momentarily flinched. 
Then Aksel said almost too nonchalantly, “Doesn’t surprise me.” 
Glo hoped fervently that Seth knew what he was doing. 
“I just hope he knows what he’s doing,” Aksel commented, mirroring the elf’s thoughts. There was a hint of concern in his voice this time.
 “He was well hidden beneath the wagons.” 
Though he tried to sound comforting, Glo was equally worried about their seemingly careless friend. In fact, he was concerned about all of them. Orcs were not creatures to be trifled with, and this was turning into a deadly situation.

Up ahead, Seth crawled under the two lead wagons to the front of the caravan. As he looked out from under the wagon, he saw the two sentries who were supposed to protect the front of the wagon train on the ground. Both men were lying there unmoving and with numerous arrows protruding from their backs. Seth was used to death, however. He had experienced it up close. 
A brief image of his old master came unbidden to his mind. The young halfling momentarily shuddered as he relived the moment his tutor disappeared in a conflagration of fire before his eyes, only a few feet from where he himself was standing. He could feel the heat as it wafted over him and smell the sick odor of burning flesh. Seth woke up many a night in a cold sweat after witnessing that same scene over again in his dreams. 
Seth shook himself. This was neither the time nor the place. He swallowed hard and forced down the memories, allowing his training to kick in. 
He scanned the rest of the ground around him, but there were no more bodies to be seen. Everyone else must have heard Glo’s warning and ducked inside their respective wagons. Bowmen were now returning fire from inside each wagon, but it was not enough to keep their attackers at bay. 
The orcs began to charge in from the trees on either side of the road and were advancing on the caravan. A few of the vile creatures were felled by arrows, but two of them made it to the lead wagon and were trying to climb aboard.
Seth, barely slouching as he hid under the wagon, stood face to kneecap with one of the orcs. The creature was so close that he could smell its stench. The fetid odor of unwashed flesh and filth filled Seth’s nostrils, making him momentarily scrunch his nose in an effort to avoid the smell. Gods, don’t these things ever bathe? 
The wagon tilted as the orc lifted one leg off the ground and began to hoist itself up the side. The scream of the driver spurred Seth into action. 
Speed and silence, deadly both. His master’s creed echoed in his thoughts as he rolled out from underneath the wagon and leapt up behind the vile, smelly brute. The bristly hair poked Seth's skin through his black silks as he grasped the oversized left ear of the orc, his hand slipping slightly from the greasy filth on the rough skin. He had already unsheathed a dagger with his right hand and, with practiced grace, brought it to the creature’s throat. 
Once again, he heard his master’s voice: All things with heads, from animals to men, need blood to reach their brains. Open those channels and the life will pump out of any foe. Seth’s blade moved across the orc’s throat quick and clean, cutting a deep gash clear across. The brutish fiend tried to reach behind its head to grasp its attacker, not realizing that it was already as good as dead. Seth had already let go and dropped back down to the ground. 
As he launched himself into a forward roll beneath the wagon, the body of the slain orc hit the ground with a loud thud. Seth did not pause. He caught a glimpse of the second orc who was beginning to climb up the other side of the wagon. He continued his forward momentum and rolled out behind the orc. Once again he had his dagger out as he leapt up behind the fiend. He grabbed on tightly and, with a quick slash of his dagger, dispatched the second evil creature. 
A sudden premonition, perhaps from his years of training, made Seth flip off the orc’s back. A second later, a flurry of arrows buried themselves into the falling body. No honor among these creatures noted the nimble halfling as he launched himself underneath the wagon once again. As Seth looked out from his hiding place, he saw a group of orcs approaching the wagon, bows knocked with arrows. The lead creature was squinting with its glowing red eyes and pointing to the place where he had just disappeared.
The four lead orcs fell to the ground, their previously knocked arrows flying haphazardly in all directions. The three behind them tripped over their companions and landed in a heap on top of them. 
Seth darted out from under the wagon and chanced a quick look down the line of wagons. He saw Glolindir standing in their original wagon, his staff in his left hand and his right hand outstretched. Seth flashed the wizard a quick smile, and Glo winked back. Handy having a wizard around who can put enemies to sleep! 
As the three orcs tried to get up, they were riddled with arrows from the wagons. Within seconds, all the vile creatures were lying on the ground in a heap. 
Seth ran out to the pile of enemies, making sure the three arrow-riddled fiends were all dead first. He then dispatched the remaining monsters with his dagger before they woke up from their magically induced “nap”. He kept his eyes and ears open for more attackers, but none emerged from the surrounding woods.
It began to look as if they would make it out of this after all, when a large orc, easily a head taller than the others, came crashing through the underbrush. He was a huge brute, with massive shoulders and long, wicked tusks dripping with saliva. Its eyes glowed red as it surveyed the caravan and the fallen bodies of its brethren. In its right hand, it held a huge curved sword, easily twice the size of the little halfling. 
How are we going to handle something like that? Seth’s mind raced, searching for some tactic to use against this beast.
The monster stared for another moment at the wagons and then lifted its head to the sky, letting forth a savage scream. The ferocity of it shook Seth to the bone as the sound reverberated through the otherwise silent forest. Then the beast lowered its head, lifted its huge sword, and charged toward the wagons. 

Glolindir saw the large orc at the same time Seth did. The wizard lifted his arm and pointed his finger at the huge monster as it closed in on the wagons. As he did so, Glo felt the mana, the energy that flows in and around all things, gather within him. The elf drew the energy in with his concentrated will and focused it with the gesture. All that was needed now was a verbal command to trigger it. 
The orc closed half the gap to the lead wagon when Glo spoke the two words that would release the spell, “Nullam Telum”. Immediately following those words, a projectile of arcane energy leapt from the elf’s finger and spiraled out toward the charging creature. The purple missile met the beast in midstride and connected with an audible impact. 
The monster paused momentarily and stared down at its chest. The beast reached up with its free hand and touched the spot, which was still smoldering slightly. It dropped its hand and turned its feral gaze toward the elven wizard who had just attacked it. The monster gave an evil grin and then began charging at where Glo stood in the front seat of the third wagon. 
Glo froze in place, unable to move. The young elf had been so sure of himself. He had studied his spells and creatures and practiced his art tirelessly, yet none of that had prepared him for this. Here was a real live monster bearing down on him, fully intent on ripping him limb from limb. It was closing the gap between them. Glo could not move a muscle. 
My father was right. The beast would be on him in seconds, and he was woefully unprepared to cope with it. At that moment, he wished that he had listened to his dad and stayed in the safety of their elven home, so many miles west of here.
Aksel climbed up to peer out of the wagon just in time to see the huge beast bearing down on them. “Well, that doesn’t look good,” he stated anxiously. 
Glo nodded his head. “Agreed,” he said through barely moving lips.

When Seth saw the monstrous orc bearing down on his friends, he threw all caution to the wind. There was no way the two of them could handle that monster alone. He was not sure if he would be much help, but he had to do something. 
He took off at a dead run. The huge orc was moving quickly, but if Seth could intercept it, he might be able to distract it away from Aksel and Glo. The only obstacle was the wagon that was directly in his path. Years of rigorous training kicked in, and without a second thought, Seth leapt up the side of the wagon and landed on the thin fabric up top. 
He swiftly moved to the other side, precariously balancing on the soft wagon top, and prepared to launch himself onto the beast’s back as it passed by. Shouts came from the front of the caravan. He paused and chanced a quick look toward the lead wagon. 
Down the road past the front of the caravan and closing fast was a rider dressed in all red armor. The rider was yelling something. It sounded like “Pen-ick”. The warrior repeated the cry as he closed in on them. Seth heard it clearly this time. It was “Penwick”. More orcs appeared at the head of the caravan, but they now turned toward the approaching rider. 
Seth turned back toward the monstrous orc, but to his surprise, the beast had pulled up short. It was now turning to face the approaching challenger. Luckily, he had quick reflexes and was able to catch himself. Otherwise, he would have ended up landing right on the beast’s face--not the most ideal place to be. 
For a few seconds, the orcs stood still, not sure what to make of the lone rider. When they finally realized he was by himself, the creatures began charging toward him. All except for the huge orc. It seemed to have forgotten about the elven wizard. It was now glaring at this brazen newcomer. 
Seth glanced over and saw Glolindir, white as a sheet, still standing unmoving but otherwise okay. Looking back he saw the rider had almost reached the caravan and now stood in his saddle. The figure launched himself off his horse, unsheathing two large swords as he arced through the air. The red armored rider landed in the midst of the orcs that were charging to meet him. Before any of the foul creatures could touch the figure, his blades began to swing around him. 
The man was huge! He was a head taller than the monsters, easily as large as the huge orc standing below him. Despite his great size, his moves were swift, weightless. He twisted and twirled, dancing through the attackers. One orc after another fell. The big man mowed down their enemies like a scythe cutting through weeds. 
Seth took a quick look back into the wagon and saw Aksel was now standing next to Glolindir, trying to get the wizard to snap out of his fear induced trance. Below him, the monstrous orc had not moved. It stared intently at the newcomer, seemingly oblivious to everything else. Realizing that his friends were in no immediate danger, Seth resumed his stealthy walk over the wagon top. 
Some of the orcs moved back from the big man, not wanting to face him directly, and drew their bows. Then just as suddenly, four of them fell to the ground, motionless. The two orcs behind them jumped back in fright and began looking around to see what had attacked their comrades. 
Seth smiled. Aksel must have finally gotten through to Glolindir and the wizard was at work. 
Before the archers could discover the cause of their comrades’ demise, Seth reached into a pouch on his belt and pulled out two thin black knives. In one swift motion, he lifted both hands and let the knives fly from his fingertips with a quick snap of his wrists. The triangular projectiles covered the distance to the two orcs before either creature could react and stuck with a soft thwack between both of their eyes. The evil creatures fell dead simultaneously, their bows dropping to the forest floor next to them.
Seth glanced over his shoulder, but the huge orc had not moved a muscle, still focused solely on the large man mowing down its brethren. 
As he turned back toward the fight, the red warrior felled his last opponent. He stood alone now, orc bodies strewn all around him. The man was covered in sweat from his exertion but did not seem to be breathing heavily at all. 
The rest of the orcs were now either dead or asleep. The huge orc stared balefully at the large man then reared its head toward the sky. Once again it let out that bone-clattering scream then dropped its head and charged toward this new foe.
“Look out!” Seth yelled from his perch on the wagon. The warrior looked up at him, smiled briefly, and began rushing forward to meet the charging orc. Large as he was, he somehow managed to move with incredible speed. He stared at his foe as he hurtled toward it, his two large swords spread out on either side.
Man and orc collided head on; two great titans had locked in battle. Both adversaries’ muscles heaved in testament to the ferocity of the struggle. Yet the red warrior turned aside the attacks from the monster’s large curved blade. It swung at him again and again, each time grunting and heaving its huge sword at the man, trying to cleave him in two. Instead of dancing around this opponent, the large man stood his ground, parrying each of the tremendous blows with one of his own large swords and slicing the vicious beast with the other. 
It was apparent that the monster had no sword skills whatsoever. It was used to relying on its great strength to overwhelm its opponents. After a short time, the monster was bleeding profusely, its greasy, green body streaked with dripping trails of blood. 
Seth took advantage of the distraction and dropped down off the top of the wagon. He crept forward to the sleeping orcs and silently dispatched the rest of them. When Seth looked back up, the two were still locked in combat. 
The beast changed tactics. Instead of coming at the warrior with another huge overhand swing, it pulled back and slashed at its opponent’s torso. If that blow had landed, it would have chopped the man’s left arm off and cleaved him halfway through. 
The warrior moved quickly and blocked with a downward parry that sent the monster’s blade flying in an upward arc. As the wicked blade slid off the man’s sword, it caught him in the upper left arm.
That's not good, Seth thought. Skilled as the red warrior was, there was no way he would be able to fend off the huge orc with one arm. It looked like they would have to jump in to help him, but what could they do against this beast? 
Seth glanced over his shoulder and saw that Glo and Aksel had both climbed out of their wagon. They stood in front of it now and were watching the battle. 
Seth cried out to the wizard, “Can you put it to sleep?” 
Glo stared back at him, his face looking haggard and drawn. 
“I cannot!" Glolindir cried back, the frustration apparent in his voice. "My...concentration is...gone." 
Double not good. Spell-casting was very taxing, each spell taking a toll on the caster’s mental reserves. Glo was still a novice. He was mentally drained and would not be able to cast another spell until he had a long rest. 
Seth turned his attention back to the battle, racking his brain for a way to help the injured warrior. To his surprise, both opponents had stopped fighting. The warrior had taken a step back and was examining his left arm, keeping one eye on the orc. 
Meanwhile, the monster stood glaring at the man, its barrel chest heaving from its exertion. Then the beast laughed. It was a deep guttural sound that raked the creature’s entire body. The noise sent chills through the halfling’s body. The monster was gloating before the final kill!
The large man did not seem intimidated. Instead, he grinned.
Seth stared incredulously at the warrior. Then it dawned on him. This was only a young human, in his late teens at best.
“Good one!” the warrior cried out in admiration.
The beast stopped laughing, uncertain. 
A tranquil look came over the warrior’s face, and his arms moved in a swift, intricate pattern. It lasted only a second, but when he was finished, both his blades began to glow. The light from the swords flared, and both blades burst into flame! 
Seth stared in amazement. He had never seen anything like it. 
This must have unsettled the huge orc as well. The creature took a step back from the warrior and muttered something unintelligible in its guttural tongue. 
The young human leapt forward and began a blinding offense that sent the creature backpedaling. The flaming swords burned brightly, sparking as they met the monster’s huge blade. Any blow that touched the creature’s skin caused the flesh to smoke and sizzle. 
The smell of burning flesh filled the air as the warrior continued his relentless assault. The orc was driven backwards, cursing and screaming until finally the warrior landed a blow that jarred the creature’s curved sword loose. The wicked blade went arcing through the air and landed a few yards away, well out of the monster’s reach.
The beast screamed in frustration, rearing back from the twin fiery blades, bellowing into the sky. With almost no warning, the creature lunged at the young man, wanting to crush him under its great weight. Seth thought the man would be flattened, but instead the warrior braced himself, pointing his two swords forward.
Too late the monster realized its peril. It could not stop itself and neatly skewered its body on the young man’s burning blades. Time froze as the creature hung there for a moment, the back of the twin swords protruding from its massive body. Then the beast shuddered once and fell backward, landing with a loud thud. 
The warrior stood over the brute, dripping with sweat, his chest now heaving as he took in long deep breaths. The orc lay on the ground; its massive limbs still twitching in the dirt. Finally the spasms subsided, and the beast was completely still. 
The red warrior stepped over the monster. The fire that engulfed the blades was now out, and they coldly protruded from the orc’s carcass. The young man reached down and yanked out each blade. The swords were covered in blood up to their hilts. The warrior stepped back, took a deep breath, and sat down on a nearby rock. 
Seth breathed a huge sigh of relief. They had won the battle and were now safe. He rose from his crouched position next to the pile of dead orcs and strode over to the big man. Glo and Aksel were only a few steps behind him. 
This warrior was definitely tall. Seth estimated him to be well over six feet. He was broad shouldered and muscular but not overly so. Brown tousled hair capped his youthful features. His deep blue eyes watched with interest as the halfling approached.
“Nice job with those throwing knives,” the warrior commented as he wiped the blood from one of his blades. Seth smiled up at the man. 
“Not so bad yourself with those giant pig stickers.”
“Thanks!” the big man laughed. “My name’s Lloyd. What’s yours?”
“Seth.”
“Well met, Seth,” Lloyd said extending his hand. Seth reached up and shook the large man’s hand, his own small hand lost in the shake. This Lloyd had a very strong grip.
“That was a neat trick with those flaming swords.”
“Oh, that?” Lloyd said casually. “That was nothing. Just a little something my father taught me.”
“Well, I thought that was amazing,” Glo declared as he and Aksel joined them. “I’ve never seen anything like it. How did you do it?”
“I’m a spiritblade,” he replied, as if that explained everything.
“What’s a spirit…blade?” Glo asked curiously.
“A spiritblade is…kind of a disciple of the sword,” Lloyd answered. “We learn to use our minds and spirits as well as our bodies to wield our weapons. The spiritual energy…enhances what we do…and sometimes makes it look like…magic.”
Seth whistled low. “That’s very interesting. Where’d you study?”
“With my father,” Lloyd answered humbly. “He’s one of the best in the world.”
“He must be very proud of you,” Glo replied. “Where are my manners? I’m Glolindir. And this is Aksel,” he finished pointing to his gnome friend. 
Lloyd stood up and extended a hand to Glo. As he shook the elf's hand, Seth noticed Glo wince a bit. Then the big man reached down and shook Aksel’s hand, which completely disappeared in his grip. When he was done, the gnome drew his hand back and rubbed it. 
"How's your arm feeling?" Aksel asked still massaging his hand.
“It's fine,” Lloyd said, moving his left arm around to support his claim. “As a spiritblade, you learn to ignore pain.”
“Pain is one thing, but it won’t do you any good if it’s cut and gets infected.”
"That's a good point," Lloyd acknowledged, a look of doubt crossing his face.
"I can take a look at it for you if you like," Aksel offered. The little cleric’s concern was clear, but he was trying to be polite nevertheless.
"Are you a healer?" Lloyd asked with keen interest.
"A cleric," Aksel affirmed.
“Okay,” Lloyd said reluctantly, sitting down on the boulder.
Aksel sat down next to him. 
Lloyd removed the twin sword sheathes that were strapped over his back and then peeled off what turned out to be a red leather armored shirt. His left arm had a gash along the upper part but was also bruised around the cut. It was already turning black and blue. 
“Ah, we’ll have that fixed in no time,” Aksel declared after examining the wound. Then he placed his hands on the arm, and a white glow began to emanate from them. 
The light moved its way along the arm, and the wound itself began to glow. The cut began closing before their eyes, and the skin started to take on its normal color.
 
Glolindir had seen healers at work before, but divine magic always amazed him. He knew that clerics manipulated mana much like wizards did, but where the arcane caster used his intellect to concentrate their will, the divine caster relied on faith. Almost any injury or ailment could be cured via this divine intervention. In fact, a cleric with enough experience in the craft could even resurrect the dead. 
As Glo watched Aksel in action, he noted that his friend was particularly good at what he did. It was not just the healing power he displayed, but the little cleric genuinely cared about the person he was healing. He was obviously concerned with his patient’s mental and emotional state as well as the physical, talking gently with Lloyd and assuring him as he applied his divine power. 
As Aksel continued to heal Lloyd, Glo's mind wandered back to the battle. He was furious with himself for freezing up the way he did. 
 “Sorry I wasn’t of much help with that huge monster,” he told Lloyd. “I only stepped out from behind my books a few weeks ago, and I guess I’m not quite as ready as I thought I was for actual battle.”
“Don’t sell yourself short,” Seth admonished. “You took out at least eight of those creatures by my count with that sleep spell of yours.”
“Maybe, but I froze when it came to that huge beast!”
“Ah, that can happen to anyone,” Lloyd spoke up, his expression one of understanding. “You should have seen how green I was the first time my father took me out hunting bandits! And anyway, I agree with Seth here. I am good with swords but not quite adept at dodging arrows. You two took out those archers mighty handily, and I, for one, am grateful.” 
Glo began to feel a bit better about the whole thing. He was about to thank them all for their kind words when the rest of the caravan joined them. The men and women all gathered around to thank the foursome for fending off the vicious assault. 
“Lucky you were all here,” a tall, graying man told them, “or we would all be goners for sure.” He then asked Lloyd if he would travel with them on the rest of their journey to the seacoast town of Ravenford.
 “Sure,” Lloyd replied earnestly. “But after that I am heading out to Tarrsmorr.”
“And what might you be headed there for?” Aksel asked. 
“I’m looking for work, of course. I want to use my skill with the sword to help others if I can.” He paused a moment, searching for the right words. “You see, things have kind of quieted down in my hometown. I could have joined the navy, but instead I decided to travel a bit and see if I could lend my blades where they would be most needed.”
“Well, you might want to rethink your decision about Tarrsmorr,” Seth interjected. 
“Why’s that?” Lloyd asked curiously.
“The three of us went there looking for work a few weeks ago,” Glo told him. “But when we got there, we found that the town had more adventurers' guilds than there were jobs. And if you didn’t belong to one, you had no chance of work at all. No guild would accept all of us as members, but we all wanted to work together. Instead, we decided to pick up and try our luck on the east coast.” 
"Rumor has it that there's not as much competition out there," Seth added.
 “So where are you headed?” Lloyd asked.
“We were actually thinking of traveling to Penwick…” Aksel began.
“Penwick?” Lloyd interrupted. “Why, that’s where I’m from! There’s no work for adventurers in Penwick.” 
Lloyd proceeded to tell them how he, his father, brother, and sister had helped the army chase the last bandits out of the Penwick area. It seemed that the entire family was as formidable as the young man. Any remaining bandits made themselves scarce after that. 
Now things were quiet and peaceful in the Penwick area, so Lloyd decided to journey westward. He hoped to hire out is swords in the larger cities in central Thac. 
“You might still be able to find work in Tarrsmorr,” Aksel responded, “or…you could travel with us. Like you, we want to lend our skills where they are most needed. You would be a welcome addition to our little group.” 
The cleric had just finished healing the man’s left arm. Lloyd stood up, waved his arm around a few times, and smiled down at Aksel. 
“Thanks. My sister’s the healer at home. She was always patching us up, even though we gave her a hard time. Guess now I realize just how lucky we were.” Lloyd looked over at Seth and Glo. “And as for you two, you both covered my back pretty well in that fight. All in all, I’d say we make a pretty good team.”
“Then, it’s official!” Aksel announced, putting his hand out. Lloyd stared at the little cleric’s hand for a moment then bent down and placed his hand over Aksel’s. The trace of a smile crossed Glo’s lips as he looked at the large human hand dwarfing the gnome’s. The entire thing seemed a bit overdramatic to him, but Aksel and Lloyd both had serious expressions so the wizard decided to follow suit. He bent down and placed his hand solemnly over the others. 
All eyes turned to Seth. The halfling stood there for a moment then rolled his eyes toward the heavens. 
“Well, if it will make you happy.” He stepped forward and put his hand on top of the others. 
The four of them stood there for a moment at the edge of the forest, hands joined. Human, elf, gnome, and halfling--a very unlikely union of races. 
Finally, Seth stepped back. “Okay, so much for the picture perfect moment. Now what do we do?” 
Aksel smiled. “For now, we continue with the caravan to Ravenford. After all, at least one of us is getting paid.” 
“Does this mean that Lloyd has to split his fee with us?” Seth asked, his tone as innocent as possible. 
Glo and Aksel exchanged glances. They both looked at Seth and then at Lloyd, not sure what to say. 
Lloyd’s expression was unreadable at first, but then he burst out laughing. “O…kay,” he said when he could finally get the words out. “I can see who is going to be the treasurer of this little group!”
“Seth? Treasurer?" Glo cried in disbelief. "I just hope you’re more careful with our money than you are with yourself.” 
Seth shot him a dirty look, but then saw that Glo was smiling. The halfling smirked. “Very funny.” 
Lloyd, Glo, and Aksel all burst into laughter at that. Even Seth broke down and chuckled along. 
As the merriment died down, the caravan owner rejoined them and spoke solemnly. “We finished gathering the bodies and stowed them in the wagons.” 
“Very good,” Aksel stood up, sobering at once. “I will go and perform last rites over them.” The little cleric left to perform his somber duties. 
“Anyway,” the merchant continued, “We can move out whenever Cleric Aksel is done. If we leave soon, we can be in Ravenford by nightfall.”
“Good enough!” Lloyd exclaimed. He gathered his armor and swords and then went to get his horse. Meanwhile, Seth and Glo headed back to their wagon. 
“So,” Glo said quietly to his halfling friend, “when were you going to tell us you were some kind of assassin?” 
Seth stared up at him darkly. “Seriously?” he replied, a hard edge to his voice. Seth paused for a moment then whispered harshly, “The proper term is ninja. And the art of Ninjutsu is about surprise and deception. It is not a topic for idle conversation.” 
Glo was taken aback by Seth’s vehement response. The combination of stealth, speed, dexterity, and the expert use of knives all had made Glo think of an assassin. The image was further enhanced by the fact that Seth dressed mostly in black. Glo did not mean to offend his small friend with the observation, but, on reflection, he realized that the label had some pretty negative connotations. He decided to apologize and drop the subject for now. 
“My apologies, my friend. What I should have said is that I am greatly impressed by your prowess. Lloyd was right. You had all our backs covered in that fight. I am not certain we would have survived it without you.” 
Seth nodded his thanks. Then he flashed a smile and teased, “You weren’t so bad yourself. Now we just need to get you over your stage fright!” 
Glo couldn’t help smiling back. A short time later, Aksel joined them back at the third wagon. All three companions resumed their original seats, and then the caravan began to move out.
“Treasurer,” Seth mused to himself as he sat next to the wagon driver, “I think I like the sound of that!” 
Aksel and Glo exchanged glances and silently grinned.



The Dying Minotaur
May the leaves of your life tree never turn brown.
The caravan continued east along the road and was quickly out of the forest. It was late in the day, but the sun still shone brightly in the sky behind them, hovering over the deep green trees of the Bendenwoods. The rolling green heights of the Korlokesel Mountains could still be seen far back on the western horizon. In front of them stretched the grasslands, and the road they now followed unraveled before them like a thin ribbon into the distance. Sporadic groups of trees sprung up here and there, but none were the size of the forest they just left. 
The Bendenwoods still spread behind them as far north and south as the eye could see. Now that they were out of the forest, a range of rolling, tree covered hills appeared to the north. These hills were known as the Vogels and would parallel their path eastward all the way to the sea. The grasslands also stretched to the southern horizon, although a glimpse of a wide flowing river was viewable at times. This river, the West Raven, also paralleled the east road but would eventually combine with the Berribrun just west of Ravenford. From there, the Raven River would flow through the center of that seaport town and empty into Merchant Bay, a huge body of water in its own right which opens out to the sea beyond. 
The first signs of dusk showed to the east as the small wagon train slowly wound its way along the open road. Glo sat in the driver’s seat of the third wagon, firmly holding onto the reins, still wondering how he had ended up in this unexpected position. He distinctly remembered admiring Lloyd’s horse, a white and brown spotted paint, and the two of them talking about horses in general. What followed afterwards was still vague in his mind. 
Their wagon driver showed up and was asking him about horses. Then there was something about the lead wagon driver dying, and before he knew it, the driver had all but handed him the reins to their wagon and was high-tailing it up to the front of the caravan. Glo remembered trying to tell them that this was a big mistake, but with Aksel and Seth’s encouragement and Lloyd’s promise to ride beside them, he finally gave in. Secretly, he thought that Seth only agreed to it so he could watch him make an idiot out of himself, but he kept that thought to himself. 
As it turned out, there was very little to worry about; the road was surprisingly smooth, and the single set of reins nicely managed the team of horses that pulled the wagon. Glo found himself settling into his new position, calmly riding along with Aksel and Seth on the seat next to him. Lloyd rode along leisurely beside them, as promised, keeping pace with his new friend’s wagon. Glo stole a quick glance at the young warrior, sitting tall in his saddle. Even though he now seemed quite relaxed, Lloyd still made an imposing figure, his two huge swords strapped across his back, the large hilts sticking out at an angle on either side of the broad shoulders. Now that they were out of the forest, the sun gleamed brightly on his red leather armor, making it shine crimson. 
Despite his intimidating size, Lloyd had turned out to be extremely good-natured and quite low key outside of battle. As they continued to ride along, he quietly listened to the stories about their homelands and the lands to the west.
“Cairthrellon lies many miles west of here, in the great forest of Ruanaiaith,” Glo was saying as he gently eased up on the reins. “But unlike other cities, Cairthrellon is a part of the forest--alive, beautiful, and ever changing.” 
“How is that possible?” Lloyd asked with a puzzled look.
Glo paused a moment, searching for the words. When he began again, his voice was filled with passion. 
“Imagine walking through the forest and finding cascading waterfalls, secret glades, green shaded arbors and grottos as sad quiet music plays across the moonlit meadows. As you continue to wander, you come across unexpected, beautiful statues, enchanted thickets, and sparkling fountains that seem to spring randomly from otherwise placid ponds. You can hardly see the houses as they meld to become part of the landscape, and in the center of all of this you find a keep of translucent quartz that changes colors with the seasons.” 
The elf trailed off at the last of this, his voice catching, a hint of moisture in his eyes.
“It sounds beautiful, Glolindir,” Lloyd replied, obviously stirred by the elf's ardent description of his home. “If I may ask, why did you leave?”
Glo paused for a moment, not sure just how to answer that question. It was a complicated situation. His people were a stubborn lot, and they didn’t care much for the other races, but he did not want to tell his new friends that. They had just reached a curve in the road, and Glo used that excuse to concentrate on the horses for a few moments. Once they had made it around the bend, he responded to Lloyd. 
“Let’s just say I had a difference of opinion with my father. Had I stayed at home, I would never be able to use magic like I do now.”
A look of sympathy washed across the young warrior’s face. “I think I understand. If I had stayed in Penwick, there wouldn’t have been anything near the fun we just had.”
“You’ve got a strange idea of fun there, Lloyd,” Seth commented from his perch next to Glo.
Lloyd broke out into a grin. “Yes, maybe I do. But you have to understand, I am a martial adept of the sword. We live for battle.”
Aksel, seated just beyond Seth, noted wryly, “I think the keyword there is live. That doesn’t always go well with battle.”
Lloyd threw back his head and laughed. “Very true, master cleric; my sister would often say the same thing.”
They rode on silently for a while after that. Lloyd took a few minutes to scan their surroundings and make sure that there was no sign of trouble along their path. The road remained quiet as the caravan slowly continued its way through the sloping grasslands toward their final destination, the seaport town of Ravenford. The young warrior, obviously satisfied that nothing was amiss, turned back toward them. “So what about you, friend cleric? What is your home like?”
Aksel seemed a bit surprised at first by the question. “Caprizon? Well it’s certainly not alive like some folks’ homes.” He paused and cast a sidelong glance at Glo.
“We can’t all live in style,” Glo responded dryly, winking at his gnomish friend.
“Touché,” Aksel acknowledged, a smile briefly crossing his lips. “Anyway, it is a bit different, I guess. There’s a tall ravine where the Stilwyndle River empties into the Sea of Riazel. Caprizon is built into the cliff-sides of the canyon.”
“That’s mighty interesting,” Lloyd nodded, but his expression was puzzled. “So then, just how do you get around?”
“Oh, there are a lot of ladders. And there are tons of cable cars, both up the sides of the cliffs, as well as crossing the river canyon.”
“That sounds like fun!” the young man declared. His horse seemed to agree as well, choosing that very moment to whinny spiritedly.
“It can be,” Aksel agreed, his tone lightening considerably. He paused a moment then added, “I have to admit, when I left, it took some getting used to, living on flat land the way most of you do.”
“That’s because the rest of us are normal,” Seth noted dryly.
“Really?” Aksel swiveled his head toward their halfling companion. “Then why don’t you tell him about the great city of Ilos?”
“Because there’s not much to tell,” Seth retorted, his face taking on a dark expression.
“Ilos?” Lloyd asked interrupting the duo. “Isn’t that way up north?”
“Yeah,” Seth replied, casting Aksel a dirty look. “It’s pretty much a run of the mill city. Not part of the forest and not hanging at all crazy angles on the sides of a cliff.”
“Except that it’s all made of stone,” Glo noted casually as he checked the road ahead of them. 
“The whole city?” Lloyd asked in clear disbelief.
“Pretty much,” Seth replied. He seemed quite uncomfortable talking about his hometown. Glo had noticed this since he first met Seth a month or so ago.
“Why?” Lloyd asked, clearly perplexed with the choice of Ilosian architecture.
“Let’s just say they got tired of rebuilding it every time it got burnt down.”
“Invaders?” Lloyd asked, his voice taking on a slight edge.
“Parthians,” Seth almost spat the word.
“Parthians,” Lloyd repeated vehemently, his grip tightening on his reins, and his face clearly mirroring the anger in his voice. “They did the same thing to Penwick during the Second Parthian War.”
“They burned the whole city?” Seth asked quietly. There was an uncharacteristic trace of sympathy in his voice.
“More than half of it,” Lloyd said, his face now turning red with anger. “Once the Parthians were defeated, the town was rebuilt; but then came the Golem Thrall Master and his stone armies. Again Penwick was overrun, and a large section of the city was burnt to the ground.” 
As if to emphasize his words, a strange reddish glow flared up behind them, casting long crimson shadows on the road ahead. Glo and Lloyd both turned in their seats, and Aksel and Seth stood up to look over the top of the covered wagon. 
The sun had almost set behind the Korlokesels, with only the top of the disc still visible, and that had turned a flaming red. The rays fanned out and lit up the clouds above, causing the entire western sky to appear on fire. The timing was eerie, as if the sun god Arenor himself was acknowledging the tragedy that had befallen the city of Penwick. 
As Glo turned forward, he tried to imagine what he would do if his home had been burnt down. It was a very real threat when one lived in the forest as the elves did. Thankfully, the trees were enchanted with spells to resist burning. Magic could only do so much though. Not knowing what else to say, Glo spoke with as much sympathy as he could muster. 
“Your people must have been devastated.”
Lloyd had still been staring at the sunset, his face awed by the raw display of nature. Now when he turned back to look at Glo, there was a grin across the brash young face. 
“We’re a resilient people.” It was good to see him smile, but then, just as abruptly the young warrior’s expression darkened. “The worst of it was when the Pirate Warlord Eboneye raided us. That was only twenty years ago.” 
The young man paused for a moment, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. Glo glanced at Seth and Aksel, wondering if they knew anything about this Eboneye, but the two of them just shrugged their shoulders. Glo turned back to Lloyd just as he began to speak. 
As he continued his story, he spoke slowly, his voice thick with emotion. 
“Once the other invaders occupied the city, the killing and destruction stopped--but not with Eboneye. His men were bent on looting and pillaging. They didn’t care who they killed or what they destroyed. The people had no choice but to fight back or die. So even though the army had been routed, a resistance was formed, and a slow, pitched battle began against the pirate’s forces. They had to win back the city street by street, and it took them months.” 
Lloyd paused, his face now ashen. “Most of Penwick was leveled…but worse than that, nearly half the population died. Many from the fighting, but the rest from disease of all things. See, the temple had been raised, and many of the clerics killed. The few that were left were too busy healing the resistance fighters, and the regular folks had nowhere else to turn. When it was all over, there were so many corpses that they could not all be buried. The bodies had to be burnt to avoid spreading disease to the living.” 
Lloyd was so upset that his voice cracked on those last few words. He turned his head away from the others, his fists clenched tightly on the reins of his horse. Glo looked from Seth to Aksel and saw the horror mirrored in their eyes. He felt he should say something to Lloyd, some words of understanding for the anguish the young man must feel. But the words would not come. 
The enormity of it washed over Glo like a wave crashing over the shoreline. The rampant destruction, thousands dead, and worse, not being able to bury them but having to burn them--it was just too overwhelming. He glanced over at Aksel, but the little cleric’s face had gone ashen. Seth’s expression had turned extremely bitter. Glo had never seen the halfling like that before, and something about it unnerved him. 
Seth glanced up and caught Glo looking at him, then turned his head down, hiding his face. Glo looked back toward Lloyd, but the young man was still turned away and clenching his horse’s reins tightly. 
The sun had finally set behind them and darkness was overtaking the countryside. Seth stood up and lit the lamp that hung off an iron hook that was welded onto the upper frame of the wagon. Once lit, the lantern illuminated the road in front of them. 
Glo glanced over at Lloyd. The young man was no longer clenching his reins, but he rode along facing forward, seemingly lost in his thoughts. Realizing there was nothing he could possibly say to alleviate his friend's anguish, Glo decided instead to change the subject. 
“So…what is Penwick like today?” he asked softly.
Lloyd turned to look at him, his face blank at first. 
“Today?" he replied quietly. "It has been mostly rebuilt.” 
Lloyd's eyes took on a faraway look as he began describing today’s city of Penwick: the tall buildings, the great bridges, the public gardens, and the large temple dedicated to the god Arenor. As he spoke, his former anguish slowly dissipated, and he became more and more animated. “…and there are sections of the city that rival the great capital of Lymeridia in beauty and majesty.”
“It sounds wonderful, Lloyd,” Aksel’s voice clearly reflecting how inspired he was.
“It is,” the young man nodded enthusiastically. “The Barony of Penwick stands strong and proud these days; its influence reaches as far north as the city of Lukescros and as far south as the town of Haggentree. And at sea, the Penwick navy is unmatched along the coast. Our ships patrol from Colossus Point to Southpoint and are avoided and feared by even the vessels of the ‘great’ city of Dunwynn.”
Lloyd now sat straight in his saddle, all traces of grief gone. Glo was extremely glad to see the young man back to his normal self. He was also quite impressed with the fighting spirit of the people of Penwick. To have fought back against impossible odds the way they did and rebuilt their city with such grandeur was no small feat. No, these Penwick folks were a force to be reckoned with. 
Glo glanced over at Aksel and saw the same admiration mirrored in the gnome’s eyes. When he looked toward Seth, he noted the dark look was gone. It had instead been replaced by the halfling’s usual smirk. 
“That’s quite a tale,” Seth broke the silence that had fallen over the group. “I’d wager that if you had been around twenty years ago, this Eboneye would have been dead before he set foot in Penwick.” 
Lloyd twisted around in his saddle, grinning broadly at the remark. The smile on the young handsome face was infectious, causing all the companions to smile in return. 
“Don’t worry, that scoundrel got exactly what was coming to him. The Lord Kratos Stealle saw to that. Of course, he wasn’t a Lord back then, but still, he was great with a blade…being a spiritblade like myself. He was First Blade in the resistance, leading them as they slew the pirates, almost to the last man. Eboneye tried to escape, but Kratos followed him to his ship, and defeated him after a great battle. The ship went down in the harbor, and the evil pirate was never seen again.”
 “This Lord Stealle sounds like quite a hero,” Aksel said, clearly moved by the bravery of the man.
“Yes,” Lloyd replied, clearing his throat uncomfortably. “He’s actually Admiral of the Penwick Navy these days.”
Glo pulled the reins as they came to another curve in the road. As they went around the bend he said, "With someone like that around, I doubt Penwick has much to fear from anyone.”
“Amen to that!” Lloyd agreed enthusiastically.
The four of them rode on, the conversation turning to lighter topics. The night had turned pitch dark, the moon not quite up yet. Lloyd felt obligated to move up to a position in front of the caravan and scout the area ahead. He bid a reluctant adieu to the trio, and spurred his horse onward, disappearing into the dark. As it turned out, the rest of their journey was uneventful. A couple of hours later, the wagon train finally reached its destination, the seaport town of Ravenford.

By the time the group of wagons reached the town, it was late in the evening. They had first seen signs of civilization along the road as the occasional farm would crop up, the lights of these isolated farm houses peeking through the darkness between the trees that lined the roadway at various intervals. As they continued moving eastward, the farms appeared more frequently. Finally, they entered what was obviously a tended orchard of apple trees. 
When the caravan exited the apple grove, the travelers caught their first view of Ravenford. The foliage on both sides of them dissipated, and the town lay sprawled out before them. The houses were lit up and twinkling. Up to their left on a hilltop stood a castle. The keep’s numerous windows were ablaze and lighting up the citadel. The walls around the castle were lined with torches, and they could see an occasional patrol of guards along the parapets.
The town itself spread away from them down to the Raven River and then sprang up again on the other side of that waterway. A couple of well-lit stone bridges spanned the river. There were also a few docks jutting out into the water from the opposite shore. The frames of various size vessels, some of them quite large, stood moored next to the dock area, their silhouettes casting dark shadows on the buildings of the bank behind them. The rest of the town continued south of the river. House lights stretched on for some distance. Farther back, a hill rose up, crowned with what looked to be a church or temple.
A small guardhouse stood along the road just outside of town. The guards briefly stopped the wagoneers, but on recognizing them, they immediately let the caravan through. Glo did note a raised eyebrow or two from the guards as their wagon passed. 
Once they were out of earshot of the guardhouse, Seth turned to his friends and smirked. “These people need to get out more. You think they’d never seen an elf, a gnome, or a halfling before.”
The caravan stopped in front of a group of buildings just below the hill on which sat the town keep. There were a number of signs out front that read “Fine Food & Drink”, “Mason”, “Leather Goods”, and “Wine and Ale”. Since it was late in the evening, most of the buildings had closed signs on them. The food store was still lit up, and as they pulled up, an older gentleman came out to greet them. 
Glo did a quick double take. The man had elvish features. Pointed ears in particular. The face was definitely fuller, like a human’s. He realized that he was looking at a half-elf, which is a crossbreed between the two races. Glo was surprised to find a half-elf out here on the east coast. There weren’t supposed to be any elves at all here. Additionally, elven/human marriages were quite rare. 
Elves were quite long-lived; their lives measured in centuries instead of decades. The differences in lifespan alone made such unions difficult with one mate typically living on centuries after the other passed. Also, their offspring while long-lived by human standards were quite short-lived by elven ones. Thus, an elven mother or father would see their children pass on well before their time. These circumstances made cross-race marriages intolerable for most elves. Glo could not imagine falling in love with someone only to watch them waste away in a few decades. 
As all this went through Glo’s mind, the caravan owner disembarked to meet with the half-elven store owner. They had a rather excited conversation. Glo’s keen hearing picked up most of it. 
The half-elf, whose name appeared to be Pheldman, was elated to see them. It seemed that they were the first caravan to make it through from central Thac in months. The others had disappeared without a trace. The wagoneer quickly related the story of the orc attack on the caravan and how they had been saved by their passengers who turned out to be warriors and casters. Pheldman was excited to hear all of this news. 
As the caravan owner was relating the details to him, another figure walked out from the store. It was a middle-aged woman who also appeared to have some elven features, though they were not as pronounced as Pheldman’s. The woman turned out to be the store owner’s daughter. 
Glo, Seth, and Aksel had all disembarked and just finished retrieving their belongings from the wagon. Lloyd had hitched his horse to a rail in front of the store, dismounted, and was now standing with the three of them when the caravan and shop owners came up to greet them. 
“These are the folks that saved the wagon train…” the owner began. 
“An elf!” Pheldman cried, seeing Glo. He looked around and added, “…and a gnome and a halfling. What an odd trio!” 
“Father!” the shop owner’s daughter cried. “Where are your manners?”
“Oh. Yes, daughter. You are quite right. My apologies, gentlemen. Thank you very much for saving the caravan and our goods.”
“We are glad to have been of service,” Aksel said sincerely. “I’m just sorry we couldn’t save those poor guards.”
“Yes,” the caravan owner replied, his voice heavy with sadness. “They were both good men and far too young to pass on. But please accept these tokens of our appreciation.” The caravan owner took out his purse and then paid Lloyd his promised fee but also refunded Glo, Seth, and Aksel their passage fare.
“Thank you. That was very kind,” Aksel said as he accepted their returned coins. “But now I think it best if we be off. We need to find accommodations for the night.”
“Please,” Pheldman said, “go down to the Dying Minotaur. My good friend, Telpin, owns the place. Tell him that Pheldman sent you. He will set you up nice and comfortable.”
“Thank you, my friend,” Glo replied, bowing gracefully. Then he said in formal elvish, “Aa' lasser en lle coia orn n' omenta gurtha”, which meant May the leaves of your life tree never turn brown.
The old half-elf’s eyes welled up with tears. “Why, I haven’t heard elvish since my mother left us many years ago.” Then the old man straightened to his full height and replied, in somewhat stilted elvish, “Aa' menle nauva calen ar' ta hwesta e' ale'quenle”. It was a well-known elven farewell. May thy paths be green and the breeze on thy back.
Glo smiled warmly at the old merchant. He had turned out to be quite a decent little fellow. Pheldman gave them directions to the Dying Minotaur. The inn was only a short walk away, a few blocks over from their current location in town. 
“They even have a stable”, the half-elf added, noting where Lloyd could house his horse overnight. Lloyd grabbed his horse’s reins as the companions thanked the merchant and bid him farewell. The four of them then walked down the dimly lit street together.

The foursome walked along the dark and quiet side streets of the little town, Lloyd told them what he knew of Ravenford. It was a small quiet village with no more than three hundred residents in and around the town. The primary occupations of the townsfolk were fishing and farming. Being the only seaport between the cities of Dunwynn to the north and Penwick to the south, it was thus a typical stop along the way for any ships passing up the coast. 
The village and surrounding territory was ruled by a hereditary Barony that for some reason never seemed to last more than a generation or so. The current Baron, Gryswold, was the fourth son of the previous Baron of Penwick. He fought to win his own lands and titles and was a warrior of some renown in his younger days. Gryswold was awarded the titles to the Town of Ravenford when he slew the Dragon Ullarak who had slain the previous Baron. Gryswold’ wife, Gracelynn, was the only sibling of the current Duke of Dunwynn, who had yet to produce an heir. These circumstances made Gracelynn and Gryswold’ daughter, Andrella, the object of every noble suitor in the surrounding area. 
“I was wondering how you knew all this,” Seth commented when Lloyd was done, “until you mentioned that Gryswold was from Penwick.”
Lloyd smiled down at his diminutive friend. “I guess it’s no secret that I am interested in all things that involve Penwick.”
“But I am surprised,” Glo added, “that you have an interest in politics. This business with the Baron’s daughter…Andrella, was it…does not seem like something that would concern you.”
Lloyd grinned sheepishly, his hand going to back of his neck. “Well, it’s not that I’m interested in her in that way. It’s just that I understand what it is like when things are expected of you just because of who your family is.” 
Thoughts of his father came unbidden to Glo, and he briefly relived one of Amrod’s many lectures on “the proper way for an elf from the house of Eodin to behave in public”. Glo had not believed that he had to act like some pompous fool just because his family was one of the oldest and well known in Cairthrellon. It was notions like that that had led to his leaving home in the first place. 
Glo realized they had been walking along in silence since Lloyd finished talking. He glanced over at the others and saw that each one seemed lost in thought just like he had been. Seth in particular had that familiar dark look on his face. 
Then Lloyd audibly sighed. Glo felt a growing kinship with this big human. He obviously had parental troubles of his own. Perhaps that was part of the reason he had left Penwick. Glo reached out and placed a hand on the young man’s broad shoulders. 
“Trust me,” he said softly, “I understand.”

When the group finally made it to the Dying Minotaur, they were impressed. It was a fairly large building, two stories tall, with walls made from white painted stone and a red shingled roof. A covered porch wrapped around the front of the building with a few chairs and benches on it. There was also a large sign out front with the name of the establishment and a picture of a Minotaur head painted on it. 
There were a couple of old-timers sitting out on the porch at this late hour, grabbing a late night smoke. They nodded to the foursome as they approached the inn. Lloyd tied his horse to a hitching rail, and then the four travelers climbed up the two steps to the porch, walked across, and entered through the double doors into the inn.
The companions paused as they entered the Dying Minotaur and took in their surroundings. They were in the common room, which was large and rectangular. A number of round tables each with a set of chairs stood in the center of the room. Even at this late hour, there were a few patrons sitting at the tables, most of them with a glass of ale but some with trays of half-finished food. There were also a number of booths along the front wall, mainly vacant. 
Along the left wall were a few more booths, and a stone hearth filled a large space in the very center. It was lit at the moment, and the fire looked inviting. The right wall was mostly taken up by a long bar with a Minotaur’s head above it, which was appropriate considering the tavern’s name. Again, there were a few patrons at the bar. Behind the bar stood a hefty man wearing an apron. He had short dark hair and a moustache. Two barmaids were carrying trays and making the circuit from the kitchen to the customers.
Across the room was a half oval stage, raised up about three feet off the floor with a pair of stairs leading up to it on either side. On that stage stood a lavishly dressed gentleman who held a lute in one hand, singing a lively tune about the Duke of Dunwynn. The Duke had caused a mess by introducing hippogriffs to the eastern seaport town of Karajon. The magical beasts, a strange crossbreed between an eagle, a lion, and a horse, were raining down their excrements from the sky, inundating the poor town. The patrons of the inn all roared with laughter as the bard continued describing the town’s predicament and how the rulers of Karajon were woefully inept in trying to handle the “crisis”. 
After taking it all in, the foursome went to the bar. Some of the customers stared as they passed by but then smiled and nodded at the strange little group. 
“What can I get you gents at this late hour?” the bartender asked.
Aksel spoke for the group. “We’d like some rooms. We were told by Mr. Pheldman that Telpin could help us.”
“Pheldman sent you, huh? No problem.” He turned to a barmaid who was just coming out of the kitchen. “Hey, Kailay! Can you tell Telpin that we have some guests that want to see him?”
Kailay was a young woman, with long, curly, strawberry blonde hair, and a buxom figure, which her outfit accentuated quite effectively. She turned toward them, looking them over. Surprise registered briefly on her face as she took in the newcomers. Her gaze lingered an extra moment or two on Lloyd. 
“Sure,” she said after a long pause, “I’ll go get him.” 
Kailay slowly walked by the companions toward the other end of the bar. As she passed by, she flashed a devastating smile at the big warrior. Lloyd smiled back shyly, and his face turned almost as red as his outfit. 
As the flirtatious young girl reached the doorway at the other end of the bar, she looked back over her shoulder at Lloyd and said, “Now don’t you go anywhere.” Then she pushed her way through the door and was gone.
“I think she likes you,” the bartender said to Lloyd and then began to laugh. The young man just continued to blush. 
The four of them waited at the bar until Kailay returned followed by a short, fat, balding gentlemen. The young girl smiled at Lloyd one more time and said, “Let me know if there is anything I can get you.” 
The young man stammered, “S-sure thing.”
Kailay smiled sweetly then disappeared back into the kitchen.
“So what can I do for you folks?” Telpin asked.
Once again Aksel spoke for them. “We’d like some rooms. Pheldman told us to come here and ask for you.”
“Ah, Pheldman,” the innkeeper replied boisterously. “My good friend. Yes, yes, of course. I can take care of you. Follow me.” 
Telpin led the travelers back through the door at the other end of the bar. They passed the stage as they went and nodded to the bard as he continued to sing. The innkeeper led them down a hallway with a number of doors on the right and windows on the left. At the end, the hall turned right and continued past another door and a stairwell until it reached a doorway at the end labeled “Office”. 
Telpin ushered them into the small room, most of which was taken up by a large desk and a few scattered chairs. The desktop was so covered with stacks of papers that they could hardly see the wood underneath. Telpin opened a drawer in the desk and rummaged around, finally pulling out two keys. 
He held them up and said, “These are for rooms 6 and 10. Those are the best rooms I have. Both on the second floor, with lots of space, and two beds each. You should be very comfortable.” His voice dropped low, “And I’ll rent them to you for two-thirds the price. That’s only 18 silver pieces per room, mind you.”
“I also have my horse out front,” Lloyd added. “Mr. Pheldman said you have a stable where I can keep him overnight?”
“Yes, yes,” Telpin responded with a wave of his hands, “that’s right. We have a stable. It’ll only cost an extra 4 silver pieces for your horse. Just bring him around back, and my stable boy will take good care of him.”
Aksel nodded his appreciation. “Done,” he said and pulled a purse from under his robe, took out some coins, and handed them over to the innkeeper.
They heard a loud growling sound. Everyone turned and saw Lloyd holding his stomach. 
“Sorry,” the young man said. “Is the kitchen still open?”
“Sure, sure,” Telpin replied. “After we settle you in your rooms, come on down, and I’ll have Kailay and Morwen get you gents something,” he said with a wink. 
They exited the office and followed the innkeeper upstairs to their rooms. The first room was right at the top of the stairs. Aksel and Seth decided to bunk together in this one. Then Telpin turned around and opened a door just across the hall, ushering Glo and Lloyd inside.
“Hope you enjoy the accommodations,” he said brightly, handing them the key. Then he walked away and headed back downstairs.
The rooms were large and quite comfortable as Telpin had promised. The beds looked overly large to the halfling and the gnome but were just long enough for the tall Glo and Lloyd. 
Once the travelers had unpacked and settled in, they met in the common room for a late dinner. Kailay served them and was more than happy to fuss over them, especially Lloyd. The four companions found they were all starving after a long hard day and dug in with relish. There was a hearty vegetable soup, whole chickens, corn, muffins, and ale and cider to wash all it down. 
As they ate, Lloyd said to Glo, “I thought elves didn’t eat meat.”
Glo smiled between bites. “That’s a myth. I think people came up with that story because my people are so respectful of the forests and the land. But they forget that Elves are hunters as well as farmers. Trust me, when an elven party takes down game, we all share in the feast.”
“And everyone knows us halflings will eat anything put in front of us!” Seth tore off a second chicken leg and waved it around outrageously.
“Sorry,” Lloyd said a look of chagrin on his young face. “I don’t know very much about other races. As I told you before, there aren’t very many down in the Penwick area, other than some dwarves, that is.”
“It’s fine, Lloyd,” Aksel said, coming to the young man’s defense. “Pay no attention to Seth. It’s just that in the short time we’ve been traveling, we’ve heard a lot of fallacies about our individual races. Sometimes it’s rather humorous, and sometimes it’s not.”
Lloyd’s expression became very serious. “Well, I meant no disrespect. Personally, I think that all people are equal and should be treated that way.” 
Glo looked at Lloyd with newfound respect. This human was a jewel among the others. Not many shared his view on the different races. He had found that out in their travels. There was tolerance between most humans and the other races, but their cultures and perspectives were so different that true understanding was difficult at best. Yet he believed that Lloyd meant what he said and would stand by those words. 
Glo stood up and raised his glass of ale saying, “A toast, then, to new friends. May our friendship be the beginning of a new understanding between the races.” 
Seth, Aksel, and Lloyd all stood and raised their glasses, clinking them together. “To new friends!” The four of them took a deep draft from their mugs.
“Well, that’s what I like to see,” Kailay said as she walked up to the table. She had just come from the kitchen and had a steaming hot pie in each hand. “Good friends enjoying a good meal.” She placed the pies on the table, one at a time. “The fruits in these are from our own orchards just outside of town; this one’s apple, and this one’s cherry,” she finished, pointing first at the pie on the left then on the right. She winked at them and flashed Lloyd a big smile. The young man blushed all over again. 
As the young woman slowly walked back to the kitchen, Glo observed Lloyd’s discomfort curiously. It was hard to believe that this was the same human who was so aggressive on the battlefield.
He turned his attention back to the table just in time to see a knife magically appear in Seth’s hand. The halfling’s blade flickered over the pies, challenging the eye to keep up. When he was done, they were both cut into four large slices. Seth helped himself to a quarter of the apple pie.
The four of them dug in, finishing both pies. When their appetites were finally sated, the companions sat back. Exhaustion hit them from their long day spent traveling and battling orcs. They all stood up together, thanked Kailay, giving her a generous tip to split with Morwen, and then headed upstairs to their rooms. The four adventurers bid each other good night and agreed to meet again in the common room first thing in the morning. 
Lloyd stripped off his boots and armor. He lay in bed and was asleep almost immediately. 
Glo sat motionless on his bed for a while, the events of the day still replaying through his head. It had been fraught with danger, and he had frozen when that giant orc attacked. But, all in all, they had come through it okay. Perhaps his father was wrong after all. This was quite a group of friends he had made in the short time since he had left Cairthrellon. Together, their various skills had made a difference today. They saved many lives from certain death. He felt very lucky to have met them. They had started something important here, and he was determined to see it through with them. 
He liked these three fellows: Seth with his cynical view of the world, Aksel with his desire to save lives, and now Lloyd with his belief that all people were equal. They were quite a trio. He was certain his mother would like them. His father, of course, would not approve of any of them, but that was his loss, Glo told himself. Elves could be friends with the other races, no matter what Amrod said. 
Glo looked over at his sleeping companion and smiled. How marvelous this process of sleep. He had read about it, but elves did not need sleep like the other races. He knew that some of his race would point to this as a human weakness, but Glo found it a fascinating concept. In his mind, the differences between the races only made them stronger when they combined their talents, as evidenced by their victory today. 
With that final thought, the young elf closed his eyes and fell into a restful trance.

Into the Dead Forest
Human and halfling disappeared into the woods, shadow-silent.
The next morning, Glo, Seth, Aksel, and Lloyd met in the common room as planned. As they were having breakfast, they noticed a number of folks coming in and out of the tavern smiling and nodding at them. One or two even called, “Nice job!”
“I wonder what that’s all about?” Lloyd said to the others.
“Word of your exploits has gotten around town,” Kailay told them as she came up with a pitcher of juice and refilled their glasses.
“Already?” Glo cried in disbelief. Could the news of their little adventure really have spread that fast?
“It’s a small town,” the barmaid smiled at the tall elf. “Gossip travels quickly.”
“What are they saying?” Aksel asked her curiously.
“Not much,” the waitress said coyly, smiling at Lloyd. “Just that you four took down about fifty orc bandits and a giant that attacked the caravan from Tarrsmorr.”
“A giant, huh?” Seth smirked. “Are you sure it was only one? I seem to recall two…or three.”
“Everyone looks like a giant to you,” Glo noted.
Seth turned to look at him and, without missing a beat, said, “Well, at least my trigger finger didn’t freeze up.”
Glo gave the halfling an acid look.
“Okay, okay, that’s enough you two,” Aksel told them, staring first at one then the other. When neither replied, he turned back to Kailay. “It was more like twenty, and one was really huge. We were just happy to be able to help.”
Kailay put down the pitcher and put her hands to her hips. “I don’t care if there were giants or not. You four are heroes, and the whole town is talking about it,” she said emphatically. “Now…is there anything else I can get you?” she said, looking at the four, her eyes lingering a bit longer on the handsome warrior.
“No, thank you,” they all responded more or less at once.
“Okay,” Kailay replied and turned to go. “If you need me, I’ll be in the kitchen,” she called over her shoulder as she slowly walked away, again flashing Lloyd one of her delightful smiles.
“Sounds like we have a reputation already,” Seth noted dryly.
Aksel nodded. “I say we take advantage of it. Seth, why don’t you poke around and see where the jobs are handed out in this town. I didn’t notice a board anywhere in this inn.”
Lloyd pushed back from the table, stretched, and let out a big yawn. Then he patted his stomach, full of pancakes, eggs, and potatoes. “While he’s doing that, I need to get in my morning exercise.” 
Glo had some errands to run as well. In particular, he needed some ingredients for his spells. Aside from a caster’s will, spells required two or three physical triggers to manifest them. The first trigger was the arm and hand motions, the second the spoken word, and the third was a symbol that represented the spell effect in the physical world. For instance, the sleep spell he had used the previous day required a fine pinch of sand as part of the trigger. 
“And I need to buy some more spell ingredients,” he said aloud. “I could see if anyone knows of anything down in the shops.”
Aksel nodded his head. “Sounds like a plan. I am going to go check out that temple we saw up on the hill across town. I suggest we meet back here for lunch.” Everyone agreed. 
They all got up from the table, left a nice tip for Kailay, and went their separate ways for the morning.

Around noontime, the small company met back at the Dying Minotaur for lunch. Lloyd had worked up a healthy appetite after a fierce workout in the clearing behind the inn. The young man had an audience as both Kailay and Morwen took turns watching him sweat. Kailay even brought him a towel at the end of his routine. 
Meanwhile, Aksel investigated the temple and met with the town Abbot, one Qualtan Berric. The Abbot had already heard of their exploits and alluded to the fact that he was good friends with both the Baron and the Baroness. He said he could introduce them if the occasion arose. He also gave the little cleric a small alcove in the temple where he could light some candles and set up a shrine to his gnomish god, Aurl Berlglowr. The remainder of Aksel’s morning was spent doing just that. 
Seth checked out the two other taverns in town. Falco’s was down by the docks, and the Tavern of the West Wind was about a block over from the Dying Minotaur. Neither inn had job boards but he talked to a few folks and discovered that any trouble in the area was usually brought before the Baron. This was typically done during town meetings that were held up at the keep. 
The meetings were open to the general populace and were held every few days. If one went up to the castle, there was a board up there which listed the schedule for the next meeting. Seth was also told that most domestic problems were handled by the town guard. 
Rumor had it that there had been strange things happening in the area these last couple of months. This included some kind of trouble at the farms north of town and strange sounds and tracks in the woods west of town, not to mention the disappearing caravans from the west. 
Glo went to Pheldman’s shop to pick up some spell components. The half-elf’s grandson was studying magic, so Pheldman had a small area where he kept such things in the back of his shop. Pheldman also mentioned the town meetings. So when Glo was done shopping, he went up to the castle to check the schedule. As it turned out, there wouldn’t be another meeting for three days.
“What do we do for now?” Seth asked impatiently.
Aksel was just about to reply when the tavern doors swung open. The room quieted down, and everyone turned to stare with expressions of awe on their faces. 
“What’s going on?” Glo asked, his back to the door. He turned around to see what had made everyone stop what they were doing. 
In the doorway stood a man garbed with deep purple robes. He had short-cropped hair and a thin beard under a determined chin. Both were dark colored but with vague hints of grey. There was an air of power about the man that practically screamed the word “mage”. His eyes sharply scanned the room then abruptly stopped when they found Glo and his companions. The mage paused, mentally evaluating their little group and then began walking over to them. 
Glo whispered to the others, “That must be Maltar. Pheldman told me about him. He’s the local town wizard.” 
“An elf, halfling, gnome, and human,” the mage said as he reached their table. “You must be the band that rescued the caravan yesterday.” The mage had caught them by surprise. Aksel was the first to recover. 
“Indeed we are. And who might you be?”
The man’s face registered surprise for a moment. “You are not from around here. I am the Wizard Maltar. And I need some work done immediately.” 
If nothing else, this Maltar was to the point, Glo noted silently. 
“And what can we do for you?” Aksel asked, obviously intrigued.
Maltar briefly gazed around the room. Everyone was staring at the meeting that was taking place in front of them. As the mage glared at them, the people turned away and began talking among themselves. Satisfied that any onlookers were warned off, Maltar leaned in closer and began his story. 
“There is a scroll of moderate importance that I would like retrieved. My sources tell me that it has come to reside in the former keep at Stone Hill, a few leagues west of here. I do not have the time to fetch it myself, thus the need for hired help such as yourselves. While I do not necessarily expect you to find the scroll, at the very least I need a good map of the keep. I will pay 500 gold for you to scout out the area and provide me with such a map.” The mage paused a moment then added, “However, if you are actually able to find the scroll and return it to me in pristine condition, I will reward you with 5,000 gold.” 
Glo raised an eyebrow. 5,000 gold! That was a huge amount of money. He glanced at his companions and saw a glint in Seth’s eye. Aksel’s hand went to his chin, but he was otherwise silent. Lloyd mouthed a silent, Wow!
“So what say you?” Maltar prodded impatiently.
Aksel looked around the table. Everyone nodded their agreement. “Done,” he told the mage.
“Very good. When you have the map, or the scroll, bring it to me at my house. It is right down the road just east of here.” And with that, Maltar stood up straight, turned, and left the tavern.
“Agreeable fellow there,” Seth noted dryly.
“Agreeable or not, it is 500 gold and our first real job,” Aksel pointed out.
“5,000 if we find that scroll,” Glo added.
“I’m up for it” Lloyd declared. He stretched his large frame and flexed his arms to emphasize the point.
“Yes, so am I,” Seth agreed, “I was just pointing out…oh, whatever.” The halfling had an exasperated look on his face. 
“Well, then,” Aksel ignored Seth’s discomfort, “if we’re all agreed, then I think we’ll need a few more hands to pull this off. We’ll definitely need someone who knows the area and can lead us through the wild to this Stone Hill. And it wouldn’t hurt to have a second warrior with us. No offense Lloyd, but good as you are, you are only one man.”
“None taken,” Lloyd responded evenly, “as long as there are enough monsters to go around.” They all turned to look at the young man, uncertain if he was serious. Lloyd was smiling broadly.
Glo chuckled. “Seth, I think you’re beginning to rub off on him.”
The halfling smirked. “What can I say? I just have that effect on people.”
“Okay,” Aksel said drawing the conversation back to the matter at hand, “we’ll need provisions and horses. Actually, riding dogs for you and me, Seth. You and Lloyd go see to that. Meanwhile, Glo and I will search around for a guide and another warrior.”
“Sure,” Seth replied offhandedly. He pushed back his chair and said, "Come on, big guy." The unlikely duo left the tavern together. 
Aksel and Glo were about to get up as well when Kailay walked over to them. “Did I just see the Wizard Maltar at your table?” she asked in a hushed voice.
“Yes,” Glo responded to the young barmaid in kind. “Why do you ask?”
She bent forward and whispered conspiratorially, “We never see him in here. He mostly hides in his house. Occasionally he’ll head up to the castle, but that’s rare. Usually only if the Baron calls for him.” 
The young barmaid took a quick look around them and then continued, “You see, the Baron and Maltar used to be friends. They were adventurers together before they settled here a few years back. They must have had some kind of falling out. Maltar used to have a tower in the keep, but he moved into his own house a couple of years ago. He and Baron Gryswold almost never talk anymore.”
“Interesting,” Aksel noted nodded his head toward Glo.
“Indeed,” Glo agreed nodding back toward his friend. He smiled at the young woman and said, “Thank you, Kailay.”
“You are most welcome,” she smiled back, displaying her pearly whites and two distinct dimples on either side of her pert lips.
As he admired her dulcet features, a sudden thought crossed Glo’s mind. “By the way, you wouldn’t by chance know if there are any other adventurers in town?”
 Kailay looked quizzically at him for a moment. “Are you looking for anything in particular?”
Glo grinned. The girl was indeed smart. “A guide,” he told her specifically.
Kailay pursed her lips as she thought about it for a moment. Then she bent closer and nodded her head toward the booths by the fireplace. “See those two men over there, the tall thin one with the dark hair and the big blonde one?” 
Glo and Aksel turned their head slightly and looked in the direction she was nodding. In a booth to the right of the hearth, there sat a dark haired man in a brown leather outfit and a broad man with flaxen hair wearing a green cloak. His chainmail-covered arms protruded from under the cloak as he raised his glass. 
“That is Brundon and Delgron,” Kailay continued softly. “Brundon is a local tracker. Knows the area real well. Delgron’s only been around a few months, but rumor has it he’s good with a sword. I’ve even seen him hanging around with the castle guards when they come here.”
“Thank you very much, Kailay.” Glo reached into his pocket and handed her some coins. 
Kailay smiled brightly at him and curtsied. “You’re very welcome.” She pocketed the coins then gathered up their dishes. As she walked back to the kitchen, she glanced back over her shoulder and flashed Glo a shy smile. 
The young woman was positively delightful. For the first time since he left Cairthrellon, Glo felt a stirring inside. 
He had not met many girls back home. Having been privately tutored, he had no classmates. The few young women he met were at social functions. Some of those girls were indeed rather pretty; however, they were only interested in superficial things. 
Kailay was different. She seemed to genuinely appreciate what Glo and his friends could do. He was beginning to understand how an elf could end up marrying a human. 
“Shall we then?” Aksel pushed back his chair. Glo looked back at his friend, wondering if he had any inkling of what he was thinking, but Aksel’s expression was unreadable.

Aksel and Glolindir walked over to where the two men Kailay pointed out were seated. The men were conversing quietly but stopped as the gnome and elf approached, turning to look at the pair. The dark haired man was tall and lean with a slim face, a hawk-like nose, and a thin beard and moustache. The other man was quite large, almost as big as Lloyd. He was a bit stockier with massive shoulders and chiseled features. 
The leaner man eyed them. The stocky blonde fellow, in stark contrast, greeted them with a wide grin. “Good day to you!”
“Good day to you,” Aksel replied cordially. “May we join you?”
“A gnome and an elf,” the leaner man said, still looking them over. “Don’t see that every day in these parts. Sure, have a seat.” The two men slid over to make room. 
“My name’s Brundon, and this here’s my friend Delgron,” the lean man said as Aksel and Glolindir sat down next to them. 
“I’m Aksel, and this is my friend Glolindir,” the little cleric replied plainly.
“A gnome and an elf,” Brundon repeated, trying to remember something. He snapped his fingers and looked at the two of them. “You wouldn’t be with that group that saved the caravan yesterday?”
Aksel nodded. “Yes, that was us; Glo and I and our two other companions.”
“That was some nice work,” Delgron nodded, clearly impressed with what he had heard. “Rumor has it that you’ve got a warrior with you who mowed down at least twenty orcs all by himself.”
“That might be just a bit exaggerated,” Aksel admitted to the two men.
“We kind of guessed that already,” Brundon replied, a thin smile spreading across his face. “Folks around here love to stretch their stories. It keeps them entertained.” He emphasized that last word, his voice taking on a mocking tone. 
“Either way,” Delgron continued, ignoring his companion’s cynical comments, “I’d love to meet this fellow you travel with.”
“Well, that could be arranged,” Aksel replied, grinning a bit.
He liked this big man. Delgron seemed genuine and straightforward. That is how Aksel tried to be with most people. He found the half-truths and deceptions that most people liked to engage in to be a waste of time. And with that in mind, he thought it best to get down to business. “See, the reason we sought you out is because we have another job, and we could use some help.” 
Delgron’s face brightened immediately. He was about to speak, but Brundon put out his hand to warn the big man to hold his tongue. Delgron stopped with his mouth open and looked at his companion with a hurt look on his face. He said nothing and just sat back and crossed his arms. 
“A job you say?” Brundon looked down at his fingertips and inspected his nails. “What does it entail?” The lean man continued inspecting his hand, totally uninterested in the proposition. 
Aksel did not believe for a second that this Brundon fellow was as disinterested as he seemed to be. It was probably some kind of negotiating ruse.
 “It is not a hard job,” Aksel continued slowly, trying to be as nonchalant as the lean man. “We merely need someone to lead us to Stone Hill.”
“Stone Hill, you say?” Brundon said offhandedly. He looked up this time, but his facial expression remained neutral. “Why would you possibly want to go out there?” 
Aksel cast a quick glance at Glolindir. Glo was sitting back and making a steeple with his fingers in front of his lips. He didn’t say a word, but Aksel caught the elf’s slight smile. So Glo wasn’t buying this whole disinterested ploy either. 
Aksel paused for a moment, considering just how much he wanted to tell this man. He decided that he really didn’t trust this Brundon fellow all that much. He finally decided to stick to a very basic story. “We were contracted to map out the old abandoned keep up there. So do you know the area?”
“I know it very well,” Brundon responded in a mildly offended tone. “You are looking at the best tracker this side of Dunwynn. I am familiar with all of the woods in this area. If there is a place you need to find or a trail you need followed, I’m your man,” he boasted. 
Maybe this “tracker” is as good as he says. Aksel did not like the man’s attitude. But they did need a guide, and Kailay had recommended him. 
Brundon leaned forward and lowered his voice. “But I must tell you that Stone Hill is not a safe place. It is surrounded by the Dead Forest, which, as you might guess by the name, is not a friendly place. There are wolf packs, and worse, in that wood. What’s more is travelers have seen lights in the old keep at night for the last few weeks.” He leaned back, folded his arms and added, “No telling what you’ll find up there.” 
Aksel glanced at Glolindir. This time Glo shrugged. Perhaps Brundon was exaggerating. Still, there might also be some truth to what he was saying. There was really no way to know for certain. Aksel decided that either way, he was tired of this back and forth. 
“Well, that may be, but we still have a job to do,” Aksel stated emphatically.
 “So…” Brundon leaned forward, “what would the pay be?”
“50 gold pieces for the both of you,” Aksel replied.
A smile slowly crept across Brundon’s face. He was about to say something when Aksel added, “Once we have safely returned from our journey.”
Brundon opened his mouth, but Delgron cut him off. The big man sat forward, put out his hand to Aksel, and said, “Done!”
Aksel turned to his right, delighted to deal with the straightforward Delgron instead of the irritating Brundon. He put out his diminutive hand, which has lost in the big man’s and the two shook. Brundon looked like he was still going to protest, but Aksel did not give him the chance. He stood up, Glolindir following his lead. 
“We leave within the hour,” he announced. “We will meet outside the inn.”
“We will be there,” Delgron replied solemnly.
Aksel smiled briefly then turned and strode away from the booth with Glo beside him. Behind them they could hear Brundon and Delgron arguing.
“I like the way you handled that,” Glo whispered to Aksel.
“Thanks,” he said. “I was beginning to lose my patience with that fellow.”
“If it was me,” Glo said softly, “I would have turned him into a toad.”
Aksel looked up at his friend, but the elf was smiling. “You know you can’t really do that.”
“Not just yet I can’t,” Glo grinned, “but I will someday.”
“Then folks like Brundon better watch out,” Aksel smiled in turn. 
Glolindir had an odd sense of humor. Aksel could not always tell when the elf was kidding, but he was slowly learning to read him. Either way, Glo was a good companion to have at his side. Besides his magical abilities, he was also someone Aksel felt he could trust. 
Trust was very important to Aksel. He lost his entire family over the last few years and felt all alone in the world. Even when they took him in at the church of Aurl Berlglowr, he had not felt entirely comfortable. Sure, the clerics there were nice, treating him like family, and training him to be a healer, but Aksel never really felt like he fit in. 
Since he had met Glo and Seth and now Lloyd, Aksel began to feel like he was part of something. That was not something he had experienced in a long time, and it felt good. 
The two companions walked out of the common room together. As they climbed upstairs, they continued to discuss the journey they were about to undertake and what they might encounter along the way. Although neither could be certain what awaited them up at Stone Hill, they were both sure it would be an interesting trip.

A little less than an hour later, the four adventurers met out in front of the Dying Minotaur. Brundon and Delgron joined them shortly after, the former with a sour look on his face. Delgron was cheerful enough for the both of them. In fact, he was very excited to meet Lloyd. 
Delgron was all dressed in shining metal full plate now, his green cloak draped over his shoulders. At his side was strapped a long sword with a black and silver hilt. In his left hand he carried a large metal couche shield. On it was the likeness of a rearing lion over a diagonally split backdrop of red and silver--perhaps a family crest. 
Lloyd was dressed in his full red leather armor with his twin large bastard swords sheathed in cross-like fashion on his back. 
Aksel introduced the two men who shook hands heartily. Delgron insisted on hearing the story of the orc attack back in the Bendenwoods. Both men went over to their steeds, Lloyd to his paint and Delgron to a quarter horse. As they packed their saddlebags, the two warriors fell into a long, animated conversation. 
Glo could not help but smile, listening to the two men go on about the battles and fighting techniques. Lloyd had found a kindred spirit in Delgron. He was glad for him. It must be nice to have someone to share the details of your craft with so openly. Glo almost envied the young warrior. The only one he had ever been able to share magical knowledge with was Amrod. That had never been a pleasant experience. 
“Delgron can go on for hours like that,” Brundon commented sourly, breaking the wizard out of his reverie.
“It’s one of Lloyd’s favorite subjects,” Seth agreed.
“Good,” Aksel said plainly. “Then they can keep each other busy on the ride out to Stone Hill.”
As each of them picked a mount and began packing their saddlebags, Glo surveyed the rest of the group. 
Seth was dressed in his normal black leather outfit. He had a knife strapped to his leg and a number of pouches on his belt, most likely filled with an assortment of throwing weapons and other equally dangerous or useful equipment. 
Aksel had on a white, high neck robe with a diamond shaped emblem on the chest. It was the symbol of his god, Aurl Berlglowr. Draped over his shoulders was a white cloak with the hood hanging down his back, its green lining visible around his neck. His copper haired tumbled over his forehead in front but was cut short in back, revealing the slightly pointed gnomish ears. 
Brundon was still dressed in brown leather, but now he had a short sword strapped to his belt, a quiver full of arrows across his back, and a long bow over his shoulder as well. 
Glo himself had on his long, flowing purple robes. In his left hand, he carried his long wooden staff, and on his right shoulder sat his familiar, Raven. She was cawing, “Nammë avánië, nammë avánië.” We are leaving, we are leaving.
All in all, they were a diverse group with skills to handle tracking, reconnaissance, fighting if necessary, and healing. Assuming that these two new fellows were as good as they were alleged to be. Then again, the same could be said about me, Glo reminded himself. Hopefully, he would not freeze up again at a crucial moment. 
The group of adventurers had finished packing for the journey ahead when they heard a feminine voice cry out from the front door to the inn. They all turned and spied the effervescent Kailay coming through the open door. She ran down the steps and over to Lloyd. She had a basket with her that she handed to the surprised young man.
“Just a little snack for you while you’re on the road,” she explained in her typical bubbly tone.
“Thanks,” Lloyd replied, quietly blushing as he took the basket from her. “You didn’t have to go to all that trouble.”
“It’s no trouble at all,” she said shyly. Then before the warrior could react, she reached up, threw her arms around his neck, and kissed him soundly on the lips. It lasted for a few seconds, and Lloyd blushed through the whole thing. The young man still had the basket of food in one hand and seemed unsure of what to do with his other one. 
Finally, the serving girl let go and stepped back a bit. She put her finger to her lips and said demurely, “That was for luck.” She gave the young man a bright smile, turned to all the rest of them, said, “Good luck!” and ran back into the inn. 
Brundon and Delgron both had wide smiles on their faces as they observed the embarrassed young man. 
“I’ve been coming here for years, and I never got a goodbye like that,” Brundon noted in a mirthful tone. 
Everyone laughed as Lloyd turned even redder. 
“Might as well put this away,” the young man said quietly, turning to secure the basket to the back of his horse. Then he mounted his steed, his face still slightly flushed. 
The rest of the party mounted up as well. Glo and Brundon sat on their horses, but Seth and Aksel were mounted on riding dogs. Horses would have been far too large for the halfling and the gnome.
Aksel looked over the party, specifically at Lloyd, and asked, “Are we all ready now?”
The young man began blushing, his hand going to the back of his neck. “Yep,” he replied quietly.
“Very good,” Aksel said with an amused look on his face. “Then let’s get going.”
It was just after midday, and the sun was bright overhead. From what Brundon told them, it would only take a few hours at most to reach the Dead Forest. The party headed southwest down the road away from the inn. They crossed the bridge over the Raven and continued south past the Temple of Arenor. 
Townsfolk busily hurried about their business, but not too busily to notice the eclectic group of travelers passing by on horseback. A number of folks stared as the group went by, and a few even waved. Ten minutes later, the party left the little town of Ravenford behind. 
Once they were in open country, Glo turned to Raven and spoke a single word, “Revia”. It was the elvish word for fly. 
Raven replied in her small bird like voice, “Lassuilye, Tura.” Thank you, Master. She then went winging off his shoulder and up into the clear blue sky. The black bird spiraled higher and higher, riding the thermal currents, until she reached an altitude well above the trees. From there, she launched herself forward and went winging down the road ahead of the little party.
Brundon took the lead, followed by Aksel and Seth. Next rode Glo with Lloyd and Delgron bringing up the rear. The two warriors were still in deep conversation. From the way they were going on, Glo was sure they could talk for the next few hours, maybe even days. 
The group followed the roadway southwest, the smooth cobblestone path paralleling the coastline. The road veered sharply northwest, skirting the edge of a forest directly in their path. 
According to Brundon, that was the Kelman Woods—a very densely wooded area that would not be easy to navigate on horseback. The road continued northwest for a few more miles until it reached a pass in the Kelman Hills, and then it turned back southward. It would have been slow going through either the woods or hills and also no telling what creatures they might run into, even in the daytime. The road was still the fastest route to take. 
The companions opted to follow Brundon’s suggestion and continued along the cobblestone roadway. After another mile or so, the forest disappeared and was replaced by green rolling hills to their left. On their right, the land was flat and grassy. The blue glint of the waters of the West Raven River appeared off in the distance. 
The day remained clear and sunny with only a couple of puffy white cumulus clouds in the sky. Birds winged their way through the air, both solo and in flocks. Every once in a while, Glo’s raven came into view high up overhead, paralleling the party’s progress then flying off to scout ahead. 
The road was smooth, and before the travelers knew it, they were turning southwest, entering “Kelman Pass”. It was really not so much of a pass as a flat area between the rolling Kelman Hills. The small company left the West Raven behind them and were now surrounded on both sides by the lush green hillsides. Patches of forest occasionally cropped up. It remained a beautiful spring day, and the ride was easy so far. 
Glo thought about how peaceful it had been in the Bendenwoods before they were ambushed by orcs. This ride was equally pleasant, but that previous experience reminded him that this was no casual ride. They were on a mission and needed to remain vigilant, no matter how serene their surroundings might seem. Glancing around, he noticed the serious air that had fallen over the party. 
Lloyd and Delgron fell silent and moved into rear flanking positions on either side of the party. Both rode along easily but maintained careful watch on the passing countryside. Brundon, a little ahead of the group, kept an eye on the road’s horizon. Although Seth appeared to be at ease, he also was on alert, scanning their surroundings. 
Glo tried to do his part by remaining in contact with Raven. The black bird seemed quite at ease. All he could sense was enjoyment as it soared through the clear skies above. The party continued south until the Kelman Hills fell away to their west. In their place was a large peak off to the southwest. That, according to Brundon, was their destination--Stone Hill. The top of the rise looked barren from this distance. Those with sharp eyesight could see the outline of the keep at the top of the hill. 
As the travelers got closer to their objective, a patch of wood loomed up ahead. It did not look very appealing to Glo; the tree line appeared more grayish than green. There was something decidedly wrong about it, but aside from the dead color of the trees, he was not sure what it could be from this distance. Brundon, who was out in front, called for the party to halt. 
“Do we continue on the road, or do you want to head straight to Stone Hill from here?”
There was a momentary silence until finally Aksel responded. “I think it might be best to stick to the road. If we head straight across the plain from here, anyone, or anything, on the hill will see us coming. And if the rumors you told us are true, the keep may very well be occupied.”
“The rumors may be true or not,” the dark man replied, thoughtfully stoking his bearded chin, “but I’d rather be safe than sorry.”
“Agreed,” Aksel nodded. Then he pointed down the road. “It looks like there is a forest ahead. If we continue that way, we will soon be under the cover of its trees. Then we should be able to turn toward the hill without worrying about being seen by anyone on Stone Hill.”
“Ah,” Brundon replied, nodding his approval, “not a bad plan. But that is the Dead Forest up ahead. And although not much lives in there, as I said before, it is not a place that you want to dwell in, especially at night. 
Glo looked at the grey woods. So that is the Dead Forest. No wonder it was so unsettling to look upon.
 “We better get moving,” Aksel declared. 
They spurred their mounts onward and continued down the road. As the group approached the Dead Forest, they began to see why it was so named. All of the trees were wilted and sick. There was not much live vegetation on the ground. No animal sounds. Not even a bird chirping in these trees. 
Soon the travelers were surrounded by the pale grey trees of the dull forest. The only saving grace was that the trees were almost devoid of leaves, allowing the blue skies above to seep through the grey woods. When they were a good ways into the forest, the party slowed down and then came to a halt.
“This is eerie,” Glo stared around. “There is a palpable heaviness in this forest. The trees seem to be barely alive. Not even in the great forest of Ruanaiaith, which is very dark in places, is there such an oppressive gloom as hangs over these woods.”
“Then let’s not stay in them any longer than we have to,” Aksel decided.
“Very good,” Brundon agreed. “I’ll scout ahead and see if there is a trail leading up to the hill.” 
The dark man and his horse went ahead down the road. Everyone else sat on their mounts and waited for Brundon’s return, keeping watch over the road and the unnatural woods around them. Long minutes passed before they caught sight of Brundon riding back toward them from the south. He rejoined them and reported his findings. 
“Sure enough, there is a path leading off the main road about a half mile south from here. It does not look well-traveled, but it will be easier than trying to travel through all of this dead underbrush,” he said, surveying the forest floor.
“Lead on,” Aksel replied, nodding gratefully to the tracker.
Brundon led the way down the road, and they came to a break in the trees. A narrow path lead them westward off the road and into the forest. It looked like it had not been used in years. Since the forest was mostly dead, there was not much overgrowth, just the occasional fallen branch. 
The group had to follow single file, so Lloyd moved up behind Brundon. Seth was followed by Glo then Aksel with Delgron bringing up the rear. Brundon moved on, scouting the path in front of them. 
The group rode on through the dreary forest. It enveloped them now, and there was a feeling of oppression from the surrounding grayness. All of the color had been sucked out of this world except for themselves and the mounts they rode upon. 
The path slowly rose upwards. They were still in the Dead Forest but had reached the base of Stone Hill. The trees thinned out as they continued their ascent up the hillside. 
Abruptly, Brundon stopped his horse and quietly raised his hand, calling a halt. They others heeded his signal and reined in their horses. He slid off his horse and walked back between the others. 
“The path enters a pass through the hillside about 300 yards ahead,” Brundon reported in a soft voice. “It would be the perfect place for an ambush. I think it best for me to scout ahead off the path on foot and see if there is anything up there that we need to worry about.” 
“That sounds like a good idea,” Aksel agreed.
“I think I’ll go, too,” Seth added jumping off his riding dog.
Brundon nodded his approval. “Good. I’ll take the left flank, and you fan out to the right. Let’s plan on meeting back here in about twenty minutes.”
“Sure,” Seth acknowledged. 
Human and halfling disappeared into the woods, shadow-silent. The rest of the company waited quietly, keeping an eye up and down the path for any signs of movement, but the deathly forest remained silent and still. 
“I do not like this place,” Glo whispered to Aksel. “It is unnatural for an entire wood to be like this.”
The young gnome nodded his agreement. “Probably some dark magic was used here at one time. But nothing I have ever heard of.”
“Nor I,” Glo replied.
Seth and Brundon reappeared out of the woods, at almost the same time. Brundon signaled for the others to gather around. Seth spoke first. 
“I think there is a trap up there inside the pass,” he reported in a quiet voice. “I saw something lying across the path between the two cliffs. Whatever it is, it is crudely covered with underbrush.”
“And I came across some large footprints,” Brundon added. “Two legged and five toed, with clawed feet. Bugbear would be my best guess from the shape and size.” He looked knowingly at the others. The group nodded their understanding. 
Glo had read all about bugbears in his father’s library back home. There was an entire book series entitled “Races of the World”, and Glo had been required to read all the volumes as part of his studies. 
Bugbears were two legged creatures, somewhat larger and broader than a man, but with a bear like face. They were goblinoid like their cousins the orcs. As such, bugbears were also carnivorous and would eat people. They needed to be very careful if there were bugbears in these woods. 
“I followed the trail up to the edge of the tree line,” Brundon continued. “I did not want to get too close, but there is definitely something large and brown lying up on the cliff south of the pass.”
“Don’t bugbears usually travel in packs?” Glo asked quietly. 
Brundon smirked. “Yes, as a matter of fact, they do. But they also like to send out scouts and set ambushes for the unwary.”
“Bet if we followed that trail the other way, we’d find the rest of his clan,” Seth observed.
“Most likely,” Brundon agreed, pursing his lips, “but there’s no telling how many of them there are.”
“Let’s take advantage of the situation,” Aksel declared. His head tilted slightly and a quizzical expression crossed his face. “By any chance, does anyone speak bugbear?”
There was silence for a moment, then Glo answered hesitantly, “I do."
Seth gave him a sidelong glance. “Really?” he said, his tone thick with skepticism.
“Sort of," Glo replied. "It was part of my studies.” The halfling still looked unconvinced. Glo sighed as he thought back on all the hours he had put into what he had then deemed useless studies. His father had forced him to learn the basics of a number of languages in order to earn the right to be called a wizard. Thinking back now, Glo ticked off each language he had learned on his fingers as he spoke. 
“I had to learn Common, Dwarven, Draconic, Orcish, as well as Goblin, which is what bugbears speak.” 
“You had to learn Common?” Lloyd asked. 
Glo turned to look at the young human, a sarcastic retort on his lips. When he saw Lloyd’s face, he realized the young man was serious. “Well…I am an elf,” he finally replied.
“And elves speak what, Lloyd?” Seth drawled, his voice thick with sarcasm. Lloyd quietly stared back at the little halfling, a foolish look on his young face. “Elvish!” Seth finished dramatically.
“Sorry,” Lloyd said, his face taking on a sheepish expression and his hand going behind his head. “Guess I didn’t think it through.”
“That’s okay,” Glo told the young man sympathetically. “At least you didn’t question my ability with languages like some people."
“I never doubted you for a moment,” Seth replied.
“Anyway," Aksel called attention back to himself, "if there is only one of them, let’s see if we can capture this one. Then maybe we can find out more about what we are dealing with.”
“So what do you propose?” Brundon asked. His tone seemed mildly critical. 
Aksel paused and stared at him for a few moments. When he finally responded, he sounded more formal than usual. 
“First, you lead Seth, Glo, and me back to the spot where you saw the bugbear.”
“As long as you can be quiet,” the tracker said smugly.
“A halfling, a gnome, and an elf?” Aksel said, a look of clear disbelief on his face. “Of course we can be quiet.” 
“Okay. Then what?” Brundon prodded him.
“Then you and Seth will spread out a bit so that we can flank the creature,” Aksel responded, his growing annoyance with the dark man quite evident in his voice.
“What do you want us to do?” Lloyd asked, pointing to himself and Delgron. Aksel turned toward him, his face visibly relaxing as he responded to the cooperative young man. 
“Provide distraction. Give us about fifteen minutes to get into position, and then you and Delgron start slowly heading up the path on horseback. Try to make a bit of noise so that you keep the bugbear’s attention.”
“Sure thing,” Lloyd said, a serious expression on the youthful face. Delgron nodded his agreement. 
Aksel smiled at the duo then began to speak to the group in general. 
“So while the bugbear is focused on Lloyd and Delgron, Glolindir will cast a sleep spell on it.”
“That’s all well and fine,” Brundon replied with thinly veiled amusement. “What do we do if the wizard’s sleep spell doesn’t work?” 
Aksel turned to face Brundon, the exasperation quite evident on his diminutive face. He paused a moment and took a deep breath. When he finally spoke, his voice was very even. 
“That is why you and Seth will be flanking the creature. And if the spell doesn’t work, then the two of you will pounce on it from both sides.”
Brundon looked over at Seth speculatively then turned back to Aksel with a skeptical look on his face. “You do realize that bugbears are quite large and very strong, don’t you?”
“What’s the matter? Afraid you can’t handle it?” Seth retorted.
“It’s not me I’m worried about,” Brundon shot back.
“That’s enough,” Aksel said in a stony voice. He stared Brundon directly in the eye for a good thirty seconds, neither flinching nor blinking; his face was a complete mask devoid of emotion. 
Brundon returned the gnome's gaze appearing quite self-assured at first. However, as Aksel continued to quietly stare at him, Brundon looked more and more uncertain of himself. 
Glo and the others watched the staring contest, not daring to interrupt the two contestants in their obvious power struggle. Finally, Aksel spoke, his tone very firm. 
“Then let’s just hope that Glo’s sleep spell works; unless, of course, you have any better ideas?” 
“No. No,” Brundon replied, holding his hands up in front of him. “Not really.” 
“Good,” Aksel declared emphatically. “Then let’s move.”
Brundon led Seth, Glo, and Aksel through the trees and near-dead brush. They moved parallel but south to the path. When they reached a point adjacent to the pass, the tracker stopped and began slowly moving north. 
After a few dozen yards, they dropped down on their knees and crawled the rest of the way up to the edge of the tree line. The four adventurers ended up behind a thick fallen tree trunk, the open cliff just on the other side. 
Brundon raised his head and peeked out then ducked back down again. He signaled the others that the bugbear was still there. 
Glo raised his head and peaked over the top of the fallen trunk. Lying face down on the top of the cliff, his back toward them, he saw a large humanoid looking creature with big protruding ears. It had brown skin but was also partially covered with thick brown fur. Its torso was wrapped in some kind of cloth, but it had a piece of spiked armor strapped around its left shoulder. Lying next to it on the ground was a large, deadly mace. 
So that was what a bugbear really looked like. It was larger than he imagined, and even at this distance was intimidating. Glo was glad he was not facing this big creature alone. The bugbear turned its huge head to look down the path to the east, and Glo caught a glimpse of the ugly, bear-like face before he ducked back down behind the fallen tree.
"That was close," Glo whispered, his heart pounding in his chest.
"Shhhh," Seth hissed, putting a finger to his lips.
Glo clapped a hand over his mouth. Seth was right; there was no telling how sensitive this creature's ears were. 
Aksel motioned to Seth and Brundon, and the man and halfling began to move out to the left and right of their current position. They soon disappeared from sight. 
The two remaining companions stayed down and waited. A few minutes later, they heard voices drifting up the path from the east. It was Lloyd and Delgron. 
Right on time. Aksel nudged him and cocked his head in the direction of their target. He lifted his head again and saw that the bugbear was now staring down the path toward the sound of the approaching warriors. It was now or never. 
Glo reached into a pouch on his belt and pulled out a pinch of sand. Then he began to concentrate while moving his hands in a circular motion. He slowly let the grains of sand slip from his fingers. As the last of the sand fell away, he spoke the word somnus and gestured toward the unaware bugbear. 
As the spell released, a faint purplish circle appeared around the creature. The light disappeared after a moment, and the bugbear’s huge head slumped down onto the rock surface and lay still. 
Seth appeared off to his right. He was moving toward the listless creature. He spied Brundon sneaking in from the left. Seth reached the bugbear first and stood quietly over the creature. The halfling knelt down and examined the huge figure. It did not move. Seth stood up and gave the all clear sign. 
Glo and Aksel climbed over the tree trunk simultaneously and joined the other two over the fallen bugbear.
“It’s asleep,” Seth whispered to them.
“Good,” Aksel replied quietly, “then let’s tie him up.”
Brundon took a thick rope out of his pack. He and Seth bound the bugbear then gagged it for good measure. 
“Now that that’s settled,” Seth rubbed his hands together, “I’ll take care of that trap below.” Before anyone could stop him, he launched himself off the cliff. The three companions ran to the edge and watched in awe as Seth performed a mid-air somersault and landed neatly on one knee on the path below. He then stood, looked up, and waved to the three figures on top of the cliff as they stared down at the little daredevil.
“That’s some trick,” Brundon exclaimed. 
Glo turned to look at him, expecting to see a smug look on Brundon’s face. What he saw instead was a genuine look of awe as he continued to watch Seth moving around in the pass below. Glo was pleasantly surprised. For the first time since he had met him, Brundon seemed sincere about something. It was a refreshing change of pace. 
“That’s nothing,” Glo declared. “I once saw him fall from a kite thirty feet in the air, bounce off the net below, and easily land on both feet.”
“From a kite?” Brundon asked, turning to look at him with a skeptical expression.
“Yes,” Aksel chimed in. “It’s called kite riding. It’s a big deal where I’m from.”
Brundon turned to look at the gnome, disbelief quite plain on his face. “Now you’re just pulling my leg.”
Glo snickered. “I thought the same thing at first, but trust me. I’ve seen it with my own eyes. They even tried to get me on one of those contraptions.”
“You can’t be serious? Kite riding?” Brundon repeated, his face still showing a trace of doubt.
“Yes, it really is a big deal up in Caprizon.”
Brundon stared at Glo for a good ten seconds, trying to read his mind. Then he shook his head slowly. “I still can’t tell if you are trying to pull one over on me or not…but there’s not many people that I can’t read either. I will say this: there’s definitely more to you folks than meets the eye.”
“You’ve no idea,” Aksel declared mysteriously, a blank expression across his face. He turned, winked at Glo and walked back to their sleeping captive. 
Glo suppressed a smile and turned to look back down into the pass below. 
Seth had uncovered a pit trap. A pile of dead leaves and twigs still covered it somewhat, but the halfling had pushed a section to the side. There was no way they were going to get the horses over that, Glo realized. Seth must have thought the same thing. 
As Glo watched, the halfling skirted the edges of the pit and headed back down the pass toward Lloyd and Delgron. Ten minutes later, the three companions rejoined them atop the cliff. 
The bugbear had already woken up and was straining at its ropes, but Brundon had pulled out his sword and held it to the monster’s throat. It stopped its thrashing and sat still, glaring at them all. 
At Aksel’s request, Lloyd and Delgron dragged the big creature back to the fallen tree trunk and propped him up on it. Aksel then asked Brundon to keep an eye out at the top of the pass.
“Sure thing,” Brundon nodded, a hint of newfound respect in his voice. He turned and ran west through the tree line and up the hillside until he was out of sight. 
Glo sat down on the ground in front of the creature. The bugbear was still quite ugly, but being all tied up and seated up against the tree trunk, it did not seem threatening at the moment. Of course, it didn’t hurt that Lloyd and Delgron stood to either side of the creature, hands on their sword hilts. Both men had fierce looks on their faces. 
Glo realized that the warriors were doing their best to look intimidating. The bugbear did not look scared at all. It just stared defiantly at the two warriors. 
He rifled through his mind, dredging up all he had read about bugbears. He knew their characteristics, enough of their language to get by, and even some basic culture. This creature was not afraid of them. How was he going to get it to tell them what they wanted to know? As the wizard racked his brain, the answer came to him in a flash. Culture! That was the answer. 
Glo began to speak to the bugbear in its own language. He was not that great at it, but he could get his point across. As he spoke, guttural sounds came from his mouth consisting of grunts and growls.
“We worship…Gruel…the one…true god,” he told the bugbear. Gruel was the chief deity of all bugbears. Though generally barbaric in nature, bugbears were extremely religious. The bugbears eyes widened. It was working. “We are here…to test…your honor,” Glo continued haltingly. “We remove gag. If you scream…Gruel think… you weak. You understand?” 
The bugbear nodded fervently. Well, this will be the test. Glo turned to Seth. 
“Remove his gag.” 
Seth raised an eyebrow but walked over to the bugbear and took out his knife. The bugbear stared at the gleaming blade as Seth held it up to his huge bear-like face. He slid it under the gag and cut it off cleanly in one quick motion. The material fell away and landed on the creature’s lap. Seth stepped back, and the knife disappeared from his hand. 
The bugbear cleared its throat, a horrible rasping sound, and said to the elf, “You worship Gruel? How that be? You not bugbear. You meat.”
“We…worship…Gruel,” Glo grunted doing his best to sound fierce. He felt woefully inadequate next to the huge beast, but he continued to give it his best. “Gruel…one true god. He master of…blood and battle. He twelve feet tall…with great fangs…clawed hands…clawed feet. He carries…ten foot…mace. Other gods…cringe…before Gruel.” 
Glo thanked his lucky stars for his father’s extensive library. There was a book there entitled, “The Deities of All the Races”. It even had pictures of each god in it.
“Yes, yes,” the bugbear replied fervently, “that is Gruel. You do know him.”
“Yes,” Glo agreed inwardly relieved. “What your…name?”
“I am Gilstench.”
“What your…clan?” All bugbears belonged to a clan. It was the cornerstone of their society. 
“My clan is Ironfist,” the bugbear said proudly.
“Ironfist,” Glo repeated. “Good. Gruel…sent us…to test you. To test…Ironfist clan.” 
Gilstench looked at him suspiciously. This would be crucial now. If the bugbear did not buy this then there would be no getting anything out of him. 
“Ironfist…now…weak!” Glo cried with as much ferocity as he could muster. 
If only Lloyd could speak Goblin. At least the large man would have a chance of intimidating this huge creature; but he did not, and it was left to him. He pushed on, giving it his best. 
“See…we caught you…easy. We do…same with…all Ironfist clan!” 
Gilstench’s face screwed up in anger. It was a fearsome sight, but he did his best to remain calm on the outside. Inside, his blood had turned to ice. 
“My clan not weak!” the bugbear barked at him. “Gilstench stupid. Gilstench should die. But Ironfist clan strong!” 
Glo was unnerved by the fierceness of the outburst. Luckily, the bugbear did not seem to notice. Most likely it was not used to reading expressions on the faces of its prey. It took him a moment to find his voice again, but then he prodded the creature. 
“You…sure?”
Gilstench snarled and then began spouting hotly, “We have three warriors, tougher than me. And two mages. We live in the great keep on top of the mountain. And we grow. We have families. Young ones get big and strong. One day we will have more warriors.” 
It was working! There were five more adult male bugbears, and they were living in the keep on top of Stone Hill with their families. Were there just the bugbears up there? He decided to push Gilstench just a bit more.
“That all?” he said, doing his best to keep his voice even.
“No,” Gilstench growled. “There is Wizard in keep. Telvar his name. He great wizard. He teach great magic to Bilehack and Curdlemung. They become great, too!” 
Another wizard? That caught him by surprise. 
“What…kind…magic?” he asked slowly, his uncertainty growing by the minute.
“Dark magic. Undead magic. Bugbears guard keep during day. Undead do job at night. Ironfist magic great,” Gilstench bragged. 
Undead? That was not good. This “little job” of mapping out the keep was becoming something much more involved and much more dangerous. 
Glo stood back for a moment trying to think. He gazed around at the others, but other than a few raised eyebrows and questioning looks, no one said anything. Well, there was no hope for it. Right now they needed to do something with Gilstench.
“Maybe…Ironfist…great,” Glo stepped forward, “But Gilstench…not. What we…do with…you?”
“Gilstench must die!” the bugbear roared. With a sudden great heave, he broke his ropes and launched his huge frame right at Glo. 
The young elf froze in his tracks as the large creature hurtled toward him. Suddenly, something hit him hard in the side, knocking him down. Glo slammed into the ground and felt a sharp pain in his side. The world around him spun for a few seconds until finally his head cleared. 
“You okay?” he heard a voice say. 
Glo shook his head and then sat up. Aksel and Seth were standing over him.
“Sorry about that,” the halfling apologized. “I thought he was going after you, so I tackled you.”
“That’s okay,” Glo replied as he rubbed his head and looked around. “Where’d he go?” Then he caught sight of three figures running away from them toward the cliff. The lead figure was clearly ahead of the other two. It was Gilstench! Lloyd and Delgron were right behind the creature in hot pursuit.
“They’re almost to the cliff,” Aksel said ominously.
Glo sprang up and began to run after the others. At that point, the bugbear reached the cliff. Before anyone could stop him, the creature leapt off into midair and disappeared over the rim. 
Lloyd and Delgron, who had been right behind the monster, stopped short just at the cliff’s edge. The two warriors stood up and stared down over into the pass below. Glo, Seth, and Aksel reached them about half a minute later. Neither man had moved an inch; instead, they stood looking down, transfixed by what they saw below. 
“You might not want to look,” Delgron said quietly, but Glo chose to anyway. 
Down below them, at the bottom of the narrow ravine, he saw a dreadful sight. Gilstench had landed in the pit trap the bugbears put in the road. He fell through and was now impaled on spikes at the bottom of the pit. The large body was still convulsing slightly. They all stood there aghast. Then Brundon appeared beside them. He had heard the commotion and had come running. 
“Oooo, that’s gotta hurt,” Brundon looked down into the ravine.
“I guess he got the point,” Seth noted.
Glo brought his palm to his forehead as the group collectively groaned.
“Really?” Aksel said plaintively, looking at Seth and shaking his head. 
Seth merely smirked in response.
It suddenly dawned on Glo that no one else knew what the bugbear told him. So he motioned for the others to follow him back away from the cliff and then repeated what he learned to the group. When he was done, the others were silent for a few moments. Aksel spoke first. 
“It sounds like they have a little mini-army up there at the keep.”
“And I’m really not thrilled with all this talk of undead,” Brundon added, his face having gone somewhat pale.
“What worries me more,” Glo told them, “is this wizard, Telvar. If he is teaching the bugbears how to make undead, he is much more experienced than I. That could prove to be a problem.” 
They were all silent for a few moments more. Finally, Aksel broke the silence. “Well, we’ve come this far. I wouldn’t want to turn back now. Let’s take a vote.” 
Lloyd immediately voted for going ahead, as did Delgron. Seth said he would go if everyone else wanted to. 
Glo thought about it for a few moments. He could picture his father, Amrod, giving yet another lecture about the dangers of the outside world. Then his final conversation with his mother, Aerandir, replayed through his mind. They had been standing amidst the roughhewn monolithic pillars that marked the perimeter of the city. The mystic runes engraved into the columns glowed with a soft light, signifying that the magic that kept Cairthrellon hidden from the rest of the world was still in place. 
“Remember to use what we have taught you,” the tall elven woman had told him. She stood there, a forlorn look on her otherwise unmarred face. Her long, black hair, blown by the gentle breeze, partially covered the alabaster skin and the piercing green eyes as she stared at her only child for possibly the last time. 
“How so?” he had asked quietly, trying his best to keep his own emotions in check. 
“Use your mind. It is your greatest asset. Think things through before running headlong into anything,” Aerandir advised. He had hated to worry her so, but his father had backed him into a corner, and he felt he had no choice but to leave Cairthrellon. 
“I will,” he had promised her as they clasped hands one final time. 
Then the image faded, and Glo was again standing among his friends. They were all staring at him, waiting for his decision. He had indeed promised his mother to be careful, but what they were now doing was exactly why he had left Cairthrellon in the first place. He had set out to make friends with the other races and to utilize his magic out here in the world, where it was most needed. This would be an opportunity to do both: to support his new friends and to use his elven magic against dark creatures that were spoiling this world. 
His mind finally made up, Glo declared, “I’m in.”
“Might as well,” Brundon sighed, “There’s obviously no stopping you, and without me to guide you, there’s no telling what you might run into up there.” 
They all smiled at that. Glo felt he was starting to understand Brundon. He was smug and egotistical at times, but he would stand by you in a pinch. Now he could see why Delgron stayed with him.
“Then it’s settled” Aksel announced. “We’ll wait until nightfall. Then maybe we can sneak into the ruins after dark. As you said, Glo, that wizard could be trouble. Facing undead might be the lesser of two evils.”
“And I thought undead were more evil than bugbears,” Seth noted quietly.
“It was a figure of speech,” Aksel retorted glaring at his halfling friend.
“Geez. Can’t you take a joke?” Seth complained, doing his best to look innocent. 
Aksel said nothing but continued to stare at the halfling. Seth finally gave up the act and grinned. 
“Anyway, I’m going to go down and cover up that pit with the bugbear’s body in it. It’s late in the day and with any luck, none of his clan will come looking for him before dark.” 
With that, Seth disappeared into the woods. Meanwhile, Brundon searched for a place to set up camp. He returned shortly, having found a glade a little ways into the woods just south of the path. The party relocated there and had a short, cold dinner while they waited for night to fall.

The Ruins on Stone Hill
I think it's time to shed a little light on the subject. 
There’s five of them…coming this way,” Brundon managed between gasps. He had been scouting ahead up the trail.
“Five what?” Seth asked the breathless tracker.
“Skeletons…”
“Animated skeletons…” Glo mused aloud. This little expedition was getting weirder and weirder. 
“I’d say that qualifies as undead,” Seth noted ironically. 
“How far behind you are they?” Aksel asked, the pensive look on his face starkly outlined in the silvery moonlight.
“About…10 minutes. Figured, the faster…I got back down…the more time…we would have to…prepare.”
“Good thinking,” Aksel agreed, a look of relief flooding his face.
“Do you think they saw you?” Seth asked the tracker.
“I don’t…think so. They seem to be moving in…some kind of formation, almost as if it were a routine patrol.”
“Then let’s set up an ambush of our own,” Aksel decided. 
The group of adventurers was now halfway up the mountainside. The tree line ended here, and the upper half of the hillside was mostly bare beyond, except for a few patches of vegetation here and there. It was about two hours after sunset, and darkness blanketed the hill. The edge of the moon could just be seen on the eastern horizon and was beginning to brighten the mountainside with its pale silvery light. 
Glo half listened as the others began outlining a plan. He knew it took dark magic to animate a skeleton. It was called Necromancy. This dark art was not practiced by the elves of Cairthrellon, but Amrod made sure they covered the subject thoroughly. 
A necromancer used negative arcane energy to gather undead minions. The more powerful the practitioner, the more undead creatures they could gather to their side. Worse, any who fell in the necromancer’s vicinity would become part of those undead forces. A powerful practitioner of this dark art could have a veritable army of undead to command. 
If there was a weakness to be exploited against them, it was in their minions. They were usually mindless, following their master’s orders to the exclusion of all else. Also, different types of undead creatures had specific vulnerabilities. Skeletons, for instance, were very susceptible to blunt weapons like hammers and clubs that would crack and break their bones. 
Glo’s mind snapped back to the present as he realized the others were finishing their strategizing.
“…and Glo and I will hang back here,” Aksel was just finishing up. “So, what does everyone think?”
“I think that just might work,” Brundon agreed, a hint of approval in his voice.
“Delgron and I will be ready,” Lloyd declared, clasping the warrior on the shoulder.
“Let’s just get going already,” Seth declared impatiently. He was right; they really didn’t have that much more time. 
 Aksel nodded his head in agreement.
Seth and Brundon took off immediately and disappeared into the night. 
Lloyd and Delgron doffed their backpacks and looked through them. When Lloyd pulled his hands out of his pack, he was holding a “warhammer” in each. The weapons looked like two steel mallets with large square metal heads and long cylindrical handles. Glo smiled. Lloyd knew these creature’s weaknesses as well. As he watched the warrior heft the warhammers, Glo’s eyes widened. 
“Those hammers are huge,” he commented quietly. “How much do they weigh?”
Lloyd looked up and flashed a smile. “Oh, about ten pounds each. They’re only about a pound heavier than my swords.”
Aksel whistled. Glo was equally amazed. If he tried to swing around ten pound objects in each hand the way Lloyd did, his arms would feel like they were going to fall off after a minute or two. 
Delgron had finished rummaging through his backpack and withdrew a large wooden club. He hefted it with his right hand and said quietly, “Not as heavy as those warhammers, but it is solid oak. It should do the trick.” 
The two large men nodded to each other, smiled grimly, then walked forward about ten paces. Then they stopped and spread out to give each other room to work. They were all ready. Now it was up to their quarry to spring the trap. 
The night grew very still as they waited for the band of roving skeletons to appear. The only sounds came from the soft chirping of crickets. The sky was crystal clear. Stars twinkled fervently against the inky backdrop. The moon, now above the eastern horizon, threw long pale shadows against the otherwise dark hillside. Had they not been awaiting the arrival of foul undead creatures, it would have been a beautiful evening for lying on the mountainside, gazing at the stars, and enjoying the peaceful countryside. 
Glo was becoming impatient. He stared as far as he could see up the hillside, but the trail disappeared ahead around a clump of trees and an outcropping of rocks. Nevertheless, the young elf continued to strain his eyes and was rewarded when five figures appeared around the bend. They looked like nothing more than white stick figures from this distance, but as he continued to watch, the five forms slowly moved down the path toward them. 
“There they are,” he whispered nervously.
“Let them come to us,” Aksel reminded everyone firmly.
Lloyd and Delgron’s eyes remained fixed forward, but both warriors nodded in agreement.
As the figures got closer, their features became more apparent. They were definitely skeletons. The white bones gleamed in the moonlight in stark contrast to the darkness of the hillside. The skulls bobbed up and down on the thin boney necks. The wide jaws opened and closed as they ambled along, deep in noiseless discussion. Their arms and legs moved awkwardly in strange disjointed movements--puppets held upright from some giant invisible puppet master hidden in the night sky. 
In their right hands, each skeleton wielded a wicked curved sword, brandishing it about, hacking unseen enemies to their left and right. The entire scene unfolding before the foursome was eerie and unreal. 
Despite all of his training and studies, the actual sight of undead creatures sent goose bumps up and down Glo’s spine. He glanced around at the others, but they were all staring up the path. The bony monsters were now halfway down the path toward them. 
The lead skeletons halted, the rest of the monsters stopping short right behind them. A strange chattering could be heard amongst the creatures, a ghost of conversation. The lead skeleton pointed its sword downhill to where Lloyd and Delgron stood. No one moved for a few moments. The skeletons rushed down the hill toward the two men, bones clattering and blades swinging wildly in the air.
“Wait for it,” Aksel said as the creatures closed the gap between them. “Wait for it,” he repeated louder as the skeletons drew near.
When the skeletons were only a few yards away, a voice yelled out of the night, “Now!”
A rope rose up across the trail in front of the charging monsters. It pulled tight across their path, and the two lead creatures hit the cord at full speed. They tripped and plunged headlong into the ground. The three remaining skeletons could not stop themselves in time and also tripped landing on top of the other monsters. 
Glo was awestruck. Somehow Seth and Brundon managed to lay out a rope across the path without anyone seeing them. He knew that they were stealthy, but that was incredible. 
“Was that part of the plan?” Glo asked aloud.
“No…” Aksel responded, his astonishment equally apparent in his voice.

Lloyd tensed himself as the skeletons began their rush forward. He firmly gripped a warhammer in each hand. The young man packed the large hammers knowing that swords were not always the best weapon for every fight. He had learned that lesson from his dad. Lloyd’s father was a tactical genius. One of the most important things he taught Lloyd was that every adversary, no matter how strong, always had a weakness. An enemy who may be able to turn aside the cut of a sword could typically be bludgeoned or stabbed most effectively. To that end, his father instructed him in the use of weapons other than swords. 
Now Lloyd stood his ground, warhammers ready, as the skeletons closed the gap between them. They heard Aksel’s voice urging them to hold their position. The gnome’s initial plan of drawing the creatures in and flanking them from behind was an excellent strategy. In fact, it is something his father would have recommended. 
As the skeletons approached, Lloyd studied them. He was taught to assess his opponents first, to study their movements and determine their weaknesses. He had employed that strategy against the huge orc back in Bendenwood forest, and it had won him that battle. 
These skeletal attackers are not really all that skilled, he realized. They were holding their swords too tightly and brandishing them about like they were cutting down weeds. There was no finesse or purpose in their movements. Also, they were falling out of formation. They were bunched up too close together and could trip each other up if one of them miss-stepped.
As Lloyd assessed his enemies, he heard a sudden cry in the night. The lead skeletons abruptly tumbled headlong to the ground a few yards in front of him. The trailing skeletons went plummeting after them and ended up in a heap of tangled bones. 
Lloyd hesitated for a split second then launched himself uphill toward the mass of felled enemies. As he charged forward, he caught a glint of bright silver to his right out the corner of his eye. Lloyd smiled grimly, knowing that Delgron was at his side as they raced up the path. 
As the two warriors closed in, the fallen skeletons clambered around, trying to disentangle themselves. The creatures on top of the pile were just beginning to rise when Lloyd and Delgron plowed into them. 
Lloyd planted his feet and swung his twin hammers in two heavy blows, each smashing into a separate skeleton. The creature on his left went down in a heap of broken bones and lay there twitching on the ground. The skeleton on his right lost its sword arm, its blade flying along with it. 
Lloyd drew back his right arm and then sent another devastating blow into the creature. The large warhammer smashed through its torso, splitting the boney body in half. Only the bottom of the skeleton was still intact. 
Lloyd was elated that he already destroyed two of the monsters. But to his surprise, instead of falling over, the half skeleton began to walk around. It wandered aimlessly about the trail, still searching for an enemy to fight. The bizarre sight made the young man pause for a moment, but then he tore his eyes away and surveyed the battlefield. 
Seth and Brundon were up the trail watching the battle. To Lloyd’s right, Delgron was bashing a headless skeleton alternately with his wooden weapon and metallic shield. Then he heard a shout from downhill. 
“Lloyd! Delgron! Behind you!”
Lloyd pivoted sharply and found himself face to skull with another boney creature. The lead skeletons must have regained their footing and were flanking Delgron and himself. Lloyd turned just in time to parry a scimitar that was swiping at his side. 
At that precise moment, he heard a high-pitched voice behind him yell, “Don’t worry! I’ve got this one!” The shout was followed by the clang of metal and the clattering of bones. 
Lloyd chanced a quick glance to his left and saw Delgron blocking an attack by the other skeleton with his shield. He was relieved that the warrior was able to turn in time. 
Now Lloyd had his own battle to fight. The skeleton in front of him was taking another swipe with its wicked curved blade. He blocked the sword with the handle of his left hammer, and then pulled his right arm back and smashed away at the undead creature. It did not take very long after that. He rained down blows on the monster. In less than a minute, the skeleton was a pile of bones on the ground. 
With his opponent demolished, Lloyd spun around and scanned the rest of the battleground. To his right, he saw Delgron bent over a fallen skeleton, pummeling it into submission with his club and shield. 
A few feet up the path, he spied Seth sitting on top of a headless skeleton. The creature was completely tied up and, although its feet were still twitching, it could not move the rest of its body. 
A chuckle escaped Lloyd’s lips. Seth never ceased to amaze him.
“I think Brundon could use a hand,” he said pointing up the trail. 
Lloyd followed the direction of Seth’s hand and saw a strange sight. The skeleton he had split in half was still standing in the middle of the path. As he watched, Brundon rushed up behind it and kicked it with his boot. The creature whirled around and began chasing him, but Brundon dodged and moved behind it. 
As Lloyd watched the strange dance, Brundon repeated the same technique again. Lloyd grinned broadly as he walked up the trail, still watching the crazy fight. When he was a few feet away, the young warrior stopped and waited until Brundon dodged the skeleton again. 
The tracker ended up next to him. Lloyd held out the hammer in his left hand. 
“Care to try it out?”
Brundon paused, looking from Lloyd to the proffered weapon until a broad smile spread across his face. 
“Don’t mind if I do,” he replied with delight. 
Brundon grabbed the hammer and began to heft it with one hand, but it seemed to be too heavy for him. He then grasped it firmly with both hands and, after a few test swings, he was able to effectively wield the large hammer. He turned and rushed the roving skeleton, which resulted in a pile of cracked bones. 
He stood over the pile with a grim look of satisfaction on his face. As he turned to look down the trail, he broke into a wide grin. Lloyd followed Brundon’s gaze back down the trail toward Delgron and Seth. Delgron was just getting up off his knees, a smashed skeleton beneath his feet. Seth still sat comfortably on top of the trussed up headless skeleton. 
The halfling got up and said to Brundon, “Care to do the honors?’
A wicked smile crossed Brundon’s face as he turned and walked down the trail to finish off the last skeleton. While Brundon joyfully hammered away, Lloyd headed back to join the others.
“Nice work, everyone,” Glo noted as he and Aksel walked up to meet them. 
“Did anyone get hurt?” Aksel asked surveying the four companions.
No one had.
“Good,” Aksel said thankfully. “Now then, let’s pack up and get moving. We still need to make it to the top of the hill, and there’s no telling what we’ll find up at the keep.”
As the others went to gather their things, Brundon walked up to Lloyd. He stood there grinning, both hands out, proffering the heavy weapon to the young warrior. 
“Thanks,” Brundon said as Lloyd took the hammer.
That one word spoke volumes. Brundon reminded Lloyd somewhat of his older brother. Smug and self-assured, he was forever looking down on Lloyd, teasing him for not being smart enough or serious enough. Brundon definitely displayed a similar attitude towards the companions. 
Battle changed people though. Lloyd knew that only too well. When you fought side by side with someone and your life was on the line, you came to rely on each other. That kind of mutual dependence tended to make friends out of even the most unlikely of people. Lloyd grinned back at Brundon as he took the hammer from his hands. 
“Any time,” he replied with a nod. Brundon nodded and went off to get his things. 
Further down the trail, Lloyd joined Delgron, and they went to retrieve their packs. 
“That was a nice little warm up, wasn’t it?” Delgron commented. 
“Definitely. Nothing like a little sparring to get your blood flowing,” he replied casually, stretching his arms and working out some left over kinks. 
Secretly, Lloyd thought the entire encounter was bizarre. The undead skeletons were daunting adversaries. If his training had not been so rigorous, the encounter might have unnerved him, but Lloyd was not going to admit that to Delgron. 
The two men stored their spare weapons then rejoined the group near the boney remains of the skeletons. Once everyone was gathered, the small company resumed its ascent up the trail to the top of Stone Hill. 
Brundon moved forward to take a scouting position up the trail. The tracker was good at his craft, making little noise, if any, as he moved. The rest of the company followed slowly behind. After the run in with the skeletons, stealth seemed warranted. 
The path slowly wound its way up the moonlit hillside. Dark shadows fell across the trail from surrounding trees and rocks, but the night remained quiet and the route was otherwise clear. 
The group of adventurers made it to the summit of Stone Hill with no further incidents. Brundon met them down the path just below the hilltop. He motioned for the others to follow then led them off the trail and across the slope a bit to the north. When they finally reached the summit, the entire group was well hidden by some large boulders.
Glo peered out from behind their rocky hiding place and immediately saw the shadowy outline of the keep directly in front of them. The summit was mostly flat and devoid of vegetation, giving him a clear view of the dark structure. The elven race could see fairly well in low light, and with the moon behind him, Glo could see much of the castle ruins. 
He judged the structure to be roughly a quarter of a mile away. There was a long, high wall facing them with a tower rising well above it at the north end. A faint greenish glow radiated out from the parapet at the very top. Glo thought it strange but there was nothing more to be seen at this distance. Behind the castle wall, he could see the top of the keep proper. It was dark except for a single lighted window on the top floor. 
Glo rejoined the rest of the party. They had gathered in a circle, and Brundon was reporting what he had observed on his brief venture onto the summit.
“I saw another roving band of skeletons go by. They were well out from the castle wall, but this group was headed south. I followed them a short way and then noticed them slowly turn west. My best guess is that they are patrolling the ruins in a circular pattern.” Brundon had also seen the light in the keep.
“Hmmm,” Aksel mused while stroking his beardless chin. “So we have patrolling skeletons and someone, or something, awake in the keep.”
“Just one more thing,” Brundon added. “On my way back, I got a closer look at those walls. They are definitely crumbled and cracked in spots.” 
“Nice work,” Aksel acknowledged, smiling for the first time at the tracker. “If someone is awake in that keep, and there are patrols, an alternative entrance might be our best bet.”
 “If there is a crack in the walls large enough for us all to fit through, then that could indeed be our entrance into the keep,” Glo noted, following Aksel’s train of thought.
“I could check it out,” Seth offered, not sounding entirely convinced.
“That would probably be best,” Aksel replied slowly, “but even if you do find a way in, we still need to know how often that patrol goes by.”
“I’ll go back out with him and time them,” Brundon offered as well.
“Excellent.” Aksel nodded his approval of the plan. “The rest of us will wait here and get ready to move as quickly and as quietly as possible.”
Brundon and Seth both got up and disappeared into the night. The rest of the group prepared for a silent dash across the hilltop. Lloyd and Delgron made sure that all their straps and weapons were tightly tied down in order to reduce noise. Glo and Aksel rummaged through their packs, making sure nothing was loose. By the time they were done, half an hour had gone by. A few minutes later, Seth and Brundon reappeared. The two looked a bit somber and were strangely quiet. 
“So?” Aksel asked the duo.
“Well, there is large enough crack in the wall underneath the tower,” Seth reported hesitantly.
“There’s just one small hitch,” Brundon added before anyone could respond. 
“What is it?” Aksel asked apprehensively.
“There are two parties of skeletons circling the keep,” the tracker said with clear dismay.
“Two?” Glo interrupted. Then, lowering his voice he added, “How far apart?”
“10 minutes,” Brundon answered sourly. “Each group makes a full circle in about 20 minutes.” He shook his head, obviously upset with himself about this oversight. “If only I hadn’t followed the first group, I wouldn’t have missed the second one.” The group was silent for a few moments until finally Aksel spoke. 
“Well there’s no use blaming ourselves for it now. I say we stick with the plan. How long do you think it would take us to reach the castle wall?”
“Assuming we’re trying to not make noise,” Glo responded as he estimated the distance versus the speed they could travel, “I’d say…about 6 minutes.”
“Brundon and I can be there in three,” Seth added.
“That should be enough.” Aksel stroked his chin with his left hand as he mulled things over. 
 “Okay, then here’s what we do”, the strategic-minded gnome began again. “Seth and Brundon go back out and keep a lookout for the next skeleton patrol. Take Raven with you. As soon as they’ve gone by, send her back to us, and we’ll take off for the castle wall. We go as fast as we can while still being quiet. If Glo is right, we should be there in just about 6 minutes. That’ll give us 4 minutes to sneak through the crack and into the tower before the next patrol comes through.”
Glo had been following Aksel’s proposal. He could find no holes in the gnome’s logic. It should work. 
“Sounds like a good plan,” he said aloud.
“Then let’s do it,” Lloyd agreed enthusiastically.
Delgron nodded his head and replied, “Lead on and I will follow.”
Brundon and Seth went back out to look for the next patrol while everyone else remained behind. They took Glo’s familiar with them. A few minutes later, the bird came winging back and landed on Glo’s arm. 
“Nantë desiel,” she said in her small voice. They are ready.
“Let’s go,” Aksel said, urging everyone to move forward.
The party took off toward the keep at a brisk pace. Lloyd had taken out his hammers to minimize the noise they would make in his pack. Delgron did his best to not clank, which was no small task in full plate armor. Nevertheless, the warrior somehow managed to remain relatively quiet during the rush toward the keep. 
About halfway to the ruins, they met up with Seth. The halfling took the lead. The moon was now well up in the sky, and the silvery orb lit up the hilltop almost too well for Glo’s liking. As the keep loomed closer, he mentally kept track of the passing minutes. So far they were making good time. Finally, they made it to the base of the ruins. 
Glo looked upward at the dark outline of the large structure in front of them. He estimated the keep walls to be about 20 feet high. The tower was much taller, maybe four times as high as the walls. Seth ushered them to a spot at the base of the tower. At ground level was the vague outline of a large low crack. Glo gauged the opening to be about 3 feet wide and 2 feet tall--just enough for them to crawl through.
“Seth, you and Brundon go through first and keep a lookout,” Aksel said, the words tumbling from his mouth. Time was of the essence, and they had none to waste. 
“Glo, how much time do we have?” Aksel asked.
“About 3 and a half minutes,” he replied after a momentary pause.
“Then let’s move,” Aksel urged them on. 
Seth was already in the crack, and Brundon was just entering behind him. As soon as the tracker’s legs disappeared, Lloyd got down on the ground and began crawling through. The young man’s long form was soon completely gone.
“Glo. Go next,” Aksel whispered impatiently.
Glo got down flat on the ground. The hole in the wall looked very dark from here. The sides and top were jagged and rough, attesting to the fact that this crack was natural. Glo could barely make out a dim light at the other end of the slender tunnel. He began moving forward on his elbows and knees. It seemed like a tight squeeze, but his thin frame never touched the walls or the ceiling of the small passage. 
When he finally reached the other side, he got up on his knees and surveyed his surroundings. The inside of the tower was mostly dark except for a sliver of light coming through a crack in a doorway to the left. He could barely see the outlines of his companions gathered around him in the dim light. Glo stood up and moved away from the crack.
Behind him he heard Aksel’s voice. He turned and saw a small shadow shoot through the opening and roll to one side. “Glo, how much time?” he heard Aksel voice ask.
“Less than a minute!”
The small shape dropped down in front of the crack and was still for a moment. Glo heard grunting coming from the hole. Before he had a chance to react, Aksel called out frantically, “Lloyd. Quick. Delgron is stuck!” 
The small shadow rolled out of the way as a big form moved forward in front of the hole. Glo also knelt down and tried to see past the large shadow into the crack. He peeked around and could just make out a glint of silver way back in the opening. 
Glo realized that Delgron was only halfway through the hole. His lower half was still outside the wall, the moonlight shining down on his gleaming armor. It would be a dead giveaway to anyone, or anything, passing outside. 
They were out of time. The skeletal patrol would be rounding the corner any second now. The large dark form shifted and completely blocked Glo’s view. A second later, he heard more grunting followed by the sound of metal grinding on stone. 
Lloyd must have grabbed their armor-clad companion and was trying to pull him through the crack. The grinding sound continued along with the sound of the two men straining. There was a loud scraping sound, and the large dark form tumbled backwards away from the hole. A second large shadow came sliding through after it. Delgron was free of the crack.
“Seth, quick,” Aksel’s voice rang out in the darkness. “Check and see if he was spotted.”
A small dark form shot past the other two and dove into the hole. The rest of the company waited breathlessly in the dark, prepared for the worst. It seemed like forever, but only a minute had passed when they heard Seth’s voice coming from the crack. “It’s okay. The patrol just went by. Not sure how, but they didn’t see us.” 
The group collectively breathed a sigh of relief as the small figure came out of the crack and joined them inside the dark tower. Now that they were safe from the patrol, Glo took another look at their surroundings. 
The room was too dark to see much of anything, even for sensitive elven eyes. The only thing visible was the large door hanging halfway open at the south end of the tower. Through it they could see a glimpse of the courtyard beyond.
Aksel, now sounding far calmer, spoke. “Brundon, go check the courtyard. Make sure there is no sign of movement out there."
“Sure thing,” the tracker responded. One of the larger forms around them moved off toward the doorway. The figure disappeared completely from view after a few moments. The group waited in silence until the shadowy form returned a minute later. 
“It all looks quiet,” Brundon said. “There’s nothing moving in the courtyard or the keep from what I could tell. But there are torches in places along the walls, and it will be hard to sneak across if someone is looking.”
“Okay, that could be a problem,” Aksel noted apprehensively. “We need to find another way into the keep.”
There was silence for a few moments. Then Glo had an idea. 
“Brundon, can you go back and close that door?”
“Sure,” came the hesitant reply. The large form disappeared.
“What do you have in mind?” Aksel asked with mild curiosity. 
“I think it's time to shed a little light on the subject," Glo noted.
The south door slowly began moving. It made a slight creaking sound as it swung closed. Without the moonlight, the room turned pitch black. As the rest of the party stood still in the inky darkness, Glo reached into one of the bags at his waist and rummaged through it. 
When he pulled out his hand, he held a mossy material with a slight phosphorescent glow to it. Then he reached out with that hand, touched the end of his staff, and spoke one soft word, “Lux.” The end of his staff began to glow like a torch, shedding bright light in a twenty-foot radius around the little crew. Beyond that, the light dimmed a bit, but it was enough to illuminate the entire room around them. 
The group of adventurers momentarily shaded their eyes as they adjusted to the change in brightness. When they could all see again, everyone began looking around. 
They stood in a wide circular room. Besides the large door to the south, there was a second door on the west side of the room. It hung open, and a stairwell appeared beyond it leading both upwards and downwards. There were no other openings of any kind in the cold stone walls of the tower. The rest of the room was barren, except for some piles of rotted wood, possibly once furniture, against the north side of the circular wall.
“Nice homey place,” Seth noted dryly.
“Hmmm, yes…” Glo nodded absently. He had been hoping for another doorway, one that led toward the keep. Maybe it was on one of the other floors?
“Well,” Aksel interrupted his train of thought, “we have three ways to go: into the courtyard, up to the top of the tower, or down below the tower.”
“There might be a way into the keep down below,” Seth offered, though the look on his face was more skeptical than not.
“Maybe,” Aksel responded as he paced back and forth in the circular room, “or it might just be a dead end. Perhaps it would be better to take our chances crossing the courtyard.”
Glo had begun to envision their chances of sneaking across the courtyard in the bright torchlight without being spotted when he remembered something. “When we were approaching the ruins, I thought I saw a faint greenish light at the top of this tower,” he said aloud. 
“I saw it as well," Brundon confirmed. 
The tracker had seated himself on an old wood pile and was waiting there with his arms folded across his chest for them to decide their next move. Glo nodded to Brundon and then continued. “Well then, if we are planning to cross the courtyard, we should first check the top of the tower. If there is someone or something up there, and we are seen, then they may alert whoever is in the keep."
“Good idea,” Aksel agreed. He had stopped pacing, and his face had taken on a resolute look. “Brundon, can you go and listen by the courtyard door?”
“No problem,” Brundon replied, getting up from his not so comfortable seat and walking over toward the door.
Aksel turned toward Seth and said, "How about going upstairs and scouting out the top of the tower?”
“Sure thing,” Seth nodded. 
He put away the knife he had been absently fingering and headed over to the doorway with the stairwell. He stopped briefly and looked beyond it, first to the left then to the right. The halfling glanced back at the others, winked, and then disappeared through the doorway, beginning his ascent. 
Aksel sent Delgron to guard the door to the courtyard with Brundon and Lloyd to keep an eye out for Seth’s return over at the staircase. Meanwhile, he and Glo discussed their next steps.
“Once Seth is done checking out the top of the tower, we can have him check out the tower basement as well.” Aksel began to pace back and forth. 
“It would be best to know all of our options first,” Glo agreed. He really wasn’t happy about their current situation. With any luck, Seth wouldn’t find anything out of the ordinary atop the tower. He was still hoping for another passage into the keep, but if the top of the tower was vacant, at least they would have half a chance of crossing the courtyard without alerting that wizard. 
Aksel continued his pacing, talking as he moved to and fro. 
“Well, if we are going to get anywhere mapping out this place or finding that scroll, then we are going to have to do something about the rest of these undead.”
“Not to mention the bugbears.”
Aksel paused in his tracks, obviously deep in thought. When he finally spoke, he did not sound very certain. 
“If we can continue to take them on in small groups…then maybe we can get rid of most of them before this wizard Telvar finds out we are here.”
“And when he does?” Glo asked, afraid to say it much louder as if the very utterance of the words would make it come true.
“Hopefully that won’t happen for a while.”
Glo remained skeptical. They were both aware of the danger this dark mage posed. If Telvar was very experienced, they may not be able to stand up to him, even with all of their combined might. There was a very distinct possibility that they could all end up dead--or worse, part of this necromancer’s undead army. 
Glo sighed. There was no help for it. They were in the ruins now and turning back would defeat everything they were striving for. 
“I hope it is as you say, my friend,” he finally replied, his voice heavy with doubt. 
“So do I,” Aksel affirmed, looking back at him with a solemn expression. “So do I.”

Seth reappeared, descending from the upper stairwell. He had been so quiet and the stairwell was so dark that Lloyd missed him until he was almost right in front of the young warrior. 
As the halfling pushed past him into the circular room, Lloyd announced, “Seth’s back,” from his post over at the doorway. 
Everyone gathered around to hear what he had found atop the tower, except Delgron who remained guard at the courtyard door. 
Aksel turned to face his halfling friend. “What took you so long?” 
“Oh, nothing,” Seth answered, giving them his best innocent look. “I just took a little detour on the way up. It turns out there is a second floor to this tower and someone was nice enough to leave this lying around up there for us.” 
As he spoke, he unslung his backpack, opened the top and dumped out the contents onto the floor of the tower room. A distinct clinking sound could be heard as a pile of small circular discs fell to the ground, lying in a haphazard pile. The discs glowed with a golden color by the light of Glo’s staff.
“Gold,” Brundon said as everyone stood around staring at the gleaming mound of burnished currency.
“About 250 coins by my count,” Seth nodded his head slowly.
“Just lying around, huh?” Aksel asked, glancing up from the pile of coins and staring at the halfling suspiciously.
“Well,” Seth replied this time with just a trace of guilt in his voice, “I might have moved around a stone floor tile or two.”
As Aksel sighed heavily, Seth said, “I almost forgot.” He reached into a pocket, pulled out a pouch, and held it out to his gnomish friend. “This is for you.”
Aksel looked quizzically at the bag and then reached out and took it. He slowly loosened the drawstrings, turned the pouch over, and emptied the contents into his small hand. Out dropped a silver-colored ring decorated with a brightly sparkling blue gemstone. Aksel was quite amused by the gift. The corners of his mouth turned up slightly. He finally gave up, and a broad grin broke out across his face. 
“Seth, you are incorrigible.”
“I try my best,” Seth replied glibly.
Aksel turned to Glo and held the ring out to him in the palm of his right hand. 
“Can you tell what this is?”
“I can try,” Glo replied, taking the ring from the outstretched hand. 
He examined it, looking to see if there were any markings or inscriptions on the band, but found nothing. Glo had other resources available to him for identifying the properties of an unknown object. There was a very specific spell in fact for this very thing. It was one of the first spells Amrod taught him because it required deep concentration. First, one had to learn to precisely prepare a concoction which augmented the spell. 
The potion was a mixture of simple table wine, but it had to be stirred with an owl’s feather. Glo at first thought that was some sort of joke, but as it turned out, it was not. The amount of wine had to be exactly five ounces, not a drop more or less. Then it needed to be stirred with a fresh owl’s feather for potency. A preserved feather would also work, but not quite as well. The liquid needed to be stirred slowly, in a clockwise direction exactly fifty times. 
Once all of these preparations were complete, the concoction could be stored in a vial and used for up to fifty days. Anything beyond that, and the potion would lose its potency. Glo held out his hands with the ring and his staff to Aksel. 
“Hold these a moment, please.”
Aksel took the items from him. Glo opened another pouch on his belt and searched through it. He pulled out a small vial with a wine colored liquid in it. That was the last batch he created before leaving home. 
Glo abruptly realized that was almost forty days ago. Still, it was within the prescribed time, so the potion should still work. 
The elven wizard unstoppered the vial and drank the contents. Then he put the vial away and asked for the ring back. He held out his left hand, and Aksel placed the ring on his open palm. Then Glo held his other hand over the item and spoke the single word, “Eandem”. 
A faint glow appeared around the object as the spell unleashed its magic. Glo stood with his eyes closed for a few moments, deep in concentration. Faint images played through his mind as he thought about the ring in his palm. Suddenly a sharp image came into focus. An owl flew by, a single feather dropping from its tail as it continued to wing away. The feather gently floated to the ground and lay at his feet. 
Glo’s eyes snapped open, a wry smile coming to his lips. He grasped the ring with his right hand and held it out to the young gnome. “It is a ring of a feather falling,” he intoned. 
Aksel was delighted with the find. He took the ring and put it on the biggest finger of his right hand. It seemed a little loose, but it stayed on nonetheless as he tugged at it.
“Don’t say I never gave you anything,” Seth told him, his tone thick with envy. 
Glo smiled as he took his staff back. A ring of feather falling would allow Aksel to jump from any height and float harmlessly down to the ground, like a feather. Had Seth known beforehand what the ring was, he might not have given it up so easily.
“So what are we doing with all this,” Brundon asked, pointing at the pile of gold coins on the ground. 
Seth knelt down and grabbed his backpack saying, “I’ll just hold onto these until we have time to divvy them up.” 
As he began to scoop up the gold coins, he looked up and noticed that everyone in the party was staring down at him. 
“What?” Seth cried defensively. “After all, you did name me treasurer!”
Aksel and Glo exchanged a glance. “We did do that, didn’t we?” Aksel sighed.
“Yes, we did indeed,” Glo agreed, not trying to mask the fact that it was a hasty decision that he was now starting to regret. 
Aksel just shrugged his shoulders in response. There was really nothing they could do about it now. Seth hadn’t exactly done anything wrong after all. It was just that the halfling was a bit obsessive when it came to bright shiny objects. Hopefully that would not be their undoing anytime in the near future.
“We might as well get back to business. Seth, did you scout out the top floor like I asked?”
“Sure did,” the halfling replied as he got up off his knees and re-shouldered his pack.
“And?” Aksel asked impatiently.
“There are five skeletons at the top of the tower. Four of them are armed with bows and are scattered around the parapets, looking out over the surrounding countryside. It’s a wonder they didn’t see us when we rushed the tower earlier.”
“What about the fifth one?” Glo asked, curious as to how it was different from the archers.
“Ah, yes. That one,” Seth responded slowly, his face becoming deadly serious. “Therein lies a bit of a problem.” Glo’s brow furrowed as the halfling paused for a moment. “The fifth one seems to be circling around a large cauldron in the middle of the tower. It’s carrying a staff. Oh, and did I mention that it is radiating a green glow a couple of yards in all directions?” 
Glo raised an eyebrow. That sounded like a skeletal mage. He glanced over at Aksel. He was standing there with a wide-eyed expression, probably not too dissimilar to the one on Glo’s own face.
“So…what kind of skeleton is that?” Lloyd asked uncertainly. 
Glo looked at Lloyd and noted the curious expression on the warrior’s face. This was probably something he had never run into before. In fact, neither had he for that matter. He had merely read about them in his father’s library in a volume aptly titled The Book of Undead Monsters. 
“Basically, it’s an undead wizard. The green glow around it is known as a death aura. It is a sphere of negative energy that will harm any living creature that steps inside it. Worse than that, it heals all undead enveloped within it.”
“So let me get this straight. Just getting close to this thing can hurt you?” Brundon interjected, not sounding very thrilled with what he had just heard.
“Yes.”
“Not to mention that it constantly heals itself,” Seth added.
“Whoa,” Lloyd and Brundon both exclaimed simultaneously.
Aksel had been listening to the entire exchange, his hand on his chin, rubbing it back and forth. When he spoke, his words caught Glo completely by surprise. 
“It would probably be best to let our wizard handle this mage.” 
Glo glared at Aksel, not quite believing what he had just heard. Aksel just stared back at him, but everyone else around them sounded quite relieved. Finally, Aksel responded to Glo’s silence. 
“What? After all, magic is your forte.” 
“Wonderful. My first wizard’s duel, and it’s with an undead skeleton.” 
He sighed realizing how childish he was being. Aksel was indeed correct. He was the best equipped out of all of them to handle this evil mage. The real question now was what would he do? While he was lost in thought, the others continued to plan their strategy. Aksel was speaking. 
“Okay, Brundon, if you can wait down here and continue keeping watch at the courtyard door, the rest of us will quietly go upstairs to the top of the tower…”
He halted in mid speech. Glo, roused from his thoughts by his friend’s sudden silence, looked up to see Aksel staring at Seth. The halfling in turn stared at Delgron, a skeptical look on his face. Aksel cleared his throat uncomfortably and continued. 
“Umm, let me amend that. Brundon, you and Delgron wait down here while the rest of us will go upstairs.”
Brundon nodded his head, his face showing his clear understanding of the situation. 
“Not a problem,” he nodded. He gave them a brief smile and said quietly, “Good luck.” Then he walked over to join his friend by the courtyard door.
Aksel shook his head and whispered, “I feel bad about that.”
“Do you want them to hear us coming?” Seth whispered back. 
“No, I guess not,” Aksel agreed, still not sounding completely comfortable. “You are right. Our best bet is stealth until we can get close enough to launch an attack. Then we should distract this skeletal mage. That way Glo can get in a first strike at it.”
“I like the way you think,” Glo nodded approvingly. He would take any advantage he could get against his undead opponent.
The four companions continued their discussion a bit more until they hashed out a plan they all thought would work. Then the foursome bade Brundon and Delgron farewell and began their climb up the tower stairs. 
The stairwell wound up the side of the tower in a narrow space between the inner and outer walls of the tower. It was mostly dark, but light from the outside did stream in at intervals where there were windows in the outside wall. 
Not wanting to be spotted from anyone outside the tower, Glo extinguished his staff, and the group climbed the stairs in relative darkness. Seth led the way, followed by Lloyd, Glo, and finally Aksel. They went slowly, trying to remain as silent as possible. Still, it only took them five minutes to climb the two floors to the top of the tower. 
As they approached the top of the stairwell, moonlight streamed in through the open doorway and illuminated a small landing. The foursome slowly climbed up the rest of the way and spread out around either side of the open door. 
They heard a slight rattling noise coming through the open doorway. Other than that, the night was completely silent. Glo looked around the corner of the door and saw the top of the tower bathed in moonlight. It was just as Seth had described to them previously. 
Four skeletons stood around the parapets at regular intervals, their backs to the door. In the center stood a tall skeleton covered in tattered robes and carrying a gnarled wooden staff. It stood next to a large cauldron, a sickly pale green globe of light surrounding it. 
It was an uncanny sight, the five skeletons standing silently in the darkness, the silvery light of the moon reflecting off the white bones. Their timing could not have been better. The skeletal mage stood in front of the cauldron, its back also toward the door. Thus none of the skeletons were facing their way.
Seth motioned to Lloyd, and the two companions moved out onto the top of the tower. The halfling snuck across the tower top, making his way behind the skeletal archer on the left. 
Meanwhile, Lloyd slowly moved out to the right. The young man kept turning his head back and forth between the skeletal archer on the right and the undead mage the entire time he was moving. 
After what seemed like an eternity, Lloyd stood within striking distance of the nearest skeletal archer. At that point he stopped, hammers poised in either hand. He looked back over his shoulder at the doorway. 
Aksel waited in the doorway and watched until Seth and Lloyd were in position. Glo stood beside him preparing a spell. Aksel raised his hand then dropped it to the ground. 
On that signal, Lloyd spun around and charged. He crashed into his opponent, hammers swinging with bone crunching effect. With two powerful blows, he smashed the creature apart. 
At that same moment, Seth leapt into the air and, with his forward momentum, kicked the archer directly in front of him with both legs. The force of the blow knocked the skeleton over the parapet and off the top of the tower. It went clattering to the ground below and shattered to pieces. 
Seth hit the ground and rolled on his shoulder to his feet. At the first sounds of commotion, all the other skeletons began to whirl around. 
Glo caught these movements with his peripheral vision, since his main focus was the skeletal mage directly in front of him. The skeletal caster also pivoted around and was now facing Lloyd. It raised its staff, boney arms appearing as the sleeves of the cloak around it fell away, and began to cast a spell at the young warrior. 
Glo was one step ahead of the creature; his arm was raised and his fingers were pointed at the undead mage. He spoke a single word and sent a purple missile flying from his fingertips. The projectile careened its way across the intervening space in two seconds and caught the skeletal mage square in the side. 
The skeleton caster was caught by surprise. It reeled from the shock for a moment. However, it recovered far quicker than any of them anticipated. Within seconds, the creature turned toward the door, raised its staff, and sent a stream of green liquid spewing back at the elf wizard. 
Glo and Aksel both saw the greenish spray and threw themselves back behind either side of the doorway. A moment later, the green fluid hit the tower walls causing the stone to hiss and smoke. As the greenish liquid clung to the stone, it started to melt. That was a stream of acid! 
His heart pounding in his chest, Glo stood flattened against the wall of the stairwell. If that had hit either him or Aksel, they would be burnt and writhing on the ground in pain right now. He glanced over at the gnome who was flattened against the wall on the opposite side of the doorway. 
“That was too close!” Aksel cried, his face flushed and his voice high pitched with excitement.
“Agreed,” Glo said, his own voice sounding a bit high strung from his jarred nerves. 
This skeletal mage was far too dangerous to enter into a pitched battle with. Someone was likely to get hurt if he didn’t end this. He needed a spell that would do the job in one shot. The elven wizard began rifling through his memory for such a spell, but only one would come to mind. 
Abruptly the acid stream stopped. Glo assumed the skeletal mage was incanting another spell, but he was determined to strike first. He jumped out from behind the wall and scanned the tower top. 
Sure enough, the skeletal caster was preparing another spell. This time, the mage had turned back to face Lloyd. Whatever it was incanting was about to be unleashed on the young man. 
Glo lifted his hand, pointing his fingers at the tall skeleton, but this time spoke the words Ardens Manus. In response, a cone of searing flame shot forth from the young wizard’s hand and flew toward the skeletal mage. 
The stream of fire engulfed the creature, setting its tattered robes aflame. Unfortunately, the cone of fire also caught the side of the large cauldron beside the creature. There was a sudden spark and then Boom! A huge explosion rocked the tower. A large ball of flame erupted from the cauldron and expanded outward a few yards in all directions. 
The skeletal mage was instantly turned to dust by the fireball. The force of the explosion extended far beyond the ball of flame. It fanned out from the center of the tower, blowing the other two skeletons right off the top of the circular structure. 
Seth and Lloyd’s quick reflexes were all that saved them from a similar fate. Both man and halfling dove for the floor of the tower just in time as the waves of force passed over them. They were buffeted against the parapets but otherwise held on without being blown off. 
Glo was not so lucky. He was hit full in the face by the force of the explosion. Had he been any closer to the blast, he would have been badly injured. As it was, he was thrown back through the doorway and into the stairwell. Glo lay on the landing, momentarily stunned. 
He slowly began to move. He raised himself up on his elbows and looked around. In the center of the tower was a small crater in the stone floor where the cauldron had been. It was surrounded by a huge burn circle, and smoke was still rising from the burnt area. All the skeletons that had been on top of the tower were now gone. 
On either side of the tower top, Lloyd and Seth slowly rose from where they had ducked to avoid being thrown over the sides. Glo sat up further, but his eyes blurred. His head was pounding, and his body felt sore. He blinked a few times, and his vision finally cleared. He checked his arms and legs, but nothing was broken.
“Do you mind?” a voice came from underneath him. He looked down and saw that he was sitting on top of his gnomish friend.
“Sorry, Aksel,” he said, getting up. The swift movement brought another way of dizziness with it. Glo felt a steadying hand grab him. He looked over and saw Lloyd standing next to him, grinning.
“Those were some fireworks!” Lloyd cried, his enthusiasm quite evident in both his voice and facial expression.
 “Yeah, way to go, Glo,” Seth added, his voice laced with sarcasm. “It’s a wonder you didn’t wake the whole keep.”
“Guess there must have been oil in that cauldron,” Glo said, still leaning on Lloyd for support.
“You think?” Seth shot back his voice rising and filled with anger.
“Easy, Seth,” Aksel interjected, his tone very even and calming. “There’s no hope for it now.”
Seth continued to glare at Glo but closed his mouth tight after that.
Aksel turned to Lloyd and asked the large man, “How’s that shoulder?”
Glo looked down and noticed a small hole in the armor of the shoulder that he was leaning on. He realized that one of the archers must have shot Lloyd during the scuffle.
“Its fine,” Lloyd said. “Just a scratch. The arrow barely made it through my armor. I already pulled it out, and it’s not even bleeding.” 
“I’ll check it later just to be on the safe side. Is everyone else alright?” Aksel asked, looking around at all the others.
Glo pushed away from Lloyd. His head was clearer now, and he did not want to lean on the young man’s shoulder any longer, especially if it was wounded. “I’m fine. Just a little sore is all.”
“Okay then. Right now we have bigger problems. Everyone in the keep must have heard that explosion, and we’re sure to have company real soon. We need to get back downstairs as fast as possible.”
“Right,” Lloyd nodded. Without another word, the big warrior took off back into the stairwell, leading the way down the long flight of stairs.
“Warriors,” Seth shook his head in disgust and then took off after the young man.
“Guess we’re running,” Aksel cried as he and Glo both chased after the others.
As they descended the stairs, Glo relit his staff. He wished that his little stunt had not alerted the entire keep, but he knew better. This little “mapping” expedition had become extremely dangerous. He prayed that they all would make it out alive.

Through the Magic Mirror
There was a feeling of disorientation, and the world around him slipped away.
When the four companions reached the first floor, they found Brundon and Delgron doing their best to hold the large door to the courtyard closed. It was rattling fiercely and looked as if it would fall off its hinges any second. Moaning came from the other side of the door.
“What’s out there?” Aksel cried as they hustled over to the two men.
“Zombies. A lot of zombies,” Brundon said between gritted teeth, his back up against the heaving door. “Seven or maybe eight.” 
Zombies. Just great. Skeletons were bad enough. Zombies were altogether worse. They were reanimated corpses, totally mindless and impervious to pain. You could hack at them all day, and they would just keep coming at you. You had to chop them up into little pieces, decapitate them, or burn them into ashes to stop them.
“Let me give you a hand,” Lloyd cried as he ran up to the doorway. He dropped his hammers and moved forward, positioning himself next to Brundon and Delgron. His added weight stopped the entryway from rattling.
“What happened up there?” Brundon asked. “We heard an explosion, and the whole tower rocked.”
“Glo decided it would be fun to blow up a vat of oil,” Seth told him.
“Seriously?” Brundon looked back and forth between Seth and Glo, a mixture of skepticism and uncertainty playing across his face.
“More or less,” Glo admitted, bowing his head as he relived the moment in his mind.
“That’s enough, Seth,” Aksel interrupted. “We need to concentrate on the problem at hand.” 
The halfling continued to smirk but otherwise remained silent. 
“Now then,” Aksel continued, still looking at Seth, “do you think you and Brundon can pull off that rope trick again, but this time across the door?”
“Sure,” Seth nodded. “No problem.” 
He reached into his pack and pulled out a length of rope. He handed one end to Brundon, and the two of them laid out the line a few feet back from the door and positioned themselves on opposite ends of the rope.
“Lloyd, Delgron, when I say three, let the door go and step back behind the rope,” Aksel told the two men. Both warriors nodded their understanding.
Aksel and Glo stepped back a few paces. Then Aksel counted down, “One…two…three!” 
The two warriors let go and backpedaled behind the rope, drawing their weapons. The door rattled violently and then flung open, nearly coming off its hinges. As the door banged into the inside wall of the tower, a group of sickly humanoid creatures came shuffling through the door. The smell of rotted flesh reached Glo’s nose, making him want to retch. 
“Ugh, Zombies stink,” he said aloud, waving the air in front of him with his hand. 
“Agreed,” Aksel reached up with both hands and cupped them over his nose.
The mindless creatures shuffled into the tower room, spied the two warriors and headed straight for them. As they scrambled forward, Seth and Brundon pulled on the rope. It came up taut and the first row of zombies tripped on it and fell face forward to the ground. The undead creatures immediately behind them rushed senselessly onward and fell right on top of their downed comrades. 
The tenacity of these monsters was working in favor of the warriors. They had been so hasty to reach their quarry that their impromptu trap worked. A number of the undead creatures were now tangled in a pile upon the ground. 
Before any zombies could get up, Lloyd dashed in, his blades aflame just like they were when he fought that giant orc in the Bendenwoods. The young warrior sliced away with deft precision at the pile of tangled zombies, the flames from his swords scorching the creatures with each blow. 
Lloyd’s movements were noticeably slower, especially on the left side where he took an arrow earlier. Even so, he still managed to dismember a couple of the creatures before any could get up again.
Delgron, on the other hand, was handling the zombies much better than the skeletons. With a great overhand swing of his longsword, he cleaved a monster right down the middle. 
Yet even though a few of the undead creatures were destroyed, there were still more of them on the ground. As those zombies began to rise, a couple more of the monsters shambled in from the outside courtyard. Heedless of their brethren, these new zombies climbed over the others, pushing them back down again. 
Lloyd and Delgron met this new charge with their swords swinging in savage arcs that cut deeply into the mindless monsters. The zombies fought back fiercely, and the two warriors found themselves at a stalemate against the advancing tide. Worse, the undead creatures on the ground were beginning to regain their footing as well. 
Glo became very concerned about the two men. They were seconds away from being surrounded by the unrelenting monsters. The elven wizard began to prepare a spell to help them out, but he had cast so many spells this day that his mind was getting tired and his concentration was beginning to wane. 
That’s when Seth and Brundon entered the fray. Seth flew through the air, slamming into the nearest zombie with both feet. It was knocked off balance and went stumbling into the other creatures. Brundon had out his sword and was hacking away at another of the monsters from behind.
Glo paused in mid spell-cast; his attention was caught by a sudden number of rapid movements. It was Lloyd. The warrior stood in the middle of battle, his arms moving in swift, intricate motions, almost too fast to follow. A look of deep concentration was on his face. 
The entire display lasted for only a second, then the flames on the young man’s blades winked out, and Lloyd leapt forward through the air with blinding speed. He was now behind the zombies, and with two incredible slices, he lopped off first one and then the other creature’s head. The bodies twitched for a few moments then lay still on the ground. 
Glo stood watching in awe. That was one of the most incredible physical displays he had ever seen. It was almost superhuman. The young elf made a mental note to talk more with Lloyd about spiritblades when this was all over. 
Seth knocked over another zombie with a mid-air kick while Delgron and Brundon continued to hack away with their swords. Then Lloyd joined in, and the whole thing was over in less than a minute. Every last zombie lay on the ground in a still stack of undead bodies. 
They had all just stepped back to catch their breath when Glo felt a sudden wave of panic wash over him. It was his familiar. 
“We’ve got trouble,” he said aloud. “I sent Raven aloft to watch the ruins, and something has her spooked.”
Just then, they heard shouting and growling out in the courtyard. Seth cocked his head to listen for a few moments. 
“Sounds like whatever it is, it’s coming this way.”
"I think it’s time we retreat,” Aksel declared. “We need to heal up and recover. Another battle and someone might get hurt beyond the point where I can fix it.”
“And just where do we retreat to? There are still skeletons patrolling outside the keep, and if we go back up the tower, they’ll corner us for certain,” Glo pointed out anxiously. 
“Then our only option is to go down,” Aksel stated as if that answer should have been obvious to everyone. 
Down? But they hadn't even had a chance to check out the basement yet.
“Better hope that’s not a dead end, too,” Seth commented, making it quite plain that he was not thrilled with the idea either.
There were more noises out in the courtyard, and the growling was getting closer.
“I suggest we move quickly, gentlemen,” Aksel urged, backing up and ushering them with both hands toward the stairwell.
Guess we have no other choice, Glo mused as he began to move toward the stairs.
The rest of the group followed, reluctantly at first, but as the growling became progressively louder, they all began to hurry. Leaving the pile of zombies blocking the doorway to the courtyard, the entire company filed into the stairwell. 
Seth and Brundon led the way downstairs. Glo followed with his staff lighting the way for them down the dark stairwell. Next came Aksel then Delgron and Lloyd. The two warriors were keeping a sharp eye out for any pursuit. 
At the bottom of the stairwell they found a single door. It was locked, but Seth was able to pick it. The door creaked as it swung open, exposing a circular room not dissimilar to the one above. The major difference was the dank smell and the piles of old rotten wooden crates and barrels that were stored here. 
Glo stepped in behind Seth and Brundon, lighting the entire room. They scanned it, but there were no other obvious exits.
 “I’m not seeing any other doorways down here,” Brundon observed with a slight edge to his voice as he moved farther out into the room.
“Seth. Quickly. Search the walls,” Aksel cried in a half hushed voice. Then he spun around. “Lloyd. Delgron. Set up on either side of the door. Worst case we catch them coming through and bottleneck the doorway.” 
The two warriors nodded their understanding and set up as Aksel had told them. Glo meanwhile moved toward the center of the room, trying to spread his light as far as possible around the circular area. 
Seth had rushed forward and was scouring the walls of the room, knocking on walls and feeling for any airflow between large mortar blocks that made up the walls in this basement. Brundon, after observing Seth for a few moments, began to do the same thing on the opposite side of the room. As the duo continued their hurried search, they heard growling and shouting coming down the stairwell from above.
Aksel turned to look at Glo. “Can you make out what they’re saying?”
Glo had been listening, his keen hearing picking up most of the conversation coming from above. “They found the zombie bodies,” he reported to his companions. 
Everyone else went silent, allowing Glo to clearly hear the noises floating down the stairs. As he continued to listen to the growling language, he gasped, his eyes going wide.
"What is it?" Aksel asked, a look of alarm crossing his face.
“They're splitting up. Some are headed upstairs...and some are coming down here…”
“Seth…Hurry...” Aksel’s voice was filled with an extreme sense of urgency.
“I’m going...as fast as I…” the halfling began, then paused. He was stopped at a section of wall on the south side of the tower. “I found something!” he announced.
"What is it?" Aksel asked, anxiously moving forward to stand next to Glo.
"There's definitely a blank space behind this wall," Seth replied as he continued to scan the wall feverishly.
Aksel spun around and cried, “Lloyd. Quick. Shut the door behind us!”
Lloyd stared back at Aksel for a split second then proceeded to push the heavy door shut. Delgron picked up a half rotted barrel and placed it behind the door. 
As the two warriors continued to stack up some old crates on top of the barrel, Aksel started backing up toward Seth. When the duo had piled two more crates on top, Aksel cried, "That's good enough. Now come over here." 
As they rushed across the floor, they heard heavy footsteps coming down the stairwell. Lloyd and Delgron stood behind the others, weapons raised, facing the closed basement door.
Aksel spun around toward Seth, who was working his small hands intently around a specific stone in the wall.
"Seth. Open it now please,” Aksel said between clenched teeth.
“Just a minute,” the halfling responded, not taking his eyes off the brick he was trying to move.
“We don’t have a minute,” Aksel exclaimed frantically.
The heavy footsteps had stopped just outside the basement door, and an eerie silence hung over the room for a few seconds. 
“Got it,” Seth hissed triumphantly. There was an audible click, and a section of the wall slid open.
Loud growling could be heard outside the basement door, and something had begun to push inward on it. 
Everyone piled into the open space behind the wall; Lloyd and Delgron were last. The two big men grabbed the open section of wall and, together, pushed the sliding door closed behind them with a quiet thud. 
Through the now closed wall, the companions heard a loud smashing sound followed by heavy footsteps in the room they had just exited. Excited grunts and growls accompanied the noise of heavy trampling feet moving around the basement.
“What are they saying?” Aksel whispered to Glo.
Glo listened for a good half minute, trying to catch the gist of the bugbear speech. The creatures were extremely excited, and thus hard to follow. Finally, he knelt down next to Aksel and whispered back, "They don’t know what to think. It sounds like they’re scared."
Glo continued listening to the bugbear's conversation. The grunts and growls continued as the creatures rummaged through the room. By the sound of it, they must have been overturning every barrel and crate in the circular basement. 
This went on for a few minutes, while the small company waited behind the wall. Finally, the sounds stopped, and the heavy footsteps receded. They waited another minute or two afterwards, but the basement room remained silent.
"Phew," Brundon could be heard sighing heavily. "That was close."
"Agreed," Aksel said from beside Glo. "Any idea what all that grunting and groaning was about?"
"I caught some of it," Glo admitted. "If I heard right, not only did they find the pile of zombies, but also the crater at the top of the tower, as well as the skeletons that got blown off the side."
"And who do they think is responsible for all that?" Brundon asked, sounding somewhat awed at all the carnage they had wreaked.
"That's the strange part," Glo responded quietly as he stood up from where he had been kneeling for the last few minutes. "They seem to think that they were attacked by a large powerful warrior with some kind of huge flaming sword.” 
“That sounds like Lloyd alright. Although the flaming part could also be you, Glo,” Seth chuckled wickedly.
“Yeah, yeah, enough with the fire jokes already,” Glo grumbled irritably. Once the halfling found something funny, there was obviously no letting it go.
Aksel stepped in to get everyone back on track. “So then, shall we find out where we are?”
"Certainly," Glo replied. He pulled out a piece of glowing material from his bag, touched the end of his staff, and said the word Lux. 
The tip of the staff began to glow brightly, lighting the area they were in. It took a few moments for their eyes to adjust, but as soon as they did, they found that they were in a long, wide corridor. The walls were of smooth stone, making it obvious that the passage was built rather than occurring naturally. It was impossible to tell how far it went, as even with the wizard’s light, it was hard to see very far down the hall.
 “Seth, care to scout out ahead?” Aksel asked their stealthy little friend.
“Sure,” the halfling replied casually. He slowly moved out into the passageway and disappeared from sight. 
The other’s stood and waited in silence for Seth to return. Glo noted that although the corridor was cool, it was not as musty as the tower basement. He touched the walls and noticed they were smooth and dry. Five minutes later, Seth returned. 
“The corridor only goes about 100 steps and then dead ends into a wall. I think there is another door hidden in the wall, but it will be hard to find without more light.”
“Okay then, let’s have a look, shall we?” Aksel declared.
Seth led them down to the other end of the corridor. He searched by the light of Glo’s staff and found another secret door, just as he thought. After listening cautiously at the door, Seth pulled the hidden lever he found, and the wall slid open. 
Glo stepped forward with his staff. The room on the other side of the door looked like another basement. Based on the direction and the distance they had just traveled, they realized it must be below the main keep. 
The entire company was tired and worn out from the events of the day and evening. Therefore, the group unanimously decided to close the door and remain in the secret corridor for the rest of the night. It seemed like a good place to hide in case any search parties were still looking for them. 
While they waited, Aksel healed Lloyd. The young man had been punctured with an arrow and then bruised from the explosion and the zombie attack. Once Lloyd was fully healed, the little cleric took a look at Glo and Seth, both of whom were buffeted by the blast at the top of the tower. With everyone healed, the companions lay down to rest until morning, while Brundon stood the first watch.

Eight hours had passed when Glo heard Seth nudging the others awake. He was able to accurately track the passage of time since he was not asleep but had merely been resting in the manner of elves. 
Glo opened his eyes. The long corridor was lit on either side with torches that they had found on the walls. The sconces were placed at regular intervals along the passageway. They had lit the two at this end of the corridor once they bedded down for the night since Glo’s staff only remained lit for a few minutes at a time. He now watched as Aksel began to move around in the warm glow of the flickering torchlight. 
The little cleric checked on the rest of the party, but despite sleeping on the hard stone floor in the cool corridor, everyone was surprisingly well rested. Glo attributed this to the fact that they were all exhausted after the numerous encounters and battles of the previous day. 
Glo reflected a bit more on the prior day’s events. He was impressed at how well they had all worked together. Aksel turned out to be quite a clever strategist. Lloyd and Delgron were formidable warriors, but the younger man astounded him with some of the things he could do in battle. Seth was amazingly versatile and proved himself invaluable both in and out of battle. Even Brundon, about whom Glo originally had doubts, was an accomplished guide and tracker. 
Out of all of them, Glo felt that he was the weakest link. Thank the gods he did not freeze up this time. That fiasco at the top of the tower could have gotten them all killed. He should not have let his emotions get the best of him. Glo panicked and made a hasty spell selection, not weighing all of the potential consequences of his actions. 
That was the last time, Glo vowed to himself. From now on he was going to think things through. He was done letting his feelings rule him and spur him into making rash decisions. With that resolution in mind, the young elf got up and packed away his blankets. Then he went to join the others who had already gathered at the door to the basement of the keep.
 “Glo, have you had any contact with your familiar?” Aksel asked him as he strode up to the rest of the group.
Glo hesitated for a moment. Come to think of it, he had not.
“No, actually,” he told the little cleric. He closed his eyes and reached out with his mind to make that tenuous contact with Raven. It only took a few seconds, and he was able to establish the empathic link he had with her. With his eyes still closed, he responded to Aksel’s initial question. “Raven is fairly calm right now. I think it’s safe to say that things have quieted down outside.”
Seth had his ear up to the secret door that led to the basement. “Well, all sounds quiet out there, too.”
Aksel hesitated a moment, weighing everything in his mind. When he spoke, he sounded rather decisive. “Then let’s go.” 
Brundon grabbed two fresh torches from their perches on the wall. He lit them and put out the other two they used overnight. Then he walked over and handed one to Aksel while keeping the other for himself. 
Seth pulled the lever to open the secret door, and the section of wall slid aside, revealing the basement beyond. They discovered that this was another hallway that traveled perpendicular to the one they were in. 
“Seth…” Aksel began.
“Already on it,” the halfling replied as he stealthily moved out into the darkness.
They all waited quietly in the hidden passage for Seth’s return. Glo spent the time trying to get further impressions from his familiar, but the bird remained calm. 
That was a good sign, the wizard thought. 
After a few minutes, Seth reappeared. 
“All clear,” he reported. “I scouted up and down this passage. Both ends lead to rooms. There was no sign of anyone or anything in either. The room to the left is kind of interesting though.”
“How so?” Aksel asked, his face taking on a curious look.
“It’s some kind of storage area. There’s lots of stuff in there covered with sheets.”
“That does sound interesting. Let’s check it out.”
The group moved out into the next corridor, and Seth closed the hidden door behind them. The rest of the company followed him down the hallway. They took up what was becoming a familiar order. Lloyd and Brundon trailed behind the halfling and then came Aksel and Glo. Delgron brought up the rear. 
They went through an open door and entered the room Seth had described. As Brundon and Aksel fanned out with the torches, Glo could see that it was a large area, maybe as large as the common room in the Dying Minotaur. There were dozens of large objects all throughout the room covered with white sheets. 
Everyone began searching around, lifting the sheets to see what was under them. It turned out to be primarily old furniture. Yet it was all in pristine condition. 
Seth and Lloyd pulled the sheet off of one long rectangular shape. The halfling let out a low whistle, and Glo turned to see what it was. The two companions stood at either end of a luxurious, ornate couch. Seth walked forward and plopped himself down, sinking deep into the plush cushions.
“Oooo, this is comfy,” he exclaimed his face taking on a dreamy look as he lay back and closed his eyes. Suddenly they popped back open. He turned to Lloyd and said, “You have to try this!”
The young man moved forward and tentatively pushed down on the lush sofa with his hand. “Seems nice,” he commented with an uncertain look on his face.
“Well then…sit,” Seth cried spreading both hands to either side of him to emphasize all of the empty seating that was still available on the long couch.
“Kind of hard to do with these on,” the big man responded with an ironic tone in his voice as he pointed to the two swords sticking out of the scabbards on his back.
“Your loss,” Seth shrugged as if it didn’t matter to him, though there was a trace of irritability in his tone. The reclining halfling began to look around at the others until his eyes finally settled on Glo. 
“Glo? How about you?”
“No, I’m just fine,” Glo replied with thinly veiled amusement. Seth was so unpredictable. Glo would never have suspected the halfling would be so enthralled by a piece of furniture. That was part of what made so Seth interesting. One never knew what to expect from him next.
“You don’t know what you’re missing,” Seth said as enticingly as possible.
“Yes, yes, that’s all well and fine,” Aksel interrupted, a hint of irritation in his voice. “Now can we get back to our exploring?”
“Sure,” Seth replied, making no effort to move, “but when we are done here, I’m taking this couch back with us.”
“If you can carry it,” Aksel responded indifferently as he scanned the room with his eyes, his attention obviously elsewhere. 
“Oh, I’ll find a way,” the halfling declared as he reluctantly got up from his comfortable seat. He slowly moved away from the “heavenly” couch and rejoined the others in searching the large room.
Glo looked around to see if he could find anything out of the ordinary or any indication of another way out of the room. 
Abruptly he heard Lloyd say, “I wonder what this is doing here.” 
Glo turned to see the young man standing in front of a plain, full length mirror. The warrior had a strange trancelike look on his face and was stretching his hand forward to touch it. If the mirror was magic… but his thought was interrupted by Aksel crying out. 
“Lloyd! Don’t…” 
It was already too late. The young man already touched the mirror. The plain glass responded to the contact by eliciting a strange glow. It was a dull shine at first, radiating from the center of the glass. Then, with frightening speed, light burst from the mirror and engulfed the large man. 
Lloyd tried to step back, but it all happened too fast. The light from the mirror became so bright that Glo and Aksel had to shield their eyes. It was only for a few seconds, but when they could finally see again, Lloyd was gone! 
The rest of the group all stopped what they were doing and ran up to where their friend had just been. Everyone stared at the reflective glass, unsure of what to do next.
“Where did he go?” Brundon finally asked, a pensive look on his face as he looked around the room for any sign of the missing warrior.
“The mirror is magical,” Glo explained slowly. “It teleported him to another location.” 
Glo was all too familiar with magic mirrors. His father had a set of them back home. One was in their lab, and the other was in his mother and father’s room. 
When Glo was young, he would constantly sneak into his father’s lab by using the mirror. That is until Amrod caught him in the lab one day when he wasn’t supposed to be there. After that, his father placed a magical password on the mirrors. Glo was effectively “locked out” from the lab after that until he began his studies with Amrod some years later.
“Is there any way to know where he went?” Brundon asked, bringing Glo’s thoughts back to the present. 
Glo considered the question for a few moments before responding. “Well…the way these items tend to work, it would be linked to a second mirror. It is typically not a long-range transportation spell, so I’d wager it is somewhere else in the keep. The real problem is that there is really no way to tell exactly where this mirror leads without going through ourselves.”
“I don’t think we have much choice,” Aksel decided quickly, his voice pensive and a worried look on his face. “Lloyd is very capable, but if he is surrounded by bugbears and undead, he could be in more trouble than even he can handle.”
“Or worse, facing that dark mage,” Glo added anxiously.
“Yes,” Aksel agreed immediately, his worried look changing to one of deep concern. “Okay, then. We’ll go through. If Lloyd is in trouble, we’ll try to help him out.” 
He turned to the Seth and Brundon. “But I think it might be better if you two stay here.” 
The halfling raised an eyebrow but said nothing. Brundon looked extremely uncomfortable with the idea of staying behind. “But…” he started to reply, but Aksel immediately cut him off. 
“Listen, you two are the only ones who can move around this place undetected. If we don’t reappear within the next half hour, then you may be our only hope. You’ll have to come and find us.”
“No problem,” Seth replied confidently.
“Will do,” Brundon agreed, though his reluctance was still quite plain.
Delgron stepped forward and said, “I’ll go first.” 
The young gnome nodded and smiled at the brave warrior. 
Delgron drew his sword, then walked up, reached out and touched the mirror. The glass flashed to life and the others needed to shield their eyes. When they could see again, Delgron, like Lloyd, was gone. 
Glo walked up to the mirror next. He had done this many times before at home, but this was different. He had no idea where he would end up this time. Still Lloyd was his friend, and Delgron was a brave man. 
Glo momentarily studied his reflection, but it did not seem inclined to give him the answers he needed. He steeled his resolve and reached out and touched the glass. It was cool at first, but it warmed as he made contact. He closed his eyes as the mirror became too bright. Then there was a feeling of disorientation, and the world around him slipped away.

As the others looked on, Glo also disappeared. While they waited for the flash to die down, Aksel worried about those who had already gone through. The young gnome felt responsible for all of them. He had assumed the implicit role of leader for the group. 
This was not something new for him. Since he was a very young gnome, Aksel had a knack for seeing the big picture. He could assess a situation and determine the most straightforward way to reach his goal. 
Aksel’s parents had been the same way from what little he could remember. He had vague recollections of doing puzzles and solving problems with both his mom and dad. They had sharp minds and encouraged Aksel to develop his cognitive skills at a very young age. 
Later when the clerics took him in, his mind was put to work organizing the church’s fundraisers. Within a few years, Aksel found himself in charge of every event that was thrown at the Temple of Aurl Berlglowr. He was a born leader, and the clerics had recognized and encouraged that skill. 
In the last few days when they had begun looking for work, Aksel had naturally fallen into the leadership role. With that role came responsibilities, and one of those responsibilities was the well-being of all his companions. It was something that Aksel took very seriously. They had put their trust in his abilities these last couple of days. He would NOT fail them. 
With that thought in mind, the young gnome stepped forward and reached out to touch the mirror. The glass flashed in response, and he felt the same disorientation that the others had experienced. 
As the world solidified around him, Aksel looked around. He was now in a small square room. The space was filled with three old wooden tables pushed against two walls. The tabletops were covered with glass vials, metal pots, open books and scattered parchments. 
Against a second wall were three large bookshelves rising from the floor all the way to the ceiling. The shelves were lined with books of various sizes and different colored bindings. Across the room from where he entered was a heavy iron-bound wooden door. 
The sturdy looking door stood closed at the moment. As the little cleric continued to scan the room, he noted a glass pane window to his left. The rays of the early morning sun were streaming through the glass and lit up the small room. A quick glance behind the cleric confirmed there was another full length mirror against the wall just like the one in the basement. 
Lloyd, Delgron, and Glo were all there. The wizard was examining some open books and parchments on one of the tables. Lloyd was hovering over a second table peering at all the vials and metal pots on it. Delgron just stood where he was next to Aksel, staring around the room with an awed look on his face.
“What is this place?” the warrior asked in a hushed voice.
“It’s a wizard’s lab,” Lloyd replied as he lifted the lid off a pot on one table and sniffed the contents within. He wrinkled his nose and said, “Yuck” replacing the lid. Glo looked up from his books and over at Lloyd. 
“How did you know that?” he asked the young man with obvious puzzlement.
“My mom has one just like it at home. Although…hers is quite a bit bigger…and…a lot less messy.”
“Your mother’s a wizard?” Aksel asked, quite surprised at this sudden revelation.
“Yeah,” Lloyd replied offhandedly. “Did I forget to mention that?”
“Yes,” Glo told him rather emphatically, “you most certainly did.”
“Sorry,” the young man replied. 
As they stood there gaping at him, the young man continued to smile then finally went back to scrounging around the table in front of him. Aksel glanced over at Glo. The elf cocked an eyebrow, but otherwise said nothing. Aksel shook his head in response. 
So Lloyd’s mother is a wizard. He found that very interesting. Lloyd had talked a bit about his father and his brother and sister, but he never mentioned his mother before. He wondered what else they did not know about this extraordinary young man. 
“If this is a lab, then it probably belongs to that wizard Telvar,” Aksel mused aloud. “And since it has a window, I would hazard a guess that we are at the top of the keep.” 
He walked over to the windowpane and peeked out. The sun was brighter than he expected, and Aksel blinked his eyes a few times until they adjusted. Within a few seconds he was able to look out the window. 
“Yep, as I suspected we are high up in the keep. I can see the courtyard below, and the tower to the left.” Aksel stood up on his toes to get a better look at the courtyard. He scanned the area below, but it was deserted at the moment. 
Turning away from the window, he scanned the books on the shelves. “Well, since we have the place to ourselves, we might as well take advantage of it.” As he walked toward the bookshelves, Aksel reasoned that some precautions might be in order. It was always best to be prepared for the worst he had learned in his short life. Then if things did not turn out that way, it would be a pleasant surprise. 
“Delgron, can you go listen at the door for sounds of anyone coming?’
“Certainly,” the warrior nodded as he began to move over toward the door.
“And Lloyd, can you keep an eye on the courtyard?”
The young man placed the lid on the latest pot he was investigating and turned around. “Sure thing,” Lloyd replied as he walked over to the windowpane. He stopped in front of it and began to gaze outside. 
While the two warriors stood guard, Aksel and Glo scoured the books and parchments on the table and the bookshelves. There were numerous books on various subjects and Aksel knew that even with the two of them, it would take hours to go through them all. 
The young gnome reached up and pulled a black bound book off the shelf. He began leafing through it and soon realized it was a book describing how to create undead. He was repelled by the offensive subject. It was against everything he had been taught as a gnome of faith. His first desire was to torch the blasphemous text, but he rejected the idea realizing that to do so would alert Telvar that someone had been in his lab. 
Aksel slammed closed the book and shoved it back on the shelf where he found it. Then he ran his hands over some other texts until he found another one that looked less offensive. He removed it from the shelf, opened it carefully, and began to peruse its contents. 
The duo continued to search through the books for almost half an hour until Lloyd said, “Uh-oh” from his perch at the window.
“What is it?” Aksel spun around to look at the young warrior.
“I think I see that wizard. There’s a man in robes below walking across the courtyard. He just came out of the tower and looks to be headed toward the keep.”
“Do you think he’s coming here?” Delgron asked his voice betraying a trace of apprehension.
“If he’s anything like my father,” Glo noted slowly, “then he probably lives in his lab, forgetting to eat most of the time, or even sleep.”
“My mom’s the same way,” Lloyd concurred nodding his head. “She would spend weeks at a time in her lab. I think Dad had her inducted into the navy just to get her away from her books and potions. But then she had a lab built on their vessel.”
“Your mom has a lab on a navy ship?” Glo asked, his voice rising an octave.
Lloyd grinned in response. “Yeah. It drives my dad crazy.”
Aksel looked at Lloyd and then at Glo. The wizard was staring at the young man with his mouth agape. Glo turned to look at Aksel, his expression one of total disbelief. 
His own face must have mirrored the elf’s, Aksel realized. Lloyd’s family was possibly the most eccentric he had ever heard of, and Aksel knew eccentric. 
His own family had been composed of adventurers and historians searching the world for artifacts and the like. Most of them vanished on such journeys, including his parents. Aksel still had his suspicions about all those disappearances, but this was not the time or the place to think about that. 
Glo and Lloyd were right. This Telvar was probably on his way back to the very lab they were currently in.
“I think that’s our cue to leave,” Aksel declared putting the book in his hand back on the shelf. “Leave everything as it was. No sense announcing to anyone that we were in here.” 
As he turned and began walking toward the door, Delgron stepped back from it and held up one large hand.
“What now?” Aksel asked in a hushed voice.
“I think its more bugbears,” Delgron exclaimed quietly. “I heard grunts and growls on the other side of the door. They were getting louder, so I figure they are headed this way.”
“Delgron and I can handle them,” Lloyd declared assuredly as he walked forward his hands reaching for his swords.
Aksel’s held up his hand to halt the eager warrior. His mind raced as he thought over the possibilities, but every scenario he could think of ended up bad for them. 
“No,” he responded after a few seconds. “It might take too long and then Telvar would be here. I want to avoid him as long as possible.” 
Lloyd’s face was filled with disappointment so Aksel decided to explain a bit further. “Please understand, Lloyd. It’s not that I don’t think you could handle a few bugbears. It’s just that this dark wizard might be more powerful than our friend Glo here.” 
The young warrior still looked uncertain so Aksel continued with his explanation. “The truth is we just don’t know how powerful this mage is. So our best course of action is to take out all his followers first. Then, I promise you, we’ll take him on.”
Lloyd looked a bit happier after that and even managed a wry smile. “Okay,” he said simply.
“That leaves us with only one other option then,” Glo observed anxiously. “We go back through the mirror.”
Aksel looked at the wizard, noting the worried expression on his face. Glo was right; that was their only choice. It was risky. There was no guarantee that this mirror would take them back to the original one. Each mirror had its own transport spell, and this one could be linked to an entirely different place, but it was a chance they would have to take.
“Very well, let’s go,” Aksel declared, doing his best to keep his voice even and mask his own concerns.
The four of them all hurried over to the magic glass and filed through, disappearing from the room. In their rush to leave they had managed to forget their original instructions. Half an hour had passed since they parted from the others. 

Less than a minute later, Seth appeared in the room. The halfling scanned the room and realized it was some kind of lab. He turned in time to see Brundon appear out of the mirror behind him. 
“Where is everyone?” Brundon asked cautiously surveying the area. 
Seth shook his head uncertainly. He turned to look at the lab. It probably belonged to that wizard the bugbear told them about. It was also not the best place to be in the keep if one wanted to avoid the dark mage. 
Seth was about to say as much to Brundon when the wooden door across the room from them burst open. An older man wearing black robes strode in. His dark eyes searched the room and focused on the two of them. Then he raised his hands and began casting a spell.
“Quick, back through the mirror!” Seth yelled to Brundon as he turned and dove toward the magic glass in one fluid movement. 
As he reached for the glass, he turned his head to see if Brundon was following him, but before he could catch a glimpse of him, the world dissolved around him. Seth experienced the disorientation of traveling through the magic mirror then rematerialized. 
He found himself in a small room. Three of the walls were made of stone block, while the fourth wall, directly in front of him, was made strictly of bars with a barred door inset in it. A corridor lay beyond the bars with a pair of lit torches against the walls at the other end. The rest of the passageway looked to be lined with cells similar to this one. 
Lloyd and Delgron were at the door to this cell pushing against it with all their strength, but the combined might of the two large warriors was not budging the stubborn gate. Leaning against the wall to his right, Seth spied both Glo and Aksel.
“Nice of you to drop in,” the gnome said his face emotionless. Seth detected a trace of frustration in his voice.
“Yeah, nice to see you, too,” he responded dryly. “Wish the circumstances were better,” he added as he spun around and looked at the mirror he had just came through. It was full length just like the other two, but the glass was dark in this glass with no apparent reflection.
“It’s a one way mirror,” Glo informed him before he even uttered a word. “You can travel to it from another mirror, but you can’t actively use it to go anywhere else.”
“So we’re not getting out that way,” Seth finished the thought.
“Nope,” Aksel agreed curtly, folding his arms across his chest.
“Wait. Where’s Brundon?” Delgron asked, turning away from the cell door he had been pushing against.
Seth had gotten so sidetrack with finding everyone else that he had completely forgot about Brundon. He turned around to face the waiting warrior and noted the anxious look on his face. A guilty feeling washed over him as he tried to explain what happened. 
“He was right next to me when that wizard burst in on us. As soon as he found us, he began to cast a spell…” 
Seth paused as the expression on Delgron’s face went from nervous to scared. Really feeling guilty now, Seth tried to explain the rest. 
“I told him to jump back through the mirror…and then dove through it myself. I guess he didn’t make it,” Seth said the last almost too soft to hear. 
As Seth watched the panic set in on Delgron’s face, he reviewed what happened in his mind. But no matter how he looked at it, there was really nothing he could have done differently. He could not have stopped the wizard and staying there would have only gotten them both caught…or worse. 
Seth really had expected Brundon to be right behind him. He had proven himself to be quite quick and agile, not as fast as Seth was perhaps, but quick nonetheless.
“I just hope he’s okay,” Delgron said, his face gone ashen.
Lloyd stepped over to him and placed a comforting hand on his shoulder.
“I’m sure he is,” Aksel said reassuringly. “Telvar is probably more curious than anything else right now. He’ll want to know more about us before he decides to do anything.”
“And he must know where that mirror in his lab leads,” Glo added encouragingly. “He probably thinks he’s got any other intruders safely tucked away for the moment. So he’s got no reason to harm Brundon. That should buy us at least a little time.”
Seth looked back toward Delgron and nodded his agreement with the other two. 
Delgron still looked uncertain, but instead said, “Thanks for your concern, everyone. Brundon is like a brother to me. I would hate to think that something has happened to him.”
“Well then,” Seth said as cheerfully as possible, “let’s make certain that it doesn’t.” 
This was a jail they were in after all, and the weakest part of any cell was always the lock, and Seth knew how to handle locks. Lock picking, in fact, was one of the few useful things he had learned from his family. Seth had the displeasure of growing up surrounded by thieves. In fact, he learned to pick his first lock when he was only five. 
At the time, Seth thought it was all a game. By the time he was ten, he could unlock any door and most safes. It was not until he was in his teens that he figured out that it was more than just a pastime; it was the family business. 
As all this ran through his head, Seth walked toward the cell door. Lloyd and Delgron moved aside so that he could get through. Quickly inspecting the locking mechanism on the door, Seth found that it was a standard pin-tumbler lock. It might take him a couple of seconds to fiddle with the pins, but he knew he could open it in less than a minute.
“So, who wants to get out of here?” Seth asked as he tinkered with the lock. 
He wrestled with it all of ten seconds when the tumblers clicked into place. The halfling made a big show of pushing the cell door open with a single hand, something the two big warriors could not do with their combined strength just a minute ago. 
“Child’s play,” he announced as he walked through the door. 
Inwardly Seth was quite pleased with himself. He partly felt the need to make up for leaving Brundon behind, but he also found it quite gratifying when he could do things no one else in their party could. 
Perhaps on some level it validated his membership in the group. After all, Lloyd and Delgron where warriors, and their roles were pretty clear: bash heads and protect everyone else. Glo was a wizard and could cast all kinds of spells. He might not always make the best choices, nonetheless he was very effective. And Aksel was the healer of the party; his role was extremely obvious. Even Brundon had his own niche--wilderness guide and tracker. So, when they got into a situation where Seth’s skills were needed, he felt compelled to emphasize the point. 
The little company exited out of the jail cell and into the short corridor between the other cells. Seth led the way, moving quietly down the hall. As they passed by the other cells, Seth noted they were all empty, except for assorted skeletons. Thankfully, these were not moving. 
The group reached a closed door at the other end of the hall. Seth put his ear up to it and listened. There was a sound coming from the other side of the door. It was rhythmic in nature, and he knew he heard it before. A broad grin crossed his face when he realized what it was.
 “What do you hear?” Aksel asked.
“Snoring,” Seth replied with thinly veiled amusement.
Aksel raised an eyebrow then waved everyone back down the corridor. There he laid out a plan. Seth would unlock the door and pull it open. Lloyd would then charge through followed by Delgron. The warriors would take out the sleeping guardsman, or guardsmen, before they could fully wake up. Glo would go through next, just in case there were more than a couple of guards and the two men needed magical support. 
They followed the plan, and it went smoothly. Seth had the door opened in a few seconds, and Lloyd and Delgron were through. On the other side was a small room with a round table in the center and some chairs around it. In two of the chairs sat sleeping bugbear guards. They were taken completely unaware and were dispatched. Neither guard even had a chance to cry out. 
Seth spied another door on the other side of the room. He went over to check it, but this one was not locked. He opened it and led the way as the group moved swiftly into another hall. This passageway was well lit with flaming torches along the walls at regular intervals. Like the other corridors they found, it was made of smooth chiseled stone block on a flat stone slab floor. 
They had only traveled a short way when he saw a junction up ahead. As they approached the intersection, Seth heard movement coming from the cross hallway. He motioned for the others to stay still and stealthily crept to the junction. The halfling peeked around the corner and spied one lone bugbear guard patrolling the hall. 
This should be easy. Seth rejoined the others and reported what he found. The warriors moved forward and caught the creature by surprise, overpowering it in seconds.
The companions were moving swiftly now through the dungeon area. A short way down the hall Seth discovered a set of carved stone stairs leading upward from this lower floor. He and his companions ascended upon them and found themselves in a dark corridor. While the others went back downstairs to retrieve some torches, Seth scouted out ahead. 
The hallway was dark as he moved slowly along its length, but that was not a problem for him. Seth had learned to rely on his other senses when he could not use his eyes. Members of his race could inherently see well in low light, but Seth’s ninja training had taught him to not rely only on his eyes. He had learned to use his hearing, smell, and touch to determine his surroundings in the dark. 
Seth put those skills to use now and listened as he moved forward down the dark corridor. He felt the wall with his hand as he slowly took each step. He sniffed the air. It was somewhat dank, telling him that he was most likely still underground.
Seth could feel with his body that there was an obstruction up ahead. He approached it carefully, feeling his way around until he came to a doorway. The door was unlocked. Hearing no sounds, he opened it. He walked through and immediately knew he was in a large open area by the feel of the air flowing around him. 
Seth slowly explored the room until he came across something lying on the floor in front of him. He reached out and felt some fabric. Pulling on it, he realized it was covering something. The halfling bent forward and felt a very soft cushiony substance in front of him. 
Seth slapped himself on the forehead when he realized where he was. They had come full circle! 
He swiftly retraced his steps until he found the others. When they asked what he found, he replied cryptically that they would see soon enough and should follow him. 
Seth liked being mysterious. It was intrinsic to his profession and it was also fun keeping his friends guessing. 
When they all reached the room a few minutes later, the group collectively groaned. Aksel and Delgron held their torches aloft lighting up the dark room, confirming that they had found their way back to the storage room with the first magic mirror. 
Seth plopped himself down on his favorite couch and said, “Let me know when you decide what we’re doing next.” With that, the halfling closed his eyes and let his body sink further into the soft cushions of the comfy sofa. 
The others continued to deliberate as Seth lounged in comfort. He knew they would talk things through for a bit, especially Aksel and Glo. Those two loved to overanalyze things. Better to let them fret while he relaxed. 
A short while later, Aksel roused Seth from his comfortable perch. They had found another door behind one of the large cabinets on the other side of the room. Seth grudgingly pushed himself up and off the enticing sofa and walked to the newfound doorway. 
After briefly listening and hearing nothing, he opened the door. Beyond it was yet another dark corridor. Seth told the others to wait there. Then he went out into the new corridor. 
He wandered around for quite a while, discovering more dark rooms and passageways beneath the keep. As he went, he began mapping it all out in his mind. Based on his calculations, he was almost below where the entrance to the keep was from the courtyard.
Seth turned a corner and saw light down the hall. Carefully making his way down the passage, he found a dimly lit corridor crossing this one. It was lined with torches along the walls at regular intervals. The dancing flames left a number of shadowy areas along the passageway, and Seth scanned them intensely. 
After assuring himself that the corridor was empty, he decided to follow the passage to the left. There was a strange greenish glow at the end of it that sparked his curiosity. 
Seth crept down the passage, stopping every once in a while to scan the shadows and listen. However, he detected no movement or noises. 
As he got closer to the end of the hallway, the green glow got brighter. It was a sickly color and something about it in general seemed…not quite right. Also, he began to hear noises coming from through the door. It was a rhythmic sound, and as he got closer, Seth realized it was voices, but it wasn’t talking. Then it dawned on him; it was chanting.
He moved in absolute silence as he reached the open doorway. Once there, Seth looked in. 
It was a large chamber, definitely not natural, the walls being hewn from stone just like the corridors and other rooms he had seen. This room was huge. The ceiling was lost in the darkness above, supported by a number of large columns along the length of the room. 
As he surveyed the chamber, his eyes were drawn to a pool of water in the very center. It was filled with green glowing water. The color made the halfling think of the skeletal mage they faced on the top of the tower. The rest of the chamber was lit by a number of torches on tall stands, but a good portion of the vast space was stilled bathed in shadow. 
Seth focused his attention at the other end of the pool. Two figures stood over a stone slab up a short flight of steps. Their bodies were covered with brown fur, and both figures were wearing horned helmets and were carrying long gnarled wooden staffs. Seth recognized them to be bugbears. Probably the two mages that the bugbear Gilstench mentioned yesterday. 
Both bugbear wizards were standing over what turned out to be an altar with an unmoving body stretched across it. The mages had their staffs raised and were chanting some kind of hideous song. 
Seth peeked farther around the corner to his left and saw four pale bugbears standing next to the pool. They were unmoving, their eyes filled with vacant stares. Those were zombies. 
Seth decided he had seen enough. He backed quietly away from the archway and retraced his steps down the hallways and rooms to where the rest of the party waited.


Necromancers
The gem pulsed with a green glow, the steady beat of a crystalline heart.
three quarters of an hour had elapsed since Seth had first found the bugbear mages performing the undead ritual. Now he led the companions down the hallway just outside the large chamber. 
As Glo gazed down the dimly lit corridor he could make out the strange green glow that originated from inside the room. The green light bathed the floor of the hall leading up to it as well as the walls just outside the chamber. When they were within a few feet of the doorway, the company halted. 
From his vantage point, Glo could see the room beyond the archway. Columns reached up past the top of the door, disappearing into the blackness above. The waters in the end of the pool glowed green. 
Something about the pale green water bothered him. It was more than just the color. The pool seemed…wrong somehow. As he pondered this further, Seth snuck all the way to the door and peered inside. After a few moments, he returned. 
“They’re still where they were before,” Seth said.
“Not very surprising,” Aksel whispered back. “I am by no means an expert when it comes to the dark arts. But even I know that a Create Undead spell takes an hour to cast. And perhaps more importantly, in order for it to work, it must be cast at night.”
The companions had to stifle their laughter. They only escaped from the dungeon a couple of hours ago, and it had still been early morning at that time. At best, it was now near noon. 
Glo thought back to what Gilstench had told them: the wizard Telvar was teaching dark magic to two bugbear mages, Bilehack and Curdlemung. Bugbears were not noted for their intellect, and these two novices made a huge blunder in trying to create an undead servant during the day. 
A smile crept across the wizard’s face. This would make things a lot easier. He was worried that they would have to take on two trained necromancers at once. That would have been a risky undertaking, but with proper planning, this upcoming battle should be over. 
The companions retreated down the hall. There they began to formulate a strategy for dealing with the novice necromancers and their undead minions. 
“If we can distract the two necromancers, then we can get Glo close enough to use his fire spell on them,” Aksel whispered to the huddled group.
“Are we sure there’s no oil up at the altar?” Seth remarked, a wicked grin across his face.
“Very funny,” Glo replied indignantly. “Perhaps you want to take them both on yourself?”
“Me?” Seth said in mock fear. “Nah. I’ll leave the caster types to you. Anyway, those zombies need to be distracted as well.”
“What did you have in mind?” Aksel asked, a worried look crossing his face.
Seth reached into one of the pouches on his belt and pulled out a couple of small round objects. “How about some smoke bombs?” 
Glo raised an eyebrow. “And you yelled at me for calling you an assassin? Why don’t you just announce it to the world with those things?” Seth glared at him with a look that could have melted iron.
“Are you really an assassin?” Lloyd asked. Seth looked up at the warrior with a dark expression, but it immediately faded. Glo glanced over at Lloyd and saw the sincere look on his face. Even Seth could not be mad at the earnest young man.
“Ninja,” Seth finally answered pronouncing the word carefully. “The term is ninja. And I really don’t like to talk about it,” he continued hotly. 
“From now on the A word and the N word are verboten,” Aksel pronounced in his usual diplomatic tone. “Right, Glo?”
“Um, yes. As long as we can forget the incident at the top of the tower,” Glo agreed, not really having meant to rile up his halfling friend so much.
“But we got such a bang out of it,” Seth responded cheerfully, an evil grin on his face.
“Seth!” Aksel hissed angrily. Even the normally calm little cleric could only be pushed so far.
“Fine. No more fire jokes,” the halfling agreed, still chuckling a bit at his own joke.
“Good,” Aksel sighed. 
The little cleric appeared tired. Perhaps the exasperation with constantly having to mediate the bickering in the group was getting to him. 
“Now then,” Aksel continued after a momentary pause, “what about those smoke bombs?”
“Oh, yeah. I figure I can probably sneak into the room and hide by the columns behind the zombies. Then, when we are ready, I can toss a few of these babies at the zombie’s feet. They won’t be able to find their way out of the smoke for a good couple of minutes.”
“Nice,” Lloyd declared.
Aksel cocked his head to one side and rubbed his chin for a few moments. He finally nodded his head. “Yes, that might just work.”
The companions discussed it a bit more until they had come up with what they felt was a workable plan. Seth went first, sneaking down the hall and disappearing through the door to the large chamber. A few minutes passed before Glo started down the hall toward the chamber. 
When he reached the doorway, Glo looked around the corner and scanned the large open area. The would-be necromancers were still hovering over the altar, deep in concentration. The zombies stood next to the pool with mindless looks on their decayed faces. 
He looked around the room but could detect no sign of Seth. The halfling was very good at staying unseen. Now it was his turn. 
Glo needed to get to the first column on the right side of the pool, opposite the zombies. He moved through the doorway and tiptoed along the shadowed wall to the right of the entryway. All the while, he kept his eyes on the inhabitants of the large chamber, but no one noticed him. 
Glo was shrouded in darkness as he turned toward the nearest column. They were still chanting away at the altar. The zombies stood unmoving across the pool from him. Well, here goes nothing. 
He pushed away from the wall and inched his way through the shadows to the first column. It was painstakingly slow, and he stopped a number of times, warily scanning the undead creatures for any hint that they saw him. Thankfully, he remained undetected. 
After what seemed like an eternity, Glo made it to the first column. Taking a deep breath, he calmed his nerves. 
Glo peeked out from behind his cover to see where Seth was. He looked around the room and detected a faint movement behind the column directly across from him. There was Seth. The halfling signaled that he was ready.
Glo turned his gaze back toward the entrance of the chamber. From his vantage point, he could see Lloyd and Delgron standing back in the hallway. The two warriors had their blades drawn and were ready to charge on Aksel’s signal. 
The gnome stood in front of the two men. He looked over at Glo, waiting for confirmation that he and Seth were ready. 
Glo nodded to his friend, signifying that they were in place. 
Aksel turned and motioned to the two warriors. 
Lloyd sprang forward and raced the short distance to the doorway, his heavy boots stomping on the stone floor. Glo glanced around the room, but no one heard the footfalls over the constant chanting. He looked back and saw Lloyd standing in the door, both swords drawn and reflecting green and orange between the light of the strange pool and the torches around the chamber. 
Lloyd stood there, surprised that no one had heard him enter. He cast a quick look back over his shoulder then back at the zombies and screamed “Penwick!” at the top of his lungs. That got everyone’s attention. 
The zombies slowly turned mindless faces toward the doorway, and the two bugbear mages stopped their incessant chanting and turned around. 
Lloyd, a satisfied look on his young face, screamed his battle cry again and launched himself forward toward the zombies. 
At that same moment, two round, grey objects flew out from a column behind the zombies and landed on the ground amidst them. As the objects clanked on the stone floor, they exploded. Clouds of thick grey gas billowed from each object and enveloped all four zombies. 
The necromancers, who were staring at the charging figure, now turned to look at the grey cloud. They began growling at each other as the smoke continued to cover their now hidden minions. Both bugbear casters turned to face Lloyd, raising their staffs and conjuring spells. 
Glo was already on the move. He was running quietly behind the pillars to the right of the pool, preparing his own spell as he went. 
Being on the move, it was difficult to get the hand and arm motions correct, but luckily he had been trained to do so. What Glo ostensibly thought was a useless exercise back at home now came in quite handy. Once again, he found Amrod to be right. 
“You won’t always be able to stand still and cast spells,” his father had chided him, a patronizing look on the older mage’s face. “You must learn to cast on the run.” 
Glo rounded the last column just moments before the bugbears released their spells. They were so intent on Lloyd that they did not see him. Glo was very close now and had a clear shot at both of them. He stopped a few yards away, raised his right arm and said, “Ardens Manus”. 
A cone of searing red flame leapt from his outstretched fingers and fanned out toward the surprised bugbears. Both necromancers paused and half turned, too late seeing the cone of fire hurtling toward them. 
Looks of dread crossed their brutish faces as both mages were engulfed in flames. The two bugbears disappeared completely from sight. Yelps of pain could be heard from inside the bright hot cone. When the stream of fire stopped, the cone faded away. The two necromancers reappeared, their bodies scorched. Little flames sprang up, dancing in their fur. 
The bugbears turned to see the source of the searing attack. Their dark beady eyes fell on the solitary elf. The elven wizard now had their undivided attention.
Glo took a step back and began preparing another spell as the two bugbears raised their staves. They were so focused on retaliation that they neglected to heed the clanking sounds to their right. As the noise grew louder, Glo’s nerves faded. A smirk crossed his face. Their plan had worked. It was again too late when the bugbears realized their imminent danger. 
They both turned around just as Delgron slammed into them. The green light of the pool shown off the warrior’s polished armor as he knocked the bugbears over. Both of them went flying off the steps of the altar, landing on the floor below. So fierce was the charge that one of the creatures was completely stunned. The other one scrambled to its feet and turned to run. 
Delgron swiftly turned and took a great swing with his sword, catching the necromancer in its back. The gleaming blade sliced through the hapless creature, splattering its blood across the room. The bugbear fell to the ground in a heap and did not move again. 
The second bugbear recovered and regained his feet. He growled and raised his staff. Two projectiles flashed across the room and hit the creature square in the chest. A pair of knives protruded from the necromancer’s torso as he slowly slid to the ground in front of the altar. 
Glo turned to see Seth standing there with a wide grin on his face. Behind the halfling, Lloyd stood over a pile of zombies, the last vestiges of the smoky cloud drifting away from him toward the ceiling. 
Seth went to retrieve his knives. As the halfling passed by the altar, he stopped and stared for a moment. Turning around, he called to the others.
“Looks like they found Gilstench.”
Aksel, Lloyd, and Delgron ascended the altar steps to see for themselves. 
Glo began to climb the steps as well when something caught his eye. From where he stood, he could see the bottom of the pool. There was something down there in the green waters. Glo stepped down toward the pool to get a better look. 
As he approached the waters, the others continued to discuss the bugbear corpse that laid across the stone altar. He half listened as Seth pointed out numerous holes in the torso confirming the corpse’s identity.
Glo’s attention was now riveted on the pool. When he reached the edge, he could clearly see the source of the sickly green color. On the floor of the pool lay a large dark crystal about the size of a fist. As he watched in fascination, the gem pulsed with a greenish glow, the steady beat of a crystalline heart.
His head began to hurt. In fact, his entire body began to tingle in a very unpleasant way. The feeling abated momentarily but then reasserted itself once more. Glo realized that the strange phenomenon was occurring in correlation with the pulsing of the dark crystal below. 
He suddenly became aware that he was not alone. Seth stood next to him and stared at the gem below. The halfling had a strange look on his face. 
“It’s…rather…pretty…” Seth commented, mesmerized.
 “Don’t stare at it,” Glo spoke in a raspy voice. He was finding it difficult to speak. 
Seth shook his head and looked up at him. “What do you mean? It’s not like it’s…” the halfling trailed off.
“Alive?” Glo replied thickly. “No, not exactly. But it radiates evil…” he trailed off. It was getting harder to think. Glo realized he needed to do something now, before the crystal completely clouded their minds. If not, they would end up mindless pawns.
The elven wizard struggled to lift his hand. It felt as if it were made of lead. He finally managed to raise it enough to point a finger toward the bottom of the pool. It was difficult to speak, but he finally managed to croak out two familiar words, “Nullam…Telum…”
A purple projectile lanced out from his fingertips and sliced through the water toward the bottom of the pool. Time seemed to slow as the missile approached its intended target. Finally, the projectile reached the pulsing crystal. The waters shuddered from the impact, and the dark crystal shattered. A dark green light fanned out in all directions from the now empty space.
 Glo heard an eerie high-pitched scream. It was not in his ears but in his mind! The sound faded away, receding to a faraway place. The dark green light vanished. He realized he had been shielding his eyes. He dropped his hand and looked down into the pool. The water was now clear, the sickly green color completely gone. There was no trace left of the crystal.
“What was that?” Aksel asked, hurrying down to the edge of the pool. Lloyd and Delgron were right behind him. “I thought I heard a scream, but there was no sound. It was as if it was in my mind.”
“We heard it, too,” the others nodded emphatically.
Glo stood there, quietly gathering his thoughts. 
“I am not completely sure,” he finally admitted. “I have read of things like this in my father’s journals. There are ancient artifacts that can act as receptacles of magical energies. The energy contained by such a relic can be positive or negative--good or evil, as we would term it.” 
He paused and took a deep breath, still feeling the after effects of the strange encounter. 
“Some of these items accumulate so much energy, they almost take on a life of their own. I believe that this crystal was one of those relics.”
Aksel nodded in understanding. There was a faraway look in his eyes as he said softly, “My family used to research such things. In fact, the last time I saw them, my parents left on an expedition looking for such an artifact.” 
An uncomfortable silence fell over the little party. Glo had always wondered what became of Aksel’s family. The gnome had never really talked about it. All he knew was that Aksel had been taken in by the clerics at the temple of Caprizon during his early teens. 
“I’m sorry Aksel,” he said with sympathy. “I had no idea…” 
They were interrupted by a shout from across the room.
“Hey! Look what I found,” Seth called from behind them. 
Glo almost jumped. He could have sworn the halfling was right next to him a few moments ago. He spun around with the others and saw Seth standing next to an open doorway in the wall behind the altar. The door had not been there a few moments ago.
“Another secret door? Who built this place?” Aksel asked in astonishment.
Lloyd grabbed a torch as they all walked over to join Seth. When they reached the door, he held the light aloft. 
The companions all peered through the doorway. It opened to a small room. The floor had a thick layer of dust, and there were no footprints to be seen. This place had obviously not been entered in a very long time. In the center of the room was a round table. At the table sat a skeleton. 
Everyone started and reached for their weapons when Aksel held up his hand. “I doubt it’s undead,” he announced definitively. “It’s covered with cobwebs.” 
The group breathed a collective sigh and relaxed. They entered the room and fanned out to examine it closer. 
Glo noted some objects on the table in front of the skeleton. On closer examination, these turned out to be a dagger and a book. The dagger was rather plain looking but had a jet black handle with an inky sheen to it. The book was leather bound and thick; its cover blank.
The elven wizard cast the spell of identification over the objects. As the spell unleashed, the dagger began to glow with a strange light. He concentrated, and a vision began to coalesce in his mind. It was cloudy at first but cleared gradually. 
He saw the dagger and superimposed over it was a snake’s head, its mouth wide open and fangs protruding. Then the vision changed. The dagger was still there, but this time, a large spider was over the dagger. Its jaws opened and displayed two black fangs. 
The visions finally faded. Glo opened his eyes and smiled. He reached down, picked up the knife by the handle, and held it hilt-out toward Seth. As the halfling gingerly reached for it, Glo held up his other hand. “Careful. It is a dagger of venom. One tiny nick, and you will be poisoned.”
Seth pulled his hand back for a moment then smiled broadly. The halfling reached out slowly this time and took the dagger. He hefted it gently and removed one of his other knives from its sheath, sliding the new dagger into the now empty case. 
Glo smiled then turned back to the table. He lifted the book, cracked it open, and began leafing through the pages. He soon came upon a very interesting passage. 
A soft whistle escaped his lips.
“What is it?” Aksel asked curiously. 
Glo held the book out to his friend, keeping it open to the page he had discovered. 
Aksel took the book and began reading. A few seconds later, he also whistled softly. 
“Well?” Seth asked impatiently, looking back and forth between the two, his arms crossed in front of him.
Aksel looked at the halfling, momentarily startled. “Yes. Sorry. It’s a manual of golem creation. Stone golems, specifically.”
Glo was quite well versed in the lore of golems. With the proper knowledge and ingredients, an experienced mage could cast spells converting inert matter into a magical creature. That creature would then be bound to do his, or her, bidding. 
There were four types of golems. Three were made from earthen components: clay, stone, and iron. Glo found the fourth type of golem disgusting. It was called a flesh golem and was made from the remains of people. 
The exact steps of golem creation were numerous and complex. Thus not every mage, even a powerful one, could do it. It typically took years of trial and error to discover the necessary procedures required to create such a being, and such knowledge did not come cheaply. It was coveted and kept secret, only shared between master and student, and there were few of those around today. 
The most famous maker of golems was the Golem Thrall Master himself, Larketh. But he had been dead over one hundred years, killed during the Thrall Wars. As far as Glo knew, Larketh did not have any students. Either way, to find a book that gave you step-by-step instructions on how to make a stone golem was an unparalleled discovery.
“What is something like that doing here?” Seth asked in disbelief, jarring the wizard from his thoughts.
“It makes you wonder who the original builders of this keep were,” Glo commented, still somewhat lost in thought. Could this indeed be one of Larketh’s hidden lairs? he wondered.
They all stood there for a few moments looking around the small room in wonder. Aksel was the first to break the silence. 
“We may never know, but for now we’d better get moving. We still have that wizard to deal with, not to mention finding out what happened to Brundon.”
The small company retraced their steps down the dimly lighted corridor until they reached the intersection. This time they continued along the lit passageway, hoping that it might provide a route for them out of the basement. 
Seth led the way as they followed the hall. The route led through a maze of more basement rooms and passages. It was a crazy mix of hallways that ended in doors opening into rooms with yet more doorways and passages beyond. The only saving grace was that most of these were now illuminated by torches. 
“Who built this crazy basement?” Lloyd cried, his voice filled with frustration. “Couldn’t they have built just one hallway that leads to a staircase or something?”
They stopped, and Glo put his hand on his large friend’s shoulder. “I think that whoever built this basement intended it to be this way,” he said gently. 
“This is actually a typical design for a thieves’ den,” Seth added softly from his position out ahead of the others.
“How’s that?” Aksel asked, his curiosity obviously piqued, maybe even more so at how Seth came about this knowledge in the first place. 
“Well…most thieves live in fear of being discovered. So they design their hideouts to be mazelike. That makes it hard for anyone not familiar with the floor plan to find their way through. It also sets up a highly defensible internal structure that is easy to fill with traps.”
“You seem to know an awful lot about thieves,” Lloyd commented, a trace of uncertainty in his tone.
Seth stopped and turned to face the others. 
“Um…yes, well…” he began hesitantly his face flushing slightly. “When one has ninja training, it is too easy to slip into the role of a thief or an assassin.” The halfling paused as everyone looked at him questioningly. “And NO, I was never either of those things. I just…know too many folks who…went down the wrong path.” 
Glo clearly saw how uncomfortable Seth was with this conversation. He decided to change the subject before anything more was said about the halfling’s dubious background. 
“Yes, well then, that makes quite a bit of sense. Whoever designed this castle obviously had a lot of secrets they wanted to keep hidden, hence all the secret doors and passageways. Someone that paranoid might very well design a basement maze like this. It would make a perfect last ditch defensive area if someone invaded the keep.”
“I quite agree,” Aksel chimed in as he rubbed his chin with his hand. “As we are seeing, you could be lost down here for days without finding the way out. Based on what Seth told us, I think we better start looking for secret doors and such again. I suspect the actual path out of here is very well hidden.”
Glo glanced over at Seth and saw the halfling’s face was still a bit red. He looked back at Glo and nodded briefly, a grateful look on his face. 
The little band began searching around the rooms and halls. After another half hour of traversing the seemingly endless maze of halls and rooms, they came upon a small room lined with shelves. On further examination, they discerned that these were once filled with foodstuffs. Those remains were long gone, leaving behind nearly disintegrated bags and containers. 
As the companions continued to rummage around the room, Seth called out, “Hey, look at this.” He stood in a corner of the small room and was staring up at the ceiling. Glo moved to his friend’s side and followed his gaze. There, above him in the ceiling, was a rectangular hole. It was obviously intended to be there as it was framed around all four sides with wood molding. 
Glo judged the hole to be about a yard long and nearly as wide. By the light of the torches they were carrying, he could see a few feet up beyond the opening. It was some kind of shaft with smooth stone walls on either side, but strain as he might, the elf could only see blackness where the torchlight faded out.
“What do you think that is?” Delgron said, coming up beside them.
“Well, if this room was used for food storage, then this could have been a dumbwaiter…” Seth's voice trailed off as he bent over sideways trying to look up into the darkness.
“…and if that’s the case, it might lead to an upstairs pantry,” Glo finished his thought for him.
“So this might be a shortcut out of this crazy basement?” Lloyd asked skeptically, his frustration with the maze still quite apparent.
“Exactly,” Seth acknowledged nodding in agreement.
“Do you think you could climb up it?” Aksel asked doubtfully, as he, too, bent backwards to look up into the darkness above.
“No problem,” Seth replied standing up straight, spinning around and scanning the room they were in. “Just give me one second…” he continued as he went over to a wall. Reaching up, he pulled an unlit torch from the sconce it rested in. Tucking the piece of wood into his backpack, he rejoined the others underneath the hole.
“Lloyd, give me a boost.”
Lloyd stepped forward and positioned himself under the hole in front of Seth. He put his hands down in front of him and clasped his fingers together, making a foothold for the halfling. 
“Thanks,” Seth half-smiled. 
He put one foot on the warrior’s interlocked hands and nimbly scrambled upwards onto the big man’s shoulders. Seth stood up and reached as high as he could. He was just able to grab hold of the bottom lip of the wood frame around the hole. Seth hoisted his small frame up and managed to wedge himself inside the chute. 
Glo watched in amazement as the halfling began slowly inching his way up the shaft. Seth had his hands pressed against one smooth stone wall while his feet were firmly planted on the opposite wall. He slowly moved one hand, then one foot, then the other hand followed by the other foot. 
It was an incredible feat of strength and agility the like of which Glo had never before seen. He glanced around and saw the other companions also staring in awe at their friend as he made the difficult climb up the shaft.
“Are you sure you’re ok?” Aksel called, his voice thick with concern.
“Piece…of…cake…” Seth replied through what must have been clenched teeth.
They all continued to watch until the halfling disappeared up the chute beyond the light of their upheld torches. The group waited in silence for some sign that their friend had made it to the top. Finally, a faint light appeared far up the shaft.
“He made it!” Aksel cried in relief.
The four companions cheered and clasped each other in congratulations. A minute later a rope dropped down from the hole in the ceiling and dangled a few inches from the floor.
 “Guess he wants us to climb up,” Aksel commented wryly, a broad smile on his face. “Who wants to go first?”
“I will,” Lloyd replied enthusiastically. The basement maze obviously unnerved the young man and standing and waiting for Seth to climb the chute did not help. 
Lloyd reached out and grabbed the end of the rope. He gave it a hard tug, but it held fast. Flashing a quick smile at the others, he hoisted himself up, swiftly climbed into the hole and disappeared into the dark shaft. 
The three remaining companions watched the bottom of the rope sway and jerk as the warrior continued his climb. Looking into the shaft, the dim light at the top of the chute was now blocked by a dark shadow as Lloyd continued his ascent. The light reappeared and the cord stopped moving, signifying that the warrior had reached the top.
“Glo, you go next,” Aksel pointed toward the dark chute.
Glo nodded his head in response and walked up to grasp the waiting rope. He gave it a gentle tug but realized that was unnecessary. If the line could hold Lloyd, it would certainly hold his meager weight. He smiled wanly and then pulled himself upwards on the rope. Luckily he was in fairly good shape, despite the fact that he was a wizard. 
Many practitioners of the arcane arts had a tendency to neglect their bodies and concentrate solely on the development of their minds. Glo was actually in excellent physical shape, hiding a lean, muscular physique under his wizard’s robes. In fact, he prided himself in maintaining his body as well as his mind. It was one of the few things he and his father actually agreed on. 
“A weak body can lead to a weak mind,” the old mage would say. So Glo was able to smoothly lift himself off the ground and shimmy up the rope. As he climbed up, he heard Aksel talking to Delgron. 
“I’ll go next, then you follow last.”
 “But I’m not good at climbing. Especially in full plate,” he heard Delgron say skeptically. There was a momentary pause before he heard Aksel’s reply. 
“Not a problem. Tie the end of the rope around your belt. Then wrap it under your arms making a kind of harness out of it. When you are ready, tug on the rope, and we will haul you up.”
Very smart. The harness would prevent Delgron from falling, and then Lloyd should easily be able to pull the heavily armored man up the shaft. 
As Glo continued his ascent, he kept his eyes fixed on the light coming from above him. The chute itself was too dark, and he could not make out the walls of the shaft. He had climbed about twenty feet when the light from the top of the shaft began to illuminate the chute. 
He could now make out the grey stone walls and was surprised to see that the shaft was wider up here than down below. Glo figured he had perhaps another ten feet to climb until he reached the top. He could also make out the outline of two heads staring down at him down the shaft, one smaller than the other.
“What’s taking you so long?” he heard Seth’s hushed voice.
“I’m moving as fast as I can!” the wizard shot back. “This isn’t as easy as it looks!”
“You should try it without a rope,” came the hushed reply.
Glo chuckled despite himself. He redoubled his efforts moving the last few feet as he could. When he was almost at the top, two large red clad arms reached down and grabbed his own hauling him easily the rest of the way. 
Glo landed with a thud against a tiled stone floor. Standing next to him was Lloyd and Seth. However, there was a third figure next to them. As Glo realized who the shadowy figure was, his jaw dropped open. 
“Brundon…” the word tumbled from his mouth as he stared in disbelief. “How? Where?” he trailed off as the lean figure smirked back at him in the torchlight.
“I don’t remember very much,” Brundon told them quietly. “Seth and I went through that mirror looking for all of you. We ended up in this little room, and the door burst open. This old man in robes stepped in, pointed his finger at me, and there was this quick flash of light.” 
“Next thing I know, I’m in this dark room and the door is locked. I did find that chute over there but I had no way of knowing how far down it went. Then about ten minutes ago, Seth pops his head out and says How you doing, Brundon? Imagine my surprise. Then I find out that all of you are coming up here. I have to say, you are a sight for sore eyes.”
“Just wait until Delgron sees you,” Seth smirked.
Glo was surprised to see a hint of moisture in Brundon’s eyes at the mention of the flaxen haired warrior. 
“He’ll be up here soon enough,” Glo added. “Meanwhile, I think I can explain what happened to your memory. You were charmed.”
“You mean a charm spell?” Brundon asked, a skeptical look on his face.
“Exactly. Basically, your body was taken over and your mind was put to sleep. Once the spell fades, you have no recollection of anything that happened.”
 “That makes sense,” Brundon agreed, still not appearing one hundred percent convinced.
“Well that was the wizard’s lab you were in,” Lloyd chimed in. “And that old man had to be this Telvar. Seth said he barely escaped.”
 “Yeah,” the halfling chuckled, “for all the good it did me. I jumped back through the mirror. Thought you would be right behind me. Instead, I found these guys locked in the dungeon with no way out.”
“We were just filling Brundon in on all the fun he missed before you climbed up,” Lloyd explained to Glo.
“Yes,” Brundon replied wryly, “with fun like that, I’m glad I missed it.”
The three of them chuckled at the tracker’s witty remark.
Glo took a quick look around the room. It was a rather small space. The walls were all lined with shelves, and there were some barrels against one wall. The rope they climbed was tied around one of these. Glo noticed a single door diagonally across from the shaft. He walked over to the shelves to examine what was on them. 
“It’s a pantry,” Brundon told him as he continued his inspection. “You definitely won’t starve in here.”
Glo looked closer and sure enough the shelves were filled with foodstuffs. Unlike the room below, these all looked fresh. He opened a jar, put his hand in, and pulled out a pickle. Glo took a small bite. “Hmmm, not bad.” 
He returned the jar to the shelf then spun back around. Lloyd was standing over the shaft and reaching down into the hole. This time he pulled Aksel into the room. 
The gnome was as surprised as the others to see Brundon. Brundon was eager to see his knightly companion. Aksel explained to them that Delgron was afraid to climb the rope and gave them his plan for hauling him up here.
“Sounds just like Delgron,” Brundon declared with clear amusement. “Give him ten orcs to fight, and he’ll charge in without a care in the world. But ask him to scale a wall, and he’ll just stare at you like you’re daft.” Brundon put his hand to the side of his mouth and said conspiratorially, “He always uses that full plate as an excuse, but frankly I think he’s afraid of heights.”
Glo and the others were also amused at the thought. Delgron looked like the iconic warrior, decked out in full plate and sporting a sword and shield. The fact that heights might bother him made the man seem more human somehow. 
Aksel was standing over the chute when the rope jerked a couple of times. “I believe Delgron is ready,” he announced to the group.
“I’ll give you a hand,” Brundon said as he and Lloyd both grabbed a section of the rope. The duo began to pull on it together, yanking up sections of the rope and piling it over near the barrel. As they continued to pull, the scrape of metal on stone could be heard coming from the shaft followed by a short yelp.
“Maybe you should slow down a bit,” Aksel put out his hands and made a braking motion with them.
“Okay,” Lloyd and Brundon replied, stopping completely for a moment, but the latter stood there with a large grin on his face. The two men began pulling on the rope again, slower this time. There were no more scraping sounds, and a minute later a tuft of blonde hair appeared at the top of the chute. It was followed by the gleam of the torches off steel. 
Brundon braced himself against the barrel and held the rope as Lloyd let go and reached down. Lloyd then grabbed their armor clad companion and hoisted him onto the floor. There was a sharp scraping sound as steel met stone.
“I think…you’ve put on…a few pounds,” Brundon huffed from where he stood next to the barrel.
Delgron stared at his old friend, his jaw falling open.
“Brundon? How?” 
“Oh, you know…I get around,” Brundon replied, slowly walking up and extending his hand to his surprised friend.
Delgron was already up and on his feet, which was not an easy task in full plate. In one swift movement, he launched himself forward and caught the unsuspecting man in a bear hug.
“I thought we’d lost you for good this time!”
Brundon gasped at the firm embrace. “I’m…fine…you big lug. But…I won’t be…if you squeeze me…to death.”
“Sorry,” Delgron replied, letting go of his lean friend and stepping back. The warrior was red faced with embarrassment at his outburst.
“Okay, okay,” Seth commented, “get a room.” He brushed by the others and headed toward the doorway. “Now then, how about we get out of here.” 
Seth examined the door and a small smile crossed his face. “Locked, huh? Not for long.” He went to work on the door mechanism and in less than half a minute they heard a click. “Child’s play,” he said under his breath. 
Glo smiled as he watched his friend at work. He was beginning to think there wasn’t a locked door or chest that was safe with Seth around. 
The halfling now had his ear to the door. 
“Quiet, please,” he said, even though no one was talking. “I hear something. It sounds like…pacing. Heavy footed whatever it is.”
“Yeah,” Brundon replied, keeping his voice down as well. “I heard that, too. It started about an hour ago. Whatever it is, the footsteps get softer for a bit then get louder again. It seems to repeat that pattern every 3 minutes.”
“You sure?”
“Yeah, I timed it for about an hour. Didn’t have all that much else to do in here,” Brundon replied, shrugging his shoulders.
“Well then,” Seth cocked his head to one side, “a three minute round trip means that whatever it is will probably have its back turned for a good minute and a half…easily enough time for me to have a look around.”
“Okay, but be careful,” Aksel replied, doing very little to hide his concern.
“Aren’t I always?” Seth responded with that innocent look they had all come to know.
“Not really,” Glo noted, barely suppressing a smile.
Seth turned toward Glo and glared at him for a few moments but declined to say anything. Then he shook his head and went back to listening at the door. 
After another two minutes he announced, “And there it goes.” 
He turned the knob and cracked the door open. Daylight streamed into the room, attesting to the fact that they were indeed now above ground. Seth opened the door a bit more and stuck his head out through the doorway, peeking around outside. 
He pulled his head back in and whispered, “I might be awhile.” 
With that, he stepped through the doorway and closed the door soundlessly behind him. Glo and Aksel exchanged glances, each hoping their friend would actually be cautious this time.



Stone Golem
A true warrior makes due with his surroundings.
eth eased his way out into a hallway and closed the pantry door behind him. He stood still and surveyed his surroundings, all the while listening to the sound of the heavy receding footsteps. 
The hall was well lit by the afternoon sun that was streaming through a small window high up on the wall to his right. Directly in front of him, across the hall, was another closed door. To his left, the hallway stretched a few yards before making a sharp left. At that end of the hall was yet another closed door. 
He crept forward, making not a sound as he moved. He reached the turn in the hall and looked around the corner. There was another corridor, this one very long, with a number of doors on either side. 
There, in the center of the hall, maybe ten yards away from him, was a huge grey creature. Seth instinctively drew back behind the corner, but the monster’s back was to him. The huge creature lumbered down the hall away from him. 
So this was the source of the pacing. A stone golem! 
The creature lumbered down the long hallway. The thing was huge. He estimated it to be nine feet tall and four feet wide across its shoulders. Its massive arms hung down to its knees, and its fists were easily two feet wide. He could barely see the top of the creature’s head as it hung down below the enormous shoulders. 
Although the monster was quite intimidating, Seth was not easily frightened. The creature must be patrolling the hall. The question was why? All Seth could see were a few random doors. Since golems only did their master’s bidding, something of value must be hidden behind one of the doorways. 
Seth’s curiosity got the better of him. He needed to find a way out of here anyway, didn’t he? He could easily duck into one of the other doors before the golem reached the other end of the hall and turned around. 
Convinced he was taking a reasonable risk, Seth snuck down the hallway past the pacing creature. He passed a few doors on the way but did not stop to investigate them. He was too enthralled with the golem to pay those rooms much heed.
Halfway down the hall, he saw a flight of stairs to his left. He looked back toward the golem and saw that it had almost reached the end of the hallway. It would turn soon. 
Seth darted out of the hall and down the stairs. He slipped down to the landing below and stopped. More stairs lead down to an empty hallway below. He continued until he had almost reached the bottom, stopping two steps up. 
Holding onto the rail and leaning forward, Seth peeked past the end of the stairwell to his left. The hall opened into a wide room with two large doors inside an archway at the end. Those had to be the entrance to the keep. Standing right in front of those doors was another stone golem! 
Okay, this was starting to get serious. The huge rock monster was nearly identical to the one upstairs, but this golem was not moving like the other one. This golem had its back to him. 
Seth gazed to his right and saw a door barely hanging on its hinges. Keeping one eye on the golem, he went to the door and peered inside. The room was filled with a long table and multiple chairs, all rotted now. It must have once been a dining hall. There were no other doorways. So much for that. 
Seth snuck back upstairs and stopped again at the landing. He waited until the heavy footsteps of the first stone golem went by the stairwell. He hurried up the second flight and looked out into the hall. The golem was headed down the hallway toward the pantry. 
Seth spied a door directly across from him. He stealthily crept toward it and tried the handle. It wasn’t locked. He slowly opened it, slipped into the room, and gently closed the door behind him. 
This room turned out to be quite large. It was filled with at least a dozen cots. There were backpacks and gear strewn all across the floor. On the other side of the room he spied pots, pans, and cooking utensils. They were scattered around a fire pit that had been hacked out of the solid stone floor. 
This must be where the bugbears camped out. They would never think to use a kitchen when they could ruin a perfectly good floor.
Seth snuck between the cots. Something grabbed his leg, and he heard a high-pitched scream from underneath the cot next to him. He immediately stopped moving and looked down. A small furry hand was holding onto his leg. It stuck out from underneath the cot. 
In one swift move he grabbed the arm in one hand and yanked hard as he stepped back and pulled a knife with his other hand. A young bugbear came tumbling out from under the cot and sprawled on the floor in front of him. Caught by surprise, the little bugbear went silent for a moment. 
Seth almost laughed out loud, but then he heard crying. It was coming from under the cot. There must be a second little bugbear under there, and it was making a racket. If the golem came back and heard the noise, he would be done for. 
He knew that he could silence the young bugbears with his knife, but he hated the thought the moment it entered his mind. That was his family’s way, and he was nothing like them. He jumped down on top of the bugbear, pinning it down with his knees. He surveyed his surroundings and spied a stray cooking pot just within his reach. 
In one smooth motion, he grabbed the pot and conked the bugbear child on the head. The little bugbear stopped struggling and went silent. The second bugbear also stopped crying and stared at him from underneath the cot. Then it began to wail again; this time louder. 
No help for it. Seth reached under the cot and dragged the second little bugbear out. He banged it on the head, and it too went silent, slumping down next to its companion. That should keep them quiet for a while. 
Seth stared appreciatively at the pot in his hand. Handy little weapon that it was, he still preferred his knives. He threw the pot onto the cot and continued sneaking across the room.

The tension mounted as the companions waited quietly inside the pantry for their small friend. Lloyd paced back and forth, nervously reaching back and adjusting his swords in their scabbards. Brundon sat on one of the barrels anxiously inspecting his short sword. His bow and quiver were taken away from him when he was captured. Aksel held a small diamond in his hand, fervently trying to pray to his deity, Aurl Berlglowr. 
Glo himself had the manual of golem creation out and was flipping through the pages but was not getting very far in the dim torchlight. The only one who was completely at ease was Delgron. He leaned comfortably against the wall, his arms folded in front of him and his head rested on his chest. 
Delgron was the smartest one of all right now. He was taking advantage of this momentary interlude to rest. They could be thrown into the heat of battle at any moment, so relaxing one’s body and mind was the best thing to do while they had the chance. 
Glo closed the book and put it back into his pack. He was really too preoccupied to read anyway. Where was Seth?
“He should have been back by now,” Aksel mirrored Glo’s thoughts.
“The gods only know what trouble he could have gotten himself into,” Glo agreed, shaking his head back and forth as he imagined the halfling in all sorts of trouble.
Aksel turned toward Brundon. “Can you go out there and see if you can find him?”
“Me?” Brundon asked in feigned disbelief. “You want me to go out there?”
“Please, Brundon?” Aksel pleaded. “Seth could be in real danger.”
“I think you underestimate your friend. From what I’ve seen, Seth can handle himself,” Brundon replied. Aksel opened his mouth to speak, but Brundon cut him off. “Still, since you asked so nicely…” He sheathed his short sword, jumped off the barrel he had been sitting on, and walked toward the door. 
“Thank you,” Aksel replied gratefully.
“Now,” Brundon said to the group in general, “please be quiet so I can listen at this door. It wouldn’t be good for me to walk out there without timing it just right.”
Everyone was silent as Brundon pressed his ear up against the door. He listened for the footsteps in the outside hall. They were getting louder. He continued eavesdropping until the heavy footfalls began to recede. 
What is that? Brundon wondered with trepidation. He was not averse to taking risks. In fact, he had been doing so since he was a small boy. Brundon had a sense for potential danger. It might have been a sixth sense, or maybe he was just very good at reading subliminal signals. Somehow, he always knew when a job was going to be too perilous for him and his companions. 
When the tall elf and the little gnome originally came over to his table, all kinds of warning signals had gone off in his head. These two are trouble, he thought instinctively. Still, he was curious when he saw Maltar engaging these same folks in conversation just a few minutes earlier. 
The crafty old wizard never talked to anyone outside the castle. Maltar was a dangerous man, but he was also quite wealthy. Now that was something that Brundon took great interest in. After all, he did not intend to be a mercenary forever. 
Brundon was intent on settling down while still in the prime of his life with enough platinum to live out the rest of his days in comfort. In the end, his greed overrode his sense of danger, and he decided to accept the job with these strange folks. 
Still, he had planned on making them pay a neat little sum for his and Delgron’s services. Thus he was quite vexed when his big friend accepted standard wages for their time and effort. He chastised Delgron after they left until his companion agreed to pay him with some of his own fee.
Since they had been traveling with these folks, Brundon began to second guess his original assessment of them. It was an odd little group. On the surface, the tall warrior, Lloyd, looked like the only one who could really handle himself. Yet the rest proved to be far more than they appeared. 
Seth was an incredible acrobat, the like of which Brundon had never seen before. Also, when the halfling did not want to be seen or heard, he was impossible to spot. And Brundon was no slouch at tracking. 
The tall elf was also quite interesting. While he appeared to only know the most basic of spells, the elf was very creative in his use of them. That explosion at the top of the tower was masterfully executed. It incinerated those skeletons in the blink of an eye from what he had heard. The down side was that it had alerted the entire keep, but it was a calculated risk that paid off in the end. He could respect that. 
As for the little gnome, he turned out to be a tactical genius. Brundon would never have guessed that behind those cleric’s robes hid such a strategic mind. He questioned the gnome’s plans at first, but stood corrected when he saw how things played out so neatly. The gnome had a knack for reading a situation and coming up with a calculated response in a matter of minutes.
Indeed this was quite a crew they were traveling with. They might just end up being the ticket that he was looking for to make his fortune, but he would still make Delgron pay extra for overstepping him at the negotiating table. 
The footfalls in the outside hall had receded far enough by now. Brundon pulled the door open and with a nod to the others slipped out into the hallway. He pulled the door closed behind him and looked around. It was bright out here, and his eyes took a moment to adjust. He noted the window high up on the wall to his right and the sharp turn in the corridor to his left. 
His eyes focused on the door directly in front of him across the hall. He went over to it and checked the knob. It was not locked. He listened briefly at the door but heard nothing from the other side. So he slowly opened it and eased his way in, gently closed the door behind him. 
Brundon found himself in a well lit room with a number of shelves. They were lined with swords, maces, lances, chain mail vests, and even full body armor. He had found the keep’s armory. 
Brundon moved forward to see what he could find, but on closer inspection much of the weaponry and armor was rusted through. The other equipment was just plain broken. He scouted around the room a bit more but saw no sign of Seth. He went back to the door and listened. 
Brundon had been in here nearly three minutes and whatever was outside in the hall was moving away. He gently opened the door and went out into the hall. He saw the second door now to his right and began sneaking across the hall. At the corner, he stopped to look down the long hallway. When he saw the stone golem, his heart skipped a beat.
The floor actually shook as the golem took each step. Brundon waited until the immense creature was halfway down the corridor before sneaking across the passageway. When he tried the other door, it also was not locked. He hurriedly opened it and stepped inside, shutting the door behind him. 
Brundon breathed a heavy sign of relief as he surveyed his surroundings. This was a bedroom. There was a large four-poster bed on the opposite wall with a night table next to it. A dresser and wardrobe stood against the right wall, and a desk with a chair was against the wall next to him. 
He scanned the room. The bed had relatively new sheets on it and looked recently slept in. The covers were thrown aside and had not been made. The wardrobe door stood open. Brundon glanced inside and saw some long flowing robes hung there. So this was the wizard’s room. There was no sign of Seth, and he thought it prudent to leave the wizard’s bedroom as soon as possible.
He listened at the door. From the sound, the golem was right outside the door. Brundon waited until the footfalls began to recede. Then he opened the door a crack and looked outside. The large stone golem was trudging back down the hall with its back to him. Brundon stepped lightly out into the corridor and closed the door behind him. 
He noted that there were more doors farther down the passage. He had some time and could probably get to the next door and back again if it turned out to be locked. Brundon began sneaking down the corridor and was almost to the next door when he heard a creak from behind him. He swiftly turned around, his hand going to his sword hilt. 
The door to the bedroom he just left now stood open. He thought he had shut it. Perhaps he had not closed it tightly enough, and it had swung open again. Well, there was no hope for it now. He had to close that door. If the golem saw it open, there would be trouble. 
Brundon returned to the door, all the while glancing back over his shoulder. The large stone golem was nearly at the end of the corridor. It would turn around very soon. He would have to be quick. Brundon scurried the last few feet and grabbed the door handle and pulled it, slowing down just before it shut. Brundon made sure that it was secure, keeping an eye on the golem down the hall the whole time. 
The large stone creature had just reached the end of the hall and was beginning to turn around. It was so wide that it could not easily reverse itself in the corridor. Brundon pivoted and launched himself across the hallway. He slid onto the stone floor of the smaller corridor and out of sight of the stone golem just in the nick of time. 
Brundon let out a sigh of relief. Then he got up and brushed himself off. He walked over to the pantry door, turned the knob, and slowly opened it. He would hide back in here until the golem made another round and then try farther down the hall.

Lloyd had been watching the door since Brundon left. They had been cooped up in this little room for too long now, and his nerves were on edge. He was not normally like this, but the maze in the basement had unnerved him. Lloyd did not like confined spaces. He was far more comfortable in an open area where he was free to wield his swords, but he knew he was being foolish. He could just hear what his father would say. 
“A true warrior makes due with his surroundings. In close quarters, one must adjust his fighting style and perhaps weaponry. Therefore, do not always depend on the sword, my son. That is a sure fire way to get yourself killed.” 
Lloyd took a deep breath and calmed himself. He was a warrior. He had earned the right to be called a spiritblade. What was he thinking? The young man began assessing his surroundings. 
These were very close quarters. He might be better off with maces if they had to defend this position. As he surveyed the room he noted the barrels against the wall. One had the rope still attached to it, but the second one was just sitting there. It might make a good blockade for the door if need be. He went over to the barrel, tipped it slightly, and began rolling it toward the doorway.
“What are you doing?” Aksel asked him.
“Just being prepared,” Lloyd replied, calmly glancing over at the gnome.
Aksel had a slight smile on his face and nodded his head approvingly.
Lloyd had just deposited the barrel next to the door when the knob began to turn. The young man stepped back and took a defensive stance, just in case. When the door opened, the tall lean figure of Brundon stepped inside.
Lloyd visibly relaxed. 
“Did you find Seth?” Aksel asked.
Brundon did not respond but instead hissed, “Shhhhh,” as he closed the door behind him. He blinked briefly then replied, “There’s no sign of him. But you’re not going to believe…”
His statement was cut short. Lloyd heard a sudden shout from outside the room. This was followed by the sound of heavy thumping. It sounded far away at first but swiftly grew louder. As the sounds grew closer, the door began to shake with each thump.
 “What is that?” Lloyd asked reaching for his swords.
“A stone golem!” Brundon exclaimed, slowly backing away from the doorway. 
“A stone golem?” Aksel cried, his voice raising an octave.
“A big one,” Brundon nodded vigorously. “Think nine feet tall and four feet wide.”
“That’s huge!” Delgron cried, sounding both alarmed and amazed. 
Lloyd glanced over and saw Delgron was on the ground rummaging through his backpack. The young man knew exactly what Delgron was doing. Swords would not be very effective against a creature made of solid stone. Lloyd followed suit, unslinging his pack and retrieving his warhammers. 
Abruptly, the thumping and shaking stopped. Lloyd stood up and listened in silence. Everyone remained very still, waiting to see what would happen next. They did not have to wait long. A moment later, a voice could clearly be heard outside the door. It sounded like an old man. 
The voice screamed, “Knock down the door, and kill them all!” 
Lloyd did not hesitate. In one swift motion, he dropped the hammers, grasped the nearby barrel, and rolled it in front of the door. As he did so, he heard Aksel’s voice behind him. 
“Delgron! Help Lloyd bolster the door.”
As Lloyd bent down to retrieve his hammers, he could hear the clank of Delgron’s armor rushing toward him. 
Something heavy crashed against the door. The wood shook violently, but the barrel held it in place. 
That is not going to hold for long. Lloyd placed himself next to the barrel and added his weight to brace the door. The doorway was struck a second time. The entire frame shuddered, and he felt the reverberations through his entire body. 
That golem could really hit! One direct punch from that creature would kill a man. It was going to be very hard to fight such a monster in these close quarters. 
Delgron reached the doorway and braced himself against it on the other side of the barrel. He flashed a quick smile at Lloyd then prepared for the next strike.
“That door won’t hold for long,” Aksel told them flatly. “Our only chance is escape. Brundon, quickly, down the chute. Glo, you follow him.”
The door was struck. Lloyd did not feel the reverberation as badly this time. With the added weight, they were able to hold the door firmly in place. Still, the wood of the doorway was beginning to splinter and crack. Dust fell from the stone wall and surrounded the entryway. A few more blows and the whole thing would split wide open. 
Lloyd began reviewing strategies in his head for fighting this huge creature. Even if it burst through the door, it would still need to take down some of the wall to fit inside the room. That would give them some time to whack away at the creature before it could really strike them. 
He and Delgron could take turns flitting in and out of the doorway. Perhaps they could distract the golem long enough to slow down its progress. Still they would have to be very careful to avoid those fists. 
As Lloyd played out the scenario in his mind, both Brundon and Glo left the room and were on their way down the chute.
Aksel shouted, “I’m going next. Lloyd, you follow. Delgron, you’ll be last.”
“I’ll never make it down that rope in full plate!” Delgron cried back as the golem struck again. The door shook and splintered some more but still held. It would not be long now. Two, maybe three more of those blows would do it. Then Aksel was by their side. 
“Here, take this,” he said holding out his small hand to Delgron.
Delgron reached down and took a ring from the gnome’s hand. It was Aksel’s feather falling ring! That would certainly allow Delgron to make it down the chute unscathed.
“Thanks,” Delgron smiled grimly as the golem hit the door again. 
Lloyd looked up as a big chunk of wood splintered off the door. Sunlight streamed through the hole, and he caught a glimpse of something dark grey outside the door. That must be the golem.
Lloyd glanced over his shoulder as they continued to hold the door. Aksel was now gone. He must have run to the chute and was now climbing down. 
As Lloyd turned back the door was struck. This time the entire top of the door nearly splintered apart. The knuckles of a large grey fist protruded into the doorway where the top of the door had just been. They could no longer hold the door without getting pummeled. 
Lloyd and Delgron both stood back, raising their weapons and taking defensive stances. He could now see the golem clearly through the top of the open doorway. It pulled back one huge fist and was winding up for another blow.
“Go, Lloyd! I’ll hold it off until you get down,” Delgron yelled. 
“But…” he began to protest, looking at his fellow warrior and then back at the monstrosity just outside the door.
“Go!” Delgron yelled louder this time. “I’ve got Aksel’s ring. The faster you get down that rope, the sooner I can jump.”
The golem slammed into the bottom of the door. The frame cracked, and the rest of the door pushed in up against the barrel. The wood of the barrel began to splinter as well. It would not hold up against another blow. 
Lloyd did not want to leave Delgron alone to face the golem. Every instinct in his body screamed for him to stand and fight. Deep down inside, he knew it was not a battle they could win, especially not in these close quarters, maybe not at all. His better judgment finally won out.
“Alright!” he cried. He turned and stooped to shove maces in his backpack. “But you better be right behind me.”
Delgron winked at Lloyd and smiled broadly.
Lloyd swept up his backpack and slung it over his shoulder as he ran for the chute. He did not wait to grab the rope but jumped straight into the hole feet first. As he fell, Lloyd reached out in the dark, grasping for the rope. He was falling fast now but managed to catch hold of it with one gloved hand. 
His descent halted, and the rope swayed, wildly bashing him against the smooth stone walls of the chute. Still, he held on and finally grasped the rope with his other hand. 
From the top of the shaft, he heard a loud crash and splintering of wood. The barrel must have given way. There was no time left. Lloyd let go his firm grip and half slid, half fell the rest of the way to the bottom. If he had not been wearing gloves, his hands would have been stripped raw. 
He reached the bottom in a matter of seconds, barely maintaining his balance. When he stood up, he yelled up the shaft as loud as he could. 
“Delgron! Jump!”
Lloyd did not take his eyes off the hole as he heard more crashing noises coming down the shaft. This was followed by a resounding metal clang. Delgron must have been hit! Fear for the warrior raced through his body. 
I should never have left him! Lloyd made up his mind. He was going back up to help Delgron. 
As he grasped the rope to begin climbing, he heard a second metal clang. Lloyd started up the rope. He could clearly see the top of the chute but then something obscured his view. A light shown from below him through the shaft and illuminated it a good way up. He heard Glo’s voice call from below. 
“Wait, Lloyd! Look!” 
Lloyd stared at the obstruction above him and saw the gleam of something metallic. The obstacle was coming closer. He caught a glimpse of blonde hair. It was Delgron! The warrior had made it into the chute after all. He was slowly floating down the shaft toward them. 
Lloyd jumped back down and out of the way as Delgron fell through the hole in the ceiling and landed on his feet. As he reached out to him, Delgron crumpled to the ground. 
“Delgron!” Lloyd cried in panic. 
“No!” Brundon cried, equally horrified.
The two of them reached out and caught the big man before he hit the ground. Glo and Aksel knelt down beside them as they laid the big man down gently. Lloyd caught sight of a huge dent in the side of Delgron’s armor. 
“That… thing…sure…hits hard,” Delgron gasped, a forced smile on his face. Then he passed out. 
Aksel must have also seen the dent. He immediately placed his hands over the area and began praying over the big man. The little cleric’s hands began to glow with a brilliant white light. The reflection mirrored off Delgron’s armor, lighting up the entire storage room. Delgron was still at first then began shifting around. Finally, his face relaxed, and he fell into a peaceful sleep. 
Aksel sat back and sighed. 
“Whew. That is one lucky man. The full plate saved his life. If he had been wearing anything less, that blow would have killed him. As it stands, he had some cracked ribs. I did manage to heal them. He’ll probably wake up in a bit. He’ll be sore, but he will be able to move.”
“Thank you, Aksel,” Brundon said sincerely. “Delgron is like a brother to me. If anything happened to him…I don’t know what I would do.”
Aksel just smiled in response.
That was the first time Lloyd saw Brundon show concern for anyone other than himself. Lloyd originally thought the man a pure mercenary, only interested in money. Perhaps Brundon was not so bad after all. 
Brundon and Lloyd picked the big man up together and moved him away from the chute. Brundon took off his cloak and bunched it up under his friend’s head. 
Lloyd grinned and was about to say something when all of a sudden they heard a terrible racket coming from behind them. Everyone turned and saw dust falling out of the chute. They all went over to the hole and looked up the shaft. 
Something was blocking their view. Whatever it was, it was thrashing around inside the shaft. This was followed by the sound of stone banging on stone and more dust fell on them from out of the chute.
 “It’s the golem!” Aksel cried out in amazement. “It must have jumped into the chute and tried to follow us down here. Now it’s stuck. Wedged in tight between the stone walls.”
“Guess that thing won’t be going anywhere anytime soon,” Brundon noted, the relief apparent in his voice.
“So now what?” Lloyd asked, his voice betraying his nervousness now that they were stuck in the basement maze and the only way they knew out of there was completely blocked.
“And where’s Seth?” Glo added anxiously.

Seth was rifling through the bugbear’s belongings, looking for anything that might be of use to them, but he had not found anything of worth. He went back to the door and listened for the golem’s footsteps. That’s when he heard a shout in the hallway. 
“Come here!” the voice cried, followed heavy thudding. The door began to rattle as the thudding grew louder. It grew softer again, signifying that the golem must have passed the door. 
Seth opened the door a crack and chanced a look out into the hall. He saw the golem at the end of the hallway where the pantry was. It was now facing toward the smaller corridor. That was not a good sign. He heard the voice yell out once more.
 “Knock down the door, and kill them all!” It sounded like an old man. Telvar! 
Seth strained his eyes but could not see the wizard anywhere. Either he was around the corner or…he was invisible! 
An experienced mage could cast a spell to make himself invisible. Any caster that could do that would be far more skilled than their entire party. This did not bode well for them. In a straight out duel, Telvar would easily kill Glo. No, they would have to take this wizard by surprise if they were going to live through this. 
Surprise was Seth’s specialty.
Seth backed into the room and reached into his pack. He took out a grey cloak which would blend in with the stone walls of the hallway. As he wrapped himself in the cloak, he heard a crashing sound from the hallway. 
The creature must be trying to break into the pantry! Seth slowly crept back out into the hall. The banging continued, and Seth could hear the cracking of wood. The door to the pantry would not hold long. He could not rush. He needed to be stealthy or they would have no chance at all. 
Seth crept down the hall as the pounding continued. He listened as he approached the end of the hall, hoping to hear the wizard’s voice again. If he could just pinpoint Telvar’s location… That’s when he heard the old mage again. 
“Harder!” the voice cried. “Harder!”
The old wizard was definitely somewhere at the end of the hall. Hopefully, he was intent on his golem and would not glance this way. Still, it was best to be as cautious as possible. He would only get one chance at this, and he needed to make it count.
Seth moved very slowly, doing his best to minimize any motion. He did not want any quick movements to catch the wizard’s eye. Luckily he was well trained in the art of blending in with his surroundings. With the grey cloak wrapped around him, he was nearly invisible himself. 
As Seth neared the end of the corridor, he caught sight of the golem around the corner. The stone creature was intent on bashing down the door. Seth knew that golems did not have minds of their own, and this one was strictly obeying its master’s last command. 
He had now reached the end of the hall. There was a door directly at his back. He waited there, trying to pinpoint the location of the wizard but could not hear anything else with the racket that the golem was making.
The golem smashed through the upper part of the pantry door. Seth heard Delgron’s voice from inside.
“Go, Lloyd! I’ll hold him off until you get down.” 
Then a disembodied voice screamed right in front of him. 
“Kill them all!” 
He had him! The venom dagger was already out in his right hand. He began inching forward. Still, he needed to be within quick stabbing distance to be certain.
“Go!” he heard Delgron yell. “I’ve got Aksel’s ring. The faster you get down that rope, the sooner I can jump.”
Then he heard Lloyd’s voice. 
“Alright! But you better be right behind me.” 
Seth tried his best to remain detached and concentrate on the task at hand, but it was difficult. These were the first real friends he had since... Seth shut off the thought and steeled his mind, instead focused on finding the wizard. 
The huge stone golem was to his right, kicking in the bottom of the door. Wood went flying everywhere. He chanced a quick glance inside the doorway and saw Delgron standing in the little room, shield held up in front of him with a club in his right hand. 
Now that was brave. But Seth would never have admitted it out loud. If asked, he would have said Delgron was being stupid. 
The golem then inserted its large bulk into the doorway and blocked his view. Seth wrenched his eyes away and looked again for the wizard. 
Where was he? He concentrated on the task at hand, ignoring the crashing and banging sounds coming from the pantry. There! He could hear heaving breathing in front of him now. 
Abruptly, a loud clanging sound came from the pantry. That sounded like stone on metal! A sudden cold chill rode up his spine. 
The heavy breathing was moving away from him now. It was headed toward the pantry door. 
Seth pivoted to follow it. He heard a second metal clang, and then the crashing sounds stopped. Telvar’s voice screamed out again, right in front of him this time. Seth was practically on top of the old wizard!
“Don’t let them escape!” the old mage cried. “Go after them! Both of you! Go down the basement! Kill them all!”
It was now or never. He had caught a glimpse of Telvar when he burst in on them in the lab. He estimated the mage to be about five and a half feet tall. Based on that, Seth targeted where the wizard’s heart should be. Bracing himself, he stabbed at an upward angle as hard as he could. 
He was rewarded with the feeling of the dagger sliding into something. That was followed by a shrill scream. Seth ignored the cry and invoked the dagger’s magic with a single word, “Venenum”. 
He must have guessed right and hit a vital organ. There was a loud groan. He felt whatever he had stabbed slump down. It fell forward and hit the floor. 
Without warning, a body materialized in front of him on the ground. It was indeed the old wizard. Seth withdrew his knife and checked the mage’s pulse. He was dead.
Seth heard more crashing sounds coming from the pantry. He looked up but saw nothing in the room. The golem was no longer there, nor was any of his companions. He heard the crashing sounds again. 
Seth went into the room and looked around. The noises were coming from the chute. He went to the edge and looked down. There was a light at the bottom of the shaft, but a shadow was blocking most of it. The obstruction began to move, thrashing around in the chute.
It was the golem! It had tried to climb down and was now stuck. 
Seth laughed. The single minded creature followed its master’s last command faithfully. It tried to follow his friends down into the basement. The golem had no real intelligence and without guidance would never have known that it could not fit in the chute. Seth finally stopped giggling and yelled down the chute. 
“Are you guys down there?”
A couple of seconds later a voice responded. 
“Seth? Is that you?” It was Aksel.
“Yep. It’s me!” he cried back down the chute, still feeling somewhat giddy after their recent close call.
“Where were you?” Aksel yelled back, sounding like a concerned parent.
“I was searching the rooms. Then I heard all the commotion!” he cried back down the shaft. “I came back and saw the golem attacking you. The wizard was controlling it. So I killed him!”
“You did what?” This time it was Glo. He sounded quite surprised.
“I killed him!” Seth shouted back, pleased that he was able to shock his normally stoic friend. His enjoyment was cut short when he heard another voice yelling from down below. This time it was Brundon. 
“We got trouble!” the tracker cried. “It’s another golem!”
Blast! The other Golem was also obeying its master’s last command. It went down to the basement and was going to kill the rest of the party.
His mind raced. Golems were magical constructions. Mages created them to do their bidding. The control over these creatures was typically through some kind of item. But what item?
“Quick close the door. Lloyd, Brundon try to hold it!” he heard Aksel yell frantically.
Whatever it was, the wizard must have been carrying it on him. Seth ran back out into the hall and stood over Telvar’s inert form. Fortunately, he also had some skill with magic. With Glo and Aksel around, he hadn’t needed to use it. Now his friends’ lives depended on it.
Seth began to concentrate, slowly moving his hands over the mage’s body in a circular motion. When he felt the magic build enough, he said the words, “Nullam Deprehendere”. The two rings the wizard had been wearing began to glow, as did the cloak he was wrapped in. The spell had worked! 
The cloak could wait. Right now he was concerned with the rings. They had to be the controlling mechanisms, one for each golem. He bent down and slid them off the dead mage’s fingers. Then he ran back into the pantry and stood over the chute. 
Seth heard pounding coming from the basement. Then he heard Brundon’s frenzied cry. 
“We can’t hold it. It’s gonna break through!”
“Seth!” he heard Glo scream.
“I’m here,” he cried back down the chute hurriedly. “Telvar had two magical rings. I have them now.” 
“Destroy them. Quickly!” Glo cried frantically.
Of course. Destroying the rings would destroy the golem!
 “Yeah,” he yelled down the chute, “I’m on it.”
Seth surveyed the pantry room. There in the corner lay a twisted piece of gleaming metal. Seth went over to investigate. It was the remains of Delgron’s shield. It must have been knocked out of his hand by the first golem. Seth could use it to crush the rings. 
He held out both rings in his hands. Neither one appeared that special, both being a plain ribbon of gold. He could destroy them both, but something in the back of his mind stopped him. So which one do I choose?
Below he heard a crash. 
“It’s breaking through the door!” he heard Brundon’s desperate cry.
It’s now or never! He picked the ring in his left hand and put it down on the ground. Then he grabbed the heavy metal shield and lifted it over his head with both hands. With a swift heave, he brought it crashing down on the ring. There was a crunching sound as the metal slammed into the stone floor. 
Down below, everything went still. Seth stood frozen, listening. All at once, he heard screams coming up the chute. 
Gods! He had smashed the wrong ring. Now all his friends were going to die. 
Suddenly he heard an excited voice. 
“You did it, Seth! You did it!” It was Aksel. 
A wave of relief washed over Seth. Those weren’t screams of agony; they were cries of joy! He called back down the shaft. 
“Was the golem destroyed?”
“Yes! It turned to dust.” It was Glo this time. 
The other golem started thrashing around inside the chute again. 
Seth stood up and laughed. The second stone creature was not going anywhere. He looked at the second ring still in his right hand and pocketed it.
“I’ll be down in a few minutes,” Seth called down the chute.
“Okay,” he heard Aksel yell back.
Seth went back out into the hall and removed the magical cloak from Telvar’s corpse. This could come in handy. He also searched the mage’s pockets and found a small book. Flipping through the pages, it appeared to be a book of spells. 
Glo should be able to make good use of this. 
Seth stood up and grinned. Things had turned out just fine after all. He was still grinning as he walked down the hall and down the stairs to find the others.

The Ancient Scroll
This would give him all the power he needed.
It was midafternoon when Glo, Aksel, and Seth reentered the wizard’s lab. Seth found the entrance to the basement easily from the first floor. Once down there, it was only short distance to the storage room where his friends were holed up. 
If they had proceeded just a bit farther through the basement, they would have stumbled across the exit. It was probably just as well. If they had taken the stairs up, they would have run into the golems out in the open, and things might not have gone so well. 
Once everyone was back upstairs, Seth and Brundon went to scout out the upper levels. Before he left, Seth presented Glo with Telvar’s spellbook. 
Glo had been surprised by the gift. Seth, not normally one to share anything, could be extremely generous at times. One never knew what to expect from the halfling. Glo believed that Seth liked being unpredictable, that it satisfied his offbeat sense of humor.
While they waited, Glo cracked open Telvar’s spellbook and leafed through the pages. All wizards had spell books. Glo himself had one, though it was not very full. 
His father, Amrod, had a few of them. There was a particularly thick one on a stand in his father’s lab and a pocket sized one the elder mage always carried with him. Amrod would not allow Glo access to those books. They were strictly off limits. Whenever he mentioned them, Glo received a lecture about the dangers of magic he was “not ready to handle”. 
Once he began his arcane studies with Amrod, the elder mage supplied Glo with a few scribed pages of spells that were deemed safe. It was a very limited list though, totaling only a few spells at most. 
Thus the recovery of Telvar’s personal spellbook was an amazing find for the young wizard. However, on further examination, Glo realized he would not be able to use most of the spells. There were many that were honestly beyond him. Those would require far more study on his part to master them. Yet there were a few spells that he could probably teach himself in the next couple of days, so it was not a total loss.
When Seth and Brundon returned, they announced that the place was now deserted. The bugbear children Seth ran into earlier were nowhere to be found. Some of the packs and cooking supplies were gone from the bugbears’ living quarters. They must have packed up and left while the companions were still in the basement.
Aksel sent Brundon to get the horses and riding dogs while Lloyd stood guard at the entrance. Meanwhile, Delgron was still feeling the after effects of his run in with the stone golem. Seth, Aksel, and Glo took the warrior up to Telvar’s bedroom to rest. Delgron protested at first, but he fell fast asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
The trio then headed for Telvar’s lab. With the rest of the keep mapped out and still no sign of Maltar’s scroll, the lab was the only place left to look. Not to mention that Telvar was more experienced with magic than any of them. There was no telling what helpful items they might find there.
The door to Telvar’s lab was locked, but that was no problem for Seth. As soon as they were inside, the halfling began sweeping the lab, looking first for traps then for secret doors and compartments. 
Once they knew it was safe, Aksel started going through the bookshelves. Meanwhile, Glo searched through the parchments and books scattered across the tables. It wasn’t long before Aksel called to the others. 
“Look what I found.” The gnome held a small book open in his hands. “It appears to be Telvar’s journal.” 
Glo went to peer over Aksel’s shoulder as he continued leafing through the book. “It seems that Telvar came here looking for the secret to golem creation. There are a number of references in here to scrolls and manuals that he was searching for.”
“Hmmm,” Glo murmured, “that’s interesting. I wonder if one of those scrolls is the one Maltar wants.”
“Bet Telvar would have loved to see that manual we found in the basement,” Seth called over his shoulder. The halfling was searching the walls and floors for hidden compartments. “Too bad he’ll never see it now.”
“Look here,” Glo pointed to a passage in the book. He began to read out loud. “I’ve found two of the old golem master’s stone golems and their control rings.”
“Interesting," Aksel mused, looking up from the journal. "So Telvar did not create the golems but rather found them."
“Doesn’t surprise me,” Seth remarked. He was now on the floor examining the stone tiles.
“The real question is what were two stone golems doing here in these ruins in the first place?” Aksel added, his brow furrowing as he contemplated the question further. 
“The old golem master,” Glo repeated the phrase over again. “He could be referring to Larketh, the Golem Thrall Master.”
“That is a distinct possibility,” Aksel closed the journal and turned to face Glo. “Not many have the knowledge or skills to build a stone golem.” He paused a moment, his hand going to his chin. “Between that manual we found and the two stone golems, maybe…this might have been one of Larketh’s strongholds.”
The wizard and cleric grew silent as they considered the ramifications of their discovery. They were both jarred from their musings when Seth cried out triumphantly.
“I found something!” 
Aksel and Glo turned simultaneously to see their halfling friend kneeling on the floor in the center of the room. He had lifted a stone tile out of the floor, and it now lay next to a hole he had uncovered. The duo walked over and saw that there was a hidden box in the space below the floor. 
Seth was searching around the box with his nimble fingers. He stopped and slowly twisted something underneath the floor. There was an audible click. He reached down and lifted the box out of the hole. It had a lock on it, but he disengaged it. He lifted the lid and whistled softly. 
Inside the box was a gilded scroll case. Seth gently lifted the burnished case out of the box and popped the lid off the casing. They peeked inside and saw the edges of a scroll. The paper looked brand new, neither yellowed with age nor frayed in the slightest. It was either a new scroll or it was indeed old with some kind of preservation spell cast on it. 
“I assume this is what Maltar is looking for,” Aksel said in a noticeably hushed voice.
"There's only one way to be sure," Seth held the case up to Glo.
Glo began to reach for the scroll case but stopped. A few days ago he would have immediately removed the scroll, unfolded it, and scanned its secrets without a second thought. However, after the mishaps of the last two days, he was no longer quite so certain of himself. Perhaps his father was right, at least about being careful with magic, that is.
“Is everything ok?” Aksel asked, disrupting Glo’s train of thought. There was a small measure of concern in his voice.
“Oh, yes,” Glo assured him, “everything’s fine.” Even if he was not going to study the scroll, he at least needed to confirm that this was the one they were looking for. Glo reached out, took the case from Seth’s hand, then walked over to the nearest table with it.
"Help me make some room.”
Seth and Aksel helped him clear out an area big enough for the scroll. Glo then turned the case over and let the scroll slide out into his hand. Putting the case aside, he placed the scroll on the table and slowly unrolled the top part until he could see some of the writing on it. The duo stood on either side of him gazing at the half unrolled parchment in front of them. 
Peering at the scroll, Glo realized it was completely written in ancient runes. This was not a typical scroll at all. Thankfully, Glo was familiar with runes, his father including the subject as part of his regular studies. Still, he had never seen runes like this before.
"Well?" Seth asked impatiently. "Is it the one?"
“I think so…" Glo trailed off. 
How was he going to verify the scroll’s contents? There was a spell that might help him decipher the runes, but he had a strange feeling they would be resistant to it. This did not appear to be just some simple language in front of him…then it hit him: these were runes of great power. He knew it instinctively. 
This scroll was written by an ancient wizard so far beyond his meager abilities that he was a mere fly in comparison. Who was he kidding? In front of him was magic that would make the most dangerous spells he knew look like a child's toy, and look how much damage he had done with those. 
An image of the explosion at the top of the tower came unbidden to his mind. This time Glo did not flinch. He accepted it for the mistake it was. Glo needed to be far more careful with magic from now on. A spell like the one now in front of him belonged with someone who could handle it, someone like his father Amrod…or Maltar. Having made up his mind, he picked up the scroll and began to roll it up.
"What's going on?" Seth asked, sounding surprised.
"Don't worry. This is indeed the scroll Maltar is looking for." Glo finished rolling up the scroll and grabbed the case. He lifted it up, gently slid the scroll back inside, and then took the lid and firmly reattached it to the top of the case.
"That's great, Glo," Aksel said slowly, "but are you sure you’re okay?" 
Glo turned to face his friends. He noted the worried expression on Aksel’s face. Much to his surprise, he saw something bordering on concern in Seth's eyes as well. He smiled genuinely at the two and said, “Let’s just say that I’m learning not to play with fire.”
“That’ll be the day,” Seth retorted immediately.
Normally Glo would have been irritated by the response. Yet he was suddenly in a good mood and found that Seth's taunting did not to bother him. Instead of lashing out at his sardonic friend, Glo just smiled. 
This out of character reaction made Seth extremely uncomfortable. He stared at Glo for a few moments with a confused look on his face. 
"What, no irate comeback?" Seth asked finally.
"I guess I must be slipping," Glo responded, still grinning at his bewildered friends. 
They were interrupted by the sound of horses’ hooves outside. All three went to the window and gazed down into the courtyard below. Brundon was leading a string of horses and dogs through the main gate. Lloyd came out of the keep to give him a hand.
“Let’s get Delgron and go meet the others,” Aksel decided. “If we leave now, we can be back in Ravenford before dark.”

The wizard Maltar was sitting in his laboratory when he heard a quiet knock at his door. “What is it?” the old wizard yelled, not bothering to get up.
“There are some travelers to see you, Master,” a voice said from the other side of the door. 
“Tell them to go away!” Maltar yelled. Stupid apprentices. They should know better than to bother me while I’m busy.
“But, Master,” came the fawning voice through the door, “they say they’ve found the scroll you were looking for.”
Travelers? What travelers? Oh, yes, the old mage remembered. That table of common buffoons I found at the inn yesterday.
He paused in mid thought. Maltar sprang up and rushed to the door. The old wizard swung it opened and stared into the face of his disciple.
“Did you say they found the scroll?”
“Yes, Master,” the apprentice replied nervously.
This he had to see for himself. If these charlatans were trying to pass off a fake scroll to him, he would fry the lot of them for interrupting his research.
“Where are they?” Maltar demanded irritably.
“Downstairs, Master. In the parlor.”
Maltar dashed downstairs. He was half annoyed and half excited. When he got to the parlor, he found four young people sitting on his couch and chairs. 
There was a human in red armor, an elf in bright purple robes, a halfling dressed in black, and a gnome in white cleric’s robes. Yes, now he definitely remembered. These were the riffraff from the tavern yesterday. He had sought them out when he heard this group had some modicum of success fending off a band of orcs the previous day. 
He thought that perhaps they might not be too inept and could map out the old keep on Stone Hill for him. Was it possible that they found the scroll? 
The travelers all rose as he entered the room. 
Calming himself, Maltar said congenially, “Welcome. I hear that you have completed the errand I bestowed on you.”
 “Yes, we have, Wizard Maltar,” the gnome spoke for the group. “We successfully made it to Stone Hill and back again as you instructed. Here is a map of the ruins, as you asked.” 
The little gnome walked over to the wizard and handed him some parchments. 
Maltar took the papers and look them over, but this was not what he was interested in. If they were wasting his time…
Then the elf stepped forward. In his hands, he held a gilded scroll case. 
“And here, I believe, is the scroll that you were looking for,” he said, holding out the case to the old mage.
Maltar reached out slowly and took it from the elf. With trembling hands, he opened the end and looked inside. The parchment appeared brand new. He emptied the contents into his hands, handing the case back to the elf. 
Turning so that he was the only one who could see it, he slowly unraveled the scroll until he could see the top line of writing. Those runes. This was it! This was indeed the scroll he was looking for. 
He rolled the parchment back up and took the case back from the elf. He gently slid the scroll back inside and resealed the lid on top of it. This would give him all the power he needed. Now they would have to accept him!
“Ahem,” someone cleared their throat.
Maltar was broken out of his revelry. Turning, he saw it was the gnome.
“There is the matter of our reward?”
“Yes, yes,” Maltar replied, waving a hand to his apprentice. “Pay them. 5,000 gold, I believe.”
“5,500,” the halfling spoke up. “500 for the map, and 5,000 for the scroll.”
“Yes, that’s right,” Maltar said absently. “Pay them 5,500 gold,” he ordered his apprentice.
He could not believe they found the scroll. Maybe this little band was not as useless as he originally thought. The old wizard turned to leave the room but then heard someone clearing their throat again.
 “Yes?” Maltar asked, half turning back toward the group, still staring at the scroll case in his hand.
“Please let us know if we can ever be of service to you again,” the gnome said.
“Yes,” Maltar replied, pursing his lips and nodding. “Indeed I will.”
With that he turned on his heel and hurried back up stairs. He had much preparing to do before he would be ready. But he had the scroll. Finally!

Lloyd, Seth, Glo, and Aksel walked down the road away from Maltar’s cottage.
“Well, that was profitable,” Seth noted, sounding quite satisfied.
“Yes. Not so bad for our first real mission,” Aksel agreed, also appearing quite pleased.
“So what’s next?” Glo asked as they continued down the street.
Seth responded almost immediately, “I for one would like to return to Stone Hill sometime soon. If we could figure out how to work that ring and control that Golem, it could come in handy. And, of course, I still want my couch.”
Glo, Aksel, and Lloyd all stopped and turned to look at the halfling. Seeing the grin on his face, they could not help but grin back and burst out into laughter. Still chuckling, the foursome continued on their way back down the road toward the inn.


Wizards’ Duel
You seem to have a habit of killing wizards, young elf.
.
The common room of the Dying Minotaur had been abuzz since the company returned from their excursion to Stone Hill. Brundon sat at the bar, relating a somewhat embellished version of the story to any and all who cared to hear the tale; and in a small town like Ravenford, that was pretty much everyone. 
Lloyd, Seth, Aksel, and Glo sat quietly at a table in the center of the room. The effervescent Kailay was waiting on them, making an extra fuss over Lloyd. 
Folks from over at the bar, in between listening to Brundon’s tale, would turn and stare at the foursome, occasionally raising a mug in their direction. A couple even bought them a round of drinks. 
As Kailay finished circling around the table, laying out their dinner plates, she asked, “Is all that really true? Did you actually fight off twenty skeletons, thirty zombies, fifty bugbears, five stone men, and an evil wizard?” She ticked the different kinds of monsters off on her one hand as she tried to remember exactly what Brundon was relating to everyone.
The companions exchanged brief smiles with one another, then Glo spoke up for the group. “Let’s just say that Brundon has a tendency to stretch the truth a bit.”
“There weren’t that many monsters…or golems,” Lloyd added in between bites. The young man was ravenous from the exertions of the last couple of days and had dug into his meal as if he hadn’t eaten the entire time.
Placing her hands on her hips, Kailay said, “Either way, this town is grateful to you for clearing out that den of monsters.” Then she leaned over and placed her small hand on Lloyd’s broad arm. He stopped his eating momentarily and turned to look up at her. Kailay added quietly, “And I for one am very grateful.” 
Lloyd sat back, flushing slightly. Glo, Aksel, and Seth exchanged a knowing look, trying hard to hide their mirth at their human friend’s obvious discomfort.
“It…” the young warrior stammered, “was nothing…nothing at all.”
“Well,” Kailay said, slowly standing up, obviously pleased with the effect she was having on the young man. “I think you should be rewarded,” she continued in a sultry voice. “Let me know…if there is anything else I can do for you…”
Lloyd turned positively scarlet, his face nearly as red as his leather armor. 
Kailay flashed one of her devastating smiles then turned and slowly walked away. They watched as the flirtatious young woman sauntered across the tavern common room and through the kitchen doors. She threw them one last look over her shoulder as she disappeared. The travelers had been so intent on Kailay that they were startled when a familiar voice spoke up behind them. 
“I’d say you’re going to have to do something about that one.” The foursome turned and saw Delgron standing on the other side of their table. “And soon,” he added, a wide grin across his face.
Lloyd, still somewhat flushed, responded in a quiet voice, “Ummm…yeah, I guess.”
Delgron threw his head back and laughed loudly. “Lloyd, you are something,” he continued. “You’re not afraid of monsters, mages, or even stone golems. But one small blonde girl frightens you to death.” 
At that, the entire table burst into laughter. Even Lloyd began to grin, albeit sheepishly.
“It’s alright,” Delgron continued when the merriment died down. “We all have our weaknesses.” 
He put down his ale, grabbed an empty chair from the next table over, and sat down with them. Leaning forward, he said softly “Brundon actually has two of them…fame and fortune.” 
They all turned to look over at the bar. Brundon was still talking on, his arms waving around, the audience wrapped in his ongoing tale.
Aksel turned back toward Delgron and shrugged. “As you said, everyone has their weak points.”
“So I trust that you don’t mind his…embellishing the story?” Delgron asked hesitantly, his large face filled with apprehension.
Glo shook his head no, as did Lloyd. 
“He’s not exactly hurting our reputation,” Seth pointed out.
Delgron visible relaxed. “Thank you for understanding,” he said with a wan smile. “Sometimes Brundon can get carried away…especially when it comes to drumming up business.”
“As long as he remembers who the real hero is,” Seth added pointedly.
Delgron smiled broadly at the halfling. “I will make sure he gives proper credit where it is due.” Lifting his mug off the table, Delgron held it forward in front of him. “To fame and fortune,” he said jokingly.
Lloyd, Seth, Aksel, and Glo stopped eating and reached forward, gripped their own mugs, and raised them in turn. “To fame and fortune,” they all responded in an equally irreverent tone. 
The five companions drank deeply from their cups, Lloyd and Delgron completely emptying their tankards. When they were done, Delgron put his hands on the table and rose. 
“It has been a pleasure, gentlemen,” he said, looking at them all. Then he bid adieu to the companions, returned his chair to the next table, and strode back to the bar. 
 “I really like that man,” Lloyd declared, retrieving his fork and knife and digging back into dinner.
Glo nodded his head. “I think we all do. He was a great help to us. He almost got himself killed single handedly holding off that golem. And he has not said one word of that to anyone.”
“Yes, he is definitely modest,” Aksel mused, his left hand going to his chin as he contemplated the subject. “If we do get more work, it might be worthwhile bringing him along.”
“Even if it means also bringing Brundon?” Seth inquired, a mischievous grin across his face.
Aksel gave Seth a pointed look, but he could not maintain it for long. The halfling’s humor struck a chord with the gnome, and before long Aksel also broke out into a grin.
“Speaking of work, what do we do next?” Lloyd asked, throwing his fork and knife down onto his now empty plate.
“Well,” Seth ventured, “I really would like to go get that golem.”
“Hmmm,” Aksel murmured., still stroking his beardless chin. “It was fairly well stuck in the pantry chute last time we saw it. It is probably still there.”
“But it has probably damaged itself in the process of trying to get out,” Glo mused aloud. The elf brought his hands up in front of his face and made a steeple in front of his lips as he thought about the problem. 
He imagined that the creature would continue to hammer against the stone walls of the chute in an effort to break free. As it did so, it would inevitably chip off pieces from its own body. After all, the creature was only made of stone; it was not indestructible.
Aksel spoke up. “Be as that may, the first thing would be to actually gain control of the golem. We wouldn’t want to set it free until then, considering its last instructions were to kill us all.”
Seth had also finished eating. He now leaned back in his chair, his hands folded comfortably behind his head. “I’m working on that.”
“Really?” Aksel replied, a skeptical look on his face. “How’s that going so far?”
“Well…according to Glo, the golem creation manual said that the control mechanism needs some kind of password to make it work. Then we found this passage in Telvar’s notes. It alluded to the control device and mentioned something about Telvar’s first love.”
Aksel raised an eyebrow. “Please continue.”
Seth stared up at the ceiling as if the answer was written up there somewhere. “I looked over the ring itself, but there were no markings of any kind on it.” Then he shrugged and looked at Glo.
“Soooo,” Glo picked up where his friend had left off, “Considering that Telvar is dead now…thank you, Seth,” he nodded to the halfling, “we were thinking that Maltar might have known him. If he did, he may be able to give us some insight into the man.”
“Okay, then,” Aksel folded his hands in front of him on the table, “assuming we do gain control of the golem, the next step would be to get it out of the chute.” 
Lloyd opened his mouth to speak, but Aksel held up a hand and continued, “The thing is huge and made of solid stone. My guess is that it probably weighs about 2,000 pounds. I doubt even Lloyd with Delgron’s help could lift that.” 
Lloyd sat back and closed his mouth.
Glo considered the problem of extracting the golem from the chute. The creature was made of solid stone, and as Aksel had just pointed out, lifting it was out of the question. So, if it could not go up, then it had to go down. The only problem was that it was far too big to fit through the chute. 
Was there any way to make the golem smaller so that it would fit through the shaft? Maybe if it wasn't so solid it could slide down the chute. Wait, what was that again? Slide? That was it!
“Stone to Clay,” he said aloud.
“Stone to Clay,” Aksel repeated slowly. “You mean, change the golem from solid earth to liquid earth?”
“That would do it!” Seth chimed in almost jumping out of his chair. “The golem would basically drip out of the chute into the basement below.”
“But isn’t that a very complicated spell?” Aksel asked, looking dubiously at Glo. “I mean, no offense, but don’t you need to be a very experienced wizard to cast that?”
“If by experienced wizard, you mean is it beyond me? Then the answer is yes…” Glo responded frankly.
“But it wouldn’t be beyond Maltar,” Seth finished the statement for him, hardly containing his excitement at the idea.
“No, it certainly wouldn’t,” Aksel nodded, leaning back and stroking his chin. “However…I have a feeling that it would come at a price. We would need a scroll inscribed with the spell since it is not something that Glo here could cast…” He looked over at his elf friend and added, “Well, not yet.”
“No, not quite yet,” Glo agreed with a hint of a smile on his lips. 
“And anyway, once the golem was out, we would still need to change it back to stone again. A mud golem would be pretty useless.”
“So we would need the reverse spell, Mud to Rock,” Glo said as he thought the rest of it through. "And...that way any damage the creature incurred inside the chute would have been smoothed over and fixed by the transformation to mud and then back to stone again.”
Aksel was silent once more, considering that last idea. “Yes,” he nodded finally, “that just might do it. We would need a second scroll from Maltar though. And again, somehow I don’t think he is just going to give them to us for nothing.”
“Doesn’t hurt to ask,” Seth grinned.
“Well…I’d be willing to go talk with Maltar in the morning,” Glo offered, looking from Aksel to Seth, “But Aksel is right. This is all a moot point if we can’t use the golem ring.”
“Don’t worry so much,” Seth declared, stretching and yawning. “I’m sure…we’ll figure…it out.”
It was getting late, and the adventurers were bone weary after a very long, strenuous couple of days. They all got up from the table, left a generous tip for Kailay, and headed down the hall and up stairs to the second floor. There the four travelers bid each other goodnight and adjourned to their rooms for a well-deserved rest.

After breakfast, Glo began the short trek to Maltar’s cottage. The young wizard was so deep in thought that he missed the tavern door quietly opening and closing behind him after he had passed through it himself. 
The wizard Maltar had quite a reputation. He was well known in these parts for his prowess with arcane magic. From what Kailay told them, the mage was the Baron’s advisor in that area. Since Gryswold and Maltar’s falling out a few years back, the mage now mostly kept to himself. 
Maltar was known for being irritable and short tempered. Not the most ideal person to be asking information from, let alone a favor. Just how was he going to approach the old mage? 
Glo had been staring at the ground as he was walking. He looked up and realized he was already in front of the Maltar’s cottage. 
It really was a homey looking place with its dark brown exterior, windows framed with green shutters, and encircled by thick green trees and neatly trimmed grass. The entire lot was surrounded by a white picket fence, but the pleasant exterior belied the temperament of its primary inhabitant. 
Oh, well, here goes nothing. 
He opened the fence gate and strode up the narrow walkway to the front door of the house. He raised his hand hesitantly and then knocked on the door. No response. Glo waited at the door, doing his best to appear calm. Inwardly, he was still nervous about this whole encounter. 
The front door opened, and a thin pale young man in grey robes poked his head out. Glo did not recognize him. This must be another one of Maltar’s apprentices that they had not seen yesterday. 
“What is it?” the lean man said in a rude tone.
“Is Maltar home?” Glo asked, trying his best to be polite.
“Who wants to know?” the apprentice asked unpleasantly.
“My name is Glolindir. My friends and I had done your Master a service yesterday. I was wondering if I could ask him a couple of follow-up questions…”
“The Master’s busy and cannot be interrupted,” the lean apprentice said, cutting him off. “Now go away,” he added, shutting the door.
“Wait!” Glo cried stepping forward.
The rude apprentice continued to close the door until it slammed hard on the young elf’s foot.
“Ouch!” Glo yelled in pain. His foot was now wedged in the door and being squished between the heavy door and the frame. He tried pulling it back, but it was firmly stuck. He nearly lost his balance trying to dislodge it and barely kept himself from falling backwards. 
Glo was never quite sure what happened next. It wasn’t the pain; the door hadn’t been slammed on him that hard. Nor was it quite the feeling of foolishness as he stood there with his foot caught in the door. Perhaps it was an instinctive reaction after having been in life threatening conditions over the last few days. 
Either way, whatever the reason, Glo completely lost control. He lifted his finger and spoke the words that sent a magical projectile careening from his hand and through the crack in the door. 
He heard the impact followed by a groan from behind the semi-closed door. The door swung open wide. The lean apprentice stood there, a scorch mark on his chest from where the missile had exploded a second earlier. The anger drained out of Glo as he saw the damage he had done to the unsuspecting man. 
The apprentice’s face was now a mask of rage. It looked like he was about to scream at the elf at first, but then he raised his hands and began moving them in a familiar pattern. He was about to cast a spell of his own! 
Glo had no choice. He took a step back from the doorway and raised his own hands, beginning a counter spell. The man’s eyes went wide. He stopped casting and reached behind him clutching at his back with both hands. 
Glo watched in horror as the lean man’s face twisted. He looked like he was about to say something but could make nothing but gurgling sounds. Then the grey robed wizard’s apprentice fell forward on his face, his body lying across the open entryway. 
Glo spied a small figure standing in the foyer just behind the fallen apprentice. The diminutive form was dressed in black with a green cloak. A dagger gleamed in one outstretched hand. Recognition dawned on him. It was Seth! Where had he come from? He had not seen any sign of him prior to this.
Glo stared from his friend down to the man on the ground. “Seth? How did you…” Glo stopped short realizing that now was not the time to question his friend. Glo bent down and checked the man’s pulse. “He’s dead,” he pronounced after being unable to find any sign of a pulse.
“I didn’t mean to kill him.” Seth’s voice was hushed as he dropped the dagger. His face contorted, and tears began to well in his eyes. “I am not an assassin!” he declared vehemently. 
Then they heard a commotion coming from inside the house. “What’s going on out there? Who’s disturbing my work?” It was Maltar’s voice.
This was not good. If the mage found them both with the dead apprentice, he might just blast them out of existence. It was his own fault. He would accept the consequences alone.
“Quick, Seth, hide!” Glo whispered harshly.
“But…” the halfling said, tears streaming down his cheeks.
“There’s no time. Get out of here,” Glo hissed.
Seth bent down and retrieved his dagger. He grabbed his cloak, wrapped it around him, said a single word, and disappeared from sight.
Glo was momentarily startled. When had Seth learned to turn invisible? He had no time to ponder the matter further. Maltar entered the foyer. 
“There better be a good explanation…” the master wizard began as he walked forward toward the nervous elf. Then he looked down and saw the scrawny apprentice’s body. “What’s this?” Maltar exclaimed, clearly surprised at the strange sight. “Fliban, get up! Don’t just lie there!”
“I’m afraid he can’t,” Glo said quietly. 
Maltar looked up. “And why not?”
“He’s dead,” Glo replied, tensing himself for the inevitable response.
“Dead?” Maltar repeated doubtfully. Then the mage did something Glo would never have expected. He got close to the body of the hapless apprentice, pulled back one leg, and the kicked the corpse. When the man did not respond, the mage kicked him a second time, then a third. Glo just stared at the mage, unable to believe what he was seeing.
“Yep,” Maltar replied as he finally took a step back, “He’s dead alright.” The mage looked up and stared directly at Glo. He looked him up and down with dark penetrating eyes. Glo felt his skin crawl as Maltar scrutinized him. It was as if his very soul was bared before the awesome power of the old man. 
“So tell me what happened,” Maltar finally spoke in a commanding voice.
Glo related the conversation with Fliban and the rude behavior of the apprentice. Then he described the ensuing battle, short lived as it was. Glo left Seth’s name out of it. He had been the one who had lost his temper, not the halfling. If anyone deserved to be punished for this crime, it was him alone. 
Maltar continued to stare at him. Glo waited apprehensively for the mage to lift his hands and send him spiraling into oblivion. Then, without warning, Maltar threw back his head and let out a frightening cackle. 
“Ah ha ha!” he laughed shrilly. It was a hideous sound. Glo thought the man might be dying. 
“Serves…him…right!” Maltar gasped in between cackles. “I told him…he needed…to be faster with his spells.” 
The mage paused a moment to catch his breath. 
“So you got the drop on him, huh? Ha, ha, ha,” he continued to chortle, doubling over and slapping his knee. He continued on like that for a good half minute. Finally the mage straightened up, tears streaming down his face. He wiped his eyes with his sleeve then produced a kerchief out of nowhere and blew his nose. When he was done, the kerchief magically disappeared. 
 “Very good, very good,” he said to Glo. “Come on in.” Maltar turned and motioned for him to follow.
Glo was stunned by the whole episode. His body was numb, but he woodenly obeyed the mage, stepping over the corpse of the fallen apprentice. He followed Maltar into the hallway, still feeling like this was all some kind of weird dream. Down the hall past the mage, Glo spied two other robed people, a man and a woman. 
Maltar called out to them, “Fliban’s gone and got himself killed. Go fetch the body from the foyer and bring it over to the temple. This young wizard here will be over shortly with the money to raise him.”
Maltar turned around and looked Glo straight in the eye. “You will raise him, won’t you?” he said mildly.
Glo realized that the mage was being deceptively calm. He was testing him to see what his intentions were. So what were his intentions? 
He knew that an experienced cleric could restore life to a recently departed soul. It was a spell of divine magic, commonly termed “Resurrect the Dead”. The concept was similar to what Aksel did with divine magic and healing wounds. However, the ingredients for casting the “Resurrect Dead” spell were far more costly. 
Temples would charge more for such services as a source of funding for their church. It turned out to be a good source of revenue as most clerics would band together and live in temples. Healers like Aksel, who traveled the lands, were few and far between. 
Now Maltar was basically giving Glo a chance to atone for his mistake and pay for the hapless Fliban’s restoration. It would cost quite a bit of money he realized, but, in truth, Glo was responsible for the apprentice’s death. 
He decided to bite the bullet and fund the resurrection. It would probably cost a good portion of the reward they just received, and the others would not be happy about it, but it was the right thing to do.
“Of course,” Glo replied as sincerely as possible. “As soon as we are done here, I will go get the money and head straight over to the temple.”
“Good,” Maltar nodded approvingly. “Now that that’s settled, we can get down to business.” 
The mage turned and led him into the parlor. It was a very comfortable looking room and was the same one in which they met Maltar the day before. There was a long brown couch and a couple of red padded chairs. A low table was set between them, and two smaller tables stood at either end of the couch. Long red drapes framed two windows on each exterior wall of the room. A few pictures hung around the room, mostly landscapes. 
Maltar motioned Glo to have a seat on the couch. The mage unceremoniously plopped himself down in a padded chair across from him.
“What can I do for you?” Maltar said.
Glo cleared his throat, still not sure where to begin. He decided to just lay everything on the table and hope that Maltar’s good mood would make him amenable to their request. 
“I was with the group of adventurers that procured that scroll for you yesterday,” Glo began.
“Yes, yes, I thought you looked familiar,” Maltar interrupted. “Go on, go on”.
“Anyway, when we were at the ruins on Stone Hill, we ran into another wizard. He was the one who had possession of the scroll.”
“Another wizard?” Maltar repeated as his eyes narrowed. “Had possession of my scroll?”
“Yes,” Glo responded slowly. “He was a dark mage. He tried to kill us, and we had no choice but to dispatch him.”
 “Hmmm,” Maltar murmured thoughtfully. “You seem to have a habit of killing wizards, young elf.”
Glo was not sure how to react. Maltar’s face was unreadable, and he could not tell if the mage was getting angry or not. 
There were a few moments of uncomfortable silence until Maltar finally spoke again. “Did you ever find out this dark mage’s name?”
“Yes,” he said quietly. “We found his journal. His name was Telvar.”
“Telvar?” Maltar said, a smirk creeping across his face. “That hack!” the mage declared emphatically. He paused for a moment then leaned forward. “And you killed him?”
 “Yes,” Glo replied uncomfortably. “He gave us little choice.”
“Good, good,” Maltar declared giving him an approving nod. The mood in the room lightened considerably as the mage continued talking. “He was more of a nuisance than a wizard. He was always trying to compete with me, not that he could even come close, mind you,” Maltar mused. “So, I don’t suppose you know what Telvar was up to in those old ruins, nor how he came across my scroll?”
“Well…” Glo began, deciding what to say. The mage looked pleased at the moment, and he did not want to say anything that might change his mood. “We did find his laboratory. He seemed to be researching the process of golem creation, best we could tell.”
“Golem creation?” Maltar interrupted one eyebrow rising. “Interesting. Go on.”
“He also had two stone golems with him in the ruins,” Glo continued.
“He had two stone golems?” Maltar exclaimed, standing up suddenly. The mage began to pace around the parlor. “Now how would that third rate hack come by stone golems?” Maltar whirled on Glo. “You did say two golems.”
“Yes,” Glo replied, nodding for emphasis. 
Maltar was turning out to be quite an unpredictable character. His emotions vacillated wildly from one extreme to the other. Glo felt like he was walking on eggshells around this mage. Even his father, Amrod, was not this temperamental. He continued with the story, hoping his explanation would mollify the irascible wizard. 
“His notes indicated that he found the golems and their controlling mechanisms in the ruins. And although he seemed to be researching the golem creation process, there was no indication in his notes that he actually discovered how to make one on his own.” 
Maltar relaxed. His shoulders dropped, and he stopped pacing. “Very good,” the mage nodded. “That was a very thorough piece of investigating there,” he added, looking at Glo appraisingly. Maltar paused, his hand going to his chin. He sat back down across from Glo. “So…tell me…where are these two stone golems now?”
“We had to destroy one of them,” Glo replied.
“You…destroyed…a stone golem?” Maltar asked, his face contorted with disbelief.
Glo threw up his hands in front of him. “No, no, not me alone. It took the combined efforts of our entire party.” 
“Really?” From his expression, Maltar was not convinced. “Your entire party? The entire group that was here yesterday?” Maltar added, pointing down at the floor.
“We did have two other mercenaries who we hired to help us,” Glo responded, “but they’re just regulars around town.”
Maltar shifted in his seat. He stared hard at Glo as he digested this bit of news. After a long pause, he began to speak again. 
“I would know if there was anyone in this town who had the power to destroy a stone golem. Therefore, I can only assume that you and your companions were primarily responsible for its demise. Though I will say, I am surprised.” The master wizard glared at Glo as he appraised him anew. “And the second golem?”
“Um, yes,” Glo replied, “that is one of the reasons I am here. The other stone golem is still intact. However, it is stuck in a shaft between the floors in the keep.”
“Come again?” Maltar said sitting forward in his chair.
“We were in a pantry,” Glo explained. “There was a chute in one corner that led down to the basement. We figure it must have been a dumbwaiter for carting up food from storage.” The mage watched him intently as he continued his story. “When the stone golem came after us, we all retreated down the chute into the basement. The mindless creature decided to follow us, but the shaft narrowed farther down, and the golem got stuck.” 
Maltar continued listening, but his eyes grew softer as he began to grasp the truth of the tale. Glo realized this next part was crucial. He needed to be very careful how he phrased it. 
“After Telvar’s demise, we found the control mechanism for the second golem on him. We were thinking…if we could figure out the password to it and then free the golem, it might be handy to have around.” Glo watched the mage apprehensively, not sure how the man would react to his statement. 
Maltar seemed to consider his words for a few moments, sitting back in his chair, stroking his beard. “Yes, a construct like that could indeed come in handy,” the mage mused. “To free it, you would need a spell of Stone to Clay. Then to repair it, you would need a spell of Clay to Stone.” 
The mage sat forward. “I can make up scrolls of those spells for you, but those are not cheap.” Maltar paused a moment to calculate the price in his mind. “It will cost you 4000 gold pieces apiece.”
“Understood,” Glo nodded, thinking the price was a bit steep. Still, he was relieved that the mage was even willing to make the scrolls for them.
“Excellent,” Maltar replied, getting up from his chair. He paused and looked down at Glo with those piercing eyes. “You are very to the point, young wizard. I can work with that. I seem to have an apprentice spot to fill at the moment. Tell me, would you be interested?”
Glo’s eyebrow shot up. Apprentice? To this volatile human? That would be worse than studying with his father. At least with Amrod he knew what to expect. He had known his father all his life and was aware of what the older elf’s limits were. 
This Maltar was a loose cannon that could go off at any second. If he did not accept the mage’s offer he was just as likely to be offended. If that happened, they would get nothing out of him. It looked like he had little choice. Glo swallowed hard. “Why…I would be most honored.”
“Very good,” Maltar nodded approvingly. “Now as far as the control mechanism password, that could be anything.”
“Yes,” Glo nodding in agreement. “But there was a hint in Telvar’s notes. It mentioned something about Telvar’s first love.”
“Heh,” Maltar gave a short laugh. “Telvar’s first love, you say? Well, I knew the wretch for a long time, and I can tell you, Telvar never loved anyone but himself.” 
Glo was about to respond when the two other apprentices entered the parlor. Maltar turned and looked at them expectantly. “Well?” the mage asked curtly. 
The woman said hesitantly, “Fliban’s body has been taken to the temple as you instructed. The clerics are preparing him to be raised. They will start the ceremony as soon as they receive their fee.”
 “Good, good,” Maltar replied. Then he motioned them to come over and join them. “Abracus, Gristla, this is Glolindir. He is my new apprentice.” 
Abracus and Gristla looked momentarily surprised by this news. Their eyes widened as they looked over at the elf that had just killed their counterpart. The duo recovered, most likely used to Maltar’s ever changing temperament. Both apprentices reached forward and grasped Glo’s hand in turn, welcoming him to their small group. 
“Glolindir here is quite resourceful as you have seen,” Maltar continued. “He will keep you on your toes.” He turned to him and said, “And Glolindir, if either of these two gives you any trouble, you have my permission to give them the same treatment you did Fliban.” 
The other two apprentices just stared at their Master with dumbfounded expressions. Glo was about to reply that he would never do such a thing when the mage turned and slapped him on his back. 
“That’ll keep them on their toes!” Maltar chortled wildly. The unpredictable man turned and walked out of the room. “This audience is over,” he called back over his shoulder. “Abracus! Gristla! Provide Glolindir with what he will need to perform his duties as my apprentice.” 
With that, Maltar disappeared, leaving the three young mages staring at each other in astonishment.

The Truth about Lloyd
Gods, the man could swing a blade!

Glolindir returned to the Dying Minotaur. His companions were waiting for him in a booth over in one corner of the common room. After the altercation with Fliban, Seth had returned to the inn and informed the others of what had happened. 
They put two and two together and already figured that they would have to pay for the resurrection of the misbegotten apprentice. Aksel and Lloyd were both okay with this, figuring it was the right thing to do. Even Seth, still mortified at what happened, raised no objections. 
Ostensibly, it would have cost them 5,000 gold pieces just for the materials required to perform the spell; it was actually diamonds that were necessary, according to Aksel. Maltar had some kind of deal though with Qualtan, the Abbot of the town temple. 
According to Kailay, Qualtan had traveled with Gryswold and Maltar back in their adventuring days. Thus, the charge for resurrecting Fliban was only 4,000 gold in total. 
Aksel, who had been holding onto the group’s funds, retrieved the necessary gold pieces. Seth insisted on walking it over to the temple. This was obviously something he needed to do, and the others did not stop him.
The trio spent their time talking about their options now that they were back to just over a thousand gold pieces. They would need at least 8,000 gold to pay for the two scrolls to free and repair the golem back at Stone Hill. 
Three days had passed since they left on Maltar’s quest, meaning there would be a town meeting up at the castle today. That was the same meeting where any trouble in the area was brought before the Baron. It was the perfect place for them to seek a job. 
The fact that they had developed somewhat of a reputation in town would help their cause. They saved the caravan from those orc bandits, and now they had successfully liberated Stone Hill. There was a good chance that the Baron might have already heard of their exploits and might be willing to throw some work their way. 
When Seth returned, the four adventurers decided to go up to the keep to see if they could get into the meeting. 
“We should dress in our best clothes…” Aksel began.
“Why?” Lloyd interrupted. 
Glo looked at the young man and noted a strange expression on his face.
“We’re going to court. What else would you wear?” Seth made it quite plain that he thought the question stupid.
Lloyd turned toward the halfling, flushing slightly. Then he gazed down at the table and mumbled, "I don't know." Just as suddenly, the young man looked up, his face alight as he added, "Maybe if we show up in our battle gear it will look more like we mean business.” 
“Why that’s the stupidest idea…” Seth started, but Aksel raised a small hand cutting him off.
Aksel turned to Lloyd and said delicately, “That might make the guards think we are looking for a fight.”
Lloyd sighed and looked back down at the table. Something was definitely not right here. It was not like the young warrior to react this way to anything. Glo glanced at Aksel and then Seth. Both gazed back at him and shook their heads.
“Lloyd…” Glo said softly, “is there something wrong?”
The young man looked up from the table and stared right at Glo. There was a strange look in his eyes, almost as if he were pleading for help. It was only there for a moment and then it was gone, replaced by an embarrassed smile. 
Lloyd gazed around the table and said, “No...I’m okay; and you’re all right. We should dress our best.”
Glo was still perplexed by Lloyd's reaction. A thought occurred to him. He said aloud, “Lloyd, do you have any dress clothes?”
“Oh, yeah, I definitely have dress clothes,” Lloyd replied, a look of irony across his normally carefree face. 
There was a momentary silence then the young man slid out of the booth. 
He stood up. “No use putting this off any longer. I might as well go get dressed.” With that Lloyd spun around and headed across the common room toward the hallway upstairs. 
When he was out of earshot, Seth turned to the others. “What was that all about?”
“I have no idea,” Aksel declared, a puzzled look on his face.
Glo had his suspicions. There was something Lloyd was not telling them. The young man had been skirting around it since they had first met him. His uncharacteristic behavior just now might very well have to do with whatever Lloyd’s secret was; but whatever it was, it was his business and therefore up to him to tell them if and when he wanted. 
For right now, they all needed to get changed. The trio followed their touchy companion upstairs. 
When Glo reached his room, Lloyd was sitting on his bed. His armor was off, and in its place he wore a plain white shirt. On the bed lay a fancy red tabard. Lloyd looked sullenly at the sleeveless coat as if loath to put it on.
“That’s a nice looking tabard,” Glo said tentatively.
The young man turned and said, “Thanks, Glo.”
“Well, are you going to put it on?”
“Yes,” Lloyd replied absently. He stood up, grabbed the tabard, and pulled it over his head, straightening it out as it fell over his huge frame. 
Glo looked closely and saw a large insignia on the front of the sleeveless coat. It was the shape of a majestic lion with two swords crossed underneath it against a black and red background. Farther down was another smaller symbol, this one of a sailing ship on a blue and red background. There was a smaller lion next to it, and two more swords crossed underneath it.
“That’s an interesting insignia,” Glo commented cautiously, hoping the subject would not upset his friend further.
“It’s the symbol of Penwick,” Lloyd said proudly, now smoothing out the cloth. Gone were all traces of doubt the young man displayed before. He stood tall and majestic in the martial attire.
“It looks good on you,” Glo declared, happy to see that his friend was no longer acting sullen.
“Thanks,” Lloyd said, his hand going to the back of his neck.
Glo went to his dresser, opened the drawer, and began to rummage through his own clothes. He had dress robes in here somewhere. As he continued to search, he said over his shoulder, “So the symbol of Penwick is both a lion and a ship?”
“Well, umm, not exactly,” Lloyd replied hesitantly. “The ship is…the symbol of the Penwick Navy.”
Glo nodded. “That’s right. You said your dad is in the navy.” 
The young elf finally found his dress clothes. He pulled out a silky purple robe that was made of a much finer material than his usual robe. It was also emblazoned with the symbol of three interlocked white triangles.
As he shook out the robes, trying to get out the wrinkles, Lloyd asked, “Is that the symbol of your town?”
Glo smiled at the question. “No, it is the crest of my family.”
“Are you…a noble?” Lloyd asked slowly.
Glo glanced over at his large friend. Lloyd stared at him. 
“Yes, as a matter of fact I am,” he replied. 
“Truly?” Lloyd asked with sudden excitement.
Glo was not sure why the young man was so enthused by his own social standing. Perhaps he would find out. 
“Yes,” he admitted. “My family belongs to the House of Eodin. It is one of the seven major houses of the Elves of Cairthrellon.”
“So are you a Lord?” Lloyd asked with interest.
Glo paused for a moment. He was not sure where this was going, but it seemed quite important to Lloyd for some reason. Glo did not think of himself as a Lord. Somehow that title sounded so stuffy, more befitting his father, Amrod. 
“I don’t think my parents would call me that,” Glo replied dryly.
“Seriously?” Lloyd asked, his face showing clear surprise at his friend's response. “I would think they would be proud of you the way you handle yourself.”
“Proud might not be the appropriate word,” the young elf said ironically.
“Didn’t you leave on good terms with them?” Lloyd asked hesitantly.
“Not exactly.”
“Oh,” Lloyd replied, his expression surprisingly sympathetic. He was going to say more, but they were interrupted by pounding on the door.
“Hurry up in there!” It was Seth’s voice. “We don’t have all day.”
Glo yelled back, “Just a minute!” He turned and grinned at Lloyd as he doffed his regular robes and pulled on the dress ones. 
Lloyd went to open the door as Glo finished straightening his robes and began to comb his long flaxen hair. 
Seth walked in with Aksel trailing behind him. The halfling wore a fancy white dress jacket over his black outfit, and the little gnome was wearing white robes with the symbol of a clear gem on them.
“You look nice,” Aksel told Lloyd as they entered the room.
“Yeah,” Seth added thoughtlessly, “I don’t know what you were so worried about.”
“It’s no big deal,” the young man replied, acting as if it had never happened. 
Glo glanced over at him and saw that characteristic smile across Lloyd’s face. All traces of whatever was bothering him were now gone. Perhaps their talk had made him feel better. However, for the life of him, Glo could not figure out how his lineage would cheer the young man up. Whatever it was would eventually come to light. Things like that usually did. 
“Well then,” Glo put down his comb, “let’s go.” 
The four companions went downstairs and through the tavern. As they passed the bar, Kailay dashed over. 
“Wow!” she said appreciatively, “Don’t you look nice. What’s the fancy occasion?”
“We’re off to the town meeting,” Glo confided to her. “If we’re lucky, maybe we can find some work.”
“That’s a great idea,” Kailay whispered back conspiratorially. She looked them over once more and then moved closer to Lloyd. “That looks like very fine material,” she said, putting her hand lightly on the young man’s chest. Lloyd froze where he was, and his face began to turn red. “I should know,” she continued as she felt the material. “After all, my parents are the town tailors.”
“Ahem,” Aksel interrupted, “I’m sorry, Kailay, but we really need to get going. I’m sure we’ll see you when we get back.”
“Okay,” Kailay said, disappointed. Nonetheless, she dropped her hand and slowly took a step back. “But promise to come and see me later,” she added, still looking directly at Lloyd.
Lloyd nodded slowly. “Okay,” he said nervously.
“Great!” Kailay cried with glee. She smiled brightly then turned and ran back to the bar. 
The four companions exited the tavern. 
“Thanks,” Lloyd told Aksel once they were outside. “I don’t know what I would have done if you hadn’t said something.”
“You’re welcome,” the cleric replied, a trace of a smile on his lips.
Glo gazed questioningly at Lloyd. “It’s no secret she likes you. Even Brundon and Delgron noticed.”
“Yeah…” Lloyd began, then stopped. He put one hand behind his head and smiled. 
Glo could not understand why his friend was acting so shy. “Then, if you don’t mind my asking, what is holding you back?”
Lloyd was silent for a few moments. Glo was worried he had overstepped himself, but then Lloyd finally spoke up. 
“It’s…complicated,” he said sighing deeply. The young man’s face had flushed a bit as he walked along with his comrades. 
Glo exchanged glances with Aksel and Seth, both of whom shrugged their shoulders. Lloyd was indeed acting quite strange today. Yet he had always been hesitant to act on Kailay’s blatant advances. Maybe he did not like the girl’s forwardness? If so, then the maybe human relationships were not so different from elven ones. 
Maybe it was because they were so long lived, but elves typically took years getting to know each other before they bonded. That is what happened with Glo’s parents. Amrod and Aerandir courted almost ten years before they finally married.
In the time since Glo left Cairthrellon, he had observed human coupling with interest. There had been many opportunities to do so at the inns and taverns he frequented since then. The young elf noted that most humans acted rather quickly on their attraction to one another. Therefore, it was easy to draw the conclusion that this was the norm for human behavior. 
Lloyd was different. His reserved manner around the young barmaid was almost elven in nature. 
Perhaps Lloyd felt the same way about Kailay that Glo felt about the elven girls he had known back home. None of those girls had appealed to him. Although most were quite pretty, they were superficial and were more concerned about social status than the real issues of the day. Glo found that he had very little in common with them. 
Kailay, on the other hand, was interested in the goings on around town and beyond. She appreciated the work that he and his friends were doing. Maybe that was not enough for Lloyd. Maybe Lloyd was looking for something more. 
Glo stole a sidelong glance at the young man as they walked through the streets of the small town. 
Lloyd had a troubled expression on his face, wrestling with some internal problem. Maybe it had nothing to do with Kailay at all. Lloyd had been about to say something to him back in their room before they were interrupted. Perhaps whatever was bothering him was related to their discussion on lineage. 
Glo would have continued his speculations, but the little band of adventurers was already up the hill and in front of the gates of Ravenford castle. The portcullis was open, but two castle guardsman stood on either side.
“State your business,” one of the guards said in an officious tone.
“We’re here for the town meeting,” Aksel replied somberly.
“Hmm,” the guard paused, remembering something. “A human, an elf, a gnome, and a halfling? You must be that group that came back from Stone Hill yesterday.” 
He turned and yelled through the gate, “Hey, Relkin, come here.” 
Another guard came through the gate and joined them. 
“Aren’t these the adventurers you were telling us about last night?”
Relkin looked the party over. “It sure is, Francis!" he cried. 
Turning to Lloyd, he added, "You’re that spirit...blade." 
Lloyd nodded to the guard.
“And you’re the wizard,” Relkin declared, turning to Glo.
“Guilty,” Glo replied, amused by the guard’s exuberant reaction.
“And you two must be the ninja and the cleric,” Relkin finished, looking at Seth and then Aksel.
“He’s the cleric,” Seth replied, glibly pointing toward Aksel. “Not sure where you got ninja from though. I think Brundon must have had a bit too much to drink last night.” 
Seth said the last totally straight faced.
Relkin appeared uncertain how to react.
Glo leaned forward and said confidentially, “Ninja’s don't like to be pointed out as such. It is part of their way.”
“Oh,” the guardsman replied, nodding as if he understood. The wan smile on his face said otherwise. He turned to Seth and said, “My apologies, good sir.”
“No problem,” Seth replied, casually waving it off.
Relkin still appeared confused but continued on. 
“That was quite some story I heard last night at the Dying Minotaur. My friend, Delgron, was there, and he said that he and Brundon went up there with you. Now I know that Brundon has a tendency to exaggerate sometimes, but Delgron, on the other hand, is one of the most honest men I know. If he said Stone Hill was infested with monsters, then it has to be true.”
“That is pretty much the way it was,” Aksel nodded his agreement.
 “Well then,” Relkin replied with a broad smile, “we owe a vote of thanks to all of you.” 
Francis stepped closer and lowered his voice. 
“There have been rumors around town of all kinds of monsters cropping up here and there, bandits and the like as well. But to have a nest of those creatures so close to town, and a dark wizard as well…now that could have been real trouble. You should definitely attend the town meeting. With all these happenings of late, the Baron may very well have need of you.”
“I agree,” Relkin nodded, his expression now serious, “The meeting has started already so you should get in there as soon as possible. Francis, why don’t you escort these folks? I’ll take your post until you get back.”
“Sure thing,” Francis said eagerly. He handed his lance over to Relkin then turned toward the gate, motioning the four to follow.
They proceeded through the portcullis and entered a large courtyard. It was three dozen yards across to the keep and nearly twice that in width. There were a number of guards there performing various duties, anything from grooming horses to practicing archery. 
The castle keep stood in front of them, reaching high into the blue skies above. It was a massive stone structure with two huge wooden doors and many glass windows above the first floor. Glo counted the floors mentally and determined that the edifice was three stories high but rose to four and even five stories in some smaller sections and towers. 
The building itself was composed of light grey stone. However, the midday sun gleaming off the walls of the keep made it look almost white in spots. In some of the low lying sections, thick masses of greenish moss and clinging ivy vines covered the sides of the structure. Around and behind them, the castle ramparts surrounded the courtyard. Glo estimated the walls were about 15 feet high and 5 feet thick. 
Over to their right was an entrance to what looked like gardens. It was populated with large sculpted bushes, multicolored flowers, and even a flowing fountain in the middle. In the front corner of the courtyard was a tall cylindrical tower connected to the outside walls, itself rising to a height twice as high as the walls.
The four adventurers were led through the front doors of the keep into a large foyer. From there they went through the main hall, a vast room larger than the entire Dying Minotaur. It had a two story vaulted ceiling. There were tall columns everywhere and numerous balconies off to the sides. The entire expanse was covered with plush red carpets, tapestries, and various portraits along the walls. 
On one wall in particular there was a large mural. It depicted a knight in full armor, along with a wizard, a cleric, and two more people faced off against a large black dragon. Glo assumed it represented the battle between the Baron, along with his former traveling companions, and the black dragon, Ullarak. He recalled Lloyd’s story of how the Baron slew the creature to win the Barony of Ravenford. 
Glo spied the entrance to a wide hallway at the other end of the enormous room. Two large shield shaped banners hung high on the wall on either side of the entrance. 
The one on the left had a background of white, red, and blue. Emblazoned on it was a large form of the black dragon. Above that symbol were two smaller ones: a sword and a pouncing eagle. Glo recognized it as the same symbol on the tabards of the castle guards. He assumed the symbol was that of Ravenford itself. 
The shield on the right was also tri-colored. This heraldic was composed of white, red, and black. The large symbol on this one was the same fierce looking golden eagle that was portrayed on the other shield. Once again, there were two more symbols above it, but these were a crown and a lion. In fact, the lion looked similar to the one on Lloyd’s tabard.
“That’s an interesting coat of arms,” Glo pointed to the shield on the right. “It bears some similarity to Lloyd’s. What house or place does it represent?”
Francis began to open his mouth, but Lloyd spoke up before the guard could utter a word. “That is the symbol of the House of Avernos,” he stated definitively. “The Baron of Penwick is head of that house.”
“Yes, indeed it is,” Francis said nodding approvingly. “I see by your tabard that you are from Penwick as well.”
“Yes...I am,” Lloyd replied tentatively, an uncertain look on his face.
“Did you know that our Baron Gryswold is also from Penwick?” Francis asked, completely missing the young man's discomfort.
“Of course he did,” Seth interrupted with a straight face, “Lloyd knows everything about Penwick.”
“Really?” Francis replied, obviously impressed.
“Not everything,” Lloyd responded uncomfortably as he glared at Seth.
The halfling merely returned the young man's stare with an innocent look on his face.
Francis continued, still oblivious to Lloyd's discomfort. “We’ll have to let the Baron know there’s another Penwick expert in town. It’s actually one of his favorite subjects."
“That’s okay,” Lloyd responded, “don’t go to any trouble on my account.”
“No trouble at all,” Francis responded enthusiastically, mistaking the young man's hesitation for politeness.
“Thanks,” Lloyd said with feigned enthusiasm.
As the group continued to follow Francis down the wide hallway, Glo glanced over at Lloyd. The young man had gone quiet and kept his eyes focused ahead of him. They passed a few closed doors on either side of the hall and stopped in front of a large, ornate doorway at the end of the hallway. 
Francis opened the door. They could hear someone speaking inside. They caught a glimpse of a number of people sitting in front of them on long benches. It resembled a temple. Francis quietly bade them to follow him then walked through the doorway. 
The foursome entered and found themselves in a long room with rows of benched seats facing toward the front and a pathway up the middle. It was, in fact, very much like a temple. 
The seats were filled with people, all of whom were watching a man at the front of the room. He was currently speaking about fishing rights in the nearby Merchant Bay. Behind him, up a few steps from the floor of the room, were two thrones. 
On the left throne sat a powerfully built man. He appeared to be in his mid-forties with darkish brown hair, a beard and mustache the same deep color, and piercing blue eyes. 
That must be the Baron Gryswold. Even though the Baron was seated, Glo could tell this man was tall, about Lloyd’s height. Gryswold was wearing simple finery of a military cut with a long sword at his side. The Ravenford symbol was emblazoned on it in the upper left corner.
On the throne to the right sat a stately woman. She was a cool beauty. Tall and regal with long chestnut hair, bright amber eyes, and porcelain skin. Something about her carriage reminded Glo of his mother, Aerandir. 
And that would be the Baroness Gracelynn. The Baroness was wearing a pale blue gown with the symbol of the God Arenor emblazoned on it: a golden circle with six rays spreading outward from them. 
The symbol was befitting since Arenor was the god of sun and light as well as strength and healing. Glo remembered hearing somewhere that the Baroness was a fairly proficient cleric of Arenor, although that was obviously not her primary calling. Below the symbol on the Baroness’s dress, Glo observed a second symbol: the heraldic of the House Avernos.
As the man up front droned on, Francis motioned them forward and pointed out an empty bench. The foursome quietly shuffled down the row and sat down, the affable guard joining them. 
Glo gazed around the room. He observed a few guards standing along the side walls of the chamber. There were also a number of doors, all of which were currently closed. He turned his attention back up front and now noticed a man in a guard’s uniform, a bit more refined than the others, standing to the Baron’s right, though a few steps down. 
“That’s Gelpas, the Captain of the Guard,” Francis whispered, following his gaze. 
Glo continued to scan the room. Off to the right of the Baron and Baroness, a young girl sat in an ornate chair. She was quite lovely with long strawberry blonde hair, striking blue eyes, and creamy smooth skin. She looked as though she was in her late teens but was already quite tall, perhaps only slightly shorter than the Baroness. Her dark green dress was quite lavish, accentuated with finery that was more in line with a lordly court than a simply barony. 
“And that’s the Baron’s daughter, Andrella,” Francis continued to whisper. “She will be 18 in a few weeks. Confidentially, she’s quite headstrong. She gives the Baron more of a hard time than that dragon he slew.” 
Glo was not quite certain if the guard was serious. Glancing sidelong at the man, he noticed the wry smile on his face. 
The fisherman finally sat down, and a court herald took his place. The man began reading from a long parchment, announcing further news from around the Barony. 
“Well, I’ll be leaving you now,” Francis said as he got up. “But first I’ll let Captain Gelpas know you are here.”
“Thank you,” Aksel whispered to the friendly guard. “You have been most kind to us.”
“My pleasure,” Francis whispered back. 
He left them and walked around the side of the room to where Captain Gelpas stood, doing his best to not disturb the meeting. The two men exchanged brief words. Francis pointed over to where the companions sat, and Gelpas gazed over, giving a curt nod. Then the guardsman turned and left the room. 
The herald finally finished his announcements. The meeting continued with more talk about town businesses, including the needs of the farming community, tax collections, and the state of the royal treasury. 
“Wake me when it’s time to go,” Seth yawned. The halfling feigned falling asleep in his seat. 
“Seth, behave yourself,” Aksel chided, glaring at the reclining halfling.
“I always behave myself,” Seth responded, refusing to open his eyes. “Just not always that well.”
Glo smiled. Seth was not all that wrong. The meeting was terribly boring. The details of running the town were tedious at best. He closely watched the Baron and Baroness, marveling at how they managed to seem interested, even as the most monotonous of their subjects spoke. 
The young elf looked back toward the Lady Andrella. The girl was gazing in their direction, and at first he thought she was looking at him. Perhaps she had never seen an elf before? Then Glo realized she was actually staring at Lloyd. 
He turned his head and saw that the young man was totally unaware of the young lady’s attention, Lloyd’s eyes were fixed on the front of the room. He was watching the Baron Gryswold, seemingly fascinated with the man. 
Perhaps it was because Gryswold was a Penwick noble. Still, it seemed more than that. It was almost as if…Lloyd was studying how to be the Baron, but that was absurd. The young man was a warrior. Why would he care how noblemen acted in court? Unless…
Aksel nudged Glo in the side.
“What?” he exclaimed in a hushed voice.
“Did you hear that?” Aksel said.
The subject of trade with other towns came up and along with it the mention of orc bandits. “I’ve lost 3 shipments now from Tarrsmorr to these bandits in as many months,” a merchant was saying to the Baron. 
That voice sounded very familiar. Where had he heard it before? Then Glo remembered. It was the half-elf merchant from when they first arrived in town. Pheldman was his name. 
Pheldman was saying, “The only caravan I’ve seen in the last few months, just narrowly made it through a few days ago. And that was only because of some gifted passengers and a passing warrior who helped to fight the bandits off. I tell you, Baron Gryswold, if something is not done soon, I will go out of business.”
“I’m sorry,” the Baron responded, “but I just don’t have the men to send out and search for these brigands.” 
Glo could tell from the look on Gryswold’s that he was sincerely concerned. 
“Who were these passengers and this warrior you speak of?” the Lady Gracelynn asked the merchant. She was very poised, but her tone was deeply sympathetic.
“I don’t exactly remember their names,” Pheldman replied, “but I can tell you that one was an elf, one was a gnome, one was a halfling, and the last was a giant of a man, all dressed in red.”
“That’s us!” Seth’s eyes snapped open.
“Shhh,” Aksel put a finger to his lips. “I can’t hear what they’re saying.”
“The Baron was asking about the man in red,” Glo filled him in. His hearing still picked up the conversation, despite the interruptions.
“Was this man wearing a Penwick tabard by any chance?” the Baron was asking with obvious interest.
“I don’t think so, my liege,” Pheldman answered. “I don’t remember seeing any kind of symbol on him.”
Just then, Captain Gelpas stepped forward up the stairs and whispered something to the Baron. Gryswold looked over toward the back of the room directly to where Glo and the others were sitting. The Captain of the guard stepped back, and the Baron of Ravenford sat up and cleared his throat. 
“Ahem. It has come to my attention that the party of adventurers of whom you speak is in this very room.”
The townsfolk began murmuring among themselves as well as turning and looking around. Some of the folks closer to the back spied the companions where they sat. Soft cries of “There they are!” and “Over there!” could be heard.
“I have also been told,” the Baron continued, raising his voice to be heard over the din, “that this same band only yesterday cleared out a horde of monsters and a dark wizard from Stone Hill, all at the request of our good friend, the Wizard Maltar.”
More murmurs went through the crowd, this last piece of news generating even more excitement. A townsperson right in front of the foursome stood up and cried, “They’re back here!” The entire assembly turned to look at the four companions. 
Glo heard many phrases coming from the crowd all at once, many of them positive such as, “They’re heroes!” and “The gods bless them.” There were also a few derogatory comments like, “They look so strange”. 
As he took all this in, the Captain of the Ravenford Guard walked through the crowd to the foursome. He greeted them kindly and bade them to follow him up front. 
The townsfolk resumed their seats, and a hush fell over everyone as the young heroes were presented to the Baron Gryswold and the Baroness Gracelynn. Glo noted that the Lady Andrella had left her seat and now stood next to her mother.
“Your service to our town is greatly appreciated,” the Baron said formally. As he looked them over, his eyes locked on the tabard Lloyd was wearing, and a frown appeared over his brow.
As her husband fell silent, the Baroness interjected with, “Pray tell us, gentlemen, what are your names?” She was indeed remarkably poised, immediately picking up as the Baron faltered in his speech, covering very nicely for him.
Aksel spoke for the group. “This is the spiritblade, Lloyd, your Lord and Ladyship.”
Lloyd bowed deeply to the Baron and Baroness.
“Lloyd?” Baron Gryswold said, trying to remember something. The Baron's face brightened, and he snapped his fingers. “A spiritblade in a Penwick tabard. And not just any tabard, but a tabard from the House of Stealle!” 
The Baron sounded elated as he rose from his chair. He bent forward and said, “You wouldn’t be Kratos’ son by any chance?”
“Yes, your Lordship,” Lloyd replied, his tone very subdued. “He’s my father.”
“So you’re the young Lord Stealle,” Gryswold declared, his excitement quite clear. “I can definitely see the resemblance.”
Lord Stealle? Lloyd? 
Glo shot a look over at Aksel and Seth, but both seemed equally bewildered. Glo’s mind continued to race. Kratos? Wasn’t that the hero of Penwick that Lloyd previously spoke about? The one who defeated the Pirate Eboneye and helped save the entire city? The one who was now a Lord and the Admiral of the Penwick Navy? 
It all made sense. Lloyd was the son of the famous Lord Kratos Stealle. Their human friend was indeed a noble of Penwick. But he didn’t want anyone to know. 
Lloyd must have set out from home to make a name for himself. The young man obviously did not want to depend on his family name. Glo felt a well of emotion for his human friend. He could empathize with how the young man felt. 
He had also set out from home without expecting any support from his family. The only difference between them, perhaps, was that Lloyd had left his family on good terms; at least, that is what Glo suspected. As all these thoughts flashed through Glo's mind, the Baron continued talking with their noble young friend.
 “Your father,” Gryswold continued exuberantly, “is a fine man and a noble warrior.” The Baron came down another step. “Did he ever tell you the stories about our fight with the Pirate Eboneye?”
Lloyd smiled and nodded. “Many times, your Lordship.”
Gryswold threw his head back and laughed heartily. He continued in a voice loud enough for everyone in the chamber to hear. “Those were glorious times! It must be, oh, about 20 years ago now. The scoundrel Eboneye had taken over the city of Penwick. The Baron had been slain, and the town forces were scattered.”
Gryswold’s voice grew louder, his eyes ablaze as he continued. 
“Your father and I rallied those forces, and together we routed the pirate and his invading horde. It was a bloody war, but street by street, we took Penwick back until the entire city was once again ours. Eboneye tried to run, even took your mother as hostage, but Kratos and I gave chase and cornered the cur as he tried to flee on his ship. Gods, the man could swing a blade. Slew Eboneye himself! The ship went down in the harbor, and the pirate’s reign of terror ended.” 
The entire assemblage in the throne cheered as the Baron finished his story. Gryswold stood there with a wistful look on his face. Then he shook his head and gazed down at Lloyd, eyeing the young warrior up and down. 
“And you are Kratos’ son,” Gryswold said emphatically. “Kratos was always a striking figure of a man. The women at court in Penwick were always fawning over him. And I see the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. What say you, Andrella?” Gryswold remarked, gazing over at his daughter.
Glo turned his head in time to catch the young lady staring admiringly at Lloyd. 
Andrella turned toward her father. 
“Oh, um,” she momentarily faltered. “I think that…any son of your old comrade is a friend of the court of Ravenford,” Andrella recovered expertly, although she was still blushing slightly. 
As Glo swung back around, he noted that Lloyd’s gaze was now locked on the young lady. His face lit up, and his mouth was hanging open just a bit. The young man had never looked that way at Kailay, but Glo had seen that look before. 
Lloyd was immediately taken with the young noble woman. Andrella, in turn, appeared to return the young man’s interest. Glo found the entire situation intriguing. He would have to keep an eye on these two.
“Ah, well said, my daughter,” Gryswold replied. 
Glo gazed up and saw a twinkle in the Baron’s eye.
“And who are the rest of your company?” Gracelynn interjected, delicately steering the conversation back on course.
“Ahem,” Aksel continued, “this tall elf is the Wizard Glolindir of the noble House of Eodin from the fair city of Cairthrellon. Glolindir is also the newest apprentice to the Master Wizard Maltar.”
“Really?” Gryswold inquired. “My old friend Maltar is very picky about who he chooses to apprentice. You must have impressed him greatly, young wizard.”
“One does one’s best,” Glo replied, bowing formally to the Baron and Baroness.
“Well, a lord from a noble elven house is most welcome in our humble town,” the Lady Gracelynn responded graciously. “Please feel free to consider this castle your second home.” 
Her smile was so serene that Glo did indeed feel quite welcome here.
The Lady then turned to Lloyd. “And the same to you, young Lord Stealle.”
Lloyd had been staring at the Lady Andrella. Momentarily startled, he caught himself and faced the Baroness. He bowed low before her once again and responded, “You are most kind, your Ladyship.”
Aksel, as stoic as ever, continued with the introductions. Yet there was a faint glint in the gnome’s eyes. “And this is our comrade, Seth Korzair, from the city of Ilos, your Lord and Ladyship. He is…well…he’s…” 
Aksel paused for a few moments trying to find the right words. Finally, the cleric threw up his hands. “It’s kind of hard to explain exactly what Seth does.”
At that point, Seth stepped forward. “Baron, Baroness," he began as the noble couple turned to face him. "Let’s just say that I am a jack of all trades. An expert in those areas that might confound the warrior or the mage.” He gave a quick smile to all and then stepped back.
“I see,” Gryswold said, trying to suppress a smile as he exchanged glances with Gracelynn. The Lady also had the trace of a smile on her lips.
“Ahem,” Aksel cleared his throat. “Thank you, Seth. And I, your Lord and Ladyship, am the Cleric Aksel Alabaster from the temple of Aurl Berlglowr in the city of Caprizon.”
“Well met, fellow cleric,” the Lady Gracelynn responded graciously, her voice filled with the utmost sincerity. “It is not often that we get to see clergy of the other races here in Ravenford. And I must confess, I do not know a lot about the God Aurl Berlglowr. Perhaps you would be kind enough to instruct me during your stay in our fair town?”
“It would be my honor,” Aksel replied, bowing low to the gentle lady.
The Baron was obviously a strong leader. However, the Lady Gracelynn seemed to be the real heart of the small town. She had a way of making everyone feel both important and welcome. 
Baron Gryswold cleared his throat. “As you undoubtedly heard, our merchant’s caravans are being plagued by a group of orc bandits on the road west of here. It appears that you four have already had a run in with these ruffians. There still seems to be quite a few at large. As we do not currently have the manpower to hunt down these scoundrels, we would be grateful if you could hunt them down and get rid of the lot, once and for all.”
Aksel replied immediately, “It would be our pleasure, your Lordship.”
“Don’t worry, your Lordship,” Lloyd added with clear conviction, “we’ll be sure to take care of the rest of them for you.”
“Spoken like a true Stealle!” Gryswold exclaimed, clenching one fist and smiling broadly. “Captain Gelpas here will fill you in on the details and outfit you with anything you may need.”
With that, the foursome was dismissed from the throne room. They followed the Captain down the center of the room toward the doorway. 
Glo gazed at the crowd as they passed through it and noted many smiles cast their way. As they were about to exit the room, he glanced back toward the throne. 
The Baron and Baroness were engaged in conversation with Pheldman and some other folks whom he did not know. The Lady Andrella’s attention was focused on their little group. She immediately turned away when Lloyd also glanced back in her direction. 
A brief smile crossed Glo’s lips. There was a definite attraction between these two. He was very curious to see where it would lead.
As they walked back down the main hall of Ravenford castle, Captain Gelpas told the group, “All of the caravans that disappeared were traveling along the west road from Tarrsmorr through the Bendenwoods. We sent out a contingent to search for them a few weeks back. Every train made it to the town of Bendenwood, but once leaving there, they were never seen again. Not a trace.”
“So you think these orc bandits were attacking the wagon trains somewhere between the town of Bendenwood and the eastern edge of the forest and that, somehow, they managed to make each caravan disappear,” Aksel finished for him.
“That is what we believe,” Gelpas agreed, impressed with their quick appraisal of the situation. “If you can find their hideout, take care of any remaining bandits, and possibly recover any of the goods they have stolen, it would be a great service to Ravenford.”
“We’ll do our best, Captain,” Lloyd declared solemnly.
“Good,” Gelpas said, nodding approvingly. “Now, will you need any weapons or supplies? I have been instructed to give you access to our armory.”
“Wait, wait!” a voice called from behind them. It was the half-elf, Pheldman. He was accompanied by his daughter, who helped him down the hall.
“Hail, Pheldman,” Glo pronounced formally. Then he spoke in elvish, “Elen sila lumenn omentilmo”. That roughly translated to A star shall shine on the hour of our meeting.
The old half-elf smiled warmly and replied, “Cormamin lindua ele lle.” Another formal elven greeting that meant My heart sings to see thee. 
Glo noted that the half-elf’s elven was much improved over the last time they met. He must have been practicing these last few days.
“I just wanted to tell you to stop by my shop before you head out. I will supply you with whatever you need to stop these dreadful bandits. They are ruining my business. Also, some of the other merchants said the same. All except Haltan, that is. He wouldn’t part with a copper piece if his life depended on it. Anyway, don’t forget.” 
With that the old half-elf bode them farewell, parting with an elvish goodbye which Glo answered in turn. Pheldman then slowly walked down the hall toward the castle entrance, arm in arm with his daughter.
“You seem to have made quite a number of friends in your short time in our town,” Gelpas noted with interest.
“We’re just friendly people,” Seth replied.
“Umm, yes,” the Captain replied, obviously not sure how to take the halfling. “Anyway, as I was saying, the armory is this way.” He led them down a side hall toward another section of the castle.

The four adventurers gathered back at the Dying Minotaur. News of their meeting with the Baron and Baroness must have traveled all over town. When they entered the common room of the inn, the patrons were all abuzz with talk of it. 
When Kailay saw Lloyd, instead of running over to them, the young woman’s face screwed up and she began to cry. She brought her apron up to her face then turned and ran into the kitchen.
“What’d I do?” Lloyd was obviously mortified by what had just happened.
Glo put his hand on the young man’s shoulder. “As we have already seen, news spreads quickly around this town. I’d wager that Kailay found out you are nobility, my friend.”
“So?” Lloyd said, clearly not realizing the implications.
“You’re too good for her now, your highness,” Seth smirked.
“I am not!” Lloyd declared hotly, his face flushing with anger.
“Whoa. Easy there, Lloyd.” Aksel reached out and grasped the young man's arm.
Lloyd, his face flushed, stared at the little cleric and then took a deep breath, visibly calming down. He said, “This is one of the reasons I didn’t want anyone knowing who I was. It just…complicates things.”
Glo deeply empathized with the young man. There were times that he wished he could just forget who he was and who his family was. Lucky for him it made little difference out here on the east coast. Lloyd did not have that luxury. 
He said aloud, “Believe me, Lloyd, I understand.”
The young man turned to look at him. He just stared for a few moments, a variety of emotions playing across his face, then a slim smile appeared on his lips. 
“I guess that you would,” he said quietly.
Glo smiled at his distressed friend. “Look, Lloyd, who you are doesn’t really change anything between us. Right, guys?” he finished turning toward the others.
“Not to me,” Aksel agreed immediately.
“Is your family wealthy?” Seth asked.
Lloyd gazed at the halfling, a puzzled expression on his face. He paused a moment then replied. “All my family’s money is tied up in rebuilding the City of Penwick. So no, we are not really wealthy.”
“Then nothing has changed between us,” Seth grinned wickedly.
As he stared at the halfling, a smile slowly burst out across Lloyd’s face. The smile turned into chuckling. Glo and Aksel both found themselves joining in. Leave it to Seth to make light of a sticky situation. 
When the laughter died down, Glo reached out and grasped Lloyd’s shoulder. The young man spun around to face him. 
“Seriously, it is not your fault if she feels that your lineage puts a wedge between you two. If you just leave her be, I’m sure she’ll be fine in a few days.”
The young man stared at him for a moment then gazed over at the kitchen door. Finally, he shrugged his shoulders. 
“I guess you’re right.”
Aksel changed the subject at that point, saying they should sit down and talk about this new mission they had been given. The four companions adjourned to the booth they had used earlier in the day and began working out the details of this hunt for the orc bandits. They had only been seated a minute or so when the other barmaid, Morwen, came over to wait on them. 
Morwen was the polar opposite of Kailay with her raven hair and dark brown eyes. Where Kailay was still a young woman in her teens, Morwen was definitely a full grown woman with the curves to go with it. This barmaid was more friendly than flirtatious. 
“Where’s Kailay?” Lloyd asked Morwen as she walked up to the booth.
“She…had to go home,” the barmaid replied hesitantly. “She…wasn’t feeling well.”
“I’m sorry to hear that. I hope she feels better soon,” Lloyd told her, trying his best to be cheerful, but the pained expression on his face belied the attempt.
Once Morwen took their orders and left, the four adventurers went back to planning. After a bit more discussion, they came up with a reasonable scheme on how to find the orc bandit hideout. The idea was to catch the bandits as they lay in wait for the next caravan. Then the companions would route them, letting at least one or two escape. That way they could follow them back to their hideout. 
The plan would necessitate a tracker. Despite Seth’s protests, Brundon was the most likely candidate. They would also get the chance to work with Delgron, which was a choice that everyone could agree on. 
Lloyd spied Delgron and Brundon sitting in their usual booth on the other end of the common room. He went over and invited the duo to come join them. The two men accepted and everyone sat down in the large booth. The six adventurers discussed the new job, agreeing on a satisfactory fee for the warrior and the tracker. 
It was getting late in the afternoon, and there were still preparations to be made before starting this journey. It was decided that they would leave first thing the next morning.
The entire group headed to Pheldman’s to pick up provisions. The half-elf was as generous as he had promised, and the companions and their mercenary friends were well outfitted for almost no cost. 
True to the half-elf’s word, the other merchants in town were equally supportive; stops at the local fletcher, the armorer, the cobbler, the smith, and the clothier rounded out their needs for supplies and repairs at surprisingly low prices. 
When they stopped at the clothier’s, Lloyd got a bit of a start. As they walked in, Kailay stood behind the counter. As soon as she saw the young man, she turned and fled into the back room. 
Glo remembered the young woman saying her parents were town tailors. He wished he had realized this before they entered the shop. If he had, he would never have let Lloyd set foot in there. 
Lloyd was dismayed by the girl’s reaction, but there was nothing anyone could do about it. 
A minute later, a woman wearing a seamstress apron came through the curtains from the back room. Glo had to do a double take. She looked remarkably like Kailay with the same long, curly strawberry blonde hair, buxom figure, and sweet face and a smile that could light up the room. 
As she drew closer, it became apparent that this woman was older than the barmaid. Her youthful features showed traces of age around the edges of the eyes and corners of the mouth. She introduced herself as Arwel. She was Kailay’s mom. 
Glo got another surprise when Gristla, one of Maltar’s apprentices, also stepped out of the back room. Gristla was Arwel’s older daughter and Kailay’s sister. This was definitely a small town.
Once everyone finished gearing up, they went their separate ways. Glo went to study some new spells that Maltar gave him. Aksel headed to the town temple to research some new spells of his own. 
Lloyd went to train at the back of the inn to work off some of his frustrations, and Delgron decided to join him. Brundon went to practice some archery. 
Seth was enigmatic about where he was going and what he was doing. The others came to expect this of the halfling and knew he was going to study and train in secret. 
Later that evening, the six of them regrouped for dinner. Everyone was tired, but they were now better prepared and well provisioned for this upcoming journey. When they finally adjourned for the evening, Lloyd attempted to go straight to sleep. The young man tossed and turned in his bed. 
Glo sat on his own bed, quietly leafing through the new entries in his spellbook. He was a bit nervous about the coming mission and wanted to be extra careful about what kind of magic he would have prepared the next day.
“Are you busy?” Lloyd asked unexpectedly.
Glo looked up from his book. The young man was sitting up, a troubled look on the usually carefree face.
“I can talk a bit,” Glo answered, putting the book down and closing it on his lap. “What’s on your mind?”
“Women,” Lloyd sighed deeply. He paused for a moment then continued. “I don’t really understand them.”
“What makes you think I do?” Glo replied, smiling wryly and shrugging his shoulders.
“You’re really smart,” Lloyd said as if that answer should have been enough.
“No one is that smart,” Glo chuckled quietly.
“So you are telling me that even with your brains you don’t understand women?”
“I’m afraid so,” he said shaking his head. He paused a moment, trying to decide what more he could say. He finally decided the best thing was to share his own experiences with the distraught young man.
“Growing up in a 'noble’ elven household, I didn't have many friends. I was also privately tutored so I didn't have any classmates either. The few girls I did meet were at social functions. And while some of them were indeed pretty, they only seemed interested in the most superficial things. In all honesty, I never really got along with any of them.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Lloyd’s voice was filled with the utmost sympathy.
“Thanks,” Glo replied, moved by the young man's apparent understanding. “So how about you?”
“Most of my time was spent either on the family farm or studying to be a spiritblade. We were always too busy for parties or court or anything like that. So I really didn’t know any girls back home, other than my sister's friends." 
So Lloyd had as little experience with women as me, Glo realized. That being said, what could he possibly tell the young man to ease his mind? He finally decided to address what he thought was really bothering Lloyd. 
“You know, you never really led Kailay on. She was the one who chased you. And honestly, if you gave in at all, I think she would have been hurt far worse when someone of your own station came along.”
“What do you mean?” Lloyd’s face turned slightly red.
“Oh, nothing much,” Glo replied with a trace of a smile on his lips. “Let’s just say that a certain lady at court today took quite an interest in you.”
The young man blushed furiously. “You don’t mean the Lady Andrella, do you?”
Glo laughed. Lloyd positively wore his heart on his sleeve. “My good friend,” he said still chuckling, “the young woman could hardly take her eyes off you.”
“Really?” Lloyd cried, clearly excited as he almost jumped off the bed.
“Absolutely,” Glo nodded knowingly. “She was watching you whenever you weren’t looking.”
“So what do I do about it?” Lloyd became quite nervous all of a sudden.
“You want my advice?”
“Please,” Lloyd replied, fervently looking at Glo with near terror in his eyes.
What could he possibly say? Lloyd needed to hear something. He was still far too distraught and would need a clear head for the next few days. 
“Well…” Glo began, still not sure what to say. “I think...” Yeah, Glo, what do you think? “…you should…” Not cool, Glo. You have to tell him something. Wait that was it! “…play it cool,” Glo blurted, relieved he had actually thought of something.
“How do I do that?” Lloyd asked, his expression having gone from one of terror to bewilderment.
Glo was quiet for a few moments. How did one get a girl to chase them like Kailay chased Lloyd? Wait, Kailay chased Lloyd! 
“Let her come after you,” Glo said aloud. “Girls seem to like the mysterious type, though I’m really not sure why. Anyway, that is what I would do if I were you.”
“I’ll do it!” Lloyd declared enthusiastically. He walked over and clasped the elf on his shoulder. “Thanks, Glo. You’re a true friend.” With that, the young man launched himself back into bed and was asleep in a matter of minutes.
Glo sat up for a while, pondering the whole subject of male and female interaction. He was no expert on the matter, and he quite frankly doubted that one existed. 
His own father had been married to his mother for nearly one hundred and thirty years. Yet Amrod still did not seem to understand Aerandir as far as Glo could tell. 
So what hope did someone like Lloyd or himself, who never even had a relationship before, have with women? Well, at least Lloyd seemed at peace for now. 
His mind wandered back to the coming mission. He believed that they were far better prepared than they had been on their trip to Stone Hill. Back then they had no idea what they were getting into; they merely reacted to situations as they arose. 
This time they knew exactly where they were going and who they were facing. There would be no surprises. With that thought, the young elf closed his eyes and drifted into a restful trance.

Orc Season
They call him the one-eyed god.

Early the next morning, the small company found themselves gathered in front of the Dying Minotaur. Everyone was busily packing their horses except for Aksel and Seth. The two smallest members of the group were loading their gear onto their large riding dogs. 
It was fairly quiet outside the inn this morning, with just a few townsfolk passing by and bidding the travelers good luck on their journey. Other than that, the street was rather empty. 
As Glo adjusted the straps on his saddle, he noticed Lloyd and Delgron over by their mounts in deep conversation. Every once and a while, the young man would glance over at the doorway to the inn with a pensive look on his face. Glo realized that Lloyd was looking for Kailay. 
They had not seen the young barmaid during breakfast earlier that morning. She had always been there before, with her bright smile and perky attitude, cheering them on. However, she had not shown up for work this morning. 
Glo sincerely hoped that she would return soon. He would hate to think that her embarrassment over what was essentially a harmless flirtation would keep her away indefinitely. 
Glo finished making sure his packs were secure and then deftly swung up onto his horse’s back. He trotted over next to the two warriors, both of whom were now mounted on their steeds.
“Is everything okay?” he asked Lloyd quietly.
“I’m fine,” the young man replied with a wan smile.
“Ah, the lad’s worried for no reason,” Delgron said. “He told me what happened with Kailay. I told him she’d get over it, same as you. And anyway, from what I’ve heard, he’s got another young blonde to worry about.”
Lloyd’s face began to redden slightly.
“What did I tell you?” Glo said to the young man. “Was I right?”
Lloyd did not answer for a few moments, his face flushing a bit more. Finally, he said, “I guess so.”
Glo exchanged glances with Delgron, and the two of them began to chuckle. Then Delgron pulled his horse in close to Lloyd and clapped him on the shoulder. “Lloyd, my friend, you’ve got a lot to learn about the ladies.”
“Gee. Thanks a lot,” Lloyd told Delgron, his voice laced with irony.
“But don’t worry, lad,” Delgron continued, “the Lady Andrella has had many suitors, even from Dunwynn itself, and she hasn’t given a one of them the time of day. So you must be doing something right.” 
Lloyd stared at Delgron for a moment, his expression uncertain. Delgron just sat there looking back at him with a sincere look on his face. 
“Thanks,” he said warmly.
They were interrupted by a familiar voice. 
“Are we ready to go?” Aksel cried out. Glo looked over and saw the little cleric sitting astride his riding dog. 
“Yeah.” 
“Yes.” 
“Sure,” came the multiple replies.
“Then let’s move out,” Aksel spurred his dog forward.
The others fell in behind the gnome as he led them down the road. This time they turned north then northwest, following the west road past the keep on their way out of town. 
As they crossed the road leading up to the small castle, Glo glanced up the hill and saw three riders waiting by the gate. One of them had long blonde hair and was dressed in a fine green riding outfit. 
That was most definitely the Lady Andrella. The other two looked like castle guards. When the riders saw them, they spurred their horses forward and road down the hill toward them. 
Aksel, out in front, held up his hand and called a halt to the company. It took less than a minute for the three riders to catch up with them. As they approached, they slowed down and stopped a few paces from them. 
The center rider was indeed the Lady Andrella. Accompanying her on either side were the two guards, Francis and Relkin.
The young lady cleared her throat and addressed the group. 
“Good adventurers,” she began, “we would like to wish you the best of luck on your upcoming endeavor. The Barony of Ravenford greatly appreciates your efforts in the name of our town and as such we would like to present you with this small token of our esteem.” 
The young woman snapped her fingers, and Francis and Relkin dismounted. They each unhooked a package from their horses and walked forward with them. Those packages turned out to be two large picnic baskets which were overflowing with food. 
The two men walked forward and presented the baskets to both Lloyd and Delgron. Glo glanced back at the young woman and noted that she was eyeing Lloyd as he took the basket from Francis. There was a trace of a smile on her lovely young face as she watched him graciously thank the guard. She was interrupted from her fascination with the young man as Aksel cleared his throat.
“Ahem…good Lady, we very much appreciate this token of esteem from the First House of Ravenford. Please be assured that our efforts will be strengthened measurably by your kind support.”
“You are all most welcome,” the young lady replied, her eyes drifting over the entire group and finally settling on Lloyd. 
The young man smiled shyly at her. She briefly smiled back then lowered her eyes, her smooth pale complexion reddening slightly. 
As Francis and Relkin remounted their horses, the Lady Andrella looked up and addressed the group in general. 
“Good luck then. May the gods keep you safe, and may you return to us soon noble adventurers.” 
She glanced one last time at Lloyd, blushing when their eyes briefly met. Then she turned her mount and spurred it up the hill. 
Francis and Relkin bid them good luck then turned and followed the young lady back up to the keep.
Once the riders were out of earshot, Brundon spoke up. 
“Well, my friends, this little group certainly seems to have earned the favor of the House Avernos.” He paused a moment as he turned toward Lloyd. “Perhaps some of us more than others,” he added slyly.
Lloyd had been staring up the hill at the departing young lady. After that last remark, he turned to look at Brundon. The young man began to flush, and his hand went to the back of his head. 
“I think she was just being…nice,” he said.
The entire group began to chuckle. Then Brundon leaned forward in his saddle and said, “Trust me, Lloyd, the young lady has far more than just being ‘nice’ in mind. You, my lad, are being officially chased.”
Lloyd’s face flushed even more, but then a smile began to appear on his lips.
“Ahem,” Aksel cleared his throat. “Well then, now that we are done discussing Lloyd’s love life, can we get moving?”
Everyone laughed, but this time Lloyd was too engrossed in his own thoughts to care.
Once the laughter died down, the group spurred their mounts and continued on the west road toward the edge of town.

The little town of Ravenford was soon left behind. They followed the west road as it ran northwest alongside the Raven River until it branched off into two tributaries, the Berribrun and the West Raven. The road then continued to parallel the West Raven past the Kelman hills to the south and the Dweomer Forest to the north. 
It was another beautiful day. The sun was still low in the sky behind the travelers. The grass was still covered with morning dew, and the leaves glistened with residue moisture. 
Glo’s familiar flew overhead. Raven appeared over the party, circled for a minute or two, then shot out ahead of the little band over the treetops. 
The party crossed over the Berribrun and was now traveling on the north side of the West Raven. They were just beginning to skirt the fringes of the Dweomer Forest. 
The woods were a stark contrast to the Dead Forest down by Stone Hill. The trees rose high above the travelers, their boughs full with lush greenery. The floor of the woods was blanketed with dark, thick underbrush. The sweet smell of pine and the strong odor of cedar wafted on the gentle breeze that reached the roadway. 
The sound of birds singing their early morning songs filled the air. The avian creatures flitted from tree to tree. Occasionally an entire flock would rise up from one tree, make a huge airborne circle, and wing their way to another tree a short distance away, landing as a group. 
Squirrels danced among the branches, chasing each other, playing tag. They heard the rustle of an animal moving through the brush, often followed by a deer or fox sighting.
Glo sighed heavily. “Now that is what a forest should look like” 
It had been almost two months now since he had left his woodland home of Cairthrellon. He had not thought about it at the time, but he was beginning to feel homesick. These last few days in the cramped town of Ravenford and the awful Dead Forest took more of a toll on him than he realized. The sights, sounds, and smells of the Dweomer Forest drove the point home most poignantly. 
“Are you alright?” Aksel asked, dropping back to ride beside Glo. The gnome had a concerned look on his face.
Glo shook himself out of his melancholy mood. He was doing what he had always wanted. He was out in the world. He had made friends from three different races. And, most importantly, he was using his talents to help people. 
They had saved that caravan, freed Stone Hill, and now were on their way to dispatch a band of thieving orcs. This was his destiny. 
He turned to Aksel and forced himself to smile. “I’m fine. Just a momentary bout of homesickness. It’s passed.”
“I know what you mean,” Aksel replied, his face taking on a somber expression. “I can’t believe how flat everything is out here. It just seems…unnatural.”
Just then, a small black form winged out of the sky. Glo turned his head and spied Raven, angling down toward him. The wizard raised his arm, and the bird landed on his wrist. 
She hopped up onto his shoulder and perched there saying “Ikotane vanima, ikotane vanima.” So beautiful, so beautiful.
“Well, at least Raven is content,” Aksel observed, his melancholy mood lifting somewhat.
“Yes, she is,” Glo agreed, the bird's happy mood raising his spirits as well. He sighed as tranquility washed over him for the first time in quite a while. “She is merely happy to be out among nature.”
The two companions exchanged brief smiles and then went back to drinking in their peaceful surroundings.
The little band continued to follow the road as it wound alongside the West Raven. Soon they past the Dweomer Forest and were back in open country. 
They saw a group of hills to the south of the river. Those were the Kelman hills according to Brundon. They had passed through them on their previous journey to Stone Hill. 
North of the road, the Vogel Hills rose lazily to meet the sky. The rolling green hills were a familiar sight to the companions and would accompany them all the way back to the Bendenwoods. 
As the day wore on, the weather stayed clear. The party continued westward, making good time on the smooth paved surface of the roadway. 
It was just shy of midday when they caught their first glimpse of the Bendenwoods. The edge of the forest spread out before them, reaching far to the south of the West Raven and all the way north to the foot of the Vogels. Aksel called a halt, and the party drew together on the road.
“Whew,” Lloyd whistled. “That is one large forest. I spent a lot of time in the Keltin Woods, but that might as well be a grove compared to this.”
“The Bendenwoods is one of the largest forests on the east coast,” Brundon responded as he gazed up and down the expansive tree line still off in the distance.
“The last time we were here, I really did not get a chance to enjoy the view. I was too preoccupied with the sounds of battle," Lloyd confessed.
“Trust me,” Seth said dryly, “that’s one preoccupation we won’t complain about.”
Lloyd did not take his eyes off the forest sprawling before them. “I’m glad you approve," he replied, clearly amused. 
Glo noted the awed expression on Lloyd’s face as he continued to stare at the lush forest. “If this little wood impresses you,” he said aloud, “then you should come with me one day to Cairthrellon. The great forest of Ruanaiaith puts Renesnyn to shame.”
Lloyd turned his head toward him raising an eyebrow. “Renesnyn?”
“The elven name for the Bendenwoods.”
The young man stared at him with a skeptical expression. “And this Ruanai…” he trailed off.
“…aith,” Glo finished for him.
“Ruanaiaith.” Lloyd repeated the entire word to see if he could pronounce it this time.
Glo nodded approvingly, the edges of his mouth upturning slightly.
“Is it really that large of a forest?” Lloyd asked, his expression still showing his disbelief.
“Oh, most definitely. Ruanaiaith stretches from Cairthrellon in the west to Kai-Arborus in the east, easily thrice the length of Renesnyn. And it is home to some of the largest and oldest trees in Thac. They grow to enormous size. Some of them support the eleven city of Kai-Arborus, sections of which rise high above the forest floor. Arcarion and Giant Oak, they dwarf anything you might see here in this forest.”
“Well then," Aksel chimed in, "now that we’ve had our lesson in elven forestry for the day,” he paused and grinned at Glo, “we should probably stop and have lunch.”
“You can never know too much,” Glo responded with a hint of amusement in his voice. “As my father loves to say, knowledge is power.”
“I couldn’t agree more. Speaking of which, maybe Raven can do some scouting for us and improve our knowledge of what’s ahead?”
“Touché,” Glo conceded. 
He turned his head to the black bird currently perched on his shoulder and said, “Iquista ernthye de ale'quel.” Please scout up front. 
“Vee'lye iest.” As you wish, Raven replied. In seconds, she was winging skywards toward the rambling forest in front of them. 
A short way off the road stood a small grove of pine trees. Brundon scouted around the grove and found a small clearing in its center. The company moved off the road and began to set up for lunch. 
They unpacked the two baskets the Lady Andrella had gifted them with and found inside a gourmet meal for all. There were breaded cutlets of chicken mixed with slices of ham and cheese, sliced potatoes baked with some kind of cheese sauce, buttered corn giblets, apple pies, and some spiced apple cider to wash it all down.
“Looks like a meal fit for a king,” Brundon commented hungrily as they emptied the baskets, “though I would have preferred ale.”
“Perhaps the good Lady Andrella is trying to keep us sober on this mission,” Aksel pointed out dryly as they spread out the food onto some blankets they had thrown on the ground.
“Hey, food we didn’t have to catch ourselves…and pie! No complaints here,” Seth declared as a knife appeared in his hands and he began to cut into his lunch.
There was easily enough food for all of them in those baskets, allowing everyone to eat heartily. The main meal was soon gone, and Seth took to cutting up the pies into slices for everyone. That was soon gone as well, and the group began to clean up the remains of their sumptuous meal. 
As they packed what little food was left, Raven returned from her scouting mission. Seth spotted her circling high above, and they all watched as the black bird spiraled down and landed on Glo’s extended arm. 
“Ilyana tîn,” she told her master. All is quiet. Glo happily reported that message to the others.
“Excellent,” Aksel nodded to Glo. Turning to the rest of the group he said, “Now let’s finish up here quick and get ready to move out.”
 “I’ll go ahead and scout out the ground,” Brundon offered. “No offense to your raven, but there is much that cannot be seen from the air.”
“How about if we both go,” Seth corrected him. “You can fan out north of the road, and I’ll fan out south along the river.”
“Good idea,” Brundon agreed, nodding approvingly at the halfling.
When all was ready, everyone mounted their steeds and headed back out of the grove onto the road. As they began the trek westward once more, Seth and Brundon moved on ahead and split off road in either direction, their figures eventually dwindling into the rolling grasslands that spread between here and the forest. 
The Bendenwoods was getting closer now. The trees were reaching up so high that they covered most of the sky in front of them. It was early afternoon, and the sun was directly overhead. The travelers could feel the heat of the orb beating down on their heads and shoulders. 
The rest of them continued their advance but had not quite made it to the edge of the forest when Seth and then Brundon rejoined them. As it turned out, Seth had not found much between the road and the river. But the tracker had quite a different story to tell.
“I found some shoed tracks north of the road,” Brundon began. “Three of them to be exact; a bit larger than your average man from what I could gauge. So we’re either talking Lloyd-sized men, or…” he looked around at the others knowingly.
“Orcs,” Seth finished for him. “Where do the tracks lead?”
“Into the forest; I followed them about a quarter mile in. There they meet up with four more sets of similar tracks.”
“So there are seven of them all together,” Aksel mused, stroking his chin.
“It would seem so. The four tracks come down from the north, meet these three, and then all seven of them head south from there.”
“From the north, you say?” Glo spoke up. “What is up that way?” he asked, looking at Brundon curiously.
“Nothing but the Vogel Hills.”
 “So where do you think they went?” Aksel asked, a pensive look on his face.
“Down toward the road,” Seth answered before Brundon could continue. “If I was setting up an ambush, I’d hide just north of the road. And I’d put some scouts up in the trees to watch it.”
“Makes sense,” Brundon nodded approvingly.
“Yes, indeed it does,” Aksel agreed slowly, obviously deep in thought as he considered all he had just heard. When he spoke again, he sounded more as if he was asking a question than making a decision. “Maybe it’s time we left the road. We’d be too easy to spot if it’s being watched.”
“Sounds smart to me,” Seth agreed, looking around at everyone else in the group.
“If we enter the forest north of here, that should put us behind anyone watching the road,” Glo mused aloud. “And if we are lucky, we might be able to sneak up on them.”
“Luck has nothing to do with it,” Seth stated emphatically. “Whoever is there will never see me coming.”
“Half the time, I can’t even see you coming,” Brundon confessed, a half smile on his lips. “And I’m no slouch at spotting things.”
“No, you aren’t,” the halfling admitted grudgingly.
“Seth?” Glo interrupted, a look of feigned disbelief across his face. “Did you just pay Brundon a compliment?”
“Did I?” Seth acted as nonchalantly as possible. “Guess I must be going soft.”
Brundon had a smirk on his face as Seth turned to him. 
“Don’t let it go to your head,” Seth noted smugly. “You still make as much noise as a boar crashing through the woods. Whoever taught you the art of being stealthy anyway?”
“Now there’s the Seth we’ve all come to know and love,” Lloyd grinned broadly. Turning to Brundon he added, “Don’t take it personal. If he thinks you’re too loud, just imagine what he must think of me!”
“Frankly, I don’t care what he thinks as long as I’m getting paid,” Brundon replied, his amusement with the entire conversation quite plain.
Before another word could be said, Aksel raised his hands. “Gentlemen, fun as this all is, we have work to do. Brundon, can you lead us to where the tracks enter the woods.”
“Absolutely,” Brundon responded, openly grinning at the irreverent little group. The tracker wheeled his horse around and headed back the way he came off the road.
Seth pointed his dog north and started after him. As he rode ahead, he looked back over his shoulder toward Lloyd and said, “You sound like a lumbering ox!”
Lloyd, Aksel, and Glo looked at each other knowingly and began to laugh.
“I’m not sure what was so funny about that,” Delgron looked at the trio with a puzzled expression on his face.
“You have to understand Seth,” Glo turned toward their bewildered colleague. “He always has to have the last word.”
“Oh,” Delgron responded as realization dawned across his face. Then he too began to grin.
The rest of the party filed off the road and followed Brundon back to where he first spied the tracks. They turned west and traced the footprints into the Bendenwoods. 
The company continued a short ways into the trees before stopping. At that point, the tracks met the second set of tracks from the north, and all seven tracks headed south from there as Brundon had indicated. 
They all dismounted and set up a perimeter. Then Aksel sent Brundon and Seth on foot to continue following the trail. The two of them were gone for half an hour before they returned. 
The group huddled together as Brundon reported, “It’s a party of orcs alright. They’re camped right where we guessed, uphill a couple hundred yards north of the road.”
“Two of them are up in the trees,” Seth added, “but they are also facing the road, probably keeping lookout for the next caravan.”
Seth and Brundon mapped out the orc camp. The two orcs in the trees were on either end of the encampment, maybe thirty feet up. In the center of the campsite, the other five orcs were gathered, preparing for an impending raid on the next unsuspecting caravan. 
Pheldman had supplied the adventurers with the shipping schedule, and another wagon train was due in later today. Somehow though, the orcs seemed also to be aware of the schedule. 
“Kind of makes you think someone is supplying them with that information,” Seth noted, his voice thick with suspicion. “Maybe someone in Ravenford even?”
“Hmmm,” Aksel murmured as he mused on the halfling’s point. “That does make a lot of sense. We might want to look into that when we get back. But for now, let’s deal with the matter at hand. What kind of weapons were these orcs carrying?”
“Four of them had those curved swords they like to carry, but the fifth one only had a staff,” Brundon said knowingly.
“Yes. Probably some kind of cleric then,” Aksel spelled out the implications of the tracker’s last statement.
“Orcs have gods?” Delgron asked, clearly surprised by this development.
“Yes, as a matter of fact they do,” Aksel turned toward the warrior. “I believe the orcs worship the god Krieg.” 
Glo nodded his agreement. He knew of the orc god Krieg. He told the others, “Yes, that is correct. They call him the one-eyed god. According to legend, Krieg lost his right eye in an epic battle with the chief of the elven gods, Elwynd Cor’lessian. Of course, the orcs dismiss the tale saying that Krieg always had one eye.”
“I think I like this god of the elves!” Lloyd declared enthusiastically. “You will have to tell me more about him when you get a chance, especially about this fight with the orc god.”
Glo grinned in response. Lloyd was interested in anything to do with battle, even legendary ones. “Sure thing…but getting back to this upcoming battle, I think I can take care of the two orcs in the trees. If I put them to sleep, they should be easy targets.”
“Then I can climb up and take them out, one at a time,” Seth fingered the sharp point of a knife that had appeared in his hand.
“Delgron and I can handle the warriors,” Lloyd exclaimed, clasping Delgron on the shoulder. 
Delgron nodded his head in agreement. “Aye, lad. That we can.”
“Excellent!” Aksel declared to the group in general. “That covers everything except for that cleric. It wouldn’t do having him cast spells about during the fight.” The gnome’s brow furrowed as he contemplated the matter. 
Glo had to agree. Clerics could do more than heal with divine magic. There were other spells they could cast which would paralyze or blind their opponents. Aksel chose not to do so most of the time, saving his powers for healing. With this orc cleric, there was no telling what he might do.
Aksel turned toward Brundon. “What if you stay hidden back in the trees with your bow ready? As soon as Lloyd and Delgron charge in, you start pelting the orcs with arrows to distract them. Spread a few around, but once these two engage them, begin targeting that cleric exclusively. That should keep him busy.”
“Sounds like my kind of fight,” Brundon grinned broadly as he un-slung his bow.
They hiked through the trees toward the orc encampment. Brundon and Seth led the way, both moving ahead of the others. The others followed, trying to make as little noise as possible. 
Fifteen minutes later, they came to a stop. Seth and Brundon came back to join the others, and the group huddled close together one again. 
 “They’re about a hundred yards south of us,” Brundon announced in a hushed voice. 
 “And they are basically in the same positions,” Seth added. “The two sentries are still in the trees. The warriors are shuffling around a bit but seem to be sticking to the general area of the encampment.”
“Sounds like they’re getting restless,” Glo noted based on those observations.
“Quite,” Aksel agreed softly. 
The little cleric took a deep breath and turned toward Seth. 
“Can you get Glo close enough to those sentries to put them to sleep?”
“No problem,” the halfling responded confidently.
“Then you finish the job,” Aksel added his voice dreadfully serious.
Seth just nodded. He turned toward Glo and motioned for him to follow. The halfling and the elf left the others behind as they moved forward through the trees.
As Glo and Seth disappeared into the forest, Aksel continued discussing the rest of the plan. 
“Brundon, get us within fifty yards of the encampment. Then you can move out and get into position. Start firing when you hear Lloyd and Delgron charge.”
Brundon nodded approvingly. 
“Sounds good. Now follow me,” he said waving the others forward. He turned and began moving south through the trees. 
They went very slowly this time, being extremely careful not to make any noise. Fifty yards and five minutes later, the tracker held up his hand and signaled a halt. He motioned that he was moving off and disappeared into the woods to the right. 
Lloyd scanned the woods ahead of him but couldn’t quite see anything other than trees. The forest went silent, signifying that there was something amiss in this area. 
The young warrior closed his eyes and began to meditate. He slowed his breathing and cleared his mind. When he snapped his eyes open a minute later, he was completely calm and ready for battle. He stood unmoving, waiting for the signal to charge. 
A normal man would probably have been nervous and fidgety. Lloyd was no ordinary man; he was a spiritblade. As he waited patiently for the signal, the meaning of that word flashed through his mind. 
Spiritblades were students of a secret lore called the Path of the Blade. The discipline taught one to combine the mind, body, and spirit when wielding their weapons. A spiritblade could thus draw on ki, the energy that flows in and around all things, to perform martial exploits that seemed almost superhuman. 
Lloyd had wanted to be a spiritblade ever since he was a little boy. So at the age of twelve, his father finally agreed to train him. It was not glamorous at first, the young boy not being allowed to even touch a weapon. Instead, he was started on a routine of rigorous physical training designed to improve both his strength and endurance. 
The young boy spent many hours sweating and straining. He pushed his body to its physical limits, beginning with intense labor around the family farm. Soon he added long distance running with heavy packs to his regimen. His training was rounded off with the grueling navigation of rough terrain using nothing but his bare hands. 
As demanding as his physical training turned out to be, Lloyd found his mental and spiritual training even harder. He spent hours sitting still in quiet meditation, something he was not very good at initially. The purpose was to connect with his inner spirit. 
Once that was accomplished, he learned to channel that power within. It required a great deal of faith in the intangible. It also necessitated great strength of mind.
After a full year of physical, mental, and spiritual conditioning, Lloyd was finally allowed to touch his first sword. His father officially enrolled him in the Stealle Academy of the Sword, their family’s school. 
Lloyd already knew everyone in the school, having frequented it since he was old enough to follow his older brother and sister, both of whom were initiates. Hanging out at the school and training there were two different things. 
Lloyd began with the very basics of swordplay, including fundamental attacks, blocking, parrying, and countering. It was hard exercise involving many hours of sweat, cuts, and bruises. 
Lloyd, strong as he was even at that age, was a bit clumsy at first. The budding warrior was determined, and expertise with the blade did run in the family. 
After two full years of training, Lloyd had become an expert swordsman. Simultaneous to his training with the sword, Lloyd continued his meditative exercises. The intangible connection to his inner spirit eluded the young man. Concentration was difficult for him, and he found his mind wandering more often than not. 
He eventually made progress, and after two full years had learned to quiet his mind. After he got past that hurdle, he could truly meditate. A full year later, almost to the day, he made actual contact with his inner self. 
Once he found that spark of spirit, he learned to call forth the power from within. That too was a slow process, but after it was mastered, the experience was exhilarating. Lloyd found that he could move faster, hit harder, and withstand far more punishment than he ever could before.
It took four years for him to achieve that measure of control over his body, mind, and spirit. At that point, his “true training” commenced. Lloyd’s father began teaching him the most basic of spiritblade techniques. It was a difficult combination of quick, precise movements, and mental images he was required to call up in unison. 
This turned out to be the most difficult task the young warrior had faced to date. He found himself both physically and mentally exhausted at the end of each day. However, Lloyd did not complain. Instead, the determined young man rose to the challenge. 
After five full years of dedication, toil, and sweat, Lloyd mastered his first few spiritblade techniques. He became a blade adept--a spiritblade. To celebrate this achievement, his parents presented him with twin bastard swords with their family crest engraved on the handles. 
Lloyd’s hands now firmly gripped the hilts of those weapons as he continued to scan the woods ahead of him. He caught sight of a small black figure flying down toward them from the tree tops. As it came closer, Lloyd identified it as Glo’s familiar, Raven. 
The bird landed on a nearby tree branch and cawed briefly at Delgron, Aksel, and himself, “Tana carina, tana carina.”
“That’s the signal,” Aksel whispered. “The sentries are gone. Now it’s your turn. Go!”
Lloyd glanced at Delgron and nodded then took off at a run forward through the trees. He heard Delgron clanking behind him, the armor laden warrior doing his best to keep up, but Lloyd pulled ahead. 
He heard shouts through the trees in front of him. He burst through into a clearing and found five orcs standing there. They were turned away from him, ducking and dodging as one arrow after another flew through their camp. A brief smile crossed Lloyd’s face. Brundon was doing an excellent job. 
The spiritblade took advantage of the distraction and slowed his pace while weaving his arms in quick intricate patterns. As he reached the nearest orcs, his blades burst into flames. 
The young warrior began to swing his twin swords in wide sweeping arcs, catching both warriors with a burning blade. He heard a battle cry beside him and caught a glimpse of shining silver flash past him. 
Delgron entered the fray and engaged another of the orcs. Lloyd was too busy for more than a fleeting glance.
The young warrior continued to move, allowing his body to flow with his blades as he had been taught. He wielded his twin swords, spinning his body, deftly parrying the occasional curved blade that came near him. 
As he finished off one of the orcs, Lloyd heard a scream come from somewhere in front of him. The young warrior threw back his opponent and chanced a quick look behind the creature. 
He saw the orc cleric standing about a dozen yards back. The monster had dropped its staff and was clutching an arm with an arrow protruding from it. 
Lloyd also caught sight of Delgron. The other warrior stood about halfway between him and the orc cleric, over another orc’s body. His sword was stuck in the corpse, and Delgron was desperately trying to extract the blade from it. Worse, a third orc was sneaking up behind him. 
“Look out!” Lloyd yelled in desperation. 
Throwing all caution to the wind, he launched a fierce offensive on the orc in front of him. He overwhelmed the creature with a couple of swift blows and knocked its sword out of its hand. 
The orc stepped back and threw its shield at him. Lloyd parried it aside, but his adversary turned and broke into a run. 
Lloyd looked back toward Delgron. 
The big man had managed to retrieve his sword but had dropped his shield and now stood off balance in front of the approaching orc. The monster had its arm pulled back and was a scant second away from stabbing Delgron in the chest; the sharp blade was certain to pierce through the big man’s armor.
Lloyd had only one chance. Quieting his mind, he allowed his training to take over. 
The world slowed around him as he struck a well-practiced pose and began a series of intricate motions with his hands. He envisioned himself leaping through the air, his body rushing forward with incredible speed and inserting itself between Delgron and the unsuspecting orc. 
The whole effort took just under a second. As the orc’s arm uncoiled, the pointed end of the blade moving forward toward Delgron’s unprotected chest, Lloyd finished his motions, and the vision in his mind was invoked. 
The world rushed past him as he leapt forward and was now between the orc and his prey. The spiritblade swept his left blade outward, parrying the thrust which would have ended Delgron’s life. 
The unsuspecting orc was completely thrown off balance and left wide open to attack. Lloyd took one great swing with his right hand and beheaded the creature before it could regain its balance. The body crumpled to the ground in a heap. 
Lloyd spun around and surveyed the area around him once more. The orc he had just been fighting was nowhere to be seen. 
He did catch a brief glimpse of the back of the enemy cleric as it disappeared through the trees at the other end of the clearing. Then he realized that was staring at him with his jaw hanging wide open. 
“Th-thanks,” Delgron finally managed. “What was that?”
“It’s a spiritblade technique, Blink of an Eye.”
As the young warrior scanned the trees again, the orc cleric was completely out of sight. “Will you be alright here with Aksel?”
“We’ll be fine,” Delgron replied seriously as he stooped down to pick up his shield.
“Great. I’m going after those other orcs.” With that, Lloyd took off at a dead run in the direction he saw the orc retreat in.
“Be careful!” he heard Aksel’s cry from behind him.
Lloyd had already exited the clearing and was moving swiftly through the woods. He dodged between the trees and ran on as fast as he could. He came upon a small dark form sitting on top of an orc body. It was Seth! The halfling got up and removed a knife from the creature’s back.
“Nice job,” Lloyd declared, moving forward to look over the corpse. 
“No big deal,” Seth replied.
Lloyd smiled at the halfling then knelt down to examine the body. It was the orc warrior. 
“Where’s the cleric?”
“I was a bit busy with this one,” Seth noted. “He saw me and took off through those trees that way.” Seth pointed northward through the trees. “Brundon went after him.”
Lloyd got up and started heading northward when Seth held up a small hand. 
“I’ll go after him. You go and tell the others. Remember, we wanted one of them to get away anyway. That way we can track them to their lair.”
“Oh, yeah, right,” Lloyd replied, remembering the plan. “Good luck then. We’ll meet up with you shortly.”
“Thanks,” he said curtly. Then he turned around and sped off through the trees, disappearing from sight.
Lloyd turned around and headed back to the orc camp. When he arrived, he found Glo, Aksel, and Delgron all waiting for him.
“Where’s Seth?” Glo asked, looking around, expecting the halfling to be with him.
“He took off after Brundon and that orc priest,” Lloyd explained to the remaining trio.
“Did you see which way they were headed?” 
“North.”
The elven wizard made a quick motion with his hand, and his raven came flying out of a nearby tree, landing on his arm. Glo spoke to the bird in what sounded to Lloyd like elvish. Lloyd could not quite make out the words, however. 
The wizard held his arm out away from him, and the black bird opened its wings. With quick flaps, she propelled herself up and away. Raven spiraled up to the treetops and then flew off toward the north. Glo turned his attention back to them. 
“If she spots any of them, I can get a sense of where they are.”
“That bird comes in quite handy,” Lloyd noted as he continued to stare up into the sky at the point where Raven had disappeared. 
The whole episode made him think of his mother. An image of her came to mind. 
She stood there in her lab, her slight frame bent over a table full of beakers and vials with her pen in hand scribbling furiously into her notebook. Her long light brown hair hung down, covering her slim face and blue eyes as she concentrated on the results of her latest experiment. Never too far away, her familiar lay curled up in his padded box on the lab floor, purring contently.
“My mom’s familiar also flies,” Lloyd said absently, still envisioning his mother in his mind.
“Really?” Glo said his voice laced with curiosity. “What kind of familiar is it?”
“Vulcan?” Lloyd responded as the vision finally faded. “Oh…he’s a golden mini-dragon.”
 “Pseudodragon?” Glo asked, his left eyebrow shooting up.
“Um…yeah,” Lloyd nodded. That was the word his mother used to describe the little dragon.
Glo exchanged glances with Aksel as Lloyd looked on. Both of them had strange looks on their faces. Was there something wrong with his mom having a pseudodragon?
“Lloyd,” Aksel sounded somewhat tentative, “what is your mother’s full name?”
“Lara. Lara Stealle,” he answered, still uncertain as to what was bothering them. Then it dawned on him; he had never told his friends who his mother was. “She’s the High Wizard of Penwick.”
“High Wizard…” Glo trailed off, his mouth hanging open.
“The Lara Stealle?” Aksel asked his voice filled with awe. “The only wizard to ever turn down a seat on the Wizard’s Council?”
“Um…yeah,” Lloyd nodded, now feeling a bit embarrassed. This kind of reaction was exactly why he didn’t like talking about his parents. 
“So let me get this straight,” Glo responded slowly. “Your mom is High Wizard of Penwick.”
“Yes,” Lloyd replied hesitantly, inwardly hoping this was not going to be a big deal.
“And she was invited to join the Wizard’s Council, which from what little I’ve heard, rules over the entire magical community of Thac?” the elf asked, his eyes growing wider and wider.
“Yes,” Lloyd said tentatively, wishing his friends would just let this go.
“And she turned it down?” Glo asked, his voice sounding a bit strained.
“Yes,” Lloyd nodded. “It wasn’t all that big of a deal,” he added. “She just didn’t want to be away from her lab and her family. Anyway, she said, ‘The council was just a bunch of stuffy old men and women who wouldn’t know the truth about magic if it jumped up and bit them.’”
Aksel and Glo snorted simultaneously. The two exchanged a quick glance and then burst out laughing. 
This was more like it! At least they weren’t taking this so seriously anymore. He really liked his new friends and the way they treated him just like everyone else. The last thing he wanted was his parents’ fame to get in the way of that. 
Aksel finally stopped laughing and wiped a tear from his eye. Glo had calmed down as well. He was now looking back and forth between both of them with an uncertain look on his face. “Is this Wizard’s Council really all that bad?”
“Remember what you said about your dad and the Council of the Great Elven Houses? How they are stuck in their ways?” Aksel asked, his tone becoming serious. “Just imagine a whole room full of wizards like that.”
“I see,” Glo replied thoughtfully, his left hand going to his mouth and his right hand crossing over his body to prop up his left elbow. He sat like that for a moment before tilting his head slightly. He turned to Lloyd. “It sounds like your mom is not afraid to speak her mind.”
“Yeah, that’s my mom,” Lloyd agreed, shrugging his shoulders. “She’s not very tolerant of what she thinks is nonsense. She says that other wizards are full of themselves and she has little patience with them.” Lloyd realized what he had said and added, “No offense intended.”
“None taken,” Glo replied, breaking out into grin. “I quite agree with your mom.”
Lloyd took a long look at his elven friend. Glo was really not at all like other wizards. He was neither stuffy nor did he act self-important. 
“You know,” the young man said aloud, “I have a feeling she just might like you, Glo. You’re not exactly a typical wizard.”
Glo was quiet for a moment, his eyes squinting and lips pursing as he stared back at Lloyd. Then his lips curled up at the corners. “I’ll take that as a compliment.”
Delgron, who had been silent during the whole conversation, spoke up. 
“I hate to interrupt, but are we ready to move out yet?”
Lloyd, Glo, and Aksel all turned at once to look at him, having almost forgotten he was there. Lloyd nodded his head and said, “I am.” Glo and Aksel also agreed.
“Let’s go and get the horses and dogs first,” Aksel decided. Turning to Lloyd he added, “Can you lead us back there?”
“Not a problem,” Lloyd replied confidently. 
He was not an experienced tracker like Brundon, but he could follow a fresh trail through these woods. 
With that, Lloyd took a quick look around to orient himself. They had come…that way he observed, finding traces of where they had initially charged into the camp. He motioned for the others and began leading them back the way they had come. 
The trail was easy to follow, and fifteen minutes later they arrived where they had left the horses and dogs tethered to some trees. From there, the four of them moved northward. 
Glo was able to get a sense of direction from his familiar. They were mounted on horse and dog back, and thus were able to close the gap with the others. It was getting late in the day and would soon be dusk. 
They traveled for almost an hour when Glo announced, “We are very close. Raven is only a few hundred yards away.”
“It looks like the trees are thinning out ahead,” Lloyd observed as he scanned the forest in front of them. “We must be near the north end of the woods.”
“The edge of the forest is about 500 yards ahead,” a familiar voice announced out of nowhere. They all looked around, not spotting anyone. Abruptly, Seth appeared right in front of their eyes.
“Playing with that cloak again, I see,” Glo noted, amused with the halfling’s little stunt.
Seth just grinned in response. “Wouldn’t you?”
“Yes,” the wizard admitted, his tone somewhat wistful.
“Anyway,” Aksel looked at Seth, “Where’s Brundon? And where’s that orc priest?”
“The orc left the woods and headed up the hillside to a cave. Brundon is waiting at the forest’s edge, keeping an eye on the cave. I circled back to stop you from charging on ahead and making a ton of noise.”
“Elves do not make a ton of noise,” Glo replied, sounding mildly offended. 
“No, but you can hear Delgron’s armor clanking from a mile away,” Seth responded immediately.
Delgron said nothing, but Aksel gave the halfling a hard look.
“Ok, maybe not that bad,” Seth relented after a few moments. “But we have no idea how many orcs are up in that cave. We need to be as quiet as possible.”
“Point taken,” Aksel agreed, though he still looked somewhat annoyed.
The small company moved forward until they were close to the edge of the forest. They dismounted and tethered their mounts then quietly hiked to the forest’s edge. 
At the wood’s edge they found Brundon, nestled behind some large rocks. Lloyd peered around the rocks and saw the trees open up to reveal a gentle, grassy slope receding perhaps another hundred yards. At the end of the slope, they could see the base of a hill. 
The shadow of a range of hills beyond blocked out the stars which were just beginning to appear in the night sky. The young warrior squinted with his eyes and could barely make out a small, slightly darker area at one point where the slope met the hillside. He assumed that was the cave Seth had mentioned. 
Everyone gathered around Brundon. 
“That orc entered the cave about fifteen minutes ago,” the tracker reported in a hushed voice. “I haven’t seen anything move in or out of the cave since.”
“Perhaps it leads farther back inside the hills,” Aksel mused aloud. He turned to Seth and said, “Would you like to do a little scouting?”
“Sure, why not,” Seth replied casually. He wrapped himself in his cloak and said a single word in a language Lloyd did not understand. Then he vanished from sight. 
The young man stared in amazement at where Seth had just been. It was not the invisibility that astonished him. Lloyd’s mother could do that trick as well. It was that he could also move so silently. Now that he could also turn invisible, he would be nearly impossible to detect. 
With Seth gone, the rest of them had to wait behind the rocks for his return. There were a few trees up the slope, so Glo sent his Raven flying over to one close to the cave entrance. It was all up to Seth now. 
At the first sign of trouble, Lloyd would be ready to lend a hand.

The Cave Guardian
These creatures were extremely hard to kill.
Seth left the forest behind and slowly climbed the grassy slope toward the cave. It was completely dark out now, and since he was invisible, he was not worried about being seen. Nor was he very concerned about being heard. 
He could move without making any noise when he wanted to. It would take extremely keen hearing to detect his presence that way. He had been trained to be as stealthy as possible. Invisible, or not, he was extremely careful as he approached the cave entrance. 
As he continued to move forward, the halfling took in his surroundings. It was completely dark now. The sun had set a short time ago, and it would be hours before the moon appeared. 
He was at the foot of the Vogels, and the shadows of the rolling hills rose into the sky before him, hiding a good portion of the sky to the north. He glanced back and saw the tall trees of the Bendenwoods behind him. The forest eclipsed the lower portion of the sky to the south. He looked straight up and saw a wide strip of star-studded sky that stretched directly over him. 
The star light, while beautiful, hardly illuminated the ground around him. This was really no challenge for Seth who easily picked his way through the grassy terrain up the slope.
He could dimly hear the nighttime sounds of the forest behind him: crickets chirping, the wind rustling through the leaves, and the occasional hoot of an owl. 
As he climbed toward the orc cave, the surrounding area was rather quiet. Perhaps not much lived up here. Then again, it might be something else. Something may have spooked the wildlife away. 
He felt a gentle breeze against his skin, coming from the south. He lifted his head and sniffed the air but detected no strange odors, just the scent of pine and grass. 
Seth continued closing in on the cave. He was perhaps two dozen yards away and could almost see inside it from here. Was that a faint glow coming from the inside?
He heard a noise. Seth froze in his tracks and listened. He heard it again. It was a thumping sound. He tried to pinpoint the source. It was coming from the cave.
The thumping was getting louder now. A low growl emanated from the cave, sending a chill up and down his spine. Seth continued to remain still, his eyes locked on the cave entrance. 
A shadow appeared outlined against the faint glow inside the cave. It grew in size until it blotted out the dim light completely. The thumping sounds, heavy footsteps, grew louder. Then there was another low growl.
Seth thought momentarily about backing away but decided against it. He was invisible and standing quite still. He would be fine he told himself. 
He watched as the creature emerged from the cave. The hulking shadow was man-shaped but hunched. The silhouette slowly expanded upwards. Two giant arms stretched out toward the sky above the shadow. 
One of them held a long cylindrical object, which was fatter at the top and was most likely a club. There was a groan, and then the thick arms fell to hang low at the creature’s side. 
The beast was huge, nine feet high and three feet across the shoulders. A broad, square-shaped head stood above those shoulders, supported by a short, wide neck. 
Seth caught a momentary glimpse of mottled green skin. Troll. That’s what this thing is. If he had not been invisible, he would have been in immense danger. 
Trolls were huge, brutish creatures that killed and ate almost anything alive. Their great size and strength made them formidable opponents. Trolls were also quite agile, despite their ponderous frames. Still, that was not the worst thing about fighting a troll. 
These creatures were extremely hard to kill. If you sliced a troll, the wound would start healing almost immediately. The regenerative powers of these monsters were legendary. Even if you cut off its head, it would start to grown one back. 
The only way to beat one of these things was to use fire or acid on it. That would seal the wounds and stop the creature’s body from regenerating.
As all this crossed Seth’s mind, he could hear deep, heavy breaths coming from the troll. The creature stood at the cave’s entrance, swiveling its large head from side to side. Then the troll began taking in short little breaths. 
It was sniffing the air! The large head turned back and forth a bit more then stopped. Seth’s blood iced over. The beast was looking right in his direction. It lumbered forward. 
The thing smells me! 
Seth slowly backed away as the creature continued toward him, but the troll was moving faster now, advancing at a pace that belied its large frame. 
I’ve got to do something quick, or it will be right on top of me! 
He was inching his way backwards with the troll closing in when he spied a tree just behind him to his right. Seth altered his path in order to back up toward the tree. 
The troll closed the gap between the two of them and was now only a few yards away from the little halfling. The creature halted, once again sniffing the air. It turned and headed directly toward him.
That momentary pause gave Seth the extra time he needed. He was now directly beneath the tree’s outstretched limbs. He took a chance and vaulted to the trunk of the tree, scrambling up the side and into the limbs above. 
He heard a roar behind him but did not stop until he had climbed half way up the tree. He turned to look down. 
The troll was now underneath the tree. He could see the glow of its menacing red eyes just below him, searching the branches above for any sign of its quarry. 
Seth couldn’t relax just yet. He might be out of the troll’s reach for the moment, but the creature could uproot the entire tree if it wanted to. 
Seth caught a slight movement to his right in one of the branches. He saw a black bird sitting on a limb staring directly at him. It was Raven, Glo’s familiar. If the bird was here, Glo was sure to know he was in trouble.
He heard a clatter coming from down the slope toward the forest. The troll must have heard it, too, because the red eyes disappeared and he heard the creature’s feet shuffling around on the ground below. 
Seth shifted his position, reached forward, and parted the branches. He could now see in the direction of the clanking sound. Four figures were running up the slope in his direction. The lead figure had far outdistanced the other three and was brandishing two large swords as it ran. 
It was Lloyd! Seth was momentarily relieved. That explained all the clatter. Raven must have alerted her master and now they were all coming to help him. 
But they don’t know what they are facing yet! He had to warn them. 
The troll was most obliging in that area. It moved out from under the tree and roared, lifting its arms, brandishing its club. 
A red hot beam of light lanced across the night from down the slope. It pierced through the darkness and caught the troll straight in the chest. The beam illuminated the creature as it hit, making its features momentarily visible to the naked eye. 
The huge, ugly, flat face winced as its chest smoldered from the impact of the fiery beam. The troll’s mouth opened wide, exposing the wicked pointed yellow teeth inside as it roared in pain. 
Seth stifled a laugh. Glo must have learned a new fire spell and none too soon. Not only had it hurt the troll, but it also made it visible to everyone else in the party. 
As Seth watched from his perch in the tree, the swords in the lead figure’s hands began to glow and then burst into flames. Lloyd was using his spiritblade technique that he had employed against the large orc and again against the zombies. 
Flaming Blade the warrior had called it. That would help tremendously against the troll, but it still might not be enough. 
The others had the troll’s attention now, freeing Seth to move. He leapt to the ground a few yards behind the troll, tumbled gracefully, and rolled to a squatting position. 
He turned just in time to see Lloyd engage the troll. The warrior sliced at it with both burning blades, cutting deep into its hide. 
The troll yelped in pain and took a wild swing at the warrior with its huge club. Lloyd easily dodged out of the way. 
Delgron was still quite a few yards down the slope but was coming up fast. Meanwhile, Seth began circling around the troll trying to get directly behind it. He had no weapon that could harm the big creature, but then an idea came to him. 
He reached into his backpack and pulled out a torch. He continued to rummage through and found some flint as well. 
Lloyd was back to slicing at the troll. Two more cuts gashed the creature, sizzling and scorching its hide as they slashed through the mottled green skin. 
The troll swung its huge club at the red clad warrior. Lloyd twisted out of the way, but this time the edge of the club caught him in the back. It was a glancing blow, but the force of it knocked him onto his face. 
As the troll advanced on the young man, two arrows embedded themselves in the side of its head. Seth followed the trajectory of the arrows backwards and saw a figure holding a bow, standing beside a solitary tree. 
He turned back in time to see the troll brush the arrows out of its face as if they were just bothersome insects.
Another red beam of light lanced through the night and up the slope as the creature began moving forward again. Seth was closer this time and could actually feel the heat from the ray as it caught the troll in its chest. 
The creature roared in response, beating its torso and trying to put out some small fires on its chest. It was still smoldering when Delgron made it up the slope to the battle. 
Seth, now behind the troll, knelt down and laid out some twigs he had been gathering along the way. He took the flint and a small stone and set about starting a fire. The flint sparked, and smoke rose from the tiny wood pile. 
Seth looked up and saw that Lloyd was on his feet. Both he and Delgron flanked the troll, attacking it from opposite sides. 
First, Lloyd would charge in, slashing with those burning blades. Before the creature could respond, Delgron rushed in from the other side, attacking with his gleaming sword.
The troll seemed confused, flailing its massive club around back and forth but not connecting with either foe. The two warriors kept up this dual pronged attack, and the troll’s hide was full of smoking, scorched gashes within a matter of minutes. 
Seth looked down at the smoking pile. A small flame sprang up from it. He fanned it some more and the flames grew. He took the end of his torch and stuck it in the fire. 
He heard a savage roar. He looked up and saw the enraged troll. It flailed wildly with its club, this way and that. 
Lloyd stepped around the club and slashed the troll with his fiery swords, but as he moved back, the troll caught him with a quick backswing of its massive weapon. Lloyd took a full hit in the chest and was spun around, landing on one knee with his back to the troll, his blades flying out of his hands onto the grass in front of him. 
A lesser man would have been knocked unconscious. The spiritblade was momentarily defenseless. The troll roared in triumph and moved in on the downed warrior. 
Delgron chased after the creature, slashing it brutally from behind but to no avail. He could no longer distract the troll who was intent on battering the foe that was burning it. 
Two more arrows embedded themselves into the troll’s head, but the creature completely ignored them this time. 
As the savage creature hulked over the stunned form of Lloyd, two purple projectiles arced out of the air and caught the troll directly in the face. 
There were two mild concussion sounds. The monster’s huge head snapped back with each one. The large figure stopped its advance and threw its arms up in front of its face. 
It didn’t do much damage, but it did bring a momentary distraction.
He glanced over at Lloyd’s figure and saw that the warrior was beginning to stir. 
Delgron had moved around in front of the creature and placed himself directly between it and Lloyd. The warrior held his shield up in front of him, bracing for the heavy blow that was sure to come.
Seth was not about to let his any of his comrades take another blow. He looked down and saw that the end of the torch was burning nicely. Without a second thought for his own safety, Seth grabbed the torch and darted up behind the troll. 
The massive form towered over him, but Seth was too intent on saving his friends to care. He grasped the end of the torch with both of his hands and thrust upwards with all of his might, right into the creature’s posterior. The torch wedged into the troll’s backside. 
The troll screamed in pain and dropped its club, reaching behind with both hands to grab the torch and extract it from its painful perch. Seth had already let go and tumbled away and was now putting distance between himself and the monster. 
The distraction was perfectly timed. Lloyd was back on his feet, his recovered blades reignited. 
Lloyd and Delgron moved in as the creature vainly tried to pluck the torch from its rear end. The spiritblade and the fighter began a deadly assault, hacking away at the troll with rhythmic precision. 
One, two swings from Lloyd, and a third swing from Delgron. They continued over and over again as the troll desperately tried to fight back, but the monster no longer had its club. Still, the creature’s massive hands would have been deadly if they had connected. 
Lloyd was able to dodge out of the way, and Delgron deftly blocked the troll’s attacks with his shield. The fight went on for a few more minutes, then, finally, the troll went down. 
The two warriors continued their onslaught until the troll lay in an unmoving heap on the ground. It was over. The troll was dead.
As Seth moved forward to join the two warriors, Brundon came jogging up behind him. 
“Do you think there are any more of those things in there?” he asked.
“If there had been, they would probably be here by now with all the roaring that thing was doing.” Seth was clearly amused at the thought.
“Yes,” I think we can safely assume that there are no more trolls nearby,” a voice added. It was Glo. He and Aksel were walking up the slope to join them.
As they all converged on Lloyd and Delgron, Aksel declared in an elated tone, “Now that’s what I call teamwork!” 
The little cleric continued moving forward until he stood next to Lloyd. “Now you sit down,” he told the tall man. “You took a heck of a beating from that thing. Let’s make sure you’re alright.”
Lloyd must have been in great pain. He didn’t protest at all but just sat down right where he was, not even bothering to sheath his swords. 
Aksel reached out and held his hands over the young man. He ran them up and down Lloyd’s entire body, stopping occasionally then moving on again. The entire process took about two minutes.
When he was done, he announced, “This could take a while. Now sit still.” 
Lloyd nodded then put his hand to his head as if the very movement had caused him pain. 
“I told you to sit still,” Aksel scolded the young man. He immediately added in a far more sympathetic voice, “Don’t worry. I’ll have you fixed up good as new.” 
Once again, the little cleric put his hands forth over the battered warrior. This time he chanted softly as he did so. Healing white light began to pulse from his hands and slowly engulfed Lloyd’s body.
As the others stood by and watched the healing magic at work, Seth turned to the group in general and said, “Thanks for the assist guys.”
“We should be thanking you!” Lloyd exclaimed from his sitting position, turning to look at the halfling. He immediately winced from the sudden movement.
“I hate to say I told you so, but…” Aksel told him, leaving the rest unspoken. Lloyd turned forward again and sat unmoving after that.
“Anyway,” Glo broke the silence, “that was an interesting technique that you used on that troll. I don’t think I’ve ever seen anything like that before.”
“Yeah, Seth, what do you call that move?” Brundon asked, the lilt in his voice indicating his obvious amusement.
“Oh, it’s just something I made up on the spot,” the halfling replied. He really had not given any thought to it beyond that. It had been funny though, and it worked to boot. Perhaps he should name it; but what would be a fitting title? 
He was looking right at Glo when, totally deadpan, the elf said, “How about calling it Fire in the Hole?”
Seth and everyone else around him snorted, breaking out into fits of laughter. Fire in the hole? That was actually funny. Even more so that it had come from Glo. 
The elf never joked, at least, not as long as Seth had known him. Sure, there was the sarcastic remark now and then, but this was an actual pun. 
Seth gazed in wonder at his normally stoic friend. 
Glo turned to meet Seth’s stare, a thin smile spread across his face. Then, much to Seth’s surprise, Glo winked at him!
Wow. Glo was developing a sense of humor. Now that was unexpected. Seth grinned wryly back at his elven friend. Perhaps there was hope for him after all.


The Elven Bard
Strange night for a stroll in the woods.
The young elf had not seen the first volley of arrows. He might have heard them if he had not been gaily strumming on his lute. Suddenly, the driver next to him slumped down in his seat. The elven bard immediately stopped playing and reached over to touch the man. 
“Are you alri…” he never finished. As his hand touched the driver’s shoulder, the old man toppled over and fell off the wagon to the ground below. 
The bard was stunned, but the wagon continued to move forward. He shook himself out of it, reached forward and grabbed the reins, pulling the wagon to a halt. Then he vaulted down to the ground, spotting the driver’s body back a few yards. 
As the bard ran toward the fallen man, he heard a whizzing sound followed by a thunk behind him. Startled, he whirled around. There was an arrow protruding from the side of the wagon where he had just been standing. Someone was shooting at him! 
He immediately hit the dirt. That was way too close. The bard lifted his head and scanned the surrounding woods. It was nighttime, and even with his elven eyesight, it was difficult to see.
The driver! he remembered. He got up on his hands and knees and crawled over to the man. When he got to him, the driver was dead, an arrow protruding from his chest. 
Before he could react, the bard heard screams from down the road. He looked up and saw a group of figures burst from the forest and charge the wagon behind his. The attackers growled and snarled as they bore down on the caravan. 
He knew those sounds. orcs! 
He heard the crack of a whip and the sounds of horses’ hooves. He turned to look at the lead wagons and saw that the horses were taking off down the road at a gallop. 
What should he do? Should he follow them? Or should he help the folks behind? Turning back, he saw the orcs were halfway to the wagons. If he got his wagon moving, maybe they could all get away….
Without another thought, he leapt up, vaulted onto the wagon seat, and grabbed the reins. He gave them a hard tug. It didn’t take much. The horses were already nervous, and the slightest provocation made them run. The bard glanced back over his shoulder and saw the wagon behind him jerk forward. 
It was going to work! They were going to get away. 
His own wagon jolted all over the place, threatening to shake apart. He pulled back hard on the reins, but the horses fought him and kept running. 
“Hold on there!” he cried. 
He tried again but this time the reins snapped, and he almost fell backwards into the wagon. He sat back up in the seat and held on with both hands. The horses were running wild now, out of control.
The dark forest flew by on either side, everything a blur. They hit something, and the wagon jolted up in the air. It came down hard, jarring his teeth. If that happened again, they whole wagon would come to pieces! He had to do something. If he could only reach one of the horses.…
The bard stood up, precariously balancing himself on the jerking wagon. Bracing himself, he prepared to leap forward onto one of the rearmost horses. As the forest flashed by in a blur, he counted down: three…two…one…. 
The wagon jolted again, and he heard something crack. The wagon tilted to the left and teetered for a moment, the young elf barely balancing with it. The entire carriage overturned, and he was sent flying through the air, the forest floor whooshing by underneath him. 
A large shape loomed up in front of him. He covered his head with his arms, his life flashing before him. Somehow he missed whatever it was, but two seconds later, he hit the ground, rolling uncontrollably through bushes and underbrush. The entire world tumbled around and around…and then went black.

The bard’s eyes snapped open. Everything was dark. Where am I? 
He tried to move but found he was tangled up in a thick bramble of bushes. He thrashed around, trying to free himself. Then it hit him how he had gotten there. 
He stopped moving, not even daring to breath. He listened to his surroundings but heard nothing. The forest was quiet. He waited there a few minutes before moving again. 
He slowly extracted himself from wooden thicket. When he finally got free, he checked himself over. Everything felt ok, except for a wicked bump on the back of his neck. 
His lute! The bard turned and crawled back into the brush. He found the instrument in the bushes right next to where he had landed. He breathed a sigh of relief. It was still intact. 
Extracting himself from the thicket, the elven bard carefully got his bearings. He was most likely just north of the road they had been on, which was the one that led east out of the Bendenwoods.
He moved quietly to the edge of the forest and looked out from the bushes. Down the road to the west, he spied the back end of the caravan. Bodies lay strewn around the roadside. 
He stifled a reflex gag. This was no time for queasiness. The orcs were still there, scurrying in and out of the wagons. 
The bard turned away. Looking up the road to the east, he saw the lead wagons, including what was left of his own. More bodies. More orc bandits looting the remains of the caravan. 
The thieving scoundrels! They killed everyone. 
He was enraged. It took all of his restraint to keep from dashing out into the road and attacking the murderous fiends, but there were just too many of them. He might kill one or two if he was really lucky. He was no warrior. He was just a bard.
Reason took over as his anger cooled. The best thing he could do would be to make it back to civilization. Folks needed to be warned that there were orc bandits in these woods. Then they could send an army of warriors out here to rout the fiends, and he would come back with them. 
He would play magical tunes on his lute and encourage the warriors to roust the bandits and send them to their graves for what they had done. 
But first he needed to make it out of these woods alive. With the orcs to the east and west, he could not take the road. No, it would be better to head north and find his way out of the woods that way. 
He had studied geography and knew the area, at least on paper. There were hills north of here--the Vogels. He would make it to those hills and then follow them east to Ravenford. There he could report what had happened. 
His mind made up, the bard took one last look at the hapless caravan. Those poor souls. I will write a song to honor them someday. With that thought, he turned and backtracked into the forest.

After wandering around this gods forsaken forest for two hours, he was no closer to finding his way out. Sure he was an elf. His home town of Kai-Arborus was a city in the trees in the great forest of Ruanaiaith, after all. For all the good it did him. 
He was a city dweller. He had no tracking or survival skills. He was totally lost out here in the forest. 
As the bard continued plodding his way through the never ending underbrush and trees, he stepped out onto a wide dirt path. Finally! The first signs of civilization he had seen in hours. 
He began following the path, a spring back in his step. It was far easier going now that he was out of the brush. 
Another hour passed, and his resolve was beginning to waver when he caught sight of a parting in the trees ahead. With renewed vigor, he sprinted forward and reached the edge of the forest. 
I made it! He breathed a sigh of relief. 
In front of him, rising up in the night sky, were the shadows of a range of tall, rolling hills. The road wound a quarter mile ahead before reaching the hillside. 
As he stood there, he heard sounds coming from the trail behind him. Still unnerved from the night’s events, he ducked back into the woods, burying himself in a deep wood thicket. He peeked out and waited. 
Wagons were coming up the trail. The bard watched as they got closer, a bad feeling settling over him. His gut twisted as he got a good look at the drivers. 
They were orcs! These were the wagons from his caravan. He held his breath as they drove past, continuing to watch as they followed the path up to the hillside. One by one, each wagon disappeared. 
His curiosity got the better of him. He left the woods and crept through the grass, paralleling the dirt path. When he got within a hundred yards of the hillside, he saw it. 
There was a large cave entrance there. That was where the wagons had disappeared. 
Well, now he knew where the scoundrels’ hideout was. He had to get back to civilization and report this. Then he would be back with an army! 
These bandits’ days were numbered. With that last thought, the young elf turned and headed back toward the forest edge and then eastward.

An hour later, the weary bard was still moving eastward. His progress was slow as he sought camouflage from the woods while keeping the edge of the forest within sight. That second encounter with the orc bandits had spooked him, and he was not going to travel out in the open, even if it delayed his long journey. 
As he picked his way through the underbrush, he called up a mental image of the maps he had seen of this area. If he kept moving east, the Bendenwoods would eventually end and he would be able to find the road eastward toward Ravenford. 
It was probably still another day’s journey by foot, and he was already exhausted from having been up all night. Still, there was no hope for it. He had to let folks know what had happened out here.
“Strange night for a stroll in the woods.”
The startled elf nearly jumped out of his skin. He froze in his tracks and looked around for the source of the voice. His elven eyes finally fixed on a dark figure standing off to his right, well hidden by the forest’s vegetation. 
Whoever this was, they spoke the common tongue. Also the frame was not huge. It was man-sized, a bit taller than he, and perhaps a bit more muscular. This had to be a human.
“Who…who are you?” he finally managed the reply.
“Just a tracker,” came the nonchalant answer. “The more import question is who are you, my friend?”
The tone of that last statement was laced with distrust. This human was obviously the suspicious type. He could respect that. Trust no one was one of his own mottos. 
Whoever this human was, it was certain that he was not in league with the bandits. Humans and orcs were sworn enemies and only associated at the end of a sword. If the man was indeed a tracker, then running into him like this was a stroke of luck. 
The bard had always been lucky. Trusting in his own good fortune, he decided to confide in this shadowy figure, but only just a bit.
“I am a mere entertainer, separated from my caravan by chance misfortune,” he replied.
“Separated from your caravan, you say?” The figure moved closer. 
Starlight shone through the trees, and the bard got a look at the man’s face. He was dark haired with a slim face and a hawkish nose. He sported a mustache and a thin black beard. He also noted a bow and quiver across the man’s back as well as a sword hanging at his belt. The man’s one hand rested gently on the hilt.
“Indeed,” the bard replied, feeling a bit more comfortable now that he could see the man’s face. “We were attacked.”
“Attacked?” the man’s eyes narrowed. “By who?”
“Orcs,” he replied, flatly gauging the man’s reaction.
“Orcs?” the man said in clear disbelief. “But how could that be…” he trailed off, his right hand reaching up to stroke his beard. The man’s reaction was strange. It was almost as if he already knew about the orcs, yet was surprised they had attacked the caravan.
“Trust me, friend,” he said plainly, “we were all taken by surprise.”
The man looked at him sharply and moved closer. The bard noted his hand had dropped from his sword hilt. “Tell me,” the human said softly, “when did this attack happen?”
“Just after sunset. The caravan was running late, and we hadn’t quite made it out of the woods yet.”
“Just after sunset,” the man repeated slowly. “How many of them were there?”
“I’m not sure…” he responded his voice trailing off. He thought back to the assault and tried to count the attackers in his mind. “Probably about seven or eight,” he finally decided.
“We have to warn the others,” the man said decisively. 
“Others?” the bard asked curiously.
“The group I’m traveling with,” the man clarified. “Follow me, and I’ll explain along the way.”
The man turned and headed toward the edge of the woods.
The elf hesitated for a split second then took off after the man. “Wait!” he called in a semi-hushed voice. “What’s your name?”
“Brundon,” the man replied quietly, not slowing down in the slightest. “And yours?” he called back over his shoulder.
“Elladan.”

The sun was just cresting over the horizon when Brundon led Elladan up the slope toward the hillside. The tracker was very agile, and the exhausted bard was having a hard time keeping up with him, but somehow he managed. 
In the morning light, he could now clearly see the chain of rolling hills rising up in front of them. These were definitely the Vogels, Elladan realized, remembering their label from the map. 
He was not sure why the tracker was leading him this way, but he decided not to question the man. Then Elladan spotted the cave mouth looming up ahead of them at the base of the hill. That was the tracker’s destination. 
Elladan breathed a sigh of relief. Finally, a place to hide out in this accursed wilderness, even if it was a dank cave. 
As they drew up toward the cave’s entrance, Brundon stopped and scanned the countryside around them. Elladan followed his gaze but saw nothing. Looking satisfied, Brundon ushered him into the cave’s mouth. 
They had not taken two steps inside when a large figure loomed in front of them. Elladan was momentarily startled then realized this was another man. 
He was quite a big man, with a stocky frame and massive shoulders. The elf looked up into a strong chiseled face topped with flowing blonde hair. This human would have been a formidable sight had it not been for the huge grin across his face.
“Picking up strays, I see,” the large man said, eyeing Elladan critically.
“Very funny, Delgron,” Brundon replied, his voice laced with cynicism. “Actually, I found him wandering in the woods. Says his caravan was attacked by orcs last night.”
“How can that be?” Delgron asked, a look of clear surprise crossing his broad face. “I thought we had driven them off.”
“Obviously there’s more of them,” Brundon answered with that hint of sarcasm in his voice.
“More of whom?” came another voice from inside the cave.
Elladan peered around Delgron and saw a tall, thin figure moving toward them from inside the cave. He squinted, trying to make out the newcomer’s features in the darkness of the cave. The figure stepped into the morning light that was seeping through the cave’s entrance, and Elladan got the shock of his life. 
This was an elf! The lithe form and the pointed ears were unmistakable. The chances of running into another elf so far from home…. The bard stopped in mid-thought. This elf was way too tall. 
Elladan was one of the tallest elves back home, but this elf was a good 4 to 5 inches taller than even he. What’s more, he had pale blonde hair; in fact, it was so pale that it bordered on white. No elf he had ever met had hair that color. None but the oldest of elves that is. 
Elladan blinked and looked again. This elf was certainly not old. If he had to guess, he would say he was no more than 130, or maybe even 120. Just a bit older than he.
What kind of elf.… It hit him. This was a Galinthral elf, one of the subjects of the great elven King Galinthrae. But that was impossible! The Galinthral had disappeared with the legendary city of Cairthrellon over five hundred years ago. 
Since then, many had searched the Ruanaiaith where Cairthrellon was purported to have been. None had ever found it. Many searchers had not returned at all. 
Now, standing here in front of him, was clearly a Galinthral elf. There was no mistaking it. 
A less sophisticated elf would have been rendered speechless, but not Elladan. He was a consummate performer and not easily rattled. Without missing a beat, he bowed deeply.
“Elladan, of the House of Narmolanya,” he introduced himself. “Elen sila lumenn omentilmo,” he added in formal elven. In the common tongue, that roughly translated to a star shall shine on the hour of our meeting. It seemed rather appropriate given these extraordinary circumstances.
The Galinthral elf, a very serious look on his face, bowed in turn. 
“Glolindir Arshatheriat of the House of Eodin.” The other elf’s face lightened and he added, “Saesa omentien lle,” which meant a pleasure meeting you.
Brundon cleared his throat. “Ahem. Wizard Glolindir, our new friend Elladan here seems to have had a run in with more orcs last night.”
“More orcs?” came a high pitched voice from behind Glolindir. 
Three more figures appeared behind the tall elf. Two were very small, but the third was even taller that the elf. As they stepped into the light, Elladan saw that the smaller figures were a gnome and a halfling. 
The former was wearing white cleric robes with the symbol of a diamond across the chest. Copper hair tumbled over his face but did not completely cover his pointed gnomish ears. 
The latter, in stark contrast, was dressed all in black. He was not the stereotypical rotund little person, however. No, this halfling was quite lean with a thin face topped with jet black hair. 
Elladan then looked up at the tall figure accompanying them. He was startled. This was probably the largest man he had ever seen. 
Taller than Glo, he was nonetheless very muscular, though not as broad as Delgron. Gazing up at the man’s face, he saw youthful features, framed with tousled brown hair. 
“Elladan, this is Aksel, Lloyd, and Seth,” Brundon announced, pointing at the gnome, large man, and halfling. “Everyone, this is Elladan.”
The gnome, Aksel, replied with a very formal, “Welcome, good traveler.”
The halfling, Seth, just nodded and eyed him suspiciously.
Lloyd stepped forward past Glolindir and extended his hand, a big grin on the youthful face. “Pleased to meet you,” Lloyd said genuinely.
Elladan reached out and grasped the large hand, immediately regretting it. The young man’s grip was like iron! “Likewise,” Elladan managed, his hand going a bit numb. 
The big man finally released his hand, and Elladan pulled it back, rubbing it to try and get the feeling back in it. 
“So what was this about more orcs?” the gnome spoke up authoritatively. 
Elladan immediately recognized that tone. Aksel was the leader of this group. That was a surprise. He would have thought that Lloyd or possibly Glolindir would have been heading this eclectic party. 
The elven bard began telling them the story of the ill-fated caravan. As the tale unfolded, he kept a sharp eye on his audience. From their reactions, it was soon obvious that they were genuinely concerned about the fate of the caravan. 
Well, most of them that is; Seth was extremely hard to read. This one plays his cards close to the vest. Even the tracker, Brundon, was not as hardened as the little halfling. Oh, he pretended to be callous, but Elladan caught a glimpse of moisture in his eyes as he described the massacre of the wagoneers. 
Lloyd and Delgron were the exact opposite. These two wore their hearts on their sleeves. Both men were mortified by the accounts of the slain men and women of the caravan, and Delgron openly wept at the tragedy.
When Elladan was done, Aksel spoke first. “That was quite some story.”
“If you believe any of it,” Seth added his voice laced with cynicism.
Elladan could not help smiling. “I do not blame you, friend. You do not know me, and it is usually my own policy to trust no one. However, these are unusual circumstances. And it is times like these that force us to look beyond our normal distrust of one another and band together to face a common foe.” 
Elladan briefly paused, gauging his audience. He definitely had their attention. His voice rose a bit as he continued speaking, “These orcs killed everyone in my caravan and made off with their wagons. They must be hunted down and made to pay for their crimes!”
The young man, Lloyd, jumped up from his seat and cried, “I vow to you that these orcs will pay.”
“As do I!” the stocky Delgron declared as he too leapt from his seat. 
“Shhhh,” Seth hissed. “You idiots!” he continued in a semi-hushed voice. “Why don’t you just warn them we are coming?”
“What do you mean?” Elladan asked, puzzled by the unexpected reaction.
“We followed an orc to this cave,” Aksel explained to the perplexed elf. “He never came back out, so there must be another exit in here.”
“There’s an open well in the back of the cave,” Glolindir added to what Aksel had already told him. “It most likely is connected to the orc’s lair. So it would be best to refrain from loud noises.”
“Sorry, I had no idea,” Elladan apologized, unsettled that he had gotten so loud.
“It’s not your fault,” Aksel replied sympathetically.
“But some folks should know better,” Seth declared, staring at Lloyd and Delgron.
The two warriors looked around at everyone.
“Sorry,” Lloyd said, his voice very low.
“Me, too,” Delgron added quietly.
The group was silent for a moment, and then the elven wizard, Glolindir, began to speak. 
“Your story, good bard, is quite plausible. The orc we were chasing made it up to the cave just around sunset. If there is an entrance to their base from here like we think, then he could have alerted the other bandits in time to gather a second party. They could have rushed back down to the road in time to still ambush the caravan. Especially if you were running late as you said.”
“Well, I for one am interested in this other cave you mentioned,” Aksel stated, his hand holding his chin as he contemplated the possibility. “Brundon, would you mind checking it out?”
“Sure,” he responded. “Right after a bit of breakfast.”
Elladan’s stomach chose that moment to growl audibly. He put his hand over his abdomen and smiled wanly.
“I think you’re not the only one who’s hungry,” Lloyd noted, a broad grin sprouting across his youthful features.
 “Very good then,” Aksel affirmed and then turning toward him said, “Elladan, would you care to join us for breakfast? When we are done, we can discuss our next steps.”
“I would be most delighted!” Elladan declared emphatically. 
As the group turned to reenter the cave, Elladan glanced briefly at each one of them. This was indeed a strange group he had happened upon. He had never heard of such a mixture of the races coming together like this in recent times. It was almost like some kind of omen. 
Elladan, Elladan, he admonished himself, I think you’ve been listening to too many of your own stories. The bard smiled as he hurried into the cave after the others. 

Down the Well
You know, you should never turn your back on a wizard.
.

As the companions prepared breakfast, the events of the previous evening played through Glo’s mind. While they were healing from the battle with the troll, Seth had gone to investigate the creature’s cave. When the halfling returned, he reported that the cave was empty. There was no sign of the orc priest that they had followed there. 
When Aksel suggested that they camp in the troll’s cave, everyone initially balked. Trolls ate everything and anything. Worse, they left the carcasses lying around in their caves, and according to Seth, this troll was no exception. Aksel argued that it was far safer than camping out in the open. In the end, the gnome won out. 
Glo involuntarily shuddered as he remembered what he had seen on first entering the cave, but the companions proved to be resilient. The cave floor was sandy, and they dug out a trench along the back and buried the remains they found there. 
They started a fire and cooked a stew. Between the light and the smell of dinner, the cave appeared much less forbidding. Any residual unpleasant odors were soon masked. Seth had been correct. There was no sign of the orc priest. 
The cave dead ended about 30 yards back. That was where they had found the well. There had been no rope, and it was impossible to see the bottom. Still, it was the only place the orc could have gone. Everyone was tired from their grueling day so they decided to explore farther first thing in the morning.
Brundon went to scout out the surrounding area while the rest of the party set a watch and bedded down for the night. According to Delgron, the tracker could go for days without sleep. 
Exhausted from the day’s exertions, the party rested peacefully despite their strange surroundings. They had only woke a few moments ago, roused by the return of Brundon with the elven bard, Elladan. 
Glo glanced over at the other elf. Had he not seen the lute hanging over Elladan’s right shoulder, he would have still guessed he was a bard. The bright outfit he wore was a dead giveaway. 
Elladan was dressed almost completely in white; he had a white tabard over a white coat with spangled trim that was open at the bottom, a white shirt, and white trousers. The only non-white parts of his outfit were the brown leather boots he wore, the brown gloves with the fingers cut open, and a green cloak that hung over his shoulders. There was also a sword hanging in a brown scabbard at his left side. 
Elladan himself was not very tall by human standards. The top of his head barely reached Glo’s nose. He was also quite young. Glo guessed him to be somewhere between 100 and 110 years old, just a bit younger than he was. 
Elladan also appeared to be quite the charmer. He was decidedly handsome with his thick, black hair, dark soulful eyes, high cheekbones, and prominent chin. He also had a way with words that was more befitting a high-ranking town official or a nobleman. 
Glo was briefly reminded of the Lady Gracelynn of Ravenford and how skilled she was at the art of diplomacy. Elladan definitely exhibited similar abilities. 
His curiosity getting the better of him, Glo went to join the young elf. Elladan was standing over the fire, helping to prepare the morning’s meal. It looked like he had some skill in cooking as well.
“Elladan, how long have you been a bard?” Glo asked him curiously
Elladan paused in his cooking and pursed his lips. “Hmmm…let me see. It’s been a couple of decades now. I actually am quite well renowned in parts west of here. You may have heard of me.” 
The bard looked around quizzically at the group, but everyone shook their heads back and forth. 
“No?” Elladan asked, a momentary frown crossing his face. Then he brightened and declared jubilantly “Well, no matter. I am going to be one of the most famous bards in all of Thac one day, and you will be able to say you knew me when I was just starting out.” 
He flashed a brilliant smile at the companions then went back to cooking breakfast. 
After what turned out to be the best meal they had eaten since setting out on this journey, everyone except Brundon and Delgron gathered around to discuss their plans. The tracker left to search out the cave Elladan had found the previous night, and Delgron resumed his guard duty at the mouth of the cave. 
Aksel began by recapping the goals of their mission. 
“We’ve been sent out here by the Baron of Ravenford to track down and stop the orc bandits that have been attacking caravans in the forest. Until last week, no wagon train had made it through to Ravenford in over two months.”
Elladan whistled low. “I had no idea.”
Aksel continued with the story. “The last caravan before yours came through about five days ago. But Glo, Seth, and I were traveling on that train when it was attacked. And lucky for all of us, Lloyd happened along. There were twenty orcs during that raid, and one was huge.”
“Twenty!” Elladan cried clearly surprised. “We were attacked by only seven or eight at most.” 
The bard began re-counting it out on his fingers to be sure. 
As he did so, Glo told him, “We routed another group of them yesterday as they waited in ambush by the road. There were only seven of them. I suspect their numbers are dwindling fast.”
“And…we let one escape with the idea that we would follow him back to their hideout,” Aksel finished.
Elladan nodded approvingly. “A sound strategy.”
“Yeah, sure, until I got ambushed by that troll,” Seth cast an evil look at Aksel.
“A troll?” Elladan asked, stopping his counting and cocking an eyebrow.
“A full grown mountain troll.” Glo took up the story as Aksel and Seth glared at each other. “We have some very talented folks with us, and we were able to defeat the monster.”
“A full grown mountain troll?” Elladan repeated slowly, a clear look of disbelief crossing his face. “And all of you survived?”
“Trust me, we had our share of bumps and bruises,” Aksel broke away from his staring contest with Seth. “Or, I should say Lloyd did.”
“Yeah, that troll really didn’t like you very much,” Seth chimed in.
“The feeling was mutual,” Lloyd declared, swiveling his shoulders back and forth, stretching as if the discussion brought back the memories of how sore he had been.
“You indeed must be a force to be reckoned with!” Elladan declared, his expression shifting from one of disbelief to one of awe.
“Be that as it may,” Aksel glossed over the compliment, “we had followed the orc to this cave. It was the very cave the troll was living in.”
“Very clever,” Elladan nodded thoughtfully. “They must have been using the troll to guard the cave.”
“That’s what we thought,” Glo agreed, “clever and yet extremely dangerous.”
“Indeed,” Aksel agreed as well. “Anyway, there was no sign of the orc once we got in here. And the only other exit is a well in the back of the cave. So either he went down there…”
“Or the troll ate him,” Seth cut in glibly.
There were a few snorts and chuckles around the fire, but Elladan laughed. “The troll ate him,” the bard cried softly. “Good one!”
Elladan continued to chuckle a bit longer then finally settled down. When he was done, Aksel continued with the story. 
“But as you might have already guessed, after the troll battle, we were in no condition to continue our orc hunt. So we spent the night resting here.”
Lloyd, silent during this entire exchange, spoke up for the first time. “I just wish we had kept going. If we hadn’t stopped, maybe your fellow wagoneers would still be alive.”
Everyone went silent after the young man’s declaration. Glo noted the angry expression on the warrior’s face. It was clearly eating him up inside that more folks had died at the hands of these bandits. 
Glo turned to look at Elladan. The bard was clearly moved by the young man’s words; his face filled with emotion, and a tear glistened in the bard’s one eye. When Elladan finally spoke, his voice was thick with emotion. 
“That’s very noble of you…but I can only imagine what it must have taken to defeat a full grown troll. That is no small feat, and I don’t doubt that you needed to recover after such a battle.” 
The bard paused for a moment, obviously collecting himself. 
“I, too, am sorry that I could not do more to help my fellow travelers. Would it have been in my power to save them, I most certainly would have tried. Alas, I am neither a warrior nor a wizard. I am merely a bard.” Elladan paused a moment, sniffing back the tears, and then continued, his voice rising sharply.
“But fortune has indeed smiled on me this day, for I have met all of you.” The bard’s hands fanned out to include all of those seated there. 
“It is your quest to wreak vengeance on the foul fiends that killed my companions. And if you would allow me, I would be honored to join such an endeavor. Aside from being an entertainer,” the bard said while unslinging his lute, “I know a few spells and songs that can be pretty useful in a battle.” 
He strummed a chord to emphasize his last statement.
Glo was deeply moved by the passion of this young elf. Elladan was obviously upset by his failure to help his fellow travelers and was quite willing to put himself in harm’s way to avenge them. It was becoming apparent that this Elladan was no mere flashy entertainer. There was substance to this young elf. 
Glo smiled as he gazed around at the others. The rest of the party were quite taken with the bard’s zeal as well, each nodding his approval of Elladan accompanying their little group. All except for Seth that is; the halfling acted indifferent to the whole thing and just shrugged when Aksel looked at him. 
 Aksel looked back at Elladan after he finished his silent poll, “Well then, it looks like you will be coming with us after all.”
“Thank you,” Elladan replied earnestly. “I promise you, you will not regret it.”
“We better not,” Seth interrupted curtly. “Now, can we finally get down to business? I need to get down that well.”
“Do you want to climb down, or should we just have Lloyd here drop you on your head?” Glo countered. He was rather annoyed at the halfling’s harsh treatment of the earnest young bard.
Seth glared darkly back at the wizard. “A rope would be fine, thank you.”
“Okay then,” Aksel interrupted before anything more could be said, “while Seth checks out the bottom of the well, the rest of us should gear up. Based on his and Brundon’s findings, we’ll decide how to proceed.”
With their meeting finished, Seth, Lloyd, and Aksel headed toward the back of the cave. As Glo moved to follow them, Elladan stopped him. 
“Testy little fellow there, isn’t he?” the bard whispered.
Glo chuckled. “You have to get to know Seth. He’s a bit gruff, but his heart is in the right place. On our last job, he saved everyone’s life.”
“Really?” Elladan replied, his expression showing his clear surprise. “That must have been quite some adventure. I’d love to hear the story sometime.”
“Oh, it was,” Glo agreed. “Perhaps when this is all over we can exchange stories. But for now,” he said holding up his spellbook, “I have some brushing up I must do.”
“And I have a lute to tune,” Elladan replied jovially. “As you say, we will talk more another time.” 
With that, the bard sat on a nearby rock, took out his instrument, and began tuning the strings.
What an interesting character, Glo thought. He could go from deadly serious to absolutely cheerful at the drop of a hat. He smiled briefly then turned his attention to the spells he needed to refresh in his mind for the day.

There's a light down here. Seth dangled upside down on a rope that hung from the ceiling of an underground cavern. They had secured the line to a large rock in the cave above, and the halfling climbed down the rope to the bottom of the well some fifty feet below. 
He was now suspended above the ground in a rocky circular cavern at the bottom of the well. Seth expected it to be pitch black down here, but there was a large crack in the wall at one end that allowed light to stream through. Seth dropped down and landed catlike on the cavern floor. 
He stayed completely still for a few moments, making sure that no one had detected the slight noise he made when landing. He crept over to the fissure in the wall. The crack was vaguely triangle-shaped, a yard wide at the base and winding over twice as high up the side of the cavern where it ended. It was not exactly a roomy hole, but a large orc, or human, could fit through. 
Seth flattened himself against the wall and listened. There was the faint sound of voices coming through the crack. The halfling touched his cloak and whispered the word invisibilitate. Instantly, Seth disappeared from sight. 
He pushed off the wall and entered the fissure. He crept through ten feet of craggy dark rock before emerging into a wide tunnel beyond. The passageway was rather wide and tall enough for even Lloyd to stand up comfortably in. 
The rock here was lighter in color than that at the bottom of the well, and the floor of the passage was composed of packed dirt with large rocks jutting out of the ground here and there. It was most definitely a natural structure, fading away into the interior of the mountain beyond. 
However, someone was living down here. There was a lit torch fastened to the wall a few yards down the tunnel just before the passage wound out of sight. 
Seth could hear voices drifting up from around that corner. It was orcish. He had not told the others, but he actually knew the language. It was a side product of his upbringing and was a fact that he did not like to dwell on.
Seth continued down the passageway and looked around the bend. Two orcs leaned lazily against the tunnel wall. One was right around the corner, only a few feet from Seth, while the other was a few yards farther down the passage. 
They both carried those wicked curved swords, but the weapons were sheathed at their sides. They were grunting at each other in their guttural tongue, not paying much attention to their surroundings. 
That clinched it; he had definitely found the orcs' lair. The troll cave was the back entrance. Though there were a couple of sentries here, the orcs did not expect anyone to get past the brutish creature that lived in the cave above. 
The other cave that the elf Elladan found was probably the main entrance. If that was true, it would be watched far more closely than this one, Seth reasoned. This was most likely their best ticket in. They would just need to handle the two sentries quietly. 
He had seen enough. It was time to go back and tell the others. Then they could plan out their assault. Back up the tunnel he crept. 
As he went, his mind drifted back to this new elf, Elladan. He seemed genuine enough, although a bit brash. Could this new elf be trusted? Seth was not exactly the trusting type. Almost everyone he knew back home had some kind of angle. He had seen far too much greed and deceitfulness in his short life. More often than not, it led to someone getting hurt or even killed. 
That is why when Seth first met Glo, he was taken by surprise. He thought the elf had some hidden agenda but wasn't quite sure what it was. He had never met someone so selfless and idealistic before. 
Normally Seth would think someone like that a fool, but Glo was far too intelligent for that. No, the elf was quite aware that not everyone in the world was genuine. Yet he still cared about people in general, a concept Seth didn't quite agree with. Still, it was probably the main reason he actually respected the wizard. 
Meeting Aksel and Lloyd completely upset the halfling's view of the world. Seth thought Glo was one of kind, but the gnome and the big human proved him wrong. These two turned out to be as idealistic as the elven wizard. 
Like Glo, Aksel was no fool. Nor was Lloyd really, although the warrior was not a genius like the other two. Still, the human was also quite genuine, and Seth came to like him in the last couple of weeks. But he would never admit it to Lloyd’s face.
Seth reached the fissure and entered the dim cavern beyond. As he navigated the rocky floor to stand beneath the well opening, he determined that he would keep a close eye on Elladan. 
If he was who he claimed to be, then he might indeed be an asset to them with this job. If there was the slightest hint that he was deceiving them, Seth would deal with the fraud swiftly. 
With that last thought, he leapt upward and caught the bottom of the rope hanging from the ceiling. He then shimmied back up the rope to report to his companions waiting for him in the cave above.

“You found them? Are you certain?” Aksel asked anxiously. 
“No. I’ve never seen an orc before,” Seth replied, his tone dripping with sarcasm.
Aksel sighed. "You know what I meant..."
"Um, yeah...well...as I was saying," Seth began, "there were two sentries, although they did look more like they were sleeping than standing guard.” 
“Then we have found them!” Lloyd cried, jumping up, his hands going to his sword hilts.
“Yes, yes” Aksel replied, holding up his hand and waving Lloyd to sit back down, “but we still have no idea of how many are down there.”
“But we do have the element of surprise,” Lloyd pointed out, not allowing Aksel to quell his enthusiasm. “They are not expecting us to come down through the troll cave. So all we need to do is quietly take out the guards,” he finished folding his hands across his chest with a triumphant look on his face.
Impressive. The warrior was definitely picking up on strategy. Glo exchanged a glance with Aksel who nodded approvingly. Even Seth looked impressed with the Lloyd’s logic.
“That is an excellent point,” Aksel conceded. “However, before we make a move, I’d like to hear what Brundon has found at the main entrance. Then we can formulate a plan of attack. In the meantime, let’s prepare for battle.” 
Everyone agreed and went back to preparing for the upcoming assault.

“I found the cave,” Brundon said as the others all gathered around. “There was a trail, just like Elladan said, leading from the forest directly up to the mountainside. There were numerous tracks along that trail, all of the two legged variety amongst the wagons.”
“See, I told you,” Elladan declared triumphantly, glancing around at the group of adventurers.
Brundon paused a moment after the bard’s interruption then continued on with his story. 
“Anyway, as I was saying…the cave opening is fairly large, easily big enough for wagons to enter. From what I could see from the outside, it looks like the cavern goes fairly deep back into the mountain. But it was also quite dark. If there are any sentries in there, they would probably see us way before we would see them.”
“Ahem, ahem,” Seth coughed.
Brundon paused a moment, looked over at the halfling, and smirked. “Well…most of us anyway,” 
“Thank you, Brundon,” Aksel nodded. “Thoughts anyone?”
Glo mulled over all that Brundon had related to them. Something did not seem right about it to him. 
He said, “It seems that they are not going to any trouble to hide the main entrance. Either they are extremely stupid, or…”
“They are expecting to be followed and have traps setup that way,” Seth finished for him.
Aksel thought it over for a few moments then nodded his head in agreement. “That makes sense. I guess the well is our best bet then.”
“I’ll follow you guys wherever you need me,” Elladan added, his voice filled with conviction.
 “Then it’s settled,” Aksel looked at each of them individually. His gaze settled on the tracker last. “Brundon, can you wait up here and keep watch?”
“Will do,” Brundon agreed, obviously relieved that he did not have to join them in the confined tunnels below.

Seth went down the rope first. He landed in the small cavern at the bottom and stood watch by the crack in the wall. As he kept an eye out for the orc guards, he heard a soft crunching sound behind him. 
Lloyd had just dropped from the ceiling and was crouched down in the center of the cave below the well. The spiritblade stood still for a moment as they both listened to see if they had been heard. All was quiet on the other side of the fissure in the wall. 
Seth motioned for Lloyd to follow him. The warrior drew his blades and held them in his hands to minimize the noise they might make on his back. Slowly, the two began to move forward through the fissure and down to the curve in the tunnel ahead. 
Just before they reached the turn, Seth halted and held up his hand. He no longer heard the orcs talking and was wondering what had happened. He paused for a few more seconds then heard a strange sucking/rasping sound. It was snoring!
Seth almost laughed but caught himself just in time. This was going to be far easier than they had anticipated. Seth peeked around the corner. The closer orc was leaning against the wall with his head drooping downward. He gazed down the hall and saw the other orc was doing the same. 
The halfling pulled back and turned to Lloyd. After a quick exchange via hand signs, Seth crept around the curve. As he passed the first guard, he peered under the helmet and confirmed the guard’s eyes were closed. 
Seth continued on until he was next to the second guard. This one’s eyes were also closed. The halfling maneuvered himself past the far guard then turned to look down the hall. Lloyd was standing ready at the curve in the tunnel. 
At Seth’s signal, Lloyd stepped forward and launched himself at the guard. The orc, taken completely by surprise, went down in seconds. As expected, the noise woke the other guard, but the orc was disoriented at first. Seth took advantage of that fact. He tapped the guard on the back, and it swung around to confront him, slashing at the halfling with its sword.
“Nice day,” Seth said in perfect orcish while dodging the attack. “Got any plans other than dying?”
The creature gasped and fell down on its knees. It dropped its weapons and clutched feebly at its back, but it was too late. The orc teetered there for a few seconds then keeled over on its face and lay still. 
Lloyd stood over the dead guard and pulled his sword out of its back. The attack was so quick and deadly that neither guard had the chance to raise the alarm. Just to be safe, Lloyd stayed in the tunnel to keep watch while Seth went back to the well. 
When the halfling reached the well, he gave the rope three tugs. Soon after, Glo, Aksel, Elladan, and finally Delgron climbed down to join him.
“Gather around everyone,” Elladan whispered. “I have a soft tune here which will boost your courage for the next few minutes or so.”
“Seriously?” Seth hissed, staring at the bard in disbelief.
“I can play very quietly when necessary,” Elladan replied unperturbed. He strummed a note or two, showing that the sound was a little more than a whisper.
“Very well,” Aksel decided. “Do it.”
Seth scowled, but the bard went ahead and played his song. When he was done, Seth did notice a lifting of his spirits, but he was not about to admit that out loud.
“Done,” Elladan whispered as he put away his lute.
“Then let’s move out,” Aksel told the company.
They moved out into the hall single file with Seth leading the way. The tunnel went 50 yards further before opening into a large cavern. Seth noted movement in the cave ahead and held his hand up for the others to halt. When he was sure they had stopped, he turned invisible and went on ahead. 
As he stepped out into the cavern, the first thing that hit him was the smell. The overpowering odor of orc surrounded him on all sides, and he clasped his hand over his nose for a moment. 
As he stood there, the halfling looked around the cave. There were orcs everywhere, dozens of them. The entire cavern was filled with them. Some were sitting around fires, others were walking about the camp, and yet others appeared to be sleeping. There were makeshift cots all over the cave from what the halfling could see. 
As his nose adjusted, he moved forward through the camp. He noticed something strange about these orcs. They were all either women or children! 
This must be their base camp. Seth continued to scour the room until he had checked out every last orc. He had to amend his initial assessment. Four of the orcs were adult males. 
Two of them appeared to be warriors and had swords strapped to their belts. The other two were sitting around a fire and had staffs leaning against the cave wall next to them. 
As he listened to their conversation, Seth got the impression that the one orc was the priest that ran away from them in the woods. His suspicions were confirmed when the other orc teased him about being lucky to get through the troll cave alive. 
Seth had heard enough. He snuck back to the others and filled them in on what he had found.
“It would be best if we don’t harm the women and children,” Aksel declared, a concerned look on his face.
“What if we draw the warriors to us?” Lloyd suggested pointing toward himself and Delgron.
Aksel cocked his head as he thought about it for a moment. He looked at Lloyd and agreed, “That might just work.”
“If you give me a few minutes head start, I can get back to where those two priests are,” Seth added with a wicked grin on his face. “I should be able to keep them occupied for a bit.”
“I could probably help you with that, too,” Glo added as well. “My projectiles hone in only on the specific target," he said, pointing his fingers and making a weaving motion in the air. "No one else would be hurt.”
After a bit more discussion, they agreed on that general strategy. Three minutes later, Seth was in position. After five minutes, Lloyd and Delgron stepped into the hall. 
“Hey, ugly!” Lloyd cried out, his deep voice echoing through the large cavern. 
Not his most original line, but it was quite effective. The two orcs with swords saw the men, got up, and rushed them. 
Meanwhile, the two priests, hearing the sounds, turned around. Upon seeing the two human warriors, they began to rise and reach for their staffs. 
The one priest never made it. Seth was behind the orc and stabbed it quietly with his venom knife. The orc collapsed almost immediately. The second priest had recovered his staff and was raising it up when he noticed his companion fall to the ground. Turning, the orc saw Seth standing there quietly. 
“You know, you should never turn your back on a wizard,” Seth said in orcish.
The priest paused and looked at him quizzically. 
At that same moment, Seth caught a glimpse of two purple blurs winding through the air just before they slammed into the orc’s back. The priest convulsed twice as the projectiles connected with the familiar concussive force. The orc was momentarily stunned, giving Seth the opportunity to extract his knife from the dead priest at his feet. 
Quick as he was, the orc was quicker. Seth saw the creature pass just out of his reach and flee across the cavern in the opposite direction from where they had come in. It reached the other side of the cave and disappeared down another tunnel. The orc had been screaming the entire way. 
Seth could not help himself. He knew he should give chase but instead fell down and rolled on the floor in fits of laughter. 
The rest of the occupants of the cavern, some twenty-odd orc woman and children cowered away from the group of adventurers. They drew back against the cavern walls and tried to stay as far away from the band as possible. 
“Lloyd. Seth. Chase after him!” Aksel called out to the duo. Then he turned to Glo. “Can you speak to these folks?”
“Sure,” Glo nodded. "What would you like me to tell them?"
“Tell them...we will not harm them as long as they don’t give us any trouble. Tell them...to sit down against the wall and be still.”
Glo turned to the orc families and relayed Aksel’s message. 
“Sit down,” he said in fairly good orcish, “and you will not be harmed.”
At first they just stood there, but then one elderly woman in front nodded. Glo spoke to the woman, “Are you an elder of this tribe?”
“I am,” she replied, holding her head up proudly.
“We have no quarrel with you,” he told her trying to sound as sincere as possible in the strange language. “Only with your priest. Sit down, and we will not harm you.”
The elder orc stared at him unmoving for a few moments, then she turned and motioned for everyone to sit down. All the orcs obeyed her without question. Then she spun around and sat down as well.
“Thank you,” Glo told her, relieved that she had listened. He turned around to see Aksel staring at him with his hands folded together in front of him. The little cleric then smiled briefly and said simply, "Nice work." 
“So what do we do now?” Elladan asked, staring around the large cavern curiously. 
“Now…we wait,” Aksel replied, sitting down on the rock behind him directly facing the captive orcs. 
“Very well,” the bard said, accepting Aksel's word without question. He found his own rock nearby, sat down, took his lute off his shoulder and began to tune it. As he did so, the orcs looked on in amazement.
“I guess orcs don’t know much about music,” Elladan said with surprise. He began to play a quiet song. The orc women and children grew totally still and listened to the bard’s song until Seth and Lloyd reappeared. 
“He got away,” Seth reported, his face and voice clearly showing his frustration. “The tunnel splits in a couple of different directions a few hundred yards down, and there were too many orc footprints to track which way he went.”
Glo turned to look at the women and children. They were all still quietly listening to Elladan play. “So what do we do with them?” Glo whispered to Aksel. “We can’t just sit here all day and babysit these orcs.”
“No worries,” Elladan called over. The bard’s tune changed subtlely and took on a soothing tone. As the rest of them looked on, the orcs began to yawn and fall asleep one by one. Within a few minutes, every orc woman and child were fast asleep.
“There,” Elladan said confidently, rising and slinging his lute back over his shoulder, “problem solved.”
“That does come in rather handy,” Glo acknowledged, impressed with the bard's performance.
“Hey, I found another tunnel,” Seth's voice rang out in a semi-hushed tone. Glo turned and saw the halfling in the far corner of the large cavern. 
“Delgron, stay here and keep an eye on the orcs,” Aksel told the large warrior. “The rest of you come with me.”
They crossed the cavern and joined Seth in front of a thick canvas that was draped on the stone cave wall. Moving it aside, they saw that there was indeed another hidden tunnel. A dark corridor met them.
Aksel turned to look up at Glo. “A little light please?”
“Yeah, I seem to have misplaced my torch,” Seth added.
They all began to chuckle with the exception of Elladan.
“Did I miss something?” the bard whispered to Glo.
“Long story. I’ll tell you later,” Glo replied, still laughing softly. 
The wizard cast a quick spell, and the end of his staff illuminated what turned out to be a short tunnel. The corridor only went a dozen yards, and they could see an opening beyond. 
Seth entered first, leading a short distance ahead of the others. They had made it almost to the end of the tunnel and could see a small cavern ahead with what looked like an altar at the other end. Then Seth stopped and held up his hand. 
“Hold it. There is something funny about the ground here.” The halfling got down on his hands and knees and searched the floor of the cave. He moved something on the floor then turned and said, “Bring that light over here.” 
Glo stepped forward and raised his staff. There in front of Seth was a pit filled with spears pointing up out of the ground. It had been covered with a tarp, which the halfling had pushed aside.
“Now that would have hurt,” Elladan declared emphatically.
“So how do we get across?” Aksel asked, a puzzled expression on his face.
“There were some boards back in the main cavern,” Seth answered as he bent down and looked over the gap. “I think this pit is no more than 10 feet across. Those boards are probably long enough to lay across it.” 
Lloyd and Glo went back to get the boards, the latter leaving his staff to light up the tunnel. Three boards were laid across the pit, and the party crossed over into the smaller chamber. There was indeed an altar there. There was a large, copper idol on it with one eye. 
Lloyd surveyed the idol then turned to Glo and asked, “Is that Krieg?”
“Yes,” Glo replied with amusement. It was obvious that the young man was sizing up the god of the orcs as he would any opponent.
Lloyd looked back at the idol for a few more moments than stated, “He doesn’t look so tough to me.”
“Well…” Glo replied, trying his best to suppress a smile, “the real Krieg is about 12 feet tall and weighs over 500 pounds.”
Lloyd’s eyes widened for a moment then a broad smiled crossed his face. “Now that’s more like it.”
Before Glo could reply, Seth called out from behind the altar. “There’s a chest back here!”
The others filed around and stood behind the halfling as he searched the box for traps, but Seth found none. He unlocked the chest and lifted the lid. 
Glo’s eyes widened as he peeked over Seth’s shoulder. The chest was filled to the top with a mixture of gold and copper coins. 
Seth began emptying the chest of its contents and counting it. Lloyd and Aksel gave him a hand while Glo and Elladan stood back and watched. It only took a few minutes. When they were done, they had totaled 500 gold pieces and the same amount of copper. They took the coins and distributed it among pouches that they each carried. 
The group of adventurers returned to the main cavern. The orcs were still asleep.
“Have you given any thought to what are we going to do with them when they wake up?” Glo asked Aksel.
The little cleric was silent for a moment then shook his head. "Not really."
“I may have an idea,” Elladan said speculatively, “if I can have all of those copper pieces.”
“Sure,” Aksel replied with a curious expression.
“Glo, come translate for me,” Elladan told his elvish companion. Glo raised an eyebrow but followed the other elf over to the sleeping orcs. Elladan singled out the elder woman who spoke for the tribe before, bent down, and gently shook her. 
She jumped up with a start, but Glo reassured her. “It is alright elder,” he said in orcish. “We only wish to speak with you.”
The elder orc stared at him suspiciously for a moment then slowly nodded her head in understanding.
“Tell her that we would like to make them a deal,” Elladan told him. 
Glo translated.
The female orc looked at them, still suspicious. She finally replied, “What kind of deal?”
Glo relayed this to Elladan.
“Tell her they can have all this money,” Elladan dropped all the copper pieces on the ground in front of him, “if they pack up and leave these caves and never come back.”
Interesting idea. Glo translated as the elder orc sat there eying the money. After she heard the offer, her eyes widened. She was silent for a few moments then replied uncertainly, “All that money and all we have to do is leave?”
Glo did his best to keep a straight face as he told Elladan.
The corners of the bard's mouth upturned slightly as he replied, “Tell her they can take all of their belongings with them, too.”
Very clever. Glo interpreted one more time.
The orc woman shook her head emphatically and said a single word, “Deal.”
Glo turned to Elladan, nodded his head in admiration, and said, "It's a deal!" 
The bard flashed Glo a pearly white smile then bent down and picked up some of the coins off the ground, offering them to the orc woman. She grabbed a nearby pot and had him dump them in it. Then she crept forward and picked up the rest of coins herself. 
When she was done, the old orc got up, taking her pot with her, and roused all the other sleeping orcs. They talked amongst themselves for a couple of minutes and then they all got up and started packing. The companions stood back and watched warily, but soon all of the orcs were packed and had filed out of the cavern in the direction the orc priest had gone.
“Let’s follow them,” Aksel told the others as the last of the orcs was exiting the cavern.
The party kept pace a short distance behind the orcs. They passed the original split off where Seth and Lloyd lost the priest and continued west. They went a few hundred yards beyond and came to a cross tunnel heading north and south. 
They turned south and followed a passage, which began to slope upward. It led out of the cave. The forest was a few hundred yards beyond.
“This is the other cave I told you about,” Elladan explained to the others.
“So they are all linked together,” Glo noted as he gazed out at the forest and then back the way they had just come.
“Well, that's just wonderful," Seth noted in his characteristically cynical tone, "but we still need to find that orc priest."
“And there should still be one or two more orc warriors about by my count,” Glo added ignoring Seth's gibe.
“Well then, let's go back inside,” Aksel told the company of adventurers. “We'll start at the spot where you lost the priest. Now that we are all together, we'll explore those other tunnels." He turned to Seth. "Care to lead the way?”
“Sure,” Seth replied with mock enthusiasm. Without another word, the halfling turned and headed back into the former orc cave.


Lost in the Caves
A demon lord is an entirely different matter.

The party retraced their steps until they were back at the intersection where they had lost the orc priest’s trail. Two tunnels split off from the main one. The first side tunnel headed northwest, and the second one headed northeast. 
As Glo peered down each passageway, he could see no sign of light. They were both pitch dark, even to his keen eyesight.
“So which way do we go?” Glo asked uncertainly.
No one spoke up at first. Seth finally broke the silence. “I think we should try the northwest tunnel first.”
“Any particular reason?” Glo appeared curious as to how the halfling had reached that decision.
Seth shrugged his shoulders. “Call it…a hunch.”
Glo raised an eyebrow.
“Good enough for me,” Aksel declared.
The companions slowly followed the passage. Seth took the lead while the others stayed back a respectable distance. In the dim torch light, they saw the ground ahead sloped downward, marking their descent farther underground. After a few minutes, the passageway turned to the north before it leveled off. 
Glo noted a damp smell in the air and looked at the tunnel walls. He could indeed see moisture on them. They continued along until they caught up with Seth. The halfling had stopped and was waiting for them. 
“What is it now?” Aksel whispered.
“Another pit trap,” Seth replied, nodding toward the tunnel ahead.
Sure enough, stretched across the entire tunnel was another pit trap. It looked exactly like the one they had seen in the chamber next to the orc encampment, spears and all. This time there were no wood planks nearby to lay across the hole. Glo considered their options for a moment. He did not see an immediate answer.
“We could go back to the main cavern and bring those boards down here,” he offered.
Aksel considered the option for a moment then shook his head. 
“No, that would take too much time. We have been wandering around down here for a few hours now, and the day is probably more than halfway over already.”
Glo realized that Aksel was right. By his estimate, it was a bit after noon. 
There was a sudden gurgling noise that made them all jump, all except for Lloyd that is. 
“Sorry,” the big man said grinning. “Guess I’m hungry.”
“Well that confirms our time estimate,” Seth announced in a mock serious tone. “Lloyd’s stomach is never wrong.”
“Well then,” Aksel completely ignored Seth, “we better get a move on.”
“I can jump the pit,” Lloyd offered as a potential solution.
“So can I,” Seth added, not to be outdone by the tall warrior.
“Well...if you’re both sure,” Aksel looked at both of them speculatively.
"Absolutely", they replied in unison. The duo glanced at each other appraisingly as if this were some kind of competition.
“Okay then,” Aksel finally agreed. He looked at Seth and said, “You go first.”
"Ha!" Seth cried as the others moved to either side of the tunnel to make room for him. 
Glo had seen Seth leap across great distances before. His mind flashed back to their first encounter with the orcs in Bendenwoods. He vividly remembered him hopping from wagon top to wagon top with ease. 
Seth had backed a few paces down the corridor. He took a running start, reached the edge of the pit, and leapt into the air, easily soaring over the hole. As he neared the other side, Seth tucked his body into a ball and rolled as he hit the ground, springing up into a crouch once he had landed.
 “Nice jump!” Elladan commented, clearly impressed with the halfling's acrobatic ability.
Seth must have heard him. He called softly from the other side, “It was nothing.”
Glo smiled. Elladan had not seen half of what Seth, or Lloyd for that matter, could do.
Aksel called out to Seth, “I’m sending Lloyd over. Go ahead a little ways and see what you can find.”
“Okay,” came the response, then the halfling’s small form disappeared into the darkness of the tunnel ahead.
Meanwhile, Lloyd backed up away from the pit. Everyone else backed up against the tunnel walls to give him room. The warrior started swiftly, his long legs taking him to the edge of the pit in just a few strides. Then he, too, went soaring through the air, almost too high in fact. He was dangerously close to the ceiling. 
Glo and the others held their breath, but as it turned out, they had nothing to worry about. The warrior’s body flattened out as he flew forward, his arms stretching out in front of him. Then, just before he reached the other side, Lloyd spread his arms out and flipped over in mid-air, landing on the other side on one knee. 
“That was some leap!” Elladan cried, awed by the warrior's physical prowess. 
Glo nodded in agreement. 
“The first time we saw him, he leapt off his horse, a sword in each hand, did a mid-air somersault, and landed right in the middle of a pack of orcs. They were all dead a minute or so later.” 
“Whew,” Elladan whistled. “Remind me to stay on his good side.”
Across the pit, Lloyd had gotten up and brushed himself off. 
Seth reappeared, said something to Lloyd, and the two of them disappeared down the tunnel. They both reappeared carrying a long board. They slowly lowered it across the hole, and Delgron caught it on the other side, laying it down. 
Lloyd and Seth went back down the tunnel and returned again with another board. Once again, they lowered it down, and Delgron caught it.
After that one was laid down, Aksel called, “That should do it.”
Glo, Elladan, and Aksel easily crossed the boards to the other side. They creaked a bit when Delgron crossed, his full plate making him weigh quite a bit more than the others. The warrior made it to the other side unscathed. 
The group began to follow the passageway. Seth moved out to take point position. They traveled a few hundred yards farther when Seth came running back down the passageway at full speed.
“What is it?” Lloyd cried, his hands going to his blade hilts.
“Cube!” Seth cried pointing back up the tunnel.
Glo moved to the front, raised his staff, and made the quick incantation to light the tip. The staff gave off far more light than the torches they were carrying and now they could see a good distance down the tunnel. 
Something was definitely there. It was a translucent green, filling the entire tunnel. It wiggled-wobbled as it moved toward them.
“That’s a cube alright!” Aksel cried, his voice rising an octave. He was clearly alarmed by the sight.
Glo understood only too well why. A gelatinous cube was not something to be trifled with. 
It was a giant type of ooze, which are amorphous creatures that inhabited underground areas. It had no head, hands, or feet. Its entire body was some kind of sensory organ that could discover prey from many feet away. These things lived to eat. In fact, that was all they did. 
Worse, there was no easy way to kill one of these things. Its entire body was a weapon. Cubes would slam into their prey, using their amorphous mass to entangle their victims. 
In addition, they could secrete a slime, which would paralyze their prey. Then they would slowly digest their engulfed victims. Since cubes were mostly transparent, it was said that one could see the remains of whatever they had engulfed still encased in their bodies until it was totally digested. 
Glo shuddered at the thought. It was a nasty way to go. 
“Quick, back across the pit!” Aksel yelled to the group in general, his voice betraying his growing apprehension.
“But…” Lloyd began to protest.
“Now!” Aksel cried forcefully, cutting off the warrior's objections.
Lloyd reluctantly turned and followed the others. The cube was moving forward too fast. Glo knew if they didn’t slow it down, they would never reach the pit.
“I’ll be right behind you,” Glo called back to the retreating forms of his comrades. He turned back and saw the huge creature closing in on him. It was perhaps only ten yards away now. Glo almost lost his nerve at that point, but then something welled up inside of him. 
No. I will not panic. He calmly began his spell. The incantation only took a few seconds, but the Cube had covered half the distance between them in that time. 
Glo refused to budge. He lifted his finger and spoke the words, “Nullam Telum”. Instantly, two purple missiles leapt from his fingertips and careened their way across the cavern. 
Glo did not stop to watch them, however. Instead, he turned and went running down the passageway after his comrades. 
He had taken not two steps when the projectiles connected with the cube. He heard two explosions behind him. He chanced a quick glance over his shoulder and saw that the cube had slowed down. Concussive waves rippled through the creature, making it difficult to control the movement of its massive form. 
Glo turned his head forward and almost ran smack into Lloyd. The warrior was waiting for him. 
“Lloyd, what are you doing back here?” Glo cried in dismay.
“I couldn’t leave you all alone with that thing,” the warrior replied, his concern written across his young face.
Glo's heart was filled with warmth by Lloyd's selfless actions. The young man was indeed a true friend. 
“Okay then,” he said smiling at the young hero, “let’s go!” 
Lloyd grasped Glo’s arm, and the two of them ran as fast as they could down the passageway. Glo chanced one more look back. 
The cube was moving fast! This time, though, they had enough of a head start. When they reached the pit, everyone else was already across.
“Come on!” Aksel cried waving them across.
“Go ahead, Lloyd,” Glo cried, turning to face the cube once more.
“But…” Lloyd began to protest.
“I’ll be fine now, thanks to you,” Glo said warmly. The young warrior really had helped him speed his way back to the pit.
“Okay,” Lloyd responded with an uncertain smile. He turned and ran across the boards to the other side.
Glo spun around and looked at the approaching cube. It was closing fast. The wizard began his spell once more. The creature was perhaps twenty feet away when Glo launched his attack this time. 
Once again, the wizard did not wait for the projectiles to connect. He turned and ran as soon as the spell got off. 
Glo vaulted across the boards and reached the other side. 
As soon as he was across, Elladan cried, “Quick, lift up the boards so it can’t get across.” 
Everyone leaped forward and grabbed hold of a board. Lloyd and Delgron did most of the heavy lifting, but by the time the cube had reached the pit, the boards had been dragged halfway across the pit. 
The cube had stopped at the edge of the pit, its body quivering in the light of Glo’s staff. It began to move forward again, albeit slowly. Its great mass dripped down into the pit.
“That’s not going to stop it!” Elladan cried in dismay.
Glo stepped forward one more time. He began his spell, moving his hands around in the familiar motion and ending with his finger pointing at his target, punctuated with those two words, “Nullam Telum”. Again two projectiles appeared at the edge of his fingertips and went careening toward their intended target. 
A second later, the two purple missiles connected with the cube and exploded. The concussive waves rippled through the creature causing it to waver. This time the creature completely stopped moving forward.
“Look at the cube!” Aksel cried. “Something is happening to it.”
Aksel was right. Not only had the cube stopped, but it was wiggling back and forth quite a bit more than before. Then it began to jiggle like crazy.
“Man, look at that thing go,” Elladan yelled, his voice filled with amazement at the sight he was witnessing. 
Without warning, the cube began to dissolve. There was a hissing noise, and the gelatinous creature became shorter and shorter. Green smoke rose from its insides. A strange, acrid odor reached the companions.
“Ew, that’s foul,” Elladan declared, waving his hand in front of him and holding his nose.
When it was finally over, all that was left was a pool of green liquid ooze. The pool still smoked a bit then that, too, was gone.
“You did it!” everyone cried, crowding around Glo and pounding him on the back.
 “Tha...nks,” Glo tried to reply, “I think…” he added uncertainly. The wizard rubbed his back on the spot where Lloyd and Delgron had expressed their appreciation. 
His friends were right. He had done it. For the first time, he had remained calm in the face of danger. He had stood his ground, and what’s more, had probably saved himself and his friends. 
This was a new feeling for Glo. He was actually proud of himself. Not in that pretentious way he had been before when he had first left Cairthrellon, thinking he knew it all. No, he now knew the world was dangerous. You could really die out here. Yet he had stood his ground and faced that danger. 
He knew he could not have done it without his friends. Their courage had inspired him. He was a better person because of his association with this little group. He owed them more than they might ever know.
Meanwhile, Seth had crossed back over the pit and was examining the remains of the cube. “I found something,” he called over to the others. 
“Careful. It could still have traces of acid on it,” Aksel yelled back.
“Do I look stupid?” Seth replied, his tone dripping with sarcasm.
As the others all began to chuckle, Aksel just shook his head.
"Now, seriously, can you come over here and have a look at this?” Seth cried.
Everyone except Aksel continued to chuckle as they put the boards back in place. Then the entire group crossed back over, careful to avoid the still lingering pools of acid. In the center of one pool, there was an object on the ground. 
Glo held up his staff and took a close look. It was a hammer, but not just any hammer. It was larger than the warhammers that Lloyd carried in his backpack. As Glo looked closer, he saw there was a lightning bolt carved on one side and letters written along another side.
“Can you see what it says?” Seth asked Glo, his voice filled with curiosity.
“I’m not sure,” the wizard replied uncertainly. “It seems to be some obscure language I’ve never seen before. The words read Marteau Foudre. Does that mean anything to anyone?”
They all shook their heads.
“Well, let’s get this cleaned off and take it with us,” Glo decided. He took out a cloth and wiped down the hammer. Then he tried to pick it up, but it wouldn’t budge. 
“This thing is really heavy,” he panted. “Lloyd, perhaps you should try.”
The warrior came forward and stood over the hammer. He reached down and tried to lift it with one hand, but he could barely move it. Lloyd shook his head, obviously surprised at the weight of the weapon. He rubbed both his hands together, reached down and grasped the handle with both of them. 
The large man heaved mightily, and the hammer finally lifted off the ground. Lloyd was able to carry it that way but wielding it as a weapon would be a whole different matter.
“Okay then,” Aksel declared, “let’s get back to finding that orc priest.” 

The companions reasoned that nothing could have gotten past that gelatinous cube. So they decided to backtrack and try the other tunnel. They climbed back up the passageway until they reached the intersection of the three tunnels. Then they went down the northeast passageway.
Seth scouted ahead. They continued down the tunnel a few hundred steps and then it also began to turn north just like the last side passage. This passageway did not slope down, nor were there any signs of moisture. 
The rest of them kept moving forward until they caught up to Seth. The halfling had stopped ahead. He turned and faced them, holding his finger to his lips. 
Glo listened. At first, it was quiet. Then he heard a faint rhythmic sound coming from somewhere up ahead. It sounded like…chanting.
 “I think we may have found our priest,” Elladan whispered.
Aksel turned to Seth and asked, “Can you check it out?”
The halfling wrapped his cloak around himself and disappeared. 
About ten minutes went by, when a disembodied voice said, “There is a cavern up ahead.”
Glo almost jumped out of his skin. “Seth!” he hissed in irritation. “A little warning would be nice.”
He heard the halfling chuckle. Glo looked at Aksel who just shrugged. 
He took a deep breath and calmed himself. Oh, well. Seth was Seth. He was not going to change on anyone’s accord. 
The halfling reappeared and continued his account. “There is some kind of weird stone circle in the middle of the cavern. And our orc priest is there with a friend. They are both standing around the circle and chanting. There are also two more orcs with those curved swords standing guard.”
“That’s the rest of them then,” Elladan added, counting off on his fingers.
“Are you absolutely certain?” Aksel asked, staring at the bard.
Elladan paused for a second then replied. “There were the two guards then two more warriors in the main cavern. These last two guards make six. Add one priest and that’s how many attacked the caravan.”
Aksel nodded his appreciation.
Glo half heard the conversation, lost in his own thoughts. Two casters standing around a circle chanting could really mean only one thing. They were probably trying to summon something.
Summoning magic could be used to bring forth many types of monstrosities. These creatures could be from different locations or even different planes of existence. The power of the creatures summoned really depended on the expertise of the summoner. However, magical devices such as summoning circles could be used to control monsters far more powerful than the summoning caster. 
It was a dangerous business and more than likely would blow up in the summoner’s face. If this was the same orc priest they had been chasing all along, he was probably desperate by now. There is no telling what he might try. 
“What does the circle look like?” Glo asked aloud.
Instead of answering immediately, Seth knelt down and drew a picture in the dirt. 
Glo studied it for a minute and realized his fears were confirmed. “Just as I thought. It’s a summoning circle.”
“Hmm,” Aksel murmured stroking his chin, “I wonder what they are trying to summon?”
“Whatever it is, it can’t be good,” Seth observed dryly.
Elladan rubbed his hands together. “Let’s put a crimp in their plans.”
They decided that Seth would sneak in and work his way behind the orc priest on the other side of the circle. The others would wait five minutes then Lloyd, Delgron, and the others would charge in, attacking the guards. Seth would waylay the one priest, and Glo would keep the second priest busy. 
The plan went like clockwork. It had barely begun when it was over. All four orcs lay on the ground, their souls on the way to meet their god, Krieg.
“That was quick!” Elladan cried in delight as he entered the room to join the others.
“Yes, nicely done,” Aksel agreed as he strode in beside the exuberant bard.
Glo in the meantime had walked over to the summoning circle. He was studying it when he realized that someone was at his side. He looked to see Aksel standing there.
“Well?” Aksel asked, an expectant look on his face as he gazed up at the wizard.
Glo recognized those markings almost immediately. He hated to admit it, but one day he would have to thank his father for all the tedious studying he had made him do. 
“They were trying to summon a demon,” he said raising his voice so that the entire group could hear. “And not just any demon. I think it was a demon lord,” he added, a slight tremor in his voice as he uttered that last statement. 
A palpable darkness fell over the chamber as the entire company stopped whatever they were doing and turned to look at him. Their expressions ranged anywhere from utter surprise to downright fear at his extraordinary pronouncement. 
Lloyd had been gazing around at the others, an uncertain look on his face. Finally, he spoke up. 
“My sister is a cleric, so I know that demons are bad, but is a demon lord that much worse?” 
Glo was about to answer the young man, but Aksel beat him to it. The little cleric began his response with a heavy sigh. 
“I’m afraid so, yes. You see, demons are actually evil creatures from another plane of existence entirely, and their sole purpose is to destroy. First, they will feed off of mortal pain and suffering, for that is what sustains them.”
Lloyd’s face darkened as he listened to Aksel’s explanation. “I knew demons were bad, but I had no idea they were pure evil.”
“Yes, well, a demon lord is an entirely different matter. They are the strongest of demons, risen to the top through sheer ferocity and destruction over the multitudes of other demons. Thus, a demon lord has an entire host of demons subject to it, and they are at its beck and call. 
If you bring a demon lord forth and can actually control it, you will have an entire army of demons at your command. However, unless the summoner is very powerful and skilled, it is more than likely that the demon lord will consume him, or her, and then it will be free to call forth its armies and wreak havoc on the mortal world.”
Lloyd’s face had gone ashen at Aksel’s dreadful description of what summoning a demon lord implied. 
Aksel had begun pacing back and forth as he continued to muse aloud. 
“The real question is where would simple orcs like these come across the knowledge to summon a demon lord?”
“There is obviously more going on here than we know,” Glo answered in a distant tone, he himself being lost in thought. Finding out who was behind this needed to wait. He said aloud, “Either way, we cannot leave this circle here. It must be destroyed.”
“Maybe Lloyd here can smash it with that big hammer we found,” Elladan suggested, making the motion of swinging the heavy object down on the platform in front of them.
“I wish I could,” Lloyd replied, looking crestfallen as he gazed around at the others, “but I don’t think I can swing it hard enough to do any real damage.”
An idea dawned on Glo, and a smile broke out on his face. 
“That can be fixed,” he told the young man elatedly. “Take out the hammer.”
Lloyd looked at Glo uncertainly but did not question him. Instead, he retrieved the hammer from his pack, which he had left just outside the cave entrance. The warrior returned moments later, put down his pack and pulled the heavy object from inside. 
Meanwhile, Glo had reached into a bag on his belt and pulled out some brown hairs. He held these in one hand and began his spell. Making the appropriate hand movements, he finished by reaching out, touching Lloyd on the shoulder and speaking the words, “Taurus Vires”. 
Lloyd’s body began to glow with a dull golden color for a moment, and the others could see the image of a bull head appear briefly above him. The young man then straightened up, lifting the hammer and swinging it easily over his head. 
“Wow!” Lloyd cried. “I feel ten times stronger.”
A broad smile spread over Glo’s face. The spell had not really increased Lloyd’s strength all that much, but it was just enough to be effective. More than that, he was pleased to see his friend so happy with the outcome. 
Lloyd grinned as he walked over to the stone circle. He climbed onto it and stood in the very center. Hoisting the hammer over his head, he brought it down with incredible force. There was a tremendous bang followed by the sound of cracking stone. The ground beneath the companions’ feet actually trembled a bit. 
“That’s one heck of a hammer!” Elladan declared, a look of awe on his face as he watched the spectacle in front of him.
Lloyd again lifted the hammer high over his head and brought it down heavily onto the stone circle. Another huge bang rang out followed by more cracking stone. Again the ground trembled beneath the party’s feet. This time something small hit Glo on the shoulder. 
He looked up with the rest of the party. Tiny bits of rubble were beginning to fall from the cave’s ceiling and pitter-patter on the floor below. It subsided momentarily, but it gave Glo an uneasy feeling.
“Lloyd!” Seth cried in alarm. “Be careful with that thing. Do you want to bring the whole ceiling crashing down on us?”
“Just one more should do it!” Lloyd cried, the sweat now openly streaming down his determined face as he hefted the hammer one more time high above his head.
They all braced themselves as he brought the heavy weapon down one more time on the stone platform at his feet. There was a resounding crash followed by a deep rumbling as the entire stone structure fragmented and broke into dozens of pieces. Tiny bits of rubble fell from the ceiling above but thankfully subsided. 
Lloyd slowly waded out of the cracked remains of the stone circle, a look of deep satisfaction on his face. They gathered around the young man. As he climbed out of the rubble, Elladan reaching forward and clasped the young man on the shoulder. 
“I told you he could do it!” the bard cried enthusiastically.
“Indeed, that was impressive, my friend,” Delgron agreed, smiling and clasping the warrior’s other shoulder.
Lloyd turned red as Seth added in a scathing tone, “We never had any doubts. Not only did he destroy the circle, but he almost took the whole cave down with it.”
“It wasn’t that bad, was it?” Lloyd said, his face dropping at the thought of nearly entombing everyone in the cave.
“Never mind him,” Elladan told Lloyd patting the young man’s shoulder. “You did just fine.”
Seth stared darkly at Elladan for a moment then shook his head and walked away.
“Thanks,” Lloyd told the bard, a thin smile returning to his crestfallen face.
It was interesting the way Elladan came to Lloyd’s defense. That was the effect Lloyd had on people; he was so genuine and honest, it was hard not to instinctively like the young man. 
These two were such different personalities. Lloyd was so focused on being a warrior, and Elladan was the charismatic orator and performer. It made Glo wonder how this newly found friendship would affect the two of them. 
As Lloyd packed away the hammer, Aksel spoke to the group in general. 
“I’m guessing it’s about midafternoon now. Let’s go back up to the main cavern and take advantage of those fire pits for a quick meal. Then we can explore a bit farther around this tunnels.”
“It would be nice to find the wagons,” Elladan noted, a wistful expression on his face.
“Agreed,” Aksel replied, a look of sympathy on his small face, “but we have fulfilled our mission. The orc bandits are either dead or gone. They won’t be bothering travelers to Ravenford anymore.”
“Amen to that!” Elladan declared, a smile returning to his face as he realized what they had just accomplished.

The party of adventurers returned to where the three tunnels intersected and then turned back to the main cavern. After a quick bite to eat, they set out toward the main entrance. The only tunnel they had not investigated was the one heading north from that entrance. As they headed west, the sound of voices reached them from up ahead.
 “Seth…” Aksel began.
“On it,” Seth replied before he could finish. 
The halfling wrapped his cloak around himself and disappeared from view. Five minutes later Seth reappeared amongst them, an uncharacteristically worried look on his face. 
“There are drow warriors down there,” he hissed. “About eight of them, fully decked out in black armor and armed to the teeth. They also have some slaves with them. About twenty hobgoblins, all chained up.”
“What are drow warriors doing here?” Elladan exclaimed, his voice filled with apprehension.
Glo had been startled at the first mention of the drow. He had never seen one, but he was all too familiar with them as they were actually related to elves, having the same ancestry. 
Physically similar, the drow looked like elves, although a bit shorter and more slender. They were also underground dwellers, and thus had dark skin, pale hair, and mostly whitish eyes. Drow were evil cousins of the elves at best. Often referred to as Dark Elves, they lived in vast subterranean cities, worshipping demons, and enslaving most of the races they encountered. 
So what were drow doing here then? If they were involved with the orcs… 
The realization made Glo go cold inside. 
“Maybe they are looking for the orcs,” he said in a hushed voice. The others all looked at him, their faces registering everything from surprise to disbelief. Glo continued with his train of thought. “If the orcs were working for the drow, then that would explain how they knew enough to create a summoning circle for a demon lord.”
“But why would the drow want the orcs to waylay caravans?” Elladan asked slowly, a puzzled look on his face.
“I’m still not sure about that.” Glo mulled it over. “Perhaps they were looking for something in particular being transported to Ravenford. If the drow are involved, they could have been the ones supplying the orcs with information on the caravan schedules.”
“Not sure I’m buying all this,” Seth noted, “but the drow would still need a contact in Ravenford, or maybe even Tarrsmorr.”
“That’s a great theory,” Aksel interrupted, “but we can talk about it more later. Right now I think the wisest thing to do is to head back to Ravenford and report to the Baron.”
“Wait,” Lloyd looked at Aksel with clear disbelief, “aren’t we going to fight them?”
“There are eight of them,” Seth whispered, looking at the young warrior like he was daft. “And each one is a match for you.”
Seth might have been stretching it there a bit, but he was right. Drow were fearsome warriors. What’s worse is they were as adept with magic as elves. Drow warriors typically had all types of resistance to spells and magic. Not that Glo could cast many more spells today anyway; his mind was growing fatigued. 
Lloyd was staring at Seth skeptically when Delgron reached over and placed a hand on the young man’s shoulder. 
“He is right, my friend. Drow are skilled warriors, and we have fought many battles these last two days. We are tired and may be able to take on four or five of them…but not eight.” 
Lloyd’s face fell at his fellow warrior’s estimation of their chances in battle with these drow. 
Elladan, sensing the Lloyd’s disappointment, added, “There’s no shame in retreating from a battle you cannot win. Trust me, if I know the drow, we will run into them again.”
“Well, we better make up our minds quick,” Seth cautioned. “Those drow are headed this way.”
“Fine, let’s go,” Lloyd conceded finally, a trace of reluctance still in his voice.
The company moved east, down the passageway, through the main cavern, and to the well. One by one, they climbed up the rope, pulling it up behind them when they were done. Seth was the last one up. 
“I heard the drow enter the cavern just before I climbed up,” Seth told the others. “They were definitely looking for the orcs.”
“Drow?” Brundon asked his eyes widening, “Did you say drow?”
“Yeah. Eight of them”
“Eight drow,” Brundon repeated slowly. “That’s a small army.”
The small company gathered their gear and brought the horses and dogs outside. It was already dark as it was early evening. They mounted their steeds, Glo sharing his with Elladan, then headed east until they reached the edge of the forest. 
From there they went straight south until they found the roadway. As soon as they reached the west road, the companions turned east and headed at a gallop back to Ravenford. 


The Enchanted Hammer
Marteau Foudre.
It was very late in the evening when the company arrived back in Ravenford. The town was mostly dark as the companions road through the empty streets. Looking up at the keep, most of the lights were extinguished, all except for those along the walls and the main gate. Since the Baron was most likely already asleep, the adventurers decided it would be best to wait until the morning to report to him. 
They rode up to the Dying Minotaur and brought the mounts around back to the stables. It was so late that they had to wake up the stable boy to open the doors. Lloyd and Brundon stayed behind to help unsaddle and brush down the horses while the others went inside the inn. 
The kitchen was closed and the cook had gone home, but Telpin opened it up and brought out some leftover chickens, potatoes, and a few pies for the group to eat. Lloyd and Brundon soon joined them, and they finished their late night snack. 
After getting Elladan a room, they all bedded down for the evening. Exhausted, everyone slept well past sunrise. 
It wasn’t until late the next morning when Aksel, Glo, Seth, and Lloyd went up to the castle. They brought Elladan along with them, the bard being honored by being asked to meet the Baron. 
When Captain Gelpas heard of their return, he met them in the castle hall. After a brief conversation, the Captain decided the Baron should hear the rest. Gelpas left them waiting in the main hall as he went to inform Gryswold. 
As they waited, Elladan strolled around the hallway admiring the décor. 
“Nice little keep they have here,” he commented after a few minutes of perusing around. “I am not familiar with all these coat of arms,” he said, pointing to the large shields attached to the walls above them.
“That one is for the Avernos clan,” Lloyd replied, joining the bard and pointing to the white, red, and black shield bearing the symbols of the lion and the crown. The two continued talk as Lloyd went into the history of Gryswold, the Avernos family and their relation to Penwick.
“I think I’m experiencing déjà vu.” Seth wore an impish grin on his face.
Aksel and Glo chuckled. It was definitely one of Lloyd’s favorite topics and he had an avid listener in Elladan. 
A few minutes later a castle guard came to get them. It was Francis. 
“Well, if it isn’t the heroes of Stone Hill!” the friendly guard exclaimed. “I hear now that you defeated a whole clan of orc bandits over in the Bendenwoods. I knew you guys were destined for great things. And to think, I was the first guard to show you around the castle.”
“Thank you, Francis,” Aksel replied, his skin flushing slightly revealing his embarrassment at the guard’s fervent praise. “We were just sitting here waiting for Captain Gelpas to return.”
“Oh, right!” Francis exclaimed, whacking himself on the side of the head, “I almost forgot. The Captain sent me to escort some guests to meet with him and the Baron. He must have meant you folks. They are waiting for you now in one of the side chambers off the main throne room. Follow me,” he said, turning and waving them forward. 
Glo chuckled to himself as they trailed behind Francis on their way to the throne room. 
Inside, the guard led them to the last door on the right, opened it, and then stood aside. They passed through the doorway and entered a room whose length and width were almost totally filled by a large wooden table. The Baron sat at the head of that table, the Lady Gracelynn sat to his left, Captain Gelpas sat at the Baron’s right, and the Lady Andrella sat on a chair along the wall behind her mother.
Gryswold turned toward the door as they entered. “Here they are, Gelpas! Come in. Come in. Please have a seat.”
The five of them filed in and found seats around the table. There was enough seating for twelve, leaving four extra chairs. Lloyd sat the farthest away, close to the other end. 
Once everyone had sat down, the Lady Andrella stood up and moved over to the table, taking the seat opposite the head of the table, right next to the young man. Lloyd looked over and nodded at the girl, smiling shyly. She smiled back, and then they both looked away from each other. 
Gryswold leaned forward and said, “Gelpas here was just telling us a bit about your run in with the orc bandits. Please, tell us the whole story.”
Aksel cleared his throat and began to speak for the group. “There is much to tell, your Lordship, and to that end we have brought a caravan survivor with us. He became a great asset to us during the course of this quest. May I introduce Elladan the Bard.”
Elladan stood up and bowed deeply, his cape flourishing behind him. “At your service, your Lordship and Ladyship,” he said modestly.
Gryswold regarded the bard, his blue eyes appraising the dark haired elf. “A caravan survivor you say?” the Baron said slowly, a puzzled expression crossing his strong features. “I thought the last caravan made it through here unharmed?”
“I’m sorry to say, your Lordship,” Aksel spoke up in an effort to explain, “but another caravan was waylaid while we were hunting the bandits.”
“No! Not another caravan!” Gryswold exclaimed, slamming his fist down on the table in anger. The Lady Gracelynn reached forward and placed her delicate hand on his shoulder in an effort to calm him down. Gryswold turned to look at her over his shoulder then sighed heavily his broad shoulders relaxing a bit.
“I’m afraid so, your Lordship,” Elladan replied, his voice filled with sadness. “I was a passenger on that caravan when we were attacked by the bandits last evening.”
“Did anyone else survive?” the Lady Gracelynn asked, her face taut and her voice filled with trepidation.
“Alas, I’m afraid not, good Lady,” Elladan reported, his head bowed low. “It was by mere chance that I am still alive,” he added, his voice thick with regret over the incident. 
Elladan began to tell the story of the orc attack on his caravan. He described it quite vividly, as is a bard’s wont, although Glo suspected that he left out some of the more gory details in deference to the two ladies present. When he was done, there were somber faces all around the room.
“The devils,” Gryswold declared angrily, slamming his fist onto the table once more.
“But fear not, your Lord and Ladyship,” Elladan continued, his face brightening a bit and his voice becoming more animated. “By the grace of the gods, these good folks found me,” he said, spreading his hand around the table to the companions. “They were kind enough to take me in and even let me help in my own small way in stamping out the rest of the murderous, thieving scoundrels.”
“So they are all gone?” Gryswold asked pointedly, his face still somewhat flushed with anger.
“To the last orc, your Lordship, as promised,” Lloyd replied from the other end of the table, his voice ringing out with clear conviction.
“Thank you,” Gryswold replied, sighing deeply. “I knew I could count on a Stealle.”
“Thank you all,” the Lady Gracelynn added, looking at each companion individually and smiling at them graciously
“Yes, indeed,” Gryswold nodded, realizing he had inadvertently slighted the others. “Thanks to all of you,” he finished warmly, also looking at each companion with a sincerely grateful expression.
 The Lady Gracelynn then turned toward Elladan and addressed him specifically. 
“Good bard, we are quite sorry for any hardship these bandits may have put you through, and we are most grateful for your help in putting an end to these cutthroats and vagabonds. If there is anything else we can do for you to ease your suffering, please let us know.”
“Oh, no, no, no, your Graces,” Elladan replied, obviously touched by the gracious woman’s concern, “I am merely glad that I was fortunate enough to help this fine group. They are the heroes here. If it were not for them, I would still be stuck in the forest or worse.”
The Lady Gracelynn smiled warmly at the young bard. 
Gryswold seemed impressed by his response as well, nodding and giving him a gruff smile of his own. Baron Gryswold then began to question the group in earnest, wanting all the details about the various aspects of their mission. 
Aksel, Glo, and Elladan took turns filling him in on the specifics. Lloyd and Seth remained silent throughout the ensuing conversation. Glo occasionally looked over toward his quiet companions. 
He did notice that Lloyd and the Lady Andrella would sporadically turn toward one another and then turn away again. The attraction between the two was almost palpable. He was curious as to which one would eventually make the first move. 
Elladan, a natural born story teller, had taken up the tale of their search through the caverns. He had just gotten to the part about the drow. 
“Drow?” Gryswold exclaimed with a look of surprise crossing his rugged features. He turned to Gelpas and said, “So they’ve finally reared their ugly heads again. I was wondering how long it would take them.”
“Pardon, your Lordship?” Aksel asked, sitting forward and looking from Gryswold to Gelpas.
Indeed, Glo wondered. What was the Baron talking about? Did he know something about the drow that they did not? 
Gryswold turned toward the little cleric, a rueful look on his face. 
“Sorry, forgive me. I’ve had run-ins before with the drow from my days as an adventurer, much like you. But that is another story entirely. Please continue.” 
Glo decided to speak up at that point. He expressed his theory of how the drow might have been sponsoring the orcs in the first place and that the drow may have been supplying the orcs with the caravan schedules. It was his notion that the orcs had been tasked with finding something in specific for the drow. 
“That would not surprise me at all,” Gryswold replied, nodding his head earnestly. “The drow were always behind any number of schemes designed to gain them power in this land. My fellow adventurers and I were able to put a stop to many of their plans. But the drow never give up. They always have some new plot in the works. The real question is what were they were looking for in the caravans?”
“Well, the orcs are all gone now, your Lordship,” Aksel pointed out pragmatically.
Gryswold had been lost in thought, a faraway look in his eyes. Now he turned to face the little cleric. “And you shall be amply rewarded for that,” he said definitively. “I am also grateful, however, that you came back to report this to us. Now we know that the drow have some plot going. And, better yet, they don’t know that we are on to them.” 
As the Baron finished his last statement, he looked down toward the other end of the table, his face taking on a shrewd expression. “Lloyd, it must have been especially tough for you to walk away from a fight, being a Stealle and all. Let me assure you that you did the right thing.”
Lloyd looked back at Gryswold with a pained expression on his face. “It wasn’t easy, your Lordship. I am a warrior. It is not in my nature to run.”
A wide grin broke out across the Baron’s face as he regarded the young man. “You remind me so much of your father. During the Eboneye war it was hard to restrain him. He was always wading into battle with little regard for his own safety.”
“My father did that?” Lloyd replied, his disbelief clearly painted across his face. 
Gryswold sat back in his chair and laughed. It was a deep, full sound. “Yes, indeed he did. And although he won us many battle, he nearly got himself killed more times than I can count,” Gryswold finished, a resigned expression on his face.
Lloyd shook his head at the other end of the table. “I don’t believe it. My father? He is always yelling at me for being too reckless.”
Gryswold chuckled. “Well, they say the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree.” The Baron threw up his hands at that point and added, “Don’t get me wrong, my boy. Your father has turned into a fine strategist, one of the best Penwick has ever seen.”
“I know, I know,” Lloyd replied, a wan smile crossing his face. “I can’t tell you how many times I’ve heard, ‘You must learn to study your opponents first and ascertain their strengths and weakness. Never fully engage an enemy until you have properly assessed their capabilities’,” he said, obviously reciting something he had heard over and over again. 
“Indeed,” Gryswold nodded, “that is sound advice.” He leaned forward looking at the young warrior intently. “And trust me, lad, your father had to learn that the hard way. He almost lost your mother because of his own recklessness.” 
Lloyd stared back at the Baron, his eyes widening. “I was never told about that!” he declared, mixed emotions playing across the young man’s face.
Gryswold closed his eyes, a brief smile crossing his own face. “I’m not surprised. It is not something that is easy to admit.” There was an edge to his gruff voice as he continued. 
“It was almost at the end of the war. The Protectors, that’s what we called ourselves in those days, had taken back a good portion of the city.” The Baron paused, looking around the long table. Everyone’s eyes were riveted on him. 
“The pirates had set a magical trap for us in the Iron Temple, which your father ran headlong into. He was such a charismatic leader that the rest of us followed him blindly. We would have all been killed if your mother, quite pregnant with your sister at the time, had not come to save us.” Gryswold gazed at the young man as he continued. “And she did indeed save us but in doing so was captured by Eboneye himself.”
Realization dawned on Lloyd’s young face. “So that’s how Eboneye kidnapped her! I never did quite understand that before.”
“Indeed, lad,” Gryswold agreed nodding his head. “She put herself at risk to save your father and the rest of us. And we were lucky to get her back unharmed. From that day forward, your father swore that he would never run headlong into battle again. He almost lost the most precious thing to him in the world, and it taught him a very valuable lesson.” 
Gryswold stopped speaking and sat back in his chair. The Lady Gracelynn reached over and grasped her husband’s arm with her hand, squeezing it gently. The Baron turned to his wife and smiled at her reassuringly, reaching over with his other hand and patting hers. 
At the other end of the table, Lloyd sat with a stunned look on his face. As he sat there unmoving, the Lady Andrella reached over a tentative hand and placed it on the young man’s arm, mimicking her mother. 
Lloyd turned around and looked at the small, soft hand on his arm. His gaze followed the slender arm up to the lovely young face staring at him with a heartfelt look. A warm smile spread across his face for a few moments as the two young people stared into each other’s eyes. Abruptly, both their faces began to turn red, and they turned away from each other, the young woman withdrawing her hand from his arm. 
The Lady Gracelynn spoke up at that point, drawing everyone’s attention to her. “Gryswold, don’t you think that is enough talk for now? These fine young men have just returned from an arduous mission. They probably need to attend to a number of things since they have been out of town for the last few days.”
Gryswold smiled warmly at his wife. “Well spoken, Gracelynn.” He turned to the Captain of the Guard. “Gelpas, please escort our guests to the local merchants so they can collect their reward.” 
As the Baron and Baroness stood up, Gryswold glanced around the table and added, “When you are done with your business and rested up, return here. There are a few other reports from the surrounding countryside that need looking into. And your handling of these bandits has shown you can get the job done.” 
“Thank you, your Lordship,” Aksel replied earnestly as he also stood up.
Glo and the others followed suit. He glanced over at Lloyd as he did so. 
The young man and the Lady Andrella exchanged glances as they rose together. Lloyd smiled warmly again at the lovely young woman. The Lady Andrella stared back for a moment, smiling in return, then caught herself and turned away, blushing profusely. She excused herself and rushed out of the room. 
Glo turned and saw the Lady Gracelynn lean over and whisper to the Baron. His keen hearing picked up her words. 
“I think we may have found a prospect for Andrella.”
Glo heard the Baron whisper back, “He comes from a fine and noble Penwick family. He may be a little rough around the edges, but with some polish he would make a fine suitor for Andrella.”
“You were rough around the edges once,” Gracelynn whispered back playfully. “It didn’t stop me.”
The Baron laughed and grabbed her hand. Then they leaned in and kissed.

Gelpas accompanied the party out of the castle to see the merchant Pheldman. Pheldman gathered the other merchants together. They were delighted with the news that the orc bandits were no longer a threat. All of the businessmen seemed happy except for one fellow who stood off to the side with a sour look on his face.
“Who’s that over there?” Elladan asked Pheldman, nodding his head in the sour fellow’s direction.
Pheldman turned and gazed briefly in the direction Elladan had pointed. Turning back, he replied quietly, “Oh, that’s Haltan. He owns the rare items shop.”
“Is he always that happy looking?” the bard asked chuckling to himself.
“I don’t think I’ve seen him smile once in the twenty years since he arrived here,” Pheldman replied, cackling a bit himself.
After the merchants finished thanking the party and paid them their 5,000 gold for disposing of the bandits, the five adventurers took their leave. As Gracelynn surmised, they did have a lot to do. 
There were items that needed repairing, supplies that needed replacing, and there was the question of what to do with the hammer. Also, the spell casters needed to study and pray, and the warriors needed to continue their training. There was also one other matter to attend to. 
A short time later, Glo met Aksel, Seth and Lloyd in the common room of the Dying Minotaur. The little gnome had called them all together to discuss the induction of the Bard Elladan into their group.
“He was a big help in the cave with those orcs,” Aksel told the gathered adventurers as he gazed around the table. “And he was extremely eloquent in his dealings with the Baron and Baroness.”
“Also, bard songs can be quite helpful in battle,” Glo added. Bard songs were laced with magic, providing all kinds of effects on those around them. These songs could do anything from bolstering comrades to distracting or enchanting enemies. Thus, a bard in a party could be a valuable ally.
“I like him,” Lloyd declared emphatically, looking around at the others.
It was quiet around the table as everyone’s eyes settled on Seth. The halfling stared back at the others, his expression unreadable. After a few moments of silence, he finally spoke. 
“Well…if you really want to invite him to join us, be my guest. But just be aware, he is not like the rest of you.”
“What do you mean?” Glo asked, not grasping the meaning of the halfling’s words.
“You are all idealistic,” Seth briefly gazing at each of them. “Elladan is a realist.”
“And just how do you know that?” Aksel inquired, staring at Seth with an intent look on his face.
“Let’s just say that I know the type,” Seth finished, sitting back and folding his arms across his chest.
“And what does that make you?” Lloyd asked the halfling, a curious expression on the young man’s face.
“Me?” Seth responded with mock indignation. “Why, I’m neither. The only thing I believe in is myself.”
“Dragon-dung!” Glo swore emphatically. “If that was true, you wouldn’t be hanging out with us.”
“Believe what you want,” Seth pushed away from the table. “And feel free to induct Elladan into our little group. But just be sure to tell him, I’ll be watching him.” The halfling made a motion with his fingers pointing to his eyes and then turned around walking away.
“What was that all about?” Lloyd sounded completely mystified.
“I don’t know,” Aksel responded slowly, an equally mystified look on the little cleric’s face.
The three of them were silent for a few moments, then Glo spoke up. “Sometimes I think Seth likes to be over dramatic. It makes him feel important.”
“Well then,” Aksel rose from his seat, still looking perplexed, “I guess I’ll go tell Elladan.”
“I’ll come with you,” Lloyd offered enthusiastically, also getting up from his seat.
As the two walked away, Glo puzzled over the halfling’s words. Was there indeed something about Elladan they were all missing? The bard seemed genuine, and if Glo was being honest, having another elf around made him feel just a little less homesick. If there was something more to Elladan than they were seeing, time would tell.

When Aksel and Lloyd showed up at Elladan’s room, the bard was surprised. When they invited him to join their little group, he was speechless. For a few seconds anyway.
“Why, I would be honored,” Elladan replied earnestly, looking from Aksel to Lloyd and back again.
He really liked these folks. First of all, they had probably saved his life. Secondly, they were very capable, as proved by their adventures in the caves underneath the Vogels. Third of all, they seemed to be going places, having already garnered the favor of the Baron of Ravenford. If they did indeed become famous, as the group's bard, he would be the one to chronicle their adventures.
“Excellent,” Aksel said as he got up from his seat in Elladan's room. “We all have business around town today, but we intend to meet later for dinner downstairs.”
“Sounds good to me,” Elladan responded, enthusiastically escorting his guests to the door.
“Very good,” Aksel stopped in the doorway and turned to shake his hand. "We will see you later then.”
Lloyd extended his hand as well. “Welcome to the group, Elladan,” the big man said with a wide smile.
Elladan smiled in return at the young man whose good nature was infectious. He really liked this guy. He was a good friend in a fight. That was for certain. 
The bard extended his own hand in return and remembered too late the first time he had shaken hands with the warrior back in the caverns. Lloyd’s grip was like a vise. Elladan smiled through it, not wanting to offend the genuine young man. When he finally let go, his hand was throbbing.
“Thanks,” he managed through clenched teeth. 
Elladan watched the duo walk down the hall and disappear down the stairs to the first floor. As he closed the door to his room, he was still smiling. 
This was an unexpected development. Life just got a whole lot more interesting, but that was exactly what he was looking for. Had he stayed home in Kai-Arborus, his life would have followed a set path, and a very boring one at that. 
He briefly thought back to his home in the great forest of Ruanaiaith. In his mind’s eye, he could still see the beautiful Arcarion trees rising up high above the forest floor. He pictured the graceful dwellings built in and around the great tree trunks, ranging anywhere from the forest floor to a hundred feet above the ground. Elegant, ornate bridges wound up from the forest floor, curved around tree trunks, and spanned the distance between the great trees, connecting the dwellings to the ground and each other. 
At the very tops of the tallest trees, giant eagles glided in and out of their tree top nests. The eagles shared the city with the elves. At night, the forest was lit up as magical light shone through the great stained glass windows that were part of every structure. It was a magnificent sight and the thought of it took Elladan’s breath away.
Enough reminiscing, he told himself. Elladan had chosen to leave Kai-Arborus of his own accord. It was his decision, and he was not going to second guess himself now. He would roam the world, find adventure, and hone his skills with the lute. Someday he would be the most famous bard in all of Thac, and these fine folks he had fallen in with would provide the perfect venue for his plans. 
With that last thought, the bard sat down on his bed and resumed practicing his lute. 

Later that evening, Elladan met the others for dinner. He had just finished a show in the common room as part of a deal he had worked out with Telpin to pay for his room and board. It went very well. The locals were mesmerized by a combination of the bard’s performance and new material that they had never heard before. Elladan was not surprised, considering he was probably the only elf they had ever seen from Kai-Arborus. 
After finishing his set, Elladan joined the others. They were seated in a booth along the wall next to the fireplace. The flames danced above the stacked logs, and the warmth they radiated made the room feel very cozy as the companions shared a hearty dinner. They compared notes on the events of the day. 
“I spent the afternoon at Maltar’s,” Glo told them as he dug into his meal. “He gave me some new spells to practice, said I was ready for them.”
“That’s good news,” Aksel responded in between bites.
“He was also very interested in our adventures out in the woods, especially when I mentioned the drow. He agreed with my thoughts on their use of the orcs and wants me to tell him if we find any artifacts.”
"Artifacts?" Aksel repeated slowly, putting his fork down and placing a hand on his chin. "Interesting. So Maltar thinks the drow are looking for artifacts? Did he say why?"
Glo shook his head, swallowing a mouthful before answering. "No, not specifically, but as we already know, aside from being rare, some artifacts contain extremely powerful magic."
"Like that crystal we found underneath Stone Hill," Lloyd pointed around the booth with his fork.
"Exactly," Glo nodded to the young man.
"Crystal? Stone Hill?" Elladan asked extremely curious about the references.
Aksel turned toward him and explained, "Our first mission was to the ruined keep atop Stone Hill, a few miles west of here. Underneath the keep we found a crystal artifact. The bugbears there were using its power to create zombies. Glo ended up destroying it."
Elladan sat back in his seat, his eyes widening on hearing Aksel's account. "Well, that sounds like quite an adventure. You will have to tell me more about it when you have a chance. For now, tell me who this Maltar is.” 
“Oh, sorry,” Glo responded, an apologetic look on his face. “I guess I never mentioned him before to you. Maltar is the most powerful wizard in the area. He’s the one who originally hired us to go to Stone Hill.”
“And he’s also friends with the Baron,” Lloyd added from his seat across from Elladan.
“Really?” the bard replied, turning toward the young man. “How do they know each other?”
Lloyd put his fork down and sat forward in his seat. “Gryswold, Maltar, and the town’s head cleric, Qualtan, used to adventure together. When Gryswold slew the black dragon Ullarak and became the Baron of Ravenford, the three of them settled down in town together.”
Elladan turned toward Glo as he took up the story. “Gryswold and Maltar must have had a falling out a few years back. We heard that Maltar moved out of his tower up at the keep and relocated to a house in town just down the road from here. However, he still remains Gryswold’s advisor.”
“Interesting,” Elladan mulled over what he had just heard. “I wonder what the problem was.”
“Well, Maltar is not the most agreeable of people,” Glo replied, phrasing it nicely, though from the look on his face Elladan could tell that Maltar was more than just disagreeable.
“Did you mention the hammer to him?” Seth interrupted, staring intently at the elf.
Glo turned his head toward the halfling and shook his head. “No, actually. I thought I would wait until we know what it is first.”
The look on Seth’s face spoke volumes about how the halfling felt about this Maltar. Elladan had to admit, the more he heard about the wizard, the less he trusted him. There had to be more behind his falling out with the Baron than they knew. 
Looking back at Glo, he said slowly, “Perhaps you should be careful how much you divulge of our activities to this Maltar in the future. Maybe his disagreement with Gryswold was due to his disposition. Then again, maybe it was due to something else entirely. Either way, I would be more cautious around this mage.”
“Yes! Exactly,” Seth nodded his head toward Elladan.
Elladan nodded back slowly to the halfling. This was the first time Seth had shown even the slightest bit of support for him. It was not much, but it was a start.
“Very well,” Glo replied, looking back and forth between Seth and Elladan. “I will be more careful about what I tell Maltar from now on.”
“Thank you!” Seth raised his hands into the air as if praising the gods.
The conversation then switched over to Aksel’s day. The little cleric had gone to the temple to pray to his god, Aurl Berlglowr. Due to their endeavors of the last couple of days and his continued use of his healing powers in the name of his god, he had been rewarded with the knowledge of new divine spells. 
Lloyd took up the conversation next, discussing his training. His expertise with the sword was most definitely improving, their encounters from the last few days honing his skills. The young warrior confided in them that he was now able to master a technique that had previously proved too complex for him. 
Seth did not have much to say. He merely noted that he too had done some studying but would not discuss any of the details.
Finally, it was Elladan’s turn to speak. “I happened to have acquired a couple of books on spells and songs in my recent travels. I cracked them open this afternoon and learned a few things that might prove useful on our next job.” 
“Bard songs?” Glo inquired a speculative look on the wizard’s face.
Elladan raised an eyebrow as he gazed at the other elf. Glo seemed to know a little about everything. He had heard that Galinthral elves were very intelligent and this one definitely seemed to fit the bill. 
“As a matter of fact, yes,” Elladan replied candidly. 
“Excellent, Elladan,” Aksel nodded toward him kindly. “Now then,” the gnome continued changing the subject, “has anyone been able to find out anything about the hammer?” 
“I could not identify it with a spell or find any reference to it in Maltar’s library,” Glo responded, an embarrassed look on the wizard’s face.
“And there is nothing about it in bardic lore,” Elladan added, a bit vexed himself by his failure to find a reference to the object in his texts. 
“Bardic lore?” Lloyd asked, a puzzled look on the warrior’s face.
Elladan turned to look at the young man with surprise. “You have never heard of bardic lore before?”
Lloyd just shook his head in response.
“Well, my friend, it is quite simple,” Elladan said expansively. “Aside from being singers and song writers, bards are also known as historians. Have you ever noticed how many ballads concern events from history?”
“I guess,” Lloyd responded, though he didn’t look quite certain.
“Well, there are a lot,” Elladan assured him. “And that is because bards keep track of historical events in song. I know many of those old songs by heart, but they are also recorded in texts. And I just happen to carry around with me a few of the most important bardic texts of recent history.”
“Wow!” Lloyd was clearly impressed. “I had no idea.”
“Now you do,” Elladan told the young man with a broad grin on his face.
“Ahem,” Aksel cleared his throat. “Seth?” the little cleric asked turning toward the halfling.
“Don’t look at me,” Seth shrugged his shoulders. “I’ve never heard of a hammer like that before, and I wasn’t going to just go ask around town.”
 “Okay then,” Aksel looked around at everyone seated at the table. “So does anyone have any ideas on what we should do with it?”
Everyone was silent for a good half minute. Then an idea came to Elladan. “We could take it to that guy Haltan, the one that runs the rare items shop. He might have some idea what it is.”
 “That’s a good idea,” Aksel nodded smiling at Elladan. “After dinner, we’ll all go pay this Haltan a visit.”

The rare items shop was down the street from the Dying Minotaur, just past Maltar’s home. As the company approached the shop, they saw a sign over the front door which read Haltan’s Shop of Wonders. 
“Here we are,” Elladan announced, cheerfully ushering the others toward the door to the shop.
They filed into the shop, Elladan holding the door open for the others. As he entered, he appraised the shop. He had seen better. 
There were a few aisles down the center filled with various objects including flasks filled with different colored liquids, strangely adorned rods and scepters, sparkling trinkets, ornate necklaces, cloaks of just about every shade, boots, belts, gloves and even some fancy hats. The walls were lined with numerous weapons, anything from swords to maces, spears, and axes. 
At the back of the store, was a long counter on which were displayed rings from plain gold to those set with a range of diverse colored gems. Behind the counter stood the proprietor, Haltan. He still wore the same sour look on his face that he had at the merchant’s victory gathering the previous day.
“What can I do for you?” Haltan asked as the group entered the store. His tone was one of forced friendliness.
“Let me handle this,” Elladan whispered to the others. He smiled broadly as he walked toward the counter and replied, “No, my friend, the question is what can I do for you?”
Haltan’s face took on an even more pained expression. “Please. I’ve heard it all. I’ve been in business here for twenty years. So don’t expect to pull anything over on me.”
Ah, a hard case. Elladan liked a challenge. 
“I wouldn’t dream of it,” he said aloud. “We just happened to have a potentially rare item we were hoping you might be able to identify and possibly put a price on.”
Haltan replied with a heavy sigh, “Let me see it.”
“Lloyd, if you please,” Elladan turned toward the big man and ushered him up to the counter. 
Lloyd pulled off his backpack and placed it on the floor. Then he reached in and pulled out the hammer, lifting it with two hands once more. Lloyd stepped forward and placed it on the counter with a resounding thud. 
Elladan watched the shop owner closely during all this. Haltan did his best to feign disinterest, but Elladan had caught the momentary flash of excitement in the shop owner’s eyes. So this item was worth something.
“So you have a warhammer,” Haltan said shrugging his shoulders, an apathetic look on his face. “I have at least a dozen of them between here and my warehouse. What use would I have for another one?” 
Elladan was certain the merchant did not have that many warhammers. Even if he did have one or two, none of them were like this one.
“Ah,” he said to the shop owner, spreading his hands over the top of the hammer, “look closely, my friend. Note the ornate handle, the etched lighting on the sides, and the strange writing on the head. This hammer is anything but ordinary. I dare say there is not another like it in the world.”
“Hmmm,” Haltan said, leaning over and peering closely at the weapon. He scanned it from top to bottom then slowly stood back up. “There are some unique qualities to this particular hammer, but that does not necessarily make it worth very much.”
“So you have no idea what this hammer is nor its value?” Elladan pressed, staring at Haltan. He was certain the shop owner had an idea of its worth, if not the exact origin of the hammer.
Haltan bent over and made a production of looking over the hammer one more time. Then he straightened up once and said with a completely bland expression, “No, not really.” 
Elladan felt a nudge against his left elbow. He looked down and saw Seth standing next to him. The halfling had his hand covering his mouth so Haltan could not see him mouth the words, “He’s lying.” 
A slight smirk crossed Elladan’s face as he nodded almost imperceptibly to the halfling. Seth was indeed perceptive when it came to sensing people’s motives. It was something the two of them had in common. Basically, neither of them trusted anyone intrinsically. 
“But,” Haltan said in an insufferably condescending tone, “I might be able to do something with this item. I occasionally get customers in here that like to collect unique weapons, even if they are really not worth all that much. I tell you what. I’ll trade you something in my shop for this item, something not too expensive that is.” 
So he did want the hammer! That confirmed Elladan’s suspicions. It was worth something. Putting his game face back on and keeping his voice even, Elladan casually replied, “What do you have in mind?” 
Haltan began pulling out items that he was willing to trade for the hammer, but each time Elladan would shoot him down. This went on six or seven times, until finally Elladan became fed up with the shop owner. They were getting nowhere. Even if Haltan didn’t know what the item was, he was not willing to trade anything worthwhile for it. 
Elladan shook his head in disgust and turned to Lloyd. 
“Pick up the hammer. We are done here.”
As he began to turn away from the counter, Haltan cried “Wait! Fine. Perhaps you would be interested in another weapon as a trade for this one.” 
Elladan halted in his tracks then slowly turned back to face the recalcitrant shop owner, keeping his face devoid of emotion. He put out a hand toward Lloyd, motioning for the big man to wait. Lloyd paused just before picking up the hammer but stood there nonetheless, watching Elladan expectantly. 
“I do have a very fine sword made of star metal,” Haltan continued, suddenly interested in keeping the bargaining going. “Just wait here one moment,” he said in a fawning tone as he hurried from behind the counter and went to open a door leading to the back of the shop. 
A few seconds after he disappeared, they could hear the sounds of boxes being moved around and rummaging coming through the open doorway. Elladan felt a tap on his shoulder and turned to see Glo standing behind him. 
“You do realize we want to know what the hammer is before we sell it,” the tall elf said, a very serious expression on his lean face.
“Trust me,” Elladan replied in as an assuring tone as possible, “If he knows what it is, he’ll tell us.” 
Glo nodded his acceptance and then backed away from the bard. 
As Elladan turned around to face the counter, he spied Haltan returning from the back room. The shop keeper was carrying an oversized sword in his hand. Its blade was solid black. 
Elladan had heard of such weapons before. They were made of a special type of metal found in rocks that fell from the sky. It was harder than ordinary steel yet much lighter. Weapons made of such metal were purported to be extremely sharp, able to cut through other metals with ease. 
Haltan hefted the large sword and put it on the counter right next to the hammer. Then he looked up and gazed around at the group in general. The corners of the shopkeeper’s mouth upturned slightly and he said in a smug tone, “I can see your big friend there finds this blade interesting.” 
Elladan turned to look at Lloyd. The young man’s eyes were gleaming as he stared at the black bladed sword. Elladan groaned inwardly. He would have to teach Lloyd a thing or two about negotiations after this. Meanwhile, Haltan continued on, sounding quite pleased with himself. 
“And well he should. It is made of a metal that has fallen from the stars. It will cut through almost anything. Of course, I could not trade something this valuable evenly for this near worthless hammer. I would need at least 10,000 gold from you to make it an even trade.”
Elladan had enough of this. He knew a thing or two about weapons and that price was outrageous! This Haltan was flat out trying to cheat them. What’s more is they were no closer to finding out what the warhammer actually was. It was not his quite his style, but it looked like he would have to resort to his bardic talents. 
“Well, my friend, that’s a shame,” Elladan said aloud as he reached behind his back and unslung his lute.
Haltan was no novice at this. His eyes went wide as he stepped back and placed his hands over his ears. 
“Stop that…” the shop keeper began to cry, but it was too late. Elladan had begun strumming his instrument. He played a haunting tune that caused the crooked shopkeeper to fall silent. Haltan lowered his hands, and his face took on a look of rapture as he listened to the music. 
“Serves him right,” Seth commented from the end of the counter. 
Elladan looked over at the halfling who was wearing a derisive smirk. He flashed him a smile and then turned back to Haltan. The shopkeeper stood there, dreamy eyed, listening to the music. Elladan continued to strum his lute and said in a soft voice, “Now what were you saying about a fair trade?” 
“Oh,” Haltan replied, his voice sounding as if he were in a trance, “a fair trade? Yes, a fair trade. The lightning strike hammer of yours for this star sword; that would be an even trade.”
“Lightning strike hammer?” Aksel asked, stepping forward and looking at the shopkeeper.
“Yes, yes,” Haltan replied in a strangely distant voice. “That is what it says on the side here.” He stepped forward and pointed to the inscription on the side of the weapon which they had been previously unable to translate. “Marteau Foudre. Hammer of Lightning Strike.”
“You don’t happen to know its origins, do you?” Glo added, also stepping forward now and staring at the shop owner.
“No, I don’t,” Haltan replied in that trancelike tone. “It’s a mystery.”
Elladan realized that was all the shopkeeper knew. There was no way he would be able to lie under the compulsion of his song. He turned to face the others as he continued to strum his instrument and said, “Well, what do you want to do?”
“That is a really nice sword,” Lloyd gazed admiringly at the black metal blade, a longing gleam in the young warrior’s eye.
“Well,” Glo looked between Lloyd, the star metal blade, and the lightning strike hammer, “Now that we know what it is, I suppose I could just research its origins if need be.”
“From the way he is looking at it, I think Lloyd really wants that sword,” Seth added with obvious amusement at the young man’s preoccupation with the blade.
There was a moment of silence, then Aksel spoke up. “Go ahead,” the little cleric said resolutely. “The hammer is rather unwieldy anyway, and a sword that can cut through almost anything might come in handy.”
“Very well,” Elladan nodded in deference to Aksel’s decision. Still strumming his lute, he turned to face the dreamy eyed shop keeper and said, “Well then, do we have a deal? The hammer for the sword?’
“Done!” Haltan cried in a voice that rang out with no real emotion.
“Go ahead, Lloyd. Pick it up,” Elladan nodded toward the sword as he continued to play his haunting tune.
Lloyd looked around at the others with a thankful expression and then grinning like a kid turned and grasped the black metal sword. He lifted it from the counter and hefted it with one hand and almost fell off balance for a second. The grin on his face grew wider as he straightened himself out and turned to the others. 
“This thing is as light as a feather!” he cried with delight.
Elladan could not help but smile at the young warrior’s joy. 
Aksel, Glo, and Seth all chuckled in turn. 
Elladan then caught himself. They really shouldn’t dwell here any longer than they already had. What he was doing was not really illegal, but it was somewhat unethical. While the crooked shopkeeper might indeed deserve it, someone walking in from the street might not see things that way. 
“We should leave now,” he said quietly to the others. Lloyd look up from his new blade then nodded his understanding. The others nodded as well, and all turned to make their way toward the door. 
Elladan turned toward Haltan and said genially, “Nice doing business with you.” 
He slowly backed his way out the door, still playing all the while. The others preceded him through the open doorway. When Elladan himself reached the door, he stopped playing, slung his lute over his shoulder, and pulled the door shut behind him. 
The companions hurried back down the street and around a curve in the road until Haltan’s shop was out of sight. 
As they continued on, Lloyd asked Elladan, “What was that song you played back there to make that shop owner so agreeable?”
“That?” Elladan replied, waving his hand in the air theatrically. “That was merely a song of fascination.”
“A song of fascination?” the young man repeated with a puzzled expression.
“It mesmerizes the listener,” Elladan explained more thoroughly, “and makes them more prone to suggestion.”
“You know, he‘s not going to be very happy when he snaps out of it and realizes what you did,” Seth noted dryly.
“Probably not,” Elladan agreed with the halfling, “but by now it’s too late. And his proposed deal was totally outrageous. Maybe he’ll think twice from now on before he tries to swindle a bard.” 
Elladan laughed loudly as they continued to walk on, the others joining in. They continued to chuckle all the way back to the inn.
Early the next day the companions returned to the Ravenford keep. They were better trained, better equipped, and restocked on supplies. Gryswold had asked for their further assistance when they were ready. That would work out for their mutual benefit, for the group only needed a few more thousand gold and in order to have enough to pay for the scrolls Maltar offered them. 
Then they could return to Stone Hill and extract the stone golem from the chute between the pantry and the basement. Of course, they still had not figured out the password for the golem’s control ring, but Seth was confident that they would solve that puzzle between now and then. When they reached the front gate, Francis was on guard duty. 
“Ah, if it isn’t our favorite band of adventurers. Tell me, have you guys decided on a name for yourselves yet?”
“Err, not really,” Aksel replied, looking at the guard somewhat uncertainly. 
“Well, you really should. You guys have become the talk of the town. Before you know it, they’ll be writing songs about you.”
“Hey! If anyone is going to write songs about them, it’s me!” Elladan declared emphatically, pointing to himself with his thumb.
“Oh, that’s right,” Francis replied, looking at Elladan as if he were seeing him for the first time. “You have your own bard now.”
“Darn right!” Elladan replied, flashing Francis his patented smile.
“Well then,” Aksel addressed the exuberant guard, “we promise to give a group name some serious thought. In the meantime, the Baron asked us to return when we were ready. He said there were some things he needed our assistance with.”
“Certainly. I’ll take you to Captain Gelpas. He would know what the Baron had in mind. Follow me.” Francis left the second guard alone at the gate and led the group into the castle. They followed him through the main hall and down toward what turned out to be the officers’ quarters. 
Gelpas’s office was there, and they found the Captain sitting at his desk. It was a fairly sparse room, mostly taken up by the desk and a few chairs. There were a few cabinets along one wall and a rack where Gelpas’s belt and sword was currently hanging. The town coat of arms hung on the wall behind him. Parchments were strewn across the desk, and the Captain was pouring over them when Francis escorted them in. 
“Excuse me, sir,” Francis said respectfully, “but you have some guests.”
Gelpas looked up, and a broad smile crossed his face when he saw them. 
“Welcome,” the Captain said rising from his desk. “It’s good to see you. Have you finished your errands in town already?”
“Yes, Captain, as a matter of fact we have,” Aksel responded for the entire group.
“Good, good. You couldn't have returned at a more opportune time. There is something that has just come up which could use immediate attention.” The Captain bent over his desk, rummaging through the pile of parchments until he found the one he was looking for. “Here it is,” he declared triumphantly as he picked one up which had been partially buried.
“What is it?” Lloyd asked anxiously.
Gelpas glanced over the parchment and began reading aloud from it. “It seems that there is a two headed giant that has come down from the Vogels and is terrorizing some farmsteads to the north, up around Bardon’s Gap." He looked up from the parchment at the five of them. "Do you think you could take care of it? There is a 4,000 gold piece reward.”
“Consider it done,” Aksel replied immediately for the entire group of them. They had discussed this prior to coming to the keep and agreed that they would take any job the Baron had for them.
“Excellent,” Gelpas said, his relief that the matter would be handled quite plain. “When can you leave?”
This time Aksel glanced briefly at the others, all of whom nodded. “Almost immediately,” he told the Captain. “We just need to pick up some supplies and be ready to leave within the hour.”
“Perfect,” Gelpas told them, reaching for a quill and noting something on the parchment as he spoke. Then looking up once more he added, “Once the monster is dealt with, return back here, and I’ll have your reward waiting.”
The companions bid the Captain adieu and then left the keep. On their way out, Seth rubbed his hands together and said gleefully, “That should do it!”
“That will give us enough gold altogether to afford those scrolls from Maltar,” Glo agreed with his exuberant friend, “but how about we do the job first?”
“Details, details,” Seth noted with a wave of his hand. The halfling’s mind was obviously not on the mission at hand.
“Speaking of details,” Lloyd began as they headed down the hill toward town, “are we going to hire Delgron and Brundon again?”
“Do we have to?” Seth sounded rather reluctantly.
“We would still have more than enough money to afford your scrolls,” Aksel told the halfling, "even if we hire them out." 
Turning toward Elladan, Aksel explained, “We’ve been offering them 50 gold pieces apiece each day.”
"Sounds fairly reasonable," Elladan acknowledged, pursing his lips and nodding his head.
"So then, do you think you can go find them and hire them out for this mission?" Aksel asked the bard as Seth scowled in the background.
“Sure, I’ll work out a good deal with them,” Elladan replied enthusiastically. “I'll have them ready and waiting at the inn.” 
The companions had stopped at the base of the hill below the keep. Elladan flashed them all his pearly smile and then turned and took off in the direction of the Dying Minotaur.
“I think he likes haggling almost as much as he likes singing,” Glo noted dryly once the bard was out of earshot.
“Well, he seems to be good at both,” Aksel agreed, “which is all the better for us. In the meantime, it looks like we will need a few more supplies after all." Turning toward Seth, he said, "Glo and I will go take care of that. Do you think you and Lloyd could go get us some mounts?” 
“Sure,” the halfling replied in a tone that emphasized his displeasure with their recent decisions. 
Aksel chose to ignore Seth's irritable mood, and they all went their separate ways. 
Less than an hour later, the small company met in front of the Dying Minotaur. Delgron and Brundon were waiting there as Elladan promised. The company of seven gathered on their mounts in front of the inn was becoming a familiar sight. This time, due to their growing reputation, a crowd of townsfolk had formed. 
As the small company finally began to ride off, the townsfolk made way for them, cheering them on and wishing them good luck on their mission. They turned north at the end of the block and continued in that direction, passing to the east of the keep on their way out of town and up the north road. That direction would lead them toward Bardon’s Gap and the farmsteads that were being terrorized by the giant.

Return to the Ruins
Off for a jaunt, are we?

Brundon stood up at the bar, bragging about their exploits to the entire room. This time Elladan was there with him. The two adventurers took turns telling the tale of the group’s triumph over the two headed giant. 
“It was magnificent!” Brundon was saying, waving a glass of ale in one hand. “The giant was on the run, scared out of its wits. And here comes Lloyd, flying through the air, and rams it in the back.” Brundon illustrated with his free hand, making a flying motion through the air in front of him. 
Oooo’s and woah’s could be heard from the crowd, who were totally wrapped up in the tracker’s rendition of the story. Then Elladan took over the tale. 
“Lloyd is so strong that he knocks the monster down, flat on its face! There he is, standing over it, his mighty black sword in hand. The giant tries to get up again. But Lloyd knocks it on the head, and it goes crashing back to the ground!” 
There were cheers mixed in with a few shouts of “Go, Lloyd!” from the tavern goers. 
“Then with one great swing of his mighty sword, he stabs the giant, and cuts out its heart!” 
The crowd went wild. Everyone in the inn stood up and cheered, raising their mugs of ale toward the two companions at the bar and to the rest of them over at their usual booth. “To Lloyd!” many cried. “To the Heroes of Stone Hill!” others yelled. 
Elladan and Brundon were shaking hands with folks at the bar. The group at the table tried to be a bit more detached, merely nodding and waving to their fans. 
“I didn’t really do that. Did I?” Lloyd leaned forward and whispered quietly to his friends.
“Close enough,” Seth replied casually. The halfling was leaning back with his feet up, enjoying the show.
“Don’t worry about it,” Glo assured his stalwart friend. “Brundon and Elladan are just having a good time.”
“And it’s good for business, too,” Seth added as he lifted a mug of ale to his lips.
“I do like being called heroes,” Lloyd finally admitted, nodding his head as a smile crept across his face.
“Heroes,” Aksel mulled over the name. “That’s not too bad. But I don’t much care for the Stone Hill.”
They were interrupted by some folks who insisted on shaking their hands and a few who even bought them a round of drinks. One of those admirers happened to be Francis, their favorite castle guard. 
“Spectacular job, my friends,” Francis said to them as he walked up to their booth. “The Captain is going to be mighty pleased.”
“Thanks,” Aksel replied appreciatively to the friendly guard. “Care to join us?” he added as he slid down a bit on the bench to make room. There was actually plenty of room on that side since Elladan was still up at the bar.
“Don’t mind if I do,” Francis replied cheerfully. He sat down in the space that Aksel had vacated for him and placed his mug on the table.
“Here, let me fill that for you.” Lloyd picked up the cask of ale in the center of the table and poured the golden liquid into the guard’s cup until it was frothing at the top.
“Thanks,” Francis replied as he lifted his mug and took a healthy swig.
“Anyway,” Aksel continued, “we thought it was a bit late when we got in this evening to go and see the Captain, so we figured we’d report to him first thing in the morning.”
“Oh, I’m sure he’ll be fine with that,” Francis told them in a confidential tone. “The Captain likes results; and you seem pretty good at getting them.” The guard smiled and finished off the last of his ale in a long swig. “Speaking of the Captain, I best be getting back. I’ve got gate duty again first thing in the morning, and it’s getting pretty late.” 
They all bid the friendly guard good night. Then with a quick smile and a wink, he got up and hurried to the door and left the inn. The “hero” adulation went on a bit longer, but things finally quieted down when Elladan took the stage. The bard gave another mesmerizing performance and even worked in an impromptu ditty about “Lloyd and the Giant”.
“Glad to see I’m getting so much recognition for my part in things,” Seth noted in a blatantly irritable tone.
Glo had been wondering about that himself. Both Elladan and Brundon, on telling the tale, had glossed over the fact that Seth had hamstringed the giant. Glo did not think the omission was fair and had resolved to ask Elladan about it later. 
“That’s been bothering me, too,” Lloyd mirrored Glo’s thoughts. “I don’t think things would have gone half as well if you hadn’t disabled the giant.”
“Unfortunately,” Aksel replied, looking frankly around at his companions, “that’s not what people want to hear. The giant wouldn’t have seemed nearly as fierce, nor our victory quite as triumphant if people knew it had been injured. The way Elladan and Brundon tell it makes the whole thing seem far more dangerous and courageous, thus adding to our reputation.”
“Yeah, I’m not that naïve,” Seth responded sitting forward in his seat and staring back at Aksel. “I know what they’re doing. It doesn’t mean I have to like it.”
Glo was surprised. “Well, Seth, you may not be that naïve, but obviously I am. I had no idea that is what they were trying to do. Now that I do know, however, I must admit that it is quite effective. The crowd seemed riveted by their story.”
“Well, I think Seth deserves credit, too,” Lloyd exclaimed angrily, “and I’m going to fix that right now.” The warrior began to stand up.
“Sit down, Lloyd!” Seth hissed, looking around to see if anyone noticed their conversation. 
Lloyd, still half standing, turned to look at the halfling, his face a mask of confusion. 
The anger in Seth’s eyes melted away when he saw the perplexed look on the young man’s face. He closed his eyes for a moment. When he opened them, he looked completely calm. The halfling said to Lloyd in the most sincere tone Glo had ever heard him use, “I meant, thank you, Lloyd. That is very kind of you but quite unnecessary.”
Lloyd responded slowly, his expression still puzzled, “But, I thought…”
“I was just griping,” Seth explained patiently. “Aksel is right. What Elladan and Brundon are doing is really what’s best for us.”
“I still don’t get it,” Lloyd said sitting back down onto the bench seat.
“The bigger our reputation, the more jobs we will get,” Aksel tried to explain.
“Now I get it!” Lloyd replied, his eyes going wide as comprehension finally dawning on him. “I guess I am just not use to all this. You see, back home my family is rather well known. So we never really had to worry about building up our reputation.” 
Glo was quite moved by what Lloyd had wanted to do for Seth. The young man really cared about his friends and just wanted to do the right thing. He reached over and put a hand on the big man’s shoulder. 
“Lloyd, you’re a gem. I think what you were just about to do was one of the most selfless acts I’ve ever seen.” 
Lloyd’s face turned a light shade of red at the praise. 
Glo smiled genuinely at the kind-hearted young man and then lifted his mug. He said to the others, “Here’s to Lloyd, the giant killer!” 
Aksel and Seth both grinned and raised their glasses as well. 
“To Lloyd, the giant killer,” they repeated as they clinked mugs with each other and the young man.
Lloyd sat back in his seat and shook his head. 
“You guys,” he said still grinning and red faced. 
It was now getting very late, and the rest of the townsfolk began shuffling out of the tavern. Soon Aksel, Glo, Seth, Lloyd, and Elladan found themselves sitting in relative peace and quiet. Glo was the first to break the silence. 
“Tomorrow we’ll have the money for the scrolls. I can go to Maltar and have him write them up, but we still don’t know the password for the ring.”
“What was it that Telvar’s journal said?” Elladan asked cocking his head as he tried to remember what they had told him, “Something about his first love?”
“Yes, that was the hint he left in his journal about the control rings,” Aksel told the bard, nodding his head in agreement.
“And what was it you said Maltar told you?” Elladan turned toward Glo. “That Telvar never loved anyone but himself?”
“That’s what he said,” Glo nodded, staring at Elladan, trying to figure out where the bard was going with this.
“Then it has to be Telvar’s name,” Elladan declared quite certainly. “Or some variation thereof,” he added.
“My thoughts exactly,” Seth declared, folding his arms across his chest and looking around at the others, daring someone to disagree with him. “It’s the only thing that makes sense.”
There was a momentary pause, then Aksel responded. “You may be right, but we won’t know for sure until we get back to Stone Hill and try it.” 
They talked a bit more, but it was getting late, and everyone decided to adjourn for the night. 

The next morning they headed up to the castle to report their success, but when the companions were ushered into Captain Gelpas’s office, it turned out that he had already heard all about it, and what’s more had their reward waiting for them. 
“I guess Francis must have told you?” Aksel asked curiously.
“Yes,” Gelpas admitted to them. “The whole castle has been abuzz this morning.” 
Glo raised an eyebrow. He had not realized what an impact their adventures were having. He assumed the adulation was pretty much relegated to the denizens of the Dying Minotaur. He did not count on the power of idle gossip in a small town. 
He glanced at Elladan. The bard was grinning from ear to ear. When he saw Glo looking at him, he mouthed the words, “I told you so.” Meanwhile, Gelpas was still talking. 
“I just have to ask one question…did Lloyd really fly through the air and knock the giant down?” The Captain’s expression was somewhat skeptical, but he seemed intent on hearing their answer. 
Lloyd opened his mouth to answer, but Elladan beat him to it. 
“As a matter of fact, he did!” The bard then launched into a somewhat embellished story of their encounter with the giant. It was not as outrageous as the tale he had told at the bar the night before, but he most definitely overstated some parts. When he was done, Gelpas looked at the group with the expression of a man who was clearly impressed. 
“Flying or not, this is most definitely deserved,” the Captain said, pointing out a small chest on the floor next to his desk. 
“Thank you,” Aksel replied graciously. “We are just glad to be of service.”
“That you most definitely are,” Gelpas conceded, “but on with business. Now that the giant is taken care of, I have something else we could use your help with.” 
He went around behind his desk and grabbed a parchment that was lying on top of the pile and began to read from it. “It seems that ships have been disappearing off the coast near the Cape Marlin lighthouse. There have been three to date in the last month. All gone without a trace.”
“Three ships?” Aksel repeated, stepping forward toward the desk.
“Yes,” Gelpas told him, holding the parchment forward for Aksel to see as he continued reading from it, “The Gail Runner, the Sydion, and the Zephyr. All are gone without a sign of any wreckage or their crew.”
“That is disconcerting,” Elladan jumped in, “and we would be glad to look into these disappearing ships for you, Captain. First, my comrades and I have some unfinished business to take care of back at Stone Hill.”
“It should only take a day at most,” Aksel added, stepping back and looking Gelpas in the eye. “Then we should be ready to head out to Cape Marlin.”
Gelpas hesitated a moment then shrugged his shoulders. 
“Very well. I don’t suppose one day will make a difference. Come see me when you return, and I will make arrangements with one of our local ships to take you out to the cape.”
After bidding the Captain adieu, Glo, accompanied by Lloyd who was carrying the heavy chest with their reward money, headed over to Maltar’s to get the scrolls they needed to free the golem. The mage was rather surprised to see them but was obviously pleased to receive the payment and thus promised to have the scrolls ready for them within the hour. 
In the interim, everyone prepared for the journey back to Stone Hill. They gathered outside the Dying Minotaur just before midday. Glo met them with the scrolls Maltar had freshly finished in hand. He found Elladan sitting in a wagon while the rest of the company was on their regular mounts.
“What’s this for?” Glo asked Elladan, nodding toward the cart he was sitting on.
“Oh, this thing,” Elladan replied, pointing backwards at the wagon behind him. “This is for any spoils we may find up at the keep.”
“As well as my couch!” Seth added loudly from his perch astride his canine mount. 
Glo chuckled. He did not understand the halfling’s obsession with that couch. Glo still thought it was some elaborate joke on Seth’s part. He was still smiling to himself as he packed the scrolls into his saddlebags. 
Since this was not a paid job, they had not hired out Delgron and Brundon. However, as Glo was mounting his horse, he heard a voice call out from the direction of the inn.
“Off for a jaunt, are we?”
Glo turned and saw Brundon standing on the porch of the Dying Minotaur watching them with a characteristic smirk on his face.
“We’re just making a quick trip back to Stone Hill. We have some unfinished business out there,” Elladan called to the tracker.
“Going back to get the golem?” Brundon smiled.
“And my couch!” Seth told him insistently.
“Of course,” Brundon replied, the smile on his face turning into a grin. “Perhaps you would like some company on this journey?”
“Unfortunately, this is not a job, and there is no reward in it. So we would not be able to compensate you,” Elladan told him plainly.
“Be that as it may,” Brundon responded slowly, “I do remember a room full of rather nice antiques and the like out there. Perhaps Delgron and I could retrieve some of those and sell them for a small profit?”
 “As long as you don’t touch my couch,” Seth declared, folding his arms across his chest and fixing the tracker with an intent stare.
“I wouldn’t dream of it,” Brundon replied wryly, holding up both his hands in front of him.
Elladan glanced at Aksel who nodded his agreement. “Then I believe we have ourselves a deal,” the bard said to Brundon.
“Done then,” Brundon replied decisively. “I will go and fetch Delgron and be right back.” 
The companions waited outside the inn as a small crowd gathered around them. They passed the time talking with the townsfolk until Brundon and Delgron showed up on horseback a short while later. Waving goodbye to their admirers, the seven of them rode down the street, crossed the bridge, and followed the south road until they were out of Ravenford.

When they entered the Dead Forest a few hours later, it was just a dreary as Glo remembered it. 
“Well, this is rather dismal,” Elladan commented, looking around at the leafless, grey canopy which covered the main road.
“According to Brundon, the entire forest is like this,” Glo told him as he rode along next to the bard.
Elladan whistled. “An entire forest? What could possibly have done this to an entire forest?”
Glo looked at Aksel, and they both shrugged. 
“We said the same thing the first time we were here. Obviously there was some rather dark magic at work here one time, but the extent of it does rather boggle the mind.”
“Indeed,” Elladan replied, gazing all around him. “It is unnerving.”
The riders soon reached the turnoff to the trail that led up the hillside to the keep. It was a bit slow going since they had to stop and remove some of the dead limbs and such that had fallen across the trail. By midafternoon they were entering the courtyard of the keep. 
The front gates still lay to the side of the cracked walls that encircled the large structure, leaving the front entrance wide open to the outside world. The interior of the courtyard was strewn with loose rocks that had most likely cracked off the walls themselves and tumbled to the ground below. Across the courtyard, the tower still stood exactly as they had left it, the door completely gone, smashed in by the charging bugbears on their last visit here. 
Above, at the top of the tower, there were charred black stains on the parapets, a sour reminder to Glo of their encounter with the skeletons on the tower top and his dangerous error with the cauldron full of oil. The main structure of the keep rose above them, looking a staunch grey in the afternoon sunlight. It was the only part of the ruins that looked mostly intact.
“I’ll stay here and keep watch,” Delgron offered as everyone dismounted and tied up the mounts.
“What? No desire to go back inside?” Brundon asked his friend, a smile on the tracker’s face.
“No. I’ve seen enough of this place,” Delgron responded slowly, staring up at the tall keep rising before them. “I’ll be fine right here.”
Brundon looked around at the others with a knowing smile, then shrugged his shoulders at his reluctant comrade. 
“Suit yourself,” he said indifferently, leaving the unenthusiastic warrior behind and leading the rest of the party into the keep. He and Seth fanned out past the foyer, but the place was silent. There were no signs of activity since their last visit.
“Let’s go upstairs to the pantry first,” Aksel decided as they stopped at the stairs leading to the second floor.
“Mind if I take Lloyd and go down to the basement?” Brundon asked as the others started up the steps. “I want to get a start on seeing what we can scavenge.”
“Fine with me,” Aksel replied, turning back and nodding to him..
“Sure, I’ll go with you,” Lloyd agreed, stopping on the first step and turning around to follow Brundon.
Aksel, Seth, Glo, and Elladan went upstairs to the pantry while Brundon took Lloyd and headed down to the basement. When the foursome reached the pantry, Glo lit the end of his staff and shined it down the hole. Something moved below. They heard a small boom, and the floor shook a bit in response.
“Well, guess it's safe to say that the golem is still wedged in there,” Aksel noted wryly as he looked around at the others. 
As the golem continued to thrash around inside the chute, Seth reached into his pocket and took out the control ring he had been carrying. He slipped it onto his finger and said, "Well then, here goes nothing!” 
Seth held out his hand with the ring on it over the chute and closed his eyes tight. He stood that way for almost two full minutes with a look of deep concentration on his face. When he finally spoke, the halfling said a single word, “Telvar”. The four adventurers looked down the chute expectantly, but the golem just continued to thrash around as it had been doing all along.
“Okay then.” Seth looked somewhat annoyed that all his concentration had been for naught. “Let’s try this one more time.” Once again, the halfling thrust his hand out over the chute and closed his eyes tightly. He stood in that pose for a good minute then opened his eyes and spoke a single word, “Ravlet”. 
The noises from the chute below them stopped. Everyone stood stock still as they listened, but the golem made no further movements.
“Was that it?” Elladan asked, almost as if he was afraid his very voice would set the golem off back into motion again. A few seconds later, all was still quiet. A broad grin spread across Seth’s face. He folded his hands across his chest, his expression one of triumph.
Glo looked at the halfling and shook his head. “Really? Telvar backwards? Maltar was right. Telvar really was a hack. That was way too easy.”
“Try making it do something,” Aksel told Seth, “just to be sure.”
Seth looked at Aksel then smirked and held his hand forward over the chute. “Hit the wall,” he said in a commanding tone. Boom! came the sudden response from inside the chute, shaking the room. Seth looked from Aksel to Elladan and then to Glo with a very self-satisfied look on his face. “Hit the wall again,” Seth commanded. The golem did as commanded.
Glo nodded his head in recognition to Seth’s mastery of the golem and said, “I guess that did it.” 
“Told you,” Seth replied smugly, still wearing that a self-satisfied look.
“Nicely done,” Elladan added, congratulating the halfling on his success.
“Thank you,” Seth replied with a mock bow, obviously quite pleased with himself.
“Ahem,” Aksel cleared his throat gaining all their attention, “now that we know the golem is under our control, let’s head down to the basement to use those scrolls.” 
They exited the pantry and headed down stairs to the first floor. As they trudged along, Elladan chuckled to himself, “Telvar backwards. What a hack!” 

When they reached the underground storage room beneath the pantry, Glo held his staff aloft, shining the light from it up the chute.
“I don’t think it’s gone anywhere.” Glo looked back down and saw Seth standing next to him, also gazing up the chute, the trace of a smirk across his face.
“Probably not,” Glo agreed, smiling at his diminutive friend. 
Glo leaned his staff against the wall, unslung his backpack, then knelt down, and drew out the wooden scroll case. He popped open the top, turned it over, and let the two scrolls slide out into his hand. Unraveling the first scroll, he checked the inscription. As promised, it had the spell of Stone to Clay written on it. 
He looked around and saw that Aksel, Seth, and Elladan were staring at him expectantly. With a brief smile and a nod, he began to read the spell aloud. It was a very complex spell and thus was rather lengthy, but Glo plowed through it, making sure to pronounce each passage properly. 
When he finally finished the last sentence, he felt a surge of magic, more powerful than any spell he had ever cast before. It only lasted a few moments, then the magic left his body, flowing upwards toward the chute and the golem wedged in it. 
At the same moment, the parchment in his hand began to disintegrate. Glo watched as the paper slowly disappeared from the center outward, until even the sections he was holding evaporated. In moments, the entire scroll was gone. That was not unexpected however. The magic in a scroll was embedded into the very fiber of the paper. Once invoked, the magic was “used up” and the scroll would disappear along with it.
“Did it work?” Elladan asked expectantly, stepping forward toward the chute.
Glo put an arm out restraining the curious bard. “We’ll know in a minute. Just stand back from the chute; unless of course you want to be buried in liquid golem, that is.” 
Elladan looked sideways at him and then began to chuckle. He stepped back and repeated, “Liquid golem.” The bard continued chuckling to himself as they all watched the opening in the ceiling expectantly. 
Thick grayish liquid began to ooze out of the chute. It reformed on the stone floor, taking something akin to its original shape, but there were huge gaps in its body. Luckily, there was a lot of extra “mud” on the floor around it.
“We’ll have to re-sculpt it a bit before changing it back,” Glo told the others as he stepped forward and knelt down to scoop up the clay. 
Aksel, Seth, and Elladan all gathered around and began helping him reshape the golem. Using the excess clay, they soon filled in the empty spots where the golem had damaged itself. 
When they were done, Glo wiped off his hands and took out the second scroll, the one with the spell of Clay to Stone. As the others stood back, he unraveled it, and began to read from the parchment. 
It was another long, complex spell, but Glo read through it carefully as before. When he was done, there was that same brief rush of powerful magic leaving him once more followed by the disintegration of the scroll while still in his hands. This time, they all saw a magical golden glow envelope the golem. The creature began to harden before their eyes. In a few minutes, it had turned into stone. When the spell was complete, the stone golem looked brand new.
Seth walked up to the creature and patted it on the leg. “There you go, big fellow,” he said as if he were talking to a pet. It was a somewhat comical sight. Seth barely came up to the golem’s knee. “Now we need to give you a name,” Seth was saying as he stared up at the silent golem. “Hmm, what shall we call you?”
“How about Rocky?” Elladan suggested casually.
Seth looked at the bard with a dubious expression and shook his head no.
“How about Gon-edan?” Glo proposed after another moment or two. “That’s elvish for Rock-man.”
Seth’s stared back at him, an incredulous look on his face. “Seriously?”
“How about…Boulder?” Aksel said. They all stopped and turned to look at the little cleric.
“Boulder?” Seth repeated, cocking his head to the side as he mulled it over. “Boulder,” he said once more folding his arms across his chest. Then a smile broke out across his face, and he declared emphatically, “I like it!” 
Looking up at the impassive stone golem, Seth told the creature, “That will be your name from now on. You are The Boulder.”
“Well, now that that’s settled,” Aksel sighed with relief, “Glo and I want to go check a few things in Telvar’s rooms. Why don’t the rest of you go and help Brundon and Lloyd.” 
They agreed and split up, Glo and Aksel going one way down the hall, while Seth, Elladan, and the stone golem went the other way. Over his shoulder, Glo heard Seth say to the stone golem, “Come on, Boulder. Follow me. That’s a good boy.”
The wizard raised an eyebrow as he glanced over at Aksel. “I guess Seth has found himself a new pet.”
“Quite,” Aksel nodded, a thin smile spreading across his face.

While Glo and Aksel went to rummage through Telvar’s rooms, Elladan and the others met up with Lloyd and Brundon. When they found them, Brundon was loading up Lloyd’s arms with some goblets to carry out to the wagon.
“I see he’s keeping you in shape there!” Elladan joked as they walked into the room.
“Are you kidding?” the young man sighed turning his head to look at them. “This is my third trip already.”
“Well, we brought along some help!” Seth cried as he walked into the room behind Elladan. Directly behind him, trudging along slowly, came the stone golem. It was so huge it had to bend over to fit through the doorway.
Brundon’s eyes narrowed as he looked past them at the looming creature. “Are you sure it’s under your control?” he asked. There was a trace of skepticism in his voice.
Seth glared at the man for a moment, then held up his hand with the ring on it and said, “Stop!” 
The Boulder immediately stopped in mid step and stood stock still behind him. 
Brundon cocked his head, obviously still not completely convinced by the look on his face. 
Seth, without turning, simply said, “Pick up the couch.” 
Elladan and Seth moved out of the way as the large stone golem moved forward toward the couch. They all watched as The Boulder bent over and lifted the couch with ease high into the air in front of it. 
Seth stood there with a satisfied smirk on his face. “Well?” was all he said.
“I’d say you could open your own moving company if you wanted,” Brundon declared.
Chuckling to himself, Elladan began to survey their surroundings, wondering if there was really anything of much of value in here. It was a rather large room, but most of its contents were covered with sheets, all except for a couch and an ornate mirror over against one wall. Elladan began walking over toward the mirror. It was quite elegant. 
As he got close to it, he heard Brundon say, “I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”
Elladan stopped in his tracks and turned to look at him. “Why’s that?” he asked curiously.
“Well, you could,” Seth interjected, “If you want a fast trip to the third floor.”
“Cool,” Elladan said with delight. It was a magic mirror. He had heard of them but had never seen one. “I don’t suppose it would work if we took it with us?”
“Nice idea,” Seth noted wryly, “but according to Glo, it has a limited range.”
“Now that’s too bad,” Elladan sighed as he turned back to admire the mirror one last time.
Seth left the room, following The Boulder as the golem carried the couch out of the door and down the long hallway. 
Elladan walked back over to Brundon and asked, “Why on earth is he taking that? Is there some kind of treasure hidden inside or something?”
“Not as far as I know,” Brundon replied, shaking his head uncertainly. “Personally, I think it is some kind of elaborate joke.”
Elladan nodded. Seth was an intense person. He could imagine the halfling going to great lengths to pull off a sophisticated prank. Then again, he could just be taking the couch to mess with everyone’s mind. Seth liked being mysterious and unpredictable. Elladan shrugged. Oh, well, might as well peruse the rest of this room and see if there is anything else worthwhile taking back with them.

Elladan joined Lloyd, Seth, Brundon and Delgron back in the courtyard. The bard had found a nice little lamp which caught his fancy. 
Seth was sitting on his couch which was in turn sitting in the wagon. It was surrounded by three rolled up carpets, a bag filled with those golden goblets he had seen Lloyd carrying before, and a couple of ornate lamps. 
Elladan walked over and placed his lamp next to the others on top of the carpets. “Well, this was profitable,” he noted to the lounging halfling.
“Looks like you made out well!” a voice called from behind them. Elladan whirled around and saw Aksel and Glo trotting out of the keep.
“I’m content,” Seth called back quite causally from his comfortable perch.
“Glad to hear it,” Aksel replied as he observed his friend aloft his cushy acquisition.
“There’s only one thing that bothers me,” Glo mused out loud as the duo reached the others and stood around the wagon. 
“What’s that?” Elladan asked curiously, noting the puzzled look on the elven wizard’s face.
“What happened to Telvar’s body? Last I remember we had deposited it in his bedroom so it wouldn’t be in the way. When Aksel and I went in there just now, it was gone.”
“Really? Now why would anyone have taken an old wizard’s carcass?”
“I’m not sure,” Glo replied, a distant look on his face as he continued to mull over the problem.
“Hey, what’s that over there?” Seth interrupted. 
Everyone turned around to see where the halfling was looking. It was dusk, and the sun had almost set. Through a broken section of the keep’s wall, down the hill off to the southwest in the Dead Forest, they could all see a faint glow.
“Looks…like…a campfire,” Brundon observed as he stared, “But who in his right mind would want to camp out in these woods?”
“Why don’t you send your raven out to see?” Elladan suggested.
“I just did,” the wizard replied, “but there’s not much cover in all those dead trees, and a live bird is going to stand out like a sore thumb. If whoever, or whatever, it is has arrows, I don’t want her becoming an object for target practice.”
“Well then,” Aksel turned to look at the group, “would anyone else care to check it out?”
“You’re crazy if you think I’m leaving the comfort of my couch,” Seth responded grumpily as he snuggled deeper into the cushiony seats of the sofa.
“Fine,” Brundon said, a trace of annoyance in the tracker’s voice, “I’ll go check it out.”
Giving Seth a dark look, the tracker dismounted and hitched his horse to the back of the wagon. Nodding to the others, he trotted to the edge of the courtyard and exited through the opened gate. 
Just before he disappeared, Delgron called out, “Be careful!” 
Brundon looked back over his shoulder, smiled briefly at his longtime friend, then disappeared as he moved out over the top of Stone Hill.

Brundon made it to the edge of the hill top and was soon down and into the tree line. He swiftly traveled through the woods in the direction of the campfire. 
As he went, his mind drifted back to Seth. He wasn’t sure why he let the halfling get under his skin. He was better suited for this type of job anyway. He just couldn’t figure out what Seth was playing at with that couch, and it was beginning to get on his nerves. 
Maybe Elladan was right. Maybe there was some kind of treasure hidden inside it. More than likely, the halfling was just trying to play them all for fools. 
Either way, this journey had turned out okay. He had a sense for these things, and between those carpets, lamps, and golden goblets they would turn a nice little profit on this trip. Not bad for a half day’s work. 
He was starting to feel better when he heard something rustling in the bushes in front of him. Whatever it was seemed large. Something that big should not have been able to sneak up on him. He had been far too preoccupied with Seth’s shenanigans. Now his brooding had put him in a dangerous situation. He should have known better. He usually did.
Brundon stood completely still, waiting and listening, but the rustling stopped and nothing showed itself. I wonder what that was? 
All of a sudden, the ground rose up around him. He tried to tumble out of the way, but something grabbed him. He struggled but could not move. Something large and grey came out of the bushes toward him. Out of options, Brundon yelled “Help!” at the top of his lungs. Then everything went black.

“Did you hear that?” Elladan turned toward the others. They had decided to wait in the courtyard of the keep until Brundon returned.
“That was definitely a human cry,” Glo agreed. He had heard it, too. “I think it came from the direction of the campfire,” he finished, pointing at the glow they could still all see through the break in the wall. It had gotten darker out since Brundon left a mere twenty minutes before, and the dim light had grown brighter as the night fell like a blanket over the hill top and surrounding woods.
“Could it have been Brundon?” Delgron asked, his voice filled with concern.
“Probably,” Seth responded rather inconsiderately from his perch on the couch.
“Then we must do something!” Delgron cried, his anxiety now blossomed into full blown fear thanks to Seth’s careless remark.
“We will,” Aksel replied, turning his head toward Seth. Though Glo could not see the look on the little cleric’s face in the darkness, he assumed he was fixing the halfling with an angry stare. Without turning his head, Aksel added, “Anything from Raven?”
Glo closed his eyes briefly and concentrated on his tiny friend. After a few seconds, he began to get a feeling of apprehension. 
“Raven is uneasy,” he said aloud. “There is definitely someone, or something, dangerous out there.”
“I’m not leaving Brundon out there all on his own,” Delgron stated definitely, spurring his horse to move forward.
“Then I’m coming with you,” Lloyd declared impulsively, also urging his mount forward. 
“Wait!” Seth cried, slowly getting up from his comfortable seat. “I’ll go check it out.” 
Brundon and Lloyd reined in their horses, and both turned to face the halfling. 
“You two will just go crashing through the forest like a couple of lumbering oxen. Whoever, or whatever, it is will hear you coming from a mile away,” he continued as he leapt off the wagon and deftly landed on his feet in front of them. “Leave this to a pro,” he said waving them back as he began to walk toward the gate.
“You plan on bringing the golem with you?” Aksel called after him.
“Sure. That’ll make sneaking around easy,” Seth answered, his voice laced with sarcasm.
“Well then, maybe one of us should hold onto the ring while you are out there?” Aksel replied pointedly with just a hint of amusement.
Seth stopped in his tracks, turned around, and began to walk back toward Aksel. 
“You know, sometimes you make too much sense,” Seth told the cleric with just a trace of cynicism in his tone. 
The moon was just beginning to rise to the east, and its silvery light bathed over them as they stood in the courtyard of the ruined keep. In that pale light, Glo could see Seth pull the golem ring off his finger and hold it toward Aksel. 
As the little cleric reached for it, Seth closed his hand over it momentarily and added, “You can have it for now…but I want it back.” 
Then he held his fist over Aksel’s outstretched palm and opened it, letting the ring fall into the cleric’s waiting hand. Seth then turned around, jogged to the open gate, and disappeared onto the hilltop. 
Glo glanced at Aksel, but the cleric had an impassive look on his face in the pale moonlight. Whirling around toward the others, Aksel addressed them.
“As for the rest of us, let’s start moving out toward that campfire.” His face took on a deadly serious look as he added, “However, let’s assume that whoever, or whatever, is there is hostile.” 
“Okay then,” Elladan replied, motioning for the group to gather around, “let’s talk battle formations.”
Glo cast a curious glance at Aksel, but the cleric just shrugged and moved in closer to Elladan, his serious look now replaced with one of curiosity. Glo drew closer as well and listened as the bard began to detail what turned out to be an ingenious plan.

Battle in the Dead Forest
The raw power in these two behemoths was frightening to behold.

Brundon woke up and found he still could not move. He was on his side, facing a roaring campfire, with his hands and feet bound. He could kick himself for getting caught in the first place. Now was not the time. He would berate himself later--if there was a later. For now, he needed to keep cool and keep his wits about him.
“He’s finally awake,” he heard a woman’s voice say. It was a woman’s voice, but it was very deep for some reason. Suddenly, a face appeared in front of him. 
It was most definitely feminine and attractive, framed in long black hair with deep brown eyes. But her coloring was slightly off. Then she smiled, showing her tusks. She was a half-orc! This just got a whole lot more interesting.
Putting on his best smile, Brundon said, “And what can I do for you now, love?”
“Oh, love is it?” she replied with a deep laugh, “Looks like we have a charmer here!” she said, turning her head and calling out behind her. 
As she looked back at him, Brundon gave her his best smoldering gaze and replied smoothly, “I just recognize beauty when I see it, and beauty comes in many forms. It’s not just in fair hair and pretty eyes. There is beauty in strength and muscle as well. From here, I see all that and more.”
The half-orc female paused as she glared at him, her eyes narrowing as she studied him. Then her face noticeably softened.
“Don’t let this one sweet talk you,” came a cold voice from behind the sensuous half-orc.
He was grabbed roughly and pulled into a sitting position. Brundon surveyed his surroundings. He was sitting in the middle of a camp. There were two covered wagons and a campfire in the center. Two men moved around the camp, and a third sat by the campfire, but in front of him stood a man in dark robes. 
The half-orc female was now standing to one side. She was muscular, but instead of detracting from it, it actually accentuated her femininity. Despite those tusks, this woman was sultry in a way that put other women to shame. She was not to be trifled with, however. From her studded leather armor and the long curved blades hanging from her belt, this woman was a warrior.
“Like what you see?” she said, smiling at him temptingly and then glancing down at her body. 
Brundon could not help but smile as she gazed back up at him. “So far.”
The half-orc’s eyes widened for a moment, and then she actually blushed. His flirtation with her was interrupted at that point by the man in dark robes.
“Enough of this frivolity,” he said in a contemptuous voice. 
Brundon turned to look at the man. Strangely, he could see nothing of him under his dark robes and hood, but the man, if that is what he was, was of average height and build. Also, the voice sounded human. 
“Wondering how you got into this mess?” the dark-robed figure said in a condescending tone.
Yeah, Brundon berated himself. I got careless.
“Quite careless of you, wasn’t it?” said the figure, mimicking his thoughts. 
Brundon stared at the man. That was probably nothing more than a lucky guess. Unless, of course, this “man” was some kind of dark mage. If that was the case, then mind-reading was a valid option. 
“You are wondering if I am reading your mind no doubt,” the figure laughed. It was a cruel sound. “Not exactly. Let’s just say I am talented at studying people and their reactions. You are in a particular predicament and are reacting in a typical manner.” 
Brundon did not trust this man. He, too, made a quick study of people. That might be his only advantage right now. Let the man think he had him where he wanted him. Brundon purposely relaxed his body, making it appear that the man had assuaged his concerns. 
“Now, that’s better,” the man in black robes said. “All you have to do is answer a few of my questions, and you will be set free.” 
Right. More likely that you’ll slit my throat. “Sure. What do you want to know?” Brundon replied, trying to sound like he believed him.
The dark-robed man shifted his posture. Now he had relaxed a bit. He was buying Brundon’s act. 
“First of all, who are you?”
“I am Brendan, a tracker. I am a mercenary for hire from the town of Ravenford.” 
He knew enough to never give his real name to anyone, especially not a dark mage, if that is what this figure indeed was. If a mage knew your name, they could use it to control you. Brendan was close enough to Brundon that it slipped off his tongue as if it was true. Brundon knew the best lies were hidden in half truths.
“Ravenford, you say. Interesting. And who are those that you travel with?”
“They don’t have a name as a group. Some folks call them the Heroes of Stone Hill.” Again Brundon would tell as much of the truth as he could to allay the man’s suspicions.
“Heroes of Stone Hill?”
“Yes. They raided Stone Hill a few weeks ago and killed a dark wizard and his minions.”
“A dark wizard? Would you happen to know this wizard’s name?”
It would not hurt to tell him the wizard’s name. He was dead after all, and it would add more credence to his story. “Telvar,” Brundon replied truthfully. “His name was Telvar.”
“Telvar. Yes, I believe I have heard of him. A third rate wizard at best. Do you know what this wizard was doing at Stone Hill?”
“He was creating…golems or something,” Brundon answered slowly, trying not to sound too knowledgeable. “Stone golems, I believe,” he added, acting as if he had to think hard to remember.
“Telvar? Creating stone golems? I think not!” the man said, clearly disbelieving Brundon’s story. So he did know of Telvar. According to Glo, Maltar had much the same opinion of the now dead mage.
“Well, not exactly creating them…” Brundon amended, feigning a worried tone. “He might have found them…at least that’s what I think they said; but he had two,” he finished, trying to sound helpful.
The figure was silent for a few moments. 
Brundon changed his facial expression from one of eagerness to worry as the empty looking cowl stood in front of him. He wanted to appear like he was being helpful but was also afraid of being hurt for giving the wrong information. It was a precarious role he was playing, but he was good at playing roles. 
Finally, the black robed man spoke again. “What happened to these two golems?” he said curtly, a trace of skepticism still in his voice. 
Brundon realized this was a delicate point in the questioning. Whether his interrogator believed him or not, he was obviously rapt in his story. If he could twist it around so that the man believed the party did not have a golem, then that might give them a surprise advantage in the battle that was sure to come with these folks. Putting on his best game face, he responded. 
“Well, the party I was with destroyed the first golem, but they managed to trap the second one. That’s why they came back here, to get the second golem.”
“You say they destroyed a stone golem?” His voice was filled with disbelief.
“Yeah,” Brundon told him truthfully. “They found its control ring and smashed it.”
“Really?” the figure replied, pausing as he mulled over the possibility. “That is actually quite clever,” he finally continued. “And they came back to get the second one?”
“Yes,” Brundon replied, still doing his best to sound helpful, yet scared. “They thought they had figured out the password on its control ring.”
“And did they?” the robed figure’s voice rose just a bit as he asked the question.
Here it was. This was that crucial moment. “No,” he said flatly, letting his shoulders droop, feigning disappointment.
The figure was quiet for a moment or two. Then a cold, soft laugh came from underneath the dark cowl. “Excellent.”
“So now, tell me about this group from Ravenford.”
“Well, they have a wizard, a cleric, and a huge warrior,” Brundon ticked off one by one.
“Is that all?” the man in black robes pressed.
“They also have this bard. He’s a real showoff. And there is a little snot halfling. He says he’s a ninja or something, but he’s really some kind of second rate thief,” Brundon told him, allowing a trace of annoyance to seep into his voice. That was not hard. He really was annoyed at Seth.
“Are there anymore?”
“Just one. Another warrior in full plate. He’s another mercenary for hire,” Brundon told him acting as indifferent as possible.
“Humph,” the half-orc snorted contemptuously, “probably one of those dime a dozen types you find at any local tavern.”
Brundon suppressed a laugh. Delgron would have been outraged had he heard that.
“And that’s all of them?” the man said, stepping closer, a menacing tone in his voice.
“That’s it. I swear,” Brundon replied, acting as nervous as he could. Even allowing his body to tremble just a bit.
He noted the robes shift up and down a bit. The figure underneath was laughing silently at him. Finally, he spoke again. “Tell me about the wizard.”
“Well, his name is Glolindir. He’s an elf, from the west. He’s an apprentice of the wizard Maltar.”
“Maltar?” the man in black’s voice took on a slight edge. “He’s involved in all this?”
“No,” Brundon replied. He didn’t want the man to think he had anything to worry about from the group. “He just trains the elf.”
There was a short pause then the man in black robes said smugly, “Okay then, an apprentice of Maltar’s. That I can deal with easily.”
“And this warrior. What of him?” the black robed figure continued his questioning.
“He’s a big one. Really strong. But he’s slow as an ox,” Brundon lied smoothly. “Just don’t let him hit you, and you’ll be fine.”
“No worries there,” the half-orc female warrior said confidently. “I’ll take care of that one.”
Now that will be quite a battle. This half-orc warrior looked like she knew how to handle herself; and half-orcs were notoriously strong. She might indeed prove a match for Lloyd. Hopefully that little bit of misinformation he had just fed them would make the difference.
“Very well,” the man in black replied. Something flashed over on a make-shift table behind the man. As the cloaked figure turned around and walked over to it, Brundon got a better look at it. It was some kind of crystal ball. “Well, they’re coming,” the black robed figure announced.
“Good,” the half-orc replied confidently. “That’s better than having to hunt them down.”
The man whirled around and walked back to stand over Brundon. “Now you stay here until we get back.”
“I thought you were going to let me go?” Brundon cried, doing his best to appear upset.
“First we need to make sure the information you gave us is accurate,” the man said with thinly veiled contempt. “If your information is good, then we will set you free as promised.” 
With that, the two captors walked off. It appeared that the man had bought his story. Hopefully those little twists of truth would buy his comrades the edge they would need in this upcoming battle.

Seth sat up in the branches of a tree just above the outskirts of the camp. He had taken to the trees after sensing something large and strange in the forest below. It was a good thing, too. When he finally spied what it was from above, he realized it was an earth elemental! 
Those creatures were deadly opponents on the ground. They moved through the earth as easily as people did through air. They could sneak up on you underground and grab you before you knew it. More than that, they were strong, made of dirt and rock, and once they got a hold on you, breaking away was near impossible. 
From his perch above, Seth was certain that the creature had caught Brundon. Sticking to the treetops, the little ninja leapt his way toward the glow of the campfire ahead. Now he sat well above the camp. 
When he first reached the encampment, Seth immediately spotted Brundon. He was tied up next to the fire. A man in black robes and a female half-orc dressed in warrior’s garb were standing over him. There were three other men moving around the camp as well. He made out a bowman by the fire loading his quiver with arrows. 
Seth looked back at Brundon. He was too far away to hear the conversation, but he had a good vantage point from here and could see the entire camp. He thought it best to remain hidden until an opportunity arose. Then he would enter the camp and free the captured tracker. 
He didn’t have long to wait. An object flashed in the middle of the camp. It sat on a makeshift table next to a covered wagon. It looked like a crystal ball. He saw the robed man turn away from Brundon and go over to it. Then the man called out to the others and everyone in the camp went to arm themselves. 
Seth was starting to think that maybe he should go back and warn the others when he caught a slight movement out of the corner of his eye. He slowly turned his head and saw a dark bird perched on the branch right next to where he was sitting. The bird looked familiar. 
That was it! It was Glo’s familiar. Glo had said that Raven was circling the camp. It must have spotted him in the tree and recognized him. She was supposed to be intelligent after all. So it must have decided to land next to him. That was quite fortuitous. 
The halfling reached into his backpack and pulled out a small piece of parchment and a thin piece of charcoal. He scrawled a quick message and then tied it to the bird’s leg. Then he waved the bird off, saying “Go”. Raven quietly took off into the darkness. Now that was a smart bird. 

The small company moved along through the forest in the formation Elladan had laid out. They were in a wedge with Lloyd and Delgron out front, Glo and Elladan just behind, and Aksel in the back riding in the wagon. The Boulder walked next to him. They moved at the fastest pace The Boulder could travel. 
Without warning, a small dark shape came winging out of the sky and landed on Glo’s shoulder. It was his familiar, Raven. She said, “Tuulo' Seth, Tuulo' Seth.” From Seth, from Seth. 
Glo examined the bird and spied a small piece of rolled parchment tied to her leg. “There’s a note,” he called softly to the others as he removed and unfurled the parchment. He read it aloud. “Brundon caught. 1 black mage, 3 warriors, 1 archer, 1 earth elemental. Headed your way.”
“Well, gentlemen,” Elladan nodded slightly and pursed his lips, “it sounds like they know we’re coming.” 
“Then let’s not disappoint them,” Lloyd replied in a deadly serious tone.
“No, let’s not,” Elladan agreed as a wry smile crossed the bard’s face. 
As Glo looked curiously at the bard, Elladan motioned for everyone to gather around closely as he began to detail an impromptu plan. 

The party entered the north side of the clearing where the campsite was. They could see the glow of the campfire behind some brush and the outline of wagons at the southern end. Otherwise the area looked deserted, meagerly lit by the silvery moon that had now risen above the treeline. 
They were still in a wedge formation with Lloyd now solely in the lead. Delgron was on his left, and Glo was on his right. Aksel and Elladan were both in the wagon and the back was covered with a canvas sheet. The Boulder was nowhere to be seen. 
A sudden whizzing sound caught Aksel’s attention. His gnomish eyes barely caught sight of an arrow as it was about to make contact with Glo. He had no time to even shout out a warning as the projectile found its mark. Instead of embedding itself into solid flesh however, the arrow passed right through the elven wizard and his image faded away as if it were never there, leaving a riderless horse in its place. 
The ground in front of the wagon began to shake. It broke apart, and two large hands reached up and grabbed the horses stopping them in their tracks. The spooked animals whinnied in fear but could not break the grasp of those large hands. A huge form rose out of the ground. It slowly grew to its full ten feet, looming menacingly over the frightened horses and the wagon’s passengers. 
It was the earth elemental, Aksel knew, although his knowledge of the situation did nothing to assuage his fear.
“Now!” Elladan yelled, suddenly standing up, reaching back, and pulling the tarp off the back of the wagon. 
“Attack the elemental!” Aksel yelled as he forced down his fear and rose up. The wagon rocked wildly as a large form popped out of the back. Elladan and Aksel almost fell over as they reached down and held on for dear life. The large form swung one huge leg over the edge of the wagon, tipping the cart wildly as it did so. 
As Aksel continued to hang on, he caught a glimpse of the earth elemental letting go of the horses. Swinging his head back, he was just in time to see the large form swing its other leg over the side of the cart and land on the ground with a huge thud. The wagon rocked wildly in the opposite direction, and for a moment it was all he and Elladan could do to hold on without getting ejected from their seats. 
As the wagon finally righted itself, the young gnome looked up and saw the earth elemental lumbering forward to meet its surprise foe, The Boulder. 
As the two behemoths approached each other, Glo popped his head up out of the back of the wagon. “Wild ride there,” the elf commented. “So did it work?” he asked as he glanced around the field in front of them.
“We’re about to find out,” Aksel replied earnestly, his eyes glued to the stone golem and earth elemental as they reached out and locked hands, stopping each other in their tracks. The two creatures began to visibly strain as they threw their titanic weight against each other.

In front of the formation, a dark figure rushed out of the bushes. Whatever it was, it was fast. If Lloyd had not been previously warned, he might have been caught off guard. The young warrior was ready for something like this. 
As the rushing figure launched itself up at him, Lloyd hunched down slightly. With a quick backwards motion, he flipped himself out of his saddle and out of the way. Arching over the back of the horse, Lloyd landed in a crouch a couple of yards away. 
As he righted himself, he drew his blades and scanned the area for his enemy. He immediately caught sight of him coming out of a tumble a few yards away. 
As the figure spun around to face him, he got a good look at his foe. Illuminated by the moonlight he was startled to see his attacker was a female. Though she was very muscular and perhaps a bit too tall, her soft face, long black hair, and curvy figure all screamed that she was most definitely female. 
For a brief instant, Lloyd thought she was very attractive. She snarled at him, and her two tusks protruded from behind her sensuous lower lip. 
A half-orc! he realized immediately. It all made sense. 
“And here I thought you were slow!” she cried as she unsheathed two wicked curve blades from either side of her wide leather belt.
“Well, you’re pretty quick,” Lloyd replied in clear admiration as he shifted his footing in preparation for the coming attack.
“As are you,” the half-orc responded with a wicked grin as she, too, adjusted her stance.
Then, without warning, both warriors launched themselves across the intervening space between them, weapons raised and battle cries on their lips.

As Glo surveyed the area, his attention was drawn by two cries out in front of him. Twenty yards ahead, Lloyd was engaged in battle with an opponent. Glo could clearly see the two warriors’ blades flashing in the moonlight as they exchanged blows. 
Their moves were lightning! Whoever this opponent was, he was just as fast as Lloyd. In the dark he could not get a clear look at the other warrior, but he could tell the figure was almost as tall as Lloyd, though not quite as broad shouldered. 
A sudden flash of silver out the corner of his eye caused Glo to turn his head. Off to his right he saw the silver armored fighter, Delgron, facing off against not one but two figures! The warrior seemed quite able at fending off their staggered attacks with his shield while still swinging back effectively with his own long sword. 
Bam! Bam! Glo almost jumped where he stood as the two large booms washed over him and the ground underneath the wagon shook below him. He swung around to his left and saw The Boulder shrugging off a two fisted attack from the earth elemental. 
In response, the stone golem wound up its huge grey arms and struck back with frightening speed. Bam! Bam! The earth elemental shook visibly from the double attack, and he heard the sound of pebbles hitting the ground at the feet of the large creature. The raw power in these two behemoths was frightening to behold. 
As mesmerizing as the battle was, Glo realized he had still seen no sign of a black mage. Wrenching his eyes away from the struggle, he began to scan the area for a figure in black robes, which was not an easy task in the dark. Though he strained his elven eyes, he saw no sign of any such figure. 
“Do you see the mage?” he asked as he climbed out of the wagon and into the front seat between Aksel and Elladan.
“No,” came the dual reply from either side of him. 
A strange feeling came over the young elf, as if a small voice inside were warning him of impending danger. Without knowing why, Glo looked up and saw a sudden red flash in the dark sky above. Glo went cold inside as he immediately realized the danger they were in. 
“Out of the wagon! Now!” he yelled frantically, thinking it might already be too late. Glo was not sure what happened next. His instincts must have kicked in. He vaguely remembered reaching back to grab Elladan with one hand and pushing Aksel off the wagon in front of him with the other as he launched himself over the edge of the cart. 
Somehow he had managed to drag the bard with him. The next thing he knew, the three of them landed in a heap a couple of yards away from the wagon. 
Baroom! There was a sudden flash of light behind them, and a rush of heat passed over them. As he lifted himself off the ground, Glo turned to see the wagon explode in flames. 
The horses, already frightened by the two huge earth creatures struggling next to them, had barely been held in check by Elladan. Now the terrified animals bolted away, dragging what was left of the burning wagon bumping across the clearing and out into the dark woods beyond, disappearing from sight.
"What was that?" Elladan exclaimed, rising to his feet and staring after the disappearing wagon.
"Black mage," Glo replied through clenched teeth as he, too, stood all the way up and began to scan the sky. Looking in the direction where he had seen the first flash, he thought he could barely make out a black figure hovering against the star studded backdrop. 
"Where?" Elladan asked, the tension obvious in his voice.
"Up there," Glo nodded his head toward the direction he was looking as he began an incantation. Lifting his finger and pointing toward the floating figure, he spoke the words “Radius Ardens”. 
A red hot ray of light leapt from his finger directly toward the black figure hovering in the sky above. It raced through the night, climbing up toward the form, and looked like it was going to hit. A few feet before it connected, the ray flashed out of existence.
“Dragon dung,” Glo swore. “He’s out of my range.”
“Then let’s try arrows,” Elladan declared confidently. Unslinging his bow, the bard took aim at the figure hovering in the sky. Letting loose an arrow, they all watched with baited breath as it flew straight up toward the floating mage. The night swallowed the thin projectile, but they waited in anticipation of it reaching its mark. 
The reaction they got was not what they expected. They heard an evil laugh cascading down from the sky where the dark figure hovered above the trees. 
“He must be shielded,” Elladan said.
Shielded? Of course, he would be. It was a spell that encased the caster in an invisible protective shield which would absorb the damage from any sharp projectiles such as arrows or even missiles. This mage was clever and also a bit more experienced than Glo was. They were in a lot of trouble here. There was another red flash in the sky where the dark mage hovered. 
“Look out!” Glo cried as the three of them scrambled behind a nearby thicket of bushes and rocks. They had barely hit the ground when they heard another baroom accompanied by a bright flash of light. They could feel the heat rush over them, but yet again they were spared being burned. 
As Glo lifted himself off the ground, he saw that the thicket that had saved them was now completely in flames.
As the three of them stepped back, Elladan cried, "What the heck are we supposed to do now?" The bard’s exasperation was quite plain in his voice. "We can't reach him, but he sure can reach us!"
Glo exchanged looks with Aksel, but the little cleric just shook his head. 
"I don't know," Glo replied, shaking his head as well as he wracked his brain for an answer. "I just don't know."

Seth had been watching the camp as they prepared for battle. The warriors and the archer had moved off into the brush. The black robed figure stood in the middle of the camp casting spells on himself. Then the wizard grasped his cloak and launched into the air disappearing into the blackness of the sky. Interesting, a flying cloak. That must come in handy. 
The halfling scanned the camp until he was sure that everyone was gone except for Brundon. Then he wrapped his cloak around himself and became invisible. Seth leapt down from the tree where he had been hiding. He cautiously circled once around the camp just to be certain no one was still lurking there. Finally satisfied, he approached Brundon. 
When he got next to him he whispered, “Don’t move.”
“Took you long enough,” Brundon whispered back impatiently.
“Well, at least I didn’t get caught by an earth element,” Seth shot back as he pulled out a knife and to cut through the ropes binding the tracker’s legs.
“Touché,” Brundon admitted with an ironic lilt in his voice. “That was rather stupid of me. Hopefully I was able to buy the group an advantage.”
“How’s that?” Seth asked quizzically as he moved to get behind Brundon and get at the ropes binding his wrists together.
Brundon explained how he managed to slip in misinformation to his captors during his interrogation. Seth had to stifle a laugh to avoid cutting the tracker’s wrists as he sliced through the rope binding his hands.
“Well played, Brundon,” Seth noted admiringly as he stepped back and away.
“Easy, Seth,” Brundon replied as he rubbed his arms and legs where the ropes had bound him. “That could have been mistaken for a compliment.”
Seth was about to retort when the sounds of battle reached the two of them. He turned around to look but could see nothing of what was going on from here as a thicket of bushes surrounding the north side of the camp blocked his view.
“Sounds like it’s begun,” Brundon noted as he slowly began to rise.
A trail of flame crossed the air, arcing down in the direction the sounds of battle were coming from. Seth followed the trail back in the sky and thought he could just make out a black figure floating in the air just above the trees. 
“Will you be okay here?” Seth turned to ask Brundon. 
The tracker was now standing next to one of the wagons. He was holding a bow and quiver in one hand and a belt with a sword sheathed to it in the other. 
“I’ll be fine now that I have these,” Brundon replied.
“Good,” Seth replied with a nod. “I have a wizard to kill.” Without another word, Seth took off at a dead run in the direction he had seen the floating figure in the sky. Quickly reaching the edge of the clearing, he launched himself up into the trees. 
As he climbed upwards, he saw another streak of red light, but this one came from the ground. It headed upwards toward the area of sky where he had previously spied the black figure. 
That must be that fire ray spell of Glo’s. Unfortunately, the ray faded just before it reached its target. It had momentarily lit up the section of sky the dark form was in, allowing Seth to confirm the location of the evil mage. 
Grinning darkly, Seth continued to climb until he was nearly at the top of the tree. Just as he reached the last few branches, he heard the whizzing sound of an arrow nearby. He could not pinpoint its location with his eyes, but from the sound of it, the projectile was headed toward the floating mage. The sound stopped, but instead of a groan or a cry of pain, the mage let out an evil laugh. 
Seth stared in the direction of the sound as he pulled out his venom knife. He could barely make out the dark form; it looked like a small black patch in the surrounding dark sky, the only differentiating factor being the lack of stars in that area. 
He was just about to let loose his dagger when a bright ball appeared out of thin air right in front of the figure. He’s casting another spell. A wicked smile spread across the halfling’s face. As the small ball of fire momentarily coalesced at the dark mage’s fingertips, his silhouette was outlined by the bright spell. 
Gotcha! Seth adjusted his aim as the small fireball sped away from the floating form. In one swift motion, he let loose his dagger sending the knife straight toward its unsuspecting target. A high-pitched scream erupted from above the air above him. The dagger had found its target! 
“Venom, scumbag,” Seth said with satisfaction.

“Ahhhhhhhh!” came the cry from above. Glo looked up and realized it had come from the direction of the floating mage.
“What in the heck was that?” Elladan yelled from beside him. “Did you do something?”
“Not me,” Glo shook his head.
“Look!” Aksel cried from the other side of Glo. Following the cleric’s pointing figure, he saw that the dark form could now be seen floating well below the tree line. It was clearly silhouetted by the campfire’s glow. There was something strange about the figure. It seemed to be wobbling erratically in midair. 
“It looks like there’s something wrong with him,” Elladan cried, clearly amused by the sight as he chuckled.
“Well, either way, he’s in my range now,” Glo declared emphatically. “Let’s see if we can add to his discomfort.” 
Glo began his incantation. As he finished, he pointed his finger at the wobbling figure and repeated the words “Radius Ardens”. Once more, a beam of light arced from his hand and raced toward the figure flailing in mid-air. This time it hit its intended target with a satisfying flare. 
“Arrrrrrrrrgh!” the figure cried as it momentarily lit up. Small trails of flame sprouted across the wobbling form, and Glo could not help smiling with satisfaction.
“My turn,” Elladan said as he cocked an arrow and took aim with his longbow. He pulled back the shaft and let the projectile loose. The arrow was swallowed by the night, but the bard’s aim had been true. As Glo watched, the figure managed to right itself, but there was no reaction to the arrow that had been shot at it.
“Still shielded,” Elladan said.
“Haha, you can’t win! Just give up!” a maniacal voice trailed down from the black form as it began to float upwards.
“We’ll just see about that,” Glo declared ominously as he began yet another incantation.

Aksel had been the first to spy the floating mage mysteriously fall below the tree line and had watched with satisfaction as Glo had managed to peg him with a flaming ray. At the same moment, loud booms continued to sound from over to their left. The burning thicket that the dark mage had lit on fire illuminated the area well enough for Aksel to clearly see the battle between The Boulder and its opponent. 
As he gazed over now, the cleric noted that The Boulder had beaten whole chunks of rock and dirt from the earthen elemental. He watched with fascination as the stone golem hit the ground creature twice more with rapid blows from its huge fists. The elemental began to wobble where it stood. It was no longer fighting back and instead began to shake violently. Then without warning, the earthen creature simply broke into pieces that went tumbling to the ground. Aksel was elated! The stone golem had won the battle.

Across the field, Lloyd and his half-orc opponent were in a deadlock. Every attack he made, she countered, and every attack she made, he blocked. They were matching each other blow for blow. The half-orc halted for a moment, her ample chest heaving as she paused to catch her breath. 
“It’s been awhile since…I’ve had such…a skilled opponent.”
Lloyd, also breathing heavily, managed a smile. “I could say…the same.”
They stood there, watching each other cautiously as the two of them waited for their breathing to slow down to a normal pace. Then the striking female warrior spoke. 
“Too bad it has to end,” she said ominously, though there was a trace of regret in her deep sultry voice.
“Yeah. It’s a real shame,” Lloyd agreed earnestly. He had not faced such a challenging opponent since he had trained with his father. 
Until now, they had been evenly matched. Lloyd was tiring, and that was dangerous. One slip up and this agile half-orc would have him at her mercy; that was something he doubted she had very much of. 
Quickly weighing all his options, he decided it was time to try a technique. It would be risky, but if it worked, it would give him a distinct advantage. If not…he didn’t want to think about it. 
Lloyd inwardly prepared himself as he launched another assault on the half orc. Moving forward to engage her, he used a typical dual handed attack combo in hopes it would lull his opponent into a false sense of security. In the moonlight, he caught a glimpse of a smirk on her face as she easily parried each one of his attacks. This time, at the end of his chain of swings, he began his technique. 
Time slowed down for him as it always did, but he was deathly aware that around him nearly a second of real time would pass before he could carry out his maneuver. In that second, he was open to attack, and this half-orc was extremely fast. It was a serious gamble, his only hope being that her overconfidence would cause her to fail to react in time.
Indeed she must have thought that he had faltered. She cried in triumph as her blade rushed toward his unprotected flank. That cry turned out to be her undoing. She was a split second too late, and just as her blade was about to strike, Lloyd was able to sync his mind, body, and spiritual energy. 
As the half-orc warrior’s weapon was about to connect with his side, the world shifted around him. The she-warrior was no longer in front of him, and her blade had not hit its mark. He had done it! He had successfully moved his body through the ethereal plane and was now behind his opponent. 
He needed to strike quickly. His advantage would not last long. Lloyd whirled around and brought his right blade with him, swinging in a wide arc. 
She was right there behind him, exactly where he expected her to be. She was desperately trying to recover her balance after her blade passed harmlessly through the air where Lloyd had been a mere second ago. His blade caught her in the side, cutting through the leather armor and sinking deep into the flesh underneath. 
She screamed in agony and frustration, trying to whirl out of the way of the unexpected attack. She was not quite fast enough, however, as Lloyd’s other blade slashed across her exposed torso. She twisted her body out of the way. 
His opponent now injured and off balance, Lloyd continued his deadly assault. She managed to parry his next two attacks, but he noted that she was moving slower now. His gamble had worked. She was now seriously injured. 
In rage and frustration, she cried out, “How did you get behind me?!”
Lloyd did not answer. Instead, he concentrated on pressing his advantage, launching another deadly assault against his wavering opponent. His blades flicked and arced in a dance of whirling steel. 
Now slowed down and visibly bleeding from her wounds, she could no longer keep up with him. He ripped through her defenses and inflicted new wounds on top of the old. Quickly assessing the situation, Lloyd saw that the half-orc was now bleeding profusely. She appeared dazed and sweaty from exertion and the loss of blood. 
He began one more assault, slicing away at his opponent, but on the last swing, feinted and thrust forward instead. His blade went over hers and through her guard, sliding into her chest, catching her in the heart. 
She stood there for a moment, looking him directly in the eye. Breathing raggedly she said, “I still don’t know…how you got…behind me…” 
Then she dropped her weapons, and her body slid to the ground. 
As Lloyd stood breathing heavily, he watched his valiant opponent as she lay unmoving. Wiping the sweat from his brow, the young warrior finally breathed a sigh of relief. The fierce battle was over. His spiritblade training had won him the day.

At the same time Lloyd was battling the half-orc, Glo and Elladan were pelting the airborne mage with a combination of purple projectiles and arrows. Glo had run out of the flaming ray spells and had resorted to the missiles instead. 
The two of them continued their onslaught, but everything just seemed to bounce off the dark mage’s magical defenses. Their continual attacks were able to keep him from concentrating and launching any spells back at them. 
Glo was just wondering how much longer they could keep this up when the black robed figure screamed, “Ahhhhhhhhh!” He sounded as if he had been struck a mortal blow. He hung in the air tilted backwards, a silent scream toward the heavens. Then, finally, he plummeted toward the ground. 
Glo and Elladan exchanged a quick glance then took off at a run toward where the wizard had landed. 
As they hastened forward, Glo noted Delgron neatly finishing off the last of his two opponents with a slap of his shield followed by a thrust with his long sword. They did not stop, however, intent on reaching the fallen mage on the chance he might get up again. 
As they came up to Lloyd, the young warrior looked up at them from the body of his fallen opponent. 
“Where are you two going in such a hurry?” he asked, sounding clearly puzzled as he stood up and addressed the two elves.
“No time,” Elladan cried curtly as he continued running forward.
“Dead mage,” Glo added as he, too, passed the perplexed young man.
“Wait for me!” Lloyd cried, falling in behind them. 
As the three of them approached the body, they saw a small figure kneeling next to the mage. Lighting his staff as he ran, Glo held it out in front of him. The mysterious figure was Seth! The halfling looked up as the trio drew up sharply in front of him. 
“He’s dead,” Seth noted as nonchalantly as someone reporting the time of day. He had a wicked grin across his face as he reached out and pulled an object out of the lifeless corpse. Glo caught a glimpse of shining steel in the halfling’s hand and realized it was one of Seth’s daggers. 
As he wiped the blade off on the grass, Seth added, “That’ll teach you to never turn your back on a ninja.” 
Glo, Elladan, and Lloyd all looked at each other and then burst out laughing.
“Nicely done, Seth,” Elladan said in-between chuckles, his voice filled with clear admiration.
“Yeah. You saved the day yet again,” Glo acknowledged, nodding in deference to his kneeling friend. 
As Seth reached out and plucked yet another dagger from the still corpse, Lloyd added, “What does that make? Two wizards you’ve killed in the last couple of weeks?” 
“Three if you count that jackass Flibin,” Seth added wryly, looking up and winking outrageously at his three companions.
Glo chuckled at the halfling’s reference to Maltar’s smug apprentice. “Well then,” he said aloud, “from now on we are going to have to call you mage killer.”
As Seth wiped off the second blade, he repeated Glo’s words. “Mage killer,” he said slowly, trying the title out for size. Then he nodded his head as he sheathed his knife and looked up at Glo with a wide grin on his face. “I like it!”
Glo was about to respond when he spotted two figures coming through the brush behind Seth. They were walking toward them from the encampment beyond. 
Lloyd, Glo, and Elladan braced themselves as Seth shot up and whirled around to face these newcomers. As the two figures came closer, the light of Glo’s torch revealed their features. 
The man on the left was none other than Brundon. The tracker was walking along casually next to the second figure, a man with long brown hair and a close cropped beard and mustache. Glo did note, however, that Brundon held a sword in each hand and had a second bow and quiver slung over his back, while the second man appeared to be unarmed. 
As the tracker walked up to them, he said in his typical acerbic tone, “No worries, folks. This is Martan, and he’s already surrendered.”
“So then, is that all of them?” Elladan asked, looking around cautiously.
“I saw two warriors, a half-orc barbarian, Martan here, and the black mage in the camp,” Brundon counted off to his fellow adventurers. “Did I miss anyone, Seth?”
“That’s what I counted as well,” the halfling replied, nodding in agreement.
“You are both correct,” Martan acknowledged, looking back and forth at the two of them. “There were five of us altogether.”
“Well, I took care of the half-orc,” Lloyd announced to the group in general. “She was a tough one, but I managed to defeat her in the end,” he added with just a trace of regret in his voice. 
Glo was surprised to hear sympathy from the young warrior for an opponent. He guessed that although she was clearly evil, Lloyd was still able to admire her ability.
“And Delgron finished off the other two,” came a familiar voice from behind them. They all turned to see Aksel and Delgron walking up to join them.
“What happened to that elemental?” Brundon asked, looking around them. He seemed uncharacteristically nervous as he mentioned the creature.
“The Boulder crushed him into little pieces. Trust me, that thing is not going to give us any more trouble,” Aksel responded assuredly.
“Guess it was a good thing we had a stone golem then,” Seth noted, not actually saying “I told you so” but making it clear that it was his intent.
“Yes, Seth, it would have been quite difficult without it,” Aksel sighed as he acknowledged that his halfling friend was right after all about obtaining the golem.
Glo agreed as well, but this was no time to pat themselves on the backs. Something was nagging him about this company they had just defeated. He could not put his finger on it, but he had a feeling that they should find out all they could about the strange little group. The last member stood before them now and at least seemed to be cooperative. Perhaps he would be willing to shed some light on the subject. 
“Martan,” Glo said aloud, “just who were these people?”
As the brown haired man turned to look at him for the first time, a startled expression crossed his face. It disappeared as he responded to Glo’s question. 
“The called themselves the Black Adders. They are a sect of the Serpent Cult.”
“The Serpent Cult? And just who are they supposed to be?" Elladan interrupted, both annoyed and confused.
As Martan turned to look at Elladan, Glo noticed he had that same momentary reaction to the bard. Recovering, Martan told them, “It’s a group of mages who worship serpents. They mostly live in Serpent’s Hollow, but lately they’ve begun to travel all over.”
A group of mages? Glo thought. So then his instincts were right. This mage was not acting alone. There was definitely more going on here than just this small band they had run into. 
"So what you're saying is that these Black Adders are part of a much larger group?”
“Yes,” Martan nodded in response, his expression quite sincere. "They practice a dark magic which allows them control over all types of serpents. In fact, some of them can even change into snake form.” 
That was dark magic indeed. Serpents and snakes had long been associated with the darker side of the arcane. However, if these folks were shape shifters, and worse, could actually control large serpents, they were extremely dangerous. 
“So who was this particular mage?” Glo asked aloud.
“He was called Voltark,” Martan replied as he looked down at the still, black figure lying at their feet. “He was traveling to Ravenford with his crew,” he added absently as he stared at the inert form.
“Ravenford!” Glo exclaimed in surprise. Just what business could this dark mage have in Ravenford? He had a sudden cold feeling in the pit of his stomach. “Do you have any idea why they were headed there?”
Martan looked back up at him and shook his head slowly. “I am really not sure. It was just my job to guide them there. They didn't really confide in me much.”
“So you're not part of this Serpent Cult then?” Elladan asked the brown haired man curiously.
Martan threw up his hands in front of him. “Me? No! No way. Personally, I hate snakes,” he declared rather emphatically.
“Then how did you get mixed up with these folks?” Elladan pressed, a hint of disbelief in his voice.
Martan sighed heavily. “Well, that’s a long story,” he began then paused, trying to figure out how best to explain himself. He started to speak a few times but each time stopped himself. Finally, he threw up his hands and said, “Suffice it to say that I upset the wrong people and ended up in a jail cell in Kai-Arborus.”
“Kai-Arborus?” Elladan cried out. He looked visibly startled. Then his gaze softened as he stared at the newcomer. "Let me guess. You were hunting game in the forests nearby, and without any warning they grabbed you, hauled you back to the city, and threw you straight into a cell. And I'll bet you never even had a trial." 
Martan stared at Elladan, dumbfounded. When he finally recovered his voice, he said, “Yes. That is exactly what happened. How did you know? Were you there?"
"No," Elladan sighed deeply, "but I had heard the stories. The elves of Kai-Arborus have grown quite distrustful of the other races these days. And they are extremely intolerant of anyone encroaching on what they think of as their lands. You were probably only hungry and trying to feed yourself."
"Yes. That's true," Martan declared, nodding his head vigorously in agreement.
"Good archer, please accept my sincerest apologies on behalf of my brethren. I'm afraid that suspicion and distrust have taken the place of good sense with them of late. Alas, it is a pity for it was not always so." Elladan’s shame at the actions of his people was clearly written across his face as he looked Martan in the eye.
“Thank you, Elladan,” Martan said with a look of deep appreciation for the bard's kind words. "That actually means a lot." The archer paused a moment and then continued. 
"And to answer your original question, the Black Adders agreed to pay my bail if I would guide them to Ravenford. I didn’t have a lot of options at the time, so I accepted their offer. I didn’t care much for them and was hoping to go my own way once I got them to Ravenford.”
“More likely that they would have cut your throat when they were done with you,” Seth noted rather bluntly.
“You may be right,” Martan replied candidly as he turned to address the halfling. “They never did really trust me all that much.”
“Anyway, I think it best that you come back with us and tell your story to the Baron of Ravenford,” Aksel decided. “He is a fair man, and once he hears your story would be more than likely to let you go. Especially considering all the information you have just given us.”
Martan nodded his head in agreement and replied earnestly, “I thank you for your kindness."
Brundon interjected, “Now that we've settled all that, there is some food back at their camp. Perhaps we should all eat something and rest up before starting the journey back?”
“That is an excellent idea,” Aksel concurred.
They all followed the tracker back to the Black Adder’s camp and settled down around the campfire. As Brundon stood watch, Elladan and Martan prepared dinner for the group. Martan knew where everything was, and between the two of them dinner was ready in no time. 
Meanwhile, Aksel sent The Boulder to bring the bodies of their fallen enemies back to the camp, and Seth scoured the campground to see what he could find. 
Aksel healed Lloyd and Delgron while they waited. After a brief search of the bodies and the wagons, Seth walked over to Glo and handed him a book. 
“It’s Voltark’s spell book. I figured you would want it.”
“Thanks,” Glo replied earnestly, somewhat surprised by the sudden gift. Upon reflection, it should have been obvious that Voltark had a spellbook on him. This was the second wizard’s spellbook he had received in the last week. If this kept up, he would know every spell there was within a year!
“Also,” Seth added, reaching back into his pack, “there’s this crystal ball.” He held up a clear orb for Glo to see.
Glo bent forward and peered closely at the round crystal. Gingerly taking it from the halfling, Glo looked at the small round ball from all sides. There were no markings on it, and it remained clear. The elven wizard prepared and cast the spell for identifying objects, finishing with that single word, “Eandem”. He held up the crystal once more and concentrated on it. 
“Oh, that’s very nice,” he commented a few moments later. He had determined it was a scrying crystal. It would allow the user to peek in on what others were doing, no matter how far away they were. Of course, there were limitations to that, but to have one of these was quite a find. 
Seth had walked away and was now rummaging around inside the mage’s wagon. Glo strode over to it and peeked through the open doorway. He caught sight of the halfling fiddling around with an unopened chest inside.
“Thank you, Seth. This will come in very handy,” he called to his small friend.
Not looking up from what he was doing, Seth responded, “No problem.” 
As Glo watched in fascination, the halfling continued to fiddle with the chest. He was not working on the lock, but Glo heard an audible click.
“Blade trap,” Seth told him over his shoulder. 
Glo smiled. There was not much that got by Seth. The halfling began to work on the lock and quickly had it picked. Opening the chest, he looked inside, and his eyes lit up. He lifted out a silver helmet with large wings one either side of it. Seth walked over to Glo with it and held the helmet out to him. 
“What’s this?” he asked, a look of curiosity on the halfling’s face.
Glo took the helmet and began to concentrate. He tried for a full minute, but nothing would come to him. No images or feelings of any kind. 
When he opened his eyes, Seth asked, “Well?”
Glo shook his head in response. “Strange. I couldn’t get a reading on it. Let me try once more.” Closing his eyes again, the wizard tried to concentrate even harder this time. He was tired from casting so many spells, and his mind was not as sharp as it should be. Still, he should have gotten some kind of impression from the object, but there was nothing, nothing at all. Either he was severely drained or…this was some type of artifact! 
Artifacts, carrying so much concentrated magic, could actually defy detection, their own magic scrambling that of the mage trying to discern its identity. Glo was just about to tell Seth what he suspected the object was when he heard Elladan’s voice next to him. 
“That’s one beautiful artifact,” the bard announced. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen one quite like it.”
Glo was surprised that the bard was able to instinctively tell that the item was an artifact.
“They must have had this for a reason,” Seth mused, looking from the bard to the wizard.
Finally finding his voice, Glo replied, “Well, unless Martan can tell us, I don’t think we’ll be finding out any time soon.” Looking over the object one more time, Glo added, “If it’s all the same to you, I’d like to hold onto it until we can figure out what it is.”
“Sure,” Seth replied, shrugging his shoulders.
They were interrupted by a cry behind them. “Hey! Look at this.”
Spinning around, they saw Lloyd standing in the middle of the camp. As they watched him, the warrior launched himself into the sky. Disappearing up into the darkness, he reappeared a few moments later, flying through the camp just over their heads. Glo caught the wide grin on the warrior’s face as he flew past and couldn’t help smiling himself.
“He’s a natural,” Elladan observed, chuckling as the warrior buzzed them yet again.
“How did he…” Glo began, wondering how the young man suddenly learned to fly.
“It’s the mage’s cloak,” Seth answered him before he could finish his sentence. “I noticed Voltark using it to fly earlier. I thought Lloyd might like it, so I gave it to him.” 
Glo stared at Seth in amazement. First, the ring he had given Aksel. Next, the two spellbooks and crystal he had given Glo. Now this cloak he had gifted to Lloyd. It dawned on him that this was Seth’s way of showing friendship. Somewhere along the way, the halfling had come to think of them as his friends. And although he would never admit it out loud, he showed it through his actions. 
Glo shook his head. He wondered what had happened in Seth’s past to make him so cynical on the outside that he could not show his emotions. 
After a few minutes more, Lloyd landed in the center of the camp. He came flying through the camp a bit slower this time then stopped completely, hanging in midair near the campfire. Then the young man just floated to the ground, touching down softly on his feet.
“I told you he was a natural,” Elladan gloated as he walked over and clasped the large man on the shoulder.
Lloyd smiled broadly as the others gathered around him. “All I had to do is say the word Fugere and suddenly I was light as a feather. Then I just pictured myself flying, and before I knew it I was up in the air!” The young man was positively ecstatic, like a little kid with a new toy. It was a heartwarming sight, and they all enjoyed the moment before sitting down to dinner. 
The party camped out until daybreak, resting and regaining their strength. Since their wagon had been torched, they took Voltark’s. The Boulder had gathered their spoils from the keep, which they had dumped in the forest prior to the battle the night before. Now everything was loaded into the dark mage’s wagon, including the body of the dark mage himself. 
Aksel had insisted on bringing the body back with them. It seemed there was a spell he could use to speak with the mage’s spirit, but he did not want to try it out here in the open. He felt it better to do so in a safe environment, like Ravenford keep. 
Now Elladan and Martan sat in front of the dead mage’s wagon, prepared to drive it back to Ravenford. When everyone was ready, the companions set out from the Dead Forest and followed the east road back toward the seaport town.

It was midday when the company rode back into Ravenford. Glo, Aksel, Brundon, and Delgron led the way on their mounts. Lloyd was flying overhead, and The Boulder was marching alongside them. Elladan and Martan brought up the rear with the covered wagon, while Seth sat inside relaxing on his couch. 
The people of Ravenford came out in droves to see the sight. It was a parade. They cheered when Lloyd flew by and were in awe of The Boulder. The throng grew as they followed the company up to the castle, and a low chant of Heroes could be heard amongst them. 
The small company finally drew to a halt when they reached the front gate. There, they were greeted by their old friends, Francis and Relkin.
“Well, well, look who it is,” Francis said in obvious amazement. 
“Back victorious, I see?” Relkin added, staring in awe at the golem and watching Lloyd as he landed amidst the little group.
“Yes, as a matter of fact we are,” Elladan replied with more than a hint of pride in his voice.
Francis continued, “I recognize everyone except for your companion there, Elladan.” The guard nodded to the man sitting next to the bard.
“Oh, this is Martan,” Elladan replied as if introducing an old friend. 
Aksel, leaned forward in his saddle and added, “We need to take him to see the Baron. It’s rather urgent.
“Right then,” Francis nodded, his face taking on a serious expression. “I’ll notify him at once.”
As the guard went off to notify the Baron, Relkin called over to a group of guards inside the courtyard. 
Turning back to the companions he said, “You can leave your horses and wagons here if you like. We’ll bring them inside for you.”
“Thanks,” Aksel told the kind guard. He nodded to everyone, and they all began to dismount.
As Martan and Elladan jumped down from the wagon, Relkin asked the archer, “Just where did they find you, friend?”
“Over in the Dead Forest. These Heroes of Ravenford basically saved my life,” Martan replied rather loudly. 
The townsfolk nearest the wagon picked up on the name and began to chant it. The companions all stopped in their tracks and looked around as the chant spread throughout the crowd. The entire group of onlookers were chanting, “Heroes! Heroes! Heroes of Ravenford!”
“Well, that just happened,” Seth commented as he poked his head out from inside the wagon.
“I think I kind of like it,” Aksel noted, looking around at the surrounding crowd.
“It does have a ring to it,” Elladan agreed, smiling and waving at the onlookers all around them.
“I like it, too,” Lloyd declared.
“It is catchy,” said Glo, nodding to the people still chanting at them.
“I could think of worse names,” Seth also agreed as he hopped down from the wagon onto the ground next to them.
“Heroes of Ravenford,” Relkin declared, “would you care to follow me into the castle?” 
The Heroes were still smiling and waving to their admirers as they followed the guard through the gate and into the courtyard beyond.

Here ends Book One of
The Heroes of Ravenford
The story continues in Book Two
The Serpent Cult

