The Beautiful Ones

A Prequel 


By Lori Brighton




Copyright 2014 Lori Brighton
Smashwords Edition
www.LoriBrighton.com

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademark status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Cover art and design by Ronnell D. Porter
Editing by Martha Trachtenberg


Young Adult Books by Lori Brighton:

The Chosen Ones Series:

The Beautiful Ones: Prequel
The Chosen Ones: Book 1, coming Spring 2014!

The Mind Readers Series:

The Mind Readers: Book 1 (Ebook version is free!)
The Mind Thieves: Book 2
The Mind Games: Book 3
The Mind Keepers (Series-ending Novella)

The Matchmaker Series:

Make Me a Match: Book 1




The Beautiful Ones
A Prequel 
Lori Brighton



        Some say we’re special, and that’s why we’re kept in seclusion. Beyond those walls evil lurks and innocent prey would be lost in minutes. Gone. Destroyed. Forgotten. 
Others say the opposite: we’re locked away because there’s something wrong with us. If we roamed the outside world, we might taint the beautiful ones. A species so pure, that to merely be in their presence is a gift. 
As for my beliefs…I’m not sure. 
But I do know one thing: neither of those reasons explains why it is that they come for us only after we’ve passed the age of sixteen. Whether we want to go or not, we’re taken through those iron gates. Escorted away from the only home we’ve ever known, escorted to our destiny—whatever that destiny may be—never to be seen again. 


Chapter 1


They were coming today. I knew this as a fact. 
Rain, snow, wind, sun, every fourth Sunday of the month they came for us. The beautiful ones, as they’d been dubbed long before I had been born, would sweep into our fenced home and pick two, sometimes three of us. No one knew whom they would choose, or why, but most prayed it would be them. 
I tucked my woolen skirts under my legs and drew my knees closer to my chest, biding my time. I wasn’t looking for them as I huddled in my nest of leaves and twigs. No, I was looking for something much, much more interesting. Desperate, I leaned against the iron fence, my fingers tightening around the cold, rusty bars.
Just there beyond the hill, wavering in the crisp spring breeze, was a forest. Dark skeletal branches against a brilliant orange sky, the setting sun a fiery ball that balanced on the horizon like a mystical orb. Those trees would blossom soon. Even from far away I was sure I could see the buds. And then the scents would come, arriving on air that would change from crisp to warm, from musky to sweet. The intoxicating scent of spring. A time of hope, renewal, promise, but most of all…a time of mystery. 
I closed my eyes and attempted to conjure that scent. 
Barely there, hovering on the edges of my memory. I couldn’t stop thinking, couldn’t stop dreaming, and all because when I was ten years of age, on one particularly windy spring day, a few petals from a distant tree had floated over the wall. They were no larger than a fingernail, but I’d held those petals in my palm as if they were the greatest of treasures. And to me, they were. The velvety softness, that sweet scent, the most delicate pink in color.
All too soon they had wilted, dried and turned brown and brittle. Alive and vibrant one moment, gone the next. Their death had stunned me in some way that I didn’t quite understand. It had happened years ago and I could barely remember how they felt, but I still yearned for their touch. If something so tiny and beautiful could be out there, what else lay beyond the hills? How desperately I wanted to know. It was the year I’d started thinking…wondering. The year everything had changed and I was no longer content. 
Shifting, I settled upon my knees and gazed out between the bars at the setting sun, barely aware of the damp earth soaking through my thick skirts, hoping that if I looked hard enough I might understand this world, this life. Could I walk into that sunset? Keep going until I found a place of warmth, green grasses and utter softness? A place where flowers did not wither and die but grew in abundance year after year? 
I leaned forward, resting my forehead on the cool bars. Dirt. I tired of the dirt that surrounded us. That dusted the air and coated my legs and arms and face. Out there, the world changed. The dirt gave way to brilliant green grass. Trees turned with the seasons. The world didn’t remain a constant as it did here. 
To the others those trees in the distance were a way to note the passing of time. To me they were magic. To the others the world out there was something to fear. To me it represented hope. And just beyond, barely visible, the rolling green hills would be dotted with yellow flowers in the summer. Always. 
How far did that land stretch? What was out there? There was something amazing. I didn’t know what, but I could feel it in my bones and someday I would uncover the truth. 
The thorny branches around me rattled in warning. I stiffened, turning toward the tunnel that snaked through the vines. Yes, someday I would uncover the truth, but apparently not today. 
“Jane!” Tom whispered. “Jane, where are you?”
I relaxed, relieved I hadn’t been found. The bushes rattled once more. Tom cursed and I had to hide my grin. Tall and gangly, the older he got, the more difficult it was for him to fit into my tiny fort. 
“I’m here,” I whispered back. 
Two branches parted and a narrow, freckled face peeked down at me. His lips spread into a crooked smile that was more familiar than my own. “I knew you’d be hiding here.”
“Not hiding, just…thinking.” 
“Dreaming.” He said the word as if it was a curse, and perhaps it was. 
Unable to stop myself, I turned and gazed through those bars once more. I’d been hiding here for years, spotting the place when I’d turned fourteen. A hole in the thorny vines where most wouldn’t dare enter, just as I’d hoped. Only rabbits and the occasional squirrel used my retreat as their own. And Tom. He knew my hiding place because Tom was the only person who knew my secrets, my desire to see the outside world, my desire to escape. 
Or at least he had been the only one, until about five months ago. 
“Find another book?”
“Yeah.” I held up the leather-bound novel. “Jane Eyre.”
I shivered as he read the title. Coincidence? Magic? I wasn’t sure. 
“A character with your name,” Tom murmured. “Almost as if whoever left the book left it purposefully for…”
Me. 
He settled on the ground, his long legs tucked to his chest. So close that I could smell the earth upon his hands. He’d been working in the gardens. But it was his unease that I focused on, an unease that was almost tangible. For months now, in this very spot, I would find a book. I’d always assumed they were some sort of mysterious accident. Certainly they weren’t here just for me. 
I’d saved a few of my favorites; the only ones I could fit into a wooden box Tom had made me two years ago. I didn’t dare keep the rest, but buried them when I finished reading. Not that we didn’t have books in our small world. We had books on agriculture, farming and science. But nothing like these. 
Beautiful, wonderful stories. I’d have the book finished by next week, sneaking off whenever I had a spare moment. And next Sunday, dutifully, another book would appear. Although I worried someone had found my secret hiding place, I didn’t question the magic, only accepted it gratefully…until now. 
“I don’t like it, Jane. It’s odd, don’t you think?” He picked up the novel and frowned at it like it was one of the snakes that occasionally slithered through the small nook. “It was one thing when I thought someone was merely leaving them behind. But your name? It’s not safe.” He tossed it down with a thud. “If the others find out—”
“I’ll be okay. No one will find them.”  
He sighed and I knew this wasn’t the last of our conversation. “Is it good?” 
I picked up the book, holding it close to my chest. He was only asking to be polite. Tom hated to read. While I’d despaired when our schooling had ended a year ago, he had been only too happy to escape the stuffy building. 
“So wonderful.” Merely talking about the books produced a warmth in my chest that spread through my body and made me eager to read more, know more. In my books, at least for a short while, I could escape. “It’s about a woman who—”
A bell rang, the metal sound clanging through the courtyard. Although we’d been expecting it, the clamor startled us all the same. Instantly I stiffened, dropping the novel. “They’re already here?”
Tom grabbed the book, his movements jerky and frantic. “Yeah, coming. Sally was asking after you.” He tossed the book into the wooden box and shoved it under the brush, making sure it was well covered. “Hurry!” 
Without pause, he dove down the tunnel. We couldn’t be late. I started after his scuffed brown boots. As much as we wanted to be chosen, neither one of us would be so bold as to draw attention to ourselves and being late would draw attention. 
“Wait.” Tom stopped, glancing back at me, and forcing me to pause. Light pierced the branches, playing across his face. 
He looked nervous, which made me nervous. “What is it?”
“Happy birthday.” He held out his hand. 
Nestled upon his rough palm was a rose carved from a small bit of wood and attached to a piece of twine. I was startled for a moment, having forgotten that it was indeed the day of my birth, seventeen years ago. Even more startled that he was giving me a gift. 
“It’s beautiful.” I was almost afraid to touch it. I’d never been given anything so pretty, so delicate. 
“Here.” He shoved the piece forward, his cheeks flushed, the color clashing with his red hair. 
Crying was uncommon amongst our kind, but for some reason the sudden sting of tears burned my eyes. Unable to resist, I threw my arms around his neck. In the small space he couldn’t pull back and he was forced to endure my embrace. His body was stiff at first, but after a moment or two, he relaxed enough to awkwardly pat my back. We weren’t supposed to touch and could be reprimanded for it, but at the moment I didn’t care. Besides, I’d done worse. 
It was an odd feeling having someone’s heart beat against mine. Odd but comforting. I released my hold, taking the rose necklace with me. I’d read about birthdays and gifts in a book a month ago. Unsure if they were real or a myth, I’d told Tom in order to get his opinion. I certainly hadn’t expected a present. I placed the twine over my head, the wooden flower falling against my chest. 
“Best tuck it under your collar.” He started to reach forward, blushed again and pulled back. 
He’d been acting different around me lately and I had a feeling I knew why. The question was, how did I feel about him? 
I tucked the necklace under my dress, the twine itchy, but the wood smooth and warm between my breasts. “Thank you, Tom.”
“Sure.” He rubbed the top of his head, mussing his hair, obviously flustered. I had to bite back my grin. “We should get out there.” 
He didn’t wait but started toward that bit of light at the end of the tunnel and I could only watch him go. I cared about him, yes, but did I want to press my lips to his, to head to the couple’s cabin as so many ended up doing at our ages? Tom and I had always been friends, but now…now it was different. I pressed my hand to my chest, feeling the reassurance of the necklace. We received so few gifts and I was honest enough to admit I liked them. But did I truly like Tom as more than a mere friend? 
“Coming?” Tom called out over his shoulder. 
I leaned forward, pressing my palms into the damp earth, and followed him. As much as I wanted to understand my confusing emotions, it would have to wait. The beautiful ones had arrived. 
Tom lifted the branch that covered the entrance and we stumbled out into the brilliant sunlight. Momentarily blinded, I didn’t notice when the branch dropped, swiping across my arm and catching on my sleeve. A thorn pierced the cloth, scratching my forearm. 
“Ouch!” I cried out. 
Tom turned and with gentle hands, he untangled the thorny branch from my sleeve. “You all right?”
He was always there for me; he was my best friend. This close, with his kind amber eyes staring down at me, I could almost imagine him lowering his head, his lips brushing mine… almost, but not quite. Disconcerted, I jerked my sleeve down, covering the bloody welt that had formed across my skin. 
In our world, there was no room for ridiculous thoughts. “Yes, fine. Hurry.” 
I pushed him forward and we darted from the small patch of maple trees and into the warmth of the sun. Edging around the children’s ward, we raced across the commons, an open patch of brown dirt that stood in the middle of our small town. The sun was the only thing brilliant here, in this world of relentless dirt. Even my dress and Tom’s shirt and trousers were a light brown in color, easier to hide the mud and dust stains. We rounded the women’s dormitory and came to a skidding halt. 
Already the others were lined up—a sea of brown dresses against a backdrop of beige one-story cottages. There was a dorm for the females, a dorm for the males and a dorm for the babies that needed constant attention. Toward the back of the forty-acre property there was a garden and pastures with cows and chickens. In all, there were fifty-two of us enclosed within these walls. Fifty-two familiar faces, although upon occasion the beautiful ones would bring someone new into our tight fold. Someone from another compound who would tell us stories that sounded eerily similar to our own. 
Our days were spent taking care of our small homeland: cleaning, cooking, working as a group to provide for the whole. It didn’t leave much time to study, learn and improve our knowledge. Our positions were chosen for us at birth. Tom worked in the gardens. I was forced to spend my days in the children’s dorm, taking care of the small ones. 
And there, at the back of the property, just barely visible, was a cottage where men and women could meet and mate. It was the only designated building where men and women were allowed to be intimate together once approved by the elders, the oldest few in our group. The species must survive, after all. 
Once a babe was born, he or she was taken to the nursery. We did not live with our birthing parents and I’d never thought much about it… until I’d read the books. Now, the stories were making me question everything, and as much as I craved them, at times I wished they’d never arrived.
“Look normal,” Tom whispered. “And don’t talk too much”
I frowned.
“Your words are too big, too strange. It’s those damn books.”
I flushed, realizing he was reprimanding me for my reading once more. What did he know anyway? I couldn’t help it that the books arrived. And I couldn’t help reading them; they called to me. But Tom had always been content here, unlike me. Unable to stop myself, I glanced at that couple’s cottage once more. 
“You all right?” Tom asked. 
I tore my gaze from the cottage, embarrassed to be caught. “Yes, of course.” 
We could visit that building when we reached sixteen. Had Tom thought about taking me there? Visiting the couple’s cottage would change things and not only between me and Tom. 
Karen had gotten with child only last year after visiting the cottage. Bloated and uncomfortable, she’d almost died giving birth. Besides, I’d grown to like the children I watched. I couldn’t imagine going through childbirth, only to hand the babe over to another. That’s the way it was and always had been. But not in my books. No, in my books babies stayed with the women who gave birth to them. They coddled the children, loved them, adored them. 
We reached the others and my worries about the couple’s cottage fled.  
Sally grabbed my arm, jerking me to a stop. “Jane, Tom, do slow down! They’ll be here soon and we don’t want to cause a scene.” 
Of course not. Never cause a scene. I found a place in line, throwing her an apologetic smile. Although we were warned never to act out, I sometimes wondered what would happen if we did. Would they murder us on the spot? Merely shake their heads in disappointment? When I’d been thirteen I’d thought about kicking one of them in the shins just to see their response. Even now, the thought made me grin. 
Sally paced between the two rows, nervously flapping her hands like a bird looking for a scrap of food. “Straight line please, they’ll be here soon.” 
She wore the same brown dress we all wore, the same brown dress that blended into the dull dirt at our booted feet. We were a flock of boring sparrows. On her the dress looked even frumpier. She was bitter, angry that at twenty-two she still hadn’t been chosen. Angry that she was still here, looking after the children while others fled into another world, a hopefully better world. She wasn’t cruel, merely unhappy like so many others waiting to be picked. I wondered how I would feel if I was still here at her age.  
“Jane.” Sarah paused at my side, so thrilled, she practically bubbled over with excitement. “They’re coming!” 
With her wavy brown hair and soft brown eyes, she looked like me. Which shouldn’t have been surprising, considering she was my sister. Only two years younger, she’d been four when Mother had been chosen. She wasn’t my only blood sibling. There were two males across from us, twin boys aged fourteen. Justin, the younger, looked at me and grinned, while Kyle was gazing at the clouds in the sky, lost in some daydream. I smiled back. All of us had brown hair and brown eyes, just like Mom. Just like many of us here in the compound. I hadn’t a clue what our father looked like, although I suspected it was the same man who sired us all, as we looked so similar.  
Tom had moved into the male line and stood across from me. He’d changed so much in the past two years that at times I didn’t recognize him. That round face had turned lean and muscles had formed where they hadn’t been before, broadening his shoulders and making him look more like a man. He wrinkled his nose and stuck out his tongue, showing he was still that same old Tom I’d grown up with. A sharp burst of laughter slipped from my lips before I could stop the sound. 
“Shhh!” Sally hissed. 
Sarah straightened beside me. “I hope they pick me, I hope they pick me,” she whispered over and over under her breath. 
I rolled my eyes. Every Sunday when they appeared, Sarah repeated the same mantra, as if saying the words would help. I hoped they didn’t pick her for a variety of reasons. We weren’t close—no one was close in our world—but I still cared about her, and we really didn’t know what would become of us once we stepped outside that gate. 
But I had a feeling we had time. Mother hadn’t been chosen until she was almost twenty-three; incredibly old. So I wasn’t worried, even if after eighteen you became a spinster, and were treated like week-old bread. Sally was so old that most said she’d given up. But I saw that look that flashed across her hazel eyes. 
Hope. 
The same look everyone had, be it boy, girl, man or woman. Everyone wanted to be chosen. I’d even noticed the gleam of disappointment in Tom’s amber gaze last time they’d swept by him. Yes, everyone wanted to be chosen. Everyone but me. 
The commons area grew quiet and I knew by the shiver that swept over my skin they had arrived; a feeling I got every time they appeared. The line grew completely still, not a person dared to move. The wind shifted, a soft breeze sweeping from the sky and tugging locks of hair from my braid that tickled my face. That sweet scent…the same scent that always proceeded their arrival. Sweeter than the flowers on the breeze in summer. Unwillingly, I closed my eyes and breathed deeply. 
The bolt screeched back, and the gates were pushed wide. I caught only a brief glimpse of their fine carriage, a wagon and a handful of guards before they entered. Doctor Sam was first, which meant we would be getting medical shots. They never explained exactly what the shots were for, other than to say they would keep us from getting ill. Even though Doctor Sam was one of us, if much, much older, there was something about the way he avoided our gazes that made me uneasy around him. 
After Doctor Sam, who always shuffled hesitantly toward us, clutching his black medical bag like a protective blanket, came three beautiful ones. They swept inside as if they owned the place, everything and everyone inside of this fence. Their long dark cloaks swirled around their black boots, the determination upon their perfect faces intimidating. They didn’t speak with us, didn’t ask how we fared. In and out as soon as possible. There was no dithering about.
Ares, the oldest, always entered first, Bacchus only a step behind him. They were the leaders and the two older men had been coming to our home for as long as I could remember. But behind them walked him. 
Thanatos, he was named. 
Nineteen or twenty years of age, perhaps a little older, always quiet, never smiling, his head bent down, features hidden by the hood of his cloak. He’d arrived about a year ago. Where he’d come from, we hadn’t the slightest. He rarely spoke a word, and as I’d never properly seen his face I wasn’t quite sure if I should be terrified of him or not. 
Their boots thudded upon the ground, the mud splattering with their movement. The two older men wore brilliant clothing underneath their dark cloaks, colors the likes of which we’d never owned. Red and yellows, blues and greens. Colors that looked even more brilliant against their pale skin. They were like the rainbow I’d noticed only twice in my life, both times just after a thunderstorm.  
My heart thumped madly, my nerves growing taut, and I had to resist the urge to press my hand to my chest. I didn’t want to be left behind, yet I didn’t exactly want them to pick me. I didn’t know what I wanted. All I knew was that I’d die, just die if I was twenty-three and still here…trapped behind this fence.
The gates shut behind them with a thud that echoed across the countryside, stirring a flock of blackbirds from a nearby oak. Only three beautiful ones for the fifty-two of us, yet never had anyone tried to revolt. No, we wanted their praise. We wanted their approval because they were the ones who gave us shelter and food. They were the ones who could escort us out of this mundane life of beige. And I suppose we were all, just a little, afraid of being on our own.  
In the distance a bird tweeted, the only sound in our compound as the beautiful ones made their way slowly between the two rows. I barely paid attention to the two older men, but instead focused on Thanatos. A mere five steps away, his scent whispered toward me on the cool breeze… the earth and the rain combined, and underneath it all a scent that was purely his. He was tall, sinewy, strong, but didn’t wear the brilliant clothing of his friends. Dark shirt and trousers that matched the lock of hair that fell across the left side of his sharp cheekbone. 
As if he sensed the direction of my thoughts, Thanatos paused so close I could reach out and touch him if I was so bold. But I would never, ever be so bold. 
Why had he paused next to me? Why? 
The entire world disappeared as I waited. Slowly, he turned his head. It wasn’t his eyes or his mouth, or even something as mundane as his chin that first grabbed my attention. No, it was the thin scar that marked his pale skin from the corner of his left eye down across his cheek. 
Stunned, I could only stare. For a brief moment I wondered if the injury had hurt, but then I raised my attention to his eyes and all thoughts vanished. Not brown, or even pale green like the other beautiful ones, but almost blue. Ice-blue. A blue so pale it reminded me of the snow that had just melted only a month ago. 
I shuddered, a cold chill whispering through my body. My fingers curled into the rough material of my skirts as I resisted the urge to move. And suddenly I knew, for I could see the truth in his gaze… 
Me. He was going to pick me. 
He was going to pick me. 

Chapter 2


Sometimes at night I swore I heard screams coming from beyond that fence. Chilling screams that entered my dreams and woke me in a cold sweat. Startled and terrified, I’d stay awake for hours wondering what could make such a terrible noise. A trapped deer? I’d read about bears although never seen one. Perhaps a wild cat? Or was it something much less animalistic and much more human? 
Tom said they were merely nightmares. After all, no one else had ever heard the cries. 
But I wasn’t so sure. 
As I stood there chilled under Thanatos’s hard stare, I had a feeling I was about to finally find out the truth. 
“Anything interesting, Thanatos?” One of the other men approached. 
It was no longer just me and him. The rest of the world came harshly back into focus. I couldn’t help myself, and although we’d been taught to keep still, I shifted, feeling nervous and alone when I’d never been alone in my life. Why had he focused on me? Why? 
“No, Bacchus,” he replied quietly. 
His response surprised me, but it was his voice that shook me. It was the first time I’d heard him speak and the velvety smoothness sent a rush of heat through my body. Who was this man? 
I dropped my gaze to the ground, as if once I broke eye contact, he’d no longer have any power. He was rejecting me. I should have felt relieved; instead I felt strangely horrified, even embarrassed. When only moments before I hadn’t been sure if I’d want to be chosen, now I had the intense desire to demand he pick me. 
The man named Bacchus stared hard, those green eyes so cold it seemed as if the very blood in my veins froze under his gaze. Perhaps he wasn’t touching me, but it felt as if he did as he loomed like one of the few trees on the outskirts of our courtyard. But instead of finding welcoming relief in his shade, I felt only unease under the man’s attention. 
“You’re sure?” he asked, hooking his thumbs into the pockets of his brilliant red vest. When I dared to peek up at him, I realized he stared at me with the same sort of bored detachment with which our cook stared at our chickens when getting ready to cut off their heads for dinner.  
“Yes.” Thanatos turned and started down the row, dismissing me altogether.  
“A moment.” Bacchus stepped closer, only a breath away. 
I had to resist the urge to step back. His narrow face reminded me of one of the hawks that oftentimes hovered over our compound, hoping for an unsuspecting rabbit. I flushed, uncomfortable under his attention, and wishing Thanatos would return. Even he was preferable to this man. Closing his eyes, Bacchus breathed deeply, stirring the loose tendrils around my face. What was he doing? Helplessly, I glanced at Tom, but he merely stared wide-eyed back at me, unable to offer any assistance. 
A slow smile spread across Bacchus’s lips, an oddly terrifying grin. “The boy is lying.”
Thanatos spun around so fast, he was a mere blur. We didn’t have time to be startled as he collided with Bacchus and shoved him back…back into the iron bars of the fence, his hand at the man’s throat. 
“She isn’t ready,” he growled. 
Surprised gasps rang out amongst our group, the younger children latching onto the older ones in fear. Our lives were built around the same tediousness day after day, and most found comfort in knowing what would take place. In fact, the beautiful ones enforced repetitiveness. But this had never happened before, and their strange behavior terrified us. 
“Thanatos, Bacchus, enough!” Ares started down the path, his steps quick and thundering as his cloak swirled around him in a storm of black material. 
Stunned, none of us moved. Doctor Sam merely huddled within his cloak off to the side, mumbling to himself, of absolutely no help. The beautiful ones were always calm, always polite and reserved; we’d never seen them fight. I dared to slide Tom another glance. His face had gone pale, but I probably looked just as surprised. The entire group of our simple people formed a sea of colorless features. Something strange had happened. Something wrong. Something I knew without doubt was my fault. 
“Release him, Thanatos.” Ares rested his hand on the young man’s shoulder. 
But he remained tense and I had an unsettling feeling he would refuse. The desire to beg him to stop pressed against my lips, but I managed to keep my mouth shut. Surprisingly, he stepped back and turned his fierce gaze toward us. 
“Her.” Thanatos pointed at Sally. Just as quickly, his attention focused on the male line. “Him.”  
I jerked my gaze toward Tom, my heart denying what my rational mind knew for truth. They couldn’t take my best friend. How would I live here without him? I almost cried out in denial, had to curl my fingernails into my palms to keep from rushing forward and throwing my arms around Tom’s neck. 
“One more.” Bacchus was suddenly back between our two lines, his cold, angry gaze pinned to Thanatos. It was not a question, but a demand. He was out for revenge.  
“No,” Thanatos snapped back.
They stood face-to-face, and I worried they would fight again. Ares held up his hand, but in his cold eyes was an amusement that made me nervous, almost as if he enjoyed the games they played. 
“Who, Bacchus?”  
Bacchus lifted his arm and pointed directly at me, a gleam of triumph on his face. “Her.” 
The entire world seemed to grow silent, or perhaps for that brief second I’d lost all sense of hearing. Ares looked thoughtful for a moment as he studied me, but I could say nothing. A mere flower, I waited to see if I would be picked or crushed under unconcerned feet. 
Finally, he breathed deeply, smiled and nodded. “Very well.” 
With his final words left hanging in the air, he spun around and started toward the gates, Bacchus following. Sally rushed after them, eager to leave behind this world and start anew. Thanatos merely stood there glaring at me as if I’d somehow done something wrong. How had this happened? From the corner of my eye I could see Tom hesitate, then start toward the gates without me. 
“Children,” Doctor Sam called out, finally coming to life. “Line up. Time for shots.” 
But I continued to stand there. 
“Go now,” Thanatos whispered furiously. ‘It’s too late.”
Too late for what? My legs felt like boulders as I stumbled after them, following Tom’s broad shoulders, incredibly aware of Thanatos behind me. I dared to glance one last time at my brothers, who had already started toward Doctor Sam, at my sister who watched with wide, envious eyes and a dirt-smudged face. I’d been chosen. I was leaving this dull world behind. I was getting exactly what I’d always wanted…escape. So why did I not race after them in excitement as Sally did?  
The closer I got to the gates of freedom the louder my heart thundered. Although we didn’t touch, I could feel Thanatos behind me, a wall between my future and my past. At the fence I didn’t pause, knowing if I hesitated I wouldn’t make it. Closing my eyes briefly, I stepped outside the compound and into a new world, a new life.
I’d imagined this moment for years, day after day. I’d imagined racing through the gates and up those hills, into the flowers. I’d imagined exploring the nooks of the forest until I found the answers to my many questions, the reasons why I was here. But I had never imagined this procession of silence. 
I didn’t realize until I stepped outside that there was a wagon already filled with more people like us. A wagon that held ten men and women, all with the same slightly bemused expressions we wore, the same plain clothing and wary eyes. 
But the normal people in the wagon ahead weren’t what I found interesting. It was the guards I found fascinating. Men much like Thanatos with scars across their beautiful faces. Men who would have been stunning, if it wasn’t for their injuries. 
“To the wagon,” one guard growled, shoving me toward an empty bed. 
I stumbled, had to quickly regain my balance, and resisted the urge to shoot the man a glare over my shoulder. One day, after having had enough of listening to Sally extoll the benefits of being chosen by the beautiful ones, I’d cynically said that they probably took us back to their estates and forced us to become their servants. My negative comment had not been appreciated. 
“Up in the back of the bed,” another guard growled as he stood waiting impatiently. 
As we were ushered onto the bed of the second wagon while the beautiful ones headed toward their elegant carriage that led the procession, I wondered if Sally thought about my comment. 
Swallowing hard, I settled on the cold seat near the front, a mere plank of wood that rested along the side of the bed. I was more than surprised when Thanatos jumped onto the bench seat in front, sitting next to the driver. So close to me I could smell his intoxicating scent. There was no elegant carriage for him. I slid my gaze to the driver, feeling confused. He appeared much more normal, more like us, with his tanned skin and plain brown clothing. He didn’t bother to glance our way, but stared straight ahead as if he hadn’t even noticed our arrival. 
Yes, he was similar, but for one thing… he was older. Much older. Older even than Doctor Sam. The creases at the corners of his mouth and gray at his temples showed him to be startlingly ancient. I’d never seen anyone that old and found myself fascinated more by this man than my situation. Had I been right all along? Were we being taken back to their city to become servants like this driver?  
“Can’t believe we were both chosen,” Tom whispered as he settled next to me, his excited voice drawing my attention to him. 
I parted my lips, intending to ask his opinion of the situation when the guard shoving Sally toward the wagon interrupted. “Over there,” he demanded, glaring at Tom. 
Even here they intended to keep us separate. Tom gave me an apologetic smile and moved to the bench across from me. As the wagon jerked forward I was acutely aware of the fact that I had left everything behind: my clothing, my books, my friends. I lifted my hand to my chest feeling the wooden rose. But Tom’s necklace was still there…a small piece of comfort. I glanced at him but he wasn’t looking my way. No, he was too busy studying the passing scenery, obviously excited about our unknown future. 
The gates shut with a thud. 
Sally and Tom might be interested in the future, but I was more interested in the past. Just beyond those metal bars I could see the others standing there watching us. Only a few were in line for shots. I knew from experience they would stay there for a good ten minutes, wishing they had been chosen, wondering why they hadn’t, before they shuffled off to do their chores. 
Familiarity. Comfort. Home. I sat stiff and still, unable to look away from everything I had known, unable to look away from those dirt-smudged faces of my friends and family. As a few of them moved forward, peering at me through the bars, still locked away while I experienced the outside world for the first time in my life, I felt utterly guilty. 
I watched them until we moved up and over a hill, and they disappeared from view. Just like that it was over. Within a blink they were gone. With almost everything familiar out of reach, I felt lost, alone. I swallowed hard and slumped back onto my seat. I wasn’t the only one who realized the importance of the moment.  
Around me everyone grew quiet. 
Extremely quiet. 
The only sound was the rumble of wheels over dirt. 
They were nervous, yet I could sense their excitement. That was the difference between me and Tom and Sally. They were thrilled to have been chosen. They did not seem to question where we were going, or what would happen once we arrived. I, on the other hand, had a million questions racing through my mind. 
We started down a hill. No fence was in view. My home was gone, as if it had never existed. With nothing left to do, I studied my surroundings, trying to make sense of the odd situation. I’d been born for this moment. We all had. So why did leaving the compound feel anything but thrilling? 
“This is amazing,” Sally, whispered, clutching my knee. 
Seeing her so happy made me uneasy. Why, I wondered, couldn’t I just accept my fate as well as she and Tom? Why couldn’t I believe in the best, as they both apparently did? I fell quiet, lost in thought and worry. Maybe it was merely nerves making me uneasy, the thought of the unknown. 
“Don’t worry, Jane,” Tom whispered, leaning forward. 
I forced myself to smile. He knew me well, too well. 
He nodded toward the scenery behind me. “Look.” 
Reluctantly, I turned on my bench. We’d rounded a corner and the hills smoothed into gentle fields of green, dotted with yellow flowers that seemed to go on forever. A sight so beautiful that my nervousness fell to the wayside. 
Indeed, Tom knew me well. 
He knew what I needed, what I desired. I realized in that perfect moment that I was free. Free. Suddenly, the air felt cooler, cleaner. The world brighter. Reluctantly, I let my excitement grow and I found myself grinning as widely as the rest of them. 
“Amazing, right?” Tom whispered.
I nodded, too overwhelmed to speak. This was why I’d been so eager to leave, because I’d known there was more. So much more. A silvery lake crawled across the lowland, brilliant and sparkling under the sun. A beautiful, clean lake, unlike the brown murky water where our animals drank and bathed. My fingers tightened around the edge of the wagon, the desire to touch that cool water, to dip my toes into its clean surface, overwhelming. So many amazing things I’d never seen before; I could barely take it all in. 
“Look!” Tom cried out a little too loudly, forgetting himself. 
Although Sally turned her glare toward him, he barely noticed. I glanced up, following his line of vision. A brilliant rainbow arched across the sky. I sucked in a sharp breath. Was it a sign? Some sort of signal from a god I didn’t fully understand? 
“Beautiful,” I whispered. 
“You’ve never seen a rainbow?” Thanatos muttered harshly, without looking back.
We all froze, our smiles falling.  
He sat with his legs stretched out and his arms crossed over his chest. He still wore that hood and I could only see the tip of his nose. There was no doubt he was a beautiful one, yet there was something different about him, something other than the scar marking his handsome face. I glanced at Tom, who was watching me nervously. Sally looked ready to vomit. 
I had to answer him, didn’t I? “Y…yes. Of course. But a rainbow is such a thing that no matter how many times you see it, it’s still just as beautiful as the first.”
I wasn’t positive, but I was pretty sure he snorted in derision. 
I waited, nervously, but after five minutes without a vocal response, I realized he was perfectly content to go on ignoring us as he had most of the trip. 
“What were you thinking?” Sally whispered furiously. 
I pressed my lips tightly together, refusing to reply, and turned my gaze once again to the hills, finding comfort in the landscape. Maybe I hadn’t been thinking. No, when you saw something as beautiful as a rainbow you could only react naturally, from a place deep within. A place that was there, always nagging at me, making me want more, making me want this. And I could feel it…everything I dreamt about was out there, so close, within reach now. 
I wasn’t sure how much time passed, as I greedily soaked up the natural wonder around us, and my own nervousness gave way to the warmth of happiness. This was so much better than my books. Perhaps Sally had been right, maybe we were being rewarded. 
“We’re going to be so happy, Jane,” Sally whispered. 
I smiled, unable to help myself. The sun was setting, sending brilliant rays of red and orange across the sky. When we entered a thick forest, the light was all but gone. I tried to concentrate, not ready to let the excitement of the day go, but as the minutes went by my eyes grew heavy and my body exhausted. We’d be headed to bed already back at the compound. Up with the dawn, to bed with dusk. 
It was as I had just decided to give into my exhaustion that I first noticed the shadows moving through the woods. Instantly alert, I leaned forward, narrowing my eyes. Was it my imagination… No. There were people following. Or…animals…something within those woods running so fast they were a blur beside us. 
Startled, I glanced at Tom, trying to catch his attention, but he’d fallen asleep and was leaning heavily against the back of his seat. Sally, too, slept next to me. I studied the woods once more. They were still there, a fog of shadows swirling, practically blending within the darkness. My heart hammered wildly. What were they? I glanced at Thanatos. He was so close I could reach out and tap him on the back, if I so dared. As if sensing my attention, he glanced over his shoulder. 
Those icy eyes caught me off guard. “What is it?” 
Under his intense gaze, I could barely speak. “It’s…I just…”
Surprised by the sound of our voices, Sally and Tom jerked awake. I knew what they were thinking…how stupid of me to talk to a beautiful one. Didn’t I know when to keep my mouth shut? Apparently not. 
I cleared my throat, forcing myself to keep his gaze. “It seems as if we are being followed.”
He narrowed his eyes ever so slightly. I had thought, for a brief moment, that perhaps he might be angry at me for speaking up. But he merely turned back around and slumped once more against the seat. “They are guards.”
He didn’t say another word. 
I parted my lips to question him further when Sally pinched my arm hard. I gritted my teeth, glaring at her. She glared back. 
“Shut your mouth,” she whispered. 
Frustrated, I glanced at Tom, but he had the same look as Sally, a look that warned I’d get no support. I leaned back against the hard bench, and refused to hold Tom’s gaze. His lack of support bothered me, but then he’d always taken my side. 
Why? Why would we need guards? I turned my attention back to the forest, following the shadows. Beasts or humans? I couldn’t tell and I wasn’t sure I wanted to know. Perhaps they were dogs of some sort, for no human could run that quickly. I felt suddenly chilled, and it had nothing to do with the fact that the sun was disappearing below the horizon. The carriage burst from the woods and I glanced back, expecting to see the guards move from the trees, but I saw no one. 
“Fence,” Sally whispered. 
Sure enough, a tall iron fence rose from the hills, a fence that looked so familiar that for a moment I thought it had all been a terrible ruse and they were returning us to the compound. But no, this was a new place. A new compound. 
Startled, the three of us looked at each other. Where were we? The wagon slowed to a stop. Thanatos jumped from the seat, but he wasn’t paying attention to us, and I didn’t dare call out to him. The fancy carriage had stopped, and the beautiful ones were already outside, waiting. The wagon ahead filled with other plain people like us paused as well. 
“Out,” Thanatos demanded, turning toward us. 
I started to stand instinctively, thinking at first that he was talking to all of us and perhaps we were merely being transported to another compound. But no, he was staring at Tom. Tom, who stood slowly, his face pale, his expression bewildered.  
“Out,” Thanatos demanded, as two guards suddenly appeared, flanking his sides. “You’re staying here.” 
“But…”
Thanatos sighed, apparently in no mood for our questions. “You’re needed here. You will stay at this compound until we come for you again.” 
Tom glanced toward the gates, then at me. His hesitation hurt, made me cold inside. He didn’t want to leave me, and he didn’t want to return to that fenced compound any more than I did. Yet, Tom wouldn’t complain. Tom never complained. A split second later I saw the determination in his eyes. He would do what they asked, assuming it was for the greater good. Even if that greater good meant I might not ever see him again. He jumped from the wagon. 
“No!” I yelled out. 
Without thought I raced to the edge and leaped off the bed after him. 
Thanatos froze. The guards paused, frowning. Even Tom stilled in surprise. 
Seeing the commotion, Ares started toward us, his steps even and unhurried. “My dear, dear child.” He smiled, a thin and brittle smile that didn’t quite reach his cold eyes. “Do not worry. ‘Tis merely for a short while. You shall be reunited with your friend very soon indeed.”
I glanced at Thanatos, trying to read the truth, but he’d turned, his face hidden within the hood of his cloak once more. Dare I believe them? Not even Tom was looking at me. No, he stared at the ground, his cheeks aflame with a brilliant blush almost as if I’d shamed him. My despair grew heavy, stifling. If Tom wasn’t going to argue, what right did I have to fight? 
Ares rested his hand on my shoulder, startling me. “Now, say your good-byes.”
“Jane,” Tom said softly, stepping closer. “You’re different. You’ve always been special. But me…I’m nothing. I don’t stand out. This is my opportunity to be special.”
“Tom, don’t.” My voice cracked. 
“It’s all right.” He grinned. “You’ll see. This is going to be the best for both of us.” 
He dared to reach out and squeeze my hand. But he released his hold before I was ready to let him go, and all too quickly he was walking away, leaving me alone. The guards opened the gates, the hinges squeaking, revealing another compound, and more haunted, hopeful faces. Thanatos stepped behind Bacchus and Ares, and with Tom, they moved into the compound.  
“Back into the wagon,” a guard growled. 
Another guard with the scar that Thanatos wore. “What does it all mean?” 
His lips lifted into a snarl. “Get aboard now.” 
“Jane,” Sally whispered, urging me to listen. 
Swallowing down my demand for answers, I turned and hauled myself back up into the wagon, ignoring Sally’s anger as I settled next to her. Desperate, I spun around, gripping the side of the wagon and searching the compound. I found Tom easily, his red hair standing out amongst a sea of brown. He stepped across the fence line, into another world. And as he stepped over that invisible line, I felt as if he was gone for good...some ghostly being I was no longer sure was real or a dream. 
Tom thought we’d see each other again. He was sure of it. Even Ares had promised we’d be reunited. But when Tom moved into the throng of other beige people, disappearing from sight, I had an awful, terrible feeling I would never see him again. 


Chapter 3


The sun had long since dipped below the horizon and with night, came a chill wind that pierced my rumpled dress. Although the woman on my right side was someone I didn’t know, a woman who smelled oddly unpleasant, I didn’t nudge her away when she pressed close to me for warmth. Besides, she came from the compound where they’d left Tom, and for some reason being close to her made me feel closer to Tom in a strange way. 
Tom, whom I couldn’t stop thinking about. Couldn’t stop seeing him walking toward that compound, those gates closing. Tom, whom I had a feeling I would never see again.
The new ones had been excited when they’d first climbed into the wagon. But now, an hour later, everyone’s excitement had slowly turned into exhaustion and nervousness. Except for Thanatos; he was all ease as he stretched his legs out in front of him, his hood hiding his features. He might have even slept. His lack of interest angered me. It didn’t matter to them that they separated us from our family and friends. It didn’t matter that they kept us caged, not knowing what would come next. 
I had refused to cry when we’d left Tom, even knowing I would most likely never see him again. After all, Tom hadn’t even glanced back when he’d left, so eager to do his part and feel important. So why should I care? But I did care. Deep down, in some hollowed place in my chest, I felt heavy and cold, alone. 
The woman next to me nudged my arm. “Look,” she whispered. 
I glanced back. A stone fence had sprung up alongside the road, so unlike our tall iron fences that I knew we were somewhere completely new. This was no compound. My exhaustion gave way to wariness. I barely noticed the discomfort of the wheels hitting the cobbled road as we swept over a bridge and through a wide opening in the stone fence. Even Tom was momentarily forgotten. Around me, excited murmurs rose as curiosity took hold. 
And for a long moment I was just as stunned. It was a large town bordered by a river. Tall lamps lined a street that wove its way up a hill, sending a warm candlelit glow across the glistening stone. Buildings made of rock followed the lane, the windows lit cozily from within. I straightened, gripping the edge of the wagon, wondering if perhaps I dreamt. 
This was a kingdom from the books I’d read, a city of cottages and castles. We swept up the cobbled road, the thump of the wheels sending us bouncing up off our seats and making us cling to each other like children at play. I’d never seen so much stone. Our homes were all low, wooden structures of dull brown and beige. These were massive, beautiful, elegant. Had Sally been right all along, were we here to become part of a magical kingdom, rewarded for years of drudgery? 
Ignoring the excited whispers of the others, I glanced at Thanatos. His shoulders were slightly hunched, his face still hidden within that hood so I couldn’t read his expression. It was obvious he wasn’t impressed. But why should he? The beautiful ones were used to this life. 
“I can’t believe it,” Sally said next to me. “I knew it. I dreamt of it.” 
I tore my attention from Thanatos. “What?”   
“This!” She glanced pointedly toward the city lit by softly glowing lanterns. As the wagon thumped over the road, people stepped from their doors, studying us curiously. Even though they were hard to see in the candlelight, I knew they were the beautiful ones. Their clothing shimmered with riches, their pale faces were pure, but it was more…something more that identified them... 
Their very essence.  
“This magnificence!” Sally exclaimed. “I knew it had to be all for something.” 
But as I glanced around me, I wondered what, exactly, it had been for? Why would we live in squalor only to come into riches now? It made no sense. 
“Mamma!” A small child darted from a door, running alongside our wagon. She looked up at me with pale green eyes in a pale pure face surrounded by golden hair that caught the lamplight and glimmered. I’d never seen a young beautiful one and I was stunned by her appearence. 
But as she gazed longingly up at me, there was something eerily unsettling about her stare. Something I didn’t understand. “Mamma, I want one! Can I have one?”
A woman hustled forward, as the other beautiful ones laughed. I didn’t understand the child’s question nor their response, but they made me uneasy. 
“Of course not,” the woman muttered. “Don’t be silly.”
She took her child’s hand and pulled her back toward the house where they apparently lived. 
Sally laughed, delighted. “How funny!”
I didn’t find it funny, I found it strange. But I didn’t have time to dwell upon the situation. The wagon slowed in a massive round courtyard, lined with more stone homes. At the center, a large building that could only be called a castle, loomed above us. 
Men stood alongside the entrance, almost like guards, although they held no weapons. Their fierce scowls and those scars slashed across their faces were enough to dissuade even me from asking questions. 
A guard dressed in dark clothing stepped forward as our wagon came to a stop. “Hurry now, get down.” 
There was no welcome or pleasantries, and although we were dusty and thirsty no one offered us water. One by one we jumped from the bed. When my feet hit the street, my numb legs almost gave out. I had to cling momentarily to the side of the wagon until my body regained control of its limbs. But with a nudge from the guard, all too soon I forced myself to follow Sally through the throng of beautiful ones gathered around the courtyard. 
They offered no greeting as we swept by in a procession of common, bedraggled people. They merely watched us with detachment, once in a while turning toward their neighbor as if to discuss something mundane. Although to us the beautiful ones were as rare and stunning as a rainbow, apparently to them we were more along the lines of a mud puddle, something one notices but avoids. 
“You will follow me,” yet another nameless guard with a telling scar ordered. 
We walked woodenly across the stone courtyard to a large arched doorway. Everything was so incredibly different from our compound that I felt as if I’d actually entered another world. Back home we walked on dirt and the sparse patch of grass, while the cobbled stone now at our feet was unfamiliar and uneven. But my lack of balance was forgotten as I glanced around the strange place. The riches didn’t make me feel better; in fact, they made me feel worse. 
The guards shouted out orders, but I barely paid attention. 
A group of beautiful ones stood in a half circle watching us. Just watching. I tried to ignore my nervousness, but it wouldn’t go away, merely pulsed at me beneath a calm veneer. And I certainly couldn’t ignore the unsettling stares of the beautiful ones. We moved past a set of closed doors, turned right and marched down a narrow, dark hall. It was as we started down that hall that I suddenly found myself beside Thanatos. 
He didn’t say a word, that stunning face still half-hidden. But I had a chance, and it could be my only chance. “Where are they taking us?” I blurted out before my nerves got the better of me. 
He jerked his head my way, seemingly startled by my question, or maybe the mere sound of my voice. Why I’d thought I had the right to ask him anything, I hadn’t a clue. Maybe because out of all the beautiful ones, he was the only one who showed emotion, who offered us commentary and attention of any sort. 
“You don’t need to worry about it,” he muttered. “Not yet.” 
Without further comment, he quickened his steps and turned left, merging into the shadows down the hall. I actually paused, so startled by his response and sudden disappearance. What did he mean by not yet? Someone ran into me with a grunt. 
“Sorry,” I muttered, and started forward once more. 
“Women this way,” the guard called out, pointing at the left side of a split staircase. “Men that way.” 
Sally sidled up next to me and clasped my hand, a telling sign she was nervous. She wasn’t one for physical contact. I glanced back, but Thanatos was gone, and only a sea of weary faces met my gaze. 
“Up the stairs, ladies. Your maids will be waiting for you.” 
“Maids?” Sally said, dropping my hand in annoyance and quirking a knowing brow. “I told you we wouldn’t be servants.” 
I frowned as I followed her quick steps up a narrow, dark stairway. The idea of having servants caused an excited twitter to form that rolled down the line of girls in a wave. They might all think we were honored guests, but instinct told me we were here for an entirely different reason. If not as servants, then what? 
We passed a second floor and continued up to a third. At the top of the steps, five women wearing plain black gowns and white aprons stood waiting. They were not beautiful ones, but were older, with graying hair and sagging skin, looking very much the female version of our wagon driver. But it wasn’t just the wrinkles and graying hair that made them all so similar, it was the empty look in their eyes. 
“You two over here.” A woman nodded toward me and Sally, then started for the nearest door. 
Sally bounded into the room as if she owned the place, as if she fully expected and accepted the riches that stood before us. I followed a little more hesitantly. I wasn’t sure who was more surprised, as we both froze in the middle of the beautiful space, stunned. Two large beds lay against the far wall, covered with thick, shimmering blankets of pale blue. Above, what I could only assume was a chandelier shone and sparkled with glass beads and silver sconces, while the walls glimmered with some sort of white wallpapering. It was a fairy land, something I didn’t even know could exist. Something that didn’t seem real. 
“Dinner is on the cart. The bathing room is through there.” The maid pointed to a door on the far wall. “You turn the knobs to get the water into the tub. Pull the bell cord near the fireplace if you need assistance. But only as a last resort.” 
“Excuse me, I was wondering…”
She didn’t wait for the rest of my question, but scurried from the room, closing the door behind her as if she couldn’t wait to leave. Was it jealousy that had her so unhelpfully fleeing? I frowned. Nothing made sense. 
“Oh my,” Sally whispered, completely unconcerned with the fact that the woman had abandoned us. The riches had blinded her to the truth. And the truth was that something odd was happening here. She rushed across the room, trailing her fingers over the fireplace mantel, before heading to one of the two beds. “The covers are so soft! Do you think everyone has a room as elegant as ours? Surely not!”
“Sally,” I whispered, feeling much too dirty to touch anything. “Don’t you wonder why we’re here?”
“Huh?” She moved to the cart between our beds, and lifted a silver dome, releasing the aroma of soup and steamed vegetables. The candlelight glowing from the chandelier above made everything look soft and inviting, but it didn’t put me at ease. Something was wrong. 
“I’m so hungry.” She took a plate and settled on the edge of her bed, popping a cooked carrot into her mouth. It didn’t bother her that she was getting dust and dirt all over her bedcover. “I could eat the entire tray.” 
“Sally.” I moved toward her. “Do you not have any questions at all about why we’re here?”
With her mouth full, she shook her head. “We were good.” She swallowed the bite. “This is the gift for our years of obedience.” 
Sure, it was a nice thought, but it didn’t seem to fit. But nothing did. Still, what was the alternative? I sighed, sinking gingerly upon the edge of the bed. Perhaps she was right. After all, nothing else made sense. I smoothed my hands over the soft blanket. It was pure heaven. I’d read about material as fine in my books, but I’d never truly understood the richness. 
“Cakes!” she cried out. 
I glanced toward the tray where two pink frosted cakes were resting like little delicious presents. My stomach tightened with nerves, revolted by the idea of eating. “You’re welcome to mine as well.”
“I certainly won’t let it go to waste.” She snatched the cake and sank her teeth into the pastry, groaning. She seemed more interested in eating than in uncovering what our purpose was for being here. 
“Delicious,” she muttered, crumbs falling from her mouth and to the carpet below. “I’ve never tasted anything so delicious.” 
I admit my stomach grumbled and I regretted giving up the delicacy, but the cakes were gone before I had a chance to take back my decision. Besides, I had more important things to worry about. 
“I think I’ll wash.” 
Sally yawned, nodding. Reluctantly, I headed toward the bathing room. But my unease wouldn’t release its tight grip. At the door, I paused and glanced back. “Sally?” 
“Hmm?” she asked dreamily, the smile on her face making me falter. Perhaps I was wrong, and if I was, I didn’t want to ruin this for her. As annoying as she could be at times, she still deserved to enjoy what little luxury we might receive tonight. Tomorrow would be soon enough to worry. 
I smiled back. “Sweet dreams.”  
She giggled, a pure, delighted sound I’d never heard coming from her lips before. “I don’t need my dreams anymore.” Her lashes drifted down; she was already half asleep. “For they’re coming true.” 
My smile faltered. I only wished I could be so sure. 


****

The scream interrupted my slumber. 
A terrifying sound that jolted me awake and had me jumping out of bed. Standing, my feet sinking into the plush carpet, it took a long moment for me to calm my harsh breathing. Another moment before I realized where I was. 
At first I’d assumed I was back in the compound, having one of my nightmares. But no, this room was too lush, too magical. Moonlight filtered through the windows, highlighting the elegant chamber in a silver glow that made it seem almost ethereal. Needing the reassurance, I reached out, touching the soft bedspread. Real, it was real. 
With trembling fingers I raked my hair from my face. Had I imagined the feral sound? Was it a mere dream, as Tom seemed to think when I’d lived in the compound? I took in a deep breath, attempting to calm the frantic beat of my heart. 
“Just a dream,” I murmured. 
It was as I was reaching for the covers to slide back into bed that the sound came again. A high-pitched cry that raised the fine hairs on my neck and produced a cold sweat all over my body. The same sort of cry I swore I’d heard coming from the woods before at the compound. Needing to understand, I raced to the windows and shoved aside the curtains. 
The courtyard glowed with lantern light below. The gentle sound of music floated up on the breeze, the sound of spring. Beautiful ones mingled in groups, chatting and drinking from fine glasses that sparkled under the moonlight. While we slept they were gathering, but gathering for what? And why were they not abed as we were? Fearful I might be caught, I let the curtain fall back into place and turned toward Sally, who lay curled in a ball, snoring in the bed next to mine. 
“Sally,” I whispered. “Sally, did you hear that?” 
She didn’t respond. Frustrated, I tiptoed toward her bed and reached out, nudging her shoulder. “Sally?”
She didn’t even stir. 
I shook her harder. “Sally?”
Nothing. Something was wrong. Frustrated, I moved toward the door. I would find out why we were here, and more importantly, why Tom wasn’t. I rested my fingers on the handle and turned it. The door opened easily under my touch. I was surprised it wasn’t locked. Guests or prisoners…which were we? 
The corridor was dark but I could hear the sounds of music and conversation from the beautiful ones below. I clutched at my long, white nightgown as I moved slowly into the hall, drawn by the memory of the scream. Had no one else heard the sound? I was pondering knocking on the door next to ours when another scream ripped through the castle, vibrating the very walls. I froze, my breath catching. 
Real. It was real. Those nights I’d spent wondering if the screams were something I’d dreamt were over. 
Determined, I closed the door behind me. Someone needed help, and I was about to find out who. Although my legs trembled, I started down the hall. The sounds of the gathering beautiful ones irritated me. We’d laughed, we’d even sung upon occasion, but we’d never seemed as happy as these people. Their joy, those sparkling eyes and grinning lips, made me nervous. Why did the screams bother no one but me? 
“Are they all sleeping?” I heard our maid whisper to someone, her voice floating up the steps. 
I paused as their shadows, elongated by the lanterns they held, morphed across the stairway. 
“Yes, they’re out. No one will wake.”
“Thank God. If they only knew…” 
Their voices faded as they moved onto the floor below us. 
If we only knew what? I pressed my fingers to the cold stone walls and hurried down the steps. Something was wrong. So very wrong. I peeked around the corner. They were gone, having disappeared behind one of the many closed doors that lined the dark hall. What were they hiding? 
The music and laughter grew louder, the enjoyment calling to me. I’d never heard people having such a wonderful time. Never heard such magical music with so many different sounds coming together, creating a melody of pure bliss. 
Even as their music called to me, my anger grew. How could they laugh and enjoy life when we slept crowded in cold, drafty compounds? How could they wear beautiful, shimmering clothes when we wore dirty and worn garments? How could they ignore the screams of pain when they terrified and worried me so I couldn’t sleep? 
As the stairs ended, I paused just beside an open window, hiding in the shadows, and watched them. A soft breeze swept inside, rustling my long hair and tickling my face, not that I would dare move to push it out of the way. The beautiful ones milled around the courtyard, their faces so stunning they seemed unreal, almost like one of the paintings I’d seen in my books. In the far corner a group of men stood with a variety of instruments, some stringed while others were a shiny metal. The scream wasn’t coming from the courtyard. 
Frustrated, I started to turn away when I noticed him: Thanatos. Mesmerized, I pressed my hand to the cool, damp stone and stepped closer to the window, studying the way the lamplight made his dark hair glisten. The way his eyes scanned the crowds as if looking for something or expecting someone. He roamed the perimeter of the gathering like a cat hunting prey, and this time he wore no hood to cover his features. Those intense eyes took in everything and the scar that flashed pale in the lamplight only added to the mystery of the man. Who, I wondered, would have marked him, damaging such perfection, and why? 
I inched even closer, the tips of my bare toes touching the cold, stone wall. Although he was obviously a beautiful one, I realized he wasn’t quite a part of their society. He spoke to no one, offered no smiles or even nods of acknowledgment, and patrolled the outside, never entering their groups. No, he was…different. In that moment I felt almost as if I understood him, as if he could understand me, someone who had never belonged.
As if sensing my attention, his head jerked my way and he froze in midstep. Our gazes clashed and for one long moment we merely stared at each other. I couldn’t look away, even if I had wanted to; the man mesmerized me. Just as suddenly as the moment had appeared, it disappeared as he snapped his attention toward the guard closest to him. I didn’t wait around to try and decipher what he said.  
Horrified I’d been caught, I spun around and raced up the stairs. I’d taken only a few steps when firm fingers bit into my upper arms. A yelp escaped my lips as I was shoved into an alcove, hidden by a curtain, and pushed up against the wall. I knew who had grabbed me even before I looked up, for I recognized his scent. Swallowing hard, I dared to tilt my head back and meet Thanatos’s angry blue eyes. 
“What the hell are you doing out of your room?” he hissed between clenched teeth. 
My heart slammed wildly against my ribcage, making it hard to breathe, to concentrate. “I…I couldn’t sleep.”
He narrowed his eyes. “Liar. You’re not telling me everything.” 
My mouth went dry. “No, I…”
His grip on my upper arms tightened, his lips lifting into a snarl. This close I could feel his body pressed to mine, every hard muscle, even the steady beat of his heart. And his scent…his wonderful scent swirled around me, making my mind muddled. 
“Why?” he hissed, startling me out of my stupor. 
“I…I needed to know.”
He shook me, a quick jerk that had my head snapping back and almost hitting the rock wall behind me. “What?”
Desperate, I looked at that curtain, but it lay securely in place, covering the alcove from prying eyes. And the window that interrupted the wall was up too high for anyone to see inside. I was alone with this man I barely knew. 
I returned my attention to him, pleading with my gaze. “Why are we here?”  
Just like that the anger seemed to drain from him. He sighed, lowering his thick lashes briefly, but not before I noticed the look of torment that crossed his features. “Sometimes it’s best not knowing the truth.” 
“I don’t—”
“Enough.” I wanted to ask him more questions, but he wouldn’t have it. He released his hold and shoved me out of the alcove. “Go. Return to your room and make sure to lock your door.”
I stumbled to a halt, but by the time I regained my balance and turned around, he was gone. No sign or trace of him. Steeling my nerves, I stepped toward the alcove and moved the curtain aside. Empty. 
A high-pitched scream rent the air. Whatever the reason for the cry, it would have to wait until tomorrow. Even I had my limits. Picking up the skirt of my nightgown so as not to trip, I raced up the stairs to my bedroom. 


Chapter 4


“You seem tired. Did you not sleep well?” Sally asked, picking at her dinner of fruits and vegetables while reclining on the edge of her bed. 
Although the entire day had gone by and it was almost dusk, we still wore our only nightgowns and some sort of delicate slippers. Sally seemed content to lay about, lounging on her bed, bathing in the large tub and eating whenever they brought meals, but I was close to losing my mind. 
When I’d asked for a book to read at the midday meal, the maid had brought me the typical sort of material we’d had back at the compound…the history of agriculture or some such nonsense. 
Pacing back and forth all day, I thought I might go insane. It had taken only a few hours for Sally to settle into this life of spoils and wealth. In her eyes we were owed these riches, and this was what we must get used to. But how could I possibly get used to doing nothing? 
“No,” I said softly, glancing back out the windows. The maid said we needed our rest for tonight’s festivities. As I thought about what those festivities might include, the memory of that scream came to mind. “No, I didn’t sleep well.”
How could I sleep? The screaming, the maids and their odd comments, but most of all Thanatos. I hadn’t dared to rest and my body had grown exhausted and numb, my mind spinning with confusion. When Sally had stretched awake this morn, saying she’d had the best sleep ever, I’d envied her. Why couldn’t I sleep? Why couldn’t I stop hearing the screams? Why couldn’t I stop wondering about what was out there and be content with what I had? Always searching, always needing more. 
“Well, I slept better than I have in weeks!” She snatched up a grape, popped it into her mouth and flung herself back onto the bed. “Although, I must admit that I’d prefer some bacon or ham.”
She picked up another grape, only to look at it in disgust and toss it toward the hearth. “Ugh. I wonder why we’ve been fed no meat. Perhaps they don’t like to kill animals?”
She laughed, as if the idea was ridiculous. For some reason I shivered at the thought. Sally had placed the beautiful ones upon a pedestal. To her they were the gods I’d read about in my books. But if they were so caring, why had I heard the screams? Why did Thanatos have a scar across his face? And why had we been living in squalor? 
“Perhaps.” 
She sighed and sat up, her long brown hair falling in waves around her narrow face. “Jane, I will not let you and your dark thoughts ruin this for me.” She stood, flinging her arms wide. “Look around you! Cheer up, we should be happy!”
But it took more than plush beds and warm fireplaces to keep me happy. There was a soft knock upon the door right before it opened. 
The maid we’d been assigned yesterday stepped inside, two white gowns in hand. “It’s time to dress.”
“Dress for what?” I asked warily. 
Sally shot me a look, as she rushed forward, eager to please. “What beautiful gowns!”
“What for?” I repeated stubbornly. After overhearing her speaking to the other maid last night, I knew she was hiding something. And when she dropped her gaze to the floor, avoiding my eyes, my suspicions were confirmed. 
“The celebrations, of course,” she muttered. “Leave on your slippers.”   
I frowned. They’d been celebrating last night when I’d heard the screams, when Thanatos had warned me to return to my room and lock the door. “Celebrations?” 
“Jane,” Sally said, pulling her nightgown over her head and tossing it to the bed so that she stood in only her underclothing. “Do as you’re told.” 
“Come. We don’t have time.” The maid laid our dresses on my empty bed, annoyed by my refusal to immediately cooperate. “We must dress. We can’t be late.” 
But no, she wasn’t angry, I realized as I noticed her trembling hands. She was worried. I stepped closer to her, hesitant, unsure. “Are you well?”
She flushed, looked up at me and just as quickly refocused on the dresses. “Of course I’m well. Now dress.” 
“Last night—”
“We are not to speak with the chosen ones,” she stammered, her face pale. So white, she almost matched the dresses. 
Chosen ones? We were the chosen ones. But chosen for what, exactly? I pressed my lips tightly together, resisting the urge to question her further. Something or someone had terrified her. I knew in that moment that Sally was wrong. So very wrong. No matter how soft the beds, how beautiful the clothing, we were not here to be rewarded. 
“Your gown.” She held out a dress for Sally. 
Sally’s lips formed a perfect circle of awe, her gasp an audible sound of surprise and delight. If only I could accept things as she did, my life would have been so much easier. She stepped into the gown impatiently, eager to be crowned the princess she was so sure she would become. The white dress molded to her lithe body, but it was the intricate pattern atop the smooth material, a design that reminded me of spider webs, that caught my attention. 
“What is it?” Sally ask, gently touching the design.
“Lace,” the maid replied. “Sewn by hand by the women below stairs.” 
Lace. I’d read about lace in my books. Books I’d always assumed were fantastical stories made up by a crazed mind. 
“My goodness,” Sally whispered. “I’ve never owned anything so beautiful.”
I reluctantly admitted to myself that she did look pretty. Unwillingly, I inched closer, drawn to the delicate design. But before I could reach out and touch it on my own, the maid spun around to face me. “You’re next.” 
Startled, I drew back. “No, I—”
“You have no choice,” she snapped, lifting the other gown. 
No choice. I’d never had any choice, and here, apparently, it was no different. I stared blankly at the dress, trying to make sense of the style. It had no sleeves, but merely some sort of tight top and long skirt that flared out at the bottom. “I don’t understand, where are the sleeves?”
She looked tired, exhausted by my many questions. “Just undress.”
I ignored Sally’s glare and reluctantly, I took off my nightgown. We’d worn the same sort of plain clothing my entire life, nothing had changed. But here I’d seen a variety of outfits. Perhaps this style was normal here. So for now I’d wear the dress. For now I’d play along. But I didn’t trust her, I didn’t trust the beautiful ones and I didn’t trust this new, perfect world.   
“What is that?” She started to reach for my neck. 
I pressed my hand to my chest, covering Tom’s wooden rose. “It’s mine.”
She sighed. “Well, you can’t wear it.”
I tilted my chin high in a stubborn look. “I won’t take it off.”
“Fine. What do I care? Step into the dress.” 
She held the skirts wide and I stepped into the pool of white. As she pulled the gown upward, the smooth material skimmed my body, hugging my curves. For a brief moment my nervousness gave way. 
“What is it?” I whispered in awe, running my hands down the skirt. 
“Satin.” 
Satin? Another material I’d read about. If lace and satin were real, what else might be truth? She pulled the dress tight around my chest, fastening it in the back. I’d never worn something so fitted and was torn between admiring the gown and grabbing the blanket from my bed to cover myself. My breasts were pushed embarrassingly high and with my arms exposed I felt almost naked. I was showing much more of my body than should have been appropriate here; it certainly would not have been appropriate back home. 
The maid stepped back and looked me over, then glanced at Sally. “You two will do. They will enjoy the look. You’re both pretty enough, not that your looks will matter much here. No one compares to the beautiful ones.”
I frowned, confused. Sally, too, looked uncertain for the first time since our arrival. Was she finally starting to question the many odd things that had happened? Or was it merely that her feelings had been hurt? 
“Come along.” The maid started toward the door.  
“Perhaps they are bonding us with the males,” Sally whispered as we followed the maid. 
Bonding? As in the marriages I’d read about in my books? “Perhaps,” I murmured, hoping it was anything but that.
As we stepped into the hall, I wasn’t exactly surprised to see the other women who had entered the city on those wagons with us. They were all dressed just as elegantly, some with their hair up, others with their hair down, as Sally and I wore ours. Was it possible we were all to be married? 
We formed a single line and quietly headed down the stairs, following the maids. The excitement of yesterday had finally given way to nerves. The dark corridors and dreary castle did not improve my mood. When I peeked out the windows it was to see the sun hovering behind the stone homes that lined the streets below. Scores of beautiful ones were strolling through the gates, chatting merrily together. 
For some reason their presence surprised me. There really was a celebration of some sort and we were apparently the main attraction. Panic flared. I pressed my hand to the cold stone wall as we made our way down the narrow steps; I needed the support.
“You will wait at the bottom of the stairs,” our maid said. “Then you will head into the main room for the celebration.”   
But the closer we got to that main floor, the more frantic my heart beat. My lungs seemed to shrink and I was finding it hard to breathe. I couldn’t go in there. Halfway down the steps, I saw that alcove where Thanatos had pushed me last night. It was my chance, my only chance.  
“Sally,” I whispered. “I don’t think we should go down there.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” she snapped. With an angry swirl of her skirts, she pushed her way between the women in front of us and hurried down the steps away from me. 
But I couldn’t go on. The world around me spun; I felt dizzy. So dizzy.  
“Go ahead,” I whispered to the girl behind me. 
She glanced at me curiously, but she and her friends moved forward, following the maids, not wanting to miss their chance. I took a step back, stumbling over a stone step and falling to my bottom. I couldn’t go in there…not without knowing why we were here. I certainly would be no one’s servant, and I wouldn’t be bound to a man I’d never met. Desperate to escape my impending future, I darted into that familiar alcove, hiding behind the curtain. 
It was only as the material fell into place, hiding me from view, that I could finally breathe with some normalcy. Yes, it was a false sense of security, but I felt protected, hidden in that space. The sound of footsteps faded as the last of them made it down the stairs. I didn’t bother to think about the rationality of my plan. I couldn’t explain my actions, not even to myself. 
A bell rang out, clear and beautiful, mocking the state of my frayed nerves. Startled, I peeked through the narrow window that overlooked the common room below. It was a large area with ceilings so high they faded into darkness. Iron sconces with candles hung from beams and some sort of platform rested at the far end. There were multiple tables filled with candlelight and fruits and steaming vegetables. It was a celebration fit for royalty. So why, I wondered, had we been invited? 
The doors at the far left opened, splashing the area with the remaining light from the setting sun. Beautiful ones swept inside. My fingers curled around the window ledge. If I left now I might still be able to enter that room with the others and receive the reward Sally seemed to think we would get. Or…or I could leave. Escape this perfect town, with its perfect people, and head out into the world. Uncover what was truly out there. 
At least a hundred beautiful ones settled below at their elegantly decorated tables. Their colorful clothing flashed and sparkled under the low lamplight, making them shine with perfection. Even their pale skin matched the color of their porcelain plates. Their smiles were ready and their conversation no doubtless witty, their laughter contagious. And that was the problem…they were too perfect. When I looked around, no one here resembled us, with our tanned skin and plain hair. No, the only people I saw who looked like us were the servants. Servants who averted their gazes, who moved woodenly across the room, bringing trays of fruits and vegetables.  
“Friends come, be settled,” Ares called out and the conversation died down. “He has arrived.” 
They all turned toward the doors. 
The man who entered was unlike anyone I’d ever seen before. He wore a rich blue shirt of some sort of soft-looking material, and black trousers that fitted his muscular body. But it was his long, white hair that caught me off guard. He was as stunning as the others, but there was more to him; something I couldn’t quite explain, yet something that drew me to him, made me want to be near. A born leader, Tom would have claimed. The woman who entered at his side was his opposite with dark hair, but she was just as beautiful in a flowing blue dress that accentuated her lush curves. 
“Spring is upon us, my friends. As the days grow warmer, so do our hearts and affection toward each other.” He took the woman’s arm and led her down the middle aisle toward two chairs that had been placed on the platform. “I am so very proud of what we have accomplished. Every day gets better, every month a joy. I wake with a song in my heart and excitement for what will be. A future of bliss with you.”
It was certainly a positive speech full of goodwill. The entire room broke into applause, the walls shaking with the force of their happiness and excitement. I wanted to relax, even told myself that I had nothing to worry about. They were merely enjoying the changing season. But I held back. Something deep down told me to stay put.  
Reaching the platform, the beautiful couple paused and looked out over their adoring crowd. Obviously they were leaders of some sort, as not one person moved until they were seated. “Now, shall we enjoy this fine meal in celebration of spring feast?”
As the beautiful ones cheered, the men and women I’d arrived with suddenly appeared. Standing in two rows, male and female, those chosen from the compounds entered. Women dressed in white gowns and men in black suits. They looked lovely, although our maid had been right: they still paled in comparison to the beautiful ones around them. I waited, breath held, as they walked slowly down the aisle, two by two. 
The guards with scarred faces led a chosen one to each table. It was as the last of the chosen ones stepped inside that I spotted Sally. She stopped below where I stood. Sally, who looked beautiful yet nervous in her lace gown. She knew something wasn’t right and glanced nervously around the room. Was she looking for me? 
“Sally,” I whispered.  
My heart hammered so loudly I could barely hear the conversation below. Something was wrong. So very wrong. 
Run! I wanted to scream, but I remained silent, unable to get the word past my lips as I stood frozen in place as if watching some sort of horrible play below. 
The guards stepped forward, one wrapping his large hands around Sally’s waist and suddenly she, along with the other chosen ones, was lifted onto a table, her slippered feet silent upon the wooden planks. 
“Lie down,” I heard a guard demand.  
Sally shook her head, terrified. But the guard didn’t care. He shoved his hand into her chest, sending her stumbling back until her bottom hit the table. Two beautiful ones grabbed her arms, while two more held her legs. Around the room, men and women were being pinned to the tabletops. 
“Let go!” Sally cried out, struggling to break free, but she was no match. The screams of the chosen ones pierced the festivities, echoing against the stone walls and combining in a cacophony that drummed against my ears. 
“No,” I whispered. “No!” 
But my cry merely blended into the other screams. Screams so very similar to the screams I’d heard at the compound, the screams I’d heard last night, that suddenly I understood. The hairs on the back of my neck stood on end. We were not here to be married, to be servants, nor to become part of their beautiful city. 
I stood mesmerized as one of the beautiful ones, the man holding Sally’s left arm to the table, leaned over her, pressing his lips to her neck. I thought for a moment he was kissing her…until I saw the blood. Men and women lay pinned to tabletops as the beautiful ones took turns, sinking their teeth into their necks. 
Frantic, I jerked my gaze to Sally’s face. She’d gone pale, her eyes wide, her mouth opened into a permanent scream. And blood…so much blood seeped from her neck, matting her hair and soaking her beautiful white dress, as it spread across the table in a dark red pool. A beautiful woman laughed in delight, holding her goblet to the edge of the table and catching the blood dripping…dripping into her cup. 
“No,” I whispered, stumbling back from the window. “No.” 
The room around me spun, the light fading as my mind denied the horror I’d witnessed below. It was a dream, all a horrible, terrible nightmare. My legs went weak and I knew I was going to faint. Before my knees buckled and I sank to the ground, a solid arm wrapped around my waist and pulled me into a hard body. 
The world came sharply back into focus. Terrified, I opened my mouth to scream when a hand clamped over my lips, trapping the cry. 
“Shut up,” a familiar voice hissed in my ear. 
Thanatos. 
“Shut up.”
I trembled in his arms, but didn’t dare move. 
“Will you be quiet?” he asked. 
I gave a quick nod of my head. 
“Good.” He released his hold, only to grab my hand and tug me from the alcove. “Let’s go.”
As I twisted to follow him, I felt the twine around my neck snap. “No!”   
My rose necklace fell, spinning and twirling through the air. Tom’s rose. I reached for it, but it was too late. I could only watch it tumble and bounce across the stone as Thanatos pulled me away to no doubt take me to the horrors waiting below. 

Chapter 5


It was only as Thanatos turned left, instead of right and we headed up the stairs that I realized he wasn’t taking me below. My fear didn’t ease; if anything, I became more nervous. “Where are we going?”  
He tightened his grip on my hand, almost too tight. “Away.”
Away so he could murder me as his friends had done to Sally? I wouldn’t accept his answers as truth like the others had. I hadn’t escaped the horrors of the dining room only to be murdered in a narrow, dark hall. Bracing my slippered feet against the cold floor, I pulled back. “Let me go!”
He tugged me forward so hard that I fell into him, his cold gaze on me. “Stop, you idiot, I’m trying to save you! But if you don’t shut up, you’ll get us both killed.”
Saving me? No, I wouldn’t believe him. I couldn’t. “Sally.” I shook my head, trying to pull away from him. There was no way I’d trust this man, or monster…whatever he was. “I can’t leave Sally.” 
I tried to escape, but he pulled back even harder, practically snapping my arm from the socket. “You can’t!” 
“Please!”
With a growl, he gripped my shoulders and shoved me against the wall. My spine pressed uncomfortably into the stone and I squirmed, attempting to ease the pain. 
“We can’t save your friend. Understand? She’s already dead!”
“No! She isn’t!” I pushed at his hands, but he wouldn’t release me. He was too strong. Frustrated, exhausted, terrified, I finally gave up and slumped against the wall, tears burning my eyes. “Why? Why did they do it?”
“I don’t have time to explain and we can’t go back.” He grabbed my hand and once again led me down a dark corridor. “You go back, you’re dead and probably me as well. I’m sure as hell not going to let that happen.” 
I was confused by his persistence; didn’t understand why he was saving me. But as I looked up into his hard, uncompromising face, I realized he was actually telling me the truth. For some reason he was going to help me escape. Unfortunately he expected me to leave them all—every single one of them—behind to be murdered. More screams rent the air, terrified, pain-filled screams that had me flinching and stumbling in my terror. 
“One chance, Jane,” he whispered furiously. “This is your one chance to escape. If you go back, you die along with them.” 
Not just die, but die painfully. I dared to glance behind us, but could see nothing in the dark corridor. How I hated him for making me choose. I’d seen people die before, not often, but I had witnessed death. Five years ago, two men had gotten into a fight over a girl in the compound and Arnie had hit his head, dying almost immediately. But never had I seen someone deliberately destroy another person. Who were they? Why would they do such a thing?
Thanatos pulled me left, down a narrow hall. I followed him numbly, my body no longer my own. I couldn’t think; if I thought too much I would panic. 
I wasn’t sure how long we ran, how many dark halls we followed, twisting through the castle, but somehow Thanatos managed to dart down the corridors without running into a single dead-end. I didn’t trust him, but I had no other choice. 
“Almost there,” he whispered, stopping so suddenly at the end of a hall that I fell into him. Not that he noticed. No, he was all stillness and concentration as he peered around us, searching for the enemy. The sound of laughter sent a cold chill over my body. Beautiful ones, so close that I could hear their conversation. 
“Hurry, there will be nothing left for us,” a woman warned. “You know the best pickings go fast.” 
“Then we’ll find our own,” a man replied. “We haven’t hunted in weeks.”
“You know Dionysus doesn’t want us hunting.”
“What he doesn’t know, won’t hurt him.” 
I closed my eyes, biting my lip and leaning against the cold stone wall as I resisted the urge to bolt in terror and give away our hiding place. Their laughter and conversation faded as they disappeared downstairs. 
“We have only minutes,” Thanatos said, as if sensing my unease. “There is no time to panic.” 
I’d been right to be wary of the beautiful ones. The screams I’d heard had not been nightmares as Tom had claimed. Tom, who was at another compound, completely oblivious to what was here, awaiting him. Waiting, waiting to be murdered, trusting the beautiful ones. 
“This way.” Thanatos grabbed my hand and jerked me down another corridor. 
Even if we managed to escape, where would we go? There were so many guards, so many beautiful ones. “Thanatos—”
“Shhh,” he whispered, pausing. 
I heard nothing. No screams. No music. No laughter. Only the soft drip of water from somewhere. Tap, tap…no. Not water. I stiffened, fear churning in my stomach. It was the sound of footsteps and they were coming closer…closer.
“Damn.” Thanatos shoved me behind him just as a beautiful one rounded the corner. 
That pure, unblemished face turned immediately toward us, but it was the brilliant red shirt that reminded me all too well of the blood I’d seen draining from Sally’s body that made me ill. My fingers curled, the nails biting into my palms until I was sure I’d draw my own blood. 
Seeing us, the man paused, his dark brows coming together in bemused confusion. “Thanatos, what brings you to this part of the castle?”
“I was asked to retrieve Dionysus’s chosen one.”
Dionysus? Was he the beautiful one in charge? The very man responsible for this hell? As if sensing my questions, the man glanced at me, his gaze cold and assessing. I could, perhaps, hide my disgust, but I couldn’t hide the shiver of fear that went through me. 
“I see.” There was a moment’s pause as he glanced at me once more. How could someone so beautiful be so vile? “Well then, I won’t keep you.” 
Thanatos nodded. “Of course.” 
If we got rid of him, we could escape. Time was ticking. Sally might be gone, but I could return to the compound and warn the others before it was too late. My sister, my brothers, Tom.  
“Oh Thanatos,” the man said. 
I almost moaned. Why? Why couldn’t he leave? 
“Yes?”
“You forgot something.” He smiled as he reached out and grabbed Thanatos by the shirt, tugging him forward. “Dionysus already feasted.” His lips lifted into a snarl that showed brilliantly white, pointed canines. “You know your kind does not get first dibs. Did you think to hide her for your own?” 
Thanatos shoved his hands into the man’s chest, sending him back, hitting me. I cried out as I lost my balance and stumbled to the ground, scraping my arm on the metal hinge of a door. My head hit the stone. Stars burst before my eyes, the corridor spinning. The numbness on my arm gave way to stinging pain as blood trailed down my forearm. 
Vaguely, I was aware of the two beautiful ones fighting, a blur of shadows and strength, the sickening sound of fists hitting flesh. Fighting like I’d never seen before. We’d been caught. It would take only one cry to sound the alarm and we’d never escape. Somehow I managed to press my hands into the cold stone and sit up. I had to find a weapon, something, anything, to help. 
Before I had time to stand, Thanatos wrapped his arm around the man’s neck. “Sorry, but I have to.” 
For a horrified moment as I sat there on the ground, everything slowed down. Thanatos jerked the man’s head back so hard that it was over before I could even draw breath. The beautiful one’s body fell to the ground, but his head was still in Thanatos’s hands.
A terrified cry rose up in my throat.  
“Don’t scream,” Thanatos whispered, dropping the head with a thud. It went bounding down the hall like a ball, leaving behind a trail of blood that spurted across my skirts like red ribbons twirling through the air.  
Bile rose in my throat and I gagged, my stomach convulsing. 
“Up.” Thanatos grabbed my arm and jerked me to my feet. 
But my body was no longer my own. My knees buckled and I had to slump against the wall for support. I didn’t dare look at the bloody corpse littering the hall, knowing I’d completely lose control of what little grasp I had on my sanity. I swore I could smell the scent of death; it permeated the air, soaked into my clothing and hair. “You…you killed him.”
“I had to.” His face was all harsh, uncompromising planes. “He would have told the others of my involvement and they can’t know.”
He looked completely unconcerned with what he had done. As if tearing off someone’s head was an everyday occurrence. I couldn’t imagine what sort of strength must have been contained within his body. He was a murderer, he took the lives of others without second thought, yet he was saving me. “Why? Why help me?”
“I thought you had promise.” I didn’t miss the derision in his voice. “Now I can’t let you go because you might rat me out.”
Oh God, he was going to kill me. “I…I won’t.” 
He grabbed my hand and pulled me forward, his furious face mere inches from mine. “It’s either help you escape, or kill you. Which do you prefer?” 
Merry, laughing voices echoed down the hall, coming closer. More beautiful ones. They would see that head, they would see the blood and they would cry the alarm. 
“Hurry!” He pulled me up a narrow flight of steps, so fast my feet barely touched the ground. At the first door he shoved it wide, tossed me inside, and closed it, locking us in a small storage room of some sort. “We need to leave now.” He leapt over a pile of trunks and headed to the only window, pulling aside the linen curtains. 
“Why?” I demanded, tired of the lies. “Why are they murdering us?”
“Jane,” he hissed, snapping his annoyed gaze toward me. “We don’t have time!” 
“Why?” I demanded again through gritted teeth. I’d had enough, and I deserved to know. Enough of the running. Enough of the fear. Enough of the death.  
“For food, for nourishment.” He threw his arms wide, as if it was all so obvious. “As you feed off a chicken or cow, they feed on human blood.” 
Horrified, stunned, I sank onto a trunk. They fed on us? We weren’t here as servants, or even worse, to be one of them, we were here as their food. But it wasn’t they, it was him as well. Thanatos was a beautiful one, wasn’t he?  
“We need to jump.”  
Dare I trust him? I shook my head, confused. “Jump?”
“Can you swim?”
“No!” I had no idea if I could swim, I’d never tried, and I didn’t like where this was headed. Maybe I couldn’t trust him. Maybe the man he’d killed was right and Thanatos merely wanted to get me alone to murder me as the other beautiful ones had murdered Sally. Maybe…
“I won’t let you drown.” He lifted his hand, urging me. “Come on. I know you don’t trust me, but you really have no other choice.”
He was right. As I looked up into Thanatos’s eyes I knew in that moment, at least, I had no alternative. I stepped closer and, steeling my nerves, I slid my hand into his. His grip was strong, too strong, and the image of the man’s head being snapped from his body instantly came to mind. 
When Thanatos lifted me onto the windowsill, I didn’t cower at the distance below, nor the river sparkling in the moonlight. I’d already looked death in the eyes, I had nothing to fear. Nothing but Thanatos.  
He jumped up behind me, his body pressed to mine, his breath warm on my neck. I shivered at his touch, unsure if I should be relieved or repulsed. 
“Ready?” 
I didn’t respond and he didn’t ask again. Instead, he held my hand and jumped into the night, pulling me off the ledge with him. 
The cool air rushed around me, tugging at my hair as for a brief moment I flew, my skirts flapping in the wind. And in that moment, nothing mattered. I felt…free. Then I hit the cold water and my numbness gave way to a startling reality. My skirts puffed up around me and I sank, pulled under by the weight of my body and my clothing. I pressed my lips together, holding my breath as the water rushed over my head, enclosing me in a cold, dark tomb. Thanatos’s arms were suddenly gone. Panicked, I opened my eyes, searching the darkness for him. I could see nothing. I spun around, but my skirts tangled around my legs, pulling me deeper…deeper…
Frantic, I flung my arms forward, searching for something, anything, to grab onto. Just when my lungs began to burn and I was sure I would drown in a pool of darkness, firm fingers wrapped around my wrist. Suddenly, I was being dragged upward. My head broke through the surface and instinctively I opened my mouth, sucking in a great gulp of cold air, barely aware as Thanatos dragged me toward the shore. But I still had water in my lungs, and I ended up coughing. 
“Quiet,” he snapped, releasing me so I fell onto the grassy bank. “There are guards everywhere.” 
I coughed again and the more I tried to repress it, the worse it became. Desperate, I rolled over, pressing my face into the grass. Finally, after a few moments of hacking, during which I was positive we would be caught, the coughing slowed. I shoved my hands into the ground and I tried to stand, but my skirts weighed too much and I slipped, falling hard to my knees. Although pebbles bit into my tender flesh, I couldn’t seem to summon up the energy to move. 
“Damn.” Thanatos reached out, scooping me up into his arms as if I weighed nothing. “If you can manage to be quiet, we might escape.” 
I shoved my hands against his hard chest. “Don’t touch me!”
He ignored my cry. Perhaps I was exhausted, or maybe the fear was making me stupid, but when he held me close, I could only see Sally, bloody and dying. I didn’t want him to put his arms around me, I didn’t want anyone to touch me…certainly not a beautiful one.  
Thanatos set me on a stone wall. Terrified, cold, I sat there shivering. We were on the outskirts of the village, and just beyond the wall were trees. And beyond those trees…who knew? Freedom? “What will we do?” 
He stepped so close my knees pressed into his muscled stomach. “Listen to me.” 
So close, his warm breath whispered across my lips. I wanted to pull back, I couldn’t. My head pounded and my body felt like ice, but he was warm, so warm, and I had to resist the urge to lean into him. 
“What are you?” I whispered, hating him, hating his people, hating that he had stopped in front of me at the compound. At the same time I knew I needed him, and I hated that most of all. 
“We have to get you out of here now,” he replied, as if he hadn’t heard me. His hair hung in dark, wet clumps that sent drops of water trailing down the hard contours of his face. “No turning back. It’s too late to save anyone but yourself, understand?”
His words stabbed into my chest like a knife to the heart. Too late. I couldn’t go back. Ever. My life, as I’d always known it, was over. Sally was dead. Tom, my sister, my brothers…they would be next. 
“Can you walk?” he asked. 
I couldn’t seem to respond. My throat had gone dry. My tongue wouldn’t form words. Unwillingly, my gaze slid to the castle where the windows were aglow, the festivities, the murders, continued without me. How many more would die before this night was over? 
Thanatos suddenly gripped my upper arms. “Jane, can you walk?” 
Angry, I shoved his hands away and slid to the ground, only for my legs to give out. Before I fell to the dirt, he scooped me up and settled me on the wall once more. 
Angry, I shoved my hands into his hard chest. “Don’t touch…”
The sudden loud clang of a bell startled me. 
“Hell,” he muttered. “They know.” He gripped the sides of my face, holding me captive and forcing me to keep still when all I wanted to do was shove him away and run. “Look at me.” 
Frantically, I met his gaze. 
“Don’t look away.”
And I didn’t. Not because I didn’t want to, but because for some reason the moment I met his ice-blue eyes I couldn’t look away, couldn’t even move. Time flashed by, the sound of the warning bell disappeared, the world faded as I sank heavily into his gaze. 
The pain, the memories of blood, the fear…gone. I was no longer aware of the world, of anything; only Thanatos. A lovely warmth swept through my veins, making me sink into my own body, relaxed, at ease. My lids felt suddenly heavy. So tired.  
“What are you…”
Before I could get the words out, the light faded, and just as suddenly I sank into beautiful, peaceful nothingness.


Chapter 6


It was the rain that woke me. 
A biting drizzle that pattered against my face and arms like tiny pebbles thrown by angry hands, stinging my skin so that I was forced to either wake or die from the elements. 
I was cold. So very cold. 
Shivering, I opened my eyes. The world around me wavered in and out of focus; a myriad of blues, grays and greens that swirled together like spilled paint. Where was I? I curled my fingers, feeling damp grass, gritty wet earth that sank beneath my fingernails. I grimaced, the air too cold and the light above, no matter how dull, making my aching head pound. 
Too soon. I’d opened my eyes too soon. 
Dizzy, I waited for a moment until my body and mind connected. Another moment just to make sure. When I finally felt somewhat normal, I shoved my palms into the grass and slowly sat up. But the world still spun. Confused and unsure, I realized that I sat in the middle of a field, trees in the distance, nothing else. I touched my bare shoulders, coated with a fine mist of rain. And then I noticed the dress. The large white dress with the puffy skirt wavering in and out of focus…a skirt covered in blood. Rusty-colored blood. 
The memories rushed back, bursting through my mind with a clarity that had me gasping. I pressed my trembling hands to my temples, as if that could stop the images. “No. No. No!” 
Sally was gone. Dead. Not just dead, but murdered. Blood, so much blood. 
Terror had me stumbling to my feet, but my knees wouldn’t hold and I fell to the damp ground with a sob. Dead. Destroyed. Torn apart. Tears raced unheeded down my chilled face. 
Murderers. Monsters. 
Thanatos. 
The sound of his name seemed to whisper to me on the breeze. My heart slammed wildly in my chest, fear bitter on my tongue. Frantic, I looked around. Alone. I sat in the middle of a hill of weeds and clover, the perimeter of the field lined with thick forests, dark forests. Gray clouds hovered low in the sky, tumbling and rolling menacingly toward me. 
Where was I? Where was Thanatos? Where was the castle? 
I didn’t dare call out for help. No, I needed to find somewhere to hide before they found me. Thunder rumbled a warning. I grabbed my skirts, bundling them close. A chill wind swept across the field like ripples on a pond, peppering my bare arms with bumps, insisting I go. Hide. 
It was all the urging I needed. I jumped to my feet, tripping over my skirt in the process. Shelter. Shelter. I swiped at my damp cheeks. To the unprepared traveler the weather might mean disaster, but it was what I needed to spur me into action. Murdering demons I didn’t understand, but a storm, at least, I knew. I had to take cover…to hide somewhere…but where? 
A twig snapped. I sucked in a sharp breath and froze there in the middle of the field while the rain slashed mercilessly down. The musky scent of damp earth that surrounded me seemed almost oppressive. Slowly, I scanned the area, my skin prickling. 
A deer bolted across the field, bounding over the weeds in graceful arcs that at any other time I might have admired. My fear turned to relief. I’d seen deer along the outside of the fence, but never out in the wild and for a moment I watched her until she jumped into the trees that grew along the perimeter. 
It was only as the animal disappeared into the forest that I realized there were so many places to hide. So many shadows. The silence almost overwhelming, watchful. Who was out there? Slowly, I turned. All around me the world went on, and on and on. There was no fence. There was only space. Pure, open sky. Rolling green hills. Grass, so, so soft. 
My heart sped up, whether from hope or despair, I wasn’t sure. I’d wanted this. For so many years I’d dreamt of this moment. But now that I was out in the world I felt only terror. Alone. So much space. Anything could be out there waiting. 
Alone. Alone. 
A twig snapped, the sound echoing across the field. 
I spun around. 
Another deer hopped through the tall grass, disappearing into the trees. And I was alone once more. The world felt as dark and heavy as the clouds above. Thunder growled, rumbling like an irate mutt warning of attack. I had to get out of there and fast. 
“Shelter,” I whispered. “Need to find shelter.” 
I stumbled back, tripping on the hem of my dress, and almost fell to my face. With a growl of frustration, I jerked the long skirts up into my arms and bundled them close to my chest. I couldn’t return to the compound. I couldn’t return to the city. I had…nowhere, nothing. 
Rain trailed down my face, dripping like needles to my shoulders. 
With no other alternative, I fled toward the forest, seeking shelter where I could. Why would Thanatos risk his life to save me, only to leave me here to die from the elements? Unless he hadn’t been saving me after all. Maybe he had been stealing away to feed off of me, yet had been interrupted and decided to dump my body here. 
Just inside the woods, I paused a moment, letting my eyes adjust to the lack of light. Around me large trees grew in abundance, their roots inching under the ground, while their branches and the new spring leaves formed a natural roof above. The forest stretched on and on forever, into another world. A world of shelter and safety. Perhaps it was only a façade of safety, but for now it would do. 
“Amazing,” I whispered. 
Clutching my skirts, I made my way through the trees, marveling over each and every tiny thing I found. Orange mushrooms with funny pointed hats. Small white flowers that reminded me of the stars at night. Beetles that scurried back and forth attempting to get away from the rain that managed to pierce the branches. It was a land of mysteries, a land of so much more than I’d expected; it was exactly what I had always wanted to see, what I’d always dreamt of. Exactly as my books described. 
For a second, only a second, I thought I might be dreaming. Gingerly, I reached out and ran my fingers down the damp bark of a nearby oak tree, over the soft moss clinging to the trunk. Beautiful and real. So real. So many mysteries. My awe overtook any feelings of fear. But it was as I was turning that I spotted something odd…something not of nature. Or so it didn’t seem. 
The wonders of the forest forgotten, I moved around the trees, toward the large, rounded object. The closer I got, the more confused I became. What was it? As large as a carriage, but it looked like no wagon I had ever seen. 
I tripped on a large chunk of rock, my thin slippers providing little protection. But as I crouched to rub my aching toes I realized it wasn’t rock at all, but one of many pieces of some sort of dark material that trailed ahead almost like a road…a broken road. 
Pulled by some strange desire, I stepped from piece to piece, following the broken bits toward that large object that looked like a carriage. 
“Don’t touch it,” Tom’s voice whispered through my mind. “Go back. Hide.” 
I ignored the voice. There were large gaping windows in the front, back, and on the sides of the carriage. Weeds and moss crawled up the doors, coating it in a green blanket that said it must have been sitting there for quite some time. 
“Curiosity killed the cat,” Sally’s voice whispered. 
“You’re in prison,” I whispered harshly to Tom. “And you’re dead,” I snapped at Sally. “So both of you shut up!”
I stepped onto a stretch of road and suddenly I was next to the object, so close I could smell the scent of earth, moss and…metal? 
“What do you think it is?” I whispered to no one. 
Vaguely I realized that if I was talking to myself, I must be going insane, but I pushed the thought aside. Talking made me feel better, and not so alone. Made me forget, for a moment, that I was shaking with cold and fear. As I dared to step closer, something crunched under my feet. 
“How strange.” 
I bent down and found pieces of what looked to be broken glass sparkling under the low light that seeped through the branches. I was right; the carriage had had windows. I reached out and touched the horseless vehicle. Through the moss that covered it, I could see something that looked almost like metal. I reached out, pulling the moss from the frame and ran my hands over the surface. 
When I brought my fingers back I found the telltale mark of rust on my skin. I glanced at the object again. Yes, rust. The massive object was metal. 
“What is it,” I murmured, slowly making my way around the metal beast. 
“Don’t touch it,” Tom whispered. 
I frowned, annoyed. What did he know anyway? Nothing, because he hadn’t read the books I had read, he hadn’t studied in school the way I had. A million thoughts raced through my mind, things that I didn’t quite understand, memories from the books about societies I’d never known. But one novel rang out true and clear…
George Orwell’s Nineteen Eighty-Four. 
A book that had seemed so strange and foreign at the time I couldn’t possibly understand it. A book about wars, dominant societies and lost civilizations. 
I stepped back from the metal object, trying to take it all in, but in the end I just shook my head in bemusement. “Another world? A long-lost society?”  
“No. It can’t be,” Tom whispered. 
Yet, something odd had happened long ago, was still happening. He couldn’t deny what we could see around us. Slowly, I moved around the large metal object, only to see another about ten feet away. No, not just one more…many. They formed a row, almost as if they’d been placed in a line, abandoned along a road of some sort. 
A twig snapped. 
I froze, thoughts about the metal carriage falling to the wayside. My gaze darted around the forest, attempting to decipher movement in those shadows.  
Another deer? 
I started to turn, intending to find a place to hide when I noticed something shift in the shadows across from me, half-hidden by one of the large metal carriages. My mouth went dry. 
An animal? But as I saw the shadow move, I realized it wasn’t a wild animal; no, only a human, or beautiful one would move like that. Frantic, I tried to find a weapon. There…only a few feet away was a chunk of black road that I might have been able to lift. But before I could lunge for it, a person suddenly stood, the whites of his eyes peering at me through the shadows. 
“Run!” Tom’s voice whispered through my mind. 
Instinctively, I spun around and bolted. 
Terror made me faster than I thought possible. I raced around one of the metal boxes, weaving my way in and out, the way I’d seen rabbits run across our commons area. But I wasn’t used to running and my body had grown cold and numb, useless. My terror could only last me so long. 
“Damn!” I snapped, as I stumbled, using the curse word I’d read in one of my books. I couldn’t die now…not out here.   
“Wait!” someone called out. 
“Trust no one,” Sally whispered. 
I could hear the thunder of feet pounding closer…closer. Rationally, I knew that I would never outrun them…not dressed as I was with my heavy skirts weighing me down. But I couldn’t give up. I darted from the trees, fear pulsing bitterly cold through my veins and urging me on. I would not die…not after somehow escaping the castle.   
As I was running down the hill, gripping my skirts to keep from tripping, I dared to glance back. Five men. Five men headed straight at me, their long legs eating up the hill. With a cry of panic, I darted left, behind an outcropping of trees. I felt my shoe slip from my left foot, but I didn’t dare stop to grab it. The slipper tumbled away. I kicked off the other shoe and I raced barefoot down the damp grass. 
“Stop!” one guy called out. 
Frantic, I burst through the weeds only to pull up short as I came to another road. Breathing heavily, I stood there on the hard surface, tiny pebbles biting into my bare feet. It wasn’t cobbled stone, it wasn’t dirt; it was hard, jagged chunks of black, just like in the forest. Another road from long ago? Slowly, I followed that cracked lane. As the trees gave way, something else took their place. 
Buildings…taller than the trees. Buildings that jutted into the sky, higher even than the castle the beautiful ones lived in. Some of the buildings still stood in all their glory, some were falling down into disrepair, their walls broken slabs that piled into mountainous ruins around them. 
Not just one building, but at least five. No, even more in the distance. Eight? Ten? But the buildings were strange, made with a material I’d never seen before: smooth sides, broken angles, windows, so many windows in perfect rows. 
“Stop!” someone cried out from behind me. 
Horrified, I spun around, having for a brief moment forgotten about the men chasing me. 
Too late. 
They stood as a small group watching me through narrowed eyes. A couple held sticks of some sort, a few held swords. Even though they were dressed in plain brown clothing, their faces too dirty and tanned to be beautiful ones, I still trembled in fear. 
“Don’t look weak,” Sally’s voice whispered. 
“Who are you?” I snapped out, proud when my voice didn’t quiver. “Where am I?”
“It’s okay.” One man stepped forward, separating himself from the group. I didn’t miss the silver sword in his hand. Probably only a couple years older than I was, he, at least, looked kind, with his wavy brown hair, and his hazel eyes warm, if wary. That didn’t mean I trusted him. I had a feeling I would never trust anyone again. 
“My name is Will and we’re your friends.” 
Friends? I took a step back, knowing better. In this new world of death and pain, no one could have friends. “What do you want from me?” 
“Nothing.” The speaker stepped closer while his little group watched his back. 
I knew without a doubt that if I tried anything, they’d be on me before I could draw breath. I couldn’t outrun them. I couldn’t fight them. I could only talk myself out of this situation. 
“We’re only here to help you.” 
Help me? I resisted the urge to laugh. How could I trust them? I worried my bottom lip between my teeth. But what choice did I have? As much as I wanted to run, I could admit there was something about the kindness in his eyes that reminded me of Tom when he was trying to tame a wild animal. 
Tom. 
Tom who was going to die. Who might have already been murdered. Everything hit me at once, the emotions I’d been trying to keep buried. The fear. The memories of death. A cold rush of reality that crushed me. “No!” 
My knees buckled, and unable to hold myself up I collapsed. But just like Thanatos, Will was there before I hit the ground, pulling me into his arms and holding me close to his muscled body, guarding me from the rain. He didn’t smell like Thanatos. No, he smelled warm and human and safe.  
“Shhh. You’re okay now. Don’t worry.” He set his sword upon the ground and gently rubbed my bare shoulders. “Everything will be okay.” 
But it wouldn’t. Didn’t he understand? There was no one I could trust anymore. I had nowhere to go. Still, he comforted me and I needed it more than I’d realized. Needed it, but I didn’t want it. 
“Don’t trust him,” Tom’s voice whispered to me, a comment I couldn’t ignore. 
Brushing off my damp cheeks, I pulled back, searching Will’s kind face. “Who are you?” 
He smiled, a dimple flashing in his left cheek. “Jane, you don’t have to be afraid anymore.”
Startled, my heart jumped into my throat. How did he know me? How did he know my name? I shoved his hands away and stood, stumbling back from him. “Who are you?” I repeated, my voice hard, brittle. 
“I know.” He stood slowly, taking his sword with him. “We know everything.”
“We?” I repeated, wondering what they knew and who they were. But I realized as his gaze shifted to the area beyond my shoulder that he wasn’t talking about his band of merry men. 
“We,” I whispered, turning slowly. 
They stood amongst the rubble, in the doorways and open windows. They stood atop the boulders and on those metal carriages left abandoned along the lane. So many people I couldn’t count them. Dirty faces, brown, dingy clothing, wary eyes.  
“We’re the same as you,” Will said. “The same as all the others who came before us. Relatives, friends of those who were murdered, destroyed. But we’re different because we survived.” 
He moved forward, standing at my side, and for one long moment we merely stared at the many, many people who had crawled from those abandoned buildings and stood watching me as if I was the odd one. 
“We,” Will said, raising his sword into the air, “are the chosen ones.” 

The End

I hope you’ve enjoyed the prequel to The Chosen Ones, available in the spring of 2014. If you’re interested in finding out what happens to Jane, head to my website at www.LoriBrighton.com and sign up for my newsletter located on the contact page. This newsletter will give you valuable information about upcoming releases.


     While waiting for The Chosen Ones to be released this spring, check out the excerpt of my bestselling young adult series, The Mind Readers. The ebook version of book 1 is free!


The Mind Readers
Chapter 1

The man sitting across from me at the café was thinking about murdering his wife. 
He imagined stabbing her and pretending like it was a robbery. Or perhaps, he thought, he’d take her hiking, push her off a cliff and say it was an accident; that she’d slipped. I wanted to tell him it wouldn’t work, that in those CSI shows on T.V. they always suspected the husband first. 
Instead, I huddled deep within my down jacket, the diner booth pressing uncomfortably hard against my back. I didn’t dare move for fear of drawing attention to myself. I didn’t want to know his thoughts. I wished he’d keep them to himself. But I suppose he couldn’t help it. The thoughts seeped from his mind like the fog currently drifting in from the harbor. 
Slowly, I slid him a glance out of the corner of my eye. With his thinning brown hair combed neatly into place, and his blue button-up shirt free of wrinkles, he looked like a normal suburban dad. But if there was one thing I’d learned early on in life it was that normalcy, as we thought of it, didn’t exist. It was amazing and frightening what humans were capable of. 
His pale blue eyes met mine. My heart slammed frantically against my ribcage. I dropped my gaze, my long, dark hair falling around my face like a curtain. He’d noticed me looking at him. He was wondering if I was a virgin. He hoped I was. Pervert. Bile crawled up my throat. I wrapped my hands around my cup of Chai tea, hoping the heat would warm my insides. It didn’t. 
But the guy sitting at the table next to me who’d been imagining killing his wife and was now imagining seducing me wasn’t the problem. No, it was the guy sitting across from me, the man with his bright orange hunting cap pulled low over his eyes, the guy waiting for the right moment to rob the café… he was the one who worried me. 
For a second I thought about alerting the owner. Common sense and years of warning got the better of me and I remained stubbornly silent. With a trembling hand, I latched onto the strap of my bag, gripped my cup and slid from the booth. 
My conscience screamed at me to return, to help, say something. But those years of warning overtook any soft feelings. Shifting my bag strap to my shoulder, I rushed from the café before guilt got the better of me. Outside the air was crisp, cool. So normal. It was early fall and the bees were swarming an overflowing trashcan. Dumping my cup, careful to avoid the stinging insects, I pulled my hood atop my head and stuffed my hands into the soft, fleece-lined pockets on my jacket, trying to get warm…always trying. 
A black truck zoomed by, sending fall colored leaves of orange, red and yellow into the air. For one brief moment, as the leaves settled around me, I felt like I was in the safety of a snow globe. But safety was an illusion. We were never safe. Not the people in the café. Not the few pedestrians strolling down the sidewalks. And certainly not me. 
A deep shout resounded from inside the café, a muffled demand. I shouldn’t have been surprised, still my heart made a mad leap for my throat. People screamed, the sound noticeable even through the thick glass windows. I wouldn’t turn back. 
I stepped off the curb, glanced left, then right and darted across the street. I had five minutes to make it home in time and couldn’t be late…again or Grandma would worry. I focused on the long road that led to our small Cape Cod style cottage, focused on the crunch of brittle leaves under my sneakers, focused on breathing. I would not react to the scene around me. I couldn’t. As Grandma repeatedly warned, my very life depended on silence. 
Boom!
A sudden blast rang through the air, vibrating the glass windows. A flock of black starlings burst from the maples lining the road. I flinched, sucking in a sharp breath of cold air and resisted the urge to drop to the cracked sidewalk. Surprise faded quickly and guilt churned deep within my gut. A sickening shame that was almost unbearable. So much regret. Angry at myself, I shoved the feeling aside. Emotions would only weaken me. 
A woman with gray hair who was walking her poodle next to me froze, her gaze pinned to the café. “My God, I think they’re being robbed!” 
I didn’t respond but continued down the sidewalk, forced my feet forward as she fumbled with her cell phone. 
Taking in a deep breath, I slipped the ear buds of my iPod into my ears. Home. I had to make it home before I was late, before nerves got the better of me and I was sick all over the sidewalk. Or worse, before I turned and raced back to the scene. 
But even as I attempted to ignore the guilt thrumming in time with the music, anxiety clawed its way into my lungs, making it hard to breathe. I knew, deep down, I could have stopped it. If only I wasn’t a coward. If only….
Sometimes it really sucked to be able to read minds.
 

About Lori Brighton

Lori has a degree in Anthropology and worked as a museum curator. Deciding the people in her imagination were slightly more exciting than the dead things in a museum basement, she set out to become an author. Lori writes Romance for adults, as well as Young Adult books for teens and adults. 

To find out more about Lori visit her at: www.LoriBrighton.com



Lori’s Young Adult Books:

The Chosen Ones Series:

The Beautiful Ones: Prequel
The Chosen Ones: Book 1, coming Spring 2014!

The Mind Readers Series:

The Mind Readers: Book 1 (Ebook version is free!)
The Mind Thieves: Book 2
The Mind Games: Book 3
The Mind Keepers (Series-ending Novella)

The Matchmaker Series:

Make Me a Match: Book 1

