The Annals of Alasia, Book IV

The Nameless Soldier
by Annie Douglass Lima

Cover Art by 100 Covers 
and 
Savannah Jezowski of Dragonpenpress.com





The Nameless Soldier
Published by Annie Douglass Lima at Smashwords
Copyright 2018 Annie Douglass Lima

This book is available in print at most online retailers.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Acknowledgments 
I could not have written The Nameless Soldier without the help and support of a number of friends and loved ones. I’m grateful to the following people: 
Joana James, sprinting partner and the best of online friends. How would I ever have figured out my plot without your help?
My wonderful beta readers: Michelle Isenhoff, Katy Huth Jones, Valerie Howard, Kandi J. Wyatt, and Tamie Dearen.
Frank and Carolyn Jordan (Grandpa and Grandma), for your tireless work proofreading this manuscript (and all my others). Your constructive criticism has made my writing much stronger.
And of course my dear husband Floyd, for your constant support and encouragement in my writing. I would not be a published author without you.
RECEIVE A FREE FANTASY EBOOK!


I would love to give you a free copy of my book Annals of Alasia: The Collected Interviews. It's a fun little collection of “interviews” I conducted with the characters in my Alasia series and is not available anywhere else. Click here to request your free copy!



CHAPTER ONE



Tarvic woke to the sound of a distant yell, abruptly silenced. He pushed his blankets aside and sat up, puzzled, but heard only the light patter of rain on the canvas. “What was that?”
Drevel, his roommate in the barracks and tentmate out on campaigns like this, stirred and rolled over. “What?”
“I heard something. Someone shouting.” 
“It’s probably just another drill.” But Drevel sat up too, shoving his own blankets away, as Tarvic crawled over and untied the tent flap.
A blast of wintry air and raindrops greeted him as he leaned out, peering across the tent-studded hillside. Clouds hid the moon and stars, and on every side the thick dark of the forest leaned in from the edges of the large clearing. But the telltale flickering light of distant torches sent shadows leaping over tents and across the open spaces between them. Why would someone be using torches out here? Any soldier in camp had easy access to lanterns among the supplies. 
Something was wrong. Very wrong. Tarvic pulled back into the tent and yanked on his breeches and jacket.
They both heard the next yell, closer this time, and then the unmistakable clash of swords. Both men snatched up their own swords, jamming their feet into their boots and fumbling for shields. From all around them, shouts of alarm erupted as men in their company woke up.
And then the enemy was upon them. Horses exploded through the camp, trampling tents and the soldiers just crawling out of them. Riders leaned low off their mounts’ backs, swinging swords and waving torches.
Halfway out of his tent, Tarvic threw himself flat on his face to avoid a slash that would probably have decapitated him. He scrambled to his feet, only to be knocked off them again by a blow that he barely caught on his shield.
Light, shadows, horses, blades, rain. Chaos raged through the clearing to the sound of crashing metal, pounding hooves, shouts of challenge and desperation. Tarvic regained his feet and fought as best he could from the ground while enemy riders thundered around him. Dodging and ducking, he aimed for the men’s legs and tried to keep out from under their horses’ hooves. With no idea who he was fighting or why, his only goal to stay alive for the next heartbeat, he dodged and darted through the tumult looking for spots where horses and enemy swords weren’t. All around him, men fought and ran and crumpled to lie as limply as the trampled tents.
Slipping and stumbling in the mud, Tarvic felt a surge of satisfaction as his sword met flesh and an enemy yelled in pain. And then the man wheeled his horse and charged back toward him, and Tarvic turned to flee. 
He tripped on something soft that groaned. Pain shot through Tarvic’s wrist as he caught his fall, and only a quick roll saved him from being trampled as the man’s horse cantered over him. 
Its rider wheeled again, and Tarvic rose to his knees, barely raising his shield in time to protect his face. The force of the blow threw him backward, jarring his already sore wrist.
Another horse leaped over him, and Tarvic cried out in pain as a hoof struck him on the shoulder. He stumbled to his feet, ducking low to present as small a target as possible, and ran through the melee.
He saw fewer people on foot now, more obstacles in the mud. Was it cowardly to flee from a battle you couldn’t win? Nothing in Tarvic’s eight months in the military had prepared him for this. Not counting occasional minor border skirmishes, the kingdom of Alasia hadn’t seen an actual war in six generations. Besides routine patrols, city peacekeeping, and the frequent drills and training, the military’s primary duties involved escorting merchant wagons through robber-frequented stretches of rural highway and keeping an eye on the sections of coastline where seafaring raiders were known to attack. Tarvic had never fought in a battle that involved more than a handful of opponents at a time, and none of those opponents had been anywhere near this organized — or this deadly. 
If we escape, we can regroup somewhere safer and — A hard blow to the back knocked him to the ground again as another horse pounded over him. Giving up all pretense of courage, Tarvic scrambled to his feet once more and fled for the edge of the clearing and the relative safety of the trees beyond. I can’t do anything here. They’re going to slaughter us all!
He was practically there when another rider appeared in front of him, leaning low with sword outstretched. Tarvic almost impaled himself on the blade, raising his shield just in time. He fought back frantically as the man slashed, swinging his weapon again and again. I need my horse! Military training had included nothing about how to fight a mounted enemy from the ground. But Lightning was tethered in the row of makeshift stalls on the far side of the camp, probably prancing restlessly under his blanket and wondering why his rider didn’t come to spur him into battle.
Tarvic didn’t even see the blow that almost killed him. His ears barely registered the thudding of more galloping hooves from behind, nearly drowned out by the rain and the sounds of battle. But the world exploded in light and pain as something struck the back of his head harder than anything had ever hit him before.
He lurched forward, feeling his sword drop from limp fingers. Managing two steps before his legs buckled, he was just conscious enough to recognize the urgent need to crawl. Don’t stop. Don’t stop. Don’t stop. Or they’ll kill you out here. That was the only thought left in his mind as he pulled himself toward the concealing shadows behind the line of tree trunks. And then even that faded, giving way to darkness.


CHAPTER TWO



 Tarvic woke to the harsh croaking of ravens. There was no moment of drowsy confusion; he knew instantly what had happened. And he was afraid of what he would see when he looked around.
Besides the noise, the next sensation was his head throbbing in agonizing pain. After that was the cold. His whole body was a block of ice.
Bracing himself, he opened his eyes, groaning as light stabbed him in the eyeballs. He lay on his stomach, soaking wet from the rain that still fell. His left arm was pinned under him, shield and all. Trees rose all around, dirty patches of old snow nestled beneath some of them. He had made it to the safety of the forest, which was probably why he was still alive. Everything was silent here except for the ravens, most of which seemed to be behind him, and the rustle of rain among the pine needles.
The largest raven he had ever seen stood barely an arm’s length from his face. It cocked its head, eyeing him with far more boldness than a mere bird had a right to show toward a soldier named after a mighty hero.
“Shoo.” Tarvic had intended to shout, but his voice came out as a pathetic croak. The raven hopped a few inches closer, obviously not impressed by this soldier’s attempt to intimidate it.
“I said shoo.” This time Tarvic managed to wave one hand in a weak little flail. The bird merely stepped aside as though mildly inconvenienced.
Gritting his teeth against the pain, Tarvic struggled to a sitting position. The raven retreated a couple of hops, watching him hungrily with its beady eyes. Shivering, Tarvic unclasped his shield and heaved it at the bird, who finally flew off to find an easier meal.
He rubbed his numb left arm until it tingled painfully. Then he examined himself, one shivering limb at a time, feeling for injuries.
He could tell he must be covered with bruises. His shoulder and back were sore and stiff, his left wrist swollen and painful, but he could still move his fingers. He wasn’t bleeding anywhere, which was a miracle, considering what he had been through. When he hefted himself to his feet, leaning on a tree trunk, he found that his legs could support his weight. The worst injury was definitely his head, and when he felt gingerly at the back of it, the pain almost made him black out again.
But he could stand, and when he took it slowly, he could walk. Tarvic wasn’t going to be food for the ravens just yet. Which left him with no excuse to put off the inevitable any longer.
He turned around.
A few yards away, just beyond the trees, lay the huge clearing in which the army made their camp every few months to train in the hills. Yesterday the area had been filled with orderly rows of tents. A line of supply wagons stood parked on the other side, next to the horse stalls, and beyond that lay the meadow where the soldiers drilled.
Now, the camp had become a mangled mess of mud, trampled tents, and bodies. No wagons were in sight, or horses either. Just destruction and death.
Dizzy and nauseous, Tarvic leaned against the tree for support again, closing his eyes at the horror of it. What happened? How could it have happened?
There might be survivors. He had to check. Bracing himself, he walked out into the clearing, one shaky step after another. I am a soldier of Alasia. I can handle this.
But he saw no one else walking around. Just in case, Tarvic called, “Hello? Is anyone here?” It took him a few tries before his unsteady voice would even rise past the sound of those cursed ravens. But there was no response, no sound except the birds and the rain. If anyone had survived, they must have left, probably to get to the hospital down in the city of Almar.
None of the tents still stood. All were flattened and trampled, and some had long gashes ripped through them. Some, he could tell, contained bodies. 
After a while Tarvic stopped shooing the ravens away from the corpses that lay out in the open. They just came back. He staggered among them, looking for people he knew, taking deep breaths of the wet winter air to try to keep the nausea in check. Twice he had to run stumbling back to the edge of the clearing to lose last night’s supper among the trees.
This just couldn’t be real. These friends he had trained with, lived with, played cards with, stood watch with through snowy nights, laughed with in the tavern after hours, in some cases spent days off with at their homes — they couldn’t be lying here motionless, never to fight or laugh again. They just couldn’t.
But they were.
Most of the men lay in a combination of hastily-donned green uniforms and their night clothes. But here and there Tarvic saw bodies dressed in red and black. He bent over one such figure. What uniform is this? But he knew the answer even as his mind framed the question. These men were Malornians.
Why would Malorn attack us? Alasia and its southern neighbor usually ignored each other, largely because the Grenn River that formed the border was so wide and hard to cross. Tarvic knew that a few brave merchants from both sides forded it on rafts from time to time to trade, and he had heard that kings and queens occasionally made formal visits for state events, but there were no bridges over the Grenn. How would a large army get across? And what did Malorn have against Alasia?
Kings and queens. Tarvic froze as the thought hit him. There could be only one reason why the Malornians had wiped out the Alasian army. One plan they would try to accomplish next.
I have to warn the city!
But he knew it must already be too late. The enemy hadn’t even stopped to bury their own dead. If they were in that much of a hurry, they must have charged straight through to the capital after eliminating all opposition on the way. This camp in the hills would have been the last obstacle — the only major one — for any fighting force traveling from Malorn to Almar.
Unable to stand any longer, Tarvic wove his way back to the trees and collapsed on a fallen log. Still shivering in his wet clothes, he rested his throbbing head in his hands. What’s happening to Alasia? Was there fighting in Almar, and perhaps in other major cities as well, right at this moment? Were civilians being slaughtered? Was the royal family safe? Had the enemy broken into the palace, or was it still under siege?
Tarvic groaned. He could barely stand. He knew he was in no condition to fight or to help anyone. And yet here he was, alive, when so many people weren’t. And hundreds or thousands more could very well die by the time this day was over.
I might as well have died, myself. What was the point in surviving if he couldn’t help his kingdom?
What do I do now? He couldn’t stay here, obviously. He ought to return to the capital and report to headquarters.
But that was stupid. The enemy would have made certain to stop at the military headquarters and kill anyone they found there. If they had taken the trouble to learn the whereabouts of this camp, they must also have learned the location of other key military targets.
But how? Did they have spies and informers in Alasia? Tarvic felt sick at the thought. Had some of his own people betrayed them?
But there was no point in dwelling on that. He needed to decide what to do.
I have to try to help the king. Like every Alasian soldier, Tarvic had sworn an oath to defend his kingdom and its royal family, with his life if necessary. He wasn’t sure what he could do if their palace was under siege, but he could figure that out when he got there. If our people are offering any kind of resistance, it will be at the palace. Any surviving soldiers well enough to make their way down there were probably defending the king and queen and their young son right now. He would find Captain Norrin or whatever officer was in charge and follow his orders. Even if no other soldiers had made it that far, the palace guards would be mounting some sort of defense, perhaps with brave civilians swelling their ranks. An extra man on their side could only help. And as a loyal soldier of Alasia, Tarvic saw no other option.
Even if he hadn’t been a soldier, though, Tarvic would have done anything in his power to help King Jaymin. He would never forget his first encounter with the King of Alasia. The encounter that had changed the course of his life.
Tarvic was nine years old and had been walking home from another humiliating day at school. Thoroughly confused by that day’s math lesson, he had completed every problem incorrectly. He could still hear his classmates’ laughter when the teacher had called on him to work out the answer to a problem on the board at the front of the room.
Halfway home, Tarvic stopped near the outskirts of Tainabi. Picking up a stick, he took out his frustrations on a young sapling, attacking it with his makeshift weapon the way he had seen soldiers outside the local barracks practicing against each other with unsharpened swords. Teeth clenched in determination, he copied all the moves he had learned by watching through the fence every weekend. In his imagination, he was defeating hordes of enemies, all of whom bore a striking resemblance to the classmates who taunted him.
Tarvic was so engrossed in his battle he barely heard the horses trotting down the road behind him, barely heard someone give the order to stop. A moment later, when he paused for breath and to prepare for a new sally against the foe, he felt eyes on him, and he spun around.
A dozen mounted guards in blue and white palace uniforms sat watching his skirmish from their horses’ backs. But what made Tarvic’s mouth fall open was the family of three who sat in the gilded carriage. King Jaymin III smiled at him from beside the queen, their two-year-old son bouncing on her lap. “Good form, lad.”
Tarvic stared, his mouth hanging open. He could scarcely believe that the king of Alasia had just spoken to him, let alone complimented him. But he remembered to bow and stammer out a, “Th-thank you, your Majesty.” And then, in a surge of courage, he added, “I’m going to be a soldier someday.”
“I have no doubt you’ll perform heroic deeds for Alasia,” the king told him, still smiling. “What’s your name?”
Tarvic hesitated. People at school made fun of him for his name. No one believed that a shy, skinny boy shorter than everyone else his age who couldn’t do sums to save his life deserved to be named after a hero. But the king was waiting, and so he whispered, “Tarvic, sire.”
The king’s eyes lit up. “Like Tarvic the Mighty, who defended these parts against the seafaring raiders for thirty years and slew four of their most fearsome leaders singlehandedly? A most fitting name for a promising young warrior like yourself.”
Tarvic was speechless as the king dug a hand in his pocket. “Buy yourself a better weapon to practice with, young Tarvic.” And he reached over and handed him a gold coin.
The royal family and their guards were far down the country road on their way to whatever royal engagement they were expected at before Tarvic realized he had forgotten to thank the king for his gift. But he clutched the coin to his heart, overwhelmed with joy and gratitude. Not just for the money, which he used the next day to buy the best toy sword, shield, and helmet available in Tainabi. No, his king’s faith in him meant far more. Until that day, joining the army had been a distant dream. From that moment on, it became his all-consuming passion. And even at age nine, Tarvic would gladly have sacrificed his life for the monarch who felt he had a fitting name.
Perhaps today he would have to. The king and his family were probably in danger at this moment. Their lives, not to mention Alasia’s future, depended on whether their people could protect them from these invaders. Tarvic had to try.
He looked down at his uniform. Though covered with mud and other people’s blood, it was still unmistakably a military uniform. If enemies see me in this, they’ll kill me before I get anywhere close to the palace. He couldn’t go down into the city looking like a soldier.
But he had nothing else to wear. Of course he kept civilian clothes in his locker back in the barracks for days off, but for this week-long training up in the hill camp, he had brought only uniforms.
Maybe another soldier had something he could borrow. The thought of taking clothes from a dead man made Tarvic’s stomach turn again. But it wasn’t as though his companions needed them anymore. And he knew any man in his company would gladly have lent him a coat or tunic to save his life.
Part of him wondered what the point was. Why should I live when everyone else is dead? Tarvic himself felt more dead than alive at the moment, anyway. All he wanted was to lie down and never get up.
But he couldn’t give in to despair. King Jaymin and his family need me. I have a sworn duty to fulfill. If he was killed in the line of duty on this awful day, so be it. Perhaps that would be for the best. But he could not, would not, abandon that duty as long as his heart was still beating.
Tarvic waited a moment longer, shivering, taking deep breaths to try to regain some strength. Then he stood up, still fighting dizziness, and steeled himself to walk back into the carnage.
He looked around for the sword he had dropped just before he lost consciousness, but it was nowhere to be found. Though he supposed he could borrow someone else’s, Tarvic wanted that sword. He had spent two long years working in his father’s carpentry shop after he finally finished school, saving up for his own sword and then the horse. He paid a retired soldier who lived down the street to give him lessons, and he practiced every evening, yearning for the day when he could finally use that sword in his kingdom’s service.
Well, if he was really going to sacrifice his life for Alasia today, it didn’t matter what weapon he held as he died. Giving up the search for his own sword, Tarvic cast about for another one. But he realized that no weapons lay near any of the bodies.
Of course, walking around with a sword would make him an immediate target to enemy soldiers, but he would feel better if he could at least carry a concealed dagger. However, Tarvic couldn’t find a single blade anywhere. The enemy must have taken them all. Well, perhaps someone defending the palace would have an extra weapon he could borrow.
Tarvic cast a wistful eye toward the empty horse stalls. He would miss his horse, too. Lightning was a good steed and hadn’t been cheap, and returning to the capital on foot would be a difficult ordeal in Tarvic’s current condition. But not a single horse was in sight. Perhaps the enemy had stolen them or driven them away to make sure any survivors couldn’t use them.
Now that he was paying attention, Tarvic could see that some tents had been removed, too. That puzzled him. Why would the Malornians take the time or trouble to pack up their victims’ supplies? Perhaps they’d left a few men behind to scavenge what they could and make sure no survivors would have access to weapons, while the rest marched on the capital. Or perhaps the Alasian survivors, if there were any, had gathered horses and other items they needed before fleeing. Tarvic wanted to believe in that possibility, but how could anyone have survived last night? In any case, if anyone else was alive, they were long gone.
He recognized a brown coat that lay crumpled in the mud. That’s Drevel’s! Tarvic reached for it, stifling a groan at the thought of his friend’s fate. But the coat, though filthy, was intact, with no signs to indicate that its owner had been hacked to pieces while wearing it. Perhaps Drevel just dropped it as he crawled out of the tent. Perhaps he escaped with other survivors and didn’t have time to come back for the coat.
But Tarvic told himself that was too much to hope for. His friend’s body probably lay somewhere in this field of corpses, soon to be food for the ravens.
Fighting back another wave of nausea, Tarvic peeled off his distinctive green jacket and put on the coat. Drevel wouldn’t mind. It hung to mid-calf, covering his uniform tunic and most of his breeches. Better yet, it was thick and warm. He rose to his feet, buttoned it all the way up, and staggered toward the edge of camp.
He had to leave this place of death. Without a horse, he knew he might not make it all the way to the palace, which lay at the far edge of Almar, just above the coast. Actually, he wasn’t even sure if he would live long enough to reach the near edge of the city. His head hurt worse than any injury had ever hurt before, and he felt sick and dizzy and pathetically weak. Still, he would use the last bit of life left in him to try to protect King Jaymin and his family.
And so Tarvic left the scene of the massacre behind and trudged along the muddy track that led down to the city. With the ruins of the camp barely out of sight behind him, he started to stagger with dizziness, so he stopped to rest. No convenient logs presented themselves this time, so he just lay down by the side of the road, in the rain, curled up in Drevel’s coat. It was waterproof, but the rest of his clothes were still wet. He realized he should have found his tent, dug out his pack, and traded his tunic and breeches for dry ones, even if they were still his uniform. But it was too late now. He wasn’t going back. 
After a while, the dizziness faded a little, so Tarvic forced himself to his feet and kept going.
Every few minutes, he stopped to rest again. Sometimes he simply collapsed in the road when the pain and dizziness got too bad. Sometimes he fell asleep or lost consciousness as he lay there, but the cold always woke him. He ordered himself to get up and keep walking — after all, walking was the only way to keep anywhere close to warm.
He half-expected to meet people on the way: Alasian soldiers looking for survivors to rescue, Malornian soldiers looking for survivors to finish off, civilians searching for loved ones or coming to bury the dead. But he saw no one.
As the hours passed, the pain and dizziness grew worse. His stops grew more frequent and lasted longer. Every time he collapsed on the cold, wet ground, the urge to just give up and die there grew stronger.
But he couldn’t die. Not yet. He thought of the faces of King Jaymin, Queen Esarelle, the young Prince Jaymin. They needed his service. They were his reason to live. That reason kept forcing Tarvic back to his feet, forcing him to keep going. He had to get to the palace. He wasn’t sure what he would do when he got there, but that was a problem for later. Keep walking. Just now, that was his only thought.


CHAPTER THREE



The trip from the camp to the city took about an hour on horseback. On foot, injured and dizzy, sick with the grief and horror that felt like a steel fist in his belly, increasingly parched with thirst — Why didn’t I bring my canteen? — it took Tarvic all morning and into the afternoon.
Almar huddled in terror. As he finally staggered into town, Tarvic saw frightened faces peering out of windows, neighbors darting from house to house to stand whispering in each other’s doorways. But few people strolled along the roads, and most of the businesses he passed were locked up tightly.
Soldiers patrolled the streets. They rode here and there in little groups, their drawn swords and shields and red and black uniforms a brazen announcement that Malorn had claimed this city. Tarvic shrank away from them, turning his face aside when they passed, dreading what would happen if they somehow recognized him as a soldier. Not that he was afraid to die. It was only a matter of time until that happened. He was just afraid to die before he could do something meaningful with what was left of his life. Like sacrifice it to protect his king.
Above the rooftops, Tarvic could barely make out the tips of the distant palace spires. Are the gates still intact? Have the invaders broken in? How long will it take me to get close enough to even see what’s happening there?
It didn’t matter. He would keep walking as long as he was able, and crawl if not, and do anything he could when he arrived.
But Tarvic’s legs buckled again, and he sat down by the side of the road for a moment. Looking around at the few anxious passersby, he was too exhausted to decide if he should tell anyone about what had happened up in the hills. Perhaps people already knew. With enemy soldiers roaming the capital, they obviously knew something terrible had happened.
What could I say, anyway? Tarvic couldn’t think of any words that would do justice to the horrors he had witnessed. Besides, anyone he spoke to would ask questions he couldn’t answer, like whether their husbands or brothers or fathers had survived.
Water. He knew he was dehydrated. He needed to find a well or a pump. Poor neighborhoods usually had one on a convenient street corner, but these streets were paved with cobblestones, and the houses around him were large. Each family probably had their own pump outside their back door. Tarvic hurt too badly and felt too dizzy to muster up the energy to knock on a stranger’s door and beg for help. Besides, then they would ask what had happened to him, and he would be forced to explain things he couldn’t bring himself to talk about.
So he struggled back to his feet and stumbled on down the street in the direction of the palace, hoping that along the way he would find water or help or answers or new strength, or that he would wake up and discover that everything had been a horrible nightmare. 
People stared from windows and doorways as Tarvic went by, but no one approached him. Perhaps they were as numb as he was. Perhaps they were afraid of bringing trouble on themselves if they helped him. Perhaps they thought he was one of the enemy. Perhaps they assumed it was a trap. Perhaps, seeing no obvious injuries, they didn’t realize Tarvic was at death’s door. So he stumbled on, occasionally falling to his knees, sometimes crawling for a few paces until his swollen wrist and sore shoulder couldn’t take his weight anymore and he mustered the strength to rise to his feet again.
When the light grew dimmer, he realized he had accidentally entered a narrow alley between two buildings. He noticed the smell of rotting food and the squeak and scurry of rats just an instant before he floundered into a garbage pile. One of the buildings must be a restaurant or tavern. A few steps further on, beside a closed door, stood a pump.
Tarvic collapsed beside it, cutting one hand on a broken pottery jar that someone had thrown out with the garbage. It took several tries before his shaking hands could pick up the jar and work the handle of the pump. And then the water missed the receptacle entirely, and he had to reposition it. But finally enough liquid splashed inside the shallow piece for him to lift it to his mouth for a much needed drink. He pumped more in and gulped it down, repeating the process again and again.
About the same time that his thirst finally eased and the dizziness receded, he heard distant drumbeats and trumpets. A parade?
The sounds drew closer, and he realized whoever was making them would pass along the road right by his alley. Then he noticed a new sound. Voices were calling out — no, wailing. Wailing, crying, sobbing out loud. Goosebumps rose on Tarvic’s skin, and not just because of the cold ground he was sitting on or the water he had spilled on his lap.
Beyond the mouth of the alley, Tarvic saw people emerging from their houses, stepping outside to see what was going on. He heard hoofbeats, and then a double row of men in red and black appeared. A trumpeter and two drummers rode at the front, followed by rows of armed soldiers.
A victory parade. Tarvic wrapped Drevel’s coat more tightly around himself and shrank against the rough bricks of the wall, drawing his legs in to hide the green of his breeches. If they noticed him at all, perhaps they would assume he was simply a drunkard or a beggar, huddled in the alley beside a garbage heap.
And then came the wagon. Tarvic felt his mouth drop open as it rolled slowly past, and his heart gave a sickening lurch. Nausea threatened again, and he pressed a shaking hand over his mouth.
A sloping platform had been erected in the back of the wagon, and three bodies lay strapped to it, on display for everyone to see. Three very obviously dead bodies. A man. A woman. A young boy. All of them dressed in velvet adorned with jewels.
A wail of horror rose from Tarvic’s throat to match those resounding from the street. He lurched to his feet and took a few steps, reaching instinctively for his nonexistent sword. But some spark of self-preservation stopped him before he could throw himself into his enemies’ clutches in a futile quest to avenge the death of his monarchs.
The wagon rolled on out of sight, more soldiers bringing up the rear. Tarvic dropped to his hands and knees again, still wailing, feeling hot tears spill out of his eyes and splash onto the backs of his hands.
Alasia is dead. Alasia is dead. Alasia is dead.
If he had a weapon, he might just have thrown himself onto it in his grief and despair. Instead, he lurched to his feet, lost the contents of his stomach again, turned, and ran stumbling out the other end of the alley. He had to get out of this cursed city.
He ran until the dizziness overtook him and he fell sprawling on his face in the street. He got up and staggered on once more, running and falling and bruising his battered body again and again until he found his way back to the hills. He ran, gasping for breath, until he could only walk, and then only crawl. And finally he stopped and crumpled under a tree, flat on his face in the mud.
All he could do now was wait to die. 
Relief was the last thing he felt as darkness finally washed over him.


CHAPTER FOUR



To his surprise, Tarvic didn’t die. He awoke in the gloom of an overcast morning, every part of his body sore, fire screaming through his head from that awful injury, his throat dry and burning. He was shivering convulsively.
Groaning, he rolled over. Though he had no desire to get up, the ground was too cold to keep lying there. With difficulty, he wrapped one stiff arm around the tree trunk beside him and pulled himself to his feet.
He stood on a wooded hillside, surrounded by bare trees, dry grass, and sparse brush. He had no idea where he was. It didn’t matter, of course, since he had nowhere to go and would probably be dead soon anyway.
Just to try to warm up, he trudged forward aimlessly, the weight of Drevel’s coat almost too much for him to walk under. He realized he had eaten nothing yesterday, but he still didn’t feel hungry. Just weak and parched with thirst. Every step jarred his sore head like a blow, but when he stopped and sat down, the cold ground drove him to his feet again.
The wounds to his heart were even worse than the ones to his body. Recalling the lifeless figures of his companions and of the royal family, whom he had been unable to save, a cry of anguish slipped out from his lips. He saw in his mind the kind, smiling face of the king who thought being named after a famous warrior was fitting for Tarvic. And he wished he could rip his name out and throw it away. I don’t deserve to carry that name. I’m a worthless excuse for a soldier who crawled away from a battle and then couldn’t even protect my king.
Tarvic wondered what the Malornians were doing in Almar today. Were they destroying the city? Looting, burning? Killing citizens one by one, as they had killed the king? Or forcing everyone to work for them as slaves?
One way or another, Alasia was doomed. These invaders who thought nothing of slaughtering the entire army and parading dead rulers around the city to let everyone see what they had done would show no mercy. If he had just a little more strength, Tarvic would go back and try to fight. But in his current state, the first Malornian who saw him would laugh and dispatch him with one careless blow. No, it was better to die alone out here where he wouldn’t give his enemies the satisfaction.
Tarvic staggered across the wooded hillsides for hours, the pain in the back of his head stabbing mercilessly through his skull. He stumbled up and down slopes, weaving his way between trees, falling often and lying crumpled wherever he fell until the cold forced him up again. After the first few times, he stopped wiping away the trickles of blood from the cuts on his hands and face. What was the point?
Eventually the trees gave way to sloping meadows. He came to a farm, its fields as stark and empty as his heart, the house and barn standing lonely beyond them. A horse whinnied as he passed. It’s laughing at me. The enemy probably hadn’t come through here yet, or they would likely have stolen whatever livestock they could find. He wondered how soon they would move from the city to the countryside, crushing all of Alasia in their path.
Further down the slope, two little boys were playing with a speckled puppy in front of another farmhouse. They were still happy, still innocent. Would the enemy come to destroy their lives as it had destroyed his? Or would this isolated farming community be spared?
The younger boy caught sight of Tarvic staggering by, and his eyes widened. His mouth fell open and he shrieked, grabbing his brother’s arm and pointing.
Tarvic paused, leaning on a fence post. He was in no mood to be around people, but the alarm in the child’s expression tugged at his heart. I’m no enemy. “Hello,” he called. “No need to be afraid.”
But his voice came out in a rasping croak, the words barely intelligible even to himself. The older boy snatched up the puppy, and both children turned and fled into their house. “Mother, Mother! There’s a crazy man out there!” he heard one of them yell.
Head down in shame, Tarvic shuffled away so he wouldn’t frighten them further. If he knew anyone in this area, he might try to ask for help, in spite of the fact that he would probably be dead soon regardless. But he was a stranger here. His family all lived in or near Tainabi, at the opposite end of the kingdom, and his friends — he let out another groan at the thought of what had happened to them.
He passed more farms, but he didn’t make eye contact or try to talk to anyone he saw. Though hunger gnawed at him now, any temptation he might have had to ask for food had been stripped away. Anybody whose door he knocked on would be horrified at the sight of him. No one would help him. He didn’t deserve their help, anyway. He hadn’t helped the king and his family, after all, or his own companions.
In a bare pasture, a white cow stood munching a few wintry shrubs right by the fence. Tarvic paused, weak with hunger and dizzy with pain and thirst. He knew it was stealing, and if he had any money, he would have left a few coins on the fence post as payment. But his pockets were as empty as his stomach. Fighting a wave of guilt, he crawled between the bars of the fence, knelt half under the cow, and reached up to take hold of one of her teats. Though raised on the outskirts of the city, he had spent enough weekends on his grandparents’ farm that he was well acquainted with the chore of milking cows.
It hurt to tilt his throbbing head so far back, but he squeezed the milk out directly into his mouth. Choking at first, he gulped gratefully, thankful through his guilt for its rich warmth.
The cow shifted restlessly but didn’t try to move away. Tarvic drank all he could hold and then crawled out of the pasture again, groaning in shame at what he had done. How low have I fallen?
Narrow dirt roads wound their way between trees and farms, and Tarvic stumbled along them, turning corners at random. When he saw people coming, he veered off into the trees or brush. He was a milk thief who didn’t deserve his noble name, and he obviously wasn’t fit for human eyes to look upon.
Sometimes he was sure he passed the same farms he had passed before, but he didn’t care if he was going in circles. He had no destination anyway. His only goal was to keep moving, simply because it was warmer than lying down. Eventually death would end this nightmare.
But he was still hungry. It wasn’t right; it wasn’t fair. His body wouldn’t let him give up. Outside the back door of one farmhouse, someone had spread thin apple slices on a sheet to dry in the afternoon sun. Hating himself for taking what wasn’t his yet again, Tarvic stumbled close enough to snatch up a double handful and then shambled away, hoping no one had seen him. He stuffed the pieces into his mouth, devouring them as he walked, and then spent the next two hours doubled over under a tree, groaning with the pangs of an awful stomachache.
Finally the dizziness and the pain in his head overwhelmed him again. Sometime in the late afternoon, Tarvic curled up in a miserable shivering ball and fell into darkness.


CHAPTER FIVE



“You look strange.”
Tarvic opened his eyes, surprised to discover that he was still alive. Dusk was falling, and he felt like a block of ice once more.
He looked blearily up from where he lay in the dirt, his throbbing head pillowed on a tree root. A little girl perhaps five years old stood looking down at him, head cocked to one side, hands on her hips. She didn’t appear to be afraid of him, but Tarvic wasn’t sure if that was good or bad.
He felt gingerly at the lump on the back of his head. It was as big as ever and still hurt just as much. Stiffly, he uncurled himself from where he lay huddled on the ground, and couldn’t keep back a cry of pain as his sore shoulder bumped against the tree.
The child did take a step back at that, but she looked more concerned than afraid. “Are you a crazy man?”
He couldn’t figure out how to answer her question. He supposed he probably was crazy. He knew normal people didn’t go walking around the wilderness waiting to die, but he felt he had some pretty valid reasons for his behavior. “I don’t know,” he managed finally. Any other response would have taken too much energy.
“We saw you go by three times today. My big sister says you’re probably a crazy man, but my biggest sister says you might just be a sad man.” The little girl bent over to peer down at him. “So are you a sad man or a crazy man?”
Shivering, Tarvic cradled his head in one hand. “Can’t I be both?”
She thought about this for a moment, her expression serious, then she made up her mind. “Yes. You can be both.”
“All right. That’s good to know.” Would she leave him alone now that they had established this?
“What are you doing here, Sad Crazy Man?”
Now I have an actual title? Tarvic wasn’t sure whether to laugh or cry at the idea. Her title fits me better than my real name. The thought made him groan in shame.
The little girl was waiting for an answer, and now he couldn’t remember her question. “What?” he managed.
She wrapped her coat more tightly around herself as a breeze ruffled her brown hair. “I said, what are you doing here?”
“I don’t know.” Again, any other answer would have taken too much energy. “I don’t have anything to do.”
Her eyes widened. The thought of not having anything to do obviously shocked her. “We have lots of things to do at my house. If we finish, my big sister and my biggest sister find more chores for me.”
Good for you. Why don’t you go do them, then, and leave me alone to rest?
But the little girl didn’t leave. She crouched down beside him, carefully hiking up her patched dress so it wouldn’t drag in the dirt. “Why don’t you go home to your family if you don’t have anything to do here?”
“My family is far away.” Not to mention it would mean a long and probably dangerous walk across enemy-occupied territory. And how could he face his parents and brother and sister after he had failed to defend Alasia from its enemies?
“You can go play with your friends.”
“I’m nineteen. I’m too old to play.”
“Then you can go sit with your friends and talk to them like other grown-ups do, and they can help you feel better from feeling so sad.”
“I can’t. My friends are dead.”
When he saw the horror wash over her face, he wished he could take back his words. A child this young didn’t need to hear about death. Now I’ve made this poor innocent little girl miserable.
“Did Malnornian soldiers killed your friends?”
So word had already spread. “Yes.” The syllable stuck in his throat.
“My father is a soldier, but he’s a good one, not a bad one like them. He’ll fight the bad soldiers and make them go away, and then you won’t have to be so sad anymore.”
An anguished cry slipped out of Tarvic’s lips. How could he explain to this poor sweet child that she would never see her father again?
She reached for his hand, caked in dirt and the dried blood from a dozen different cuts. “You don’t have to be lonely, Sad Crazy Man. I’ll be your friend.”
Her kindness drew a sob out of him, and then another. She patted his shoulder with her free hand, looking concerned. “Do you want to come to my house and pet my cat? His name is Purry. When my big sister is sad or scared, she pets Purry, and he helps her feel better. Maybe you’ll feel better if you come pet Purry.”
Tarvic shook his head, which sent a wave of pain through him. He took a deep breath and wiped his eyes on his filthy sleeve, trying to regain control. “No. I can’t come to your house. Your cat won’t help me.”
“Yes. You can.” She tugged at his hand, trying to pull him to his feet. “’Cause it’s getting dark, and my biggest sister says I shouldn’t stay out after dark, but she won’t be angry if there’s a grown-up with me, ’cause then the wolfs won’t eat me.”
“There aren’t any wolves in these hills.”
“But you shouldn’t stay here by yourself at night.” She tugged at his hand again. “It gets very cold, and you might be scared of the dark.” Her anxious glance around at the gathering shadows hinted that she might be, at any rate. “Come on, Sad Crazy Lonely Man. Come to my house and pet Purry, and then you can have supper with me and my big sister and my biggest sister. And maybe you can have a bath, too, because you smell bad and you’re really dirty.”
Tarvic finally gave in to her tugging and rose to his feet, just because she was hurting his sore wrist. “I’ll walk you home, but I won’t stay. Your mother won’t like you bringing a strange man into your house.”
“I don’t have a mother. And you’re not a strange man anymore now that I know you, just a Sad Crazy Lonely Man.”
Against his better judgment, Tarvic let her pull him toward the dirt track. “No mother? Then who takes care of you when your father is gone?”
“My big sister and my biggest sister. And sometimes Uncle Jorn, but he’s usually gone, ’cause he doesn’t like us much, only don’t tell Father that part, or he’ll get angry. And Uncle Jorn doesn’t like cheese, but I like cheese.”
She chattered her way down the lane, pointing out the road to her friend’s house along the way and talking about the kittens she had gone to see at someone else’s farm and how she hoped her sisters wouldn’t be angry that she had stayed out so long. She kept a firm hold on Tarvic’s hand as though afraid he would run off and leave her. No danger of that. He could barely keep up with her.
Finally she dragged him up the porch steps of a cottage and flung the front door open. Inside, a girl who looked to be ten or eleven years old was setting the table with tin plates and cups. She looked up with a frown when they came in. “There you are. We were starting to think —” Then she caught sight of Tarvic and gasped.
An older girl, perhaps sixteen, stood up from where she had been cooking something at the hearth. Her eyes widened when she saw Tarvic, and she took an involuntary step backward. “What in the world?” She snatched up a frying pan hanging by the fireplace and brandished it like a club. “Get out of our house! Now! And let go of my sister!”
“I’m leaving. I’m sorry.” Hanging his head, Tarvic turned to go, feeling wretched for frightening these poor orphan girls.
“No!” The little one clutched at his hand with both of hers. “Don’t be so mean!” she scolded her sister. “He’s not a bad man. He’s my friend. He brung me home when I was out there in the dark with the wolfs. Now he’s going to have supper with us and pet Purry.” She let go with one hand to point to a gray cat curled up near the fireplace. “See? There he is.” Reaching behind Tarvic, she pulled the door shut as though to cut off his escape, and then clutched his hand again.
Tarvic backed away, nearly tripping on the doormat. “Sorry to bother you all. I’m leaving now. I didn’t mean to intrude.” He fumbled for the door handle.
The oldest sister came a step closer, frying pan still at the ready but lowered a little. “You’re the fellow who’s been wandering around these parts all afternoon.”
The middle girl stepped closer, too. “What are you doing here?”
He closed his eyes and leaned against the doorjamb, exhausted at the thought of trying to explain it. I can’t tell them I’m a soldier. They’ll ask questions about their father. Besides, then he would have to explain his failure to defend Alasia. Poor leaderless, futureless Alasia. 
“He’s a Sad Crazy Lonely Man, because his family is far far away and his friends are all dead from the Malnornians,” Tarvic’s little protector announced. “That’s why he’s going to eat supper with us and pet Purry to feel better.”
Both of her sisters put hands to their mouths in sympathy or dismay. “I’m so sorry!” exclaimed the oldest one, returning the frying pan to its hook. “We had no idea. What happened?”
Tarvic just stared at the floor. He didn’t want to discuss it, and besides, he couldn’t explain things to them without letting them know that their father must be dead too. He couldn’t be the one to break that news to these poor girls. He just couldn’t.
“I didn’t mean to be nosy,” the same girl apologized. “If you’d rather not talk about it, we understand. It’s none of our business. But of course you can join us for supper.”
“I shouldn’t.” Tarvic gave up trying to free his hand and just slumped against the closed door. “I don’t want to trouble you. I was only walking your sister home. I’ll leave now.”
“Do you have anywhere to go?” asked the middle girl.
That hadn’t stopped him yet, though he couldn’t think of a way to say so.
But it was cold out there. The fire, along with a pair of candles on the table, filled the cottage’s single room with warmth and a comforting, flickering light that reminded him of family dinners back home. Besides, he was starving.
He could tell the older two still felt timid around him, but they dragged an extra chair up to the table and introduced themselves. His little friend was Sennie, her next older sister was Rania, and the oldest one was Crielle. But he shook his head and lowered his eyes again when they asked his name. Tarvic the Mighty would be disappointed in me. If their father was a soldier, this family had probably heard of the original Tarvic, and it filled him with shame to imagine what that hero would think of his lack of heroism, his inability to save anyone but himself.
No, it was better to leave that name behind for what little was left of his life. From now on, he would just be a nameless soldier. No past. No future. No identity.
Crielle stirred a little more water into the pot that hung over the fire while Rania brought a chunk of soap and a basin of water for Tarvic to wash his hands and face. She grimaced at how filthy the water was when he was done, and poured another basin full for him to repeat the process. Even after a second washing, it was almost as dirty as the first time.
Supper was simple: a stew made from beans, onions, and slivers of ham, with tall cups of milk on the side. Tarvic’s empty stomach welcomed it like a banquet, and this time he reminded himself to eat slowly so he wouldn’t get sick again. There wasn’t enough for anyone to have a second helping, except of milk. These girls are sacrificing what little food they have for someone they’ve never even met before.
Crielle poured a bowl of milk for the cat, and when he had finished lapping it up, Sennie picked him up around the middle and deposited him in Tarvic’s arms. “Now Purry will help you feel better.”
But Purry sniffed at his clothes, jumped to the floor, and retreated under the sofa to lick his paws. He probably smelled the blood and wanted nothing to do with this grimy stranger.
“I should go now.” There was no point in postponing the inevitable. “Thank you very much for the supper.” Tarvic’s head still hurt horribly, but he felt better for the meal, and the thought of trudging back out into the lonely cold filled him with misery. Besides, rain was pattering on the roof now. Still, what choice did he have?
“But you don’t have anywhere to go,” Sennie protested. “That tree where you were taking a nap isn’t a good home. You can stay here.”
“Well ….” Crielle looked uncomfortable.
“I can’t do that,” Tarvic was quick to agree. “It wouldn’t be appropriate. Don’t worry, I’ll find somewhere to sleep.”
“But you don’t know anyone who lives around here, do you?” Rania asked. “And the closest inn is all the way over in Almar.”
“I suppose you could sleep in our barn if you want,” Crielle offered. “I know it wouldn’t be all that comfortable, but Father built it up bigger and fixed the roof the last time he was home, so it doesn’t leak. Of course, it smells like cows in there, and we have three of them now.” She glanced at his mud-stained clothes and closed her mouth as though to stop herself from saying anything else.
Had she glimpsed his uniform? Tarvic wrapped Drevel’s coat more tightly around himself.
“The Sad Crazy Lonely Man smells worse than three cows, so I don’t think he’ll mind.” Sennie’s voice was matter-of-fact.
“Sennie!” exclaimed both her sisters in shocked disapproval.
Tarvic lowered his eyes again. I’m making their house stink.
The little girl patted him on the knee. “Don’t feel bad, Sad Crazy Lonely Man. I’m still your friend no matter how bad you smell. And at least you washed some of the dirt off your hands and face, so you don’t look so strange now. Tomorrow when it’s not so cold you can have a bath.”
“Tomorrow I need to leave.” He certainly couldn’t impose on their hospitality for more than one night, and what was the point when his days were numbered anyway? But he decided not to argue. The warmth of a barn sounded awfully appealing in this weather, and he didn’t fancy staggering about in wet clothes again.
“Purry will come to the barn with you and catch the mouses for you, if you want,” Sennie offered, oblivious to his train of thought. “They live in there, but he eats them, so you don’t have to be scared if you see one. And they’re scareder of you than you are of them.”
“I’ll fetch the blankets from Father’s bed.” Crielle climbed a wooden ladder and disappeared into a loft above their heads. “There will be plenty of time to wash them before he comes home.”
Tarvic hung his head again, dreading the moment when they found out their father would never come home.
The barn had a loft, too, thickly padded with hay. Though initially colder than the house since it had no fireplace, it was sturdily built, and the warmth of the family’s three cows filled it cozily. Tarvic wrapped the blankets around himself and was asleep on his hay mattress almost immediately.


CHAPTER SIX



Tarvic woke to the sound of a knock on the door. Without even thinking, he mumbled, “Come in.”
The barn door creaked and a chilly breeze wafted in, and he remembered where he was. It was still dark outside, but Crielle stepped in carrying a lantern and three buckets. “Sorry to wake you, but it’s milking time, and it’s my turn today.”
I’m still alive. Tarvic had half expected to die in his sleep from his injuries. He sat up in his nest of prickly hay and blankets, groaning as pain shot through his head and his aching limbs. He rested his forehead in his hands, fighting hopelessness and despair as he remembered that both he and Alasia had only darkness in their futures now.
For some reason the wounds to his heart didn’t hurt quite as desperately this morning. Perhaps it was because he had actually slept soundly and woken up warm. But then he thought of his dead companions lying out in the cold amid the ruins of their camp and felt guilty for being comfortable.
“Could you toss down some hay for the cows?” Crielle asked.
Tarvic did so, managing to drop most of it into their mangers. He longed to curl back up under his blankets and escape from the grim reality of life for a few more hours, but he had taken advantage of his hostesses’ kindness for too long already. He should get up and be on his way.
Better yet, he should put in a little work in exchange for the meal they had shared last night, and then be on his way.
The thought of work lifted his spirits a little. How long had it been since he had done anything useful?
Checking to make sure Drevel’s coat was buttoned all the way up to hide any hint of his uniform, Tarvic clambered stiffly down the ladder. Dizziness washed over him halfway to the barn floor, and he clung to one of the wooden rungs until the worst of it passed. “I can help you milk the cows.”
Crielle had already pulled up a stool and started on the first one. “That’s kind of you, but you don’t have to. You’re our guest.”
“Please let me help. I would feel better about accepting your hospitality.”
“Well, if you’re sure.”
He picked up one of the other buckets. She was sitting on the only stool, so he knelt before the second cow and started in.
It hurt to put weight on his battered knees, and his swollen left wrist meant that he had to do most of the work with just his right hand. But in spite of his injuries, he found something satisfying in the task. The streams of milk frothing into the bucket brought back instant childhood memories from the farm. As a young boy, Tarvic had always complained about having to get up early for the milking, but otherwise he enjoyed farm life. Now, with his forehead pressed against the cow’s warm flank and the simple satisfaction of seeing the milk level rise in the bucket, Tarvic wondered if he had chosen the wrong career. If a farmer fails at his job, nobody dies.
He knew he didn’t have the brains to be a teacher or physician like his sister and brother, and while he had grown decently good at carpentry, he took no particular pleasure in working with wood. Eager to live up to his name, he had always thought becoming a soldier was the best way to prove himself.
No one else thought it was a good idea — except for King Jaymin, which was all the support Tarvic needed. But then he turned sixteen, and his height finally caught up to his age and then some. His daily exercise and practice with his new sword began to pay off, and he started receiving more looks of respect than of scorn from his peers. Though his parents had not supported his choice of a dangerous career, Father reluctantly conceded by the end that his younger son would probably make a tolerable soldier after all.
And Tarvic knew he’d been more than just tolerable. Military training was tough but rewarding. His self-esteem grew as he felt himself get stronger, faster, better with his sword. He loved the camaraderie, the new friendships with like-minded people who didn’t know or care how bad his performance in school had been. He loved knowing he was serving his kingdom and the king who believed in him, and that he was finally worthy of his name.
Except that he wasn’t. It was clear now that Tarvic was not as good a soldier as he’d thought, not by a long shot. Maybe I’ve never had what it takes to be one. It just took a disaster to bring my failings to light.
Crielle bent over to watch him under her cow’s belly. “You obviously know your way around a cow. Are you a farmer?”
“No.”
“What are you, then?”
“Nothing.”
They milked in silence for a while. “We’re not really a farming family either,” said Crielle. “We just live here because it’s where Father grew up. Of course we’ve always had a vegetable garden and the one cow, but Father only bought these other two a week ago, after he finished enlarging the barn. He’s been wanting to retire from the army, because he doesn’t like how long it keeps him away from us, and so this is his last month. He’s planning to open a little dairy and sell butter and cheese. It won’t pay as well, but at least he’ll be here every day. He bought all the equipment, so we’ll be ready to start as soon as he comes home in a couple weeks. In the meantime, we’ve got more milk than we can drink, so have all you want while you’re here.”
“I’m about to leave.” Tarvic couldn’t stomach the thought of how devastated she would be when she learned that her father would never come home, would never open his dairy, would never spend time with her and her sisters again. He needed to be far away before she found out.
Crielle stood up, set her full bucket aside, and took the last empty one over to the third cow. “My father’s name is Tenedron. He’s a sergeant in the First Almar Battalion, Company B. Do you know him?”
“No. I don’t know anyone in that company.”
Tarvic could have bitten his tongue. His hands slid from the cow’s teats, and he closed his eyes, barely stifling a groan. Now she knows. How stupid could he be?
She had probably suspected all along that he was a soldier. Who else could have had all their friends killed by the Malornians at once? After he wouldn’t answer her question last night, she’d found a way to trick him into admitting it. 
“Were you in the military camp up in the hills when the Malornians came through?” Crielle’s voice was quieter now, sober.
Tarvic squeezed his eyes more tightly shut, shifting position to sit on the hard boards of the floor and give his knees a rest. I can’t talk about it. I can’t tell her. In spite of himself, a sobbing groan escaped.
Hearing a rustle, he looked up to see her rounding the cow toward him. She knelt beside him and laid a hand on his shoulder. “Please tell me what happened. I know you don’t want to talk about it, but it’s my father. I need to know.”
He turned away, unable to bear the worry in her eyes, sick at the thought of making it worse. “I … can’t.”
“The main highway between Almar and the Malornian border goes past the bottom of our pasture, so the other night my sisters and I heard their army march by. We looked out the window and saw hundreds of them, maybe thousands. We guessed there would be a battle, but no one’s come to tell us how it turned out.”
“Yes.” Tarvic still couldn’t look at her. “They killed the —” The words stuck in his throat. “The king and queen. Their son, too.”
She gasped. “No!”
He didn’t bother to reply. His hands found the cow’s udder again and squeezed out a thin white stream. If he concentrated hard enough on the milk, he didn’t have to think about anything else.
“What about the soldiers? Our soldiers, I mean. Did the Malornians attack the army camp where you were?”
Tarvic closed his eyes again. But there was no escape from her questions. He nodded. 
“Were — were lots of people killed?”
He nodded again.
“Where are the other survivors?”
“I don’t know.”
“There are other survivors, right?”
He hesitated, still unable to look at her. “I don’t know.”
She grew very still. He could feel the warmth of her hand on his shoulder. When she took it off, it left a cold empty spot. “But you survived.”
He was ashamed to admit the truth. “I lost consciousness.” One hand reached gingerly for the painful bump on the back of his head. “When I came to, it was morning and the battle was over. Everyone was —” His voice choked off.
“But other people could have survived. They could have escaped and gone into hiding somewhere, or pursued the enemy down to the city.”
“Maybe.” He didn’t want to get her hopes up. He supposed anything was possible, but he thought of all the bodies. So very, very many bodies. And the fact that the royal family had been killed. If anyone had pursued the enemy to fight again in Almar, they had obviously lost.
“I’m not going to assume Father’s dead until I find out for sure.” Crielle’s voice held a note of defiance, but it was shaky. “He’s good with his sword. Very good. He won a contest, once, when he was younger. I’m sure he’s good enough to be one of the few who survived. He’ll come home at the end of the month when his contract is up, and he’ll teach us how to make cheese, and then our family will always be together.”
Tarvic didn’t reply. There was no point in trying to convince her that her daydream was simply a daydream. But she stayed kneeling beside him, and though he still couldn’t look at her, he heard her sniff. “Don’t tell my sisters, all right?” she whispered presently.
“All right.”
“There’s no need to worry them before we know anything for sure.”
“No.”
She wiped a sleeve across her face, cleared her throat, and spoke up brightly. “Are you going to finish milking Mooey, or shall I?”
“I’ll finish.” He resumed the task as she returned to the other cow. Trying to imitate her forced cheerfulness, he said, “Mooey? Who named this poor animal Mooey?”
“Sennie did, of course. Nobody else comes up with names like that.” Crielle chuckled, but he could tell it wasn’t a real laugh. When she sniffed once more, he felt wretched all over again at the pain he had caused her. If only he could somehow have hidden the truth. Of course, she would have found out eventually.
Finished at last, he set the bucket aside and heaved himself clumsily to his feet, rubbing his sore wrist with a grimace. What would happen to the girls now? It was none of his business, of course, but they had been kind to him, and now he felt responsible since he was the one to bring the bad news.
“I suppose your uncle will care for the three of you now that — I mean, if —” He fumbled to a halt, mentally kicking himself for sounding so insensitive.
“Uncle Jorn?” Crielle’s chuckle now was scornful. “Oh, he stops by now and again. He likes city life too much to stay out in the country for long, though. He came a few days ago and took some of our milk and butter to sell for us in the city, but he hasn’t brought the mule and cart back. He’s probably still there gambling our money away along with his own. He’ll show up sometime and apologize for the delay, and bring us a sack of flour or salt or something that isn’t worth as much as what he took to sell.” Her voice was bitter. “But you don’t have to worry about us. I’ve been taking care of Sennie and Rania for the last two years, ever since our mother died. We’ll be fine until Father comes back. We always are.”
Good. Because Tarvic certainly couldn’t stay around and be a father figure to these three orphans. Since they obviously didn’t need his help, he wouldn’t have to feel guilty when he left.


CHAPTER SEVEN



The barn door opened and Sennie burst in. “Sad Crazy Lonely Man! I knew you would still be here.” She beamed at him and took one of his hands in hers.
“Don’t call him that,” Crielle ordered from behind her cow.
“Why not? It’s what he is. He told me himself.”
Crielle peered at Tarvic from under the cow again. “Won’t you tell us your name?”
“No.” The life where he belonged, where he had an identity as a soldier, a friend, a son, a loyal citizen of Alasia, was in his past. It would only make things worse if more people realized how far he fell short of his noble name. Better to die nameless. “I’m about to leave anyway,” he told them. “It doesn’t matter now.”
“You can’t leave yet, Sad Crazy Lonely Man. My big sister made the porridge already, and she put a whole spoonful of sugar in every bowl, just because you’re here. And there’s lots of cream. Wait till you taste how good it is with sugar and cream!”
Tarvic hadn’t been planning to stay for breakfast. The last thing he wanted was to further drain this family’s obviously limited resources. But it would be rude to leave without eating if they had prepared something special.
His stomach growled. “I suppose I could wait till after breakfast to go.” He picked up two of the buckets, leaving the third for Crielle. Gritting his teeth against the pain in his wrist and shoulder, he followed the sisters to the house. It was still raining, and he was glad he hadn’t spent the night out in the open.
“I put some water on to heat,” said Rania as they ate. She pointed toward the fireplace, where a large pot hung over the flames. “You know, in case you do want that bath. We can take the washbasin to the barn for you.”
It was obviously a hint. Tarvic knew he must look and smell horrible to these clean and well-groomed girls. But why bother? He would be out in the mud again soon.
But at the thought of trudging aimlessly through the hills again, in the rain this time, hungry and thirsty and exhausted, falling on his face, lying on the ground with no particular reason to bother getting up, and eventually dying alone somewhere in the wilderness, a deeper gloom settled over him. It wasn’t as though he had any better plans for the immediate future. But he didn’t relish the thought of returning to that dismal excuse for an existence.
Tarvic realized he felt stronger this morning. He would not have been able to carry two full buckets yesterday. For the first time, he wondered if recovery was actually possible. In a way, that thought was almost more frightening than dying from his injuries. What could he do in a kingdom that had no future? Where could he go? There was nothing else for him. A soldier was nothing without his army.
If any of his comrades had survived, and if he knew where to find them, that would be different. But on his own, in enemy-occupied territory, too weak and wounded even to try to fight — not to mention that he had no weapon — what options did he even have?
He supposed he could always work as a carpenter. But he had no tools, no place to set up shop. I could go back to Tainabi and work with Father again. But that would be the ultimate failure. Tarvic had told his family and all their neighbors, again and again, that he was going to spend his life as a soldier. That he was only practicing carpentry long enough to save up the money to follow his dreams. Some people had laughed at him, joking that once a young man started working at his father’s trade, he would never leave. Tarvic spent his younger years determined to prove them all wrong. He wanted a clean break. That was why he chose to travel all the way to Almar to enlist, when he could have joined up right there in Tainabi. Going back to his childhood home now, asking Father if he could work for him once again, would be admitting defeat. Not to mention that everyone would find out what a failure he had been as a soldier. I can never do that.
 If he could survive until spring, he supposed he could hire out as a day laborer in a farm or orchard somewhere. But few people needed manual labor in the middle of winter. Was the only future for him to trudge aimlessly across the countryside until he died? Yesterday Tarvic had been so numb he was resigned to that fate. Blame it on the good night’s sleep and two meals, but today the idea didn’t sit as well.
All the girls were watching him, probably realizing he was going through some sort of internal struggle. “Washing yourself isn’t that bad,” Sennie told him seriously. “Getting dirty is fun, but getting clean can be fun, too. Maybe when you’re clean you’ll feel better, and then Purry will sit on your lap and you won’t be so sad.”
If only it was that easy. Getting clean did sound tempting, but Tarvic looked down at his filthy clothes. What was the point? He would get dirty all over again just by putting them back on.
“We usually do laundry on Tuesdays,” Crielle told him, guessing his thoughts, “but we could always do it a few days early. “We’d be glad to wash your clothes along with our own. We hang everything to dry in the barn when it’s raining like this.”
Tarvic cringed inwardly at the thought of causing his hostesses more inconvenience. “I know how to wash my own clothes.” Regular soldiers couldn’t exactly bring servants along on campaigns, after all, though officers sometimes did. But he had nothing else to wear while his uniform dried, and while he might have been able to tolerate walking around in wet clothes in the summer, he would probably freeze in this weather.
“You could borrow some of our father’s clothes until yours dry,” Crielle suggested.
Tarvic cringed again. Taking clothes from a dead friend who would have been glad to lend them to him was one thing. Taking them from a dead stranger was another. “No. I’m not going to stay that long anyway. You’ve been generous, and I appreciate it, but I need to leave.”
All their faces fell. He couldn’t understand it. They had no reason to care about him. All he was doing was imposing on their lives and eating their food.
“We don’t have company very often,” said Rania, “and the three of us get so tired of sitting around with just each other. Are you sure you don’t want to stay at least until the rain stops?”
“And where would you go, anyway?” Crielle asked.
Tarvic stared down at his empty bowl. “That’s not the point.”
“Then what is the point?”
The point is that I don’t belong anywhere. But he had no way to explain it. “I just need to go. If you have any chores I could help with first, I’d like to do them to pay for the meals I’ve eaten. Maybe I can start by mucking out the cows’ stalls. Then I’ll be on my way.”
Rania brightened. “Yes! It’s my turn to muck out the stalls, and I hate it. You’re definitely welcome to do that for me.”
“Good. Then you can wash the breakfast dishes and sweep the floor with Sennie while I skim the milk and start on the churning,” Crielle told Rania.
Sennie turned to Tarvic. “We always churn butter on Monday and Wednesday and Saturday, Sad Crazy Lonely Man, even though we have a lot of it in the cellar already now. When Uncle Jorn comes back with our cart, we’ll go sell it in the city, and when Father comes home, he’ll teach us all how to make cheese, and we’ll sell that too. But we’ll keep some for us to eat, because I like cheese.”
The rain had slowed to a drizzle. Tarvic led the cows out of the barn and into the bare pasture, where they nosed around for the mouthfuls of shrubs still clinging to life above the hard ground. Sennie had talked her way out of the after-breakfast clean-up so she could show Tarvic where the shovel and wheelbarrow were kept in the shed beside the barn. Now she chattered about the cows and the family’s cheese-making plans while he cleaned the stalls. “You can’t dump the muck outside the door, Sad Crazy Lonely Man,” she informed him seriously when he had finished. “Father will be angry. There will be too many flies, and it smells bad, and we might step in it. We have to put it far away.”
Wrapping her coat tighter around herself, she led the way outside, toward the corner of the sloping field farthest from the house and barn. Tarvic followed her with the wheelbarrow and shovel.
Noticing the road Crielle had mentioned just beyond the fence, he imagined thousands of soldiers riding past in the middle of the night. How many people had heard or seen them go by? Would things have been different if someone had found a way to sound the alarm? What would I have done if I’d been standing here when they passed?
As he and Sennie approached the garbage pile, Tarvic heard the sound of voices. Peering through the drizzle at the road on the other side of the fence, he was horrified to see four red-and-black clad soldiers striding toward them. They accompanied a horse-drawn wagon in which pigs grunted and chickens squawked from inside a wooden crate. Three cows plodded along behind.
It was obvious why they were here.


CHAPTER EIGHT



Tarvic dropped the handles of the wheelbarrow and backed away. “Sennie, go run into the house.”
But Sennie climbed up on the bottom rail of the fence and stared at the soldiers over it. “That brown and black cow with the crooked horn is our neighbor’s cow. It’s Mooey’s mother. Why are those men taking her away?”
“They’re soldiers. They’re stealing things from the farms around here to feed their troops.” Tarvic’s heart was pounding. “Get inside now, all right?”
“But my father’s a soldier, and he doesn’t steal people’s things.” She watched as the wagon drew closer. “Now our neighbors won’t have any milk.”
Tarvic picked up the shovel sticking out of the wheelbarrow. “Go in the house, Sennie.” I need a sword. But there were four of them, and only one of him, and even with a sword and in full health …”
“Hey, there’s three more,” called one of the soldiers. He pointed at the girls’ cows in the pasture.
Tarvic tensed, gripping the shovel. “You can’t take them.” These men had already robbed the girls of their father. He couldn’t let them steal their livestock as well.
The man driving the wagon laughed. “And you’re going to stop us, farm boy?”
Their voices and style of speaking were different than anybody’s around here. Tarvic would have known they must be Malornians even without the uniforms. They killed my companions. They killed my king. He adjusted his grip on the shovel.
From her perch on the fence, Sennie glared at the men. “You’re thiefs!”
He wished she had gone inside when he’d told her to. He could risk his life to try to save the family’s cows, not that it would do much good, but having a child to protect out here complicated everything. They wouldn’t hurt a child, would they?
But in his mind, Tarvic saw the limp body of the twelve-year-old prince, his royal clothes stained with blood. And he relived the pounding hooves, the blades flashing in the torchlight, the shouts and screams and the clash of swords. The bump on his head throbbed in anguish, and his knees felt wobbly.
Silently cursing his weakness and cowardice, Tarvic forced himself to step right up to the fence. “You’ve got three already. Let this family keep theirs. The girls are orphans, and the cows are their only livelihood.”
The pleading words were painful to speak. I ought to be attacking these villains, not begging them for favors. What kind of soldier am I? But attacking them would accomplish nothing except his own death. And what might they do to Sennie?
One of the men pointed his sword at the closest cow. “Unlock the gate and bring her here. Otherwise we’ll break down the fence and get her ourselves.”
“No!” Sennie’s eyes were wide. “Mooey’s my favorite. You can’t take her! You can’t!”
“Please.” The word tasted sour on Tarvic’s tongue. “They make good butter here. We’ll bring you all the butter you can carry. Just don’t take their cows. The family will starve.”
Another soldier stepped forward. “Do what we tell you, peasant. Or else!” He plucked the little girl off the fence, holding her with one arm around her waist, and reached for his sword.
Instincts kicking in, Tarvic charged forward, shovel brandished. Sennie screamed, kicking and flailing. “Let me go! Help! Crielle! Crielle!”
Tarvic vaulted the barrier and threw himself at his enemies, yelling a challenge to distract their attention from the little girl. But he was no match for them. Two of them seized him, wrenching the shovel away and twisting his arms up behind his back. He stopped struggling when he felt the prick of steel at his throat.
His head spinning from the sudden exertion, images from that night flashed into Tarvic’s mind once again. I survived the battle, but now they’re going to kill me over a cow. He could almost accept that if not for the screaming child thrashing in her captor’s arms.
“Sennie!” Her older sisters had heard her cries. Tarvic watched, helpless, as Crielle and Rania dashed across the pasture from the house. They drew up before the fence, panting and terrified.
“Please let them go!” Crielle’s voice was desperate. “Please!” Tarvic was sure she must be thinking of her father, perhaps killed by one of these very men. Was she about to lose her little sister to the same fate?
The man holding his sword to Tarvic’s throat leered at her. “How much do you want it, pretty girl?”
She took a step backward, alarm mingling with the fear in her face. But the other man shot his companion a disgusted glance and lowered his own weapon. “We’re not going to hurt anyone. We just need your cows.”
“No you don’t!” Rania glared at the men. “I know you get paid a salary. Go buy your own beef. There’s lots of it in the markets in Almar. These are all we have, and our father left them for us to take care of.” She managed to look both angry and pleading at the same time.
“Yes, so put me down and go away! Put me down!” Sennie yelled.
“Shut up, kid.” The man holding her pressed a hand over her mouth. “And stop kicking me. I’ll put you down when one of your sisters or your brother brings out your cows.”
Tarvic saw Sennie’s jaw open and chomp shut. The man dropped her, swearing, clutching his bitten fingers. Sennie scrambled under the fence and ran to stand behind her biggest sister, clutching at Crielle’s skirts. “My father would have made you wash your mouth with soap if he heard you say that bad word!” she yelled, peering out from behind Crielle. “It smells good but it tastes yucky. Go away!”
“We’re not here to harm civilians,” said the man who had lowered his sword. “Especially children.” He glanced at his companions. “And we do have three cows already. No butter, though. Let’s take as much of that as they have and then head back.”
Tarvic held his breath. Would they really leave that easily?
The two soldiers beside him grumbled, but the driver called down to the girls. “Go bring us all your butter, and be quick about it.” He pointed his sword at Tarvic. “If there’s enough, we might decide not to cut this fellow’s throat.”
The girls exchanged glances, backed away, and then turned and ran for the house. Tarvic waited, his heart still pounding. They have no reason to care what happens to me. If they just run away to hide somewhere, the soldiers will kill me. More importantly, the soldiers would take all the cows, and then what would the girls do?
He wondered how long it would take before one of these men noticed the army-green breeches sticking out below Drevel’s coat and cut his throat after all. Or are my clothes dirty enough that they don’t look like a uniform anymore? He didn’t dare glance down to check. He wished for his sword or the courage to attack without one instead of just standing helplessly in his enemies’ grasp while they took advantage of innocent people.
Did I fight any of these men that night? Did any of them kill my friends? Did they murder the royal family? The thought of those limp bodies strapped to the wagon filled Tarvic with fury once again, and he might have tried something foolhardy if the girls had not reappeared. Crielle and Rania lugged a sack between them, and Sennie tagged along behind.
“This is all we’ve got,” Crielle said as they dropped their load by the foot of the fence and backed away. “You can have it all. Just please let him go.”
One of the Malornians stepped forward to drag the sack between the fence rails. He opened it, pulled the lid off one of the little tin containers inside, and nodded. “This will do for now. But we may be back for the beef later. Among other things.” He winked at Crielle, and a couple of his companions chuckled as they hoisted the sack onto the wagon.
Finally free, Tarvic stood where he was, fists clenched, drowning in anger and helplessness. He waited while his enemies resumed their journey down the road, watching to make sure they left without causing any further harm.
Then one of them, the one who had suggested they leave the cows and take the butter, turned and strode back. “You’d be wise to keep your animals out of sight when soldiers pass by,” he said quietly to Tarvic. “And your sisters.”
He looked down at Sennie, who was peering at him from behind Crielle. “You look to be the same age as my daughter back home.” He smiled at her. Sennie stuck out her tongue in response.


CHAPTER NINE



 Tarvic retrieved the dropped shovel, emptied the manure on the garbage pile, put the tools away, led the cows back into the barn, and then met the girls in the sitting room.
They sat huddled on the sofa, talking in low voices. Purry lay in Rania’s lap, and Sennie was curled up in Crielle’s, her thumb in her mouth. They all looked up as Tarvic came in.
“We won’t let the cows into the pasture again,” he said. “If we want them out of the barn, they stay tied up on the other side of it, out of sight from the road. And none of you three should go near the road from now on. If you need anything done down at that end of the pasture, tell me and I’ll do it.”
They all nodded. “Thank you for your help out there,” said Crielle.
“I didn’t do much.” Actually, the girls might just have saved his life by bringing out the butter. The thought embarrassed Tarvic, but he pushed it away. “If you’re still willing to have me, I think I should stay until your uncle comes back.” It was obvious now that he couldn’t just leave them.
They nodded once more, and he saw the anxiety in their faces melt into relief. “I think you should stay until our uncle comes back, too,” said Sennie. “Now will you have a bath, Sad Crazy Lonely Man? Because you smell even worse after you cleaned out the barn.”
Her sisters cringed at her frankness, but Tarvic nodded. “Yes, if you all would be willing to heat some water for me again, I’ll have one. And I’d like to take you up on your offer to borrow clothes.”
Crielle met his gaze. “I think we should burn your other clothes.”
Sennie and Rania both laughed. “They aren’t that bad,” Rania said.
But Tarvic knew what she meant. If those Malornians had seen what he was wearing under Drevel’s coat, they would have killed him. It wasn’t worth the risk that they would come by again and realize he was a soldier. “Yes,” he said. “Let’s do that.”
Alone in the barn with a basin of warm water, Tarvic stripped off the disgusting remains of his uniform and scrubbed the filth off his skin, wincing every time he found a new bruise or abrasion. He let out an involuntary cry of pain when his attempts to wash his hair produced new flares of anguish from his head injury. The cows watched him with their big brown eyes, probably thinking what a weakling he was. “Stop staring at me,” he ordered through clenched teeth. “I saved you from being turned into steaks tonight.”
Sergeant Tenedron had apparently been a larger man than Tarvic, but the clothes fit well enough with the help of a belt. Tarvic looked down at himself and decided he looked enough like a civilian to fool the next Malornian who saw him, with or without the concealing coat.
When he reentered the house with his wad of dirty clothes, Sennie was holding the dust pan while Rania swept the floor. Both girls glanced at his little bundle curiously, but he shoved it into the hottest part of the fire before they could get a close look.
The cat rose from the hearth, stretched, and twined itself around his ankles. “See?” said Sennie. “Purry likes you now. If you sit down, he’ll sit in your lap, and then you can pet him and be happy. But you look like you feel happier anyway.”
Tarvic wasn’t sure happy would ever characterize him again. But he did feel better, now that she mentioned it. He had purpose. These girls needed a protector, and no one else was available. He had an actual reason to live, and he was pretty sure he was going to, injuries or not. And a reason to live felt good.
“I can do that for you,” he offered to Crielle, who was churning the cream from that morning’s milking. She gave up her stool by the little barrel without protest, and Tarvic sat down and took the paddle. “I’m going to milk the cows for you from now on, too,” he told the three of them as he plunged the paddle up and down. “All the cows, every morning and evening, and of course I’ll keep mucking out the barn whenever it needs it as well. I’m not much of a cook, but I can wash dishes, so I’ll help with that after every meal. Oh, and I’ll chop wood for the fire and fetch water from your well out front every day.” He thought of volunteering to take over the laundry, but he decided to draw the line there. His washing girls’ clothes could get embarrassing for everyone involved. He would wash his own, though. “Meanwhile, any time anyone else shows up out there, you all stay inside and lock the door, and I’ll go deal with them.”
Crielle’s eyes filled with tears. “Would you really do all that for us?”
“Absolutely.” Tarvic wasn’t sure he could stop the Malornians from taking the cows if they came back, but he would try to come up with a plan. “And I’ll do any other work you can think of, too.” It was the only way he could pay them back for the food he knew they couldn’t spare.
“Then we’ll finally have time to catch up on all the other things we’re behind on, like the mending,” said Crielle. She smiled at her youngest sister. “And I can teach you how to sew like I promised, and you can start work on that quilt you’ve been wanting to make.”
“And you can finish knitting my new hat and mittens!” Sennie clapped her hands. “I’ll be warmer if I don’t have to go out of the house as much, but I still want them. And some stockings too, all right? Pink ones. And you should make some for the Sad Crazy Lonely Man, because he’ll be cold when he does all that work outside. Probably not pink ones for him, though.”
“I will, but don’t call him that.” Crielle turned to Tarvic. “If you’re going to stay longer and help us with all those things, shouldn’t you tell us your name?”
Tarvic hesitated. If I’m going to be friends with this family, perhaps they should know who I am. But their appreciation would change to disappointment if they knew the truth about what a weakling and coward he was and how he had failed to live up to such a noble name. Tarvic the Mighty would be disappointed, that’s for certain. The less anyone knew about him, the better. Besides, it would be wiser not to let these girls get too close to him. Remaining nameless would remind them all that he didn’t belong here and wasn’t going to stay indefinitely. Just until their uncle showed up and he could make the man see that he needed to stay and protect his nieces.
They were waiting for an answer. “My sister and I once found a stray dog that we wanted to adopt,” Tarvic told them. “But dogs make my mother sneeze, so we weren’t allowed to keep it. It was raining at the time, and she told us it could stay inside only until the rain stopped. We wanted to give it a name, but she said that would be a bad idea. If we started calling it by name, we would get attached to it, and that would make it harder on us and the dog when it had to leave.”
Rania frowned at him. “You’re not exactly a stray dog.”
“It’s the same idea. I’m not going to stay long, so it’s better if none of us gets too attached to each other.” Besides, his name represented his old life, and he didn’t want to dwell on everything he had lost or all he had failed to be.
Sennie got up and came over to him by the churn, reaching over to wrap her arms around his waist. “I’ll get attached to you if I want to, Sad Crazy Lonely Man. So there.”


CHAPTER TEN



Tarvic spent the rest of the morning churning the cream to butter and then splitting firewood from the pile of logs and branches the girls’ father had left stacked outside the shed. The rain had tapered away to almost nothing, and the exertion warmed him up. Though his sore shoulder complained and his head throbbed with every blow of the ax, he refused to stop for more than a moment’s brief rest here and there. The satisfaction of doing something useful outweighed the pain.
When he ran out of wood to split, Tarvic took the axe back into the shed and set it on the shelf where he had found it. He bent to examine a stack of lumber apparently left over from the sergeant’s barn project. These planed boards were too good to waste on firewood. Tarvic counted them, knowing they wouldn’t be enough for a crazy idea he had just thought of. But I can get more if I take apart the two extra stalls in the barn. Chances were, the sergeant’s horse would never need to live there again, and Tarvic would figure out how to stable the mule when the girls’ uncle eventually brought it back. In the meantime, those boards would fulfill a more urgent purpose.
He looked around again, examining the contents of the room. Like many inhabitants of rural areas, Sergeant Tenedron was apparently a jack of all trades. The center of the shed was empty, probably to leave room for the cart, but the shelves lining the walls were full of odds and ends. Along with the cheese-making supplies, wheelbarrow, shovel, ropes, empty sacks, and half-full pots of paint, Tarvic spotted what he had been hoping for: a hammer, a pouch of nails, and a saw.
“Sad Crazy Lonely Man! Sad Crazy Lonely Man!” Sennie appeared in the doorway of the shed. “There you are. It’s time for lunch. We’re having bread and butter, and I helped my big sister make pudding. She let me lick the spoon, and it’s so good, but my biggest sister says I can’t have any more until you get there.”
Saving his idea for the afternoon, Tarvic followed her into the house. He joined the girls at the table, where Crielle handed him a steaming mug. “What’s this?”
“Willow bark tea. Mother used to make it for us when we had headaches, and that lump on your head looks painful. If the tea helps, I’ll brew some for you as often as you like until you’re better.”
“Thank you.” Tarvic was touched by her thoughtfulness. He had been trying not to let them see how very much that lump did hurt, or how sore his whole body was.
He took a bite of bread, noting the scanty portions that promised to leave him hungry through the afternoon. “There’s enough pudding for everyone to have second helpings,” said Crielle, perhaps guessing his thoughts, “but I’m sorry we don’t have much bread. We’re running low on flour. Uncle Jorn said he’ll bring us some, but who knows when he’ll show up.”
“When he does, we’ll make a cake,” Sennie told Tarvic seriously. “My biggest sister promised. And I like cake.”
“In the meantime, you can use as much butter as you want,” Rania said, and the girls all chuckled.
“It’s all right. This will be plenty for me.” Tarvic thought of the two days he had spent wandering aimlessly, empty and hurting and finally desperate enough to steal milk and apples. He would never complain about food again.
But his eyes strayed to the hunting bow that hung above the mantelpiece. “Does your father have any arrows, or is that just for decoration?”
“They’re in the cupboard.” Crielle turned curious eyes on Tarvic. “Do you know how to shoot?”
He nodded. “My father used to take my brother and me out hunting. We shot rabbits and birds for the table, and sometimes deer.” Tarvic hadn’t gone hunting since he joined the army, but he knew his skill with the bow would come back to him easily enough. He almost added, “I’m a pretty good shot,” but it would sound like an idle boast. Better to prove it — when he was actually able to.
Of course, he hadn’t seen any wildlife around here, but he wasn’t exactly looking for it when he wandered through the neighborhood. There must be something he could hunt.
He pulled his sleeve up and probed gently at his sore wrist. “It might be a few more days before I can draw a bow properly, but after that, I can go out and try to bring home some meat.”
The girls brightened. “I like meat,” said Sennie. “Can you get some bacon for us?”
“Hunting will help for now, but we’ll have money to buy flour and bacon and plenty more food as soon as our father comes home with this month’s pay,” Rania told Tarvic. “If you’re still here when he comes, we can serve you proper meals. We eat better than this most of the time.”
Tarvic couldn’t help glancing at Crielle. She looked sober. “He spent our savings to build a larger barn and buy the extra cows,” she explained, “plus the equipment to make cheese. We’re not going to be able to buy more groceries with him gone unless we have some other way to earn money.”
He could hear the worry in her voice. “Can you start making cheese to sell without him?”
“We don’t know how. Father worked in a dairy for a while back before he joined the army, but he hasn’t had a chance to teach us yet. He wanted to get everything ready first, and then he said we’ll start up our new business together when he comes home.” Crielle cleared her throat and blinked hard.
“Does your uncle know how?”
“No,” said Rania. “He works for a tanner.”
Tarvic chewed his lip, trying to think of options. “You can sell your butter, right?”
Rania shook her head. “Not before Uncle Jorn comes back with our cart. We have no other way to get it to the market.”
“Maybe you could sell it to some of the farmers around here, so you wouldn’t have to go far.”
“Everybody makes their own butter,” Rania pointed out.
“Not the people whose cows just got stolen.”
They all thought about that. “I suppose those families might be willing to trade us some flour or other supplies for milk or butter,” Crielle admitted. “That would help. But nobody around here has much to spare in the winter. I don’t think we’d get enough that way for us all to live on for very long.”
“Well, it might be long enough to last until your uncle shows up,” Tarvic said. “If not, we’ll figure out another plan.” As he spoke the words, he realized he was committing himself to helping this family, for the long term if necessary. But it didn’t matter anymore. He was committed now.
What else was there for him, anyway?


CHAPTER ELEVEN



Tarvic trudged back down the muddy track to the house, bow over one shoulder and quiver over the other, swinging a couple of dead squirrels by their tails. His sore head jarred with every step, but the pain wasn’t the searing agony it had been at first.
He had spent all morning and part of the afternoon hunting, and this was all he had to show for it. Apparently there just wasn’t much game among these pastures and farmhouses in the winter. He knew from camping further up in the hills with the army that plenty of wildlife lived on the higher slopes, but he didn’t dare go too far from the girls’ home. What if enemy soldiers came by in his absence?
Sennie met him on the porch. “You missed lunch, Sad Crazy Lonely Man, but my biggest sister saved you some. And a whole group of Malnornian soldiers rided by just after you left. There was twelve of them. I counted.” Her eyes fastened on his trophies and then widened in horror. “You killed squirrels?”
“If you want meat for supper, this is it.” The family’s meager supply of ham and salt beef had run out a couple days ago. Tarvic stepped inside and set the squirrels on the table along with the bow and arrows. “Is everyone all right? Did the soldiers stop?” Maybe I shouldn’t have gone out today. He glanced around the room. Wait a moment. “Where’s Crielle?”
Rania, busy darning socks by the fire, looked up at the note of alarm in his voice. “Crielle’s fine. She went out again to see if anyone around here wants more milk or butter. And the soldiers weren’t stopping or stealing things this time. I think they were on their way to some mission in Almar.” She eyed the dead squirrels with distaste. “You’re going to skin those and clean them outside, right?”
 “If you prefer.” Tarvic took a knife from the cabinet and stepped back out into the cold. But he left the squirrels balanced on the porch railing while he walked down toward the bottom of the pasture, where the soldiers must have passed a few hours ago. Was my handiwork good enough to fool them? Several more raiding parties had come and gone in the five days since he had assembled his carpentry project, but so far no more Malornians had stopped here.
At the fence, Tarvic turned around to see what passersby would see. He felt a little thrill of pride as he surveyed his handiwork again. His father would undoubtedly say it was the strangest use of carpentry skills he had ever heard of, but who cared?
The back of the barn now looked like the front. Two double doors stood ajar, hanging at crooked angles. Both had cracked planks, splintered in such a way that it appeared as though someone had kicked them open to break into the building. If the original group of Malornians returned, they might remember that this barn didn’t have doors on that wall and grow suspicious. But to anyone else, it would seem that the barn had already been broken into and all the livestock taken, or else why would the doors not have been repaired and closed?
As long as nobody sees the cows in the pasture again, this should work. Of course, not being able to graze meant that the animals needed more hay. Will the supply in the barn last them all winter? Maybe, with the mule and horse not there to eat their share. In any case, Tarvic would cross that bridge if he came to it. For now, it was more important not to let the cows be stolen.
Even as he thought about it, Tarvic heard the sound of hooves approaching from the right, the direction of the capital. He backed away, fingers tightening around the knife he still held. Was the effectiveness of his construction project going to be tested right now?
A dozen red-and-black-clad soldiers cantered around the bend in the road. Tarvic immediately guessed they were officers, because something about their bearing looked official. They appeared grim and experienced, older than the men who had come by stealing livestock. All of them wore colored stripes on their sleeves: some green, some blue, and one purple.
To Tarvic’s relief, they scarcely glanced at him as they passed, and none of them slowed. He wondered if these were the men who had ridden by earlier. They certainly looked as though they had some mission to fulfill. He glared after their departing backs, sure that wherever they were going and whatever they were preparing to do, it didn’t bode well for what was left of Alasia.
For a moment, Tarvic thought of the bow. He had seen longer, stronger arrows in the cupboard than the ones he had used on the squirrels.
But no. As tempting as it was, that would be a good way not only to get himself killed but the whole household as well. If there were just a couple of them, I could probably hit them both before …. But he forced that thought away, too. If the officers didn’t return to their headquarters, someone would definitely come looking for them.
Still, if he ever saw enemy soldiers somewhere well away from the house and the girls, and if he had the bow and the right arrows with him, and if there was a good place nearby to hide the bodies …. Tarvic filed the thought away for future consideration. He had never imagined himself in the role of a sniper, but perhaps he could still strike a blow at the enemy after all, even without his sword.
Crielle returned from her errand just as Tarvic finished skinning the squirrels on the porch steps. Her eyes lit up at the sight of the raw meat in his hands. “Apparently you had better success today than I did. Was your wrist all right?”
Tarvic flexed it. “It still hurts a little, but it’s almost back to normal now. It didn’t stop me from being able to shoot.” He wished he had more game to show for his efforts. She probably thought he had terrible aim. “It isn’t that I couldn’t hit more than two squirrels. They were just all I found to shoot at.” He wasn’t sure why he felt the need to convince her. It’s not as though it matters what she thinks of me.
But Crielle smiled down at him. “I know. Don’t worry. I saw you practicing this morning before you left. You hit that branch every single time, even from way across the pasture before it was fully light.”
Tarvic suddenly felt warm inside, in spite of the cold afternoon.
Her smile turned teasing. “I gave you a compliment. You should give me your name in exchange.”
The request, in one form or another, had become familiar over the last few days. His lip twitched in an almost-smile. “Sorry. I have no name to give.”
She showed him a small bag of flour and several onions. “Only two families wanted butter today. Everybody else said they didn’t need any more. I’ll wait a few more days before I try again.”
Crielle made a stew with the squirrels and onions, and the four of them ate better than usual that night. “I feel sorry for the squirrels, but this is yummy,” Sennie admitted. “I wish we could always have this much food for supper.”
Tarvic looked down at his bowl and immediately regretted taking a second helping. He had been hungry almost constantly since his arrival, eating as little as possible to leave more for his hostesses, but he knew he was still depleting their meager resources. I need to find better ways to provide for them.
“I can hardly wait to buy more of everything next week when Father comes back,” Rania said. “He’ll have just gotten paid, and he’ll take us to Almar right away to buy groceries. He always does.”
“I can hardly wait, too.” Sennie grinned. “And then he’ll be home with us forever!”
Crielle met Tarvic’s eyes, and he saw her face droop. She put on a smile before Sennie noticed, but Tarvic saw Rania eye her older sister, puzzled.
“I was thinking,” Crielle said brightly, “maybe we shouldn’t wait till Father comes back to go shopping. He’s probably off fighting the Malornians somewhere, and his commanding officer might not let him leave for a while.”
“Maybe,” said Rania, “but I don’t think he’d want us going to Almar without him.” She glanced at Tarvic. “But I suppose it might be all right if our guest went with us. It’s not as though we’d be wandering around the city alone.”
“True. It would be difficult, though,” Crielle pointed out. “Uncle Jorn has the mule and cart. Walking all the way there would take hours and hours, and it would be hard to carry the supplies back.”
“Almar is not a safe place to be right now, regardless of who’s with you. I was there a week ago. The Malornians are occupying the city.” And safe or not, Tarvic had no desire to go back. He knew, if he did, he would see the dead faces of the royal family everywhere he turned. And the last thing he wanted was to be responsible for the safety of three young girls in a city full of unknown dangers.
“But other children live there, and they’re safe,” said Sennie. “We’ve saw them before when Father’s took us shopping.”
“Even they may not be safe there right now,” Tarvic told her. “I’m not taking you to the capital. You’ll have to wait for your uncle to come back.”
“Or our father.” Rania looked straight into his eyes. “Right?”
“Yes, of course.” But Tarvic dropped his gaze. He couldn’t help it.
Silence fell. Does she know? He couldn’t bring himself to look at Rania again to find out. Crielle asked me to keep the secret. Why couldn’t he have let the girl remain happy in the thought that her beloved father was fine and would rejoin the family soon? Of course, she would find out eventually. But Tarvic didn’t want to be responsible for a child’s broken heart and shattered dreams.
“Who’s ready to play cards?” Crielle broke the silence with forced cheerfulness. “Sennie, you can help clear the table while I make our guest his willow tea. Rania, it’s your turn to deal tonight. Don’t forget to shuffle this time.”
Tarvic helped Sennie clear off the supper dishes, and then they sat down to their usual after-supper games. It had been an interesting surprise to discover that the girls knew most of the card games he had learned in the army. Sennie didn’t have much concept of strategy and needed lots of help from her sisters, but the four of them played together almost every evening.
The games reminded Tarvic of all the friends he would never see again. He wished he could push away the memories, but he still heard the voices of his brothers-in-arms talking and laughing together over cards and dice in the barracks. Sometimes the ache in his wounded heart got so bad that he excused himself and left for the barn early. He would crawl into the loft and bury his face in the hay, wondering why he had any right to live when so many good men had died.
But tonight, he sipped his tea and played his cards and wondered what he could do to help this family more effectively. If today’s luck was any indication, trading with the neighbors and hunting every day would barely be enough to keep food on the table. And they couldn’t live indefinitely on butter and squirrel.
There would be more of a market for their butter in the capital, though. Do I dare go back to Almar?


CHAPTER TWELVE



Tarvic walked through the front door with an armload of freshly split wood and knelt to arrange it in the bin by the hearth. The girls, churning finished, were carefully scooping their freshly made butter into little tin boxes. “We’ll have to start a new shelf for these,” Sennie observed. “Our other one in the cellar is too full.”
“Yes, and I don’t think any of the neighbors will need more butter for a while,” Crielle said. “When I went out again yesterday, not a single family wanted any.” She looked at Tarvic. “We’re going to have to figure something else out.”
Tarvic nodded. He had known that for over two weeks. “I don’t suppose you have any idea where or how to find your uncle?” But he knew they didn’t, or they would have said so already.
“No. Uncle Jorn lives and works in Almar, but we don’t know the way to the tannery or to his house. Father’s the only one in the family who’s good with directions.” Crielle cleared her throat and looked away. Tarvic pretended not to notice as he layered the pieces of wood neatly on top of each other so they would all fit in the bin. His heart ached for her pain as well as his own. Thinking of Drevel and his other friends, he knew how she must feel. Thousands of families across the kingdom must be mourning the loss of friends and relatives. Alasia would never be whole again.
He wondered what was going on in Almar. Were the citizens all right? What were the Malornians doing in the capital? It seemed he would find out soon. He had no other choice left.
Tarvic took a deep breath and sat back on his heels to face the girls. “Tomorrow I’ll clean the wheelbarrow and load it up with all the butter you’ve got. I’ll go to the big outdoor market near the edge of Almar and find a busy corner where I can set up shop. Just give me a list of what you need, and I’ll bring back as much of it as I can afford with whatever money I make.” He didn’t relish the thought of the errand, but the kitchen cupboards were nearly empty, and game was still scarce.
“Can’t we come?” asked Rania, fitting the lid onto the last container and wiping it clean on her apron. “We haven’t been to Almar in almost two months, and it gets so dull here.”
“It would be safer for me to go alone. I’m not sure what things are like in the city now with the Malornians in charge.”
“But what if Malornians come here again while you’re gone?”
Tarvic thought about that. His construction project seemed to have fooled everyone so far, but what if enemy soldiers tried to break into the house while he was away? They rode by in twos and threes almost every day, probably running errands or taking messages to and from Malorn. Sometimes bigger groups rode past. One morning last week he saw half a dozen privates accompanying a broad-shouldered, pasty-faced officer toward the capital. Their horses were loaded down with packs, as though the riders planned to stay a long time, and the officer’s face was full of cruel anticipation. Tarvic watched from the porch as they rode by, his heart clenching as the officer turned and looked his way. He felt limp with relief when they didn’t stop. But the next group could. And what will happen if they find only the girls here?
“I suppose it might be better if I didn’t leave you behind,” he admitted. “Almar would be a long way for you to walk, though.”
“That doesn’t matter.” Rania brightened at the thought of a trip to the city. “We’ve been stuck inside almost all day, every day, for nearly three weeks. I would enjoy a long walk more than anything right now.”
“I would enjoy a long walk more than anything, too,” said Sennie seriously.
Crielle eyed her little sister doubtfully. “I’m not sure Sennie could make it there and back in one day.”
Sennie scowled at her. “Yes, I could!”
“I don’t think so. You get tired quickly, and your legs are short. We’d probably have to take turns carrying you, and that would slow us all down.”
“Someone might give us a ride,” Rania pointed out. “Alasians pass this way too, you know.”
“Yes, but what if they don’t?”
“Then we can spend the night in Almar and come back the next day.” She refused to be dissuaded. “We’ve done that lots of times with Father.”
“Inns are expensive,” Crielle told her, “and we won’t be able to find Uncle Jorn’s house on our own.”
“Then we can camp somewhere outside the city. You know how many times we’ve talked about going camping someday.”
“We can’t stay away from home that long, anyway. Who would milk the cows?”
They paused in their debate to consider this. “We could lend them to someone,” Rania suggested. “One of the families whose cows were stolen would probably be glad to take care of them for a couple of days in exchange for the free milk.”
Crielle seemed to be out of arguments. She turned to Tarvic. “What do you think?”
Having the girls along would make the trip slower but more interesting. He still didn’t like the thought of being responsible for their safety in the capital, but leaving them unprotected here could be just as bad. “We should get off the road and hide when we hear anyone coming,” he warned, “at least until we see if they’re soldiers or not. And depending on what we find when we arrive, I may need you three to wait somewhere safe while I do the buying and selling. Will you promise to do what I say if you come?”
“Yes,” said Crielle.
“Me too,” said Sennie.
“I suppose,” said Rania. She smiled triumphantly at her sisters. “Finally we can get out of the house!”
Tarvic was thankful that although he still suffered from headaches nearly every day, he was otherwise back to full health, more or less. The pain inside when he thought of his friends or his king still felt like a fist clenched around his guts, but physically, he was ready for the journey. Without a sword, he wasn’t sure he would be ready to face Malornian-occupied Almar, but he would have to manage somehow.
That afternoon, he scrubbed out the wheelbarrow and lined it with a blanket in preparation for an early start the next day. This was going to be difficult without a cart, but they didn’t exactly have much choice. Crielle filled a sack with their containers of butter and helped him load it onto the wheelbarrow while Rania and Sennie packed bread and butter sandwiches for the trip. Then they took the cows and Purry over to a neighbor’s farm.
“You’re bringing flint and steel, right?” Crielle questioned over supper. “So we can light a fire if we do have to camp overnight?”
“Yes. They’re already in my coat pocket.”
“What about water? We’ll want something to drink on our walk.”
“I filled your jug there from the well.” Tarvic pointed. “I’ll set it on top of the load before we leave.”
“And we’ll need more blankets, if we’re going to sleep outside.”
“I know. We’ll take off the ones on our beds in the morning.”
“What about bringing my father’s bow and arrows, just in case?”
“Definitely.” Tarvic had already decided to pack the stronger arrows, the kind that could bring down a deer … or a human. Not that he would have time to hunt on this trip. But he didn’t want to venture into enemy territory unarmed.
“And your name. If we’re going to take a journey together, we need to know your name.”
He chuckled. “Sorry. Nice try.”
Sennie jumped around in excitement the next morning as they all put on extra layers of clothing, piled more blankets on top of the load, and finally wheeled the barrow down the pasture, out the gate, and onto the main road. “I’m so excited! I’ve never been camping before. This will be very very fun!”
Tarvic hoped they would be back before nightfall so it wouldn’t come down to that. He had learned outdoor survival skills in the army, of course, but camping without a tent in winter didn’t appeal to him. Light dustings of snow had fallen several times in the last few weeks, as well as occasional freezing rain. Either one had the potential to make this trip most unpleasant.
But the sky was clear as they started down the main road at dawn. The loaded wheelbarrow was harder to push than Tarvic had anticipated, and his back was soon sore from walking hunched over it. The wayward little vehicle veered in any direction except straight ahead. It resisted him stubbornly every time the road climbed a hill and tried to escape from him on every downhill. He was thankful for the mittens Crielle had made him; they cushioned his hands from the rough wooden handles, but he could soon feel himself starting to get blisters anyway. The older two girls offered to take turns pushing the wheelbarrow, but Tarvic wouldn’t let them. This was his job.
Sennie scampered ahead, prancing around the rest of them and running in energetic circles at first. But she soon grew tired and trudged along beside her sisters, holding their hands. Eventually she began asking when they could stop for a rest and begging the others to carry her.
Finally Tarvic heard the sound he had been listening for. Hoofbeats. “Run into the woods,” he ordered the others.
Following them with the loaded wheelbarrow proved much more difficult than he had anticipated. The moment its lone wheel left the relatively smooth surface of the road, it wobbled and fell sideways, tipping the load into a ditch. While Rania pulled Sennie into the trees, Crielle dashed back, scrambling to help Tarvic pick up their luggage and shove everything back into the barrow. Finally they huddled down in the ditch themselves, hoping whoever was coming wouldn’t notice them there.
The farm wagon that trundled by never even slowed. Crielle scowled after it as she and Tarvic lifted the wheelbarrow back onto the road. “We could have asked for a ride.”
Rania laughed as she and Sennie rejoined them. “That would have been nice, but it was pretty funny to see the two of you dive into the ditch like that.”
Her older sister glared at her. “Next time you’re doing the diving, and I’ll drag Sennie behind a tree.”
“Next time, Sennie should run behind a tree by herself, and the three of us should pick up the wheelbarrow and just carry it off the road,” Tarvic said. “Then, if we can tell for certain that the person coming is a farmer, I’ll step out and ask for a ride.”
They had a chance to practice their new strategy just a few minutes later. At the sound of hooves from behind them, Sennie ran for the trees as ordered, and the other three lifted the wheelbarrow and shuffled hastily after her.
This time, they were right to be cautious. First came two soldiers in red and black with trumpets dangling from cords around their necks. Just behind them, a third soldier carried a banner that displayed a hawk and two crossed spears, black on a red background. The Malornian flag. Next rode row after row of mounted soldiers, four abreast. Peering out from behind a tree, Tarvic counted twenty-six rows. Why are so many new soldiers on their way to Almar? He had assumed the whole Malornian army was there already.
The answer, or a hint at it, came in the form of a carriage pulled by six perfectly-matched black horses. The soldiers must be escorting someone important into town. A high-ranking Malornian official, obviously; perhaps a member of the government.
Tarvic clenched his fists, glaring at the tall, proud-looking man in the carriage. He thought of the bow and arrows sitting just a few feet away. I could avenge all my companions’ deaths right now. Of course, even if he could nock an arrow in time and aim accurately into the moving carriage, all those soldiers would immediately wheel and charge, and he and the girls would join his companions in death. I have to wait for a better time.
“Who do you think that is?” whispered Crielle from beside him. “Do you think it’s the Malornian king?”
“I don’t think so. I seem to remember their king died a few years ago. His young son is in charge of the kingdom now.” Tarvic watched as the carriage disappeared down the road, more soldiers trotting behind. “That man might be the regent.”
“What’s a regent?” Rania wanted to know.
“Someone who helps a prince rule until he’s old enough to actually become king. The regent probably helped the prince plan how they would conquer our land.”
The girls joined him in glaring after the procession. “I hate them both,” said Rania.
“I hate them both, too,” announced Sennie. She stuck her tongue out at the last of the soldiers as they disappeared around a bend.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN



After another mile or so, Tarvic finally gave in to Sennie’s pleas to sit down for a proper rest. They had barely seated themselves among the trees, however, when a cart rounded the corner and trundled toward them.
Rania peered out from behind her tree. “I can’t tell if it’s a farmer, but the driver looks like an old man. Not a soldier.”
She was right. Tarvic scrambled to his feet, hurried out into the road, and waved. 
The driver reined in his horses. “Good morning.” If there had been any doubt, his lack of accent made it clear he was Alasian.
“Good morning.” Tarvic glanced into the back of the cart, which was empty except for a pile of folded sacks. “Would you be willing to give a few tired travelers a ride? There are four of us plus a wheelbarrow.”
“Where are you heading?”
“Almar, but if you aren’t going that far, we’d be glad of a ride even for a few miles.”
“I’m going to the capital, too.” The man gestured to the space behind him. “Climb on in.”
Tarvic hurried back to the others. “He can take us all the way.”
“Yay!” Sennie jumped to her feet. “Almar is too far away. I don’t ever want to walk there again. But can we still go camping tonight?”
“We might have to.” Tarvic maneuvered the wheelbarrow back toward the road. “We’ll sell the butter and do our shopping and then head back toward home. At the rate we’ve been going, I doubt we’ll make it by nightfall, so we’ll probably have to stop for the night somewhere on the way unless someone else gives us a ride.”
Tarvic unloaded the wheelbarrow into the bed of the cart. The driver watched him, raising his eyebrows at the sight of the bow and arrows. “You may not want to bring those,” he warned. “The Malornians have set up checkpoints at the edge of town, and they’ll likely confiscate any weapons you try to bring in.”
“But they’re my father’s,” Crielle protested. “We can’t just throw them away.”
“Leave them here and stop by for them on your way back,” suggested the man.
Tarvic hesitated. “Could I hide them in one of your sacks?” He had no desire to enter the capital unarmed. What if I need to protect the girls?
“They’ll probably search the cart.”
Having the bow confiscated would mean no more meat, not to mention no possibility of defense later. With a sigh of frustration, Tarvic took the bow and quiver of arrows back into the trees. He hung the quiver from a branch where it would be out of sight of anyone passing by and propped the bow up against the trunk of the same tree. Then he picked up a fallen branch and dragged it out to where he would be sure to see it from the road, positioned so that it was surreptitiously pointing in the direction of his not-so-securely hidden weapons. The last thing he wanted was to forget exactly where along the route he had left them.
“What’s your name?” the driver asked as Tarvic hoisted the now-empty wheelbarrow onto the cart.
Crielle turned and grinned at Tarvic. “Yes, why don’t you tell him?”
Tarvic felt himself turning red. Tarvic the Mighty would never have let anyone talk him into leaving his weapons behind. “I’d prefer to stay nameless,” he mumbled.
The driver nodded in understanding. “It’s often safer that way.”
“Who are you?” Sennie wanted to know as her sisters helped her up onto the seat beside the driver.
Tarvic half expected the man not to answer either, but he said, “You can call me Ed.” Glancing over his shoulder to make sure Tarvic had settled himself in the back of the cart, Ed slapped his reins, and the horses started off again at a trot. “You seem to have a long journey planned for that little wheelbarrow of yours.”
Sennie chattered to him about their butter and the food they needed and the uncle who had not returned their cart, and how they couldn’t wait for their father to come home before they found a way to earn money. “He’s going to teach us all how to make cheese when he gets back from the army,” she confided. “I like cheese.”
“Your father’s in the army?” Ed glanced down at her, and Tarvic thought he looked worried. “Have you heard from him since the Invasion?”
Tarvic’s heart sank. Is he about to tell them what I tried so hard to keep secret?
“No, but we know he must be busy fighting the Malornians somewhere.” Rania’s voice held a note of defiance that hinted she chose not to believe anything else. “He’ll come home eventually. After our army beats them.”
So she does know.
“I hope he will.” Ed’s voice was sober. “It might take a while, though. You’re wise not to just sit around and wait. How much are you selling that butter for?”
“Fifteen coppers for each tin,” said Crielle. “We were planning to find a spot in the market to try to sell it, but if you know anyone who might be interested …”
“Actually, I would be interested,” said Ed. “I’ll buy all you’ve got. I’m heading to that same market to purchase a cartload of food for a group of hungry people I know, and I’m sure they’d be delighted to have some fresh butter to go with their bread and vegetables.”
The girls exchanged delighted glances, and Crielle turned around to share a smile with Tarvic. “Oh, thank you, sir! That would be such a help to us!”
Tarvic was curious about who the old man was providing so generously for, but Ed didn’t offer any further information. For the next hour or two, he simply made conversation about the weather and the inconvenience of having so many enemy soldiers around.
More roads joined theirs as they drew closer to the capital, and eventually they were sharing the journey with other carts, riders, and pedestrians. As Almar loomed before them, traffic slowed to a walk, and soon Tarvic saw why. A group of Malornian soldiers had set up a roadblock, preventing anyone from passing in either direction until they could check their vehicle. Most pedestrians and travelers on horseback were allowed to pass with only a quick glance at what they were carrying, though some had to put up with being frisked. But anyone in a cart or wagon was made to wait while the soldiers checked its contents.
Sennie turned and scrambled off the seat, joining Tarvic in the back. “You’ll keep us safe, right, Sad Crazy Lonely Man?” She clutched his hand and huddled close to him, staring at the soldiers with big eyes.
The sight of the Malornians so close up was like acid poured on the wounds in his heart. I wish I had that bow. But Tarvic counted eight of them at the roadblock, all armed. A bow wouldn’t do him much good against so many.
He was relieved to see that none of the soldiers looked familiar and that they didn’t seem to be harming anyone. “Don’t worry,” he told Sennie. “I won’t let anybody hurt you.” As if he would really be able to do much if they tried. But he scooted forward to be closer to Crielle. Surely those men wouldn’t make any inappropriate moves out here in public, but if they did, he would have to stop them somehow.
When Ed’s cart finally reached the front of the line, a couple of soldiers bent to peer underneath it while two more came around to inspect the back. “Out,” one of them ordered.
His jaw clenched shut against the things he would like to say, Tarvic climbed over the side and lifted Sennie down beside him. They all watched as the soldiers picked up the blankets to check underneath them and shook out Ed’s empty sacks. One man opened the girls’ sack and inspected the tins of butter.
“Don’t you take those,” ordered Sennie, cowering against Tarvic in spite of her brave words. “They’re not yours.”
Tarvic held his breath, wondering if he was going to have to step in front of a blade to protect her. But the soldiers merely chuckled as they finished their search, taking nothing. Finally they stepped aside and waved Ed on.
“What did they poke through our things for?” Rania wanted to know as soon as they were out of earshot. “It’s as though they’re looking for something.”
“Or someone,” Crielle suggested.
“They are,” Ed replied with a little smile, “but they won’t find him here.”
“What do you mean?”
He chuckled. “Never mind.”
Almar no longer cowered in fear as it had when Tarvic was here last. Citizens walked or rode here and there and went about their business, and he even saw a few children playing outside their houses. The sight made him feel a little better about bringing the girls here, even though life in the capital had obviously not returned to normal.
The city was full of enemy soldiers. As they rode down the street, Tarvic lost count of how many he saw. Two or three of them stood on almost every corner, and they patrolled the sidewalk in little clusters. Once, all traffic had to move to the side of the road as a troop of them trotted by on horseback. Alasians threw them resentful looks, giving them a wide berth as they passed. He saw some of the soldiers exchange angry words with people, and a few looked at certain citizens in ways that would have made Tarvic reach for a sword if he had one. But he breathed easier as he realized that nobody was actually hurting anyone, or stealing from them, for that matter.
At last Ed pulled up to a hitching bar outside a busy market. They all got out of the cart and stretched, and Tarvic lifted the wheelbarrow and their other possessions out. Ed counted the tins of butter and stowed them in a couple of his sacks. Glancing around to make sure no soldiers or anyone suspicious was watching, he handed Crielle a gold coin. “Here you go. Keep the change; it’s close enough.”
“Thank you, sir. Thank you very much.” She slid the coin into her pocket, beaming. “I hope your friends enjoy the butter.”
“Oh, they will. If I happen to see you on my way back, and if I have room, I’ll be glad to give you all a ride home. But unfortunately, I will probably have a full load, and I may not end up leaving until tomorrow. I have to speak with a few people, as well as buy food, while I’m here. Good luck with your shopping and your journey back.”
He disappeared into the market, and the girls clustered around Tarvic to make their plans. “Let’s buy what we need and head out of the city as soon as possible,” Tarvic said. He had a bad feeling about all the enemy soldiers here.
“But I’m starving. Aren’t you?” Inhaling the scent of roasting meat from a nearby tavern, Rania reached for their bag of bread and butter. “It’s past lunchtime. Let’s find somewhere to sit down and eat before anything else.”
“Let’s eat after we shop.” Crielle looked as anxious as Tarvic felt. “We can even eat as we walk back. I don’t want to stay here any longer than we have to.”
“But I’m starving too.” Sennie pouted. “I was waiting and waiting.”
“The soldiers don’t seem to be bothering anyone,” Rania pointed out. “And you enjoy the city. We all do.”
“That’s when Father is with us and there aren’t all these leering men.” Crielle pulled her cloak a little tighter around her.
“What’s leering mean?” Sennie asked.
“Never mind. Let’s just go buy what we need as quickly as we can.”
“I don’t want to.” Stubbornly, the little girl pulled a sandwich out of the bag and took a huge bite.
“Why don’t the two of you start shopping, and Sennie and I will wait over there and eat?” Rania pointed across the street, where stone benches ringed a little park. “You can come back and get us after you’ve bought the first few things, and then we’ll join you to find the rest.”
Crielle hesitated, turning to Tarvic. “What do you think?”
“You’re not going to wander away, are you?” Tarvic asked Rania.
“Of course not.”
It was broad daylight, and the area was full of people, including other children playing in the park. Tarvic wouldn’t have felt comfortable leaving any of them alone, but as long as the two sisters stayed together, what could happen? “I think it’s all right,” he said.
“Then you keep the wheelbarrow, so we don’t have to squeeze it through the crowds.” Crielle turned it so her sister could take the handles. “We’ll come back in a few minutes.”


CHAPTER FOURTEEN



Tarvic and Crielle made their way through the crowded streets of the market, past stalls and tables covered with food, colorful bolts of cloth, pots and pans, leather goods, and glassware. “Do you know where we’re going?” he asked her.
“Sort of. When we come with Father, he usually parks on the other side, but I think there’s a shop that sells baking supplies at the end of this street. We can get the flour and sugar first and then look for potatoes and some vegetables. We’re out of eggs, too, but those will be easier to buy from one of our neighbors. Oh, and we need more tins for butter.”
Fewer Malornians patrolled here in the market, though Tarvic still saw some. In a bakery they passed, two red-uniformed soldiers argued with the manager over the price of pastries. Several more sat at tables in a little restaurant, and others were drinking in a tavern. He and Crielle moved aside to pass three soldiers talking by the roadside.
And then Tarvic paused and looked back. I know that man. One of the soldiers looked familiar, but where had Tarvic seen him? Passing the girls’ home? No. In the battle? Tarvic didn’t think so. What with the rain and torches and chaos, he couldn’t recall any particular faces from that night.
Where do I know that fellow from?
And then it hit him. This man was an Alasian soldier. He was in a different platoon, Tarvic wasn’t sure which one, but they were both in Company C. He remembered seeing him around camp as well as at the barracks. What was his name, again?
Oh, yes. Dannel.
And here he was wearing a Malornian uniform and speaking comfortably to Malornian soldiers in a Malornian accent.
There was only one explanation.
Traitor! Tarvic felt hot all over. When did Dannel join the enemy?
Crielle, who had kept walking, realized Tarvic wasn’t with her and turned back. “What are you looking at?”
“That man.” Tarvic was so angry and confused he could hardly speak. “I know him.” Should I go up to him and say something? But how could he, with those two Malornians right there? Questions swarmed in his mind. Why are you talking like a Malornian now when you’ve always sounded Alasian before? Which are you really? How much are they paying you to work for them? Did you abandon us before the Invasion, or after? Did you know the Invasion was coming?
Tarvic wondered again how the Malornians knew exactly where to find the Alasian army that night. The camp in the hills was not exactly a secret, but only soldiers ever had reason to go there. It lay miles from the nearest village and wasn’t on the way to anywhere in particular. Tarvic doubted that any Alasian civilians knew exactly where to find it, let alone foreigners who had probably never crossed the border before.
Someone on the inside was working for the Malornians.
That had to be it. Glaring at Dannel, Tarvic clenched his hands into fists.
As though Dannel could feel Tarvic’s gaze, he turned his head. Their eyes met, and Tarvic saw recognition spark in the other man’s eyes.
Crielle tugged at his arm. “Let’s go.”
Suddenly realizing what a good idea that was, Tarvic spun around. His heart pounding, he strode away, walking as fast as he could without actually running.
Crielle had to trot to keep up. “What’s the matter? How do you know that Malornian?”
“He’s not a Malornian. He’s an Alasian traitor.”
Or perhaps Dannel was Malornian, Tarvic thought, and had merely pretended to be Alasian earlier. Either way, the man was dangerous. Risking a glance over his shoulder, he saw Dannel speak to his companions as though to excuse himself and then start after them.
Tarvic grabbed Crielle’s hand and pulled her around a corner. “Quick!”
They ran through the crowd, dodging and darting between people, their feet pounding over the cobblestones. Some stepped aside to let them pass; others just gave them annoyed looks. “He’ll round the corner at any moment and see us.” Tarvic glanced behind him again, but there were too many people in the way for him to tell if Dannel had spotted them. “We have to find somewhere to hide.”
“Here.” Crielle pulled him through the open door of a shop full of wheels of cheese. The shopkeeper, who was arguing with two customers, barely glanced at them as the girl walked past him as though to examine his wares. Then she tugged Tarvic through a doorway and into a moldy-smelling storage room before exiting through a back door onto a different street. “Do you think we’ve lost him?”
“I don’t know. Maybe.” Tarvic felt his heart still thudding against his ribs. I need my sword. What would Dannel have done if he’d caught up to them?
Tarvic turned to Crielle, and even in the midst of his worry and confusion, it struck him how pretty she looked with her face flushed from running. He had never noticed how deep her hazel eyes were. And she was still holding his hand.
Even as embarrassment flooded him, Tarvic found time to realize that he liked the way her fingers felt wrapped around his. Hastily, he let go and stepped back, hoping she wouldn’t think he had been too forward.
But Crielle didn’t seem offended. “How do you know that man?” she asked again.
Looking away to clear his head, Tarvic summarized what he knew and what he guessed. “If he catches up with me, he might try to make sure I could never tell anyone what he did.”
“And you’re certain it couldn’t possibly be a different person?”
“I’m certain. I don’t know him well, but I’ve talked to him a few times, trained with him. He’s good with his sword. Once I lost two silvers to him in a card game.”
“You gamble?” Crielle looked at him in surprised reproach.
“No! I mean, not really.” Tarvic felt himself turning red under her disapproval. “I’ve only played for money a handful of times. And that was the last time. I decided it wasn’t worth risking so much of my pay on my bad luck.”
They both froze as they heard a muffled voice through the closed door behind them. “He followed us through the shop!” Crielle exclaimed.
Tarvic seized her hand again — the danger made a good excuse — and they ran down the cobbled street once more. Where can we hide this time? None of the shops along here looked big enough to have a back room, but an alley opened up to their left, and he pulled her into it.
“Where are you taking us? This is a dead end!”
She was right. But several doors stood shut in the walls on either side. Tarvic tried the first one, but it was locked. “Maybe someone will let us in.”
“This was not a good place to hide!” But she pulled her hand free and joined him in trying handles. “If we go back out to the street, he’s sure to see us. He’s probably right by the mouth of the alley by now.”
Tarvic banged on the last door with his fist. “Help! Please!”
The door was jerked open so suddenly that he almost fell in. “What do you want?” 
A very large, very brawny man in a stained white apron stood there, glaring down at him. He brandished a huge blood-streaked knife in one hand. They both recoiled, but then Crielle stepped closer. “Please, a Malornian soldier is after us. I’m afraid he’s going to kill us. Please let us in!”
Tarvic’s first thought was that she was a good actress, and then he realized that she probably wasn’t acting.
But the man opened the door and pulled them both inside. “Get in, then. Any enemy of those cursed dogs is welcome here.” The door shut behind them with a thud, and he turned a bolt.
They stood surrounded by shelves full of pumpkins and potatoes, strings of onions and garlic dangling from the ceiling just above their heads. A pot of stew hung simmering over a large fireplace, filling the room with the aroma of tomatoes and chicken.
The cook turned back to a counter where he had been carving a side of beef. “My boss insists on allowing them to eat in his restaurant, though I refuse to serve them. If you want to wait here in the kitchen, just sit in a corner out of the way, but you’ll have to explain why you’re here if he comes in. Or you can go out through the dining room, but I think some of them are eating in there at the moment.” He raised his dagger-sized knife and brought it down on the meat with a bone-cleaving crack.
“Thank you.” Tarvic edged toward the doorway. He couldn’t help casting a glance over his shoulder to the closed door through which they had entered, but he heard nothing from beyond it. Had Dannel seen them enter?
“What if he goes around to the front?” whispered Crielle.
“Let’s not rush right out there.” Tarvic peeked out of the kitchen into a short hallway. Voices and the clink of dishes sounded from beyond. He led the way down the hall, stopping just before another doorway that opened to their left. A quick glance through it showed tables and chairs and red and black uniforms.
“The cook was right. There are several Malornians out there,” he whispered to Crielle.
“Do you think we need to wait here until they leave?” she asked. “They won’t be suspicious if we just walk out, right?”
“I don’t know. If they notice us, they might wonder what we were doing back here. Let’s wait a bit and see if Dannel comes in. If he does, we can sneak out again through the kitchen.”
They waited, their backs pressed against the wall. Tarvic kept his eyes on the sliver of the room that he could see from here. It wasn’t much, but if the front door opened, he was sure he would hear it.
“You have to tell me your name this time,” said Crielle from beside him. “You’ve held my hand twice now. You can’t hold a girl’s hand and not tell her your name.”
Tarvic’s face burned. “I — that was only — I didn’t mean —”
“It doesn’t matter what you meant.” He didn’t dare turn to look at her, but out of the corner of his eye, he could see her smiling. She was enjoying this. “You took my hand in yours, and now I insist you tell me who you are.”
“I — you know who I am. The part that matters, anyway.”
“Your name matters. I want to know it. You owe it to me, now.”
A man who must be the restaurant manager came bustling through the doorway with a tray of dirty dishes in his hands. He stopped short when he saw them there in the hall. Tarvic put a finger to his lips before the man could speak. “Please, sir, don’t give us away,” he whispered. “The Malornians are after us. We’re waiting to slip out when the ones out there leave.”
The man’s eyes lit up with understanding. He glanced over his shoulder into the dining room. “All right. I don’t dare not let them eat here, but that doesn’t mean I’ll help them. You’re safe in my hallway as far as I’m concerned. Just keep out of the way.” He disappeared into the kitchen.
Relieved at the interruption, Tarvic glanced toward the dining room again, hoping Crielle would forget what they had been talking about. Then he realized he could hear what one of the officers was saying.
“The Alasians must have a whole network of spies and informers,” a man at the closest table complained. “It seems we can’t do anything in secret. No matter how careful we are at the roadblocks, we can’t stop information from getting out.”
Tarvic turned and glanced at Crielle, whose eyes were wide. Are we overhearing a secret conversation?
“My men have a few leads now, though,” said another voice. “I generally assign the same ones to the same areas so they can watch for patterns. We caught a fellow yesterday who I’m nearly certain was a spy, and we’ve got our eyes on a few more. There’s one old man whom I glimpsed in the market just before I met you here. He comes around a lot, but he seems to keep showing up and then disappearing. The troops manning the southern roadblock say he leaves the city through that one with a cart full of food and comes back in a couple days with it empty. A day or so later, he leaves with more food. Has a different excuse every time about where he’s taking it.”
Tarvic caught his breath. Are they talking about Ed?
Crielle grabbed Tarvic’s arm and stood on tiptoe to whisper in his ear. “Do you think Ed’s in danger?”
Distracted by her nearness and the tickle of her breath on his cheek, Tarvic lost track of the question for a moment. “I don’t know,” he replied finally. “Let’s see if they say what they’re planning.” And if there’s any way we can stop them.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN



“What’s your theory about the old man?” the first soldier asked his companion.
“I think he knows where those missing Alasian troops are. I think he’s taking them supplies.”
Beside him, Crielle sucked in her breath, and Tarvic’s heart seemed to stop. Missing Alasian troops?! Could anyone I know have survived? Could her father have survived? Does Ed know where they are?
“We should bring him in for questioning, then,” said the other soldier. “It’s about time we got some answers. Now that Regent Rampus is here, doubtless he’ll pay a hefty reward to anyone who can solve that particular problem.”
Tarvic shuddered at the thought of Ed being captured and interrogated. Would they force him to give up information about the Alasian army? They would try, certainly, and if they succeeded, the survivors would be found, attacked again, and slaughtered. He knew that for sure.
“If the old man stays true to pattern, he’ll be leaving later today or tomorrow,” said the first officer. “I’ll let my men know to watch for him and bring him in when he tries to leave the city. It won’t be long before we have those missing soldiers taken care of at last.”
Tarvic heard the sound of a chair scraping. “Thanks for the drink. I’ll go see to that now.”
The restaurant manager passed again, carrying a tray of food to the dining room, as Crielle tugged Tarvic back down the hall. “We have to find Ed and warn him!” she exclaimed.
The cook looked up as they reentered the kitchen. “You leaving the way you came?”
“Maybe. I’ll check if it’s clear first.” Tarvic hesitated by the door. What if Dannel was standing there waiting?
The cook reached for the bolt. “I’ll check. Stand out of sight. If some Malornian is lurking out there, I’ll cleave his skull and serve him to his friends in the stew.” Crielle and Tarvic shot each other a startled look as he hefted his gigantic knife and pulled the door open. Tarvic wondered if the man would really follow through on his threat.
The chef seemed almost disappointed as he stepped back inside. “No one’s out there. Feel free to come back if you need to, though. I’ll open right up if you knock.”
They hurried through the alley and looked both ways as they returned to the street. Plenty of shoppers still milled about, but Tarvic saw no sign of Dannel.
“Where do you think we can find Ed?” Crielle asked.
“He said he was going to buy bread and vegetables,” Tarvic recalled. “We’ve passed lots of shops and stands selling vegetables, but I haven’t seen many with bread.”
Crielle tapped the shoulder of a woman walking past with two young children. “Excuse me. Do you know where someone could buy dozens of loaves of bread at once?”
The woman paused, considering. “I know of three different bakeries around here, but if you want a lot, you’d probably have to buy it from the big one two streets that way.” She pointed. “It has a picture of a loaf of bread and a cake above the door.”
It didn’t take long to find the bakery in question, but there was no sign of Ed in its yeast-scented interior. “Has an old man come in here recently to buy a lot of bread?” asked Tarvic.
The man behind the flour-dusted counter nodded. “Someone left just a moment ago with two sacks full.”
“Do you know which way he went?”
“I saw him turn right out of the door.”
They hurried in that direction, and Tarvic soon realized they were heading back toward where they had left the younger girls. Crielle craned her neck. “Oh, good. Rania and Sennie are still there in the park.”
They found Ed arranging his load in the back of his cart. He looked up as they arrived. “Oh, hello. I didn’t expect to see you again so soon.”
“You’re in danger.” Glancing around to make sure no one else was in earshot, Tarvic blurted out what they had learned.
“So you’d better not leave the city with your cart today or tomorrow,” Crielle finished.
The old man had turned pale. “That’s very bad news. I can’t afford to wait. That is, the people I’m taking the food to can’t afford to wait for it.”
Tarvic glanced around once more. “Is it true that some of our soldiers survived?”
“Hush! We mustn’t speak of that here.”
“Please tell me,” Crielle pleaded. “I need to know if there’s a chance my father is alive.”
The old man’s face softened, and he placed a hand on her shoulder. “There’s a chance, child. Just a chance. Not many made it, but perhaps he was one of the lucky ones.”
Desperate hope began to blossom in Tarvic’s aching heart. My friends …?
Ed must have seen his face light up. “Listen. How would you like to help them out?”
“Yes!” exclaimed Tarvic and Crielle together.
“It seems I can’t leave the city any time soon with their next delivery of food, but perhaps you could take it. Lots of people come and go with carts. They’re only looking for an old man.”
Tarvic couldn’t hold back his grin. Alasian soldiers are hiding somewhere, and I get to help them! Could he rejoin them? But then what would happen to the girls?
“Where would we take the food?” Crielle asked.
“I’ll give you directions. You’d have to travel through the rest of today and part of tomorrow to get there and back, so you’d have to stay at least one night along the way. Can you manage it with your younger sisters?”
“We were planning to camp anyway.” Crielle hesitated. “But would it be dangerous?”
“There’s always the potential of danger when our kingdom’s enemies are involved. But the danger to our men will be far greater if you breathe a word to anyone about where you’re going or what you’re doing.”
“How many of them are left?” Tarvic wanted to know. “Do they have a plan? Will they try to drive the Malornians out of Alasia?”
“Hush!” The old man scowled at him. “You place them in danger simply by talking about them. Not to mention the interrogation we would all face if one of the enemy overheard us. For everyone’s safety, I can’t tell you any more than I have.”
“I understand.” Not that Tarvic would leave it at that. Of course he was going to find out all he could, one way or another. “But yes, I’ll take them the food.” He turned to Crielle. “I can do it on my own. You and your sisters should return home, just in case. It would be safer.” Then I can return to the army without abandoning you somewhere.
“Safer? For the three of us to walk back with a wheelbarrow full of food when there are soldiers on the road, and spend the night in the hills by ourselves?” She glared at him. “Don’t be ridiculous. Besides, with children in the cart, the Malornians will be less likely to suspect that you’re up to something.”
She had a point. “All right,” Tarvic conceded. “We’ll do it together.” He turned to Ed. “What’s the plan?”
“I need to buy a few more items for them first,” said Ed. “And don’t you need to do some shopping too? After that, you’ll head out of the city by the way we came in. You’ll take the same road through the hills and keep going south till you come to the city of Mosra. Do you know where that is?”
Tarvic nodded. Mosra was one of the largest cities in Alasia. He had been there several times and was familiar with the route and the area.
“From Mosra, a smaller road leads southwest to a village called Keston, at the edge of the Southern Woods. I’m friends with the innkeeper there. If you take the cart and its cargo to him and tell him it’s from me for our friends, he’ll know what to do.”
Tarvic’s heart sank. So I won’t even get to see the soldiers? But he nodded. Anything that would help the Alasian army and possibly result in the Malornians’ defeat would be worth it. And when they got to Keston, perhaps he could find a way to rejoin the other soldiers after all. They probably had a hideout in the woods.
At least I get to do something for Alasia. His kingdom was badly injured, but perhaps it wasn’t dead, as he had assumed. This task, as small as it was, would help to keep Alasia alive a little longer. Maybe long enough for something important to change.
As Ed reached into the cart to gather up more of his empty sacks, Crielle turned to Tarvic. “You know, I think that was the first time I’ve seen you really smile. You should do it more often.”
Her own smile made it hard for him to think what to say. “I haven’t had much to be happy about. Well, until now.”
Her expression turned teasing. “Since we’re going on a mission together, you need to tell me your name.”
He chuckled. “Sorry. What you don’t know, you can’t reveal under interrogation if they catch us.”
She laughed at that. “What, are you someone famous who the enemy is after?”
“Not in the least.” He turned to see the two younger girls approaching. “Come on, let’s go buy what we need so we can leave all the sooner.”


CHAPTER SIXTEEN



“Why are we taking Ed’s cart when he’s not here?” demanded Sennie for the fourth time.
“Be quiet,” said both her sisters together.
“And don’t say anything when the soldiers stop us,” added Crielle as Tarvic urged Ed’s horses on toward the roadblock ahead.
“Why not?”
“Because we don’t want them to notice us any more than they’re already going to.”
“Why not?”
“Because they might cause trouble for us. Now be quiet.”
“But why would they cause trouble?”
“Because they’re Malornian soldiers. It’s what they do. Now hush!”
“But —”
“Be quiet, Sennie!” said Tarvic and both older sisters together.
Two soldiers stepped out in front of the cart and gestured for them to stop. “Hello, Alasian,” said one of them.
Tarvic’s heart skipped a beat. It was Dannel. In the excitement of the overheard conversation and their new mission, he had almost forgotten about the man. 
Beside him, he could feel Crielle tense. “Hello … Malornian.” Tarvic tried to keep his voice steady. There was nowhere to run, no way to escape through the crowded street, especially not with a loaded cart and three girls in tow.
Dannel smiled at him as though they shared a secret. “Nice cart you’ve got now.”
He knows who I am. He knows I ran and hid from him earlier. Why doesn’t he say anything about it? Why doesn’t he tell his companions? Is he just toying with me?
Perhaps. Or perhaps Dannel’s Malornian companions didn’t know his role. Maybe his pretending to be an Alasian soldier was a secret from everyone except the Malornian high command.
Or had Dannel been pretending? What if he really was an Alasian soldier, and now he was on some sort of mission to infiltrate the Malornians’ ranks?
The other soldier interrupted Tarvic’s thoughts. “What’s the load you’ve got in the back there?”
“Food,” Tarvic said.
Two more Malornians stepped forward and jabbed their swords into the sacks as though they thought someone might be hiding in them. “Where are you taking it all?” Dannel’s companion asked.
“Home.”
Something about the way Dannel lifted one eyebrow in amusement as he glanced at the bulging sacks seemed to indicate that he knew better. “Oh, really?” he asked.
“Where’s home?” the other man demanded.
“A farm in the hills south of here.”
“What are you planning to do with all this? You’ll never eat all that bread before it goes stale, or the vegetables before they’re rotten.”
“We’re going to sell them to the neighbors. Most of them have lost all they have, thanks to your people coming through and stealing their livestock and winter stores.”
The soldier chuckled. “Pity about that, isn’t it?” He glanced at his friends who had been investigating the sacks. “Find anything?”
“No.” They both shook their heads.
“Be off with you, then.” The man walked around behind them to stop the next wagon.
Dannel locked eyes with Tarvic once again. “See you next time.” Again, that little smile.
Who is he? What exactly is he up to? Tarvic slapped the reins and urged the horses into a trot once more. He breathed a sigh of relief once they were out of the city, Dannel and the Malornians behind them.
“Now will you tell us what’s going on?” Rania asked. “You can’t expect us to just get in someone else’s cart and ride home without him but with his groceries, and not ask questions. Nobody else can hear us now, so start explaining.”
“Actually, we’re not going home,” Crielle told her. “We’re running an errand for Ed. He asked us to take all this to someone he knows in a village called Keston.” She and Tarvic had agreed it would be safer not to tell the younger girls more than that, just in case.
“All right. I suppose it’s only fair to help him out since he helped us earlier.” But Rania looked puzzled.
“He bought us some extra groceries, too, as thanks for doing him the favor.” Crielle jerked a thumb toward their load in the back. “Those two hams there are for us, and the tea and cabbages. We should have enough food to last us a few more weeks, now.”
“Do we get to keep the cart forever?” Sennie wondered.
“No, we’ll bring it home when we’re done with our errand,” Crielle told her. “We’ll park it in the shed, and in a few days Ed will come by and get it back from us.”
“How about the horses? They’re prettier than Father’s horse. I want to keep them.”
“Ed will need them to pull his cart back,” Tarvic pointed out. “We’ll keep them tied in the open part of the barn until he comes.”
Tarvic remembered to stop and pick up the bow and arrows when they passed the spot where he’d left them. He hid them between two of the bulging sacks, close enough that he could turn around and reach them from his seat if he needed to. He didn’t know if they would encounter any more Malornians, and shooting would be stupid if his enemies were in a group. But he felt better having a weapon at hand, just in case.
Further on, they stopped again at the girls’ house, where they got out just long enough to unload their own food and wheelbarrow and refill the water jug. Then they resumed their journey, Sennie napping in the back of the cart and the rest of them chatting as the afternoon wore on.
Finally, driving over a low hill, they saw the buildings of Mosra scattered across the plain ahead of them. “Is that where we’re going?” asked Sennie, sticking a sleepy head up from behind them.
“No, we’re going to a small village,” Crielle told her, “but we won’t get there until tomorrow.” She turned to Tarvic. “Where do you think we should stop for the night? It will be dusk soon, but we can’t exactly camp in the city.”
“I still want to camp,” Sennie protested.
“We will. We have to. We don’t have enough money to stay in an inn.” Tarvic leaned forward, peering at the route ahead. “Let’s go through the city first and find the turnoff Ed told us about. Once we’re on the smaller road and out in the wilderness again, we can look for a good spot.”
Tarvic was relieved not to encounter any roadblocks as they entered Mosra. Malornian soldiers did patrol the streets, though. He saw some of them stop a wagon just ahead, questioning the driver and peering into the crates he was hauling. Sennie crawled up to the front to join them, squeezing onto the seat between Tarvic and Crielle. She held her biggest sister’s hand tightly as the soldiers drew nearer. Tarvic’s heart beat a little faster, too. Will they search the wagon and find the bow? But the soldiers just glanced at Tarvic and the girls, one of them smiling at Sennie, before turning back to the wagon they had pulled over.
“See?” Crielle whispered to Tarvic when they were out of earshot. “I told you it would be a good idea for us all to come.”
A mile or so into the city, a smaller road branched off from the one they were on, heading southwest. Half a dozen signs nailed to a wooden post at the corner announced the names of towns the road would pass through in that direction.
“There it is.” Rania pointed. “Keston, there at the bottom.”
Tarvic was relieved when the new road led them straight out of the city. They weren’t likely to encounter enemy soldiers out among the meadows and scattered farms, especially not at night. “Now we can start looking for a good place to camp.”
“There,” said Sennie, pointing randomly. “Or there. Or there.”
“We don’t want to camp on a pile of rocks, or in a ditch or a clump of thorn bushes,” Crielle told her patiently. “The best place would be somewhere that has water and grass for the horses.”
“And trees,” Tarvic said, “so we can stay out of sight, just in case.”
“Like those ones!” Sennie pointed again, this time to a ribbon of trees that crossed their route not far ahead.
“Yes, like those,” Tarvic agreed. “They’re probably growing along the banks of a stream. We should be able to find a good spot somewhere up there.”
Sure enough, their road had no sooner ducked into the tree shadows than it crossed a wooden bridge over a creek. Tarvic slowed the horses to a walk and turned them off the road, the cart wheels jolting and bumping over rocks and roots, until he found a relatively flat spot by the water’s edge out of sight from the road. “We’ll camp here. There’s water, grass, shelter, and firewood.”
The girls got out and stretched their legs while Tarvic unhitched the horses and led them to the water for a drink. He hobbled them to graze, and then they all helped to gather fallen twigs and dead branches so he could light a fire.
“Now we get to camp!” Sennie, having napped for most of the trip, was far too energetic. She pranced around, dancing with the shadows cast by the flames, as Crielle passed out the squashed and crumbled bread and butter they had brought.
Sennie wanted to sing songs around the campfire after supper, but Tarvic convinced her it wouldn’t be safe to let their voices be heard. So she settled for a bedtime story from Crielle while Tarvic banked the fire so it wouldn’t go out before morning. Finally, everybody wrapped themselves up in blankets and lay down by the flames.
Sennie kept chattering at first, but finally she heeded her sisters’ orders to be quiet. A few minutes later she was snoring gently. The other girls’ steady breathing told Tarvic when they fell asleep as well.
But he couldn’t seem to get to sleep. His head ached dully, and he missed the willow tea that usually kept his headaches at bay. Though nowhere near as bad as the pain immediately after his injury, it was still enough to keep him awake. On top of that, the smell of damp earth was just pungent enough to be annoying, and the burble of the creek made him wonder if he was missing other, more important sounds under its murmur. Besides, closing his eyes didn’t feel right. Tarvic’s military training told him that someone should stay up and keep watch, but he couldn’t very well stand guard all night himself if he was to be awake all day tomorrow. And he certainly couldn’t wake any of the girls and ask them to watch for danger while he slept.
But something inside him wouldn’t settle down. Finally Tarvic stood up, folded his blankets with military precision, and stepped out of the circle of firelight.
There was probably nothing to worry about, he told himself. Who would come this far from a town at night?
Well, bandits might, or wild animals. Just in case, he fetched the bow from the cart, strung it, and hung the quiver of arrows over his shoulder. He knew he wouldn’t be able to shoot with much accuracy in the darkness among the trees, and he still wished he had his sword, but holding a weapon of any kind made him feel better.
Tarvic passed the sleeping horses and walked along the bank of the stream, peering into the trees and sparse wintry brush. But he saw no animals or hints of danger, heard nothing except the gurgle of water and the creak of branches in the breeze. 
Reaching the bridge, he crossed the road and walked a little way along the stream beyond it, occasionally stumbling over unseen roots and rocks. When he still saw and heard no signs of danger, he finally turned back.
The light from their fire was just visible from the road as a flickering glow between the trees, and Tarvic scolded himself for his carelessness. I should have built a smaller one or found a spot further away. He should go and put out the fire before someone saw it.
He was halfway back to their campsite when he heard the clop-clop of hooves on the road.


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN



How stupid can I be? I’m a soldier! Tarvic should have known better than to bring defenseless civilians into the wilderness with a loaded wagon and then mark their location for the world to see with a big bright fire.
Silently cursing his stupidity, Tarvic pulled out an arrow and crept back toward the bridge again. Would Malornian soldiers have any reason to pass this way at night? Perhaps, if they were on some mission. Or were the riders bandits? But what would bandits be doing out here so late when this was not a common place for travelers to camp?
He estimated that perhaps half a dozen horses were approaching at a walk, heading toward Mosra. Should I climb a tree? Several nearby looked climbable. In the branches of a tree, he could stay out of sight and perhaps get a better vantage point for shooting, if it came down to it.
But he was out of time. Tarvic had barely stepped behind the wide trunk of an oak when a group of men rode into sight. He nocked his arrow, hoping he wouldn’t have to use it after all. Of course he would do anything he could to protect Crielle and her sisters, but what could he accomplish against multiple armed enemies?
The riders stopped to let their horses drink, and Tarvic counted five of them. He heard them talking in low voices. “Looks like someone’s got a fire lit off that way,” said one. “Think we should go take a look?”
“It’s likely just some travelers who couldn’t afford an inn,” said another. “Or hunters, maybe, here to get an early start in the morning.”
“Maybe,” said a third voice. “Or it could be Malornians out on a patrol or mission.”
The men were definitely Alasian. It was obvious from their voices, not to mention that last comment. But what were they doing out here? Could they be soldiers?
Tarvic leaned a little further around the tree. As far as he could see in the dimness, they weren’t wearing uniforms, but —
“Who’s there?” All five of the men whirled to stare in his direction. Reaching for their swords, they tightened their reins, ready to charge.
Tarvic hesitated just an instant. But what use would it be to stay in hiding? They knew he was here now. He lowered the bow and stepped out from behind the tree. “Hello.”
They are soldiers! Surely no one else could charge forward and surround him that quickly, work together so smoothly to encircle him without getting in each other’s way.
Tarvic gripped the bow but knew better than to raise it again with five blades now pointing at his throat. “Don’t attack me! I’m one of you,” he managed. “Private Tarvic, Company C, Second Almar Battalion.”
The blades disappeared back into their sheaths, the men dismounted, and Tarvic found himself shaking hands and receiving slaps on the back and shoulders. He took a deep breath to dispel the adrenaline still racing through him.
“What are you doing here?” asked one of the soldiers, taller than the others. “Are you out on a mission?”
Tarvic hung his head. “I’m afraid not. I haven’t been with the army these last three weeks.” Briefly, he explained about losing consciousness in the battle and waking to find everyone dead or gone. “I’ve been living with a family who needed the extra help and protection. Earlier today a friend asked the girls and me to bring a cartload of food for what’s left of our army. We’re on our way to deliver it now.”
Even in the dimness, he could see their eyes light up, and he realized how thin they all were. “Then you are on a mission,” said one of them, a bearded fellow. “And a most welcome one! You’ll be taking the food to the woods, then?”
“Just to the village of Keston. I’m to leave it with an innkeeper there. But I can give it to you right now, if you want to take it the rest of the way.”
“We’re going in the opposite direction at the moment,” said the tall man. “We may not be back for a day or two. You’d best finish the delivery yourself.”
“Could — could I come with you?” Tarvic hated to beg, but though he didn’t know any of these men personally, just being around fellow soldiers filled him with the longing to live and serve with them again. He had been away from the army for too long. He yearned for the camaraderie, the sense of unity and purpose, the chance to make a difference against the enemy. Besides, surely they needed every man they could get. “I could help you in whatever mission you’re on and then go back with you to the woods afterward. I don’t have a sword anymore, but someone must have an extra, and I’m a good shot with the bow.”
They hesitated. “We do need every fighter we can get,” said one who sounded about Tarvic’s own age.
“But our troops need the food right away,” the tall one reminded his companions. “We’ve been reduced to mostly living off whatever venison we can hunt down, and that isn’t much anymore.”
“And didn’t you say you have young children with you?” asked the man with the beard. “What would you do, just leave them out here to fend for themselves?”
“They know the way to Keston. They could deliver the food and then take the horses and cart home again without me.” A voice in the back of his mind reminded Tarvic that might not be a good idea, but he didn’t want to listen. The army needs me. We’re at war. I have to help my people.
The bearded man chuckled. “Let me put it this way. If I found out that someone entrusted with my children’s safety had abandoned them in the wilderness at night, I would cut his throat myself. The Malornians do patrol this area, you know. We’re expecting we’ll encounter some. You’d be unwise to leave these children unprotected.”
“And I suggest you go put out your fire or make it smaller,” said another soldier. “Best if it isn’t visible from the road.”
They turned away to finish watering their horses, dismissing him just like that. Tarvic waited a moment, trying to think of some detail that would make them change their minds, but nothing came to him. Smarting from the feeling of being dishonorably discharged, he stalked back to camp. Who are they to say what I can or can’t do? I’m a soldier just like them.
But the sight of the three girls curled up in their blankets in the firelight, innocent and defenseless, reminded him that he did have another responsibility. He would never forgive himself if harm came to them in his absence. But why do I have to be stuck babysitting when there’s a war going on? Someone else who can’t fight should protect them so I can go where I can really make a difference.
He crouched down and eased a few logs out of the fire, rubbing their burning ends in the dirt to put them out and poking the remaining wood closer together. 
A puff of breeze wafted acrid smoke into his face, and he coughed. At the sound, Crielle rolled over and opened her eyes. “What are you doing?” she whispered.
“Nothing. Sorry to wake you.”
“Is everything all right?”
“Yes. I’m just adjusting the fire. Go back to sleep.”
She watched him for a moment, and then her eyelids drooped shut. Tarvic re-banked the now smaller fire and dusted the ash and dirt off his hands as he stood up again. He sighed. If he couldn’t fight the Malornians, he could at least make sure his charges were safely out of sight from anyone else who might pass by.
Picking up the bow again, he trudged back toward the bridge to check whether the fire was still visible. Sure enough, its light didn’t show from there anymore.
The soldiers were gone, too, off to serve their kingdom and make heroes of themselves on whatever their midnight mission was. Now that he actually thought about it, Tarvic realized that they couldn’t just invite a stranger, military or no, to join them on their assignment. He would have had to find their commanding officer — or his own, of course — and volunteer back at their camp. Not that he could.
Crossing the bridge, he walked along the road to the edge of the trees, peering past them out into the open. In the moonlight, he could just see the forms of the five riders making their way down the road toward Mosra.
And then, from behind him, Tarvic heard the clatter of hooves on wooden planks.
He spun around. Who’s coming?
Could it be more Alasian soldiers? Not likely. Not this soon after the first group.
They would see him in a moment. Tarvic jumped for a branch and pulled himself into the nearest tree. As quickly as he could, he scrambled high enough that no one from the ground would be likely to glimpse him unless they knew exactly where to look.
Ten horsemen appeared below, their red-and-black uniforms easy to make out as they stepped into the moonlight. Tarvic froze, clutching the rough branch he straddled, holding his breath.
They stopped almost directly beneath him. He could have jumped and landed behind any of them on their horses.
“Look!” One Malornian pointed into the distance. “There they are. We’ll have them in a minute!”
“And it won’t be long before those vermin will finally tell us where the rest of their troops have been hiding,” said another.
They’re tracking the Alasians. Tarvic’s heart seemed to stop as the Malornians spurred their horses toward his unsuspecting countrymen. They outnumbered the Alasians two to one. They would probably kill most of them right away, keeping one or two alive to torture for information. By this time tomorrow, the whole Malornian army might know the location of the Alasian survivors.
I have to stop them.
There was only one thing to do.


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN



Before he could even consciously make a plan, Tarvic was fitting an arrow to the bowstring. The moonlight was bright. He could do this.
Twang! The arrow flew from his tree like a living creature pursuing an enemy. The Malornian at the back of the group gave a cry and toppled from his saddle. He hadn’t even hit the ground before Tarvic’s second arrow left the string. Twang! The next man fell.
The soldiers wheeled their horses, shouting. Tarvic didn’t let himself pause. Twang! But this one missed. He had to slow down and aim more carefully. But if they make it back here, I’m dead. Now that the remaining eight were coming for him, it was harder to aim carefully.
He forced himself to pause a moment, sighting down the next arrow, refusing to release it too soon. Twang! The man now at the front lurched and then slumped in his saddle.
And then Tarvic realized that the Alasians in the distance had heard the cries and turned their horses too. They were galloping toward the Malornians, shouting a challenge, distracting the foes who would reach him in a few more seconds.
He pulled out another arrow as his enemies spun to face the new threat. They were all ducking low in their saddles now, trying to present as small a target as possible. But he aimed carefully at the closest one. Twang! The man cried out and clutched at his shoulder but didn’t fall.
Tarvic was running out of arrows. He pulled out his last one and nocked it, releasing it just an instant before the two groups of riders met. In the chaos and dim light, he couldn’t tell if anyone had been hit, but he couldn’t have continued shooting even if he’d had more arrows. Not with his own people now crossing blades with the enemy.
They’re still outnumbered. Tarvic didn’t stop to think. The distant clash of steel ringing in his ears, he dropped the bow, leaped from his perch, and sprinted down the road.
The motionless form of a red-clad soldier lay just ahead, an arrow protruding from his back. Tarvic had never killed anyone before, at least not that he knew of — the battle in the hills had been too confusing to be sure of anything — but this was not the time to stop and think about what he had done. He seized the sword that the man had dropped and approached the riderless horse that stood a few yards away. “Come here, boy. Don’t be afraid.”
The horse pranced nervously aside, tossing its mane. Sticking the sword into his belt, Tarvic forced himself to slow his steps and speak soothingly. “I won’t hurt you. Don’t worry. Come here. Come here. You were on the wrong side, but now you’ll get to help the right side. Come here, boy.”
The horse finally allowed him to stroke its neck and then gather up the dangling reins. Tarvic mounted and kicked his new steed in the sides. He drew the sword once more as he galloped toward the fray. At last I get to fight for Alasia!
The battle was shorter and much less chaotic and terrifying than his last one. This time Tarvic was ready, could think about what he was doing and plan his moves, instead of just reacting to one near-death encounter after another.
He dropped a soldier from behind before the man realized Tarvic was upon him, and then struck out in time to prevent one of the Alasians from being decapitated by another enemy. Then Tarvic fell into a rhythm, striking and parrying, spurring the horse forward when he saw an opening, twisting and dodging when a blade came at him. Though he knew death threatened from every sword, he kept control, not panicking, every movement instinctive but deliberate. And he fought alongside his comrades as though they had trained together all their lives.
And then it was over. Ten Malornians lay motionless on the road. Six Alasians, including Tarvic, still sat on their horses, panting and blood-splattered but victorious. We did it! We beat them! They outnumbered us, but we won!
And then Tarvic realized that the youngest soldier had dropped his sword and was clutching his arm, gasping in pain. Beside him, the bearded man groaned through clenched teeth, trying desperately to stanch the flow of blood from a leg that dangled at the wrong angle, breeches in shreds.
“There’ll be a doctor in Mosra. We’ll get the two of you to some help,” said the tall fellow, perhaps an officer. He barked out orders, assigning one of his men to tend to his friends’ injuries and then help them get to the city as quickly as possible. The last soldier he assigned to gather up their enemies’ horses and swords to take back to the Alasian troops. “And you,” he said to Tarvic, “help me drag the bodies out of sight in case more of them come by.”
While the injured men and one of their companions set off for Mosra and medical help, Tarvic and the tall soldier hid the bodies in a clump of trees well away from the road. They covered them with rocks and brush as best they could, though without a shovel there was no way to dig a grave. Tarvic knew someone would find the corpses eventually. But no one lived around here, and travelers were unlikely to leave the road without reason, so the evidence of their battle would probably not be discovered for a few days at least. By that time, these soldiers would be long gone, and so would Tarvic and the girls.
The girls. Had they heard the fighting? Or was the camp far enough away that Crielle and her sisters had slept through it?
The officer clapped Tarvic on the shoulder as they met back on the road. “Thank you, friend. If you hadn’t shot down so many and then helped even out our numbers, it would likely be us piled in the dirt over there. You’ve done your part for Alasia tonight, that’s for certain.” He glanced at his one remaining companion, who stood holding a bundle of blades and the reins of a small herd of horses. “We’ll have to postpone the rest of our mission for now. We need to take the extra animals and weapons back to camp before anyone sees us with them, and then fetch a couple more men to join us. At least we’ve survived to fight another day.”
I could join you. But Tarvic knew better than to say it. He shook hands with both of them and watched in a mixture of pride and disappointment while they trotted off toward the Southern Woods with their loot.


CHAPTER NINETEEN



Tarvic gathered up the arrows and stuck them back into his quiver, wondering if any other travelers would notice the stains he could still see on the road. It only took a couple of minutes to trudge back to the bridge, but his limbs started to tremble as the adrenaline wore off. Soon his knees were knocking together so hard he could barely walk.
I killed people. I killed at least four people tonight. Tarvic knew he had done the right thing, but death was so … permanent. He couldn’t help wondering if any of those men had families back in Malorn who would mourn for them. They’re enemies, he reminded himself. They would have killed me without hesitation. Chances are, they’ve killed other Alasians already. Perhaps they were even among those who had murdered the royal family.
But when he bent to pick up the dropped bow and saw blood on his hands, he started to shake even harder. Memories burst into his mind from that night in the hills. Torchlight flickering on blades as sword after sword reached for him. The screams. The blood. The pain. His comrades, dead. The devastation, the terrible aloneness, when he woke to find himself the sole survivor.
What’s wrong with me? I’m a soldier. I helped protect my kingdom tonight. This is what I signed up for.
Staggering into the trees, he dropped to his knees at the creek’s edge, plunging his hands into the icy water. He scraped handfuls of sand and pebbles across his skin, trying to scrub off the bloodstains. Battle still raged in his mind, and while he knew it lay in the past, part of him was trapped there, reliving the horror.
The bone-aching cold working its way up his arms finally dragged him back to the present. But he could still see the bodies and trampled tents and all those ravens. Tarvic struggled to his feet, ordering himself not to lose hold of his sanity the way he had at first. He still had a task to accomplish, charges to protect.
Bow tucked into one armpit because his hands were too numb to hold it, he staggered back toward the camp. Ed’s horses still dozed by the cart. The fire still flickered, small and innocuous, Sennie and Rania still asleep beside it. But Crielle stood brandishing a burning branch, her face pale and scared but determined. When she recognized Tarvic, she slumped in relief and dropped the branch back into the flames.
“Oh, I’m so glad you’re back! I dreamed there was a battle, and then I woke up and heard people fighting in the distance. The horses heard it too, so I know it was real. And you were gone, and I didn’t know what was happening or if you were all right. I thought I might never see you again.”
He stumbled up to the fire and collapsed beside her, ashamed that he was still shaking. She gasped as she caught a closer look at his face. “You’re not all right, are you? What happened?”
“Th-there was a b-battle,” he whispered. “We w-w-won, b-but ….” He pulled in a deep breath, trying desperately to regain control.
She took his hand and then gasped again at how cold it was. “You feel like an icicle! Here, come closer to the fire. Where are your mittens?”
“I d-d-don’t know.”
“Then wrap my scarf around your hands.” She picked up one of his blankets and draped that around him as well. “You’ll warm up in a moment.” Her voice was as calm and soothing as though she were comforting Sennie. “You’ll be all right. Do you want to talk about it?”
Tarvic’s first instinct was to shake his head, but the words came tumbling out anyway. He told her about the Alasian soldiers, and the Malornian ones, and the battle. And then he told her about that first battle, his voice breaking as he described the horrors he had not put into words before. And Crielle wrapped an arm around his shoulders and just listened, saying nothing, wiping away her own tears now and then, while her two younger sisters slumbered on.
At first Tarvic’s teeth chattered so hard he could barely get the words out, but he warmed up as he spoke until eventually he stopped shivering. And the knot of pain that had lodged inside him for the last three weeks finally loosened and flowed out with his words. Not that the pain was gone, but it no longer froze him inside, no longer stuck like a fist in his belly.
And Crielle held him as his wounded heart bled into the night, until the raw emotions were all exposed and laid bare before her, until there were no more words. And she didn’t judge him, didn’t call him a coward, didn’t ask why he hadn’t fought more valiantly, didn’t demand to know why he dared to live when so many better men had died. She just listened, accepted the words he spilled and held them gently, let him pour his heart into her hands there beside the fire’s reassuring warmth.
And when he had nothing left to pour out, she just sat there, one arm still around him, fingers stroking his shoulder, trying to sooth his pain with her presence, accepting him in spite of it all.
Tarvic had never felt so mentally drained, or so relieved. At some point her other hand had ended up in both of his, wrapped together in the scarf, and he cradled it like a lifeline now. She doesn’t hate me. She doesn’t scorn me. She isn’t judging me.
He turned from the fire to face her, wishing he had some way to make her see how grateful he was, how much her support meant to him. But he was out of words. She looked up at him, the firelight flickering in her hazel eyes, and her lips curved in a little smile.
At that moment, she was the most beautiful thing Tarvic had ever seen. And he realized how close she was, sitting there beside him, meeting his gaze so steadily, her face just inches from his. How close, and how beautiful.
He couldn’t move away. He couldn’t even look away. He felt himself leaning closer, that smile pulling him in like a magnet. He could never deserve someone like her — and yet, she accepted him anyway.
Besides, I helped defeat ten Malornians today. He didn’t have to be ashamed anymore.
His heart thudded and the air seemed to tingle with anticipation as the space between them dwindled. He could feel her breath now, warm and light against his lips.
And then she pulled away. “No. Not until you tell me your name.”
The moment shattered. Tarvic was aware once again of the crackle of the fire, the breeze stirring his hair, the gurgle of the stream behind them.
But I can tell her now. There was no more need to keep his name hidden. Even Tarvic the Great might find reason to be proud of him tonight.
Scrambling to gather up the pieces of the shattered moment that almost was and could still be, he met her gaze again and drew breath to speak. But from across the fire, a sleepy voice complained, “Why did you have to stop him just when it was getting good?”
Tarvic and Crielle both jumped. Rania was watching them with a mischievous grin.
“How dare you spy on us?” Crielle’s face had turned bright red.
“I wasn’t spying.” Rania adjusted her blankets, still grinning. “I just happened to wake up in time to watch the show, except you stopped it right before the best part. I suggest you start over and skip the introduction.” She glanced at Tarvic. “Or that you give that introduction now, and then the two of you can pick up where you left off.”
Tarvic felt himself turning red as well. Crielle glared at her sister. “Mind your own business and go back to sleep.”
“I will. Soon.” Rania waited expectantly.
“Well, I’m going back to sleep now.” Crielle seized her blankets, wrapped them around herself with a jerk, and lay down with her back to them both.
“Sorry,” Rania whispered to Tarvic. “You’ll have to try again later.” She winked.
Tarvic picked up his own blankets and rolled up in them without replying. Did I miss my chance?
They awoke just before dawn to the feathery touch of snowflakes on their faces. The fire had burned down to embers, and the predawn air had a sharp bite to it.
“I’m cold.” Sennie poked her head out of her blankets like a turtle emerging from its shell, her hair sticking out in every direction. “And the ground is hard and I’m still sleepy and I don’t want bread and butter again for breakfast. I hate camping.”
At least the snow will hide the evidence of last night’s battle. Tarvic built up the fire again, his hands stiff and clumsy. The four of them shivered through a quick, plain breakfast, Sennie complaining all the while. Then they reloaded the cart, and Crielle harnessed the horses while Tarvic put out the fire. Finally they set off wrapped in coats and blankets.
The rest of their journey was uneventful. A few hours of travel brought them to a faded wooden sign that said KESTON, where they found the inn amidst a cluster of low buildings. They handed the sacks of food to the innkeeper, who assured them it would be welcomed eagerly by its intended recipients. Then they turned around and headed back. By evening, they arrived at home.
Exhausted and hungry, they stabled Ed’s horses, ate a supper of cold ham and cabbage, and crawled into their respective beds. Tarvic settled into his nest of hay up in the barn, mixed feelings swirling through him. He longed to be back with the army now that he knew some of it still existed, but once again, he knew he had done the right thing. I made a difference. I saved their lives. I struck a blow against the enemy. And I’m fulfilling my duty again in protecting the girls. He was satisfied with that for now.
Besides, he and Crielle had a conversation to finish. Among other things.


CHAPTER TWENTY



Sennie peered through the window between her sisters. “Sad Crazy Lonely Man, where are all those soldiers going?”
“Don’t call him that,” said Crielle automatically. But she didn’t look at Tarvic. He still had not told any of them his name. He was willing to now, sort of, but he had kept silent about it for so long that it didn’t seem like a topic to just bring up casually over supper. And in the week since they had been back from their mission, he hadn’t found a chance yet to do it the way he really wanted, which was to talk to Crielle alone … and everything that implied.
“I don’t know where those soldiers are going, exactly.” But Tarvic, standing behind the girls, had an uneasy feeling about the hundreds of red-and-black-clad soldiers riding past on the other side of the pasture fence. He should have been happy to see so many of the enemy leaving Almar. This must be nearly the whole Malornian army. But although he knew they would eventually get to the Malornian border if they took this road far enough, these soldiers couldn’t be returning home. They didn’t have any luggage with them.
“They’re riding to battle,” Crielle said quietly. She turned to look up at Tarvic. “Aren’t they?”
“Yes.” There was no point in trying to shield the girls from that fact. This road would also take the soldiers to the Southern Woods, and that must be their destination. How did they find out where our troops were hiding? Had someone betrayed Alasia again? Had the Malornians captured someone who knew and forced them to talk?
But the details didn’t matter now. All that mattered was whether the Alasians could defeat their enemies in what would probably be the final showdown of this war. And as Tarvic watched the steady stream of red and black flow past beyond the fence, his stomach clenched in fear for the ragged, hungry remnants of Alasia’s army.
Even after the last of the enemy troops finally disappeared around the bend in the road, the house was filled with the quiet worry left in their wake. Tarvic and the girls resumed their regular tasks, cooking and cleaning and chopping wood, feeding and milking the cows they had reclaimed from the neighbors. But Tarvic couldn’t stop wondering what was happening to his surviving comrades. Were they fighting right now? Were the men he had fought with on the road battling for their lives today?
But the day passed and night fell without any answers. Tarvic lay awake for hours in the hayloft, waiting for something more to happen, but it never did.
The next morning, he was fetching water from the well so the girls could mop the floor when he heard a rider canter past. Peering around the corner of the house, he was just in time to see a single Malornian speeding down the road in the direction of the capital. A messenger, returning with word of the battle? Tarvic’s heart raced. Dropping the bucket, he dashed down to the fence and looked both ways, but the soldier had already vanished around the bend.
Tarvic waited, but no one else appeared. If only I could ride to Almar to hear the news. Whatever had happened, people in the city would probably know first, and he longed to be among them. But with everything so uncertain, he didn’t dare leave the girls alone.
For a moment he thought of suggesting they all take another trip to the capital. But if and when the enemy returned, they would either be ecstatic over a victory or furious over a defeat, and either way, things could get dangerous for civilians in a hurry.
A few hours later, Malornians began to trickle past, most on horseback, some in carts or carriages or even on foot. Tarvic and the girls watched through the windows, looking up from the lunch dishes and the churn as soldiers walked or trotted past in the direction of the Southern Woods … or perhaps Malorn.
“I thought there wasn’t any more soldiers left in Almar,” said Sennie. “Didn’t they all go fight?”
“Apparently some didn’t. Maybe there’s about to be another battle, though, and now the rest of them are going to join in,” Rania suggested.
They all turned to Tarvic to see what he thought. But this time Tarvic wasn’t sure. Most of the horses wore saddlebags. Most of the men wore packs. Some weren’t even in uniform. Could it be …?
But he didn’t dare put his thoughts into words. No, they had probably just been reassigned to some other city. Anything else was too much to hope for.
Crielle bit her lip. “I wonder what happened in the battle yesterday. If there was a battle, that is. If we knew that, we’d probably know where these people are going now.”
“Father and his friends fighted the enemies yesterday and won them,” Sennie suggested. “Now most of the Malnornians are dead, and the rest of them got scared, so they’re going away. And then Father will come home again forever, and he’ll teach us all how to make cheese. I like cheese.”
Nobody answered, but Tarvic knew they were all hoping hard that she was right. It’s possible, he told himself. Never mind that the Alasians would have been badly outnumbered by better fed, better equipped enemies.
Anything is possible.
The next morning, Tarvic finished mucking out the barn and wheeled the barrow full of filth out to the garbage pile at the far corner of the pasture. Halfway there, he noticed the sound of trotting hooves in the distance. Instinctively, he glanced over his shoulder to make sure the girls and cows weren’t in sight. But the girls were working in the house, and the cows were safely hidden on the other side of the barn where he had tied them.
This didn’t sound like a few thieving Malornians, though. Even before they rounded the bend, Tarvic could tell that hundreds of horses were approaching once more. And when the first of them came in sight, his eyes widened in amazed delight.
Their uniforms were green.
It’s our army! They’re coming home! The weary satisfaction on the men’s faces, even from a distance, left little doubt of the circumstances. They won! The Malornians we saw really were on their way back to Malorn. Alasia beat them!
Tarvic pressed himself to the fence, the wheelbarrow forgotten, staring out at the road as the men approached. He recognized General Dirken at the head of the procession, and his heart leaped with joy to know that their leader had survived.
But who was that with him? A young boy in a royal blue cloak rode beside the general, his eyes alight with anticipation. The boy caught sight of Tarvic staring there by the fence and smiled as they passed.
Tarvic’s jaw fell open. That’s Prince Jaymin! He was sure of it. The boy had his father’s eyes, his father’s smile. Tarvic had seen him up close not so long ago, when the royal family attended the ceremony in which new soldiers swore allegiance to the crown. Tarvic would never forget standing at attention before the platform on which the three of them sat, or how proud he had felt to be accepted into his kingdom’s service. When his platoon stepped forward and knelt to recite the vow together, he got a clear look at the royal family’s faces. This is definitely the prince.
Then who was that boy whose body he’d glimpsed on the wagon in Almar?
It didn’t matter. Prince Jaymin was here, was alive, was returning to the capital. Tarvic’s heart soared. Alasia has a future after all!
He watched as soldiers with packs and saddlebags rode past, two by two, grouped in their companies. Many were wounded; he saw slings and bandages and even the occasional missing limb. But all the men looked proud and satisfied. Some turned to glance his way as they passed, and he saw that they all wore the expressions of champions returning home after a victory.
He didn’t know most of them, but now and then he glimpsed a familiar face. And then — Yes! — there was his own company, with Captain Norrin riding at the front! Tarvic almost called out, but at the last moment he closed his mouth with a twinge of shame. I should be in uniform, riding back to the capital with them in triumph, not standing here with a wheelbarrow and shovel. He had abandoned his responsibilities. Not on purpose, of course, and he didn’t regret how he had spent the last few weeks. But as always, it was hard knowing that if he had only regained consciousness sooner, he could have spent the last month with his comrades.
Captain Norrin rode on, never noticing him there. Perhaps that was for the best. But then, from just a little way behind, a head turned. Drevel!
His friend’s eyes lit up with surprised recognition and then delight. “Tarvic!” His lips formed the name, but he had passed before anything else could be said.
After him came more friends. Not many had survived. The company was pathetically small. But each familiar face was a drop of salve to the wounds in Tarvic’s heart. They’re alive. They’re alive!
Behind him, a door slammed, followed by running footsteps. Then Crielle and her sisters clustered around him, laughing in delight and calling out to the soldiers. “Where’s my father?” Sennie demanded. “Sad Crazy Lonely Man, did you see my father?”
“I don’t know what your father looks like.” Tarvic’s joy dimmed. It didn’t seem right to be happy that some of his friends had survived if the girls would soon have to mourn their father’s death.
Silent now, the four of them watched the rest of the soldiers ride past. Tarvic waited for cries of excitement, but they didn’t come. Glancing over at Crielle, he saw the desperate hope in her eyes turn to anxiety.
Soon there were no more soldiers, just covered supply wagons with extra horses tied behind them, probably ones whose riders had not survived. And then the army had passed, and the last of the wagons creaked its way down the road. A moment later, the rumble of wheels and the clip-clop of hooves finally faded into the distance.
The girls were still silent, craning their necks to peer after the troops, clinging to the fence beside him as though to their last scraps of hope.
“If he was injured, he could have been riding in one of those wagons, and we wouldn’t have seen him,” Rania pointed out. “Or he could have passed before we came out here. He wouldn’t be allowed to stop just because he lives here. He would have to go back to the city with all of them before he comes home.”
“Yes. Yes, of course.” Crielle smiled brightly in that way that Tarvic knew meant she was hiding pain. “And in that case, Father will probably be back in the next couple of days, or as soon as they let him have a weekend off. So come on, everyone. The floor needs to be swept, and we haven’t washed the windows in weeks. We’d better churn some butter from this morning’s milk so we’ll have plenty ready for bread, and we should air his sheets so his bed will be nice and fresh. Let’s get everything perfect for if — for when Father returns.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE



Tarvic hefted the axe again and brought it down on the massive branch he had dragged from the forest. Crack. The dead wood split cleanly. He stepped to one side and swung the axe again. Crack. He would make sure they had no shortage of firewood to last through the rest of the winter. That was one thing he could do.
He couldn’t undo the damage the Malornians had caused. Crack.
He couldn’t bring back anyone’s missing livestock or food. Crack.
He couldn’t bring the girls’ father home safely. Crack.
He couldn’t make their irresponsible uncle show up. Crack.
If the uncle eventually showed up on his own, there was no guarantee Tarvic could convince him to stay. Crack.
And he couldn’t leave the girls here alone while he walked to Almar and rejoined what was left of the army.
Crack. Crack. Crack. Crack. Crack.
Tarvic glared down at his chunks of wood. It wasn’t that he disliked this rural life. He enjoyed the quiet pace of it, the simple chores and the home-cooked meals and the company. Especially the company. He would miss the younger girls if he left. And he would definitely miss Crielle.
He looked up at the cottage, empty at the moment, since the sisters were doing laundry out on the other side. With the Malornians gone, they no longer had to worry about being seen from the road.
But I’m a soldier. Tarvic pulled off his damp tunic, wiped sweat from his forehead with it, and tossed it over the porch railing where he’d tossed Drevel’s coat earlier. The sky was almost completely blue for the first time in over a week, and an hour of furious exertion made the winter day feel like spring.
He hefted the axe again. A soldier who was the lone survivor from his army with no possible way to strike against the enemy had an excuse to leave his name behind and move onto a dairy farm. Crack.
But a soldier who knew that some of his companions had survived, who knew his way to the Almar barracks, who knew how badly the decimated army needed every single man it still had, who understood that he had a responsibility to report to his commanding officer — Crack. Crack. Crack.
He couldn’t just go off and leave Crielle and Rania and Sennie. Even without the danger of marauding enemy soldiers, it wasn’t safe for three defenseless young girls to live alone so far from the city or any means of protection. Crack.
There was no way out for him. Crack.
What was he supposed to do? Crack.
Chop wood, that’s what.
Crack. Crack. Crack.
Lost in his thoughts and breathing heavily from the exertion, Tarvic scarcely heard the sound of hooves until they were practically upon him. Then an angry yell and the swift sliding of a sword from its sheath exploded into his awareness just as he started to turn to see who was there. A hand wrenched the axe from his grasp and threw him against the railing. He had time only to gasp as steel flashed and a blade pressed against his throat. Then a bearded face glared into his.
“What — who —” Pinned in place, he could barely move.
“I’ll ask the questions,” growled the stranger. “Who are you, and what are you doing here?”
Tarvic had no idea how to answer that, especially with a sword at this throat. “I — I’m chopping wood,” he managed. Behind his attacker, a horse whinnied as though in amusement, one stirrup still swinging from its rider’s sudden dismount.
Tarvic licked his lips and tried to sound assertive. “Who are you?”
“Sergeant Tenedron, First Almar Battalion, Company B. Also, the owner of this house. I demand to know why a half-clad stranger is standing in front of my porch, swinging my axe, and wearing my clothes. And what have you done with my daughters?”
“Oh!” Everything was coming into focus now. “I just — that is, I only — I mean, I haven’t —”
Little footsteps pattered around the corner of the house and stopped. “Father!” screamed Sennie. She dashed toward him, face alight and arms outstretched.
Sergeant Tenedron spun around and sheathed his sword just in time for her to leap into his arms. Tarvic, finally free, backed away out of reach.
And then stared. The man stood balanced on one leg. Just below the sergeant’s left knee, his breeches hung empty, the fabric tied up in a knot to keep it from dangling.
He lost a leg. The bump on Tarvic’s head, once so painful and debilitating, now seemed like a pathetic excuse for an injury.
The man reached for the balcony railing with one hand to keep his footing as his youngest daughter clutched him around the neck, still squealing. “Do you know who this stranger is?” he asked, half-turning to keep an eye on Tarvic.
She quieted down just enough to see what he was talking about. “That’s not a stranger! He’s the Sad Crazy Lonely Man!”
But her words were drowned out by her older sisters’ cries as they tore around the corner too. “Father! Father!” Tarvic backed away a little more as Sergeant Tenedron bent to set Sennie down and Rania and Crielle rushed into his arms. They hadn’t even noticed his missing leg.
So he survived after all. The man wasn’t exactly intact, but he was alive.
And I can return to the army now. Everything Tarvic had wished for had come true all in a moment. But the joy and relief that poured into him at the thought was bittersweet. The girls didn’t need him anymore. That was good, of course. Their family was reunited. But he didn’t relish the thought of saying goodbye.
Maybe I don’t have to. Tarvic stepped just close enough to seize Drevel’s coat from the railing. Then he took a step back, and another. He had nothing to pack, so what reason was there to linger? A quick, clean departure would be easier on everybody.
He nearly bumped into the horse, but he gave its neck a pat and edged around it, noticing the crutches that stuck out from under one of the saddlebags. The family was so wrapped up in each other’s love and happiness that none of them noticed as he finally turned and strode to the grassy lane behind the house.
He half-hoped that somebody would call after him, but no one did. So Tarvic walked down the lane, choosing not to look back. He had found purpose in this place in the last six weeks, and he knew that had helped him survive as much as he had helped the girls survive. But he had new purpose now. His company was waiting for him. He was needed in Almar. Drevel and the others who had glimpsed him from the road must be wondering why he hadn’t shown up yet. Word must be spreading that he had survived. And with so many holes in the ranks, he knew there would be opportunities for rapid advancement.
A breeze stirred, cooling his sweaty skin, and he realized he had left without a tunic. Well, he could get an extra uniform tunic at the barracks. In the meantime, he put on the coat he was carrying. Drevel’s coat. I can give it back tonight. He could hardly wait to swap stories with Drevel and find out what his friend had been up to and what that final battle had been like.
And yet … Tarvic’s mind kept straying back to the cottage he was walking away from and the friends he was leaving behind. One of whom, under other circumstances, he might almost have dared to hope would someday become more than just a friend. He would never forget that moment by the fire, the closeness snatched away just an instant too soon for the experience to be perfect. And now it would never be complete.
Sticking his hands into his pockets, Tarvic found the mittens Crielle had made him. Thinking of her soft smile and the unexpected strength in her gentleness, he sighed. And he thought of Sennie’s enthusiasm and the way she had dragged him home in the first place, and Rania’s stubborn determination and sly sense of humor.
I’m really going to miss them all. He knew he would probably cross their minds now and then, but with their father home permanently now, they wouldn’t miss him or need him.
“Sad Crazy Lonely Man! Sad Crazy Lonely Man!”
He stopped and turned. Only the trees stood behind him, lining the road like honor guards on duty to see him off. But from back around a bend, he heard the shrill little voice calling to him again, twitching a smile from his lips. “Sad Crazy Lonely Man!”
Then Sennie appeared, pelting down the road with all the speed her short legs could muster. She slowed when she saw him standing there. “Sad Crazy Lonely Man!” Panting, she drew up before him. “You snucked away! Why did you snuck away from us?” She grabbed his hand in both of hers as though to keep him from escaping.
He squatted down beside her in the road. “You don’t need me anymore, that’s all. Your father’s here to take care of you and your sisters now. I’m going back to the army.”
“No!” She stamped her foot. “Don’t run away! Come home again!”
“I’m not running away. But I have a job to do.”
“Yes! You have to milk the cows and help us churn butter and learn how to make cheese. I like cheese,” she added as an afterthought.
“Your father will do those things now.”
She smiled in spite of herself at the mention of her father, and then frowned again. “My father’s leg is gone, and now you’re going to be gone, too. It’s not fair.”
Tarvic looked up as Crielle appeared at the bend in the road. He stood, sighing inwardly. So much for his plan to slip away without any uncomfortable farewells. And yet, he was glad to see her one more time. Even gladder than he had expected.
Joy shone in her eyes, but she looked hurt as well. “You decided to just walk away without even saying anything? After all we’ve gone through together?”
“I thought it would be easier —”
“Easier? Easier for us to not even have the chance to say goodbye to you?”
Were those tears in her eyes? The pain in her expression hurt him. “I’m sorry.” It was all he could think of to say.
“I’m glad to hear it.” She blinked hard, eyeing him reproachfully. “Now prove it by coming back.”
“The army —”
“The army can wait a few more hours. Don’t you think my father deserves a chance to meet the person who kept his daughters safe and prevented the enemy from stealing everything he invested in, not to mention who brought the food to him and the other soldiers? At least come back and stay through lunch time so we can tell him about everything. If you won’t do it for our sakes, do it for his. As a fellow soldier.”
Tarvic hung his head. He hadn’t realized she would be this upset. “You don’t need to ask like that, Crielle. I’ll do it for your sake.” He reached out and took her hand, his imminent departure making him bolder. “I just thought —”
“No, I don’t think you did. I don’t think you thought at all.” She sniffed fiercely and turned her back on him, but she didn’t pull her hand away. “Now come on.”
They walked back toward the cottage together in silence, Tarvic smarting at his own insensitivity but enjoying the unfamiliar feeling of strolling hand in hand with a girl. Well, two girls, technically. Sennie still clutched his other hand as tightly as though she thought he might try to “snuck away” again if she let go.
Just before they came in sight of the house, Crielle leaned across him to address her little sister. “Sennie, run ahead and tell Father and Rania that we’re bringing him back, all right? So they won’t worry.”
“All right.” Sennie scampered away.
Crielle pulled Tarvic to a stop and turned to face him. “You know my father is going to ask your name.”
Her hazel eyes were still reproachful, still hurt, but hopeful.
And beautiful.
And Tarvic couldn’t believe he had almost left without ever telling her who he really was. Do I want her to remember me merely as the Sad Crazy Lonely Man? She deserved to know his identity.
“My name is … Tarvic.” The name he had kept hidden for so long sounded limp and pathetic as he forced it into the open. After all those weeks of keeping it locked away, he wished it had a grander ring to it now that he was finally airing it out.
But Crielle smiled. “Tarvic.” In her voice, it turned stately, noble, almost regal. “Tarvic. Like the ancient warrior. That’s a wonderful name. So fitting.”
Fitting? She thinks my name is fitting? Suddenly Tarvic himself felt stately and noble and regal. He had given Crielle his name, and she had accepted it like a treasure. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you earlier. I just — I wasn’t ready. I wanted to live up to my name first.”
“I think you have.” The words made his heart soar again as she stepped closer. Almost before he realized just how close they were, she wrapped her arms around him, and then his senses exploded with the soft warmth of her lips pressed against his.
He stood reeling, his heart pounding, as she pulled away far too soon. “Well, come on,” she called over her shoulder, hurrying toward the house. “Don’t keep my father waiting any longer.”
Tarvic had to catch his breath before he followed.
Rania and Sennie were sitting on either side of their father. “We didn’t actually have to defeat the whole Malornian army,” the sergeant was explaining to them. “It turns out their regent had tried to usurp the throne, and when Prince Korram told his troops what was happening, a good number of them joined him — and us Alasians — in fighting against the regent’s men.”
They all looked up as Tarvic trailed into the room after Crielle. Rania jumped up from the sofa, glaring at him. “I can’t believe you would do that!” Her back to her father, she mouthed the words, If my father wasn’t watching, I would slap you!
Tarvic sighed again. “I’m sorry,” he repeated. “I was just trying to save us all the awkward goodbyes.”
“You ought to have knowed we would want to say goodbye to you,” Sennie told him, as though it should have been obvious. Perhaps it should. She stuck her tongue out at him and climbed into her father’s lap.
The sergeant winced and resettled her on one side to take her weight off his injured leg. “Rania tells me you’ve been living here since the Invasion.”
“In the barn, sir.” Tarvic felt his face turning red. “Nothing … improper.”
“But he ate all the meals in here with us and we all played cards after supper almost every day, and Purry likes him too,” Sennie put in.
“Well, put my tunic back on, if you haven’t got one of your own.” The sergeant gestured to where the garment now lay draped over the arm of a chair. “I’d prefer you not stand around in my house without one.”
The girls giggled as Tarvic unbuttoned Drevel’s coat and hastened to obey. “Sorry, sir. I’ve got my own clothes back down in the barracks. I’ll wash yours and — and find a way to get them back to you.”
“Good. Now sit down. I want to hear who you are and what’s happened here since I’ve been gone.”
Tarvic stepped forward to claim the empty chair by the fire. But as he drew closer, Sergeant Tenedron stared into his face, frowning as though trying to think of something.
And Tarvic stared back, realizing the man looked familiar. The beard. The voice. The leg. Wait a moment. “That was you!” they exclaimed at the same moment.
The girls looked from one to the other of them. “Who?” demanded Rania. “How do you know each other?”
The sergeant’s face filled with pleased surprise. “Private Tarvic and I fought together a couple weeks ago,” he told them. All traces of suspicion and hints of irritation were gone from his voice. He made the name sound bold and capable. “This young man saved me and four other Alasians from being killed by ten Malornian soldiers. I would have lost a lot more than a leg if not for him. He dispatched half of them singlehandedly.”
The girls gaped at Tarvic, and he felt his face turn warm again as their father gave them a brief, mostly bloodless account of the skirmish. As he spoke, Tarvic realized that with such a recent injury, this soldier was probably in a great deal more pain than he was letting his daughters see, and he was glad he had chopped so much wood for the family. Sergeant Tenedron probably couldn’t do many chores any time soon. Even riding up here through the hills must have been difficult, but the man was obviously determined to return to his family the moment he could.
“I would have worried a lot less about my daughters if I’d known you were protecting them all along,” the man finished.
“Tarvic,” said Rania, as though trying the name on for size. “You saved our father, and we didn’t even know.” There was new respect in her voice.
Sennie beamed. “But we did know he’s brave and nice and takes care of people.” She twisted her neck to peer up at her father from his lap. “He taked care of us this whole time.”
“Tell me.”
So they did. Tarvic sat there twisting his fingers in pleased embarrassment as the girls took turns telling their father about everything that had happened since Sennie dragged him home.
“And I can’t believe he was going to just slip away without saying goodbye after all that,” Rania finished. But her expression was much less angry than before.
“So you’ll be returning to the army?” Sergeant Tenedron asked when the tale was over.
“Yes, sir. I know they need all the men they can get, especially now, and I did sign a two-year contract.”
“I wish you could stay,” said Rania. “We’re used to having you around now.” She turned to her father. “I don’t know how we would have managed without him.”
“He did more chores than the three of us put together, not to mention keeping us safe from Malornians,” Crielle added. “And he gave the barn a really clever new look to make sure no one would steal our cows. But that’s not why we’re all going to miss him so much.”
Tarvic heard the wistfulness in her voice. He wanted to take her in his arms, to gaze into those hazel eyes, to tell her how much he would miss her too, to feel her lips against his again. But with her father sitting right there, he didn’t dare so much as meet her gaze. He fastened his eyes on his lap.
“I don’t want him to go away,” Sennie announced. “He’s part of our family now.” She glared across the room at Tarvic. “You can’t leave us.”
“The army needs him,” her father told her gently. “It wouldn’t be responsible of a soldier to stay away.” He looked down at his missing lower leg. “I’d been planning to retire anyway, and even if I wanted to change my mind, my fighting days are behind me now. But our military needs all the strong young soldiers it can get.” He turned to Tarvic. “Does your family live in the area?”
“No, sir. They’re in Tainabi.”
“But you’re stationed in Almar?”
“Yes, sir.”
“I suggest you go and visit your parents the next chance you get, to let them know you’re all right. But after that, suppose you come up and stay with us when you have time off?”
All three of the girls’ faces lit up. “Yes!” Sennie exclaimed. “Come and visit us every week! And you can eat our cheese, and play cards with us again, and then we won’t have to miss you.”
“I suppose I could do that.” Tarvic shot a glance at Crielle and was pleased to see how wide she was smiling.
“Do you have a horse?” asked the sergeant.
“No, sir. Not anymore.”
“Then why don’t you borrow mine for now? They have some extras down at the barracks, so I’m sure they’ll assign you one when you get there, but it’s a long way to go on foot.”
“Thank you, sir. I appreciate it.” The journey suddenly seemed less daunting. “I’ll bring her back safely on my first day off. Well, after Tainabi.”
“What about a sword and shield?” Sergeant Tenedron wanted to know.
Tarvic lowered his gaze in shame. A good soldier should always have his weapons at hand.
“Then take mine as well. You shouldn’t show up down there empty-handed, and I won’t need them here.” The sergeant gestured to where he had set them by the hearth. “That sword has been in my family for three generations, so I expect you to keep it in good condition.”
“I will, sir. Thank you, sir. It’ll be an honor to use it.” Tarvic felt humbled. No one had ever entrusted him with a family heirloom before.
“Before he goes, we should have a big feast today for lunch,” exclaimed Sennie. “We should cook cake and pudding and ham and all the yummy things, to welcome Father back and say goodbye to the Sad Crazy Lonely Man.”
“To the who?” Sergeant Tenedron stared from her to Tarvic.
Tarvic chuckled sheepishly, but before he could explain, Crielle frowned at her little sister. “You have to stop calling him that. His name is Tarvic, remember?”
Hearing his name in her voice again made Tarvic’s heart swell with gratitude and happiness. No one else had ever filled the syllables with such richness and meaning. He hoped she would say it often.
“I’m not a sad crazy lonely man anymore,” he told Sennie. “I have a name again now.” And a lifetime ahead of me in which to live up to it. For the first time since the Invasion, thinking of the future brought him anticipation and hope. Looking around at the smiling faces on every side, Tarvic felt his heart fill with the warmth of belonging. I’ll never be nameless again.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Annie Douglass Lima considers herself fortunate to have traveled in twenty different countries and lived in four of them. A fifth-grade teacher in her “other” life, she loves reading to her students and sparking their imaginations. Her books include science fiction, fantasy, YA action and adventure novels, a puppet script, anthologies of her students’ poetry, and Bible verse coloring and activity books. When she isn’t teaching or writing, Annie can often be found sipping spiced chai or pomegranate green tea in exotic locations, some of which exist in this world.
Connect with Me Online
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/AnnieDouglassLimaAuthor/
Goodreads: http://bit.ly/ADLimaOnGoodreads
Blog: http://anniedouglasslima.blogspot.com
Twitter: https://twitter.com/princeofalasia
Email: AnnieDouglassLima@gmail.com
Sign up for my mailing list so I can let you know when new books are available. When you sign up, I’ll send you a free copy of one of my fantasy books! 
http://bit.ly/LimaUpdates
