



The Legacy of Kilkenny
a novel

By Devyn Dawson


Published by Devyn Dawson

Copyright 2011 Devyn Dawson
Second edition May 2013

 License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Online pirating of e-books has become an epidemic.  By pirating books, you are stealing revenue from the author.  Please to not encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights.  Sites that are offering bootlegged copies of e-books are ILLEGAL. 
Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights.

This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.  The publisher does not have any control over and does not assume any responsibility for author or third-party websites or their content.
The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission.  The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

 
Cover design by Eden Crane Designs
Editing - Amber Woods Clark
 








For Paris & Hunter
You taught me how to love unconditionally ~ 
Forever and Always  


 

Chapter 1.  


ABEL

Rolling over in bed, I pull the pillow over my head trying unsuccessfully to muffle out the alarm.  Sailing across the room to bang my hand on my alarm clock until it is silenced, nice way to start my day.  Not any day, my first day of my junior year.  If things work out right, I’ll have enough money saved up to buy a car by the end of this semester.   Until I have a car, I have to ride with my mom.  Lame right?  It’s six in the morning, usually I’d be dragging ass since I didn’t fall asleep until four, but the first day jitters have me amped awake.  
Last night I was almost asleep, and then I heard the neighbors’ dogs barking, which kept me up. Not to mention, before that happened I saw the crazy lady across the street sneaking to water her lawn.  It has been another dry summer in Oklahoma; a water rationing ordinance is in place.  If anyone is caught watering their lawn, they are slapped with a hundred dollar fine.  It is beyond me how she isn’t caught, being she is the only one with green grass on our street.  Why risk a ticket for green grass?  I never saw what caused the dogs to bark, but I was amazed that no one bothered shushing them.  No lights.  No yelling.  Nothing.  
BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!  I love the wonderful sounds of the broom stick banging on the ceiling, which happens to be the floor to my room.  It is one of my mom’s wonderful ideas to make sure I am awake, it sounds like a sonic boom going off under the bed.  “I’m up!” I yell down to her as I bang my baseball bat on the floor.   BOOM!  “Mom, I’m up!”  Scrambling across the room to yell out from my bedroom door, I stub my big toe on my hand weight I forgot to put away. “Shit,” I grumble under my breath.  
As I do every morning, I send a text to my sister Allie, telling her to get up.  I know for a fact she sleeps with the phone by her head so she can see status updates as they come across the phone.  We’re both insomniacs, so mornings always come too soon.  I’ve been her personal alarm clock for the last year when our mom suggested I start calling her to wake her up.  So, she gets to go away and I’m still responsible to make sure she is responsible.  She starts her second year at college, and I’m stuck here to entertain the parents.
The silence after she moved out was deafening. In the beginning, I would get up and walk around my room trying to make my mind shut up and let me sleep.  I would hear the mumbling of my mom and dad talking, or whatever it is parents do behind closed doors when they think their kids are sleeping.  I miss having Allie just a wall away, now there’s no one tapping on the wall checking if I’m awake.  I don’t miss her dramatic attitude, but I do miss her driving me to school.  For someone who is 5’3” and weighs next to nothing, she has enough attitude to put Chelsea Handler to shame.
The kitchen still smells of fresh paint and sawdust from the recent renovation.  I’ve logged hours and hours of being in home improvement stores, staring at colors of paint.  Yellow apparently isn’t just yellow anymore, it is sweet buttery cream, not to be confused with buttery cream.  I think it took my mom about a month to pick a color, just the other night I heard her talking about changing it.  Argh.  My usual backpack parking place is on the counter by the barstools…. not anymore.  I might scratch the granite and I’ll be reminded how long it took her and dad to save up to have a nice kitchen.  I drop my stuff by the back door for our frantic escape to get to school on time.
At breakfast, I watch mom pour herself a cup of coffee as her big mop of black curly hair flops from side to side. Sometimes it is hard to discern between freshly fixed up hair or morning bed-head.  I know better than to ask. Mom is just mom, sort of on the weird side but strangely likeable.  She isn’t overly fond of her given name of Natalie, she prefers to go by Nat.   She is telling me something about the cost of eggs and how it only cost her five dollars to fill up her tank when she was in high school, blah blah blah.  Another morning of her non-stop chatter, a good sign she had too much caffeine.  
“Is dad working tonight?”  I ask as I reach around her to grab a Pop Tart and napkin.
“Abel, have you ever known your dad to miss a day of work?”  Mom says as she dabs at the coffee she dribbled on the table. 
“I dunno, maybe.  Hey, I’ve got a FBLA meeting after school; I’m catching a ride home with Shane so you don’t need to bother with carpool today.  Okay?”
“If it gets me out of dodging crazed high school drivers, I’m good with it, just make sure you’re home by six.”  
“We probably should go, don’t want to be late on my first day and all.” I shove another Pop Tart in my backpack as we both head to the car. 
The car pool lane is moving so slow, move already!  I can’t wait until I get a car; riding with my mom is so lame.
“Don’t forget to call me when you get home, I’ll have my cell on me.  Oh, in case I’m not home there are some enchilada’s in the freezer, just heat them up in the microwave.”  Mom reached in her purse handing me a fifty.  “That is lunch money, so be sure to give it to the cafeteria lady.”
“It’s all good.  Bye mom, I’ll see you later.”  I hurried up out of the car before she started getting emotional like every year on my first day of school.  
I look up at the picture perfect school.  The architect must have modeled it after a story book, with its pitched roof, canopy covered walkway and crimson red bricks.  Water rationing doesn’t pertain to schools, they want them to look pretty and inviting so the kids are proud of their school.  I learned all that from my mom’s unquenchable thirst of news.  The Daily Pied (pronounced pee’d) is her source of news that would never make it to the paper if it were one of the big hitters like The Oklahoman.  
Catching up to Shane we fist bumped and strolled in as if we own the place.  
“You going to the meeting after school?”  Shane asks.
“Yeah, is it still cool if I get a ride from you?”  Like he’d say no, I think to myself.
“No problem.  I gotta go, see you at lunch.”
Second hour I’m sitting in English Comp III thinking about how this room didn’t make it when they were going for kids being proud of school.  The prison cell gray cinder block walls have two windows that look out over the dumpsters.  I see the secretary sneak out and huddle behind one of the dumpsters having a smoke, totally breaking the no tolerance rule.  I turn my attention back to class when I notice everyone is whispering like a swarm of bees.  Gossip.  It is impossible not to turn my head and see what everyone is talking about.  
Julie Tidsdale, the one girl who drove most everyone crazy, is sitting directly in front of me. Julie is the queen of girls at school, and you can almost see her back arch and her fangs come out as she notices the girl who walks in.  Mrs. Horn comes over and introduces the class to Prudence Phelan.
“Please call me Pru,” she says with confidence. She pulls on the hem of her navy-blue shirt and smoothes it down.  
Her red hair and grey eyes give her an alluring look. I knew at that moment what my dad meant when he said a girl who has everything you could ever dream of was trouble… and trouble just walked into my English Comp III class.
My next class is US History, my least favorite subject.  The teacher is new to the school and looks just like Jack Black.  Actually, he looks so much like him I practically died waiting for him to talk.  Sadly, he isn’t J.B., I think to myself.   After a few minutes of him talking in his monotone voice, I start to fall asleep. 
~~~~~~
The woods were so thick, I could hear them gaining on me.  She kept telling me to go left and I’d eventually hit a clearing that leads to a hiking trail.  I was getting hot but I had to keep going.  I lost whoever was chasing me at the clearing.  I pause for a moment to listen for the leaves to crunch under the weight of their steps.  I hear a warning shot, so I hunker down to blend with the trees. I hear the brush moving behind me and my heart picks up speed.  Her voice, I hear it again (in my head), Run! There is a cave close to where you are.  She was talking but I could see the image of what she was telling me.  It sounds like Pru.  Damn! The devil’s thorn is thick and growing over the path, I feel like I’m bleeding but I can’t stop yet.  That voice again, hurry, get in the cave, they won’t see it, you’ll be safe.  I’ll be there soon.  Don’t move.   I jump over two fallen trees and climb into the cave in time to hear the hunter stop, I peered out, he doesn’t see me… but I take a mental picture so I’ll remember his face.  I lay down, the ground was cool and I was so hot.  I need water.
~~~~~
I feel someone shaking me, I jump sitting straight up.  “Whoa!  What the?”  I turn to see everyone looking at me.  I hate it when I fall asleep in class.  Thankfully I didn’t drool all over myself. 
During lunch, I see Julie trying to take pictures of her and Pru.  I notice Julie is the only one making the kissy face, Pru looks bored out of her mind, which I admire.  Every time I look in their direction, Julie has her arm stretched out as far as it will go taking self portraits.  I don’t think I’ll ever understand the point.  I mean seriously, is it really necessary to document your look, minute by minute?
 Girls in high school have their own set of rules.  One, keep track of the competition, from what she wears to who she knows.  Two, what does she drive?  Three, who has she done?  Four, who are her parents?  The list goes on and on.  Guys, well we don’t get that deep, we just want to know what’s for lunch?  I’m not what you’d call the ladies man, sad but true.  I haven’t had a steady girlfriend since eighth grade and I’m not totally sure if two weeks is considered a steady relationship.  Our school is so small that we are environmentally friendly, relationships are frequently recycled yet Julie Tidsdale isn’t worth recycling to me.  
“Hey Shane, did you see Julie trying to get the new girl to be her new bestie?”  I say as I shove a French fry in my mouth. 
“She’s just dumb, I can’t stand that girl.  I can’t believe I’m friends with someone who had their lips on that pain in the ass,” Shane says as he digs frantically through his backpack.  He pulls out permission slips for his home economics class.
“Being you’re the only guy in school who hasn’t made out with her, don’t hate.  It was eighth grade; I’ve raised my standards since then. Is that a home ec slip?”  I ask pointing at the paper in his hand.  
“Oh, don’t hate Abe, I’m sure not taking cooking classes from my mom, if you know what I mean?” Shane says as he laughs to himself. 
Even though I agree with him about his mom’s cooking, I’m not going to admit to it.  “I’ll see you at the meeting.  I’ve got to stop by my locker before math so I’ll catch you on the flip side.” 

There are only a few of us in The Future Business Leaders of America club, most of us joined just to put it on our college application.  Shane and I signed up last year, thinking it would get us out of class; just to learn it is an after school club.  I sit next to Shane and wait for the teacher to send around the signup sheet. 
We’re in our meeting for about five minutes when the door to our annex opens and Pru walks in, without Julie thankfully.  I look up in time to notice her staring at me.  I look over at Shane and he plays it off like he doesn’t notice.  I think to myself ‘don’t sit behind me, don’t sit behind me, don’t sit behind me’.  Of course she does.  I pray my deodorant is still working.  She sits down I get a whiff of a sweet smell, the light sugary smell of cotton candy.  I close my eyes and say a silent prayer that I don’t smell like gym socks.  She doesn’t look like she has to worry about college applications, she probably comes from money.    Our group leader Carrie introduces her, of course we all know who she is, but we all say our hellos and finish making up a class schedule.  
Shane and I are walking out to his car when I hear Pru calling out my name.  This girl is planning on giving me heart failure before the day is up. 
“Hi, you’re Abel right?”  Pru asks with one hand-held out to me and the other pulling down her hair, letting it flow over her shoulders.
 “Uh, yeah,” I say, trying my best not to sound special needs.
“I’m Pru, I was hoping I’d get a chance to meet you today.  You’re Shane, right?”  She holds her hand out to him and they shake hands, all the while she never takes her eyes off me. 
“You hoped you’d get to meet me all day?” I ask and watch as she smiles broadly.
“Well, yeah,” she stammered.  “In English class I thought your eyes looked like you’re nice.  That girl Julie told me a little about you, so I thought you’d be a cool person to know.”
“Alrighty then,” Shane said, bumping his shoulder into me slightly.
 “I moved here from out near Choctaw.  Sounds lame right?  I know it isn’t that far away, or as glamorous as Miami or Vegas, but it is still a big change.”  As she talks, I’m thinking about how perky she is for someone suffered through their first day in a new school.  
We talk for about 20 minutes until Shane says he has to get home.  We say good-bye and get in the car…. not before noticing the car she is getting into… a 2011 white with inferno orange racing stripes SS Camero! Only the coolest car at school: clearly blowing away Shane’s 2005 mustang. 
I no sooner get in the car when my phone starts blowing up with messages from everyone in FBLA.  I don’t usually get texts, but when the new girl in school actually walks up and introduces herself to you and everyone else wishes it was them, that makes for good gossip.
After dinner, I sit with my mom watching some dancing show where they have three judges and men wear tight glitter costumes. I don’t know anyone that will be caught dead in those outfits.  Who comes up with those clothes?
“Mom, I think this show has stolen part of my soul. I have some reading for English class and a math paper to do.”  I grab my backpack off the couch and casually head to the stairs.  I pause and say, “Oh, we have a new girl at school, her name is Pru, she moved here from Choctaw, I think.”  I am trying to play it off as nonchalant as I can.  My mom starts the Spanish Inquisition if she thinks I’m interested in a girl. 
“Pru?  That’s an interesting name.  Is she pretty?” mom asks.  She hits pause on the TV so she can give me all of her attention.  She wouldn’t want to miss my expression in case I show some interest in someone.
Here we go with the twenty questions.
“I didn’t really seem to notice one way or the other.  Look, I just told you because you always ask if anything happened at school today.  Well, we have a new girl, and that is about the most interesting thing to happen here in Piedsville in about a month.  Oh, and George got braces over the summer.”  I turn back to head up to my room.
“You can get your attitude in check,” she snaps.   “I only wanted to know if she is pretty.  Go read,” she starts the show back up and I ran up the rest of the stairs.
I take the stairs two at a time trying to reduce my speed before I get to the landing at the top of the stairs.  My ‘toxic waste’ sign tilted sideways on my bedroom door, I flip it with my finger straightening it until my door closes behind me and skews it again.  I slip my I-pod into my docking station and pick up my required reading.  I chose The Good Earth by Pearl Buck.  We have a list of books to read, with a book report due once a month, throughout the school year.  I wish they had let us read something cool like Harry Potter; at least I wouldn’t be bored to death with this dumb assignment.
I ran downstairs to grab a snack.  I hear my phone buzzing on my nightstand when I get back to my room.  I pick it up and see there is a missed call from an unknown number.  I listen to voicemail, recognizing the husky voice as Pru asking me to give her a call.  Now this is an unexpected turn of events.  I dial her number and on the third ring she answers.
“Pru?  This is Abel, um, you called?”  
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 
PRU

Well, my first day at Piedsville High School is finally over.  It was probably the worst day in the history of first days ever.  Someone played a horrible joke on me by  giving me Julie-the-imbecile.  I thought I was going to physically strangle her by the end of the day. Her delight in taking self portraits was about to render her knocked out, if she took one more picture of us.  I never even agreed to have my picture made in the first place, but she kept snapping them.  I couldn’t make a scene so I did what Oakley said to do, suck it up.  I did just that…. all day!  Every time I thought I’d get a chance to go over and introduce myself to Abel, there she was, rambling about every single aspect of her life.   Just shoot me already.
Abel is cute, like a little puppy you want to grab and snuggle.  From the surveillance pictures, I expected him to be shorter, but he has to be almost six feet tall. His chestnut brown curly hair was long enough to cover his big brown eyes and bushy eyebrows. He is adorable for an awkward 16 year old boy.   If my mom heard me call him an awkward boy she would have a heart attack.  She’d probably tell me it was blasphemy to say something like that about him.  I tried telling her over and over, he is just like us, regardless of his destiny, he is still human….mostly.  Of course I’d never talk to my parents like that; it would not go over well to disrespect my parents.  It took me forever to get them to agree to let me even do this assignment. At first, they were going to send someone else in, but I swore I could do it, and I am.   I graduated early so I could take this assignment and train Abel for what is written.  I wasn’t going to let something or someone like Julie get in my way.  I figure if I can get close to him, I’d try to make friends quick.  I knew he didn’t have a car so I felt that would be my ‘in’.  
It isn’t overly complicated, or maybe it is slightly - I’m in charge of his death.  My entire life has prepared me for my encounter with Abel Casey.  He is a boy that has no idea how special and important he is, a boy that is so special; his life is in jeopardy if anyone finds out who he is.
 I am Prudence Phelan, daughter of General Ernan Phelan and Dolina, General and Dolly as their friends call them.  My father is one of those strong quiet types, when he tells you to do something, you better do it, and do it right.  Mom is the nurturing type and incredibly protective over us, that is us as in our pack.  I’m biologically the only child of my parents, everyone else in our pack are mostly adopted in.  You’d have to be mental to mess with my mom. If she doesn’t serve your head on a plate, I assure you if one of us gets there first, we’ll be the servers.  
We have a farm on the edge of Oklahoma County, in a small town called Choctaw.  We have the largest vegetable and herb farm in the county. Everyone in the pack works it daily without complaint.   We have been fortunate enough to be successful at what we do.  We’ve been selling jellies, jams, and canned vegetables to the local markets since the 1950’s when my grandfather tilled up his first acre for vegetables.  We eat well, and mom is a great cook.  We are big into giving back to our community so we donate fresh fruits and vegetables to the homeless shelters and the local families that have suffered due to the economy.  We respect the animals that become ‘pets’ and we drool over the animals that feed us well.  
I really enjoyed the FBLA meeting, everyone was super cool and it sounded like we would actually learn something about business.  Being homeschooled my entire life, it is my first school club.  I’m the first person in the family to go to a human school, it felt a little strange not having one of my adopted brothers around.   I feel like a spy, especially when I’m creeping on Abel like a stalker.  I hope I don’t scare him off before I get to be his friend.   
I finally ditched Julie by telling her I was going straight home.  She tried to talk me into trying out for cheerleader.  What a laugh that would be, I could just see me punching out someone on a football field.  I’d never live it down if I were a cheerleader.  I laugh to myself at the thought of it.
After FBLA I stood outside talking to Shane and Abel, I loved the way his eyes sparkled as he squinted against the sunlight.  When we were talking, I could sense he was nervous, his scent was a little musky with a hint of designer cologne.  He fidgeted from foot to foot, rocking heavier on his left one.   He wiggled the change in his pocket, probably unaware he was even doing it.  It’s going to be fun being friends with him, and the good part is…. he will be more willing to die in the hands of a friend.


Chapter 2. 

I know it sounds all mysterious and blasé, but there really isn’t too much of a mystery. My family and I are shapeshifters, werewolves, lycanthrope, or therianthropy as many people like to call us.  Movies always make us out to be ugly and mean.   I hate that!  Fables come from humans taking snippets of stories and stretching the truth to be more interesting.   Thankfully, I don’t need to stretch the truth.   Some of us werewolves have multiple attributes; I have the gift of sight, a shaman of sorts.  It is important Abel stays in touch with his soul, without his soul, it can cause his rebirth as one of us to be useless.   We’ve all heard about shifters that hadn’t been around other shifters so they didn’t know how to stay grounded.  Some have been known to shift and never return to their human form; that would ruin everything! I can’t wait to start his training and the first task is to become his friend.  
My parents were told I was a shaman when my mom was pregnant with me.  She had gone to see her spiritual advisor to discuss the happenings within our Pack and the advisor told her she was pregnant.  She hadn’t known she could have children, so she was surprised by both the news of me and that I would be gifted.  Within our society it is rare that a shapeshifter get pregnant by a shapeshifter, it is usually a human that will impregnate a shifter or vice versa.  Although there have been a few full blood shifters, my father is one, they are very powerful with keen senses and stronger physical strength, and some have other gifts as well.  They could be lightening fast, or abnormally strong, some could shift into different animals and some could be empaths.  We also have shifters that obtain the virus, either by a recessed gene in both parents or by being infected by a shifter.  Very few are the former, that is what Abel is, and his parents are not aware of his legacy.  I was enlightened of his ‘condition’ when I was about three years old, I told my parents his name and said the words, “great wolf has been born”.  Unbeknownst to me our kind had been waiting for The Great Wolf for hundreds of years.  His life could be at risk if discovered by the wrong people so my father took it as his responsibility to train and prepare him for his reign over weres.  It took my parents a few years to track him down, the internet wasn’t a household item when I was a kid, so they did it the old fashioned way, they hunted him.  They felt it was fate that he was in Oklahoma.
Even though I possess the full-blooded attributes; my other abilities are still developing.  With my gift of ‘sight’, I have dreams that have to be documented in a diary and then I see my mother’s spiritual advisor Josie to go over the information for the message.  I was so young when I started journaling my mom actually did the writing for me.  Although I keep a dream record for greater understanding, there are times I have no idea what they mean.  Lucky for me I have Josie, she has a keen sense of what the subconscious has to say. 
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

ABEL

Surprisingly, Pru and I talked that night for at least an hour.  She convinced me that it would be easier to face another day with Julie if I actually rode to school with her.   Usually it would be a little odd for a girl to pick up a guy before school, but hey, I’m a liberal dude, equal rights and all.  Who wouldn’t want to hop in the coolest car, with its 440 horsepower, orange and black leather seats, and kick-ass stereo? Hell yeah!  We spent the next few weeks hanging out and doing everything together.  We aren’t dating, she makes me too nervous to even ask her.  It is cool having the prettiest girl in school as your friend, but it’s a little unnerving too.  Shane and Tim constantly ask me if I have kissed her yet, and daily I tell them ‘no’ we are JUST FRIENDS.  I’ve concluded it is some compulsive obsessive habit they have acquired.
Their curiosity has nothing on my mom and dad.  Mom will make little comments, “So, Pru and you are going to the movies?  Do you want to have her over for dinner?”  Day in, day out, until they got bored with my answer and quit pressuring me about it. 
It’s already been a month and I still have no idea if she likes me or not.   We’d decided to go to the movies and see the latest vampire love story.  I hate to admit it but I read those books and I really liked them, nothing like a little blood, and violence with a hot girl to boot. 
Pru pulls in the driveway, I watch as her long legs emphasized by the skinny jeans and Chucks come strolling to the front door.  I don’t think she ever wears all that war paint girls put all over their face.  It would be a shame if she covers that pretty skin with all that goo.
 “Hey Abel, you ready to get scared by the vampires?” she grabs me by the shoulders pulling me in like she was about to bite my neck. 
“Yeah, be careful or I’ll bite you and we’ll see who’s scared.”  I nudge her shoulder with mine.  Ah oh, she smells good.  
We pulled up to Quail Springs Mall with its fancy restaurants and name brand stores. A perfect example of the cookie cutter life.  Its huge movie theatre is incredible with the fancy sound system and stadium rocking seats. Walking dogs keeps cash in my pocket to pay for things like movies and popcorn.  It drives me crazy Pru won’t let me buy her ticket, I’ve tried a few times but she refused to accept.  My stomach rumbling from the smell of buttery popcorn I tell her to grab us a seat and I’ll get the drinks and popcorn. 
After the movie, Pru is really quiet.  I can’t help but wonder if I’d done something to make her mad.  
“Hey, is everything okay?” I ask.
“Yeah, I just have a little bit of a headache.  Do you think we could go over to the lake and just walk around?  I can use some fresh air, as a matter of fact if you wanna drive, that’s cool with me,” she says as she tosses me the keys.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  
PRU

All the way over to pick Abe up for the movie, I was thinking how exactly I’m going to tell him what I am.  What he is.  Going to see a vampire movie is probably a corny way to tell him but it was all I could come up with. What would happen if he didn’t believe me?  What if he laughs at me?  What if he gets mad and becomes unhinged?  I’m not afraid of him physically, not yet at least. I know that when some weres are stressed out, they can shift without warning.  I’m crossing my fingers it doesn’t go down like that. 
I’m so glad they didn’t depict werewolves as big ugly creatures.  I’d die and probably chicken out before telling him.  Thankfully, I didn’t lose my nerve.  I pretended to have a headache so I could get him alone.  I’d been practicing with my mom and Josie to make sure I’d be able to get it right.  It was a good thing I didn’t really have a headache, I’d let him drive my car and he tested every corner without braking.  There was a secluded area with a bench that overlooked the water.  What we call a lake, others would call a pond, so I’ve been told.  Since sailboats were the only kind allowed on the ‘lake’, we were in luck it was too windy for sailing. Okay, here goes nothing.   I took a deep breath and prayed for the best.  “Abel, you and I’ve become pretty good friends dontcha think?”  I wondered if he could sense how nervous I am.
“Yeah, you’re pretty cool.  What’s wrong?  Did I do something wrong?” he asked.
“Oh, no!  No, everything is fine,” I said shaking my head back and forth.  I know he wants to know if I’m interested in him.  The other night I dreamt about it and I don’t want to hurt his feelings, I like someone else.  Not just anyone, Oakley, my bodyguard.  “I need to talk to you, I want to explain some things you’ll probably find really odd.  Is that cool?”  I mentally crossed my fingers for luck.
 “Sure,” he said as he shifted on the bench to face me, “you’re not going to tell me we can’t hang out anymore are you?”  
He looked like a big little boy; his big brown eyes wide and alert. Oh this is going to be harder than I expected.
“What did you think of the movie?” I asked.
He looked confused and said, “Huh?  You’re all serious and wanting to talk to me about the movies?”
He has a point…that is a stupid way of starting off.
“No, I do want to know how you feel about vampires.”  I was trying to sound nonchalant.
He said he really didn’t have any feelings about vampires.  Why would he?
“Do you believe in vampires?  Or even werewolves?”  I asked, sensing the confusion in him.
“Uh, I don’t know.  I mean, I’ve read a few vampire books and I’ve wondered about if they were based on anything real or not.  I Googled it a couple of times, and know it is based on a lot of lore from the old days.  I don’t know much about werewolves, I figure it’s something Hollywood came up with to freak out movie goers.  What do you think about them?”  
I shifted around to look at him “Well, I think anything is possible.  Look, I’m not crazy and I need you to just trust me.  Okay?” I was so nervous I wasn’t sure if it was the right time or not, it was do or die.  “Abel, what I’m going to tell you sounds a little nutty, maybe more like I’m nuts but you have to believe me.  Can you just be open-minded and hear me out?  Trust me, it’s all I ask.”
I keep expecting him to stand up and walk away, thankfully he doesn’t.  
“It will probably be easier if I show you, so if you will give me your hand I will.” I see he is uncomfortable, I can smell his nervousness and I know he is afraid to take my hands.  “Trust me; I won’t hurt you, not yet at least, ha ha.  No, seriously just take my hands, okay.”  I could hear his heart rate speed up so I focused on calming him.  He put his hand in mine; I could feel the intense stress he was feeling.  I started drawing the stress from him.
“Just relax okay, if you take deep breaths in and exhale slowly, it will calm you down, like yoga.”  He did what I said, I channeled my powers to him, I pulled at his soul just to relax him a little.  From my training I know the feeling is slightly euphoric, like when you go to the dentist and they give you laughing gas.  I don’t like to pull on the soul too long because it becomes hard for the person to focus.  His hands became slack in my hands and I knew he was ready to ‘see’ the truth.
“Just keep your eyes closed. I only need one of your hands.  No matter what happens, don’t let go,” he shakes his head in agreement.  “Keep taking those breaths.  Just relax,” I said.   “Abel, are you okay?” I asked.
“Yes, I’m fine,” he said as he sat perfectly still, completely relaxed.
It sounded like he was in a trance; I needed to make one part of him grounded, while the other side of him communicated with me.
I called out to the spirits.  
“I visualize the Triquetra, Abel, I share with you my vision.”  I flicked my left wrist three times while grasping his hand slightly tighter, he winced but was still relaxed.  “With this vision, I see life, death, and the rebirth of the soul.  I have faith in the holy trinity as The Father, The Son, and the Holy Ghost, as in both meanings for one symbol do evoke my belief.  I call together my brothers of my Pack, I call to you spirits and for your shift so I can share with Abel the Truth.  The Truth of what has been, as what is, and as what will be.  I call to the spirits of life and my vision will be shown through both of our eyes.”  I flicked my left wrist three times, and I could ‘see’ Abel flick his right wrist along with me.
I stayed aware of our surroundings since we were in a public place.
“Abel, I want you to take three breaths, all deep and relaxing.  Just feel your spirit and trust in the truth.  I want you to keep your eyes closed, but see my vision.  Look around, what do you see?”
“I see the woods,” his voice was deep and sleepy but I knew he was keenly aware.
“Great, I want you to explore.  Just walk around and tell me what you see.  You are okay, we are in my vision.  I need you to keep your faith in the Triquetra, as we are protected in the physical plane and within the vision.”  I stayed calm but I was worried about how he was going to react.  If I keep myself calm he will stay calm.  I had him connected to me and to my spirit.
“I see a huge home with dark brick, it has a large porch, it must be the biggest home I’ve ever seen in person, or even in a dream.  Why don’t I see you?”
“You’re using my eyes to see, this is my vision but I’m letting you see it.  Don’t worry, I’m with you,” I said.
“There is a dog on the front porch, is that a dog?  It is really big; it must be some type of mastiff of something.”
“He’s an Irish Wolfhound, his name is Alistar.   You don’t need to worry about him, he has been waiting for you.”
“Everything smells really strange to me.  I don’t know what it is.  I’ve grown up surrounded by farms and it doesn’t smell like them.  The air is a little sweet, but I can smell animals and the ground.  I don’t ever remember smelling the ground this strong before.  I smell your perfume, or whatever it is that makes you smell like cotton candy.  Man, the woods are everywhere.  What the hell is that?  Pru!  What is this?  Oh, damn!  There are wolves!  Why are there so many wolves?  We better be careful, we’ll get hurt.”  His voice was a little panicked.
I took some deep breaths in and calmed him down.
“Dolly, will you please step forward,” I said.
Dolly, I submit my will to you, please come forward.  This is my friend Abel,” I said.   For a brief second Abel’s hand trembled but he held on and didn’t let go.  Dolly walked up to us and stood erect and alert.
“Abel, this is the hard part, and I need you to really relax, just let it flow.  I want you to breath deep.  It’s okay,” I turned to Dolly and said “my Alpha female, please reveal.” 
I focused on Abel’s heart rate trying to keep him calm.  I couldn’t let him get too excited or the vision would end, and I wasn’t sure if I’d be able to bring him back to the visional state.  I’ve grown up with the knowledge of what we were and that it is a secret, we don’t reveal ourselves to outsiders unless they are connected to us.  The danger for the gifted that live amongst humans is so intense, those that accidentally discover us rarely live to tell the tale.  A were that exposes us will meet the same fate.  We are black and white; very rarely do we have shades of gray.  The Alpha male and Alpha female are the most protected of the Pack.  We survive on instinct, guts, and knowledge.  The first reveal to an outsider can be traumatic for us both.  The wolf can sense the fear and feels shy because we are not out to kill humans, actually we are here to protect the humans from the supernaturals. 
Dolly took those first steps, I felt her apprehension, and I could sense all of the other Pack members on guard. 

Chapter 3.  


ABEL

The leaves crunch under the wolf’s feet as it moves slowly towards me, it feels like my shoulders are as high as my ears.  I take a breath trying not to totally freak out.  I take a look around trying to get a better sense of where I’m at.  Maybe I’m hallucinating, or just plain crazy.  Its eyes are strangely familiar, yet I know I’ve never been this close to a wolf before.  Everything is so quiet, there aren’t any birds chirping or wind blowing.  I wonder if this is what it feels like to be deaf, because the only thing I can hear is my breathing. Out of nowhere, a gush of wind like a mini-tornado, what is it the weatherman calls it?  A gustnado or something like that.  A warm, no actually, hot breeze whips around me and right there in front of me stands a woman.  Not just a woman, a very naked woman.  I turn my head away, embarrassed and….well uncomfortable.  “Pru?  What in the hell do you have me into?”  I ask.  How is this happening?   It is like one of those dreams where really strange things happen, yet they seem normal.    I know it isn’t technically a normal thing to happen, but it feels acceptable to me.  I close my eyes hoping it will all go away, but the smell of flowers and spices are still in the air.  I didn’t smell them before the wolf turned into a woman so I know she is still there.  I open one eye just to make sure.  Yup.  Now what?
“Mom, this is Abel.  Abel, this is my mom Dolly.” 
I hear what she is saying; I just can’t wrap my head around it.  Did she just say that it is her mom?  
“You’re her mom?” I wish I can see Pru at that moment, I want to see her face.  “Your mom is a wolf?  What is going on?”  My adrenalin is off the charts.  I feel like I do right before I get on a roller coaster, the moment the gate opens and for a split second, I want to turn and run out of line.  Yup, running right about now, would be a good option. 
My underestimation on what open minded in her book means, something I won’t take lightly again.  At first I assumed she was going to tell me she was some type of fetish freak that thinks they’re a vampire.  I wasn’t even remotely prepared for what happened next.  
Looking around, I see the piercing eyes of wolves all around me.  The glow of their amber eyes mimicking the color of liquid gold, glaring at me, giving me no choice but to listen to them.  She tells me this big story about werewolves and what it means to me.  There is a wolf that is destined to lead werewolves as they battle to keep the secrets of the werewolf from humans, and that wolf is me.  Me!  Ha.  My gorgeous friend is a werewolf and some type of magician person that can make me hallucinate.  This is not good.
“Abel?  Are you there?”  Dolly asked.
“I’m sorry; yeah I just zoned out for a second.  You’re really a werewolf?”
“Yes love, I am.  You’re one too.  Before you worry too much about it, I want you to come to the farm in person and we’ll explain all of it to you.  I know this is hard to comprehend, but it’s true,” Dolly says as she stands in nothing but a robe.
“This is all so much to absorb.  So Pru, you’re only friends with me because you think I’m a werewolf?”  I ask. 
“Abel!  No!  It isn’t like that.  Yes, in the beginning I was there just because of what you are.  I came to protect you and in the process you’ve become my friend.  Please don’t think I’m not here as your friend,” Pru pleas.  
“I may be stupid for saying this, but yeah I get it.  I do.   Wow, it isn’t every day someone tells you that you’re a mythical creature and then prove it to you.  This is just crazy.”  

Ha!

Ha!

Ha!

Call me crazy but something inside of me is screaming that I finally know why I always feel different than everyone else.  How on earth can I wrap my head around this?  I am crazy!  That’s it!  I’ve lost my mind…. I’m nuts, call the funny farm.  I wanted to disbelieve….. like when you go to a magic show and you know what they are doing is sleight of hand, and they are only creating an illusion.  She’s the one telling me she’s a werewolf, she’s crazy.   I knew she was too good to be true.  There was the other part of me that believes her, only because I have always felt different, like something was off.  I have dreams of running.  I’ve never seen what I am in those dreams.  Oh God!  I’m having dreams of being a werewolf!  Maybe I fell asleep during the movie and I’m really dreaming all of this.  I pinch myself, nope not asleep.
Werewolves are real.  Real!  My mom is going to freak out that I’m hanging out with wolves.  Pru is really great, her and Dolly explain that they are werewolves not in the ohmigod there’s a wolf and it’s going to attack and kill me kind of wolf.  It is a little hard to accept since there are at least ten wolves lingering around us and they look like they’d kill me if I move.  I don’t.  I start to relax again and can feel the other wolves relaxing too.  I guess they don’t find me an immediate threat, but they haven’t revealed themselves to me either.  Trust is something earned by a wolf; never underestimate their shyness.  They don’t say that to me they just let me know it.
I can hear Pru, her voice is foggy, it sounds muffled, and she tells me we are going back to the park.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
PRU

Things went so much better than I expected.  My dad had suggested we do it that way so everyone would be comfortable and if something went wrong I could get us out of their quickly.  Originally I was going to take him to our farm and introduce him.  We didn’t go that route because one of our guys, Parker… our unpredictable wild wolf.
Parker is an omega, the bottom of the Pack. He has issues with authority, and with new members.  I have issues with Parker; I’ve dreamt his death will be at my hands.  I’m not really bothered by killing him, but it isn’t common for a Pack member to kill another member.
That is the mystery to me.  Not that he couldn’t get under my skin and make me want to twist his scrawny-ass head off his body, but I follow the rules, so I’m curious what he does that drives me to killing him.  It has been two years since I had that vision so it will be soon I’m sure.
“Just stay relaxed, I’m going to pull us back to the park.”  I took a deep breath and broke our connection. “Hey, you okay?  You look a little pale.  We can stop at Sonic and grab a Coke on the way home.”  He pulled his hand away faster than I’d hoped.  
“No, I don’t want to stop anywhere; I just want to get home.  So, was that real?”  He asked. 
“Was the vision real?” I asked.
Abel nodded his head up and down.
“Yeah, it was real.  That’s my family, like the saying goes, we can’t pick our family but we can pick our friends,” I said shyly.  Okay, maybe not too shy, but a little.
“So, you’re telling me that werewolves are real?”  I hear the shakiness in his voice.
“Yes, Abel they’re real, and yes, I’m one of them.  You’re one.  Please, don’t hate me.”  I could feel my own heart racing now.
“Cool,” he was totally calm and turned his attention away from me.
“Cool?  All you have to say is cool?  No, are you going to eat me? Are you going to turn into a wolf and howl at the moon?  Do you only turn into a wolf at a full moon?  Are their vampires too?  You’re not going to ask me any of those questions?  You’re just going to say, cool?”  I was totally confused.  I expected more from him.
“No, cool is good with me right now Pru.  I’m sorry but I’m not going to freak out in front of you.  I’ve got tons of questions, but I want to think about it first and then I’ll hit you with the 20 questions.  Give me some time, okay?  I’ll be fine.  Let me sleep on it and we’ll come back and you can do your hocus pocus vision stuff on me again.”  
“It isn’t hocus pocus stuff, it’s real.  I’ll give you tonight to think about it, but we’ve got a lot to cover.  Tomorrow I’ll take you to the farm, it will be easier if we as a Pack explain to you what your mission and destiny is.”   Looking into his big brown eyes made my heart skip a beat.   
“Cool, do you have the Death Cab for Cutie cd?  Lets jam, no more talking right now, I need to think.” he asked.
Men.


~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 
ABEL

Our drive to my house is awkward and absent of conversation.  Everything looks different to me yet the same.  I can’t help but play it all in my head on the drive to my house. Honestly, Pru showing me the vision wasn’t all that bad; it was more like watching a movie.  I just don’t know what to think.  You’d think I’d have some clue I am a werewolf.  I wonder if someone in my family is one.  Maybe that is why my dad works nights.  My mind is in overdrive, if my dad is a werewolf I’m sure they would have told me by now. Luckily my parents have gone out to a cheese and wine party.  I’m sure they won’t be home until two or three in the morning.
Reaching into my backpack, I pull out my IPod and pick my crazy angry music playlist. Flopping down on my bed, earbuds in place, I try to relax. It takes me a minute to realize that I don’t have to turn up the music as loud.  Great, I’m already turning into a werewolf.  I stare at my hands, waiting for hair to grow on my knuckles and turn me into a modern day teen-wolf.  Shane is going to crap when I tell him I’m going to be turning into a wolfman.
It’s three in the morning and I hear something outside.  I check the driveway to see if my parent’s car is out there.  No.  Damn.  The neighbor’s dogs are barking like something is out there.  I take a flying leap across the room to turn off the light to see better.  I look out the window again and I catch my breath, right there, standing in my yard is a large wolf.  I’m not an expert on wolves but this one is bigger than your average wolf.  It looks like a werewolf.  Holy crap!  I run and jump in my bed and throw the blankets over my head.  I’m down like a girl, huddle up scared to peep out.  I’m not ashamed, it’s a freakin’ werewolf, not a spider.  Damn!  Damn!  Damn! Is he gone yet?  I hide in bed for what seems forever.  Wouldn’t you know it, my parents decide to pull up when there is a monster sized animal in our yard.  I run to the window to see if he is still sitting out there, I let out the breath I’ve been holding when I don’t see him.  
My parents make it in the house safe and sound, without as much as one werewolf attack.  It is probably prejudiced, thinking the wolf will kill my parents.  I’ve read a couple of werewolf books, I’ve seen movies, and they aren’t cute little puppy dogs.  I don’t know how I know it, but I’m certain that it wasn’t Pru, I don’t know who it was, but it wasn’t her.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 
PRU

The ride home was just what I needed.  Instead of going to our place in Piedsville I drove out to our farm.   Abel’s house is a good 40 miles from our farm, with the aid of a “pikepass” and 422 horsepower 6.2 liter SS Camero I made the trip in 33 minutes flat. Speeding is one of my dirty little secrets.  I kept it at ten miles over the limit, but speeding is speeding, and the police frowned at it.  I’d been pretty lucky by not getting a ticket, I’m sure it’s just a matter of time. 
Alistar was sitting on the porch when I pulled up, he gave a welcome bark and that signaled the Pack that I was home.  My mom was inside rolling out some dough for cinnamon rolls. As wolves we burn up a lot of calories so we can afford to eat as much as we want without the worry of gaining too much weight.  Some wolves don’t get enough to eat, it makes them sickly, which puts them in danger by predators.  The economy can be tough on weres that aren’t in a Pack, if they live in a big city the prey isn’t as plentiful.  Our family works tirelessly to help the less fortunate werewolves but it is hard to help those that don’t want it.
“Hey mom, make some with extra cinnamon for me okay?  I heart me some cinnamon rolls.” I put my hands together in the shape of a heart.  I went up and nuzzled her shoulder and gave her a big kiss on the cheek.  She looked so human standing in the kitchen with her sweats and t-shirt on.
“I see you’re back early, how did it go?  Was he mad at you?”  Mom asked with a hint of concern in her voice.
“No, actually he was really cool with the idea.  I tried to get a reading off of him but I couldn’t really sense anything other than he was okay with the whole thing.  I think it was the best outcome to happen.  I hope he isn’t in shock and freaking out at home.”  I snagged a roll out of a pan that just came out of the oven.  “Man, this is good mom.”
“Don’t let the boys see you with that or we won’t have any in the morning to go with breakfast.  I’m glad you’re home and he was okay.  I ran for about 30 minutes after you left, I could tell the guys were all nervous about him being the Great Wolf. What do you think?”  She plopped down on one of the counter stools.
“Honestly, I don’t really know, I guess it will be one of those things we have to wait and see.  Don’t get me wrong, I think he’ll be fine, but I don’t really get his being okay with everything.  I’m going to go read, I had some books come in from Amazon today and I can’t wait to read a good book.”  I leaned over and kissed her and ran up to my room.
I sent Abel a text “r u ok”
No reply.
I needed a run. I needed to exert some energy and gather my thoughts, so I ran down the stairs and out the door yelling behind me, “I’m going for a run, be back in a few” and out I went.  Shifting is easy for me, I usually take off my clothes first, I hate ripping them up.  At home we don’t have to hide in the woods to shift, we have a pool house with separate quarters, the Alpha’s, the Beta’s, and the Pack room for everyone else.  I pulled off my clothes and shifted in the room.  We have ‘doggie’ doors throughout the pool house so coming and going is easy for us. We sure as hell didn’t call them ‘doggie’ doors, being called a doggie is the biggest insult to a wolf.  
As a wolf I can smell everything, it’s hard to explain but everything is more intense.  I can smell the squirrel as it entered the yard, or smelly feet before the shoe came off, pine tree sap, Alistar, the weather.  Who smells weather?  Apparently I do.  On top of an excellent sense of smell, we have incredible hearing.  I can hear everything, conversations that took place in other rooms, a meadow mouse in the back yard, so many things that people don’t usually hear.  When humans speak to us when we are in wolf form, the words are a little harder to put together. It’s like hearing about every other word and then having to figure out exactly what they are saying.  We take in their scent, their body posture, and their face.  We don’t have any problems hearing another werewolf when they are in human form.  I guess something gets lost in translation when a human talks to a wolf.  We don’t typically hang out where humans are anyway, we’re not big fans of humans.  

Chapter 4.  

ABEL

I’ve been running for at least twenty minutes.  That damned wolf won’t quit chasing me, I’m tired of running.  I looked down at my leg, it is bloody.  Why don’t I have any shoes on?  I never go out for a run without my shoes.  Oh, look there is Mr. Jones’ dog Jessie.  “Jessie, here boy!”  He pulled back his gums and bared his teeth at me.  “Hey boy, it’s me, come on, you want to run with me?”  Jessie was growling at me, man that sucks; you walk a dog for two years straight and he growls at you, dogs can be so dumb.  Oh shit, was that gun fire?  “Run Jessie, get out of here!”
I sit up drenched in sweat. 
It’s been three days since Pru told me about werewolves.  She keeps texting me and leaving voice mail but I don’t want to talk to her right now.  I’m not really mad at her, I’m more upset that I didn’t have any clue about this.  I’ve had the same dream every single time I fall asleep; poor Jessie is always mad and the gun shots scare me every time.  
Another text from Pru, R U OK =)
I finally reply.  TTYL
I hate blowing her off like I have for three days but I just can’t deal with it right now.  The wolf has been in my yard every night, and in my dreams. It’s getting old but I have to be able to talk to her without wigging out.
My phone buzzes.  “Come on, plez call me”
And again, “we have 2 talk, we have to train”
After five minutes “ABEL, stop ignoring me, we have 2 talk.”
I reply, “Not yet”
Women can be such pains in the ass because half an hour later I get a text from her “Hey, I’m walking up ur driveway. Ready or not here I come.”
I write. “WTH” Oh hell, women are insufferable pains.
“I got it! I got it!” I yell as I run down the stairs.  I hear my mom asking what I got.  “The door!  Pru’s here.”
“Oh great, have her come in, there is plenty for dinner.  Be careful though, if you want to kiss her, remember you’ve been sick the past few days and you don’t want her to get sick too,” my mom yells out.
“Jeez mom, I’m not going to get her sick and I’m not having her stay for dinner, you’ll have us having children before the dinner dishes are washed.”  I pop a cherry tomato in my mouth as I sling open the front door.
“Why are you here?” I ask with my mouth full of cherry tomato.
“Come on Abe, we’ve got to talk.  My family really needs to see you’re okay.  You haven’t been at school, you haven’t returned my calls.  You’re totally blowing me off.”
She looks me straight in the eye.  I can’t help myself, I look away like a scorned kid.  “I’ll talk to you, but not right here.  Where is your car, we’ll talk out there.”  I didn’t hear her car pull up when I got the text message.
“I parked down the street so you wouldn’t hear me pull up.  I like the element of surprise.  Surprise!” she says.
I snag a hoodie and head out the front door.  “Mom, we’re going to sit in her car and listen to music, I’ll be in soon.”  There is no way I am going to have my parents overhear us talking about supernatural stuff.  My mom would freak out.
“I brought bribes, Snickers, your favorite.  I figure I can always get you with food,” she lowers her voice “are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine, I just needed to think, but I guess you don’t believe in giving anyone some time to think.” It came out a little snarky, maybe a lot snarky but seriously.
“I’d let you have more time, but I can’t Abe, listen, we have to train and until you know exactly what is going on. You’re in danger of getting hurt.”
“By who?”  I turn to face her and see how sincere she is.
“Look, I really need you to come to the farm, we’ll explain it. Please?” She tilts her head to the side and gives me her sweet innocent girl look that she excels in.
How do they do that, make you agree to what they want just by a tilt of the head and a big smile?  Damn.
“Yes. Yes. Yes.  I’ll go if that will get you off my ass for five minutes!”
“Okay Mr. Smart Ass, I know you’re stressed about this and about meeting my family but you don’t have to get all high and mighty with me.  I told you that I’m here for you and that I’m the one that is going to train you but I’m not going to waste my time if you’re going to be King Dingaling about it.  Here’s the deal, I know already, and I’m already trained but you’re not.  You’re the one that will suffer without my training.  You’re the one that won’t know the Truth and will end up dead without a soul.  So, you make up your mind how you want it to go.  I’m done.  Here’s your Snickers, just go.  Send me a text when you think you and your almighty self will be ready.” She turns her head to look out the driver’s side window.  Her pretty delicate hand with the short black nails grips the steering wheel. 
“I’m sorry Pru.  I’ll go with you, come on in and have dinner with us, and then you and I can go out to your farm when we’re done.”
I see her face loosen up and a smile creep in.
“Cool, do you have any dog chow?” She turns to look at me and grins from ear to ear.
“Uh, no.  You don’t eat human food?”  I ask.
“You should see your face!  Ha!  Of course I eat human food nitwit, you’ve had lunch with me every day, dork”  
Like that, we are fine.
“Do you like cats?” I ask.
“Yeah, they’re delicious,” she swats my arm and says, “of course I like cats, I have a pet cat.”
“Does it like you?  I mean, does it know what you are?”
“Yes, Snuggles knows what I am, I’ll explain about cats later.  We need to get the other stuff understood before I tell you all of the extras.”
Dinner is uneventful, my mom doesn’t harass us about our nonexistent relationship and Pru is her charming self.  That girl will be the death of me one day.  Literally.
I love riding in her car, we crank up the music and haul tail to Choctaw.  The fall leaves cover the street to her house like a brown and gold blanket.  The sun is setting; I’ll never get over an Oklahoma sunset, with the oranges and pinks streaking across the sky like giant brush strokes.  The lands may be flat, but that makes the sunset that more inspiring.  
I feel a sense of calm.  I’m barely out of the car when I see Alistar is traipsing over to us to get a better look.  I swear he is the biggest dog I’ve ever seen!
 Out of nowhere there are at least 10 guys standing out in front of the house.  Any normal guy would feel insecure around a bunch of buff chiseled-looking guys.  Thankfully, I’ve never claimed to be normal.  
Pru was telling everyone to mind their own business and in about three seconds they all head in different directions.
“Wow, that is a pretty cool trick making them all leave.  Are they relatives of yours?”  I bumped her shoulder with mine trying to let her know I am okay.
“Uh, yeah.  You heard me?” she looks a little surprised.
“Yeah, I can hear just fine, you can hear me too?  Right?  Oh, let me guess, this is some type of lesson?”
“That’s amazing, I didn’t speak words out loud.  We need to get on with training pretty fast or you’re going to be bombarded with a bunch of new abilities and not be prepared for them.”
In the doorway stands a man, maybe 5’10”, 175 lbs, but I know who he is the moment I see him.  He doesn’t look very old, actually he looks like he is maybe 30, but I know he is older.  Pru explained to me that weres don’t age as fast as humans, although they do age.  I feel his eyes on me, staring a hole through me, before I know it I am walking straight to him, compelled with no control by me.  The guys that disappeared reappear all around us.  Pru about breaks her neck trying to reach me and grabs my shoulder, I hear her warning but continue to my destination.  Alistar gives me a warning bark but steps back whimpering and moves to the other end of the porch.
“Hi sir, I’m Abel, you’re Pru’s dad, the chief?”  I extend my hand out to him and he just looks at me.
“Don’t stare at him.” Pru says.
“Uh, I’m sorry Sir, I don’t mean to stare.” I shift my eyes and look over his shoulder.
“I’m not a chief.  So you’re my replacement, hmph.  Well, come on, we have work to do, I’m not getting any younger,” he grumbles.
“Replacement?”  What the hell?  I think to myself.
I lean over to Pru and whisper to her trying to find out her dad’s title or name but she bumps me with her shoulder.  “He can hear you, big dummy.  We’re wolves, we have amazing hearing.  His name is Ernie but you need to call him Mr. Phelan or General until he tells you differently.  He doesn’t bite, oh yeah, he does, sorry just a phrase.”
“You’re freakin’ hilarious.  I thought there was going to be some family meeting to talk to me, why are you sending me in there alone?”
“You’re not alone, my dad will be right there with you,” she nudges me forward.
“Smartass,” I whisper.

As we walked across the enormous house, I can’t help but notice all of the pictures of Pru.  She is definitely the apple of her daddy’s eye.   He led me into a giant room with dark wood floors, burnt orange walls and book shelves from floor to ceiling.  I notice there is a drop-down screen and a state-of-the-art projector mounted on the ceiling.  The theatre seating is’ awesome, my dad would be very impressed.  Who am I kidding?  I’m impressed.
 “I like your man cave,” I say as we sit down at the big English style bar that overlooks the pool table.  There was something regal about him, yet something very ordinary.  His light brown hair is longer than most men his age, and a lot shaggier than my dad would ever wear.  I think it is interesting that he is dressed in a work shirt and jeans, and I smell the outdoors on him.  It is obvious he works his own garden and I respect him for it.  
 “Man cave, ha, I guess that’s a good way to describe it.  I like everyone to have a good time, so we need a good place to relax and unwind.”  His authoritative tone doesn’t scare me, well maybe a little.  He spreads his arms out and says, “This room is for everyone. As long as you are part of the Pack, this room is yours too.  And from what Pru’s visions tell us, you are a part of the Pack.  You simply being able to enter a room that has been charmed to keep humans out, means she is on target with you.”
“Yeah, about that, don’t I need to be a werewolf to be in a Pack?” I ask apprehensively.  I sit back in the stool trying to give the illusion that I’m totally calm and relaxed…I’m not.
“You are a werewolf silly boy,” he grumbles.
“So, if I’m a werewolf, how come I don’t turn into a wolf?  I can touch silver; my mom makes me polish our silver every Thanksgiving.  I don’t chase cats and I’m not excessively hairy.”
“Oh, Lord, Pru has her work cut out for her.  You haven’t changed yet because you haven’t been around the pheromones released by weres.  Not that you won’t change on your own, but those that aren’t around weres all of the time are delayed in their abilities.  Some, actually most that do, will die in their human life and live the rest of their existence as a wolf.  If they aren’t fully trained before their first shift they will be rogue wolves and it is our responsibility to see if they can be rehabilitated enough to live amongst the Pack, and if they are capable of shifting back to their human form.  If they don’t learn how to control it, sadly it is our duty to kill them.”
I cringe and ask, “You kill your own kind?  That seems a little harsh.”  
“It might seem harsh to someone who is just learning about our culture, but trust me, you don’t want rogue wolves out there, they are more dangerous to the humans and to anyone that ever wronged them.  Rogues have a tendency to remember anyone that ever pissed them off and they go after them and won’t stop until they mangle them to death.  We don’t thrill kill, not us civilized Pack wolves.  By the way, the silver thing? Mostly myth, we can touch it, but it can’t touch our insides, it will cause a form of blood poisoning that can be treated but it must be done almost immediately.  Don’t always believe what you read in books, or see in movies, and the internet.   Erase everything you have previously thought about werewolves and let Pru and the rest of us teach you the right way,” he takes a sip of his Coke.  “Would you like something to drink?”
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
PRU

My restless energy was prickling my skin waiting for Abel to come out of the room.  My dad had the room enchanted by Josie so no one could hear the conversations.  It was great during football season, half the Pack was OSU and the other half OU fans, and arguments in mixed company could get out of hand if you’re a wolf.
The door flew open and my dad stormed out of the room, oh no, was I wrong?  Was my vision wrong and Abel isn’t who we thought he was?
“Pru, it is time.  The first lesson begins now.”  With that, the conversation was over and I went to check on Abel.
“What happened?  Are you okay?  What did he say?  Honestly, he never tells us his plans, we just do what he tells us to do.”  I put my arms around him.
“Ah, I can’t really talk about it,” he said with a wide eyed puppy dog look on his face, forgive the pun.
“Well, we’ll start your first lesson; we have to go back in the room.  Are you thirsty? ”


Chapter 5.

ABEL
The first lesson was not exactly what I expected.  I thought we were going to hold hands again, and she was going to show me something cool, not so much.  It was more of a lecture then a lesson.
Do…. be on time.  Don’t discuss anything, with anyone, for any reason, at any time, including dreams.  She actually tells me I can’t discuss our training in my dreams.  Seriously?  Who says that?  I try to argue with her that I can’t control what happens in my dreams.  Her reply was to learn how to control them, as I don’t have the luxury of dreaming all willy nilly.  Hot girl who is my friend, turned into hot trainer that is kinda bitchy.  I won’t dare tell her she is bitchy, she can kick my ass.  I’m not allowed to take my notes home with me, she will be the keeper of my notes.  She tells me that my house isn’t a protected zone and I can’t leave top secret information just lying around.
“My house isn’t secure? What does that mean?” I pace back and forth, hiding the fact my hands are shaking in my pockets. 
She looks at me like I have lost my mind.  “Your house isn’t safe, we will do anything and everything to protect you, but until you die, you won’t be safe there.”
“Die? W.T.H.”  I fling my hands in the air, slightly more dramatic than intended.
“Abel, as long as you’re still alive, you’re in danger.  We have to kill you, and you will fully change after a few days.  If we kill you before, or someone else kills you before we do, you run the risk of losing your soul.  You can’t successfully lead the Pack if you’re soulless.  I know that is a lot to take in but you don’t have a lot of time.  We have to teach you everything from martial arts to business plans; you have to be able to speak two languages fluently, pick locks, hotwire cars, sew, and dance.  There will be a lot of long hours and a lot of sweat.  I hope you’re up to it.”
“You lost me at killing me.  I thought you don’t kill people in your Pack, and why on earth do I have to know how to sew and dance?  Is this some type of alternative living training?”  
Girls are aggravating.  
“As a full blooded were and the one that all of our Pack has been waiting for over the last oh I don’t know… hundred years or more, the process is more complicated.”
“But, ah…”
“Don’t interrupt me please.  Your mortal life has to end; you will have to sever your ties to your parents, family, and friends.  Don’t worry, I’ll be with you throughout it all. Your physical change will be you but beefed up you.  During our training, you’re going to learn how to keep control of your emotions.  All leaders have to lead their Pack with strength, both mentally and physically,” she tosses me an orange.  “Good catch!  Where were we… oh yeah.  You have to know how to dance, so you can take me to prom, dork.  I want your mom to have some pictures of you in a tuxedo; she will treasure them and will be comforted that you got to do a real teenage activity.  That isn’t the only reason you need to know how to dance, you have to be able to be graceful on your feet when fighting and when courting.    Sewing?  Well, let’s just say, it pays to be able to piece together a couple of pieces of items to cover our adult parts,”   She laughs shyly.  We both fidgeted a little at the mention of our adult parts.  It just occurred to me that she is going to be seeing my adult parts, geez.
“You said courting, who uses that word?  Dorks do Ms. Pru, queen of the dorks,” I joke around.  I’m not sold on the idea of a pretend death, I’ll address it later.
“Come on, let me take you home.  We won’t be coming out here to do all of the training.  Josie, Oakley, and I turned the basement of our house in Piedsville into a gym.  It will be easier on us with our school schedule to do our training there.  My mom is living out there with Oakley and me.”  I got a whiff of her hair as she tosses it over her shoulder sending chills down my spine.
“Oakley as in glasses?  Who is that?”  The way she said his name gives me a tinge of jealousy.
“Yeah, he wears them too, he feels entitled.  He is my mentor and bodyguard when I’m away from the Pack.  Sounds crazy I’m sure, but you’ll get it.  Speaking of Piedsville, I better get you home.”  She lowered her voice and put her hand on my shoulder “Abe, I am sure we’re right and I know it is a lot of info but you have to trust us. We believe in you and we’re so relieved that you’re untainted by other Packs.  You’ll understand what I mean by that soon.”
We drive in silence to my house.   My mind lingers to the things her dad said to me and can’t shake the feeling that someone isn’t telling me everything.  I hate, absolutely hate the idea my parents have to mourn my death.  I feel the burn in my nose, the one I get right before my eyes water up.  I’m not going to cry in front of her.
“Abel?” She turns to look at me as we pull in the driveway of my house.
“Yeah?”
“No matter what happens, you can’t tell anyone about any of this.  Even though I see stuff, things are always subjective to change, so be careful.  Don’t befriend any new people and trust your instincts.  Right now that is all you have until you completely change.  Okay?”
“Yeah.  See ya tomorrow,” I say and push the door of the Camero open.
I get home before curfew but still walk into a dark and silent house.  I check and see my mom soundly asleep on the couch.  I snicker as I see she still has a book in her hand, apparently waiting for my dad to get home from work as she does most nights.   I kiss her on the forehead before running up to my room.  
 I’m so worried about controlling my dreams I can’t sleep.  I decide to check the internet out to see if there are any suggestions.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
PRU

That night I dreamt about the eagle, it just kept circling Abel’s house.  As a shaman, the eagle is the giver of truth and knowledge.  I had shifted and was sitting in Abel’s yard waiting for the truth to be spoken to me.  My heart was racing, I couldn’t find the message and then a field mouse ran across the yard towards me, in a normal situation I would be like any other girl and scream, but in a dream/vision I have to hold my stance.  The mouse ran up to me and sat down in front of me.  We both stood there looking at each other for maybe five seconds and then he ran off.  Before he made it to the end of the yard I woke up.  My heart was still racing, but I had to journal before it left my memory.
I sent Josie a text “Call me when u wake up. Ttyl”
Over time, I had quit sharing all of my dream journals with my mom, and only consulted with Josie.  My mom would read entirely too much in the dreams, sometimes a dream is just that, a dream.  Josie helped me decipher a vision over a dream, and I knew that this dream was in fact a vision.  Whenever a shaman dreams of animals, particularly a mouse, you have to take heed.  
My cell started ringing, I knew it was Josie because I had set her ring tone to Linkin Parks ‘Nobody’s listening’.
“Hey girl, what’s up?” Josie’s voice made me giggle; she is always so serious but tries to relate to me by being cool.  Cool didn’t really fit her personality but I loved and respected her anyway.
“Are you up for a while?” I asked.
“Yeah, you okay?”
“I was hoping I could get with you and we could go over the last dream I had.  I won’t sleep again tonight, too much going through my head.  I talked to Abel and he knows everything now.  Well, not exactly everything, but soon he will.  I’ll tell you about it when I see you.  Would it be okay if you came over?  If that will be too much can we meet tomorrow?  I could try to dream walk with you if that would be better.”  I rummaged through the cabinets looking for some cookies.
“Slow down, Prudence (I hate being called that), of course I’ll come over.  I don’t think we should dream walk while you’re in training with Abel, you need all of your strength mentally.  You need to be alert at all times now sweetie.  I’ll be there in about fifteen minutes, let me get some jeans on and I’ll see you.  You have any French vanilla creamer?”
“Yeah, you want me to get a pot of coffee going?” I said as I was already scooping out some coffee in the coffee pot.
“That would be great! I’ll need it.  See you in a few”
Josie and I have been dream walking since I was about seven years old.  The first time it had happened I had just had a dream about my teacher Mrs. Walters; she was the meanest teacher ever.  I couldn’t seem to wake up from the dream and I started thinking about Josie, I was still asleep and the next thing I knew we were in a park, the two of us.  She told me that we were still asleep but the dream was over and we were in a trance-like state.  At seven that meant very little to me.   As I got older I learned that dream walkers are rare, feared, and coveted.  
My parents sent Josie and me on a spiritual journey to Ireland to meet with Quinney, the leader of a secret society that has been around for three centuries.  Quinney was the most serious person I had ever met.  Come to think of it, he is still the most serious person.  I don’t think I have ever seen him smile or heard him make a joke.  He scared the bejeezus out of me when we went to meet him. I remember that he looked like a giant to me, after I grew up I realized he wasn’t scary looking. He’s about 6’5” with broad shoulders and looked like he could carry ten men on his back.  For fun, he lifted weights, and did yoga daily. When you’re seven you don’t really think of men as hot, but I knew he was handsome even though he scared me.  Now that I’m older, I think he is hot, but boring as hell.  
Quinney taught me how to harness my dreams and to learn from them.  Josie met him when she was ten but her family couldn’t afford to keep sending her to Ireland for training.  With the help of the internet she had got back in touch with him and they mastered dream walking with each other, but she didn’t see him again until she and I traveled to Ireland together.  Only walkers are allowed to go and the secrets that are learned are just that, a secret.  If it is suspected that we are sharing trade secrets with anyone that hasn’t been approved, you are hunted, via dream.  Your darkest fears will hunt you in your sleep until you have gone insane and most will die in their sleep.  Although it is a spiritual group, they guard the secrets with vigor.   
They believed there are more dream walkers out there, but they aren’t aware of their ability or where to go for help.  Even though Quinney is online, the walking isn’t ever discussed, hence the secretive stuff. The only way a walker meets another one is by searching via dreams or they spot the tattoo that Quinney gives his students.  The symbol is a small delicate blue jay done behind the left ear.  The tattoos are created the old fashioned way of needle and ink, not with the new tattoo guns.  
My parents had no idea their seven year old was going to come home with a tattoo on her neck but we kept it hidden with make-up until I was sixteen.  My dad being the leader of a Pack was privy to the fact there was a secret society and he knew Quinney but he didn’t know what we were taught.  He respected the fact it was for the ones that were chosen and was proud that I was one of them…my father was respected in return and Quinney didn’t ask any questions about the Pack.  
I started the coffee and Oakley appeared like magic.
“Hey Pru whatcha doing?  Can’t sleep?”  Oakley stood in the middle of the kitchen with his arms crossed covering his naked torso.  His jeans were loose on his hips and I could see the indentation of his hip bones.   The way his dark hair that hung to his chin set off his sea-foam green eyes.  I shuddered a little as I thought about how sexy he is. It took two years of practice to keep my heart from skipping a beat when he walked in a room.  We all send off pheromones when we are sexually attracted to someone, and that is a little harder to control.  I would think of Elmo when he was around, nothing like a red furry cute-as-hell monster to cover up your attraction.  Imagine Elmo with his arms crossed in jeans in the middle of your kitchen.  
“No, I’m too restless.”  I couldn’t help but see his pecks flex as he stood there talking to me.  One word ran through my mind…yummy.
“You think coffee is going to help?  I hope that’s decaf,” he said in his Oklahoma drawl.
“I called Josie, she’s on her way over.”
I don’t know if it was me being territorial or he grinned a little when I mentioned her name. I couldn’t help but feel a twinge jealousy over his obvious excitement of seeing her.  She was beautiful with her long curly blonde hair and big brown eyes.  Her rockin’ body didn’t help matters much.  Yeah, I was slightly jealous but I knew he was older and looked at me like a little sister.  
“Is everything okay?  Do you need me to alert the Pack of somethin’?”
“NO!  Lord, we’ll have them all in an uproar.  Everything is fine, I’m just needing help with a vision.  You don’t need to say anything, okay?  If Josie thinks we have to alert anyone, I will.”  I tried my best to keep a calm tone, but even I could feel the stress of my words.
He uncrossed his arms and walked over and pulled me in for a hug.  As my head rested on his chest, a feeling of completeness ran through my body.  In a brief moment of clarity, one word came to mind, mate.  A tap on the door startled me, until I remember Josie was on her way over.
Josie always calms my spirit, but that night she warned me that my vision was indeed a warning and I needed to be leery about someone around me.  Sadly, I was already aware that I needed to keep my guard up.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
ABEL

Pru and I’ve been training for the last week.  She has been teaching me how to block and throw punches.  I’ve been debating telling Pru about the wolf in my yard but she seems really stressed out lately. The neighborhood dogs always alert me when he is around.  Every night he just sits, staring up at my window.  I know Pru will flip out when she finds out I haven’t told her, but I’ll take the risk.
My mom keeps hounding me that it isn’t healthy to hang out with only one girl, I should date around.  I assure her for the zillionth time that we are just friends.  I tell her about Oakley teaching us martial arts, so I have him come over and meet my family.  He is pretty cool to hang out with, but I see how Pru looks at him.  Her eyes follow him when he enters and exits a room; he is oblivious to her attention the attention I’d love to get from her.
Pru keeps telling me that as soon as the snow melts we are going to do a special assignment.  It doesn’t snow in Oklahoma that often, it can snow one day a few inches and the second day it will be a balmy seventy five degrees.  This winter it is different, it snowed and melted and froze and snowed again. For a couple of weeks we have dealt with the worst weather Oklahoma has seen in years.  The ice storms have devastated the small towns, causing power outages and lost wages.  Pru’s family shovels driveways and take fresh baked bread and canned vegetables to the families that don’t have generators. 
I learn that her family has the place set up so that if they are under attack or situations like bad weather, they will be able to survive for a long time.  There is a tech room set up with monitors and several of the Pack members have gone to college to obtain computer-engineering degrees just to help the family.  There are storm shelters, and bunkers full of canned foods and water.  It would make Gary England (the weatherman) envious.  His weather forecasts are the gospel around my house.  You’d think my mom and him were best friends the way she will say “Abel, Gary said it is going to storm tomorrow.  Gary did this, Gary did that.”  I think she secretly harbors a childhood crush on him.


I have my mom drop me off at Pru’s house in Piedsville.  Lately we have been doing a five mile run in the afternoons with Oakley.   I notice that all of the curtains and blinds are closed.  Pru answers the door all mysterious like.  
I smile at her as I enter the dark house. “Hey, are you planning on seducing me?  Where is your mom?”  I set my backpack down in the foyer.
“Yeah, you foiled my evil plan of seducing you on the kitchen table.  Don’t be a dork, just go with it okay.  I have to get you ready for your first shift,” she says as she closes the door and exaggerates her movement as she turns the lock. “Muah ah ha ha ha ha,” she does some freakish attempt to sound like a vampire from the old movies.
“And who is the dork?”  I ask.
“Before you ask, no I didn’t have a vision.  I’ve told you about a dozen times, I won’t tell you when it is going to happen.  If I interfere with the natural order it can screw it up.  You don’t want to turn in to a half mutant do you?” She grinned and rolled her eyes
 “Really?  That can happen?”  I haven’t actually thought about that, well crap.
She rolls her eyes.  “Abel, stop OCD’ing on me.”
She is always calling me OCD.
She reaches in her purse and pulls out a handkerchief.  “I know you are going to find this crazy but I want to blindfold you.”
When a hot girl says they want to blindfold you, what else can you say but okay.  “If that’s what turns you on, by all means do,” I say and suppress a grin at the look on her face.
“Really, that’s how you want to go,” she says and playfully slaps my arm.
I’m not going to lie; it is pretty intoxicating, I think this is a pretty cool game we are going to play.  She ties the handkerchief around my head and squeezes the hell out my nose.
“Are you trying to cut off circulation to my brain?” I try swatting her, but her advantage of sight gave her the opportunity to avoid it.
“Oh, you have brain circulation?  Let me tighten it up a little,” she giggles.  I love her giggle.  “I am going to guide you into the dining room and sit you down.  I don’t want you to reach out; I promise I won’t let you fall.”
“Huh?  Are you going to put me in the dark and make out with me?”  I tease but it won’t bother me if she wants to.
“You might want to take this a little seriously Mr. Knowitall.  We have to work on your senses.  You have to be able to rely on your ability to navigate even if you are blinded.  You have to know how to search for your enemy, your friends, your food.  Okay?”
“I’m the one blind folded sitting at a dining room table; I hope I don’t have to hunt for food.”  I sit down with my hands on the table trying to get my bearings. 
“ABEL!  You have to be serious for a little while okay?”  She demands.
“Okay, I’m sorry,” I finally cede.  She’s so bossy, I think to myself.
I feel her breath on my shoulder, and the heat of her body behind me.  I hear what sounds like a shirt or something with buttons make a little thud as she sets it on the table.  “Pick up the item I put in front of you and take a deep whiff.”
I hold the material to my nose and smell.  “What am I smelling for?  All I smell is fabric softener.”
“Smell it.  Take a deep whiff and don’t exhale until it fills all of your senses.  You’re trying to figure out who it belongs too.”
I lean forward and take another whiff.  I feel a little light headed as everything comes together. I actually feel the material inside of me, I can smell the pheromones on it.  I can hear the person’s voice.  I smell her mom.
“Is this your mom’s shirt?”  I blurted out.
“Really? Is that all you got?”
“What else do you want me to get?  I can smell your mom; I can see her putting it on a hanger after it came out of the dryer.”  I am a little annoyed that she is pushing me, this is my first time to even try to do this and she is acting like I should be an expert.
“Hell, yeah!  I knew you could do it, I knew you were ready!”  I hear her voice going up and down, I’m pretty sure she is jumping up and down.  “Here, who’s is this?”
“Alistar?  It smells like, ah, no offense but it smells like a dog.  I don’t snuggle with him but I’m pretty sure he’s the owner of that smell.”  
“Fo Sho!  Who’s is this?”  She thrust something else in my hand.
“It smells like Julie?  How did you get something from her?  We haven’t been in class since before Christmas.”
“I swiped it on my first day of school.  Bad habit, taking something from my enemy, so I will remember their smell in case we ever have to battle.”
“You’re planning on battling Julie?  Okay, kinda creepy, yet exciting.  I love a cat fight, or is that wolf fight?”
“It’s just a girl thing.  I am so happy Abel.  Thank you for being you!” She wraps her arms around me.
“Sure.  I’m glad you’re you too.”  I really am.  Pru has become my best friend and I’d do anything for her.  
We spent the rest of the evening playing ‘who’s smell is that’ until I finally can’t smell anything else.  It is like walking past that lotion place in the mall; so many scents start to stink after a while. 

Chapter 6. 


Our extended Christmas break is over and she wants me to practice scent identification every day.  I am getting pretty good at it, so good in fact, I can smell the person when they walk in the room.  When you’re in school with so many people all of the time, their scent sort of lingers in every room but each day a person’s scent can be altered.  If they stopped at the 7-11 on the way to school it might smell like hot dogs or gasoline, if their mom hugs them I can smell her.  I am getting a good idea about who is dating whom and who is cheating.   I have imprinted so many scents into my brain and I’m amazed how photographic my memory is over smells.  Oakley told me that it was unbelievable how well I am doing.  Some wolves spend years learning how to recognize scents.
Saturday morning the doorbell rings as I’m walking past the front door.
 “Hey Oak, where’s Pru?”  I don’t know why, but I feel a little stressed.  I can feel Oakley is nervous and I can smell Pru on him.
“Get your tennis shoes on and tell your mom you’ll be back before dinner.”  I see he has his running shoes on and is dressed in jeans and a t-shirt.  He smells like he has been outside all night.  
“Where’re we going?”  I ask.
“Don’t worry about it, just hurry up ok,” he says as he puts a toothpick in his mouth.
My mom came outside and I tell her I am going out with Oakley for a while.  I can see she appreciates his obvious good looks.  Kinda creepy, but whatever.
“See ya later mom, I love you.  Before you ask, I will be home for dinner.”  I open up the passenger door and get a huge whiff of Pru.  Something is up. 
“You wanna have dinner with us Oakley?”  Mom asks.  I see the disappointment when he tells her not tonight and thanks her for asking.
We drive in silence, no music or talking, just silence.  We’d been on I-40 for about 10 minutes and I can’t take it anymore.
“What’s going on Oak?  Where’s Pru?  I can smell her in here and I smell her on you.  Has something happened to her?” 
“Man it takes you a long time to ask questions.  This is a task and that is about all I can say.  Sit back, relax, we’ll be there in about 20 minutes.  We can’t have music on, I need you to clear your head.  Try to focus on Pru, what she looks like, what she smells like, what she sounds like.  Try to eliminate everything else, and think of only her.”
“Um, okay.”
I sit there, thinking of her and her hair, I love her hair.  I think about her body, not sexually, how I like the way she is curvy and how she moves so gracefully.  When she walks, you can’t hear her feet touch the floor.  When she talks, her eyebrows move with so much expression.  When she is teaching, she is so focused, when she is happy, she smiles and giggles.  Pru isn’t perfect, but pretty close.  I hear her voice in my head, that deep sexy tone, the way she says my name, it sends chills down my spine.
“You know, I don’t understand why I have to obey just because you guys tell me to.”
“Don’t worry, soon you won’t have that to worry about.  Stay focused and stop talking.”
“You’re aggravating sometimes.  And bossy.  Have I told you I think you and Pru are bossy?  You are.”  I play punch him in the arm and he pretends it hurt and I go back to thinking about Pru.
We pull off I-40 at some exit I have never heard of.   We are about five miles from the exit when we pull onto a dirt road, which isn’t very good for the Camero.  I feel the suspension getting a work out as we hit crater after crater.   Pru is going to whip his ass when she gets a hold of him if her car is messed up.  The trees start getting thicker and thicker until we are in the woods with nothing else in sight.  I don’t even think we passed a house since getting off the highway.  
After we stop, Oakley gets out and tells me to follow him.
“Hey, Abel.  Thanks for not giving me too much grief over this.  I’m sure it’s hard being told what to do all of the time, but I think you’re a pretty cool dude.  I’m not just sayin’ that because you’re my soon to be Alpha, I really mean it.”  He says as he puts the keys in his pocket.
“Yeah, no problem,” I say, looking around taking in my surroundings.
“The General got a call last night and it has the Pack a little nervous.  I don’t know if they’ve talked to you about the Irish Pack, the O’Connell’s, but their Alpha is on his way to Oklahoma.  He will be here in five days.  I guess there have been some rumors about you going around and he wants to come here and meet you to discuss your Pack pledge issue.”
“First, I don’t know why they have to come in person, couldn’t we just do it online?  I don’t plan on leaving you guys anyway, so he is wasting his money.”
“You’re The Great Wolf, that’s why.  Our history goes back to Ireland, we are all descendants of the Irish Pack.  I’ve never been good at genealogy, but I know that we are all linked.  I think he is worried about you taking over all of the Packs and causing an uproar.  About two weeks ago we sent one of our guys Matt to England for a wedding.  He went out drinking and started running his mouth about you, and how Pru had these visions but you haven’t even shifted yet.  They want to take you to Ireland to train with them.  The General wants to make sure that you aren’t strong armed into pledging to them, it is up to you, and you need to be educated and able to protect yourself.  There have always been rumors about how the Irish Pack wants to put together an army of elite wolves.  You’d be a trophy for them until you change, and then he’d probably try to kill you to keep you from becoming their Alpha.  We have to speed up some of your training to assure them that we are training you the best way and that even if you haven’t changed, you belong here.”  
“Wow, I’m not going with anyone.  They may as well just call this guy and tell him not to bother; it will be a wasted trip.”  I feel my conviction but I’m scared.  
“Good.  That is the attitude you have to keep.  Now we train.  Pru is in these woods, you have to find her.  There are two other members here too, they were dropped off so you wouldn’t smell their car and know who it is.  They will shift back to human form once you spot them and call out their name, correctly.  This is a timed exercise.  You have one hour to find her.  Even if you don’t find them, the exercise is to find her, but there is a bonus if you find all three.  Trust me, you’ll want to find them all.  I will be within shouting distance the whole time, so if you get into any trouble I’m here.  Ready?  Doesn’t matter if you are or not.  Go!”
“What the hell?  You’re telling me to go find three wolves and I don’t know who two of them are?”  I look around into the woods, I think I hear someone cough straight ahead.
“You just going to stand there and whine?  Go! Now!”  Oakley demands.
So the next thing I know I am running through the woods trying to find three wolves.  Oakley shouts out for me to focus on her scent and try to figure out who else is out here.  Fan freakin’ tastic.  
I freeze, kneel down and sniff.  I smell someone.  I know I know that smell.    I just breathe deeper and realize it is Aaron.  I run through the trees stopping every so often to sniff.  I feel eyes on me so I turn around to look up and on a big boulder is a reddish wolf staring at me.
“Aaron!  I found Aaron!”  I shout as loud as I can.  Oakley said he would be in shouting distance but I haven’t seen him one time.  I haven’t heard him either. Right then the good old Oklahoma wind kicks up and I catch a stream of Pru’s scent.  I run as fast as I can, finally when I think my lungs are going to explode, I spot her.
“Pru!  Hell yeah!  Pru!”  She sure doesn’t look like a wolf to me.  She has on gym shorts and a tank top.  I run over to her, pick her up and swing her around.  
“I knew you could do it.  You still have one more to find.  I’ll meet you back where you started.  Good luck friend.”  And off she runs.
It is another fifteen minutes before I pick up another scent.  I smell Parker.  
“Ah ha!  It’s Parker I’m looking for!  Come out come out wherever you are.”
“Take a better whiff, it isn’t Parker,” Oakley said right behind me.
“Dude you scared the crap out of me.  I know what I smell, and Parker is here.”
He takes a deep breath and he agrees with me that Parker has indeed been in the woods but he isn’t who I am looking for.  I jog through the woods zig zagging around until finally I am about to give up when I catch Dolly’s scent.  She isn’t far, I can sense her, I can actually feel her wanting me to find her.  I can feel her warmth, the feeling of caring and concern.  Through the corner of my eye I spot her smiling at me, she too isn’t in wolf form but I can tell she just shifted because her clothes are all twisted up on her.
“Dolly!  You’re pretty slick, I thought I was looking for two of the guys.  I see how you are.”  I give her a hug, she is just a huggable kind of person.
I run back to the Camero with Dolly right behind me.  
We all high five and knuckle bump.  Dolly holds her hand out to me and drops a set of keys into my hand.  She tells me that the Pack wants me to have a vehicle to get around town in, and they couldn’t imagine me driving anything but a Mustang GT.  What the what?  
“I hope candy-apple red is your color,” Dolly says.
“What?  You’re kidding me right?  Ah, man this is awesome.  I love it,” I do love it.  I stand there staring at it, practically jumping up and down inside my own skin. “I can’t accept it. My parents will never let me keep it.  Thank you so much but I can’t.”  I hand her back the keys. She tells me how Pru and she had talked to my parents about it, and they are okay with it.  My parents?  
“Do you love it?” Pru is jumping around me like a cracked out flying monkey.  “I hope you like it. I know how much you love my car, but one time you were talking about the new Mustang coming out, and how awesome it was going to be.  My dad was able to get one before they are released to the public.  I’m sad about it because I won’t get to come pick you up, but I’m so happy for you.”  She put her arms around me and gives me a hug.  “We have so much work to do; this is going to make it easier for us.”
There is one thing a man never forgets, their first adult magazine, and their first car.  Both exciting, and both life altering. 
The ride to Pru’s house in Piedsville is amazing.  I can’t believe this is all mine, I think to myself.   Everyone in the Pack come over for a cookout which means a feast is cooked on the grill.  Everything is great until the General calls me into the house to have a talk.  All good things must come to an end.
“This isn’t going to take long.  I want to make sure you aren’t overwhelmed with everything going on,” he says to me.   He takes us into a room I’ve never been in, “sit,” he points to one of the leather chairs. 
“No, everything is great.  Thank you so much for the car, it’s really awesome.”  I look around awkwardly trying not to stare him in the eye.
“Good, glad you like it.  I want you to live, eat, and breathe training.  Oakley and you are going to amp up the training.  If I can advise anything that would be, don’t show weakness.  Always stand for what you believe in, and fake it if you don’t.  Find the answer once you’re able.  Any questions?”  He takes a long drink on his amber liquid filled glass.  
“No sir, but if I come up with any, I’ll be sure to ask,” I say nervously.
“You do that.  Oakley is waiting for you.  Work hard but play harder.”  He picks up a remote control and a television rises up out of a cabinet along the wall. 
When I get there, Oakley is standing in the doorway to the gym, dressed to fight. This isn’t going to be good.  
“Ready to fight?”  He flashes me a big toothy grin as he starts hopping from foot to foot like boxers do.
“Huh?  I’m not fighting you, are you crazy?”  I stand there with my mouth open in awe that he wants me to fight him.
“Abel, Abel, Abel, you have to learn how to fight for real.”  Oakley puts his hand on my shoulder telling me the rules of fighting with wolves and leads me to a mat.  “You have to learn how to watch your opponent and know what their next move is; you have to know who to kill and who to hurt.  Don’t think that if they’re a girl you can go easy on them.  If it is a wolf, they are a hunter and a fighter and they won’t go easy on you.  In our world the gender doesn’t matter as much.  Our first priority is our Alpha, we fight to protect him at all cost.  We play hard, we fight harder.  Remember we are wolves so if you look another wolf in the eye for longer than 15 seconds, you’re challenging them, so you’re instigating a fight.  Never stare the Alpha in the eye, it is forbidden.  You’ll be hurt by the Pack if you do.  The Alpha can challenge any wolf he chooses, he doesn’t even have to do the fighting if he doesn’t want too, the rest of the Pack will back him up.  When you meet the O’Connell’s, you can’t stare them in the eye.  Keep your shoulders back and your spine straight, no sign of submission.  You’re the Great Wolf so you have to show leadership quality.  If you don’t do it from the beginning, it will be hard to respect you. You’ll earn your respect in our Pack since Pru has seen who you are, we don’t question her visions, and we can sense it on you anyway.  Take off your shoes, you get to try and kick me in the head.  Good luck.”  He does a back flip and lands in a fighting stance.
“Show off,” I say and throw my first punch.   He catches my hand and pulls it up behind my back.  It’s going to be a long day.  I think to myself.
The rest of the day is me being blocked and knocked to the ground.  I had to balance on a balance beam and kick a balloon he held in his hand.  Finally I am saved by Pru when she stands in the doorway staring at Oakley with her wide gray eyes.  She isn’t there to check on me, it is to enjoy the show.  It is hard to watch her watch him, but I can’t make someone feel something for me if they don’t.  
Before I leave, I stop to talk to Parker.
“Hey man, I am wondering about something.  Were you in the woods today?”
Parker shakes his head no and leans up against the wall like he is bored.
“Funny, but they were intent on finding some woods that you guys don’t run in, but I could smell you out there.  Are you following me?”
“Interesting question, following you?  Let’s just say, I run where I want.  I think your mom is expecting you for dinner.  Drive safe.”  He turned and walked out of the room. 
Oh Parker has a way of pissing me off with his attitude, why do they keep him around?  I can feel it, one day I am going to punch him… hopefully I’ll get better at fighting because if I tried that right now, I’d have to run for my life.  He scares me just a little… all that I have heard about him being unstable and all.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
It is going to be hard to explain to my mom the nurse how I got so many bruises, good thing it is still a little cold outside so my long sleeves and jeans will cover up most of them.  I have some scratches on my face from running through the woods but I’ll tell her we went hiking.
‘Hey mom, I’m home, told ya I’d be home for dinner.” I walk over to her and give her a kiss.  “That smells good, is Allie here?  I smelled her perfume when I came in.”
“She is, don’t stress her out okay, her boyfriend and her got in a fight and she wanted to come home for the weekend.  Did they give you something today?”
“Huh?  Give me something?  What?”  She is easy to fool.
“Oh, never mind.” She pulls a lasagna from the oven.
“The Mustang?  Yeah, it’s so cool, after dinner let me take you on a drive, we’ll go cruisin’ and you’ll be my date.”  It’s going to be so hard to leave her one day.  My throat clenched up and the heaviness in my chest feels like an elephant.  How am I going to break her heart?  It is going to hurt her so much, who am I kidding; I’m going to miss times like this.
“I didn’t know it was a Mustang, they just asked if they could give you a car.  At first dad and I were against it, but they said they were getting a good deal on a car and knew how good of a friend you are being to Pru.  Is it new?”
We talked while I set the table.  Allie came down the stairs and I see she had been crying.  
“Hey Cat, you flunk out of school?”  It is easy to get her goat.
“No, can you not be a jack ass for five minutes?” She flopped herself in a chair and of course she doesn’t do anything to help get things ready for dinner.  When she is in one of her moods, nothing can make her happy.  It looks like she is in one of those moods.  
“Mom and I are going out cruising later, you wanna come with?  Oh yeah, mom, can you take a look at this scratch on my forehead and see if I need some of that tape they use instead of stitches?”
“What scratch?  I don’t see anything except some dirt, you might want to go wash it off, we’re about to eat.”  
I run up to my room, after looking in the mirror I realize she is right, I don’t have any scratches.  I pull up my pant legs to see if I still have all of the bruises from kicking and falling off the balance beam.  Nothing.  I send Pru a text telling her that I’m healing from the fighting session today. 
Werewolves have a remarkable healing ability.  You’ll never find a were wearing glasses or a cast for more than a week.  I hear they only wear a cast to make sure it lines up straight if it’s a major break.  If they are in a car accident they are usually healed before the ambulance arrives.  There is a were stationed at every major doctor office practice and every hospital and lab.  It is to ensure blood samples are run only for things that wouldn’t give away our genetic code.  Apparently high cholesterol doesn’t run in weres, even though they eat so much meat.  But they can get arthritis; all of the running is hard on their hips and spine from all of the rough and tumble play fighting.  It isn’t as debilitating as it is for humans but they still have to take a little Tylenol for it.  I’ve seen a couple of the guys had hangovers every once in a while, but they party hard.
I grab the keys and yell out I’ll meet them in the car.  My car!  I can’t believe it is all mine.  Allie decided she is going with us, she crawls into the back seat fussing about how cramped it is.  Mom flipped through the stations finding one dedicated to Prince.  She made us listen to his music my entire childhood and I know every word to every song.    Dad is always working so he misses out on a lot of the family stuff, but we have a strong bond and he doesn’t make me listen to Prince. 


Chapter 7.  


PRU

My dreams had become more vivid since the announcement of the O’Connell Pack coming for a visit.  Dad was on edge and the rest of the Pack was irritated with the whole situation.  We had meeting after meeting about the training of Abel. His abilities were coming on faster and if we didn’t get him trained the right way, he could become some type of soulless rogue wolf that would have to be hunted and killed by their own Pack just to keep him from harming humans.
Everyone was assigned a task to train him.  We put up a big grease board with names and assignments along with length of time expected for completion of the task.  Josie came out to the house to stay and help me make heads or tails of some of my journals.  It was hard enough on me having the dreams but it was difficult when I had to relive them just to figure them out.  My dreams are like anyone else’s dreams but I journal them so I don’t forget.  Even after journaling I do forget sometimes, until I read the words and sit in a quiet space trying to bring up the feelings and the memory.  It has been such a huge part of my life it comes fairly easy to me, yet it can take valuable time.  
Abel’s death has been weighing heavily on my mind and I wanted to clarify by rereading the journals to make sure we didn’t miss anything in the messages. Have you ever wondered what it would be like to be the cause of someone’s death?  I’ve put some thought into it a lot over the last several weeks.  When I originally wanted to be the trainer for Abel, I didn’t know him…. Now things are different, I know his family, and friends, I’ve even had a chance to become friends with his sister.  I was questioning myself, is it the best way to handle him?  I had taken a dream walk to discuss with Quinney the different options, and to find what would be the most spiritual way to end a life.  I wanted it to be as easy on his mom and sister as I could make it.  It had occurred to me I too would have to openly grieve so I wouldn’t look like a cold-hearted friend.  
My dream with Quinney took place at a very quiet pond, the grass was green, the sun was out and one bird sat in a tree chirping.  To me, the place looked like an old movie set with a fake pond and a back drop, maybe he used one from TV to make this area.  
“Quinney!”  I ran over and hugged him.
He held me out at arm’s length looking at me like a proud father.  “Prudence, you’re even more stunning today than the last time I saw that beautiful smile.  What troubles your heart dear?”  His Irish accent made everything sound so exotic. 
We held hands as we walked around the creepy pond that was so still, no movement of fish or bugs and its weird food-coloring colors.  
“Quin, the O’Connell’s are on their way to Oklahoma in hopes of taking the future wolf with them.  I’m trying to ease him into a shift, but that is much easier said than done.  What can I do?  Any advice?”  
“Pru, I believe we need to help you first.  You’re not going to be any help to your family or this young man’s family if you’re unable to be clear minded.  Have you been meditating?” 
 Still holding his hand and keeping pace as his long legs made me feel as though I was at a slow jog.  “Yes, probably not as often as I should but yes I have.  Josie brought over some smudge sticks and I’ve been cleansing the house every evening before I go to bed.”
“Hmmmm, have you aligned your chakras lately?”  He asked as he came to a stop and a blanket was laid out on the plush green grass.  “Sit.”  He motioned me to come sit in front of him.
“What do my chakras have to do with anything?  I wish we could bring Abel into the dream, he is the one that could use an alignment.  Can you dream walk on him and align him?”  I’d never thought to ask if he could help me with the spiritual guidance for Abel.
I sat with my hands out in front of me palms down, Quin put his hands under mine with his palms up, we weren’t touching but we were thriving off each other’s energy.
“Prudence, I’m going to give you a list of things to do to align your chakras, you’re talented enough to perform it for your friend.  It has been delightful seeing you again.  Please tell that gorgeous friend Josie she still owes me one and I miss her.”  He leaned and kissed me on both cheeks.  “Sorry darlin’, I have a polo match to attend.  You’ll be fine, much love.”
Well, that sure wasn’t as helpful as I’d hoped.  Didn’t anybody understand…I need help?  I can’t do it all by myself and I wanted to talk to someone who has ever done it this way.  The more I was around Abe, the more I realized his family holds onto a strong spiritual faith, so he really is more grounded than I give him credit for.  Quin was right, I need to align my chakras and then see what I can do for Abe.  
I tip toed down the hall to sit at the counter and write down my action plan for tomorrow and then beddy bye time for me.
Every time I had been around Abel I grew deeper involved in his journey to become the Great Wolf.  Even as absurd as it sounds sometimes, having werewolves walking amongst the humans, we are real.  Look at the guys on those fighting circuits that are flamboyant and bigger than life personalities, weres.  Nancy Grace, she is vigilante for justice, you know why?  Were.  Simon Cowell, the guy who was a judge on American Idol, were.  Famous weres run the gamut at keeping the secret. We’re all over the world, but there aren’t enough of us to help everyone.  We pray once the Great Wolf rises we’ll come together and use our strengths for the bettering of human kind.  Most myths are based on some type of truth, bent, but still the truth.  Maybe not so much the Easter bunny but the supernatural world is alive (so to speak) and well all around us.  Although Abel knew of his demise, he would not be privy to how it would happen.  I had to figure out a way for him to die that wouldn’t consist of an autopsy. That would render him the Dead Great Wolf.
Abel’s ability to heal quickly ruled out any obvious accidents.  We all agreed a suicide would be too traumatic on the family and could cause a negative effect on all of them.  Living with “what if’s” would only cause the grieving process to be prolonged.  I picked up the book When Bad Things Happen To Good People, to get a grasp of the process they would go through.  I had been born amongst the werewolves, I knew no other way of life, or death if truth be told.  Most weres just happened and were found by Pack members or brought to our attention by some other supernatural type of being.  So what was I going to do?
I had been sitting on the back deck enjoying the mild evening, listening to the limbs crack and pinecones fall.  The back door opened and Oakley came and stood over me, his scent was all man, his cologne was intoxicating…. Oh he is another problem on my growing list. Sigh.
“Hey girl” His cute accent making it sound more like ‘heyyyy girrrrrl’.  
“Hey back atcha, you tired of listening to everyone freak out about the visitors?”  I knew we all were just wishing we could hurry it up and be done with it.
He sat down with one swift motion, not making any noise except the deck creaking under his weight.  “I was worried about you.  I know you’ve been taking on a lot lately and I know this is just adding to the stress.”  He reached across the table and put his hand over mine.  I was use to boys touching me, but I wasn’t use to the electricity that sparked between us.  I knew he felt it to because he flinched ever so slightly.
“Hey, what’s a little stress, only the biggest baddest pack wolves in the world have decided to come and figure out if we really have the Great Wolf and to strong arm us around.  Nah, no stress for me,” I say and drop my head onto the table in an over dramatic slump.
“Well, if it’s any consolation to you, everyone is a little stressed about the situation.  I don’t think anyone has doubts about Abel, I just think they are worried he isn’t ready to come face to face with them.  They have a way of being obnoxious self-righteous asses and will without a doubt intimidate him, but with a little forewarning to him on our part will help ease the situation along.”  He stopped to take a sip of his root beer.  “He isn’t stupid, he just has to learn our politics.  All they are here to do is sniff our asses and try to make themselves sound like it would be better to live in Ireland.  Your dad isn’t going to let them get too far with that.  The General is one bad ass wolf and your mom?  Well, I pity the fool that goes up against them.  I will send Abel a text later and see if he can come over and go over some mug shots with us.  I figure if I show him some of their profile pics, and go over their different positions within their pack, it will help.”
“That’s a great idea.  I don’t know if his mom will let him back out of the house tonight though.  His sister is in town and they are all about the family time and no outsiders.  I don’t really blame them, it will be good for them to make some memories together. You know?”  I took a sip of my coke and looked out into the trees.  I thought I’d heard something but I didn’t smell anyone.  
“I guess he’ll have to sneak out.  I’ll send him a text to let him know to meet me at the little park by his house. It’s too risky having him out and about alone anyway.”
“Of course,” I wink at him and he winked back.  My heart was going to explode.  “I’ve got something I want to run past you.” He leaned in to me in agreement so I went on.  “I’ve been thinking about Abel and how he should, ah, you know, die.  What do you think would be the best way for me to do it?  Should I just break his neck when we’re doing some martial arts?”
“Nah, I think that’s too risky.  We want you to stay in contact with the family in the future, and we don’t want them to blame you.  I think you’ll have to come up with something a little more natural if you get my drift.”  Did he really just say his drift?  Okay, that was a little old fashioned.  He must have been watching too many reruns on Nick at Night.
“Good point.  I just keep thinking about it and I don’t know.  I didn’t plan on liking him.  Not like ‘that’ just you know, I like him.  I like his family and I don’t want to tell my parents I’m stressed about it or they’ll think I’m too young and assign it to another pack member.  I just don’t know what to do.”  Maybe I was just sleep deprived I thought.  I sounded so whiney I was annoying myself.  “I’m sorry, I’m not trying to be a whiney ass, I’m just trying to make sure I do the right thing.  I’ve spent my entire existence knowing I’d find him and now I just want to make sure it all goes right.  I’m afraid the O’Connell’s will convince him to go with them and then everything will be for naught,” I say as I head for the door.  Oakley came up from behind putting his arms around me.  He bent his head over and I could feel his breath on my ear.  
“Pru, don’t stress about it.  You’ll figure it out.  I promise.” He lightly squeezed and released me but not before Josie came to the door and saw us.  I smelled her tension so I’d been right in thinking she was attracted to Oakley.  Great, just what I needed.
There was so much I didn’t know about her.  I mean, really, Oakley is 22 and she had to be around 40.  She flirted so much with all of the guys, it didn’t seem she had her sights on him until I mentioned thinking he was cute to her one time when we went swimming.  She grew up in Oklahoma City, she was raised by her mother, and was secretive about her dad.  I’d asked my mom about it one time but she told me it wasn’t any of my concern.  It wasn’t that I didn’t trust her, I did, and I just knew something wasn’t being said.


Abel snuck out of his house and met with Oakley and me as we looked over picture after picture and drilled into his head who everyone was in the pack.  We told him about the different affairs, wolves are horn dogs not much different than regular dogs.  Although there are mates for life, there is also mate just to mate and it wasn’t frowned upon.  It sounds worse than it really is, but we live together all of the time.  We don’t inbreed like dogs do, we are part human so we know who is our brother, cousin or parents and all of it was off limits.  It wasn’t unheard of for the Alpha to find an omega and mate or when another pack was in town for the Alpha to offer one of his for the other Alpha to enjoy running with for the night.  I was special in the pack so no one tried mating with me, probably because I didn’t send out the pheromones that I was willing to mate with anyone yet.  Civilized packs lived as such but when you traveled and ran across rogue wolves or other packs, they had some skank low lives.
We played a flash card game with all of the key players so Abel would catch on.  For every right answer he got a gas card to help fuel up his tank.  He worked really hard and I knew he was getting fatigued but we had to make sure he was armed with info.
“Hey Abe, you ready for us to take you home?  You’re looking a little tired.”
We all said good night and drove him to the end of the street.
I turned and looked at Oakley, “Do you smell that?”  I took a big whiff out the window and he did too.
“It smells like Parker.  Was he over here tonight Abe?”  
“No, but I’ve been meaning to ask you about that.  What is his beef with me?  Ever since the first night I found out about the werewolf stuff, he has been coming and lurking around the neighborhood.  Hell, the dogs don’t even make as much of a hissy fit over him anymore.  I don’t think they like him but they don’t howl as much as they did when he first came around.  You’ve seemed a little tense so I haven’t said anything.  It’s not like he has done anything, I figured no foul no harm.”
“What the hell Abel!  I wish you would have told us.  You can’t keep secrets like that from me.  I’m going to find out what he’s doing here.  I wondered where he was running to.  Dad had said he wasn’t staying out there at night and had got a small house on the outskirts of Yukon.  That slimy good for nothing mutt.  I’m going to kick his ass.” Like it or not, it was about time for a good ass kickin’.
“Slow down there Sparky,” Oakley said to me.
“Oh no you didn’t, you just called me Sparky, and I’ll kick your ass too.  I’m going for a run!”  I hopped out of the car and shifted before either of them could stop me.  
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 
ABEL

Just what I need, dog fights going on outside my window.  When Pru got serious she means business.  Oakley said bye to me and before I knew it he is naked outside his truck and off he ran after her.  I am trying to get in the window before Allie realizes I’m not home.  
I pull the screen closed and lowered the window but not all the way down because I want to hear what is going on outside.  I am beginning to like the enhanced me, the one that can see in the dark, hear everything and smell like a bloodhound.  Too bad I didn’t use any of those new senses when I crawled in the window.  
“So, you wanna tell me why you’re coming through the window at 2 in the morning?”  Allie asked.
“Hey Allie, would you believe me if I said I just wanted some fresh air?”  I kick off my shoes and go to sit down to brace myself for the sister dialogue.  “Why are you sitting in the dark?”
“Well, I guess I’m sitting in the dark because my dumbass little brother disappeared.  I came in his room to talk to him, so I’ve been sitting and waiting for his sorry butt to get home for the last hour.  I was about to go get mom up and tell her you are missing but lucky for you this huge-ass dog was out there I’ve been keeping an eye on him in case he tried to get you.  Back to the question.  Where have you been?  That girl Pru?”
“You about gave me a heart attack Allie.  They were having a get together at their house and I wanted to go, but I knew mom wouldn’t let me with you here so I went anyway.  When did you become the Abel police?”  I bounced to a sitting position on the bed and threw my arm around her.  She feels so skinny.  “Aren’t you eating?  Don’t try telling me your fat, we both know you’re not.”
“If you like this girl so much, why didn’t you just take me with you?  Mom would have let you go if I were going with you, I’m an angel.”  She makes her best innocent angel face.  “The skinny part is kinda what I came home for.  I’ve not been feeling well, look at my neck.  I think I had a tick bite or something, I’ve been feeling sick every time I try to eat.”  She holds up her hair where I see a small puncture wound at the nape of her neck.
“Maybe it’s a spider bite.  Maybe you’ll be spider woman,” I say, but I think it might be something worse.
“You’re a dork.”  We both fall back on the bed and giggled.  I miss laughing with my sister.  She has changed over the last two years, I like her, despite her temper tantrums.
We sit up talking the rest of the night, falling asleep on my full sized bed.  We have slept in the same bed every Christmas Eve giggling and waiting for our parents to go to bed since we were little, we couldn’t wait to see what Santa brought us… I guess two months ago on Christmas would have been our last time.  Man, this part sucks.
I send Pru a message when I get up to let her know I am up and about.  One thing about wolves, they sleep late.  I guess they ran so much at night they collapsed in exhaustion from what Pru has told me.  I send her another message asking if it will be okay if Allie came over there with me.  
After a few texts back and forth, she finally agrees.  
On our way over to Pru’s house, Allie starts asking me why their family would buy me such an extravagant gift.  I knew it was going to cause some eyebrow raising but we all agreed that it was going to be believed my parents gave me the car so people wouldn’t talk about it.  With Allie living in the same family as me, she knew where it came from.
“I have no idea Al.  I tried to turn it down but they insisted.  You can drive it if you want.  I don’t mind at all.  You wanna drive it?”  
“No, I just want to make sure they aren’t holding it over your head or something.  I didn’t know if you’re sworn to marry their daughter or something.  None of my friends’ parents have ever given me anything more than a birthday card so it’s a little freaky.”  She pulls out some lip stuff smearing it on.
“Trust me; Pru isn’t interested in me as anything other than a friend, much less wanting to be married to me.  You’ll like her family, just know they’re a little rough and tumble, they horse around a lot.  So don’t get all weird on me when we start working out, I can take it, I might not look it but I’m in fantastic shape.”  We pull in the driveway and park behind Oakley’s truck.
“I was going to tell you that you look like you are getting kinda buff. Not in a creepy way, I just noticed you didn’t look like my little brother anymore.  More like my big brother.”  We stop laughing long enough to ring the bell. 


Chapter 8.


PRU

It was hard to admit, but I was a little jealous of Allie the first time she came over to my house.  When I saw Abel and her together it reminded me of how normal siblings are.  I could tell they had history together and there weren’t any big secrets they had to guard.  Or at least there wasn’t any big secrets they had to guard prior to coming over.
All of my training up to that point was directed at preparing Abel for his shift, understanding my dreams, protecting our name and family but it hit me like a ton of bricks that he was going to miss his family.  I couldn’t live the rest of my life without talking to my mom or dad and now I expected him to do it and to trust me to be the one to take his life.  It was up to me to be the go between for him and the communication with his family.  It was bad enough with the threat of the O’Connell’s and now I had to go and like his sister.
It wasn’t too bad having Allie around, she didn’t seem to mind the ass kicking of her brother and was pretty good herself at blocking and kicking.  We had a good time up until Abel kicked Oakley so hard it threw him into one of the walls.  It blew up, between me feeling Oak’s invisible shackles going up and Jason turning around to round kick Abel. Allie jumped on Jason’s back, Abel side stepped Jason’s kick causing him to be off balance. Jason flipped Allie over to the mat, she bench pressed him off of her, and got to a standing position in one fluid movement.  Everyone in the house had piled into the doorway and basically everyone stopped and stared at the skinny girl who just took down a werewolf single handedly.  That is when crowd control in the form of a Pack Alpha came in handy.
Silently my dad was giving hand signals to everyone to step down.  Josie ran over to Allie to see if she was okay and about that point is when we all realized we had to act normal and not let her know something was up with us.  One thing we couldn’t get our minds around was how did she do that.  How in the hell did she do that?  A very good question, and one that was going to be interesting trying to answer.  As usual it was my job to get to the bottom of it and figure things out.
Abel was the one that gathered composure and he checked on his sister and then he came over to see if I had any idea what was going on.  Everyone was laughing and having a good chuckle but I was a little worried.  Cat didn’t seem phased by any of it, she didn’t question our strength and she didn’t want to quit with the training.  We spent the rest of the time fighting and testing reflexes.  Abel’s reflexes were off the charts, you would have thought he had been a trained gymnast with all of the tumbling he did and how fast he was to miss a punch.  The other incredible thing about him was he instinctively followed my dad’s symbols and could send signals out just as fast.  Most bitten weres don’t fit into a Pack without a mentor to train them, and it usually took a year or two before they start recognizing the signals. They for sure couldn’t send out signals another Pack member would pay any attention too.  Abel was a natural, and everyone paid attention, except you know who.  Parker, mister contrary himself.  It amazed me he was still in the Pack with his attitude but he managed to sweet talk my mom and my dad into keeping him.  It was going to be interesting to see how he would do with Abe being the Great Wolf since his insubordination was enough to get him killed via Pack law. With the O’Connell’s coming, they would see it as rogue actions and kill him themselves. 
It didn’t seem like things were going to get any easier until the next morning when we woke up and there was a note from Parker saying he was going to be gone for a while.
Dear Pack Master Phelan,
In light of the current situation I have decided to take on a hunting expedition that some friends on Facebook have invited me to.  I hope when I get back we can talk.
Parker
Sadly, I felt relieved.  After talking with Abel he confirmed Parker didn’t say anything to him, it looked like things may be looking up.  Me being a child of not looking a gift horse in the mouth, I accepted it rather quickly.
My dad called an emergency Pack meeting to discuss all of the events in the last few days.  The one issue that was on everyone’s mind was Allie.  How did she react the way she did and not get hurt.  How did she predict the movements and how did she flip him over?  Everyone agreed we didn’t think she was were as we couldn’t smell it on her at all.  So it was decided Abel would have to be made aware of our suspicions of Allie and let him find out himself.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
ABEL

The impending arrival of the O’Connell’s is starting to wear on my nerves.  We have trained, I’ve had my butt kicked about a hundred times a day and I kicked some were butt about 100 times a day.  All of the fighting only makes me hungry; I can’t get enough to eat.  My mom keeps saying I am having a growth spurt but I want to tell her I’m burning about 10,000 calories a day between running and fighting.  We do drills of flash cards with every Pack member from the Phelan Pack to the Luthuli Pack of South Africa.  I have memorized every smell both enjoyable and disgusting within a fifty mile radius of both Phelan properties.  I’m exhausted, yet exhilarated, maybe being an over achiever helps when you’re The Great Wolf.  It still made me laugh on the inside any time they spoke of TGW, because I’m just a kid from an average home with an average life and now I’m expected to be extraordinary in a short amount of time.
Allie isn’t sleeping at night. She just wants to sleep all day and will get up at dinner time.  Mom is always telling her if she would stop sleeping all day maybe she would be able to fall asleep at night.  Mom offered Allie an over-the-counter sleep aid, she gave her chamomile tea, and she made us listen to mood music piped through the sound system in the house.  Allie is still wired at night.  She likes that I don’t do much sleeping at night but for crying out loud, I do sleep and no matter what, I have to go to school. I have to get up in the mornings while sleeping beauty catches some z’s.  
Pru had come to me about Allie and wanted to know if I noticed anything different about her.  Well, minus the sleeping I didn’t really see any difference.  Her appetite is about the same if not better (she at least ate some meat now.  I don’t trust salad eaters).  It is getting obvious the Pack thought something more was going on with Allie but they aren’t discussing it with me.  They want my energy focused on training.  
The final bell rings, I grab my backpack and practically run out to my car. I click the remote, I’m meeting up with Oakley for a run in a few minutes.  Next to me is a black SUV I’ve never seen here before. A man gets out and walks over to me putting his hand on my shoulder. I muffled a scream (I scare easy, I can’t help it), I turn around and I’m face to face with the Pack Alpha from Ireland.  Great, just what I need, more drama, he is a day early. 
I hold my right hand to the Alpha and say “Hello sir, you must be Mr. O’Connell, I’m Abel, and it’s nice to make your acquaintance” a little formal I know, but I didn’t expect to meet him when no one else was around and in the school parking lot.  I know that schools are off limits from fighting, too risky with kids around.  Where is Pru when I really need her? 
Emotionless he stood, all six feet of him, shoulders back and face stern, and then he busted out laughing, his blue eyes full of life.  He took my hand and said, “Nice to meet you chap, I’ve waited a long time… the pleasure is all mine.”
It isn’t going so bad, except I have nothing else to say.  What do you discuss with the biggest baddest wolf in the world?  Hey, I hear you can take down a were with your mind, is it true?  No, I didn’t feel that to be worthy of talking about either, where oh where are my little wolf friends, dammit leaving me alone with the big bad wolf.  They suck.
Pony tail bouncing I see Pru bopping down the stairs of the school, she looks my way and she turns so pale her freckles all disappeared.  She gave a quick excuse to her friends and runs over to me.  
“Hi Mr. O’Connell, it’s been a long time.”  Pru reached out shaking his hand.  “Speaking of time, we need to get home.” She looked at me and said, “You ready?  I’ve got a paper to get done, you know me, the study queen.” 
He put his hand on her shoulder and pulled her in for a big bear hug, “Pru, you’re so lovely, just like your mother.  How are your parents?  I’m sure they’ve heard about my travels to the States.  I can’t wait to see them again.”
“Yes sir.  Abel is about to give me a ride home if you’d like to follow us.”  
She jerks open the door to the Mustang, plops down in the passenger seat saying a few cuss words to herself. “Pru, you know you have your car here right?”  I look at her like she is nuts.
“Yes, I know where my car is, but I’m here to protect you. I can come back later and get the car.”  She leans back and slips her seat belt on.  “Hurry and back up or he is going to think we are discussing him and we don’t want him to think there is a chink in our command or training.”
She drives me crazy how calm cool and collected she can be when there is a demented, crazed, Irish Alpha following us and we are just two teenagers one of which is a werewolf and the daughter of the most powerful Pack in the Midwest and there is me, the supposed great wolf of the world.  I told my brain to stop stressing and concentrate on getting us to Choctaw.
“Well hell!”  Pru yells out.
“What, what?  Did I miss a turn?”
“No¸ I left my cell phone in my gym bag, which happens to be in my locker.  I kind of flipped when I saw him with you through the locker room window so I rushed to get outside.  Let me have yours.  Please tell me you have it with you.”
“Yeah, it’s in the glove box.  I threw it in there at lunch today.  Hey, it’s okay you can stress but don’t holler out like that, it kinda scared the shit out of me.  Hey can you get my pike pass? You know those Oklahoma turnpikes like their money.”
Pru calls her dad and the Pack isn’t surprised to hear the O’Connell’s showed up early.  They expected it.  
“Man, how many people does he have with him, there are three SUVs behind me.  I thought they kept their Pack small.”
“They do keep it small, for an Irish Pack.  But I’m sure they brought some other supernatural friends as back up if they think you won’t go with them.”
I feel my heart rate increasing, I take a couple of deep breaths and ask the question of the moment.  “What kind of supernaturals?”

Chapter 9. 

PRU

Damn, I didn’t expect Patrick to show up at the school, he has a way of making surprise entrances.  Everyone was waiting for us with a few exceptions, a couple of the Pack will be stationed in various positions around the perimeters to assure other supernaturals that the O’Connell’s may or may not have brought with them will be dealt with before they break into our barriers.  A couple of witches from a local coven have helped by setting a few perimeter spells that will notify the Pack of a breach.  It really isn’t anything new, the coven requests herbs for their magic and we need extra security. The coven leader Michael came to Oklahoma from Ireland about the same time my grandfather came over and the two forged a peaceful relationship.  
“Abe, as far as other supernaturals, I’m guessing they’ll have a few tricks up their sleeves.  Patrick swears they only rely on their Pack for protection but we aren’t fools nor fool enough to believe it.  I’m not sure what type he has with him, but he is known to travel with a banshee, and that still baffles us as to why.  There will be at least one or two faeries with him, not the cute little Disney kind either, they can be very unpleasant and perfect spies.  Fairies can’t break the barriers of witch’s spells so we are protected, however he can sneak one in the house disguised as a Pack member.”
“What the what?  A faerie can be disguised as a Pack member?  How in hell can they do that?”  He flung his head back a little overly dramatic but I’m sure it was too much for him to take in.   
 “It depends on what kind he has with him, some have become extinct but there are still some very rare species out there.  They’re like little tricky characters, some are good, but I can guarantee he doesn’t travel with the good ones.  If he has captured one of the rarest then you can be sure they can only survive on the blood of a child.  It’s complicated, to say the least.”  I put the cell on the charger.
“Blood of kids?” 
“Yeah, creepy huh?  My dad said in the old days you could find them on playgrounds waiting for a kid to hurt themselves so they would bleed.  If it didn’t happen fast enough they would conveniently cause the child to fall by tripping or pushing them.  They would be so small most people thought they were a little gnat but it was a faerie bathing in the blood.  If it is in human form they have to have significant amounts of blood to sustain their disguise.  They find a lost child or a street kid and take them and fatten them up just to kill them and drain the blood.  They’re crafty by setting it up to drain the blood into plastic bags like the blood banks do and can drink a bag a week to keep their disguise going.”
“Then why don’t they just go to a blood bank and steal blood from them, they wouldn’t have to kill a kid to do that.”  His face showed the stress he was obviously feeling.
“First part of that answer is, you have to be 18 to donate blood.  Second, it has to be the blood of a virgin, most 18 year olds aren’t virgins anymore.  At least they won’t spill the blood of a non-virgin, they have a little taste first.  If you consider that good.”  I was trying to prove there was a bright side to the story.
I put my head back on the head rest thinking about this chink in our training.  I couldn’t wait to see Oakley, he was going to be upset we were approached at school.  Abel seemed like he was okay, at first he look scared but now he just seemed to go with the flow.  

~ ~ ~ ~ ~
ABEL

I felt goose bumps as she told me the story of virgin kid blood lovers. Before the day Pru told me and showed me the werewolf life, I’d never put thought into other faerie tales. Of course I’d thought about vampires and witches but I’d never really thought about folklore.  Since that day, I’ve done nothing but think about it. Well, that, and my death.  I’m starting to think this is the week I’ll die.  Pru isn’t going to have the chance to kill me because the O’Connell’s came for a fight.
Everyone played nice for the first half of the evening; the second half notsomuch.  Everyone came in for dinner, the guys that have been stationed outside went to pick up some barbeque for everyone.  The coven kept watch at the perimeters prepared with charms to protect them from any supernaturals who are lurking in the night.
I’ve never gone to one of the Pack meetings; it feels awkward because I still don’t identify with all of the issues that complicate Pack life.  The O’Connell’s act as if it is a done deal for me to go back with them to Ireland.  They don’t care nor did they want to hear what I have to say. HELLO doesn’t anyone get it?   I have a family that will notice if I’m missing.  That issue doesn’t seem to matter.  I am really ticked off and feel like my temper is going to get out of control any minute.
I am in the kitchen helping Banba clean up, she is a human from Ireland that has worked for the family for over 20 years.  I hear Patrick on the porch talking to Ernie when voices start getting loud.  Not just because my hearing is keen, no… because they are shouting at each other.  It is Alpha versus Alpha and I feel my skin prickle.  Banba dries her hands and comes over to put her arms around me.
“Don’t worry Abel, your future is in good hands.”
I hug her back and thank her for the vote of confidence.
“How are you training him when he is in the kitchen like hired help!”  Patrick yelled.
“He isn’t acting like hired help!  He doesn’t feel entitled like you do!  He is a helpful kid!”  General Phelan yelled back.  Oh no, it is going to be an interesting night.
“He is entitled.  If he is the damn Great Wolf, he will be the king Alpha of all the Packs and you’re letting him act as if he is just a dog.  Throw him a bone and he’ll fetch too I’m sure! He should be training and obviously you’re not equipped mentally or within your own Pack to train him.  I’m booking the next flight out and he is coming with me!”  His voice got louder and louder until almost all of the Pack was outside on guard waiting for a showdown.
“Don’t ever say we’re treating him like a dog.  No one told him to go in there, he went on his own.  You’re not taking him anywhere!  You can’t just traipse into my territory and make announcements thinking my Pack is going to stand for it.  He has been trained well.”  Ernie’s voice is getting lower and lower, I knew it meant he is really pissed off.  The tension in the air is thick. 
  “Abel, can you come out here please.”
Oh shit, here it goes; and now I’m about to be tested. I can feel Pru trying to mentally scream at me to be cool and concentrate.  I walk outside. On my left I not only hear something but know someone is about to attack. He leapt over the railing and is in the process of trying to grab me by the shoulders to throw me over the porch.  I reacted faster than him, my instinct jumped in, and I did the millstone palm chain Oakley had practically drilled in my head.  It’s a temple blow he wasn’t expecting, and it rendered him unconscious.  No one moved, they just stood staring at me.  I looked over at Oakley, he gives me a slight head nod, and then I heard General Phelan’s voice.
“I think that was a pretty good demonstration on how not to sneak up on the Great Wolf, just in case you are wondering what that is.  Abel…that was excellent work.  Oakley, remind me to give you a raise.” He winks at me and I mentally jumped up and down.
With that, all hell breaks loose. 
A couple of the Omega’s shifted to their wolf form, growling and waiting for the hand motion from Patrick.  Our group is really all I can think about.  I hadn’t realized until that very moment that I considered the Pack as my Pack.  I feel my skin crawling and feel an overwhelming desire to rip someone’s throat out.  I look over at Pru and she slowly scooted closer to me.
“What’s wrong?” she whispers.
“We’ll talk about it later” I concentrate on breathing, calming myself down.  No one is going to order my Alpha around, my head is spinning, and I can feel sweat beading up on my forehead.  


~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

PRU

When Abel came out ready to defend himself I was so excited to know our training was paying off.  His instincts were kicking in, I could feel the vibrations bouncing off of him. I sensed his discomfort and his need, his deep need to shed blood.  Oh crap!  We weren’t ready, his soul wasn’t ready.  It was a mess, his emotions were at every spectrum of the chart; he was going to shift if I didn’t do something quick.  
I threw my arms around him and kissed him.  At first he was tense, but I could feel him start to relax and kiss me back.  I pulled back and took his hand to lead him into the house.  
“We need to get inside, so you can calm down,” I say and grab his hand.
“Why did you kiss me?” he asked. 
 His face was crimson; I had thrown him off… good. “I needed to distract you, or you were going to shift and I needed to make sure it didn’t happen.  Your emotions were everywhere and I had to get you to focus on something else, it was all I could come up with off the cuff.”
“You kissed me to distract me?”
“Yeah,” I felt myself blush.
“You’re evil, you know that?  Evil with a capital E.  Damn.”
“I’ll take that as enjoyment?” I teased.
I stopped talking to him and put my finger to my lips shushing him for a moment.  I could hear bickering between Patrick and my dad.  This wasn’t good.  Patrick was accusing me of forging a romantic relationship with Abel, my dad was defending me, telling Patrick it wasn’t anyone’s business if Abel and I did have a relationship.  It was only natural for two young adults to feel attraction to one another when working so close.
Oh no, what have I done; is all I could think.  If my dad thought I was in a relationship with Abel that meant Oakley probably felt the same way.  How was I going to fix it?  I couldn’t have them believing that about me but at the same time I couldn’t let Abel shift, he wasn’t ready.  I wasn’t ready.  
There were scuffles between the two Packs, nothing to worry about.  Some of the guys shifted to wolf form and fought with the O’Connell’s that had shifted, the rest did hand to hand combat.  My dad stood on the porch with his arms crossed watching the two Packs, ready to pull everyone back if needed.  Blood was shed but nothing we couldn’t handle.  After I had Abel in the Pack room shooting some pool, I went out and joined in the fun.  I’m stronger as a wolf so I shifted and took on the smart ass that attacked Abe. 
The fight lasted about an hour, until everyone was exhausted and filthy.  Mom made us go out to the pool house and shower before coming in.  I stepped through my dog door to shift in privacy, without a bunch of gawking men checking me out.  It was easier for me to shift to a wolf than to shift from a wolf to human.  It took me between two to five minutes to complete it, and it wasn’t pretty.  The minute I was back to human form, Oakley came up behind me and said ‘boo’.  I jumped about 10 feet in the air.
I whacked him on the arm and grabbed a towel to wrap around me.  “Hey, can’t a girl get some privacy?”
“I’ve seen you a thousand times over Pru, you don’t have to cover up, your body is beautiful.”  He leaned up against the wall and crossed his arms giving me his sexy grin.  
“You’re not standing there naked, so why should I?”  My heart skipped a beat as he uncrossed his arms and walked over to me, putting his arms over my shoulders and pulling me into a hug. O M G!
He stood there looking down at me, his eyes, those damn eyes looking directly at me, eye to eye.  Our instincts consider it a challenge, but I knew Oakley wasn’t challenging me.  Every single nerve in my body tingled.  Breath, is what I had to keep telling myself. 
“I wanted to know more about the kiss you planted on Abe.  Was it real?  It looked pretty real to me.”
What?  Really?  He was wondering if my kiss was real.  Oh no, what have I done?
“No, it wasn’t real.  I was trying to distract him and get him out of that state of mind.  If I hadn’t distracted him, who knows what would have happened, but I think he would have shifted for the first time and he isn’t ready for it.  Why?”
“Because I think it would be problematic if you got into a relationship with him.  You know when he shifts and we can confirm he is The Great Wolf, his life will be both guarded and hunted.  He will never be completely safe again, and that means his mate will be in danger also.  If you aren’t interested in him romantically you might want to let him know, because he is already very attached to you.  I don’t want you in more danger then you already are.  You’re my friend and I find it incredibly difficult to watch you get hurt.  He isn’t the right wolf for you to mate with.”
“Hold up.  What?  You think I want to mate?  You’re kidding me!.  This is a put on right?”  I pulled back from him.  All tingly sensations are gone, replaced with annoyance.  
“Pru, don’t be that way.  I’m just worried about you.”  He reached for me but I jerked my shoulder away.
“I am not in a relationship with him, but if I were, it wouldn’t be any of your business.  I’m getting a little tired of everyone acting as if I’m some fragile human girl.  I’m not!  And I resent you of all people implying I can’t handle a relationship.  You really don’t know me as well as I thought you did.  I’m done with this conversation, so if you don’t have anything else to say, I’m getting in the shower.”  I dropped my towel and walked away from him.  It took everything I had not to stick my butt out at him and saunter away.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 
ABEL

I keep thinking about the kiss, it won’t leave my head no matter what I do.  It is bad enough I have trouble sleeping, but that kiss didn’t help matters.  I haven’t kissed a girl since the eighth grade prom so I’m not an expert on kissing but it felt right.  It is the worst feeling ever to have a girl say she only kissed you to distract you.  Fail.  
Oh man, the dogs are barking.  Just what I need, Parker to be outside of my window, or one of those Irish wolves waiting patiently for me to go outside so they could gobble up my guts and throw me out in a field never to be found again.  Allie came in my room complaining about my window being open and how the stupid dogs won’t shut up.  
“Abe, come here, you should see this.  There are two giant dogs in the front yard.  Com’er”
I have a role to play, hopefully there will be an Oscar for my acting abilities. Ha!  “I don’t think those are dogs Allie, they look more like wolves.”  It’s true, so now to convince her wolves are common in Piedsville.
“Those are big damn wolves, dogs or whatever they are.  I wonder why they’re in our lawn.  You haven’t been leaving food out for the neighbor’s dog have you?”
“Yeah, I just can’t stand for her to be left outside alone all of the time.  They go out of town almost weekly.  Bad habit on my part.”  Great excuse for the wolves.  Now to make them go away.  I have no idea who they were but I am getting tired of them making the dogs bark. I popped my screen off my window and stuck my head out.  “Scat!  Get out of here.  You’re making all of the dogs bark and my sister and I can’t sleep!  Go away!”  I’m sure Allie thinks I’m slightly mental.
“I don’t know how you did it, but look, they’re gone.  That was really bizarre Abe, talking to them like their human.  You’re kinda off.  Just sayin’.  Let’s go make some ice cream, I need something sweet.” 
The next few days are chaos at its best.  I had every O’Connell Pack member on my case about going back with them.  I took test after test, from martial arts to memory tests.  My abilities are more in tune and I can actually feel my blood under my skin, I can feel it coming alive.  I wasn’t going to go back with them. Even if they offered me money, it was a no go from me.  They are persistent to say the least.  I can sense them all, I know their real feelings.  Half of them want me dead, especially Patrick, and the rest?  They want to befriend me.  I just want to be left alone.  I am a little tired of everyone.  I just want some sleep and time with my family. 


Chapter 10
PRU

The O’Connell’s were relentless in their quest of taking Abel home.  It was getting harder and harder on our Pack to be gracious.  We were the hosting Pack so under Pack Law they were in our territory and Patrick really hated being the second Alpha.
Although the O’Connell Pack was the oldest and most feared Pack in the world they weren’t always right.  Patrick was ruthless; many would compare him to the Dom of the mafia: well organized and not tolerant on betrayal.  They were what humans would call hit men, the Omega’s of the Pack...  they would snap your neck in an instant.  They guarded Patrick and his inner group like the Pope is protected in Rome.   By Pack law, they couldn’t legally take Abel back to Ireland with them, and they knew it.  We couldn’t prove Abe was The Great Wolf, and until he shifted we wouldn’t know for certain.  We knew he was a supernatural but we didn’t have any proof of his powers.  They couldn’t just take him, they could kidnap him but lawfully they couldn’t take him back with them.  It was my job to keep him from shifting while they were in town, so distraction was the game plan. 
It was harder to do than expected.  The O’Connell’s had test after test they gave Abe. They knew the more frustration they put on him the greater the risk of him shifting.  
 Abe and I sat in front of the TV watching videos of Jeff Dunham, my favorite being Achmed the terrifying terrorist.  We had an inside joke calling Patrick “Achmed” and using the infamous line “silence, I kill you”.  When I think of the Irish Pack it brings shivers down my spine.  We’d finally won the argument, Abel would stay in Oklahoma and they would go home. 
One of our guys had heard from a friend that they left someone behind, to keep an eye on us.
A few years ago we recruited Lincoln Allingham, a two time winner of The Abbey Information Technology award and he so happens to be a shifter.  With his help our command center became highly sophisticated.  We can rival the news stations’ weather equipment and the CIA with the GPS systems we have in place. A large operation like ours has the technology to use GPS on every member, just in case one goes rogue or is missing.  A small chip is inserted in the middle of the spine while we’re in wolf form. It sounds more painful than it really is.  Everyone used GPS these days so Lincoln was able to unlock the code for every member of their Pack. When one of the codes stayed in Oklahoma while the rest of them left, we knew they left a spy.  The spy may have stayed in Oklahoma, but he/she set up shop in Norman and stayed away from our territory throughout his stay.  Lincoln ran inventory on all GPS devices daily and the leftover stayed put.  Like the saying goes ‘it is better to be informed.’  Leftover didn’t have a chance to sneak up on us. That was reassuring. 

I’ve been really tired lately.  We’ve worked day and night trying to get everything ready.  I am going to be so happy when we can have Abel chipped.  We won’t do it until he confirms that he will stay with our Pack.  I know he isn’t just any shifter, I knew from my visions he is TGW, no doubt on my part.  Either way, we can’t just place chips in a human.  Oakley came up with the idea to chip his cell and the car and just to be safe we chipped his parent’s cars too. 
I can’t believe it’s already spring, prom is just around the corner.  I don’t have any girlfriends to go dress shopping with; it really isn’t my style to hang out with human girls but I think it would be a good thing to take Allie with me.  She went back to school but she looked tired all of the time.  I have an insatiable appetite, she has a nonexistent one, and lunch is going to be interesting.  We went to downtown Oklahoma City and hit some of the dress shops, finding a cute little boutique that specialized in vintage designer labels.  I found a beautiful Oscar De La Renta, deep red, with romantic ruffled chiffon overlay. It was simply fabulous!  Some girls with red hair can’t pull off a red dress, but the color of my skin didn’t have the red freckles, I had an ivory tone but I was slightly addicted to spray tanning so I never looked pale.  Allie came to life inside the store, trying on gown after gown, twirling around like a little ballerina.  I loved that side of her, the carefree happy girl who loved fashion.  We found a beautiful Matthew Williamson sun dress that wasn’t vintage but the store was the only one that carried his line.  I couldn’t help but buy the beautiful dress for her.  The way her face brightened with a smile, I knew I did the right thing.  
She told me she liked Tex-Mex, she didn’t have to tell me twice, I’m all about some Mexican food.  We hit the taco truck that was located near the parking garage where I parked my car.  I didn’t want to look like a total grub so I only ordered six tacos, to her one.  She was obsessed with a perfect figure.
“I have no idea where you hide your food but you can eat and never gain a pound.  If I eat, you see a muffin top when I wear my skinnies.”  Allie said as she finished off her diet soda.
“Really?  Allie, you’re really skinny, I could never imagine you with a muffin top.  Even if you did gain a couple of pounds, it’s okay.  Women are beautiful no matter how much they weigh as long as they are comfortable in their skin.  Trust me, every guy’s head turns when they see you.  You have nothing to worry about.”  I couldn’t believe she was concerned about her body image. I think women are attractive at all different sizes.  My mother was a little round but she was still what I considered the most beautiful women on earth.
“That’s easy for you to say, look at you, all gorgeous with your super muscular body.”
“Allie, seriously, I work out all of the time.  I’m on the track team this year and trust me the coach has it out for me, he runs me more than any of the other girls and Oakley and I’ve been working out together for years. I have a fast metabolism, just lucky I guess.  You must be working out too.  I saw you the other day when you were at my house.  You’re lightening fast.”   I was trying to find out if there was something she wanted to tell me but if she has a secret, she isn’t sharing it with me.  I can’t quite figure her out.  She is fast.  She is agile.  She is super strong.  But she can walk in the sun, and she eats human food, not a lot of food but she does eat.  She doesn’t seem repulsed by me or my family so we have pretty much ruled out the vampire virus.  Yeah, we are leaning heavily on the theory she had been bitten by a vampire, but one main characteristic vampires have is their allergy to weres.  Vampires are allergic to werewolves, everyone knows that.
I had only met one vampire in my life and it was while I was in Ireland, I was just a kid and I’d never heard of them before.  I went to a party and this really cute guy had come over to talk to me.  I was young but I remember him looking perfect.  He had honey-colored eyes and brown hair with flawless skin.  I don’t remember his name but I know his eyes watered and he started sneezing after a couple of minutes of us talking.  Josie came to check on me to find out why some 20 year old guy was so close to me, always the protector she is. Josie took my hand, apologizing to him saying we had to get back to our hotel.  I looked over my shoulder and gave him a little wave and he winked at me.  I don’t remember his name, but his honey eyes, I’ll always remember them.
“Prudence, don’t you know better than to talk to strangers by now?” She held my hand, practically running to the car.
“He came over and said hello to me, I had been standing there alone watching you flirt with all of those guys.” I did a dramatic hand sweep referring to the entire room.  “Everyone was ignoring me so I didn’t mind the company.  I don’t know why you’re in such a mood, I didn’t do anything wrong!”  Tears welled up in my eyes but I wasn’t going to let her see me cry.  That is one of the first things we have to learn to control, never let them see you cry, it is a sign of weakness, and a werewolf isn’t weak, ever.
“You don’t know what he is, do you?  Of course you don’t.” Her tone lightened a little but I could still tell she was rattled by the experience.  “Pru, he is your mortal enemy.  You need to remember everything you said to him and everything about him, because you want to remember him if you ever see him again.”
I remember thinking to myself, I have a mortal enemy? 
 “What is he?”  That was all I could think of to say.  I didn’t feel threatened by him, just the opposite.
 “He is a vampire, Pru.  An honest to goodness vampire.  Your father is going to be really upset to know you were talking to one alone.  We need to keep that our little secret okay or we’ll both be in trouble.”
We got in the back of the limo and rode in silence to the hotel.  I wanted to ask her more questions about him, but I knew we would jeopardize our identity by discussing in the limo.  It was hard, not having someone my age to share things with, Josie was cool and a great friend, but she was business and I wanted a friend.
I had so many questions about this vampire man, and how did I not sense he was a supernatural.  Over the years I made it my mission to learn as much about vampires, what was truth, what was myth? One fact that was not debunked was the fact weres hate vampires, and vice versa.  Very few in history had gotten along but they don’t set out to hunt weres and we don’t set out to hunt them.  Our secret is of utmost importance and we serve a purpose amongst ourselves.  The one thing that is true, vampires are from Transylvania.  Silly sounding, especially when you’re a kid and you think The Count on Sesame Street is the only vampire around.  The biggest clans in the United States lived in Louisiana. I’ve never understood their draw to the state but it was definitely the most popular.  Werewolves lived in Packs and vamp’s lived in clans, at least some of the movies got it right, just another attempt of finding something positive to say.  I wasn’t aware of any contact with the clans, if my dad did have contact, he never mentioned it to me.  The vampire in Ireland with the haunting eyes, those clear, mesmerizing eyes, he is the only one I’ve met.  I wonder if it is really meeting someone if you never got their name.


Allie and I had a great time together, we laughed and she told me stories about her and Abe growing up.  She told me how they would sit up at night waiting for their dad to get home and jump out from behind furniture to scare him.  I keep thinking about how these two little kids where sneaking around and obviously weren’t any good at it if they never scared their dad.  It was fun just being human girls, taking pictures with her cell.  We tried on silly hats and posted them on Facebook.   There is one of us together wearing cowboy hats as we stood back to back, that was my favorite.  We got to giggling so hard I actually had tears streaming down my face when we went up to pay for our stuff. 
“Allie, I’m going to go on the record and tell you I haven’t had this much fun with another girl in I don’t know how long.” I reached over and hugged her.  At first she was a little stiff but she relaxed and put her arms around me too.  In that three second hug, I got a whiff of her and my inner alarm went off.  Dammit.  “Hey, I guess we should head home.  I’ll drop you off and will see you prom night.  You’re fixin’ my hair for me right?”
“Pru!  You think I’m mental or something?  Of course I’m fixin’ your hair dork.  I had a lot of fun with you today; I hope we can hang out even when you’re not getting ready for a big date with my brother.”  She flopped inside the Camero and flipped out her phone texting someone at lightning speed.
When I had to get back to the farm later that night I shifted and went out for a run alone to try and clear my head.  I couldn’t put my finger on it, but I could sense something was up with Allie.  My thoughts were on Abel and how we have another obstacle to overcome. None of my dreams were about her and I never sensed she was going to betray us.  I had no idea what to do.
I’d been running for about 30 minutes when Oakley ran up next to me. He was as beautiful in wolf form as he was when he was human.  I loved seeing the way his fur sways with his body, his stride was mesmerizing.  I always feel at ease with him when we are wolves, just a natural order, like it was meant to be.  We got to one of the clearings he hunkered down, baring his teeth at me and growling.  I came to a halt and mimicked him by hunkering down until we circled each other with our teeth bared.  He made the first move, leaping at me with his mouth open, ready to grab me by the back of the neck.  I rolled over on my back to get his teeth out of my neck and was able to flip him over. We rolled around for a good ten minutes, just playing.  Finally, exhaustion took me over so I lay down with my front legs stretched out in front of me, everything relaxed but my ears.  A wolf’s ears are like radars, listening to everything.  Oakley came over and lay down next to me, licking the side of my head.  I love when he does that.  My heart picked up speed as he cleaned my face, his slurppy tongue just flopping all over my face.  I don’t think I’d like to be kissed like that in particular, that would be slightly creepy but as two wolves it was pretty hot for me.  He quit licking me, he laid his head on his forelegs and we just soaked up the spring air watching the sun set.  It was pretty perfect. He was pretty perfect… damn, if only the situation would be perfect.  I still had a job to do, kill Abel…. so right now wasn’t the best of times to let hormones get in the way of my duty.  
After dinner that night I talked with Oakley about Allie, and what I smelled on her when I hugged her.  We agreed we had to protect Abe, even from his sister if needed, so we worked it out with my dad to station one of the Omega’s at Abe’s house to keep an eye on things when we weren’t able to.  I am sure his parents will be okay with the idea, they are easy going when it comes to him and his friends.  If they had any clue what was really going on, they just might not be so easy going.
I sat on my bed looking around the room hoping to find some inspiration.  My walls were light gray to slightly blue with a big Japanese cherry blossom tree painted on one wall.  I love how the black silk drapes go from ceiling to floor giving it a dramatic effect. For my birthday last year my parents gave me a huge saltwater fish tank, and you can’t have a saltwater tank without having a few Marlins, Clownfish and an assortment of royal tang, my favorite being the powder-blue one. We found some white paper lanterns in different sizes to hang around the room.  I found some battery operated light kits to put in each one and it had a groovy look to it mom and I had a good time putting everything together.  I didn’t always appreciate the ruthless teasing I endured over being freakishly clean.
I sat there for what seemed hours when I heard Oakley knocking at the door.  Another benefit to the heightened senses, we can all smell each other, so I knew it was Oakley as soon as he knocked at the door.
“Come on in Oak” 
“Hey you, whatcha doing in here?  I was hopin’ we could have a talk if you aren’t too busy.” Oakley asked as he came in my room.   He had on his faded jeans with a black v-neck t-shirt and his signature converse shoes.  He smelled freshly showered with Irish Spring soap. I love that smell.
 “It’s all good.  I was just sitting here trying to figure out our dilemma with Allie and how I’m going to complete the assignment without any feelings being hurt.  I just don’t know what to do or think anymore.  Everything is so complicated.”  My voice sounded whiney even to me.
“Okay, Miss Drama Queen, you’re making this harder than it should be.”  He sat down on my bed and reached his left hand to my face, slightly caressing my cheek.  My skin went all prickly causing my heart to flutter from him being so close to me.
“Really?  Drama Queen, you think?  This comes from the guy who wigs out if he loses a rabbit chase!”  I tossed my pink bunny slipper at him.
He reached out and grabbed it. “When did I lose a rabbit chase?  You’re insane, I’ve never ever lost.” 
“Yeah right.  Who was it that smoked you just the other night?  I saw you eating my dust.”  It was nice talking to him like friends again.  Lately everything had been all business and we hadn’t had time to just sit back and enjoy life.
“Smoked me, you’re smoking crack if you think that, I let you win.”  He stood in one quick move like he just remembered we were business again, ugh men drive me nuts.  “Is Josie coming over tonight?”
Josie, of course, I hated being jealous of her but when it came to Oak I was.  I even hated the way he said her name, all cute with his ‘Joe Sea’.  I don’t even know why he would be interested in me anyway.  The daughter of the Alpha, a shaman and all of the fun stuff that goes along with me, yeah I’m a catch, if you don’t get killed trying to be my mate.  Blah, blah, blah, I thought to myself.  “Yeah, we’re going over some of my diaries.” 

Chapter 11. 


ABEL

The Irish guys have finally left, I still haven’t shifted and I’ve got a new room-mate Bryon.  My mom is completely cool with him coming to stay with us.  I told them he has been homeschooled until his parents died in a car accident last year.   It is true about his parents, minus the omission of them being wolves and he was five with it happened.  Bryon was homeschooled with Pru so he is new to the whole school experience too.  I had always wanted to have a brother, it leveled the testosterone in the house when my sister was around.   The one major adjustment I am still coming to realize is the fact being Pack mean you are never truly alone.
I hear the ‘ting clunk’ sound of the dead bolt on the front door.
 “Mom?”  I don’t really need her to answer, I can smell her when she came in the door. “Are you going to be home for dinner tomorrow night?” I run down the stairs two at a time seeing her in her white nurse pants and shirt with the silly nursing hat on.  Her boss it totally old-school and it totally pisses her off.  She told me on more than one occasion that if she didn’t love the work she does for the Reservation she would tell him to jump off a cliff.  
“Actually, I am.  Do you want to get Bryon and go get some dinner?  We can go to that new chain buffet they put in Yukon.” We meet face to face at the bottom of the stairs.  “Oh!  There you are, I like that green color on you, it makes your eyes stand out,” she said. 
“I think going to dinner would be great, my treat.  Oh, no offense but I’d rather it just be you and me. Bryon will be cool with it.”  I lean over to give her a hug.
“Are you sure?  I don’t want to hurt his feelings.”  She tilts her head up like she is silently pointing at him.
“It’ll be fine, Pru told me her family wants to have him over for dinner so it won’t look like they pawned him off on us.” 
“Well, I guess that means we have a date.  Your treat?  Wow that is a treat!”  She smiled and kissed me on the cheek.  “Good night sweetie, I love you.”
“I love you too mom.”  I grab my backpack and tennis shoes out of the foyer before I run back up the stairs, two at a time. I leap across my bedroom doing my imaginary pole vault jump into my bed.  


We pull up to Nino’s Mexican restaurant with the stereo cranked to an 80’s stations she was forcing me to listen to.  I can almost hear her thoughts the décor is just like a little cantina your dad and I went to on our honeymoon.  I beat her to the line and earned a snicker from her.  The waitress came over and takes us to a booth that has been patched with my dad’s favorite tool; duct tape.  Forgoing the menu we order fajita’s for two. 
“Abel?  Did you eat lunch today?”  She asks as she tries to reach across the table to where I hoarded the basket of chips.
I look down at the table and realized I’ve pulled the salsa, queso and chips into my eating triangle.  I slide the food back to the middle of the table.  “Sorry.  Must be a growth spurt.”
“I hope you can control yourself on prom night and not eat like you’ve never been fed before.  We need to pick out a corsage for her, what’s her favorite flower?”  I try not to hog the chips and salsa but my stomach has this never ending hunger I can’t ignore.  Prom and Pru, her two favorite subjects and her Spanish inquisition began before I have even finished my first basket of chips.
 “Mom.  Mom.  It’s okay. Pru and I have a great time together and yes, we are ‘just friends’. If that happens to change I’m sure you’ll know.”  I want us to have a good time so I just played the game with her, trying really hard not to let it get on my last nerve.  We aren’t going to have many more of these talks, for all I know my assassinator Pru will assassinate me at prom. Wouldn’t that be my luck to drop dead at prom?  I feel my phone vibrate in my pocket, it’s Pru.  “Tell ur mom u have 2 go 2 the br and meet me outside.”   I’m going to kill her if she is planning on killing me right now.  Surely she doesn’t expect to kill me while I’m on a date with my mom.  Jeez.
By the time I reach the parking lot, Pru is propped up against her car sending a text and looking like a supermodel.  For a minute I stand admiring her with the expressway as her backdrop. My skin felt prickly when the cool night air blast me with a gust of wind. I watched her get a chill and wrap her arms around her stomach for warmth.
 “Hey Pru, really what is so dire you can’t wait until I get home to talk?” I ask as I walk closer taking in her essence.
“Simmer down, I come in peace.”  She lifts her hands up at me and I notice how shiny her hair looks with the evening lights bouncing off of it.  “Dad got us a black stretch Hummer for prom!  Can you believe it?  He told me it’s all tricked out with a killer system!”  She puts her hands over her head and does some primitive jungle dance. “I’m so excited!”
“Sweet,” I say, glancing over my shoulder and see that my mom is walking outside. 
“Hi Pru.  I took care of the bill, Abe.  So what brings you all the way here?”  She crossed her arms in front of her as her look darts back and forth between us.
It is the first time my mom sounded suspicious of Pru’s and my relationship. “Hey mom, guess what! Pru’s dad rented us a Hummer for prom.  I hope you’re off that night, we’ll take you for a spin around the block before we head to dinner.”  I’m nervous, not exactly sure why though.
“Oh, wow!  That’s pretty cool guys.  Pru, I saw you through the window, I’ve already paid for dessert for the three of us so let’s go eat some sopapillas.”
So much for date night, I think to myself.  Sometimes it feels like I am being smothered by the Pack.  I am excited about the limo and all but it is a bit smothering having someone from the Pack everywhere I turn. 
We finish up dessert without one reference to Pru’s and my non-existent relationship “Kids, oh sorry, bad habit calling you guys kids, it’s a mom thing.  I need to get home; I have another early morning at the Reservation.  Pru, if you and Abe want to hang out a little longer I’m good with that if you’ll bring him home.  Toss me your keys Abe, I’ll leave the front door open.” 
“You think you can handle that much horse power?”  I bump her with my shoulder and put my arms around her.
“Sure, that’s cool with me!  I found a cool 80’s station on my Ipod Abe. You’ll have Prince’s Purple Rain stuck in your head all night!”  Pru said as she stretched from side to side.
As my mom was driving off, fishtailing my car out onto NW Expressway, I throw my head back and say a little prayer.  That made me think, do weres believe in God?
Pru did that cute little giggle of hers and all I can think about is how lucky I am to have such a good friend.  I heard the chirp of her car being unlocked.
“Abe, get in my car right now!”  She yelled and dropped into a karate battle pose.
“What’s wrong with you?  Why are you going all ninja on me?”  I look around to see why she was in battle mode. “What’s going on?  I don’t hear anyone.”  I turn, squeezing my hands in and out of a fist, ready to take on the unknown assailant.
“Abel, get in the car!  I can’t protect you out in the open like this; just get in the driver’s seat.  I’m going around back to check it out, don’t follow me and if I’m not back in a couple of minutes you need to take my car and be sure to call Oak.”  She started running to the back of the building and of course I’m not going to go out like a girl, sheesh.  I follow her as silently as I can.
“Abe, are you insane?” she mouthed to me.
I shake my head yes, as if it was a question that needed to be asked.  I have no other option but being crazy, look at my life!
My head tilts back uncontrollably as I catch a whiff of something on the night breeze. I smelled him before I saw him but he had no idea I was almost at lethal as my counterpart.  He tried jumping off the roof onto Pru’s back, I pushed her out of the way, grab him and throw him into the ditch behind the building.
“Oh how sweet, the pup thinks he’s Alpha already protecting the beautiful Prudence.  What’s the matter pup, dog got your tongue?” said the stranger.
“Who the hell are you?” I demanded stepping closer to him and ready for combat.
“It’s all good pup, you’ve schooled me.” He held up his hands in the classic surrender pose. 
“The injun would be Sean Youngblood, a little wolfy that decided he was too good to be a pack wolf and went off on his own.”  Her anger was more than apparent as she turned and faced him.  “What’s wrong injun?  Dog got your tongue?” She inched closer to me, standing so close I can feel the adrenaline flowing through her.  “You know rogue’s aren’t allowed in Pack territory, I’m assuming you came to check on Abe’s training to see what you guys are up against.  I’m in no mood for breaking a nail on your ugly, flea-ridden, butt-sniffing snout so before I go all ninja on your butt I suggest you start ‘fessing up.”
“Oh sweet little Pru has grown up to be such a potty-mouthed bad ass.”  He sprung up doing a double flip in the air, landing upright in front of me.  “Does the General have any idea what his little princess is doing these days?”
“What are you talking about Sean?  You’re boring me so hurry up.”  With the dagger looks she was shooting at Sean, he should be glad looks don’t kill because he would’ve been dust.
“Well rumor has it… that one of the New Orleans nightwalker clan decided to open up shop in your territory.  A few of my buddies and I have been tracking them and what a fascinating sight to see the Alpha’s daughter hanging out with a fledgling.”
“You’re insane.  If there were nightwalkers in Oklahoma, we’d know.”  Pru said.
I try to hide my surprise until we drive home, I can’t let the rogues believe there is any type of kink in our communication.  
“I see.”  Sean said.  “Just let your little family know Bruce and I send our love. You better watch your back because if he...” He says as he points at me. “Hadn’t been around, who knows what a flea-ridden rogue like me would do to such a sweet potty-mouthed Alpha daughter like you.”
I feel my hackles go up and a small growl came out of me.  “Get out of here before my human self kicks your wolf ass.”  He was gone before I finished my sentence.
“Don’t even go there Abel, I need to get to the farm, I have to talk to my dad.”  Pru said as she held her hand up at me, warding me off. 


I get in the car, my hands are shaking from the adrenalin rush as I turn to face her.
The car starts.
I look at her as she shakes her head and says, “Abel, I told you we would talk about it later but this is Pack news so I must get to my dad to talk to him.”
I lean back in my seat, instead of giving her the third degree, like I think I should, I try to figure out who Sean was talking about.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

PRU

Why can’t life just be a little less complicated?  Seriously. I was totally off my game when Sean jumped off the roof at me.  He was known to bully a few female weres around, typical for men that feel inadequate to other men.  Abe was very impressive, he was going to make a good were; at least I was certain of one thing.
I could see Abe was physically shaken by the ordeal with Sean but right now I couldn’t coddle him, I needed to tell my family so we could start researching the vampire invasion.  I was saying a silent prayer Abe wouldn’t figure out who Sean was talking about, I don’t know if he could handle the implications his sister may indeed be turning into a vampire.  Just what we need.
Oakley answered in the first ring.
“Pru!  I’ve been pacing back and forth waiting for your call, what is going on?  I sensed you’re in some type of trouble.”  I could hear the quiver in his voice, the one he gets when he is really tense about something.
“Can you get everyone to Piedsville? We have a huge problem,” I say.  “I have to drop Abe off at his house; I’ll be home within the next 45 minutes.  I think everyone is probably still at the soccer field in Oklahoma City for a playoff game.” 
“Yeah, sure.  I’ll talk to you soon, 45 minutes right?”
“See you soon,” I hung up my hands-free device.
“Oh no you don’t Pru, I’m not going home.  I want to know what the plan is. I know you’ll give me the rated G-version if I wait until tomorrow.  I’m going with you.”
My phone started ringing; it was my dad and he told me he felt Abel should be included, regardless of what my thoughts were on the subject.  I’m in no position to argue with the Alpha, especially since he’s my dad.
 “I guess you’re coming with me,” I say.  “How do you want to do it?  Can you sneak out or what?”
“I’ll text my mom, I doubt she cares if I’m out later, she has been pretty cool about my curfew.” He said and pulls out his phone and texts her.  “She said it was fine but I still have to go to school in the morning, no excuses.  She apparently doesn’t realize I don’t sleep much at night anyway.”
I have to figure out a way to tell him my suspicion about Allie, he was going to bug out but I had to tell him before the meeting.
“Abe, you know I’d never tell you something to hurt you, right?  You know I keep it real and say it as it is, right?”  I ask, my tongue getting tied as I tried to find the right words; the words to tell him his sister may be going all Dracula on us.
 “Okay, here goes….I think Allie may have the nightwalker virus…. Before you freak out, just think about it! Don’t you think her behavior is a bit off?  I know you do; you’ve said it to me before.”
“I’ve never once said I think she is a supernatural.  We’re talking about vampire’s right?” His hands were rubbing up and down his thighs, a nervous tick he does when he is frustrated.
 I was trying to keep my eye on the road and the expression on his face but I could tell by his tone he had some suspicions about her too. “I think she has the virus, I don’t know if she is a full-blown vampire or not, and I’m leaning more to the not but there is no way of knowing until we can talk to her.”
“I thought you told me there aren’t any vampires in Oklahoma.  With as many wolves in the Pack why wouldn’t they notice before now?  I thought vampires were allergic to weres; you told me that they are.”  He turned in his seat facing me and slamming his right hand into my dash out of anger.
“Abel, calm down!  I told you that because it’s true.  I think maybe since you haven’t shifted yet she doesn’t realize what you are.  I’m not even sure she knows what she is.”  It was the truth but he wasn’t buying what I was selling.
He rolled his eyes and said “All the training including how to row a kayak, martial arts, Irish history, Indian history, psychology… all of THAT but you fail to go over quote unquote nightwalkers?  What ev!  I’m so done with all of this crapola! Did you ever think maybe I don’t want to shift?  Did you?  For one minute, did you ever consider that?”  He yelled.
I shook my head… no.  “I guess no,” I whispered, barely audible but I know he could hear me.
“Of course you didn’t.  Of course everyone thinks good ole’ Abe -- oh he wants to be the Great Freakin’ Wolf.  Well I have news for all of you, I’m sick and tired of the drama!  All of it.  I’m sick and tired of hearing about how I must die! Well, that IS all I think about now… HOW I’m going to die.  But I don’t want to hurt my family.  My dad will be devastated, my mom will break, I know she will and Allie my possibly vampire sister… it would kill them.  You won’t even have to stake her, she’ll just die on her own!”  Abe said, or more like he yelled.
“No one is staking anyone.  I’m sorry.  Honestly that’s really all I can say.  I’m sorry.  I know it must be hard to realize one day you’re going to die, but we do it for their protection.  We don’t do it to harm you, we’re trying to protect all of them.”  Tears were welling up in my eyes, of course.  Dammit.
“Well, tomorrow I want to see the codex.”  Abel demanded.
“Why?”
“Because I want to see where it talks about me dying and never seeing my family again.  I want to see it with my own eyes. Because what if I’m not the almighty Great Wolf and I’m just a wolf, and you made sure I died in the eyes of my human family.  You’re the one that told me if I’m just a wolf I can still talk with my family because there wouldn’t be so many expectations and my family won’t be in jeopardy.”  He fidgeted in his seat until he was facing forward with his arms crossed. 
How delightful.  “I can’t show it to you.”
“Oh yes you can, and you will.  I’m not kidding Pru, I have to see it.  I’ll disappear on you and you won’t find me until after it happens.”
“It’s in the family safe, only my dad knows the combination.”  I took a deep breath.   Keep your cool I thought to myself.  “I’ve only seen it because of my dreams and we had to research it before we found you.  Only the Alpha can have free access to it.”  For the love of all things good and sacred, what the hell is going on tonight?  I came out to tell him about the limo and end up in a fight or near fight with a rogue, find out there are nightwalkers in Oklahoma, deal with drama boy and his demands.  I may seriously lose my mind before the night is over
Chapter 12. 


ABEL

I turn my attention from her to the window.  And even though it’s not right, even ethical, I think about how I’ll trick the General out of the combination.  Two can play the game, I know because I have a secret I haven’t shared with my friends.  I’ve been able to read thoughts, and not just werewolf thoughts, I can hear human thoughts too.  I don’t hear every thought and I’m not exactly an expert at it, but if I concentrate I can pick up their thoughts.  The first time I realized I could do it was when I asked my mom if I could go over to Shane’s house. She told me “No,” and gave no explanation.  I asked “why,” and she said, “I have my reasons and I’m not sharing them with you.”  I heard, “He tested positive on a drug screen my doctor’s office ran on him because his parents thought he was smoking pot.”  I’ll talk to the General and tell him about my plight. If he gives me grief, I’ll just mention the safe and tell him I’ll figure out the combination, that should force him to think about it and I’ll just break into it later.  I’m so tired of everyone telling me they are protecting my family, when I’m the one who will.
We pull up and park behind Oakley’s truck, Pru said she’d meet me inside in a minute.  I find my way into the gym (aka the basement) where we all are meeting.  I sit in one of the metal folding chairs that is oddly a bright red.  I’ve never seen a red folding chair and I think they are actually pretty cool looking.   I scooted my chair making that loud screeching noise just to fit into the semi-circle that is surrounding the General.  I like how he can stand there all casual and still have the respect from everyone in the room. 
“I think everyone is here so I’m going to start.”  General Phelan said.  “Listen up, we have a couple of rogue wolves in our area.  Don’t worry, I already know who it is and actually you do too.  Sean Youngblood and Bruce Holten decided to approach Pru and Abel tonight.”  I hear everyone catch their breath.  “Sean made a direct threat to Pru, I think he must have suffered some brain damage out there on his own.”  Pru shakes her head up and down, agreeing with her dad.  “I have someone taking care of that right now. He did however have another bit of information…. we have visitors.  Apparently the nightwalkers of the Durand clan from Baton Rouge have decided to take up territory in Oklahoma.”  A few people looked around at each other, stunned at this revelation.  “Rumor has it they bought some land in Stillwater.  I’ve sent word via Alecia Bumgardner, she is part of the local coven and apparently has a good rapport with the nightwalkers.  We’re hoping to have a meeting with them.”
Pru stood up and told everyone about the encounter with Sean, I am impressed she didn’t play down my part in taking him down.  I look over at Oakley and can tell he is pissed about the threat.  I focus on him to see if I can dip into his thoughts, all I really gather from him thoughts is ‘Their ass is mine’.  
“I want everyone to go out for a run tonight, I want ya’ll in pairs.  Oak and Pru will run here in Piedsville taking care of Abe’s house and this one.  Everyone else, you’ll be sent to different areas within a 50-mile radius of the farm. We need to establish where they are entering from and where they’re going.  There is a new night club in Bricktown, I want a couple of you to check it out.  I hear they have a couple of private rooms for Goth wannabe’s. With all of the romanticizing of vampire’s and werewolves with humans in the movie theatres, it’s started a supernatural phenomenon among teens.”  He wipes his forehead with a bandana as he looks out at everyone, taking in the reactions.  “It’d be a good cover for them, and finding a willing participant in blood exchanges would most likely happen there.  What is it they call it?  Oh, yeah.  We’re pop culture.  Go figure!”  He shakes his head in disbelief.  “Okay, you’ve been given your orders.  I implore you to be diligent and keep in mind they’re here to find Abel, remember this is our legacy and we must protect it no matter what!  Go in peace.”  General Phelan said.  Everyone disbursed, pairing up for the evening run. 
“Hey Pru, I’m sorry I came down on you so hard earlier, it’s just frustrating when everyone is telling me how to live, and in my case, die.”  I put my arm around her and pull her in for a hug.  I can’t help but wish she had feelings for me, it is getting a little old not having a girlfriend.  Everyone at school thinks we’re dating and I don’t deny it to anyone just because I don’t want to look like a pansy. 
 “Abel, I hear you want to talk to me.” General Phelan came up and put his hand on my shoulder scaring the living daylights out of me.
I stammered around trying to find my words.  “I, uh, well, uh, Sir I just, well; I uh want to see the codex.”  Mentally crossing my fingers I blurt out, “I know you have it locked up in the safe but I’d really like to see it.”  .
“What he wants to know about is, if he has to die, he doesn’t understand why he has to put his parents through the death.  He figures that he is a wolf but is still unsure of being TGW so he doesn’t want to do it.”  Pru interjected giving me one of her sarcastic eyebrow lift looks.  For a pretty girl, she sure has some mean looks.
“Thanks for being my attorney Pru.” I pull away from her and stand up straight looking General Phelan in the eye, the one thing I’m not supposed to do.  I try to focus straight into his thoughts but apparently I can’t hear his thoughts.  Damn. 
“There is a simple answer to that. No.  You kids drive safe.  Pru, you and Oakley get back by three, send me a text so I know you’re safe.  Good night.” He turns around and walks away.
“What the what?”  How did that just happen, he totally blew me off.  As he walked away he lifts his hand, shaking his finger back and forth as if he was telling me, no, no.
“And that is when we say, the Alpha has spoken.  Sorry Abe, I knew he was going to say no, you didn’t really think he was going to agree did you?”  We start picking up chairs and stack them in the corner.  “I need you to be careful around Allie for right now.  I don’t think she is dangerous, yet, but we need to figure out how we’re going to call her out.  We’re not telling everyone in the Pack about her, we need to figure things out with her first, or we’ll have a witch hunt on our hands.  She is technically in our territory so she is breaking the law by not notifying us.  It seems that she is a fledgling or will be made one soon.  Bright side of it all, we are weres, we’re bad asses and we’ll save her if we can.….. you see, there is a bright side to every dark night.  Come on, I’ll drop you off.  Oak, grab our robes so we can go run.”  We stacked the final chairs before we headed back out into the night.


Bryon climbed into the back seat of the Camero, his knees practically embedded into the back of the passenger seat.   Pru gave us the go ahead to do the sweep of my neighborhood looking around for anything that was out of the ordinary.  Apparently vampires are known for the cars they drive. They like Italian leather and fancy horses as emblems; obviously a car like that would stand out in my neighborhood.  We don’t notice anything that seemed out of place so we went home.
No need for an alarm clock when you have the hot Oklahoma sun beaming in on you as you’re trying to catch a few extra z’s.  I walk over to Bryon who had fallen asleep on my floor, putting my socked foot on his shoulder to shake him awake.  He mumbles out some girl’s name before opening his eyes.  He grabs my foot twisting it sideways.  “Little Mary Sunshine, you need to get your funky butt up before we run late.”  He shoos me away.  “I’ll be downstairs.” 
Bryon the eating machine and I stop by Sonic to grab some breakfast.  The school parking lot is practically full; I find a spot next to a beat up SUV.  I look over to the guys in the SUV and notice they are the school stoners.  I don’t even need to dip into their thoughts to figure out what they are doing.
 “What’s that guy’s name?  He’s always stoned.”  Bryon asked.
I grabbed my backpack and try to hold back a laugh.  “You think?  Yeah, that’s Brad; he’s been fried since middle school.  He’s got issues, his parents split up when he was like twelve and he decided negative attention was the only way he was going to get his old man to come around.” 
“Tragic, I hate hearing stuff like that.  I gotta go, I need to get to my locker before the first bell rings or I’ll have detention.  I’ll catch you at lunch.”  He ran up the steps practically running Julie down.  That would be epic.
It sounds like everyone is punishing their army green locker as they slam them shut, my ears too sensitive for the loud banging.  I cringe and focus my mind to listen in on my classmates thoughts.  When I turn on my listening it sounds like non-stop chatter until I push into one person and just focus on them.   I bet the girls would die to know I know they think about sex almost as much as the guys do. The girls seem obsessed with their body image, especially their boobs and hair.  Sometimes I catch myself laughing out loud when I hear something amusing, like the time I heard the science teacher Mr. Smith call the principal a few choice names one day during class.  It was so funny, I had to pretend I was coughing.
I thought about vampires all day and the fact that my sister of all people would get herself involved with them.  I pull into the gravel parking lot of the internet café that doubled as a convenience store.  My mocha frappuccino with extra espresso is just what I need after a disturbing day of eavesdropping. I google the word vampire; it has over 54 million hits.  I have to narrow it down. Of course Wikipedia has all of the definitions, and if you find it on the internet, it has to be true right?  Now that I have the 411 on vamps it’s time to go kick some vampire butt.
I dial Allie’s number, “Hey sis, whatcha doin’?”
Allie tells me she missed classes and was taking a nap.
“Have you eaten today?” I say, thinking about how much I sound like mom.
“Are you spying on me?  Is that what this is?  Mom had you call and see if I’m eating because she is afraid her little baby girl is anorexic.  Well, I’m not anorexic!  I’m just not hungry okay.  I don’t know why I’m not hungry!”  Her voice breaks, she lost her conviction and burst into sobs.  “Abe, I really don’t know what is wrong.  I’m so afraid I have cancer or something, but I’m too afraid to go to a doctor because of what they will say.”  She confided to me.
“For what it’s worth sis, I’m not spying on you.  I’m just worried; you’ve been a little cranky lately.  Oh crap, I do sound like mom, just shoot me!”  I try laughing it off.
“Don’t you think you’d be slightly cranky too if you haven’t eaten much?  Food just doesn’t appeal to me.  I haven’t lost any weight, as a matter of fact my stomach has a solid six pack and my arms look like I’ve been lifting weights.  I don’t get it.  If I could switch my days and nights it would be great.  I mean I can go to the parties and I’m fine, wide awake but man I’m draggin’ ass when I have to go to class.  The bright side to all of it, I’ve met this guy that has been hitting the parties too and he’s really cool.  You should see his car, omigawd it is an Aston Martin DB something.”  She says totally impressed.
“A DBS?  He drives an Aston Martin DBS?  Holy shamoli!  That is one sweet car!  It’s like a $300,000 car, if it doesn’t have any custom stuff with it.  He goes to school with you?  What is he, like some Prince or something?”  My mind was going in overdrive thinking about how I found the vampire responsible.  I have to go see her.  “I’m thinking about driving out that way tonight, it is so nice outside. Pru and I’ve been doing all of these work outs with Oakley and I want to relax. I thought we’d go out there and get some dinner.  I guess you’re probably not up to having dinner…but maybe you could try.  I really miss you and I know they’ll want to eat.”  I crossed my fingers she would go for the bait.
“I dunno Abe, your friend Pru always looks at me like I’m retarded or something.  You said they’ll want to eat, who else are you bringing?”  Her voice sounding like she quit crying.
“I was thinking Oakley would probably want to come.  Why don’t you bring your friend, what’s his name?”  I keep staring at my laptop monitor with the ‘vampire’ definition by Wikipedia pulled up.
“Oh, yeah we got to talkin’ about his car and I forgot to tell you how yummy he is.  His name is Arien and I can’t pronounce his last name, something like Bitch knee.”  She giggled when she said his name.
“Did you just say his last name is Bitch Knee?  What kind of name is that?”  I grab some paper and pen to write down his name so I can tell Pru about our conversation.
“It is something like that.  I’m not sure how you say it, but his accent is so thick, sometimes I can’t understand what he is saying.  It doesn’t matter… anyway, he is so beautiful I don’t care what his last name is.  You should see his eyes, oh I just love his eyes! They are almost mesmerizing when he is looking at me.  I think he likes me, I’m not sure but he seems to be into me.”  Her words were coming faster and faster.  “Mom will totally freak out when she meets him.  He wants to take me on a weekend trip to New Orleans, he said he has some family there and we’ll go out and party like I’ve never partied before.”
“What?  You’re not really considering going out of town with a guy you just met are you?  Before you answer that, I want to meet him.  We’ll be there by 7.  So, where do you want to eat?  I’m craving Olive Garden, I’ll meet you there?”  I start pacing back and forth on the phone with her, I have to talk to Pru and Oak soon, they will definitely want to see Allie.
“Okay, I’ll meet you there, but you better be on good behavior.  I don’t need another dad, I have one, so I don’t want you grilling him to death.  I have to see if he even wants to go out tonight.  I need to nap so, even if he doesn’t go, I’ll meet you at OG.  I love you and don’t tell mom about him.  Promise?”
“Promise.”  I might not tell mom but the Pack will definitely want to know about him.
I started thinking about it and was wondering if I should even take them with me.  It may be easier to go talk to her and check him out alone.  Not having a bunch of wolves up my butt will be a nice change.  Ditching them was more the issue.  I sent a text to Pru.  “I’m going to go out 4 a while, I will c u at schl 2mrrw” Text messages are so impersonal but I didn’t want to talk to her, she would know I’m lying. 


Chapter 13. 


PRU

Josie and I were going through my dream journals trying to find any link to vampires. I didn’t think I’d dreamt of any soul-sucking, life-snatching, blood fanatics.  We went back as far as two years and only found one recurring dream that could remotely be affiliated with a vamp clan.  I’d had several dreams about Mardi Gras and the man with the eyes.  I do remember his eyes, they were so golden not in a yellow way, more hazel.  The man was always in a black designer suit with a heavily-starched white shirt.  Because I was having a hard time recalling the dream in detail, Josie suggested we cast a circle and meditate together to see if I could pull some of the memory to the surface.  We gathered her crystals, candles, incense, and my mom.  Although shifters don’t typically practice witchcraft, we aren’t opposed to its use.  All of us were so in touch with the earth, we thrived off of it.  
We went into the basement and folded up the cushioned pads off of the floor so we could set up shop.  Although our circle is imaginary it is still as powerful as a drawn one…we visualize it on the ground, we place a candle and quartz crystal in four points, each to represent the four elements: earth, wind, fire, and water.  
“We are casting a circle; those that enter the Circle will enter with complete love and utmost trust.” Josie announced.

I light the candle that represents the East and say:
“To the East, I call unto you, 
Powers of wisdom brought forth by Air,
I ask that you watch over us within our circle
Let all that enter do so in complete love and utmost trust.
I bow my head holding the candle straight in front of me and set it down on the ground.

My mom lit a candle and said:
“To the South, I call unto you
The power of will brought forth by Fire,
I ask that you watch over us within our circle
Let all that enter do so in complete love and utmost trust.
She bowed her head holding the candle out in front of her and set it on the ground.
I took my place at the next corner.

“To the West, I call to you
Power of emotion guided by Water,
I ask that you watch over us within our circle
Let all that enter do so in complete love and utmost trust.
I bowed my head, holding the candle straight out in front of me then placed it on the ground.

Josie lights the final candle and says:

“I call unto the North
The power of strength, guided by Mother Earth
I ask that you watch over us within our circle
Let all that enter do so in complete love and utmost trust.
The Circle has been cast.  Prudence how do you enter?”

“I enter with complete love and utmost trust,” I say.
Josie nods her head and I take one step forward stepping over the imaginary circle.
“Dolly, how do you enter?”  Josie says to my mom.
“I enter with complete love and utmost trust.”  
Josie nodded and my mom stepped over the circle and the three of us held hands while Josie said a silent prayer.  I never bothered asking her who she was praying to, I figured if she wanted me to know, she would say it so a wolf can hear it.  Once she is finished praying she tells us to focus on the journal entries and wills my guidance to see the truth.  We stood there for what seemed a lifetime and my arms were tired from holding their hands.  All of the sudden Josie collapses to the floor.
“What’s wrong!  Wake up Josie!  Mom, do something!” I dropped to the floor trying to feel for a pulse, none.  “She doesn’t have a pulse!  Oakley!  Call 9 1 1.  I’m going to start CPR!”  
I couldn’t believe what was happening. We all took CPR training from the Red Cross in order to be able to help anyone that may have heart failure, but I never expected I’d really have to use it.  Our instincts had kicked in, leaving little to guess work.  My mom was most beautiful when she was under pressure, the concentration on her face and her ability to know exactly what to do made her an amazing second-in-command.
“Mom, where is the athame?  We have to cut the circle before anyone comes in here.” 
As quickly as Josie had collapsed, she opened her eyes and sat up.
“Abel.  He must be guided, he is on the wrong path.  Pru, you have to be careful, the Pack has never been up against such power.  Dolly, oh my beautiful sweet Dolly.  I’m so sorry.  Hand me the atheme.”  She held her hand out to my mom.
My mom put her hand on Josie’s shoulder and another hand out to help her stand.  “What did you see?” Her face was covered in terror. Mom held fast to her command but Josie continued to evade the question.
“I can’t, it’s against the rules.  I have to go.  I love you both.  Pru, sometimes what looks like the right way, is wrong, keep that in mind.  Dolly, you’re my friend; remember that no matter what happens.  I have to go.  Pru, you know how to reach me.”  She leaned over and cut the imaginary line and ran out the door.
Oakley was coming in the gym, “Whoa, what’s the hurry Jos?  Wait up!” He ran after her.
My heart was shattering in a million pieces. I couldn’t help but feel unexplained dread.  Watching Oakley run out the door chasing after her was killing me slowly.  I ran up to my room to forget the look on his face when he saw her running away.


I sat on my bedroom floor criss-cross applesauce, rocking back and forth.  I kept asking over and over:  what have I done wrong, both with Abel and Oak.  Maybe it’d be better if I did get involved with Abel, maybe if I just get involved with him I’d be able to save him from making mistakes.  Maybe I could get Oakley to realize what he is giving up, I could be the next Alpha’s mate.  Ew, I forgot, I’d have to mate with Abel.  
I grabbed some paper out of my printer and started making a list of all of the reasons to be with Abel and not to be with him, number one on that list Oakley.  
I could smell my mom at my door.  “Come in mom.” I said before she had a chance to knock.
“That was a little intense huh?  Have you figured out what she meant?”  Mom asked as she crossed the room pulling back my curtain and looking out the window.
 “Yeah, it was intense.  You’re the mom! You’re supposed to know what that was about.”  I leaned back against the wall, thinking how a normal life would be so much easier.  “Did you call 9 1 1 back?”
“I did, but an officer came anyway to check in with us to make sure everything was okay.  He just left; it was that Officer Griffith, the one Parker had issues with last year.”
“Who didn’t have issues with Parker?  Have you even heard from him?”  I brushed the hair off of her face and tucked it behind her ear, again thinking about how beautiful she is.
“No, I haven’t but your dad got a message from him letting him know he didn’t go rogue and he’ll be back.” 
“Whatever.  You know as well as I do he’s just trying to keep from being hunted.  I don’t trust him.  Did you know he was going to Abe’s every night?”  I lit some incense to help clear my head.
She let go of the curtain letting it fall back into place.  “Pru, I don’t know what’s going on with Parker but he’s one of our best, and if he says he’s okay and hasn’t gone rogue, I have to believe him.  If I don’t believe my Pack members, who do I trust?  Listen Prudence, I know how you feel about Oakley and I know that is why you’re in here sulking, but you can’t force it with him.  If you’re meant to be together it will happen.  We don’t want to see you hurt, trust the life path, I do.”
“I know, trust me I do, but it’s hard having to trust our life path.  I feel like there is so much pressure put on me to complete the task with Abel and then we get all of the crazy things that happen in between.  I don’t understand why we let Josie leave.  I don’t get it.  Really I don’t, and I’d like to be enlightened but of course I have to trust my Alpha making it impossible to go against his wishes.  Why did we let her leave?  Is she in some type of trouble?  We’ve cast how many circles over the course of our training?”  I say, struggling to keep my emotions in check.  “I think this is bunk!  I have one week before prom and I know Allie will be there at their house.  How am I supposed to stand there with someone who may have the vampire virus?  How am I supposed to pretend everything is just fine and leave her with their parents?  Really.  This is just insane.  I have to go see her, I have to know the answers.  I’ll take Oakley with me, is that okay with you and dad?”  I hated sounding so, so, oh so freakin’ whiney but everything seemed to be falling apart.
“No Pru, you’re not going to go interrogate Allie until we have more intel on her.”  
Great, just what I need, another’ direct order that I can’t go against.  Total crapfest.  My cell phone buzzed.  “I’m going to go out 4 a while, I will c u at schl 2mrrw” the text from Abe said.
Bologna, he is up to something. The entire time I’ve known him he has never sent me a message like that.  I may not be able to go find Allie myself, but I was pretty sure my little friend Abel was about to go see his sister, and the Alpha can’t do anything to me if I followed Abel and he ended up with his sister.  I’m just protecting my student.  Perfect.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

ABEL

Pru sent me a message “It’s all good.”  I wasn’t going to reply because I didn’t want it to turn into a conversation where I had to lie to her. 
On my drive I thought about the night Pru told me about being a wolf.  I wondered how she was able to astral project.  I looked it up but never had a good grasp how it was done.  Pru had so many facets to her that I had a tough time trying to understand how it all worked.  Just like my questions about me, why haven’t I shifted yet?  Who did I get the gene from, if it is a recessed gene? What parent had a werewolf in their family?  I wondered if either of my parents had any idea they had a wolf in the family.  I’m sure my mom would’ve said something about it by now if she knew.  What if I’ve been around wolves all of my life? 
I think it is the first time I’ve gone to Olive Garden and there isn’t a line to get in and no space age device with flashing lights to tell me my table is ready.  I told my waiter my name in case Allie didn’t get the text I sent letting her know where my table is.  I hear a phone vibrate and look towards the door and see my sister being escorted in by some guy.  Breathe I tell myself.  My first one on one with a real vampire, what the hell am I thinking. 
“Hey Abe.” She tosses her purse into the booth before sliding into her seat.  “How come we’re at a booth?  I thought your friends were coming. ” She looks between me and her friend.  “Arien, this is my brother Abel.  Abel, this is Arien.”
I stand up and put my hand out to shake his hand but he doesn’t reciprocate.
“Oh sorry Abel, Arien doesn’t like to touch other people, he is slightly OCD about germs.”  She shrugged and winked at me.
“It’s all good.  Pru can’t make it, she has something else going on tonight.  Hey nice to meet you Arien.”  I motioned for him to have a seat.  
“Relax Abe, we don’t bite.” She giggled. 
I am not giggling, I am trying to keep from throwing up.  The waiter brought the all-you-can-eat bread sticks. Who can turn down freshly baked sticks of love?”  I grab a bread stick and slide the basket to Arien, he shakes his head back and forth turning his nose up.  Apparently a vampire can reject hot sticks of love.
Arien looked over to me and said “I don’t touch carbs, you can have mine.  I’m sure your metabolism is faster than mine.”  He rubbed his chin and winked at me.
Holy cow, he knows. I know he knows, and he knows I know he knows, shit.  I definitely don’t know what to do.  I look over at the entrance and in walks the most glorious sight I have ever seen.  Her beautiful red hair flowing over her shoulders, her mini-skirt is short, showing off a pair of black leather boots up to her knees.  Trouble, pure trouble.  She walks over to me, her assets were looking oh so sexy in her barely there shirt.  She smiles at me and winks.  What’s up with all the winking?
“Pru, you were able to make it.”  I stand up allowing her to slide into the booth.  
“Oh Abel, I told you I’d try my best to get here in time.  I did get here in time, didn’t I?  It doesn’t even look like anyone has eaten yet.”  She reaches for the bread basket, grabs a breadstick and takes a quick bite.  The corners of her mouth lift ever so slightly as she looks between each of us.  “I didn’t interrupt anything did I?”  
“No, not at all.  We are just getting acquainted with Abel.  Are the two of you dating?”  Arien asked.
Kill me now.  I can’t believe he just asked that question, I think to myself.  “No, we’re just really good friends.”  I said while trying my best not to choke on my words.  “Pru this is Allie’s friend Arien, they were just telling me about going to New Orleans to meet some of his family.”  
“Wow, that’s cool.”  I hear Pru inhale sharply to compose herself before saying anything else.  “You have family here in Oklahoma Arien?”
The rest of the night we listen to Arien telling stories about him and his brother moving to Stillwater with their uncle and how he just started going out and about just in the last few weeks.  Well that didn’t add up.  Allie would have been bitten several months ago.  My mind was spinning but I held my own during dinner.  I did dread the ride home since Pru assured me we would have a ‘nice long talk’ later.  I was tingly with anticipation.  
Arien leaned over with a mischievous grin and whispered in Allie’s ear, “My little Valentine, I can’t wait until I’m alone with you and we can make mad passionate love, you’ll be begging me like last night.”
Oh, he is a dirty-minded jackass!  He knows I can hear him, oh I want to kill him right there on the table in the middle of Olive Garden.
At least the color in Allie’s cheeks let me know she is still human.  She leaned in whispering back “Stop it, they might hear you.”  She put her hand in his lap. Well, that’s where her hand better be.
“Oh Valentine, they can’t hear me, only dogs can hear that well.”  He lifted his glass of wine and took a sip, his eyes locked with mine.  “Allie tells me you and Pru met in high school, how charming.” He looked in Pru’s direction “You have a big family don’t you?  Allie told me you moved from Choctaw, now that is a small town.  Your father… I think I’ve heard of him before, but I just can’t put my finger on how I know that name.  Is he into politics or anything like that?”
“He dabbles in political issues between different parties, not what I’d call a politician though.  Our family does a lot for the community. His name is in the papers quiet often.  I’m sure that’s where you’ve heard of him before.”  Her hand went up to toss her hair over her shoulder.
Arien shook his head back and forth, “No, I don’t usually read the newspapers here in Oklahoma, they lack sustenance for me.”  He rubbed his imaginary mustache and said “Does he raise dogs?  I like to go to dog shows, so I was thinking maybe he’s into dogs and that’s where I would’ve seen him.”
I can tell Pru is about to blow a gasket, the tension is thick, so thick I think breathing is getting painful to do.   He is a piece of work, one I am ready to stake in the middle of Olive Garden.
“No Arien, sorry we’re not into showing dogs.  I guess it’s just a mystery.” She said through gritted teeth.
“They have prom next weekend!” Allie said with too much enthusiasm.  I can’t help but stare at her mouth trying to imagine what it would look like with lipstick on fangs.  
“Isn’t that charming, you’re a general’s daughter and you’re going slumming to a prom.  I’m sure you’ll look like a little princess with that lovely red hair of yours.  Is that real or do you have it colored?”  
I shaking my head, knowing I’m about to go left on this imbecile, but I had to keep my cool.  “Arien, surely you wouldn’t ask a lady if their hair color is real or not.  As a matter of fact she will look like a princess I’m sure.”  What I really want to do was rip his throat out.  In due time, it will happen.
“I’m sorry if that offended, I wouldn’t ever intentionally offend the date of Allie’s brother.”  He bowed his head to Pru.  “Prudence, I am sorry if that offended you.  It is Prudence correct?”
Oh no, trouble is going to happen at any minute. “Allie I’ll call you tomorrow, Pru and I better get back before it’s too late.” 
“Okay.  You’ll have to come out and stay the night with me.  Arien and I’ll take you to one of the parties, you’ll totally freak!”
Obviously the tension in the room didn’t faze her at all.  “Yeah, sounds like fun.”  I look around the room to see all the normal people eating their normal food, having normal conversations.  Here I am, having dinner with a vampire and werewolf.  Where’s the normal in that?
Our check arrived and Arien insisted on paying.  After a few minutes of the male-macho bantering. I finally agree although I’m not very happy about it.  Allie put her arms around me and squeezed me tight in saying her good-byes. I’m not going to lie, she is strong.  I still don’t smell anything different about her, so my guess is she hasn’t turned into a vampire yet.

Chapter 14. 
PRU

It took me a while to convince Oakley to drive me to Stillwater but I finally convinced him.  I knew Abel was up to something, I needed to find out what it was.  Thankfully our handy dandy GPS tracker worked like magic, leading us to the exact location of his Mustang.  Olive Garden, of course he wants all-you-can-eat breadsticks, for a wolf, he sure is a carb eater.  When I walked in I zeroed in on their table. Abel was afraid; I could smell it from the door.  I strutted to the table - working the room is one of my talents (when needed of course). I was introduced to the human leech, and instantly knew he was a vampire.  I tried getting a whiff of Allie but her smell was more Bath and Body Works, nothing supernatural smelling about her tonight.  Unfortunately it became obvious that their relationship had become physical. That is worrisome to me, especially if the lore is true. 
I had contacted Quinney to find out what he knew about vampires.  Being part of a secret society had some perks.  Rumors travel fast in our world so they had already dispatched some teams to Roanne, France; Shreveport, Louisiana; and of course Transylvania in Romania.  We agreed we would dream walk in the next few days with his findings. In the meantime, he filled me in on vampires and how they create new vamps; he e-mailed me his findings to my cell.  It read:
The lore states that one bite begins the infection of vampirism known as Human Vampiric Virus (HVV).  Unlike other virus’ it is not airborne and must be done by direct contact.  The elongated canines (fangs) will deliver the venom straight into the vein.  The properties of the venom will obtund the entry area causing the wound to be painless.   Although the neck is the preferred area of the entry, any artery is acceptable.  The sensuality of the bite is pleasurable to both the victim and the vampire, it is believed that is why the neck is the most popular area to be bitten.  Within the first twelve (12) hours of infection, the victim will be free of any aches or pains they previously experienced.  Any broken bones will quickly heal, acne will clear up, hair on the head can grow up to an inch in length in the first hours.  Venom can even cure some cancers, historically only the blood or lymphatic cancers (Leukemia, lymphoma, even hemophilia will be cured).  Victims that have other cancers will feel refreshed and usually respond well to western medicine.  Over the next thirty six hours they will start showing signs of superhuman abilities, including strength and speed.  A person will become a full blown vampire only if they are bitten at least three times within the six months of the original infection.  The bite had to happen without compulsion, so she/he would have to be under their own free will.  Feeder humans are people that don’t get bitten within the six-month period but continue offering their ‘services’ on a regular basis excluding the new moon time frame.  The bite must happen during a separate new moon all three times. The only exception is a blood moon, a bite during a blood moon will turn a human into a vampire immediately.  Vamps can never have more than five vampires under his/her (power, control, rule) at a time.  They can however release one of their ‘children’ to be an ‘adult’ vamp once they have been a vampire for a hundred years.  If they choose to, they can stake their child without being known as an exterminator.  If the child does not acclimate to HVV and causes attention to themselves or the family, they will have to be staked or the exterminators are called in, and they may not stop with just the culprit.  
Movies have convinced humans that a vampire will bleed a human to death and then in the final moments feed the human his/her blood.  Shocking, yes but not true.  The vampire will feed on the human taking in just enough blood to quench his or her thirst; the venom of the third bite will finish the humans’ transformation.  The vampire will take the human to his or her resting place and will sleep next to them until the new fledgling wakes up, usually the vampiric coma lasts seventy two hours but can last up to a week.  If they do not wake up within the week, they will be staked because they did not correctly transform and will be too dangerous for the family (the new vampire family).
Those that are only bit once or twice will eventually go back to their pre-bit days minus the illnesses they had.  Sickly humans will generally have a boost in their immune system but not always.  
Vampires aren’t immortal. Vampires grow old, not in appearance but their bodies do have a time limit although the older the vampire, the stronger and faster they are.  It is believed vampires will die on or close to their 600th birthday of being a vampire, there is no evidence of a vampire surviving past that milestone.   Vamps are not monogamous (imagine that!).  As a result, battles amongst clans are inevitably due to jealousy.  To stake a vampire you must use wood from a hardwood tree.
 My darling, I hope this will help you.  I’m sorry it is so matter of fact but I have a polo match to get to and I wanted to make sure you had this before I left.  As always my little bird, contact me if you need me.  
One thing for sure, Allie hasn’t been bitten three times because she wasn’t a vampire yet.  I had to keep them apart, but everything I read pretty much led me to believe she was as protected as I am within the clan. Fantastic.  
My research had revealed a vampire can mesmerize a victim and have them do their bidding by simply staring in their eyes, known as compulsion.  At least they can’t do it to werewolves.  
Abel looked relieved to see me, he might not feel that way once I rip him a new one.  This is one big sloppy mess.  I paste a smile on my face and take in the scene, noticing how Allie is practically sitting on Arien.  Even her scent smelled of his cologne, which was some department store overly priced kind.  And even though I read that vampire’s don’t have the same effect on werewolves I prayed that it was true.
I reluctantly sat through dinner with my dignity challenged.  It completely amazed me that a nice girl like Allie would be so eager to hop in bed with the likes of a vampire, no matter how beautiful he obviously is.  He apparently had been turned when he was in his twenties, which is old by many standards I hear.  I’m guessing he was a laborer of some sort to have the physical body he does, since a vampire’s body won’t change appearance after he or she becomes a vamp.  Although he talks about his family in Louisiana, he doesn’t have any type of New Orleans drawl.  His accent was crisp, his words had a fullness to them, his sentences proper, his mannerism rich, I’m guessing he has lived in Romania.  Maybe his sire is Romanian.  


We had exactly one week before the next new moon on April 14th.  I was certain Arien intended on biting her then.  Oakley and I figured she was originally bitten on Feb 14, Valentine’s Day, but who did the original bite if it wasn’t Arien.  Can another vampire bite someone and another vampire take over?  Or does it have to be three bites from the same vampire.  One thing for sure, we had to keep her from being bit next Wednesday.  
“Hello, earth to Pru.” He waved his hand in front of Pru’s face.  “What has you so deep in thought over there?  
“That was incredibly dumb Abel.  You’re not a werewolf yet, he could have killed you and no one would have been the wiser.  You think he wouldn’t kill your sister?  He would!  He’s a vampire, and you went in there blind without any back up.  You need the Pack to believe in you, and they have to trust you as you have to trust us, Abe.” I looked over at him and could see his jaw clenching.  “I don’t know why you’re sitting there acting like you’re mad at me, I’m the one that has gone out of my way to protect you and you’re running around like a mutt.  Pardon the pun but that is what we call immature weres.  As the Great Wolf, we expect more from you.”
“Okay!  I get it.  I’m not mad at you.  I’m mad at me, I should have known there were other supernaturals out there and it was dumb of me to think I could go up against a vampire.  I’m sure some of the things you see in movies are right since they’re obviously real.”  He shook his head.  “Pru, really, I am sorry.”
“Actually, I don’t know if you remember me talking about my friend Quinney, but I spoke with him today and he e-mailed me some information that will help us.  I’ll let you read it when we get back to Piedsville.” I turn and look out the passenger window, watching the lights in the side mirror disappear into the dark Oklahoma night. I look at the waning crescent moon, a little less than half illuminated, wondering how the moon affects so many creatures on earth.  “I guess there have been some rumors about the vamps migrating to places that are not known for them to have existed in the past.  Teams have been dispatched to different regions to find out more information.  He actually dispatched a group to Louisiana so they may come here to the farm and debrief the Pack.”  I lean towards him and put my hand on his and I say, “Abe, I know you’re sorry and I know you wouldn’t intentionally put your sister in harm, and I know you know if I catch you doing something stupid like that again, I’ll kick your ass.  Understood?”
“Eh?”  He smiles, that big dimpled grin of his.
I recline my seat and try to find my words.  “I have good news and bad news, which would you like first?”
“Is this something I should pull over for?”  He turns and looks at me “Okay, let’s start with good.”
“Allie isn’t a vampire.”  I blurt out and then say “Yet.”
“That’s good news?”  He grips the steering wheel tighter; I could see his knuckles turning white.
“Technically, it is great news.  It means we still have time to keep her from turning into one.  But we don’t have much time.”  I went ahead and read him the email Quinney sent me, assuring him I’d let him read it when we got home.
“Do you think we can stop a vampire?”
“Abe, there’s so much you should know, but yes we’re a large organization with some of the most powerful wolves you will ever come across.”  I rummage through my purse pulling out some gum.  “Wanna a piece?” he shakes his head no.  “The Phelan name comes with a lot of power, we are the elite of elite.  We are the best, so other packs send us members to train with us.  The O’Connell’s are another elite group, our difference?  We follow the rules.”
“Explain to me again why you think I’m the quote unquote Great Wolf?  Pru, I think you have it wrong.”  He floored the Mustang.
“We’re not wrong Abel. Of everything I’ve ever done, I know this is right and you’re going to be a great leader and will do great things.”  I couldn’t tell him everything; he had to learn some of it.  “Look, when I had the vision of you, it was your name that was repeated over and over.”
“Whatever.” He mumbled under his breath.
We sat in silence the rest of the way home.

 “Hi mom, is Oak here?  I want to go for a run.”  I bounced through the kitchen snagging an apple on the way out to the back porch where she said I could find him.  “Hey Oak, whatcha know?”
“I know that I’ve waited on you to get home for what seems forever.  Have you forgotten how to send me a text and let me know everything is okay?”  The crease on his forehead that he gets when he is worrying was evident.  He bumped the patio table making is screech on the concrete as he walked over to me.
“You really think I’m going to believe you’ve been sitting out here waiting on me to get home?  Please.  I saw you.  Abel might not be in tuned to all of his senses just yet, but I’ve been a shifter, oh how long now?” I looked at my imaginary watch. “I’m not sure how you got to the house before us, but I’m positive you haven’t been here very long.”  Impulsively I filled the gap between us and put my arms around him, needing to hug him even if he just saw it as a friend hug.
He pulled away a little bit looking down at me.  “Are you okay?  Did something happen to you?”  He put his lips to the top of my head and whispered “It’s okay, P, I won’t let anything happen to you.”
I melted.
I love when he calls me P, he hasn’t called me that since before I started going to school at Piedsville High.  I wish we could just stay like this forever.  I rested my head on his chest with his arms around me.  I’ll take what I can.  “Hey, you want to go run for a while?  I just had dinner with a vampire and I want to get his stank off of me.”
“I wanted to tell you that you smell kinda funny, but didn’t think it was a good time to say anything.”  He kissed the top of my head and pulled away just in time for me to slug his arm.
“Oakley!  You’re so going down!  The last one to the property line is a smelly dog!”  I yelled and changed in a matter of seconds.
We ran and horsed around until we were both exhausted, falling asleep curled up together on the back porch.  I woke up first; I had shifted back to human form and was curled up against Oakley while he was still in wolf form.  I didn’t want to wake him and I didn’t want to lay there all naked up against him.  I snuck in the house and hopped in the shower so I could get ready for school.  
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
ABEL

“Hey, I have an FBLA meeting after school and then I’m going to Pru’s house to work out with Oakley.  Don’t worry about dinner!  I love you! Have a good day at work.”  I yell out to my mom as I head out the door.
“Abe, your sister called late last night, she said you had gone out there for dinner.  Next time, you need to let me or your dad know where you are.”
“It’s all good mom.”  I think she muttered something about not knowing what that meant, but I was already in my car.
After an uneventful Julie free day at school, I drove over to Pru’s house.  “Hey Oak, are you ready to be schooled?  I’ve been practicing; Bryon and I’ve been getting in some late night spars.” 
“Good, you’re going to need it,” he reached over and bopped me on the back of the head.  
“You know, you don’t want to get on the Great Wolf’s bad side.”  I bopped him back and the next thing you knew we were squared off in a big wrestling match.  
After dinner Oakley and I sat out on the back porch drinking a Coke.  “So what gives Oak, why aren’t you and Pru dating?” 
He leaned forward and choked. “What are you talking about?  I don’t know if you realize this, but she is the Alpha’s daughter.”  He cleared his throat and leaned back in his chair.
“Really?  I didn’t notice.  Seriously, I know you like her and I know she likes you.  This sounds so high school but I know that you two would make a good team.”  I took a drink of my Coke and leaned back too.  I tried to see if I could get in his head and hear anything but I rarely get anything from the weres.  I don’t know why, since they can communicate all of the time.
“Because you try too hard.”  Oakley said.
“Dude, you heard me?”  I turned to look at his face, great!  He can hear me but I can’t hear him.  Fail.
“I don’t really hear a person when I’m in human form unless an Alpha is talking directly at me, and dude it looks like you’re the big cheese.”  He took out his cell phone and I could see him frantically sending out a text.
“I’m not the big cheese you dork.  You’re not going to get around my question.  You’re afraid of her dad?  Is that why you won’t go out with her?”  I try sounding casual.  “And before you ask, no she didn’t send me to talk to you.”
Oak stood up and starts pacing back and forth on the porch.  “Man, it’s like this.  General Phelan told me I needed to give her the opportunity to find out if she can imprint with you.  He thinks you being the almighty wolf, that you two will make a good team.  He didn’t order me not to pursue her, but it’s true.  I’m not going to interfere with nature.”
“You’re lame.”  I stand and walked over to him.  “Man, she doesn’t have a thing for me! Trust me, I know, she only has eyes for you.” I slap him on the shoulder.  
“We’ll see.  My main concern right now is to help with your senses.  Let me ask you something, last night, did you know I was following you home?”  He headed to the tree line.
I nod yes and look away, I really didn’t see him until we got closer to Piedsville but I don’t want to let him know that I was oblivious until the last ten minutes.  What kind of Great Wolf would I be not to notice someone following me for 60 miles.  “Well, yeah….uh… okay, it had been a while before I did.  I was wound pretty tight after dinner with Allie and that walking dead man blood sucker.”
“Pru filled me in about Arien, man I don’t know what to tell ya, but you’ve gotta get your sister out of his sights or you’re going to be related to a vampire.”  He kept walking further into the trees.  “Keep up pokey.  I want you to watch as I shift back and forth.  I want you to see if you can pick out my tell.”  He snagged a branch with his hand letting it swing back on me.
I twist out of the way too late, the branch smacks me in the arm.  “You suck!  What’s a tell?”
“Tell, you know… like when a person is lying their eyes may shift right before they tell the lie.   If you start looking for a person’s tell, it helps when you have to fight them.   For example, Dolly touches her earlobes before she shifts.  She didn’t even know she was doing it until I said something about it.  She told me there is a pair of diamond earrings that she doesn’t want to lose, she will double check that she took them off before she shifts.”  We stop near a cluster of pecan trees and he starts taking off his clothes.
“You’re not taking off your underwear are you?”  I look up at the tree, trying to keep my eyes adverted from looking at him strip.
He laughs.  “You don’t think I can shift in them do you?  Yea, I have to take off my underwear.  You’ll get past it, I promise.  We all see each other naked all the time.”
“Everyone?  Naked?”  I laugh.  “I can’t even begin to imagine being okay with seeing Pru naked.  You can just see her naked and not get you know…”
“Yeah.  It’s hard to explain, but you’ll get it when it happens to you.  Okay, I want to get this done so let me get started,” he said, as he pulled off his underwear. “In the beginning it takes a little longer, actually it is like waiting for water to boil.  First you have to concentrate, clear your mind from everything else and focus on your skin changing.  You’ll feel your skin get itchy and a burning in your stomach, it only lasts as long as it takes to shift. You’ll probably throw up, I know I did.  The heat comes from every cell in your body and it can get the best of you.  It gets easier, eventually.” 
“You make it sound so glamorous.  How old were you when you shifted for the first time?”  I’d been wondering about that question for a while.
 “Abe, it’s all good.  Some of us are raised in the Pack so we’re more apt to shift earlier.” 
I try not to sound whiney and ask again. “Really, how old were you Oak?”  I shake my head knowing the answer as he said it.
“I was 8, but like I said Abe, I was raised with it everywhere I turned.  For the record, I barfed my brains out at least the first ten times I shifted.”  He patted my shoulder.  “Wow, you must be working out, I can feel those muscles, man you’re getting buff.”
“Oakley, really you are a dork, could you not touch me while you’re naked.  It is a rule I have, no naked dudes touch me.  Just so you know, you trying to change the subject isn’t working.  So you were 8 years old?  Great.  How old was Pru when she shifted?”  A feeling of defeat washing over me, and I can’t help but hate the fact that it bothers me at all.  It isn’t like I’ve known I’m a were for very long. 
“I don’t know, she was really young though.  Younger than most, she was maybe three or four.”  Oakley stopped talking and nodded towards a tree.
Leaned up against the tree I see Pru standing there in her jeans and blue sweater.  “I was two and there is talk I was younger than that, but no one saw it.  I was a little young to shift.  Alistar was the one that was with me.  I’d been in my playroom, crawling around on the floor pretending to be a dog like Alistar.  If I remember right, he started whimpering and I shifted.  I don’t think I knew I had shifted, I was playing make believe, so I figured I had a great imagination, until I was following Alistar and he took me to my mom.  At first she didn’t think it was me, I was just a little wolf so she thought maybe an orphaned one found us, until she couldn’t find me in the playroom and then she figured it out.”
“That’s kinda cool.  I feel like a grandpa compared to the two of you, I’ll be an old man before it happens for me.”  I shake my head, tired of waiting for answers neither of them could give me.  I leaned on a tree, discouraged at best.
Not even paying attention to the real task at hand, watching Oakley shift into a wolf.  Knowing he is only trying to help me prepare for my ‘natural change’ I try to stay focused. “Oakley was going to show me how he shifts. Did you bring some popcorn for the show?”  I flash them my biggest cheesiest grin.
“Oh Lord.  No, I’m not staying for the show.  Good thing too, with him standing here naked and you standing there staring at him was on the creepy side.”  Pru shakes her head, grin on her face.  “Unless of course Oakley wants my critique on his shifting abilities.”  
Oakley looks at her, his face serious when he says, “I’m not too proud to have your critique, I’ve shifted with you many times P, I’ve nothing to hide.”  He winks at her.
If I didn’t know better, I’d think she blushed about three shades red.
“Toodles, you two.  I’ll see you in a bit.”  She took off towards the house.
“How do you do it?  I mean, how do you shift in front of a woman and not be a little shy?”  
“Don’t worry, once you shift on a regular basis, it comes naturally and we don’t see it as a sexual interlude.  I mean, of course I can appreciate a naked woman, but when you’re in the wolf state of mind, it isn’t like that.  Just like when Dolly shifts, many times she shifts back and forgets she is naked until the General reminds her that her boobs are dangling over the kitchen stove.”  He laughs. “Really, you’ll figure it all out soon enough.”
“You think it’ll be soon?”  I ask as I dig in my pocket for some chap stick. 
“Abe, I have no idea.  No one really ever knows, sorry I can’t be more help. I think Pru would be the most informed.  It isn’t like we have a sign that says Abel will shift on May 10, it just happens.”  He scratches his head.
“Why do you think Pru would know then?” I ask.
He looks at me and laughs.  “She is the shaman wolf queen.  Before you get your snout all bent out of shape, you know she can’t tell you if she does know.  We can’t interfere with fate.  If you’re ready, I’m going to shift now. You don’t have to turn your head, I’m not ashamed of my sleek physique.” He poses.
“Dude, that is just wrong.  Wrong on just so many levels.  If you’re going to shift, get on with the show.”  Awkward.
“I’ll talk you through what I’m going through, until I can’t talk anymore.  Since I’m trying to do it in slow motion, I’m going to get on the ground, it will be easier to will different parts of my body to shift.  Ready or not, here I go.  First, I feel tingly all over, like when your foot is waking up from being asleep.  My saliva is getting thicker and my mouth is very full of spit, excuse me if I drool a little bit since I’m talking.”  He takes a hand and wipes his mouth off.  “Sorry about that.  I feel intense heat, it is spread from my neck to my toes.” He shakes his legs. “Okay, now my body is going to start shifting on the outside.  My heart is speeding up.” He started to sound winded like he had just been out running.  “I feel pressure on my lower spine.” His tail starts to appear.  “I’m trying to just shift my legs first, the pain is intense but the longer you’ve been shifting the easier it gets, and one day you learn how to control it.”  He curls into the fetal position and I watch in awe as his body turns him into a magnificent beast.
I stand there, amazed by his incredible stature.  He walked over to me and I just stare at him.  He is a very large wolf, his fur mostly black, his ears look like velvet and are so alert.  His mouth and forelegs are light brown; it is the only part of his body that isn’t covered in pitch black fur.  The most impressive animals, ever, I think.  He bowed his head down a little and I put my hand on his head, feeling his fur in my fingers.  He stood on all fours about five feet, his paws were huge, I’m sure they’re so big to hold such a massive animal.  He walked around me and stood before me again, his brown eyes alert, almost like he was willing me to hear something, but I didn’t.  I’m trying to hear you but I can’t, if you can hear me nod your head, I think.  His head bobbed up and down.  Of course, he can hear me but I’m not wolf enough to hear him. 
He squats down and I see he is shifting back to his human body.  After putting his jeans back on he comes over and pats me on the back.  “Whatcha think?  We have a photographer come out once a year for ‘family portraits’ that is when I first realized how big we get.  I’ve been my wolf size since I was about 12.  I was tiny when I was younger so I was stunned the first time I saw pictures of me.  We’ve only been doing the family pictures for a few years, I had no idea before.”
“I bet it was interesting to see.”  I rock from foot to foot, still thinking about when I’ll get to shift.
“Don’t sweat the small stuff Abe.  Really, it will work out and everything will be fine.  The Pack is warming up to you and I know the General is very impressed with you.  Come on, I think Dolly made us some barbeque ribs and smashed taters.”  
“Well, my sniffer works perfect.  I’ll race you, I’m really fast.”  We both turned and ran to the house. 


Chapter 15. 


PRU

It’d been three days since our dinner in Stillwater.  I’d been dream walking with Quinney the last two nights trying to find out if they had any new information.  It seemed as though whatever the vamps were up to, they were keeping it secret.  His group he dispatched to Louisiana was planning a trip to Oklahoma next month.  He told me that he had them rent a house and join the chamber of commerce to find out the goings on in the town.  Apparently one of the guys was an American that was an attorney too, so he filmed a commercial on how he could help them recover money if they were an accident victim.  Nice, an ambulance-chasing supernatural.  What America needs more of, sweet. 
I hung up with Allie after asking if she wanted to do some last minute shopping for prom stuff.  Lucky for me she was on her way to town anyway for a family get-together tonight.  Abe hadn’t said anything about a get-together so I was a little surprised.  We agreed to meet at the mall at noon.
The house was easier to get out of then I expected.  I look at my car and take a mental note that it needs to be washed this weekend.  Spring rains on dirt roads make for muddy clay and I had a serious clay problem both in and out of my car.  The mall isn’t busy so I find a parking place without too much problem. I got to the mall early just to get my game on. I wanted to make sure Arien wasn’t with her hiding in one of the corners.  I was guessing the stories were right about their keen sense of hearing and smell so I needed the upper hand.  We agreed to meet in the food court.
She arrived dressed in Burberry’s latest ad campaign featuring Emma Watson.  I know she can’t afford the clothes so I was guessing Arien had financed a shopping spree.  “Wow Allie, you look amazing!” I gushed, I’m not really a gushing kind of girl, but I can appreciate designer clothes.  Allie did a little spin to show me the back.  “I love it.  You look like you just walked off a runway.”  She was looking thinner to me, can vampires be heavy?  Good question.
“Don’t you just love it?  Arien saw me looking through a magazine last week and he ordered everything from their summer catalog for me.  I’m still shocked!  He is so sweet.”  She was radiant.  Great, this may be harder than I originally thought.
I looked around trying to get a feel for Arien, but I didn’t sense him.  “That was really sweet of him.  I’m surprised you let him buy you such extravagant gifts being you just met him.”
“Actually, I didn’t just meet him.  We met a couple of months ago when he was in town visiting his uncle.  We met at the Broken Hearts’ Ball they have every year at the C’est La Vie club.  You really should go there with me.  It’s like Goth meets glamour, black décor but they have cool crystal chandeliers and the drinks are served in crystal.  One of the girls I went with tried to tell me it was Waterford crystal but I really doubt it.  I do think the chandeliers are Waterford though.  I just love the place.  They play really great music and the guys are all like Arien.  Seriously, they are.  They’re like the old movie stars that are on the oldies TV stations.”  She bounced around like she was slightly tweaked on something.  She reached in her Gucci bag and pulled out some designer lip gloss “Want some?” she held it out to me.
“Uh, no.  Sounds like a fun place.  Is it one of those role-playing clubs?  Does everyone think their name is Edward?”  I sounded a little more sarcastic than intended.
“No.  I’m not a loser, seriously Pru, you know me better than that.  Don’t you?”  She thrust her lip-gloss back in her purse.
I felt like I was treading on murky water with her.  I put my hands up, “It’s cool, let’s go down to Claire’s and find some earrings for my dress.”
We walked and talked and hit every store.  Arien apparently got her a credit card without a limit and told her to spend all she wanted.  I’ve never gone without anything but I’m careful with my money. All of that designer stuff could be found in no name brands for a fraction of the cost.  I’d rather have a fancy trip or nice cars then a $1500.00 purses.  We stopped at Starbucks, as we sat sipping on coffee I decided to go in for the kill.  
“Hey Allie, I need some help with my hair, do you think you can come over Wednesday night or I can go to Stillwater.  I want to do a practice run before prom.”  I crossed my fingers.
“You’re cute, as if you need help with your beautiful hair.  I’ll check with Arien, he said something about having a surprise for me this week.  I’ll def be able to make it for Saturday.”  She sipped on her coffee making a face like it tasted terrible.
“Oh, okay.  I really wanted to get in a practice run.  I want to look perfect for prom.  I’ll be your best friend forever.”  I put my hands together in prayer and made my best puppy.  “You’re killing me.  When did you get so needy?  You have to come to Stillwater, I have class at 8:00 am on Thursday and I can’t be late.  I’ve been sleeping in from staying out so late with Arien.  He is so good to me.”   She says, her eyes dreamy and smoldering.
I turned and looked at her “You’re not sleeping with him are you?”  I tried to play dumb just in case our conversation was being listened to by ears I couldn’t see or smell.
She sat there with a mock shocked look on her face.  “Prudence, what makes you think I’m sleeping with him?”  She puts her hand to her mouth trying to look innocent.
“I don’t know, maybe the way you two were all over each other the other night, that might be a small clue,” I say a little snidely.    I couldn’t figure out if she was for real or not.
“You should see your face.  Ha!  Don’t say anything to Abe okay?”  She leaned in closer. “Yes, he is amazing and so considerate.  He would have waited but I’m the one that instigated it.  I couldn’t help myself.  If you could see what he looks like without a shirt on, you’d understand what I mean.  Seriously, that club is full of Oakley types.  I don’t know why you aren’t all over that man, he is delicious.  Maybe if you had a little sexual interlude you wouldn’t be so uptight and serious.”  She shook her head back and forth as I sat there mouth hanging open.  “I’m being mean Pru, but you come off very strict sometimes.  I’d suggest you have a fling with my brother but I think you need a man with a little experience under his belt, and Oakley def has experience.”
Oh no she didn’t.  I didn’t even want to think about Oakley with another woman, come to think of it, I’ve never heard him talk about going on a date.  “I’ve got too much to think about right now to have some sexual interlude.  Didn’t you take Health classes?  I’d be too afraid of catching something, I’d rather wait until I love someone.  Don’t even look at me like that, seriously I just wouldn’t do it.  You’ve seen my family, they’d kill me and the guy.  You’ll just have to trust me on that.”  I felt a little embarrassed talking about her sex life, mainly because I don’t have any experience in that department.  Sure I’ve kissed guys but I’ve never really liked anyone well enough to go all the way.  Call me a romantic or whatever but no one will call me easy. “Back to prom.  I’ll come out Wednesday after school, be ready for a girls night in.”  
“Yeah, that’ll work for me.  It’ll give me time to take a nap before you get there.  I’ve been so tired lately, Arien has me taking a multivitamin he thinks I might be anemic. I haven’t noticed it helping but he thinks it is.  He really is too good to me.”  She says, voice almost a whisper, her eyes looking right through me.  “I’ll see you Wednesday.”  She gave me a small hug and did her fake kisses on each side of my head.
I pushed the big heavy door going out to the parking lot.  This afternoon just got a little complicated.  Oakley was leaned up against my car with his arms crossed.  I couldn’t see his eyes because of the dark sunglasses, but I could tell by the way he held his mouth that he wasn’t happy. I couldn’t help but think of the conversation Allie and I had about sex.  I’d love nothing more than Oakley to pull me close to him and kiss me and whatever else came next, yeah whatever was next.  I shook my head, I had to clear it so I didn’t look like some sex-starved teenager.  He was wearing a tight black thermal shirt and a pair of William Rast jeans that fit him just right.  Damn.
“Hey Oak, what brings you out on this lovely day?”  I flash him a toothy smile.  Let the lecturing begin. 
“Prudence Phelan, do you have any idea how difficult it is to protect someone you’re assigned to when they keep running off with vampires.  Is there some type of mental block with you?”  He took off his sunglasses for a dramatic effect.  His finger wagging and his eyes piercing through me as he scolded me like a child. I grabbed his wagging finger pulling it to my mouth and bit it.  “What the hell is wrong with you, you bit me!”
“It got your attention didn’t it?  It wasn’t like it was a secret! Did you bother sending me a text or call me?  You know, there is a little invention called a phone.”  I shouted. Men could be so annoying.
He points to my purse.  “I did call, look at your phone and see how many missed calls you have!  Pru, this is serious, don’t you get it?  I’m your shadow, we’re a team dammit and I can’t protect you if I’m always having to go to I.T. having them run a check on your GPS in your car.  Sooner or later your dad will assign someone else if he thinks I can’t keep up with you.  What gives?”
Guilt settling in the pit of my stomach, I close the gap between us and put my arms around him, he stands rigid not putting his arm around me.  “Oakley, I’m sorry.  It has nothing to do with going somewhere without you; I was just meeting her to convince her to spend next Wednesday with me.  I never heard my phone.  Forgive me?” I lay my head on his chest and finally feel his arms go around me, I hear him inhale deeply.
He whispers to the top of my head.  “You have no idea what you do to me.  You’re everything to me Pru, not just because I’m assigned to you, because you’re my friend.  You’ve got to be careful hanging around vamps P.”  He kissed the top of my head and I felt chills go down my back.  “You cold?”
“No, I guess someone just ran across my grave.”  I repeated the old superstition to cover my real reason for chills.

The Pack had a meeting with Alecia about the vamps.  Apparently the leader of the clan had originally agreed to meet us, but something has come up and he changed his mind.  Alecia’s coven sells charms and apothecary without discrimination to all the supernaturals unless of course it is for the dark arts.  She told us the vampires have all been very cordial and have only wanted charms to protect them when they are sleeping and some homeopathic remedies for vitamin deficiency for the blood donors.  She remembered someone recently asking for allergy medicine. How considerate, whatever.  So that is why they don’t sneeze around us, they’re taking allergy med’s.  I bet the vitamin Arien is giving Allie is an allergy pill.  
Why Oklahoma?  I couldn’t figure out why, historically vamps don’t venture far from their clan.  I wasn’t sold on the cordial mumbo jumbo.  I think they are up to something and if I’m right… they’re trying to get to Abel.   
I raised my hand.  “Alecia, did they give you any idea when they will be able to meet with us?  Or even why they’re here?”
She told us she thinks they are friendly and doesn’t believe they’re up to anything.  After the meeting, Oak and I went to talk to Bryon letting him know he really had to keep an eye on Abe.  We didn’t include Abel in the meeting figuring the less he knew, the less he would tell in case he is able to be glamoured by the vampire. 
The days were full of speed training just in case there was any hand-to-hand combat with Arien.  One of the Texas Pack members is a master of Capoeira. I’ve taken some classes with him in the past but it was just the movement training, now we are sparring.  I suffered a concussion from one of the head butts he did to me, thankfully I fully recovered in a few hours.  Abel joined in on all the fun, he was a natural.  We all watched in amazement as he mastered every task.  Abel caught on the Chamada before I did.  It is a ritual-like call to the game of capoeira.  I excel in signals in our Pack but not so much with the capoeira. 
Tuesday night I went out to the farm wanting to spend the night in my old room and spend some time with my dad.  After dinner we settled in on the couch together to talk about Abe’s training.  The Pack was starting to warm up, and no one went out of their way to avoid him anymore.   Not from what I can tell at least.  His leadership skills were a subject of interest to my dad; he thought we need to instill more confidence in him.   The melon candle filled the room with a nice summer scent.  The big wrought iron lamp with its energy efficient bulb giving the room a warm glow, I stretched my legs kicking off my sandals to curl up more against my dad.  I asked him to tell me the story of the Great Wolf just like he has done since I was a little girl. 

On the 20th day of September 1805 your great great grandfather Conri O’Connell arrived in New York City after a long and tiresome voyage.  Many of the passengers on the ship were afflicted with scurvy due to the lack of fresh vegetables and fruit.  Weres are resistant to the common day diseases and he stayed in good health.  Conri was jubilant to have arrived in the America’s and was hopeful that his quest to find the tales he had heard was true.  Conri left Ireland after hunters had killed most of his Pack, leaving only four to carry on the family name.  He came to America in search of the Great Wolf.  The Pack was told about the Great Wolf when a Pack from Germany traveled through his hometown of Kilkenny, Ireland.  The German Pack had been traveling in search of other weres that may know more about the tale of the Great Wolf.   They told the O’Connells the tale of a man that will be the Great Wolf and will be of American decent.  The American wolf would be born to a non-were mother with no mention of the decent of his father.   The German weres talked about another Pack in America that would help raise the Great Wolf to his powers. After hearing all of the stories, Conri decided it was his duty to locate the Great Wolf and challenge him for his powers.  Conri traveled throughout the territories that are now known as the United States looking for another wolf Pack.  He traveled for the next twenty years without finding any signs of any weres.  He was lonely and needed to find a mate to start a Pack.  He traveled to Louisiana after finding out there were French that had traveled by boat.  He was hopeful that another were had come to America too.  Shortly after arriving in Louisiana he met a mortal girl Helena.  It is understood she was beautiful beyond words, long raven-colored hair and eyes as blue as the ocean’s depth.  Conri bit her early on in their courtship when his loneliness overcame his restraints. He was determined she would be his mate for life.  Helena embraced her new life as a werewolf. Together, they had fifteen children, one being your grandmother Estelle who married Patrick Phelan, a were that had traveled from Ireland in search of the Great Wolf.  In the late 1800s Estelle, who was also a shaman, dreamt of the land of the Red Man and one of the Red Men in her dream told her the ancestors of the wolf they sought had been born in their land.  The dream gave Patrick and Estelle the new found strength to continue Conri’s quest in finding the Great Wolf.  Before Conri’s death he told his daughter Estelle that the Great Wolf will be nearing adulthood when he completes his first shift.  His reign will be fierce and uncompromised; a great war between the Others will cause deep pain to the empathetic wolf.   Once he shifts he will have thirty days to choose the Pack to which he will pledge his loyalty; the Alpha of the chosen Pack will relinquish his reign.  It is told that any wolf that challenges the Great Wolf and successfully kills him will gain his powers.  If the challenger loses the battle he will be banished to Romania, the land of the damned.  If the challenger was Alpha, his Pack can pledge their allegiance to the Great Wolf and vow never to strike again or they too will be banished.  His mate will bear him five sons and one daughter.  The Great Wolf’s Pack will gain new abilities that have not been foretold.  The attributes that give signal of the Great Wolf
Born on August 17th 
Born of a mother that heals
Born with a crescent moon shaped birthmark
Once around Pack wolves he will gain superhuman strength and speed
Empathetic 
I’d forgotten the empathy ability, hmmm, not sure if he is empathetic.  “Dad, what happened to Helena’s children?  Are they still alive?”
“As you know love, our kind can be careless, this causes hunters to hunt and kill.  One of the largest problems was the vampires.  They had taken up residency in Louisiana and wanted to have squatter’s rights. They demanded the weres leave and gave them a generous amount of time to go.  My understanding was Conri and ten of his children fought the vamps and lost.  Helena lost her life to a hunter’s arrow.”  He lowered his head making the sign of the cross.  “The remainder of his children scattered across the country and started their own packs.  I only have contact with one, they are in Maine.  They aren’t the friendliest group but they are strong and intense rogue hunters.”
“We have relatives in Maine?  What’s their name?”  I felt a little betrayed, it was hard to explain but I’d kept the log on the packs in the United States for the last five years and not once was there ever mention of a pack in Maine.  I watched his expression to see if he showed any tell sign of lying to me.
He sat there what felt like forever.  “Yes, there is a Pack in Maine.  They are ruthless and trust me the less you know of them the better.”
“That seems a little contradictory to what you’ve always said to me though.  You’ve always told me to know my enemy, now you’re telling me the less I know the better?”  If another Pack wolf talked to my father like that, they would be punished.  I walked a fine line with him at times, just because we were so much alike. “So, which is it dad?”
“It’s a complicated situation with them.  They blame your great-grandfather Patrick for the death of their family.”
“That doesn’t make any sense.  They would be just as guilty, because they left too.”  I stood up and started pacing the room.
“True, they did leave.  They claim Patrick had promised to find a safe place for them to hide.  It is said that he told them he worked out a deal with one of the vamps and were told if they stayed away and didn’t bother the vampires they would respect their Pack.”  He shook his head.  “Patrick traveled back to Louisiana to tell his family of the treaty that had been agreed upon.  He traveled for days trying to find them when he learned of their death.  The vampire that had made the agreement had been staked, the other vampires believed the werewolves had staked him because it happened in his nest.  It is unknown if they had anything to do with Audric’s staking.  That was his name Audric, he was from Paris and apparently was a very old vampire.”
“I don’t get it; that means the family could have had something to do with the staking of Audric, so they are the guilty ones.”  
“Yes, you’re right love, but they don’t feel that way.  They think Patrick had more information and he didn’t share it with them.  They blame him for not traveling up to Maine and telling them of the demise of their family.  It was mid-winter, not the best travel in the 1800s winter time to Maine.”  He grabbed a beer out of the bar taking a big drink.  “It is the Jackson Pack, that’s their name, Jackson.”
“Is Parker related to them?  There’s always such mystery surrounding him, is he one of them?”  I demanded.
“Yes, he is a Jackson.  Before you get all mighty and righteous, he left with his mother when he was just eight years old.  His mother died on their journey across the country, he knew she was trying to find us and after a few years it was brought to our attention there was a young were without any guidance traveling alone, so we searched for him and he was brought in.  He is loyal to us, I assure you of that.”  He finished off his beer and opened another.  “Prudence, this is classified information and I trust you won’t confront Parker.  You are not to contact them. They will not be receptive to you.  They would be very dangerous to Abel until he shifts, so don’t go looking for trouble.  That is a direct order, just in case you weren’t aware.”
I rolled my eyes, another one of those attributes that wouldn’t be tolerated from another member of the Pack.  “Yes dad, I am fully aware.  I don’t like it, and I don’t trust Parker but I’ll leave it.”  I kissed his forehead and picked up my jean jacket.  “I have to get to bed. I love you, just in case you were unaware.”  I winked at him.
“I love you too, Prudence.  I thought you were spending the night tonight.”  He looked at me skeptically.
“I was but I have a feeling I’ll need a long run and won’t get much sleep.  I better just drive back tonight that way I won’t have to worry about the long drive and being super tired.  I’ll let you know how things go tomorrow night.”  I grabbed my keys and headed for the door.
“Good night honey.”  He hugged me.
“Good night daddy.”  I squeezed him back.


Chapter 16. 

As planned I went to Stillwater to meet up with Allie.  I knocked on her apartment door and was literally absent of breath when Arien answered.  He was not the least bit surprised I was there.  “Hi Arien, is Allie here?”  I tried my best to sound cheerful and not let on about my surprise.
“She should be back any minute. I’m just sitting here with her mother Natalie.  Please come in.” He smirked at me.
“Hi Nat” I leaned over and gave her a hug trying to smell any indication of Arien biting her.  “I didn’t know you were coming out here.  We could’ve car pooled.”  My brain was scrambling to figure out why she was here alone.
“I’m sorry Pru, it was the funniest thing, I was in my car driving and missed my exit. Somehow I ended up headed this way.  I was already half way here when I realized what had happened and thought I’d come on out anyway.”  She shrugged her shoulders and smiled at me with her perfectly lipsticked lips.  “I knew you girls were going to do a trial run for prom and I thought it would be a good girl’s night in.  I can’t wait to see what you’re wearing.  Arien was here when I got here, he is such a delightful story teller.”  She patted the seat on the couch next to her signaling for me to sit down.
I sat down without hesitation, trying to reach Oakley or anyone from the Pack telepathically to no avail.  “I’m sure he is a delightful story teller.  Arien what story were you telling, I’d love to hear it too.”  I tried my hardest not to sound snarky, but sometimes snarky is called for, this was one of those times when a were has to entertain a vampire.
“Oh, he was telling me this idea for a book he had regarding werewolves and vampires.  I guess the vampires are the victims and the werewolves are some type of devil creature that must be erased from civilization.  He thought it would be great to include Louisiana and Oklahoma.  You know how those Anne Rice books had the vampires in Louisiana?  He would just play off of that.  Do I have the story right Arien?”  She looks over to him, obviously smitten with his vampire charm.
“Yes, that is pretty much the story in a nutshell.”  He looked over at me and winked.
For the love of all things sacred, just what I need, him telling stories to Abel’s mom.  Fantastic!  “I’m not really good with those type of stories, the gory stuff creeps me out.  I prefer a love story.”
Natalie patted my leg saying. “Oh, this is a love story, about how the girl turns into a vampire spending the rest of eternity with her love.  There was the gory part about how the vampire killed her whole family but they did try to interfere with his destiny.  It gives me goosebumps just talking about it.  Arien, I think you really have something there.” She practically swooned.  I’m not 100% sure what swooning is, but I’m sure Natalie was all over Arien, and he knew it too.
Really?  This is how my day is going to go?  I’ve got a psychotic vampire telling fables to the Great Wolf’s mother, her being hoodwinked into believing it is all make believe and that he is writing a book about it.  I wish someone would just put me out of my misery.
“Yeah, that sounds a little farfetched for me.”  I look at Arien without an expression.  I knew he wanted me to go into panic mode and make a mistake.  I was damned if he was going to see me falter.
“I’ve always enjoyed a little bit of gore with my love stories.  I’ve never really liked the whole werewolf thing, they’re so disgusting but you can’t have vampires without werewolves.  You’d be surprised what people will do for love, vampires are lovers and fighters.  Nasty old werewolves are just dogs with glowing eyes.  Definitely not lover materiel.”  Arien stood and went to the kitchen.  “Would either of you ladies like a little drink?  There is some V8 in here, oh and some diet cokes, I don’t know why women insist on drinking that nastiness, but it’s your choice.”
“I’m fine.”  I said.  “I’m going to run down to the drug store for some eyeliner.  Nat would you like to ride with me.” Please please please say yes.  I can’t leave her alone with a vampire that apparently has some type of spell over her.
“No dear, I think I’ll just sit here and talk with Arien.  Allie should be here any minute. I just sent her a text message to tell her we are here.”  She turned and looked at Arien “Allie was surprised to hear you were over. I didn’t understand her text but she didn’t think she would see you until tomorrow.”
He smiled at Natalie “Oh that’s true, I wanted to bring over these flowers for her to liven up the place.  I left a gift box on her bed; it’s a dress she was admiring in one of those silly fashion magazines she likes so much.  Natalie, as much as I’d love to stay and talk, I do have an important meeting to get too.”  He bowed his head at me. “Pru, it was delightful seeing you as always.”  He bowed towards Nat. “It was a pure pleasure meeting you Natalie, the beautiful Alyssa’s mom.”
He and I walked out of the house at the same time.  I’d love to know how he is out on a sunny day without sunglasses, very interesting.
“The beautiful Prudence Phelan, just having the opportunity to watch you squirm makes my heart smile.”  
Oh I wanted to drop kick him.  “What is your game Arien?”  I remotely started my car.
“No game dear, trust me, I’m a champion when it comes to games.  If you have the Great Wolf and you turn him over to me, I’ll let Allie go, pretty simple.”  
So they don’t know who the Great Wolf is.  Yay, we score a point.  “That is all a fable Arien, one to keep weres optimistic about their existence.   What does Allie have to do with any of it anyway?”
“Well since your little pack of dogs is harder to infiltrate than expected, we decided a family friend would be just as good.  A bargaining chip as some would say.” He points to Allie’s car as she is pulling in.  “You should see your face, isn’t it lovely how she revels in the richness and extravagance?  Her last heartbeat will be soon and she will live as a nightwalker if you don’t tell us where the Great Wolf is.  I’ll personally go to Ireland and talk to the mutts there if I have too.  Your call.  By the way, keep those witches away.”
I waved at Allie and mouthed to her that I’ll be right back.  I called my dad to let him know we had to boost our security immediately.  I told him later I’d come out and we can all meet in his private room.  
Dammit, why can’t anything just go as planned.  I’m really tired of thinking I’ve got a good grasp of the situation just to have the rug pulled out from under me.


~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

ABEL

I answer the door on the second buzz of the doorbell.  “Hey Oak, Bryon and I are just about to cook some burgers out on the grill with my dad.  Come on in.  How many burgers do you want, I’ll make up some patties.”
“I’ll take a couple, thanks.  I never get a chance to see your dad, this’ll be cool.”  He tosses his jacket on the back of the couch.  Everything he does, always comes across as cool, I’d like to learn that.
“All the pretty women are out of the house, you aren’t here to see my ugly mug are you?”  I like the idea of a guy night; Pru is fun but I need to burp and be a guy sometimes.
“It’s your lucky day Abe, I’m here just to see you.  Well, Bryon too.  Your dad is out back huh?”  He grabs one of the trays of burgers and helps me carry them outside.
I grab a Frisbee and toss it to Bryon, he tosses it to Oakley and we play until the burgers are ready.  My dad drinks a couple beers and joins in.  As the sun starts to set, the mosquitoes come out trying to kill us with their relentless blood sucking bites.  “Hey, I’m ready to go in, I’m getting ATE UP!”  I said as I slapped at my ankle.
 “Dad, is it okay with you for Bryon and I to head over to the Phelan farm?  Before you say it, I know, I have school tomorrow.”  
“Don’t worry, I’ll make sure they get back in time.”  Oakley said.
“Yeah, but guys, don’t make me regret letting you go out on a school night.  Don’t be late.”  He buddy hugged me and for a brief moment I felt a strange vibration of power go through my body, it made me shiver.   I didn’t say anything to the guys, to me it felt secretive.  We climb into my car, Bryon scampering to get in the back seat; sitting sideways to have more room for his legs.  I crank up the stereo for our drive to Choctaw.  Oakley rolls his eyes at me as Lady GaGa assaults our eardrums claiming she was born that way.

 We walk in the house and see Mr. Phelan standing in the foyer with his arms crossed and a look of intense concentration on his face.  “Hi General, how are you?” I take note he is still in his gardening clothes.
“Abel, I need you to come with me, we need to talk.”  He turns around and I follow him into the activity room.  He told all the Pack members to go play in traffic as he closes the door behind me.
“You seem a little serious sir, is everything okay?”  Dread overwhelming me as I study the look on his face.  I feel vibrations of concern bouncing off of him.
“Well Abe, you and I need to come up with a plan.  I know Pru has been out visiting your sister tonight, and ironically your mother showed up.”  He sits down on the oversized couch.  “Don’t worry, apparently it works out in our favor anyway.  The girls are doing their girl stuff and your mom and Pru are staying the night out there.  That vamp was over there earlier but he was booted out.”
“My mom?  Can’t someone do something?  She’s in over her head, she’ll get hurt.  General, is someone out there protecting them?”  I feel panic take over my rational thought process.
“I’ve sent someone out there to watch over your sister and mother.  Sadly that is one of the problems living in a world that mixes humans along with non-humans.”  He sits back on the couch, he puts his hand behind his head, propping his feet up on the coffee table.  My mom would’ve killed me.
“I’m sorry, but I’m not sure what that is supposed to mean?  My Mother didn’t mean to give birth to the future leader of the werewolves of the universe I’m sure.  Of all the losers my sister has dated in the last few years, we sure as hell didn’t pick a vampire for her to start knocking boots with.”  I stand up and started pacing.  “I don’t mean any disrespect sir, but I really don’t see how this is their fault.”
“You’re right Abel, and I’m glad you feel passionate about what you say.  We need that passion; we need you to be certain of your decisions.  One thing for certain, your family does need protecting, but I’m not sure how far we’ll be able to go with your sister.  Of course we’ll do what we can, but our priority is you.”  He pointed his finger at me, making me feel like a little boy.
“General, I can’t let them have Allie.  If he turns her into one of them, I’ll have no other choice but to stake her.  We can’t let it happen, and I need the Pack behind me on this.”  
Uncharacteristically the General stands up and walks over and puts his arms around me.  “Abe, I get it… I do, but our focus is the protection of you.  We need you to concentrate on your destiny and let us worry about the vampires.”  He pulls away holding me at arm’s length.
At that moment I feel every nerve in my body come alive, my head itched, my feet were throbbing and the burn in my stomach made me want to hurl.  “Is it happening?  Am I turning into a were?”
“No, soon though.”  He left the room calling for the Pack to come and join us as we discussed the plans for the vamps.  I am relieved when he tells them Allie is a priority. 


Bryon and I are sitting in my room when all of the sudden he tells me that he is pledging his guardianship to me and he will be a faithful warrior.
 “Bryon, dude seriously you don’t need to pledge anything to me.  I’m not sold on the whole Great Wolf gig,” I say to him.  
“I know you aren’t, I just want you to know I will follow your lead.  It will be strange having the General in our Pack and him not be the Alpha, I think that will be the hardest part for us and for him.”  Bryon looks out my bedroom window, watching for signs of other weres or vampires.
“If it all goes the way everyone thinks it will go and I am the almighty, I want the General to stay the Alpha.  I’d wait until he died and then take over, but not before that time.”  
Bryon turns around and busts out laughing at me.  “Abel, you won’t have any control over how that happens.  It’s instinct, haven’t you figured that out yet?  It isn’t that he wants to step down, but if you’re the chosen one, the rest of the pack will automatically go to you for decision making.  You’ll have the General as your right-hand man and that will probably be great for you since you haven’t grown up in Pack law, but dude you’ll be Alpha.”
I spent the rest of the night mulling over everything including the fact Pru was with my sister trying to keep her from getting bit from that sleazy vamp again.  
There is a text from Pru saying operation wolf vs vamp score 1. Now we only have four more full moons to get through before the six months is up.  


Chapter 17. 


I look across the lunchroom scanning the tables to see where Pru and Bryon are.  The tables are all turned sideways for senior project lectures.  The PTA thought it would be homier if we have fresh flowers on our tables; so every day there are bud vases with a single carnation placed in a line down the center of the tables.  Actually, I didn’t have any idea what kind of flower it is, not until Julie went around and told everyone that her mother brings fresh carnations to the school every day.  She brags how it comes out of their pocket and not PTA money.  Whatever.   I spot Shane at a table with the potheads, nice.  He gives me a quick head nod.  He told me I was boring now that I hang out with Pru and Bryon and didn’t believe me when I told him we are JUST FRIENDS.  
I spot Pru opening up a yogurt with her teeth, she is sitting between Bryon and the new girl in school, some girl who moved here from the Reservation.  I fist bumped with Bryon and sit down across from him.  “Hey, how’s it going?  It took me a minute to find you; I thought I’d have to smell you out if I didn’t find you soon.”  I laugh at my own joke.
Lately I have noticed the same girls I’ve known since our school career started eleven years ago, have all of the sudden started to pay me much more attention since Pru’s been around.  I knew that many of them figured that if Pru sees something in me then I must be worth a second look.  
“Abe, I have a question for you.”  Pru says to me as she spoons in a mouthful of yogurt.
“Ah, okay.  You never make an announcement that you have a question, so shoot.”  I put my chin in my hand and leaned in across the table to hear her better.  Giving a more dramatic effect.  I catch Bryon holding back a snicker as he looks away from me.
 “Have you looked in a mirror lately?”  She asks as she pulls a mirror thingy out of her purse and holds it up in front of my face.
“What?  Do I have a booger or something?”  I grab the mirror and start rubbing my nose in embarrassment.
“You’re dumb, no!  You don’t seem to get why the girls are paying attention to you.  You’re always saying it’s because I’m around, but you’re wrong Abe.  They notice you because you’re hot.”  She rolls her eyes at me as I thrust the mirror back at her.
“Are you high?  I’m not hot.  Not like that.  I’m just me.”  I feel my face turning red; I don’t need a mirror to figure that out.
“No, seriously you are.  You’ve been filling out from all of the working out.  The wolf in you has cleared up your face, not that it was bad or anything but weres don’t typically get acne.  Your hair is really shiny and healthy and you have that animal magnetism about you.  I don’t think you ever give yourself credit.  You’re hot Abel.  Not that you have time for girls right now, but I want you to have faith in yourself.  Supernat’s are usually beautiful, kind of like the CW’s TV shows.”  She stands and stretches as she takes her tray to the return window. 
I watch her as she bounces across the room taking in the view.  The girls at the popular table are pointing my direction giggling to each other. Yeah, those girls don’t think someone like me is hot, they probably can’t figure out why such a beautiful girl sits with me.
“So, I noticed you looked around, did you see the girls all looking at you?”  Pru grabs the carnation out of the vase, methodically pulling off the ruffled petals one by one.
“Well, I noticed them pointing and laughing.  I don’t think it is me being hot, but I do know my gun show is pretty impressive.  Whatcha think Bryon, do you think I’m hot?”  
“You’re aight but not really my type.”  He laughs.  “Maybe if you grow some boobs and let your hair grow out I’ll reassess my feelings.”
Pru rolls her eyes at him and says, “Never mind him, but you’d be hotter if you changed your choice in clothes though.  I know the t-shirt and jeans thing has been working for you since you were what?  Four?  I think the time has come you start dressing a little more fashionable.  After this weekend you and I are going out shopping to spiff up your clothing choices.”  She takes a protein bar out of her purse and starts munching on it.  “You want one?  You need to keep up your strength and you only ate one lunch today.”
“Yeah I’ll take one.  Thanks.”

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

PRU

I rolled over wide awake; I’d had my best night of sleep in months.  Prom night! I think to myself.  I can’t believe how giddy I feel.  
I smelled Oakley outside my door.  “Come in Oak, the door is open.”
“Hey, you slept in today.  It’s already nine.  Rise and shine sunshine!”  He announces.
I throw myself back on the bed and pull my pillow over my head, peeking out I said; “What has you in such high spirits?”
“Nothing really, I’m just in a good mood.  Don’t bother dressing, let’s go run.”  He pulled the blanket off of me, I wiggle to pull my t-shirt down to cover my butt.
I jumped up and tried pushing him back onto my bed so I could get a head start out the door.  He was too fast though, he held me back as he ran out of the room.  Both of us were laughing all the way to the woods.  It wasn’t a bad trade off, I got to watch him take off his clothes and shift.  I loved his back muscles and the way they rippled as he took off his shirt.  I was going to have heart failure on prom day if I didn’t focus on shifting.
We ran for an hour, chasing a few rabbits and squirrels into the trees.  I don’t enjoy squirrel meat but rabbit is pretty tasty.  Oakley caught the first rabbit and flung it over to me, offering for me to eat first.  I hunkered down on the rabbit and enjoyed my snack.  It was only a minute or two before he caught another one and sat next to me enjoying his tasty morsel.  Once he was finished he started licking the blood off my muzzle, I closed my eyes and imagined us in human form, making out.  It isn’t as sexy thinking about licking blood off the face of a human, but it was a little sexy.  We groomed each other, and then we went to find a perfect spot in the sun for a nap.  
I woke up realizing I had shifted back in my sleep but what caught me off guard was he was next to me with his head resting on his hand propped up on his side.  He was just staring at me.  I felt tingles in places I didn’t know tingled.
“You’re simply beautiful Pru.”  His voice was slightly husky as he said it to me.  He put his arm around me and pulled me closer to him.
My heart really felt like it was going to jump out of my chest.  “What are we doing Oak?”
“It’s okay Pru.  We won’t do anything you’re not comfortable with.  I just want to be closer to you; I want to feel your warmth.  You have to know that I like you, and not in a brotherly way.”  I felt myself flushing as he said the words I’d been dreaming of.  “You’re the most important person in my life; I don’t want that to change. You’re so beautiful, like when the stars light up the night sky after a long day.  Protecting you is easy, well most of the time.  But seriously, I want to be that for you too.”  He pulled me even closer, to the point that we were skin to skin.  
I could hear my heart beating in my ears as he was talking.  I exhaled as silently as I could, I must have been holding my breath for a while.  “I had no idea that you ever thought of me other than as an assignment.   These last few months have made me like you even more.  I thought you like Josie.”  I blurted out.
“Josie is just a friend.  I’ve just been focusing on protecting you and Abe but I’m afraid if I don’t let you know now how I feel, you’ll run off with someone else.”  He stroked my hair and then he pulled my chin so our lips met ever so slightly.  His mouth was gentle at first, and then his hunger and my hunger for that closeness started taking over.  His hands in my hair and my hands feeling his back muscles, everything felt right and I wanted him right now.  I was going to die a happy woman, a real woman.  
He pulled back from me.  “Pru, I’d like nothing more than take this to the next level, but we can’t right now.  Trust me, this isn’t easy for me to say no, but right now we can’t.  We are no good at protecting Abe if we are in a relationship.  I can’t do this behind your dad’s back either.  Once I can talk to him and make sure he is okay with us, we can be together.”  He pulled me in for another kiss.  “Come on, let’s shift and run, it will help cool you off. Trust me, I run a lot.”
Did he just say I turn him on?  It wasn’t like I didn’t notice he was turned on right now, but I didn’t know there had been other times.  AWESOME, what a fabulous day today was turning out to be.  “Okay, but don’t make me wait forever.”  My brain was scrambling for oxygen, my heart melted, I knew he was my forever.

The rest of the day went pretty fast, between hair and nail appointments and a fresh coat of spray tan.  Allie went with me, bossing around the stylist telling him exactly how my hair had to be.  The chemical smells inside the salon were making me woozy.  I’d put a dab of vanilla inside my nostril before I left the house, my mom said that is a little trick she does before she goes into a salon to over-ride the hairspray and nail polish smell.  The vanilla was wearing off and Allie was wearing me out, but nothing was going to ruin today, not after the morning I shared with Oakley.  I sat under the hair dryer contraption and reveled in the memory of his lips on mine.  
I dropped her off at her parents’ house as I headed home to get ready for tonight.  I parked my car on the extra parking pad so the limo would have plenty of room to pull in.  I ran inside the house with an excitement I didn’t expect.  I put on my dress, turning back and forth in front of my mom’s full length mirror.  I admired the crystals on my strappy heels showing off my French manicured toes.  I felt like a little girl playing dress up in a fairy princess dress.  I’d made the decision that tonight was just going to be a night full of fun and laughs - both Abel and I needed that.  I came down the stairs and was faced with fifteen gawking men, a mother in tears and a beaming father.  I savored the moment, up until the guys had to be wolves and start howling and whistling.
“Boys, you’re just jealous you aren’t taking this to prom.”  I twirled around so they could see all of my dress.  
“Pictures, I want pictures of you coming down the stairs.”  Mom said.
“I’ve already come down the stairs.”  I whined.
“Get back on them, you look so beautiful.”  She had me pose coming down the stairs, in all of the most unnatural poses, but I was aiming to please.  The guys were all cat calling and dancing around together like a bunch of jack asses, but they’re all my favorite jack asses.  “I want us all to go outside and get pictures of everyone with our beautiful Pru.  Where’s Oakley?  Oakley! We’re going outside for pictures.”  Mom started shooing the guys outside.
I turned around and Oakley was coming down the stairs dressed in a black tuxedo and one simple red rose on his lapel.  I’d never seen him dressed in a tux and it was indeed a moment I’ll never forget, his eyes were full of mischief.
“Wow, why are you so dressed up?” I asked.  He was looking very manly all dressed up. The picture in my mind was filed so I’d never forget how he looked on prom night.
“You look stunning Pru. I’m at a loss for words.  Just stunning.”  He walked up to me taking my hand and spun me around.
There went the tingles again.  My body came alive just by the sound of his voice.  “Thank you.  Are you going with us?  No one said anything to me about it.”
“Your dad thought it’d be a good idea if I chaperoned the dance.  I guess they call the parents and ask for a chaperone to make sure everyone is safe.  He thought I’d be perfect for the job.  I didn’t say anything because I wanted you to be surprised.”  He came up next to me and whispered. “You take my breath away.”
I shivered.  “Hey, everyone just went outside for pictures, come on.  I hope we get a chance to dance tonight.”  I grabbed his hand and pulled him out the front door with me.
Everyone had their cameras out simultaneously taking pictures.  My dad announced he wanted a picture with me and mom.  The three of us stood in front of my mom’s prized rose garden with Oakley snapping our picture.   After what seemed hours, we were finally ready to go.  Oak was riding with me to Abe’s house, I def wasn’t complaining about some alone time with the hottest werewolf ever.   The limo was tricked out with neon lights and a mini disco ball, it was pretty cheesy but fun for the event.  I got a whiff of the limo driver and realized he was one of us.  Oakley told me that he’s a driver for one of the Dallas Packs. They bought the Hummer so the Pack can all ride together.  Not a bad idea.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

ABEL

“Mom, stop.  I’m fine.  The tie is straight, you’re going to strangle me if you wiggle it any tighter.  The stupid collar is so sharp I just might get cut.”  I fussed at my mom.  Allie and dad are across the room snickering at me behind mom’s back, I just love my family.  Mom tells Allie and I to stand in front of the fireplace for pictures.  I will be satisfied if we don’t take any, but Allie kept calling me an ass. Funny coming from her.  Dad told me to meet him on the back patio.   I walk through the French doors from our family room onto the back porch.  I noticed the cotton wood trees shedding making it look like a steady slow snow is falling from the sky.  I tune in to what my dad is saying and realize he is telling me about safe sex.   I can’t believe he is actually lecturing me about condoms which may just be the most awkward moment I have ever had with my dad.  I had to hear all about ‘back in the day’ and how he knows what happens on prom night…he seemed to have some great memories he wanted to reminisce about.  After he is done walking down memory lane, he ends up giving me six condoms! I guess he wants me to give them to all the guys thinking their dads probably aren’t cool like him.  He hands me two hundred dollars to pay for dinner.  I should take the money for making me sit through his story.  I know I’m a wolf and all, but I don’t expect to eat a couple of hundred dollars worth of food.  He and I went back and forth about the money, I tell him I have some money saved up just for prom so everything is good.  He insists and I finally accept.
I hear the limo pull into the driveway, turned to my mom and say “Just relax, don’t smother Pru okay?”
I’ve never been in a limo before; I’ve never even seen one up close.  Well there was that one at a funeral we went to for one of the neighbors and I don’t think it really counts.   All I see is a high heeled shoe and a long leg, a slit on her dress to…oh I don’t even want to think how high up that slit is.  Her skin is all shiny, her red hair looks like satin the way it sparkles in the evening sun, and I think about how beautiful she is.  No sooner do I think that thought and I see another shoe, it is black and attached to a pair of trousers, which happens to be attached to Oakley, damn.    
  “Where is her corsage?  Did you pick it up?  Huh?  Where is it?”  I walk back and forth, look on the table and then on the counter.  “Mom?  Where is her corsage?  I can’t find it.” 
“Look in the fridge you dork.”  Allie says as she walks up behind me.  I didn’t even hear her when she came into the room.
“Oh, look how nice Oakley looks Abel.”  Mom said to me.  I hear her whisper “damn” ever so softly; my super duper wolf hearing let me hear my cougar mother admiring one of my friends.  It’s bad enough having to see Pru drool over him every day but my mom?  Ick.
  “I’m so glad he is chaperoning tonight.  I talked to Dolly the other day and she told me Oakley would be at the dance keeping an eye on everything.  Before you freak out, we trust you and Pru, but prom night can get crazy with everyone else so it has nothing to do with you two okay.”
Yeah, woot woot.  How delightful.  I see Pru watch Oakley as he gets out of the car and it is written all over her face, she adores him.  Oak usually hides his admiration for Pru but he didn’t seem to take his eyes off of her.  I can’t really blame him though, she looks stunning.
All of us pile into the limo to ride around town, we can’t pass Sonic without stopping for a cherry limeade.  Mom and dad snuggled up in the back like teenagers, Allie and Oakley were talking about firearms and how she had been hanging out at the firing range with one of her girlfriends, Pru and I laughing nonstop over the fact prom is finally here.  I can’t help looking around trying to take mental pictures so I’ll never forget this moment, one I knew was limited and going to end soon.  
I watch out the window as we pull onto our street, a few of the neighbors are outside and wave as we drive by.  In the driveway blocking my dad’s car is one black car owned by one vampire named Arien.  What the hell is he doing here?  I think to myself.  Breathe.
 Allie starts rapidly clapping, “Oh Yay!  Arien’s here!  He’s taking mom, dad, and me out to dinner tonight.  We’re going to that exclusive steak house that most people need a second mortgage to afford.”  
Oakley, Pru, and I silently try to figure out what is going on.  Great, my perfect night just went up in flames when I realize that not only is some vampire hanging all over my sister but now he wants to hang out with my parents.  
There is a slight change in Arien’s expression when he sees Oakley is with us. We go through the formalities of introducing each other. I hear Arien whisper to Allie that we reeked of dog.  Anger seethed from every pore of my body.  
Pru whispers to me, “Stop worrying, he is just doing it because he knows we can hear him.”
  I notice the front door fly open and Bryon come bounding out.  He runs over high fiving everyone “Yeah, now that’s what I’m talking about!”
“Hey, we need to get this show on the road, we have reservations.”  Oakley says as he crawls back into the Hummer.
“This is sweet, the General set us up!”  Bryon said rubbing his hands back and forth on the black leather seat of the car.  He knocks on the little privacy window and tells the driver to go to Pru’s house.
“We’re picking someone up?”  I ask.
Bryon grins at me.  “You didn’t think you’d be the only one with a pretty girl on your arm tonight did you?  I’ll be back out, but Dolly just sent me a text message that she wants to get some pictures of us all together before we drive off.  Don’t stress, it’ll take only a minute, our reservations are at 6:30.”
“Oh yeah, Pru I have a corsage for you, my mom said it is a wristlet or whatever it’s called.  If you don’t like it, you don’t have to wear it.”  I feel like I’m stumbling all over myself trying to get it out of the box.   I take her hand, and fasten the rhinestone bracelet around her wrist.
“Abel, it’s beautiful.  You remembered about me loving red roses, it’s so pretty.”  She smiles at me.  “I love the black ribbons, it’s gorgeous.  Thank you.”  She leans over and kisses me.  My brain explodes with affection for her.  Only a quick kiss but her lips touch mine and for a brief moment there are no Ariens or Oakleys in the world.  From behind her back she pulls out a small box with a single red rose boutonniere and pins it to my lapel.
“Oh holy hell, who is that?”  I ask as Bryon comes out of the house with a stunning blonde girl.  Pru whispers to me that she is from the Dallas Pack and she rode up in the Hummer to go to prom.  “Why are you whispering?  They aren’t in the car yet.”  I ask.
“I don’t know.”  She laughs as she says it.  “Can you believe Bryon has been talking with her on Facebook and didn’t want to say anything until she was really here?  One thing for sure, she is gorgeous.”
 “Hey Bryon, where are the reservations for?  You’ve been all secretive so what gives?”  I put my hand on his knee and squeeze.
“As it so happens, we’re going to the same place that Arien is taking your parents, it is The Hidden Cove.  The General pulled some strings and got us a table.  He is even picking up the tab.  I’ve tried it out a couple of months ago, and trust me, we’re going to starve! They only put a dot of food on your plate.  Let’s go through a drive through when we leave okay?”  Bryon and his date Shaynie sit back holding hands.  
I am the only non-were in the car, I feel a little insignificant… but I’m safe.
We pull up to what looks like an old fashioned cottage.  The restaurant would be totally hidden had it not been painted white and have twinkle lights dotted in the landscape.  It is the kind of place described in fairy tales.  We drive past the valet parking area and can see that Arien’s car is there.   Excitement ripples through me, the mere thought of ripping his throat out brings a smile to my face. The driver drops us off at the door.  Some great big hunky body builder guy escorts us through two big ornately carved wooden doors.   We walk past a couple sitting in a secluded booth, she has her hand stretched out obviously admiring a new piece of jewelry.  
“Oh, that’s so sweet.”  Pru gushes to herself.
I look out around the room, wondering if I’ll see my parents and the vamp.   The giant windows looking out over a man-made pond with a gazebo and water fountain make the place seem a little magical.  Originally we were going to be sitting outside but someone reserved the gazebo to propose.  Everyone stopped eating to watch us cross the room; I spot my parents obviously enjoying their dinner.  My mom waves to us discreetly catching the attention of Arien, he turns around and scowls at us; making me snigger.  Pru elbows my ribs.  “Sorry.”  I whisper in her ear.  “I can’t help myself.” 
“Learn.  Quickly.”  She demands.
“You’re a buzz-kill sometimes.”  
“Whatever.  Control yourself.”  She says through her pretend smile and clinched teeth.
I see a table set for six, the driver is eating with us since he made the four hour drive up from Texas and is driving us around like hired help.  The big hunky guy holds the chair out for Shaynie and I hold out Pru’s.  I catch a wink from my dad that just so happens to be at the table across from us.
Looking at the menu I realize that Bryon is right, any place that doesn’t put a price on the menu is out of my league.  Although we each take turns shooting Arien dirty looks, the dinner is really uneventful. Shaynie even got in on the fun of the “shoot Arien the stink eye” game we all took pleasure in playing.  The food came out by six different people; it looked like a well choreographed dance.  One thing for sure, a drive-through is in my near future.
Pru and Shaynie look like they are getting along, on the surface at least.  I feel a little tension oozing from Pru, I’ll have to talk to her alone and find out what’s going on. I hear Shaynie tell her that she is considering moving down here and transferring to our pack.  Her Alpha knew of her decision but she really wants to get Pru’s opinion since they are the same age.  I hear Pru tell her it would be great, but I didn’t see it on her face.  I took the opportunity to grab her and drag her to the dance floor.
“What was all of that about?” I ask.
She shakes her head no and said, “Oh Shaynie was telling me that she is thinking about joining our pack.  I guess she is highly skilled in woodwork and firearms.”  She clucks her tongue.  “I’m not exactly sure what the woodwork part has to do with anything but with Parker gone we don’t have a firearms specialist.  We have to keep up with our defenses or that makes us weak.  I told her it would be cool with me.”
“I heard you say that, but I didn’t see your eyes agree.  Did you have a dream?”  I ask as I try shuffling my feet around in my feeble attempt at dancing.
“No, nothing like that.  It’s just a girl being jealous.  I don’t know if you noticed, but she is beautiful.  Before you even say it, I know, but women are just like that.”  The “Cha Cha Slide” came on and Pru pulls me to the center of the dance floor.  “Oh, I love this song!  Just follow me and I’ll teach you how to do it.”
 I’m over at the drink table grabbing something for Pru and Oakley walks over to me and says, “We have a situation.  Grab anyone you see meet me in the limo.”


I slip out the front door with the rest of our group.  I feel someone grab my hand, flinching I pull away.  I look up and see Mrs. Smith with some type of ink pad and hand stamp, before I can protest she tags my hand.  “Hold up guys, get your hand stamped or we can’t get back in.”  I yell out to everyone.   After we all climb back into the limo; the driver starts telling us about how he had been watching the 10:00 news and they were reporting about a wild wolf attack just outside Choctaw.  Two teenage boys had been out hunting when a huge wild wolf jumped out of the woods and tore out the throat of one of the boys, killing him.  The other one shot the wolf, but it got away.  The authorities are warning everyone to be on guard.  The reporters did interviews with a couple of the locals. They are on a hunt for wolves and have said they will shoot any they see.  The news reporter did warn them that wolves are endangered; they can be fined or go to prison.  The locals said that their livestock and kids matter more than a fine.  General Phelan has ordered all of us to stay out of the woods and no running at the farm until this passes.  
“Was it a were?”  I ask Oakley.
“Well, the kid was too traumatized to talk to the media but he told his parents the wolf was almost as tall as him.  The parents think it might be an exaggeration but it sounds were to the General.”  Oakley said, his jaw clenching as he tries to keep his cool.
“Why?  Who would attack a human?  It wouldn’t be part of our Pack; everyone is in Piedsville waiting for us.  Only the guards are out there, so who?”  Pru said fidgeting around with nervous energy.  “The implications are undeniable but I’m positive our Pack wouldn’t participate in anything like that.”
“Honestly?  I don’t know.  I can’t help but think the vamps are behind this somehow.  No one is dumb enough to attack a kid and implicate our Pack.   I’m thinking a rogue was approached by a vampire and convinced to play a deadly game.  We’re all losers in this though. The general wants us to stay at the dance and continue on like nothing happened.”  Oakley put his hand on Pru’s back rubbing her bare skin.  “Before they think I’m letting you guys drink in here, we need to get back inside.  I told them we had a family emergency and needed to call home.”
I watch as Oakley put his arms around Pru; pulling her in for a hug.  I see her close her eyes and I know that any chance of her liking me just fizzled out.
“Hey Oak, can I talk to you for a second?”   I ask.  We stay in the limo as the others head back inside.  “Look, I know my date with Pru is fake and all, but I’d like everyone else to think I’m on an awesome date, so if you don’t mind…. Could you keep your hands to yourself?”
“Man, it’s not like that.  I’m sorry.  Look, I’ll just go over to the chaperone table and leave you all to your dance.”   He put his hand out to me and we man hugged patting each other’s back.  
I go over to Pru and grab her hand dragging her to the dance floor with me.  I finally get down the steps to one of the line dances and the principal announces we have to go home.   The senior class president apparently snuck in some Jack Daniels and proceeded to barf all over the punch table and in the punch.  
Most everyone at prom knew about the after-party over at Pru’s house.  Earlier in the day Bryon and I had gathered a bunch of wood for a bonfire.  Being the pyro that he is, Bryon starts the fire with lighter fluid and a stick he made into a torch.  If a fire is ever needed, Bryon is your man.  Dolly hooked us up with a chef to cook some food on the grill.  “Hey Bryon, who’s the dude with the system?”  
“Oh, that’s Mike, he’s someone’s big brother or something.  He is a DJ that does a lot of weddings and quinceañeras.  I think that’s how you say it.  A dance that the Hispanic families do for their daughter when she turns 15.  I hear he is pretty rad.  I’m so hungry.  I’m going to go get a burger from that chef guy.  Want one?”
“No.  I think I’m going to go find the General.  If anyone asks, keep it on the down-low,” I say.
“Okay.”  Bryon asks as he turns around heading towards the grill.


Chapter 18.  


PRU

I snuck off to have a talk with my dad.  I found him in the sitting area of his bedroom reading a true crime book, his favorite kind.  “Hey daddy, are you up?  I thought I’d come hang out with you for a few minutes.”  I went and sat on his lap, just like the old days when I would sit and listen to him tell me stories about his father and his travels all around the world.
“Why aren’t you out there with your friends’ sweetie?  Did something happen?”  He asked.
“No, nothing happened I just wanted to talk to you and find out more about the boy that was killed.  You don’t think it was one of our guys do you?”  I rested my head on his collar bone.
“It was not one of our guys, of course not.  We ran a 12-hour back log on their chips to make sure that none of them were anywhere near the incident.  And before you even ask, I didn’t suspect them in the first place; I just needed the documentation if something comes down from the Council.  Strike that.  I just need to make sure that our butts are covered if needed, that’s all.”  
I pulled back and studied the expression on his face.  “What did you mean by Council?”
“Pru, sometimes you’re too precocious for your own good.  I’m not going to talk about that with you.  Go outside and hang out with your friends.  This is a night for you kids, go enjoy a piece of normalcy.”  He kissed me and led me out of the bedroom.
“Okay, but don’t think I’ll forget.”  I said as I started down the hall.
“Oh, I’m sure of that sweetie.”  He waved me out the door.
“Where’ve you been?”  Abel asked, as I came out onto the back porch.  “I was just headed inside to talk to your dad, is it a bad time?”
“Maybe, I think he was about to take a nap.  I thought I’d go talk to my dad about that stuff that was on the news.”  I shrug, putting my arm around Abel and walk with him over to the bonfire.
“Did he have any ideas about who it might have been?”  He grabbed a stick, shoved a marshmallow on it, and started roasting it over the fire.
“No, not really.  He wasn’t much in the mood for talking, he said we need to enjoy our night.  Hey your marshmallow is a lovely shade of black.”  I point at the charcoaled marshmallow, giving a little laugh.  “I guess you can’t talk and cook at the same time.”
“Oh, I was making this one just for you.”  He pulled it off the stick and tried shoving it in my mouth.  
We ran around the fire laughing and trying to grab some more marshmallows to pop in our own mouth.  I finally had to stop because I was laughing too hard and death by chocking on a marshmallow is humiliating.  Abel was bent over next to me laughing too.  Oakley came over and started throwing marshmallows at both of us.  Soon, we had everyone that wasn’t making-out fight with us in a marshmallow war. It was awesome ending the night with laughter.
The next morning at breakfast, Shaynie sat next to me chattering nonstop about how much fun she had at prom with Bryon.  In the midst of me spreading grape jam on my toast my dad announced she was spending the rest of the school year with us. What the?  I thought to myself.  “You’re staying?”  I blurted out.
“Yeah.  We’re going to have so much fun.”  She took a sip of her heavily creamed coffee.
“When did this happen?  No one told me about this.”  I turned to face my mom, trying to mentally get her attention. “I didn’t know this was even an option, with all of the things going on.”  I took my napkin like a blanket over a corpse and covered my plate.  I pushed myself back from the table, trying not to seem like a spoiled brat.
“You’re right, dear.  No, I didn’t bring this up to you, the last time I checked, I’m Alpha.”  He stood up in one quick motion.  “Ladies.”  He turned and nodded at my mom and Shaynie.  “I’ve got some emails to return.  Prudence, you’ll need to move Shaynie from the guest room and put her in the room down the hall from you.  The one your mother had me paint for her.”  
Ugh.
I’d rather be home sleeping but I guess shopping on an overcast afternoon isn’t the worst thing in the world.  “Oh mom, that’s a cute sundress.  That shade of orange being so bright, really brings out your tan.”  I turn to Shaynie and said “too bad you’re not going with us, you’re totally missing out.”  The obnoxious smile she had pasted on her face as she told me that she’d let us have our mother daughter time made me want bad things to happen to her.
We went to one of those discount stores, the kind with the tags that show you how much you would have paid but you’re getting it for another price. 
Mom turns to me and says, “You’re conveniently side stepping away from the elephant in the room.  How are you feeling having another female were in the house?”  She guided the shopping cart to the comforter section.  “Oh this is a nice set, it’s very Parisian.”  She picked up a damask comforter set.
“Yeah, whatever.  I don’t really know her to know her taste but that one is nice.  If she doesn’t like it, we’ll hold onto the receipt and bring it back.  Easy peasy.”  I said.
“Great.”  She put the set in the cart and we headed over to get some sheets.  “You didn’t answer my question about having her in the house.”
“Honestly?  I don’t really know.  I guess there’s a part of me that’s always wanted a sister and thinks it would be kinda fun. There is the other part of me that knows how nice it is to be the only girl.  I mean, I know the guys have girlfriends, it’s not like I’m really related to all of them but most everyone has been in the Pack since I was a little girl.  I don’t think we’ve had anyone new in over ten years.  It’s just a bit strange to me.  I’ll be fine though.  Why does she want to leave her Pack?”  I grabbed a couple of 500 thread count sheet sets.  “I need a new set too.”
“Well, this actually has been in the works for about a year now.  Your dad went to a meeting down there and spoke with the Alpha; we had thought she would be a good addition to us.  I think her Alpha convinced her that she would be better with us.    Being the largest and most powerful Pack in the United States, we are highly sought after.  Not only that but we are also from the original family.  You are the end of the line on our side.  We had always hoped I’d have another, but it doesn’t seem to be in the cards for me.  We secretly hoped you and Abel would imprint but I think you have eyes for another man. We have more men that would make great suitors for her.  All of them in her Pack have mates.”
“What?  You’re kidding me?  So we’re in the male to order bride business?”  I come to a dead stop to gawk at my mom.
“That is mail order bride.  And no, it isn’t like that.”
“No, I said it the way I meant it.  It sounds a little creepy to me.  Does she know she is here to mate?  Are you planning on her mating with Abel?”  I say as I shook my head back and forth.
“Well, not exactly.  He will make up his mind about what woman he wants on his own.”  She pulled the cart from my hand and kept pushing.
“What does that mean?  He can just have whomever he wants?” 
She shakes her head no.  “Pru, you’re really taking this too far.”  She started whispering.  “He is the Great Wolf. When he makes the choice, it is final word.”
“Whatever.  He better take his eyeballs off of me.  I’m going to be with Oakley.  Ughhh, you all drive me’ crazy.”  I crossed my arms and stormed off.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

ABEL

“Ew, Abe you smell like dog.”  Allie says making a gagging noise. “Oh, seriously, you need to shower you don’t want to get in your bed smelling like that.”
“Hey Allie, I didn’t know you’d still be here.” I say as I give her a quick hug.
Bryon starts to walk past her and she waves him on holding her nose.  “I uh sorry uh.” Allie said between sneezes. “Oh, go Bryon.  I’m sorry but you might want to shower too.”
I take the steps two at a time trying not to wake up my parents. 
“Oh, dude, you don’t think she got bit the other night do you?”  Bryon asks.
“I don’t think so.  Pru was there, she couldn’t have been bit.”  I close my eyes trying to shake the image of Arien biting my sister out of my head. “You go ahead and jump in the shower, I’m going to check my e-mail.”
One email catches my eye.  The subject line read:  To Abel from Parker – do not delete.
The time stamp on the message is only an hour old.  
Abel, it is time to step up your game.  I’ll be outside tonight at midnight.
Come alone, it isn’t my problem how you do it, but don’t bring Bryon.  ~   Parker        
Getting Bryon out of the house is easy.  Shaynie borrowed Dolly’s car to pick him up for the night.  I sigh, wishing all of this mess would go away.  I look at my watch, 11:45.  Good.  Now I can try something I’ve wanted to for the last week.  I pop off the screen and jump out of my window, landing crouched down letting my knees take the brunt of the shock.  I knew I’d heal if my theory didn’t work.  Ha!  Chalk one up for the Great Wolf.  I see a Prius parked two houses down flashing its headlights. I run over to the car seeing Parker in the driver’s seat, he leans over and unlocks the door.
“A Prius?  Really?”  I ask.  “You’re all environmental now?  I’d never figure you a Prius guy.”
“It’s quiet and less conspicuous than that beast you’re driving.” He points to my Mustang.  “I see you are Bryon-free, very good you listen well. What made you come?” 
 “The General said you are still part of the Pack, so that means I trust you.  If you didn’t want Bryon to come out, I figured you had a reason.  So, what gives?”  I lean back in the leather seat, admiring the complete navigation package.  “Oh check this out, is this one of the solar-powered roofs?”
“It is.  Stop messing with all my buttons.”  He swats my hands off the navigation window, and starts the car.  We silently drive out of my neighborhood and head in the direction of the woods where I had hunted for them.
“I’ve got a trailer out here.  It’ll be just a minute.  I’m not used to driving to the trailer, but since you haven’t changed yet I don’t have much choice.”  He hits a pothole but the little car keeps going. 
We pull up to a double-wide trailer.  He unlocks the door and turned off what looks like a very sophisticated alarm system.  
“Have you been staying here since you left?  If you don’t usually drive out here, where do you keep your car?” I look around at the hunting lodge décor.  He opens the fridge grabbing two bottles of water, tossing one to me.
“I’ve got a storage unit I keep it in.  All of the units get cleaned off and the property is sprayed down for dust control every day by the management. All that helps my scent from being traced to what direction I run if someone happens to see me.”  He put his finger to his temple and taps it.  “That’s what I call using my noggin.”
Did he just say noggin to me?  What a dork.  “Is this where you’ve been staying since you left Choctaw?”
“Yeah, pretty much.  The General knows I’m here, as a matter of fact, he knows you’re here.”  Almost on cue I hear a light knock on the door and in walks the General.
“Good to see you could get out tonight Abe.”  He walks over to me holding out his fist for a quick knuckle bump. “I’m glad you trusted your instinct to trust Parker.”   He opens the refrigerator pulling out a beer.  “I figure you have some questions for us, but why don’t you let me tell you what’s going on.”
The living room and kitchen are one giant room.  I would never have guessed that such a large sectional would fit in a trailer.   The fabric feels like suede under my hand as I sit down in the corner seat.  Oh gross, he has deer hooves sitting on the coffee table.  I’m not putting my water down next to those!  
General Phelan sat back with his feet up and says, “Abe look, Parker and I’ve been keeping our eyes out on some rogues that have been on the run for a while.  We heard they were going back and forth to Louisiana so we thought they may be working with one of the vampire clans.  After last night’s events, Parker is going out to take care of the situation.  I’m actually going to go out with him.  That is where you come in; if something happens to me, you’ll have to step up and be Alpha.”
“Huh?  What?  How can I be Alpha if I haven’t even shifted?  Oh, and why wouldn’t you come back?”  I look back and forth at them waiting for one of them to talk.  My heart is beating like drums inside my head.
“It sounds crazy yes, but nothing’s going to happen.  I won’t allow it.  But there are vampires involved and that can get a little sticky.”  Parker says as he holds out a bowl of peanuts to me.
General Phelan added, “I’m not so vain as to believe nothing can happen to me, so I need to let you know that I entrust you with my family.  In the event anything happens to me that is.  Dolly knows how to get in touch with our attorney; he has all of the documents you’ll need.  I’ve left a video in his care for the Pack to watch; it will seal their trust in you.  You cannot tell anyone of this meeting, understand?”  I shake my head yes. “Listen, there is a group called the Council, and my family does not know of them, that is part of the bylaws.  I accidently let their name slip in front of Prudence. However, she doesn’t need to be involved, do not speak of it to her.”  I shake my head yes again. “The Council has representatives from all of the Others. It is, more or less, a group of supernatural beings that enforces the rules for our kind.  I am the representative for the werewolves.  If the council felt that we weren’t taking care of the situation properly, they would send extinguishers here.  You don’t want the extinguishers to get involved, they are ruthless and it puts everyone in danger.  My family will be safe, but they could put an end to you if they suspect you have involvement with the Pack without being a business associate or werewolf.  The story of the Great Wolf is only a story known amongst the were community.  Some vamps found out about the story but we think they have kept the secret to themselves as they find it a challenge.  You see, they would love nothing better than be the ones to kill the Great Wolf.”  He reaches across me for the peanuts.  “Listen Abel, in my paperwork will be a meeting time and place for the next Council meeting, you will need to tell Dolly about the Council and send her to the meeting, unless of course you’ve shifted and then you will go.  I know it sounds a little crazy and I’m sure all will be okay.”  He leaned over and patted my leg.  “You’ll do just fine Abe, I can feel it.”
That makes one of us, I think to myself.  “I’m glad you have so much faith in me.”  I wish Pru was here with me.  
“I have faith in you Abel, you’re going to be a fine wolf.  Don’t worry” he finishes off his beer. “We’ll be fine, I just have to cover my bases and make sure all of my I’s are dotted and T’s are crossed.  I’m going to let Parker talk to you about the security system and about this secret meeting place.”
“Yeah, Abe I wanted to tell you back a couple of months ago when you smelled me in the woods, but I couldn’t, sorry about that.”  He whacks me on the back.  “Come on in here, everything is in my office.  Be ready to be blown away.”  
We pass a freshly mounted deer head that I assume belongs to the hooves on the table.  “Holy cow!  This is crazy.”  I said as we enter a bedroom that is set up like some FBI computer lab.
 “I had to hire some engineers to modify the room and have the appropriate power installed.  There’s a second air unit just for this room. Trust me, it gets hot in here.”  He slides an office chair over to me.  “I’ve signed you up for some online classes under my name so you can get trained on how to use everything. You never have to meet the teacher, so it’s perfect.”
We spent the next couple of hours going over the ins and outs of the systems.  I’ve played around with computers so it was pretty easy for me.  
The next morning I met Pru, Bryon, and Shaynie in the school parking lot.  Bryon and Shaynie went inside to the office for Shaynie’s schedule.  Pru and I huddled together at one of the picnic benches on the lunch patio, eating some take-out that she picked up on the way to school.
“Nom nom, did Bryn nom nom tell you about dog?”  I say with biscuit and sausage crumbling out of my mouth.
Pru looks at me disgusted.  “Seriously Abe, you’re such an animal.” 
We start laughing just a shade too hysterically calling the attention of the rest of the kids that were finishing off their breakfasts.
“I said, did Bryon tell you about Allie saying we smelled like dog?”  I throw my trash in the bag and start clearing off the table.
“Actually he did say something about that.  I’m thinking it has something to do with her heightened senses from the previous bite.”  She stands up brushing the crumbs off of her skirt and tights.
“I hope you’re right.”  I grab my backpack and fling it over my shoulder. 
“My dad left for a business meeting this morning.  I bet it has something to do with the attack on Saturday.”  Pru said.
She and I walk to class, a few people stop to high five us telling Pru her party rocked.  Our social status on the hierarchy of schooldom just increased tenfold.  Sweet! 

Chapter 19. 


PRU

Once everyone finally went to bed Sunday night, I met my mom out in the back garden.  We wanted to cast a circle to see if we could find out more about the slain boy’s death.  
We had gone to one of those super savings by the bulk kind of stores and bought a case of salt, it was our way of knowing where the circle was so we could properly cut it if needed.  I walked around and made an eight foot circle of salt.  I placed the quartz crystal in the four points that would represent the different elements, setting white-jarred candles next to them.  
The guys had built a beautiful meditation garden with a water feature; it was really cool because there was a giant copper bowl right in the center that had special crystals that would burn as fire.  Each little tree in the garden had wooden wind chimes that clumsily clunked in the Oklahoma wind; we had thought about putting metal chimes but the tinging noise hurt our sensitive ears. It was a great place for us to do our yoga exercises.  
Before we started, we both sat down on our yoga mats and did some meditations to clear our mind.  I could feel my mind release the negative energy I had brought on myself worrying about everything.  We both were in a relaxed state of breathing.  
“Mom?  Are you ready?”  I put my hand on hers.
“Yeah, let’s get started, love,” she said in her sleepy, relaxed voice.
“Together we are casting a circle, we both will enter in love and the utmost trust.”  I walked over to the candle we had placed representing the East, and I lit it.

“To the East, I call unto you, 
Powers of wisdom brought forth by Air,
I ask that you watch over us within our circle
Let all that enter do so in complete love and utmost trust”.
I bow my head holding the candle straight in front of me and set it down on the ground.

My mom lit a candle and said.
“To the South, I call unto you
The power of will brought forth by Fire,
I ask that you watch over us within our circle
Let all that enter do so in complete love and utmost trust.

She bowed her head holding the candle out in front of her and set it on the ground.
I took my place at the next corner.

“To the West, I call to you
Power of emotion guided by Water,
I ask that you watch over us within our circle
Let all that enter do so in complete love and utmost trust.
I bowed my head, holding the candle straight out in front of me then placed it on the ground.

I take my place at the northern point and light the final candle and say:

“I call unto the North
The power of strength, guided by Mother Earth
I ask that you watch over us within our circle
Let all that enter do so in complete love and utmost trust.”
“The Circle has been cast.  Mother, how do you enter?”
“I enter with complete love and utmost trust.”  She says.
I nod my head and I take one step forward stepping into the salt circle.
We both stood facing each other, holding hands and raise them above our heads.
“I ask of you the powers in the sky, please enlighten me of the truth behind the boy’s demise.  Please bring me a dream so I can step forth with knowledge before we act against one of our brothers.  We must know if a vampire is involved.”  The flames all grew taller and the bowl with flames shot so high I thought the canopy of trees would catch fire. 
My mom and I watched in amazement until all of the sudden we heard a female voice calling out in the night.
“Who is that?”  My mom said.  “Hurry up and cleanse the circle.”
I grabbed the atheme and cut the circle next to the East side candle.  “I think it is Shaynie.”  Sure enough I heard her voice calling out to me.
“Pru?  Are you out here?”  Shaynie said as she came around the corner.  “Oh hey, there you are.  I went to your room to talk and I didn’t see you.  I thought maybe you came out for a run or something.  Am I interrupting?”  She pointed to the handful of candles in my hand.
“No not really.  My mom and I were just meditating.  You okay?”  I headed towards the house with her following.  
“Yeah, I just wanted to tell you how glad I am to be here.  I know it’s kinda weird, it’s weird for me too.  Maybe you and I can go get some dinner this week, just us and I’ll tell you how all of this came about.”  She held the door open for me and flipped the lights on.
Oakley came around the corner, “Hello ladies…is this a girls only party?”
I set the candles down and turned around to give Oakley my best right hook hitting him in his right shoulder.  He grabbed his arm, falling forward in what I recognized as his ‘fake out’.
“Okay, wimpy.  I know I’ve hit you harder than that before and it didn’t faze you.”  
He looked at me all sheepishly and too damn adorable.  “I know, I just wanted to see if you were going to come over here and console my broken arm.”  He pulled me up to him and kissed the top of my head.
I would have tried for something a little more appealing if Shaynie wasn’t gawking at us.
“No, Oak, actually we were planning a girls’ night and are now headed to bed.  Sleep well.”  I looked over at him and winked without Shaynie being able to see.
“Yeah, we were headed to bed.  Good night Oak.”  Shaynie ran over and threw her arms around Oakley giving him a good night hug.
Oh, I am not going to like having her around.  My self control of both my mouth and my actions are totally being tested.  She better keep her damn sights off of Oakley, or she will end up back in Dallas an old maid.  
After about 20 minutes I heard a light tapping on my door.  “Oak?”  I ran over and unlocked my door. I didn’t trust my new sister one hundred percent.  I flung the door open and pulled him in. 
He pulled me in for a hug.  “Were you asleep?”
“No.  Actually I’d been sitting here thinking about sneaking out for a run, but my dad doesn’t want any of us running alone right now.”  I went and sat on my bed pulling Oakley with me.  I patted the bed for him to sit down.  “What are you doing?  Patrolling the halls?  Will I need a hall pass?”  I asked trying my best to be flirty.
“Oh, I’ll give you a pass.”  He leaned in and tickled me.  “Actually I thought I heard something on your hall.  I think Shaynie snuck in the room with Bryon.  I’m not totally sure.”
“Eww, you don’t think she’ll do it with him do you?”  I was weirded out thinking she would sleep with someone after just two days.
“Nah, I don’t think so.  Bryon really is a good guy, he wouldn’t mess with a girl too fast, not one that lives in the Pack for sure.”  He pulled my hand into his and pulled it to his lips kissing it.
“You know, I think you’re right.  What do you think of her?”  I watched his face to see if he showed any signs of interest in her.  Oh I hate this part of me, that jealous girly-girl part.
His eyes told me that he didn’t trust her fully but his mouth told me he thought she is nice.  Interesting that he isn’t being straight with me.   He was telling me that he knows a few of the guys down in Dallas and they have nothing but nice things to say about her.  Apparently she understated herself when it came to firearms as she held the top titles in marksmanship throughout the country.  “Pru, she is pretty but you’re stunning to me.  I know it sounds corny but I only have eyes for you.”
“Oh, stop.  Okay, I’ll try to give her a chance.  She’ll be riding with me to school since she doesn’t have a car, so I guess I get an instant b f f.”  I rolled my eyes.  “Did you see mom and me out there casting tonight?”
“I did, but I tried to give you guys some privacy, so I just guarded the perimeter.  Were you successful?”  
He took off his shoes and lay back on my bed, pulling me down next to him.  He was still in his jeans and a slim fit tee that I know he spent entirely too much money on.  I’m sure one from a discount store would look just as good on him.  The jeans on the other hand, they hugged his butt just right.  I stretched out next to him with my head on his chest and I felt intoxicated breathing him in.
“Actually yeah, I think we were.  I’m hoping my dreams will be able to shed some light for me tonight.”  Sleep was the furthest thing from my mind at that moment; actually anything good and pure was far from my thoughts at that moment.
Oakley rolled me on top of him.  I felt a little silly in my psychedelic peace sign cotton pajamas sprawled on top of the hottest werewolf I’d ever known.  It was as if he caught on that I was a little uncomfortable and in one quick motion he flipped us over to where I was on my back and he was hovering over me.  His arms were flexed as he held his body in a push-up position looking down on me. I put my hands on his arms rubbing them, feeling the muscles taught under my touch.  He lowered his mouth but just far enough that I had to raise my head up just a little to meet his lips.  His mouth opened and was perfectly fitted to mine as we kissed and explored for a few minutes.  How he could hold that flexed push up position for so long was beyond me, I pulled him closer letting him relax a little.
“You know, my dad’s just downstairs, you’re a naughty naughty wolf in here being all sexified hovering over the Alpha’s daughter.”  I gave him a quick peck on his mouth.
In one werewolf fast movement he had me back on top of him and he was on his back.  “Well, P, I know factually that our Alpha has gone out running so that makes me a not so naughty wolf.  It does however, make you one naughty naughty little werewolf princess having a hot stud like me in your room when you’re all sexified in your neon pajamas.”
“Really?  My dad went out running tonight?  That’s odd, he doesn’t usually like to run in the woods here.”  It was really out of character for him to run in Piedsville, I figured it had to do with the ban on running at the farm.  Oakley reaches up and tucks my hair behind my ears.
I fidgeted around until I found a comfortable position.  I was curled up next to him with my head resting on his chest until sleep finally found me.  Hearing his breathing, in and out, the rhythm totally hypnotic pushed me over the edge to dreamland.
“P?  I’ve waited a long time to hold you like this.”  Oakley whispered to the top of my head.
I think I whispered, “Me too.”  
“Well, well.  Look at the little werewolf girl trying to play grown up.”  Arien said. 
“What the hell are you doing here?  You’re on Pack territory, you’re not welcome here.”  I snarled at him.
“Oh dear, in due time, in due time.  Now, I think you and your friends got a brief show of what we can do to implicate your little Pack of wolves.  I hope those mean old hunters don’t shoot any of you while you’re stretching your legs.”  Arien held his hands with the fingertips tapping each other.
“What do you want?”  I yelled
“What I want is to know who the Great Wolfy is!  You’re limited on time dear, your little friend Allie will soon be my princess.  Don’t worry your little head, she hasn’t told any of us who your secret wolf is.  She will be mine though; either turn over the wolf or we will leave more calling cards… and then I’ll make your little Allie Cat mine.  I do so love calling her that, Dog.”
I shifted and hunkered down growling at him baring my teeth.
“Oh, Love, I can do that too.”  He opened his mouth and his fangs grew down for me to see.
Oakley started shaking me trying to wake me up.  I realized I was in wolf form, looking around my room trying to see if Arien was in there.
“Pru, it’s okay.  It’s me Oak.  Come on hun, just shift back, no one can hurt you here.”  He stroked my back trying to calm me down.
I finally shifted back, realizing I tore my favorite pajamas.  Well hell!  I ran over and grabbed my bathrobe putting it on and told him about the dream. After discussing the ramifications, we both agreed that maybe we weren’t going to be able to save Allie.  The vamps were making it personal; there wasn’t much I could do about it.  Our entire mission is to protect Abel, and sadly we might not be able to protect his sister.  We’d talk with everyone this week.
“We have to figure out if Abel is spiritually connected with his soul, he will be easier to protect if he can protect himself.”  I said.
“Pru, let’s talk with the Pack before we make any crazy moves.”  His voice of reason was starting to aggravate me.  Ughh.
I close my eyes and sigh.  When I finally open them I say, “I know.  I’m just frustrated with all of it.  I just wish we could fast forward.  I’m gonna go shower.”
I cranked the water as hot as I could handle, letting it wash away the dirty feeling I had from Arien invading my personal dreamland. 


Chapter 20. 


ABEL

I spent the next couple of days at school trying to randomly hear people’s thoughts.  Most of the teachers are pretty easy, the older a person is, the easier they are to hear.  Most teenagers’ thoughts are scattered and random.  On our way to the lockers I can hear people recite their combinations in their heads… now that might come in handy.  Freakish Julie Tidsdell started crushing on me.  On me of all people.  I am def not into her.  
Julie did everything in her power to get me to notice her.  She would go to the bathroom and adjust her cleavage and wonder if I was a boob man.  Geez!  She would randomly drop things in front of me so I’d pick them up.  She even went as far as parking next to me and thought about making her car door whack my car so she could pay to have it fixed.  She thought it’d make me give her my cell number.  I conveniently foiled that plan.  Every time I turned around I had Julie all up in my face.  She was turning out as hard to shake as Arien.
Bryon and I are driving over to Pru’s.  I’m listening to him babble about Shaynie, how hot she is, how funny she is, how creative she is, how she is such a good kisser.  I’m about to put him on the side of the road when he starts asking me about Pru.  
“I think your old girlfriend Julie has the hots for you.”  Bryon teasingly says.
“Right.  She won’t leave me alone.  I can’t even go to the vending machines without her offering to buy my soda.”  I still haven’t told anyone about my ability to hear thoughts.  
“We need to get you a girl.  You know Oakley and Pru are hooking up don’t you?”  
I’ve been suspecting they were more than friends but I didn’t think they were actually hooking up.  “Hooking up?  Really?  I can’t see her doing that,” I say, defending her virtue.
“I don’t know that they are doing the deed, I just know they are kissy kissy.  I actually think they make a good couple.  I know you’ve been crushing on her, but seriously you know as well as I do she’s never taken her eyes off him.”  Bryon says as he takes his straw up and down making it screech.
“I know.”  I said as we pull onto her street.  
Thankfully the storms from the night before are over.  
“Oakley is out back boys.  After your workout I’ve got some homemade protein bars for you.”  Dolly says as she smiles at us.  “Trust me, they’re really tasty.”
“Yes ma’am.  I’ll be sure to try them when we get done.”  I give her hug before heading outside.
Meditating with Oakley is serious business.  He is all about clearing the mind and opening our lungs.  As hard as I try, I don’t think my mind is ever clear.  I just realize that Oakley doesn’t randomly answer the questions I’m thinking anymore.  Crap.  I think to myself.  I’m supposed to be all clear minded.  Why isn’t he answering anymore?  Stop thinking!  Clear your mind.  Ughh.  I hate meditating.
Oakley said, “Hey, I want to talk to you about something before we start.”  We walk over to the patio table.  “Look, I was wondering if you know anything about General Phelan’s meeting.  Usually I don’t ask much about his comings and goings but he said he’d be back before dinner today and the guys from the farm called to see if he was eating here.”
I did my best poker face and said, “No, I just heard Pru tell me he went on a business meeting, I wasn’t told when he’d be back.  You don’t think that something happened do you?”  
“No, not really.  When you’re Pack you feel your Alpha, when we shift we can hear him talk to us.  None of us sense anything wrong, we just weren’t sure if we misunderstood.  His calendar only has him marked out through today.  Oh well, I’m sure everything is fine.”  He says as he flips the switch to turn the fountain off. “I’ll meet you in the garden.”  
We sparred for the next twenty minutes, me mirroring his moves.  It all of the sudden occurred to me that I might be able to read his thoughts and can anticipate his movement.  I grin to myself at my cleverness. 
“Wow!  You’re getting really good at this.”  He growls ever so slightly when he realizes he can’t get a move in on me.  “Okay, I hope you’re ready for some serious hand to hand combat.  In case you’re wondering why we’re doing this, it has to do with us not always able to have a weapon with us.  Our brains, agility and alertness make us lethal.”
“So, my hands are now a lethal weapon?  Awesome!”  
We flipped around, crouching and throwing punches.  I find the ability to hear his thoughts is pretty awesome.  He came at me with his drop sweep roll and for whatever reason I jump up like Superman flipping in the air… catching the limb of the tallest tree in the canopy and hang there.
“What the?!  How’d you do that?!”   He squints and holds a hand over his eyes to shield out the sun as he looks up at me.
I finally decide that I’d try to drop down in a roll.  Probably not the best way to dismount.  I hit the ground hearing both my ankles snap.  All I feel is burning, throbbing pain shooting through my feet.  I hear screaming and suddenly realize it is me doing the screaming.
 Everyone in the house came running outside.  I roll around back and forth as the pain sears through me to the core of my existence. Dolly hunkers down next to me, checking my vitals.  She starts telling everyone that they need to clear out while I started to heal.  She is all business and everyone pays attention when she gives orders.
“Oakley, go in there and get in my first aid kit and bring me the vial and syringe, I’ll give him something for the pain, his body will probably sweat it out before he leaves.”  Dolly ordered.
“Nothing for the pain, I don’t want anything.”  I grabbed her arm.  “Please.  I figure that the pain reminds me that I’m alive,” I say to her.
“You’re alive, but you don’t have to be in pain.  You’re not going to get addicted from one shot, dear.”  She takes a cool washcloth and wipes my forehead.
“No drugs!”  I yell too loudly.  “I’m sorry; really I just don’t want any drugs.  Please.”  
 Dolly stayed calm throughout the crisis.  The guys are all keeping an eye on me, I guess they think I will turn out like a rabid dog and act a fool. 
 Pru is sitting next to me holding my hand in hers.  “How the hell did you do that?”
I take a deep breath trying to focus like we do in meditation.  “I don’t know, one minute I was practicing with Oak and for whatever reason my mind told me to jump, so I did.”  I close my eyes, remembering the feeling.
She let go of my hand and said, “Have you done that before?”  
I shake my head no, telling her that it was just this overwhelming feeling to just do it.  I didn’t even think about the consequences I just acted on it.  She went on about how we had to always keep in mind that for every action there is a reaction.  As if I’m not aware of that.  
I start wiggling my feet to see if the bones have healed, since I’m not screaming it is a pretty safe conclusion that I am good to go.  Dolly tells me that I should be careful about jumping off of high places until we were sure I was back to 100%.  I listened in to Dolly’s thoughts and hear her worry about General Phelan. It is out of character for him not to call when he would be late.
Instinctively I put my hand on her’s and tell her he is okay.  No sooner have I said it when I realize that I blew my cover.
“How did you know what I was thinking?”  Before I have a chance to answer, she starts having some sort of breakdown. “Oh Lord!  Oh Lord!”  She cries as she walks back and forth.  “He’s dead and you’re Alpha!  Oh Lord!  You’ve become Alpha!  That is how you knew what I was thinking.  Oh Lord!”
“No, no, no!  You just seemed worried, that’s all.”  I was backpedaling out of my predicament.  I stand up on still shaky legs and put my arms around her.  “No, it’s okay Dolly.  Stop crying, I haven’t become Alpha.” At least I don’t think I have.  “I thought everyone was tied into the Alpha and if he was in trouble you’d sense it.”  I pulled back, holding her at arm’s length, her tears were starting to subside.
“You’re right Abe.”  She grabs one of the tissues and wipes her eyes.  “You all probably think I’m a fool.  I just don’t know where he is and with those…those… those… those damn vampires and the killing of that boy, I just worry that he is taking risks that he doesn’t need to.  He should have taken someone with him from our Pack.”
Everyone gathered around her trying to offer her some type of soothing words.
“Dolly?  What did you mean by someone from our Pack?”  I ask.
“Oh, that limo driver…he escorted him.  He is very good at what he does, but I just would rather someone from our Pack be with him.”  She went back to pacing.
Shaynie came over and put her arms around her and said trust her that he is very safe. I look over at Pru and see her roll her eyes.  I caught her eye and winked at her.  She winked back and slightly moved her head trying to get me to follow her.  I grab my tennis shoes and went to catch up with her.  We headed for the basement so we could talk without ears listening in.
“Whatcha thinkin’ Pru?”  I put my hands on her shoulders trying to hold her still so I can look in her eyes.
“I don’t know.  It isn’t like him and I think the vamps have us all on edge.  It doesn’t make anything any better that we have the Great Wolf and you’re coming into powers we haven’t even begun to understand.  I’ve never seen my mom react like that… and to top it off, she is up there with her arms around my mom.  I’m just hypersensitive, no worries.”  She looked around to see if anyone was around.  “Abe, we have to talk about your death.  I think we need to do it.”
“Pru, we’ve talked about this before.  I don’t know that I’m the great one, but I don’t want to die.  You keep telling me that it would be better for them, but I really don’t think so.  Mother’s Day is next weekend, and Father’s Day is a month after that.  I don’t want to do anything around those days.”  I feel my temper flaring, I try a calming exercise that Oakley showed me.
“You know Abe, I think it’s great that you don’t want to hurt them around those dates but what will happen if you shift before then?”  She said, crossing her arms and pulling her moody teenage girl routine.
I cross my arms in reaction to her arm crossing.  Hell, two can play that game.  “Prudence, it is easy for you to say that I should die, but you still have your parents.”  I try to keep my temper in check but it is getting harder and harder to do.  “I am NOT going to let my vampire sister be around my family and not be around to protect them.  We will find another way.  We must find another way.”  I lower my voice and say, “Pru, please.” 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

PRU

We all ate dinner in the backyard, talking about anything and everything except my dad.  Mom was in mid-sentence when we heard the limo pull up.  We all exhaled a collective sigh of relief.  If it had been anyone else other than my dad we’d all gripe him out.  He being the head honcho meant he didn’t really have to keep tabs with us about his comings and goings.  I was brave enough to ask him if we could talk before he headed back to Choctaw which he reluctantly agreed to do.
The spring air was giving me the fever for a run, school obviously didn’t take wolves into consideration when assigning homework.   One downfall of taking on this assignment meant I had to be a student again.  I finally finished and decided I need to figure out how we’ll make Abe dead in a freak accident.  The writers for soap operas come up with the craziest plots so I thought I’d Google it and find a soap opera worthy scheme.  I came up with plots about horny gorillas kidnapping people, devil possession, time travel and people cloned….it made werewolves and vampires seem a little boring.  I wasn’t sure what I was going to do, but the vampire issue was more pressing.
There was a light knocking on my bedroom door.  “Come on in dad.”  
We both sat down on the purple velvet chaise that I almost died over the first time I saw it at the furniture store.  His mood undefined as he looked around my room, as if he was recording it to memory.  I decided we’d start the conversation with me telling him how Abel didn’t want us to kill him.  I couldn’t really gauge what he was thinking, when he finally admitted he would do some research to see if we could honor Abel’s request.  He told me that my mom heard from Josie earlier in the day and maybe she could help the situation.  
Highly unlikely, I thought to myself.
“Pru, I know that we are all concerned about Abel’s sister, but the fact is… we may not be able to stop what has already begun,” he said.  He pulled a roll of hundred dollar bills out of his pocket.  “Here is three thousand dollars.  I want you to give it to Allie convince her that she should go to Nevada for the summer.  I’ll set up a bank account for her and there will be enough money for her to pay her living expenses.  I have a friend that owns one of the casinos in Reno, he told me there is a big movie being filmed there and he can get her a small part in it.  That would give her the incentive to leave.  Just tell her that your dad’s friend saw some of her pictures on Facebook and thought she had the look they were seeking.  It should work.  She is going to be turned if you don’t get her away from that Arien guy.”  
“I think you underestimate the hold Arien has on her.  He is controlling her or compelling her or whatever it is he does, but he has her under his spell for sure.”  I lean forward and start fidgeting with my hands.  “Listen dad, I think Arien walked into my dream the other night.  It was real as you and me sitting here talking.” 
He closed his eyes, taking his fingers and pinching the bridge of his nose, a tell sign he does when he is trying to compose himself before speaking.  “What does that cold-blooded, life-stealer want?  Did he hurt you?”  He said through gritted teeth.
“No, no he didn’t, actually he acts as if everything is a game.  At least he doesn’t know who the Great Wolf is.  He does however, know about him.  He said that since we are so well-guarded, he was going to turn Allie since she is a friend of the family.  Before you say anything, I know.  I know that I’m not going to endanger Abe, but his sister may have to be the victim.  I’m afraid if I offer her money and try to get her to leave town they will get suspicious of us.  I think if we tell them to do what they must with her, they will think twice about it.  If we show how important she is, they may figure out why.  They are also talking about hurting another person and blaming it on the wolves.”  I stood up and went over to get a picture I took of Arien with my cell phone on prom night at dinner.  “Here, I think everyone needs to embed his face in their brain.”  
“Good thinking Prudence.  I’m sure Abel is torn between the life he had and the life that he will have.  I’ll see what we can do about it.  Just so you know, I have a few men from Dallas coming up to help with the farm and help with patrol.  Your focus must stay on Abel.  You, Oakley, and Bryon are to be his constant companions.  Bryon can’t come here to hang out with Shaynie if you or Oakley isn’t with him.  Tell Abel that he can’t even go off with his parents without one of us with him.”
“That should go over well.”  I nodded my head sarcastically.
“One of my traveling companions and I found the wolf responsible for selling out to vamps, we’ll have no further problems or betrayal from him.  There are a lot of rogues throughout the country though; money goes a long way for a wolf that feels entitled.  I find it especially so if a vamp is waving money under their nose telling them they can get back at the rich Packs like ours.”  He stood up and came over to hug me.
His big muscular arms had always made me feel protected.  I knew nothing would get me as long as my daddy was holding me. 
“How is Shaynie fitting in?  Are you and her getting along?”  He started in with the questions about us being friends. 
Blah.  Blah.  Blah.
I admitted to him that I did have a little bit of jealousy but that was more to do with me being the baby of the family.  After he convinced me I have nothing to worry about, I felt slightly better.
“Daddy?”  I said in my syrupy-sweet voice.
“Yes dear, what would you like?”  He pulled out his wallet. 
“No, I don’t want anything like that.  I want to talk about Oakley.”  I held my breath waiting for him to process my change of subject.  It felt like hours before he said another word.  “Dad?”
He pulled away from me and just stared.  He started grumbling and I braced myself for the tirade that was about to come.  
“Pru.”  He turned to face me with eyes as cold and stern as I’d ever had directed at me.  “I don’t think this is a good time for you and him to be together.”
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing.  My mom had been okay with the idea; but here I stood before my father and heard him tell me no.  No, to the man I knew was the man that would be my mate for life.  No, to the burning love I felt for Oakley.  No, to my heart.  My eyes welled up with tears, my chest felt tight, and the overwhelming feeling of disappointment and pain strangled my heart.
“How can you do this to me?  How can you just say no?”  I crossed my arms to hide my shaking hands.  “You know as well as I do that our instinct tells us who to be with!”  I said with tears streaming down my face.  He stood there just looking at me.  “This is so unfair!”  I turned my back so he couldn’t see my face.
“Pru, you’re being unreasonable.  I didn’t say no.”  He walked over to me and put his hand on my shoulder.
I turned around to face him, we stood there daughter to father, father to daughter. “You didn’t say yes either.”
“No, I didn’t say yes, but I didn’t say no.  I said this isn’t a good time.  Your assignment could be compromised if you can’t focus on Abel one hundred percent.”
“That isn’t saying yes either.  What if I promise I can stay focused.”  I tried bargaining.
He shook his head no at me.  “I don’t know that you can.  Our priority right now is the protection of Abel, and now we have vampires in our territory.  I don’t have time to worry about my daughter that just so happens to be not just my daughter but the Alpha’s daughter.  I have to know that Oakley is focused on your protection and your focus is on Abel’s protection and guidance.  If you’re worrying about Oakley and not focusing on Abel, you are compromising him.”  
“But I won’t, I promise.”  I begged.
He turned around and headed for the door.  “Pru, I’m not going to condone a relationship between the two of you right now.  After we finish preparing Abel, you and I can readdress this situation.  Do you understand me?”  He opened the door turning around looking right at me.
“Is that my dad talking or is that the Alpha talking?”  I said as snarky as I could.
He glared at me and said, “It is the Alpha of one of the most powerful Packs telling one of his minions that they must obey the ruling.  You’re to protect Abel Casey.  If you press this issue, I’ll send Oakley to Dallas.  Am I perfectly clear?”
I stood there, feeling the pain of Romeo and Juliet and a forbidden love.  My heart shattered.  “Clear.” I said as he closed my bedroom door.  I threw myself onto my bed and let the tears come freely.


Chapter 21.

ABEL

At first she just stares, eyes focused and glaring, then she lifts her right hand that just so happens to be holding a Glock.  She fires.  It whizzes past my head.  “What the!”  I yell at Shaynie.  Determined to prove I can hold my own, I run at her.  Just as I approach her, I leap up in the air, flipping and landing behind her.  I tap her on the shoulder.  “You looking for me?”  In one quick moment I snag the gun from her, putting in my waistband.
“DIE!”  She yells and reaches up to strangle me.
“You’re a’ deranged lunatic!”  I yell back.  “Just so you know, I’m an equal rights believer,” I say as I reach over to strangle her.  We fall to the ground, rolling around.  She lets go of my neck as I’m on my back, she is on top of me, her fist goes back and she swings at my face.  I catch her fist and bench press her off of me, leaping to my feet.
The wind shifts directions and I catch a whiff of something.  I turn to face the tree line and see all of the Pack watching us.  I notice Oak has his hand to his mouth snickering.  I glare at him, he puts his hands in front of him, shaking them like he is scared.  “You all put her up to this didn’t you!  Oh, yeah, I see you laughing.  You want a piece of me?”  The next thing I know, I’m face down on the ground and I feel the gun at the back of my head.
“Pow, pow.”  Shaynie whispered.  “Never, ever take your eyes off your opponent.” She says in her cocky antagonistic way.
I roll over, grabbing the gun, disarming her again.  Obviously she does not enjoy having things taken away from her.  She swings at me with a left hook, then a right, she kicked me, flipped me, stood on me, I flung her off.  She growled and called me a few choice words.  I said “Do you kiss your mom with that mouth?”  That apparently is the wrong thing to say to her.
Her mouth squished up in an unnatural pose, eyes set on her target (which happens to be me).  She let out some animalistic howl and ran at me full speed ahead.  I have the advantage of speed and agility, so I step out of her way.  She runs smack into a tree.  “Oh Abel, you’re going to pay for that.”  She growls.
The guys make a circle around us like a schoolyard takedown.  Me against psycho wolf from hell.  “You wanna piece of me?  Come on little girl, if you feel froggy come and get it.”  I taunt.
She runs at me; leaping on top of me hindering my ability to jump. Nice move.  Her legs wrap around my waist as she climbs on my back, one of her hands under my chin and the other on the top of my head.  If I didn’t know better, I’d think she was trying to rip my head from my shoulders, so I do what anyone else would do in the same position.  I run backwards ramming her into a tree, knocking the wind out of her as she crumples to the ground.  She lay there in some unnatural position, her cap off her head and her hair hiding her face.  I drop to my knees putting two fingers to her neck looking for a pulse.  The guys all gather closer, Dolly behind me ready to take over if needed.  My heart pounding out of my chest, oh crap I killed her, running through my mind over and over.  I yell for them to stop standing there staring at her and do something.  She burst into laughter, she reaches up with both of her hands grabbing my face pulling it down to her and she pecked me on the mouth.
“That was so cute Abe, you really thought you killed me.  Awe, you’re adorable.”  She giggled.
“You suck Shaynie!”  I turn around to face everyone and said “You all suck too!”
Pru and Bryon cackling like that have lost their mind.  Everything jovial and then we hear a growl from behind Pru. A solid chocolate brown wolf with huge black eyes comes walking in from the trees.  Everyone steps back making way for the wolf to face me.  I sensed him sizing me up, deciding if I am a worthy opponent.  
My invisible shackles up, my heart pounding, every ounce of my being wanted to run.  My skin is itchy, my head spinning, and I knew my competitor ….General Phelan.  He looks around at each Pack member; they all cower back giving him room to rumble with me.  We stare at one another for what seems forever, and then to my dismay he turns around and walks away.
Pru runs up to me.  “You did great Abe.”  She flings her arms around me giving me a big hug.  “You were totally bad ass!”
“You think?”  I asked.
“Oh, totally Abe.  I hate to admit it but I think Shaynie was incredible.  She didn’t hold back on you at all.” 
Hearing her name Shaynie came walking over with Bryon in tow.  “Pretty good game Abel,” she said as she straightened up her ponytail.
Oakley grabs me from behind spinning me around.  “Dude, that was awesome.  I can’t believe you held your own against General Phelan.  That was really remarkable.”
“I didn’t really do anything.”  I admitted trying to figure out why everyone is so stoked over my brief encounter with the General.
“You stood your ground against an Alpha male, not just any Alpha either.”  Oakley says.
“Abel that really was awesome.  I’m so proud of you.”  Pru said as she took my hand and led me back to the house.  
“Were those real bullets in Shaynie’s gun?  It felt real when it went whizzing past my head.”  I said as we go into the den of the house.  I stop in the kitchen to wash my hands.  I didn’t really get what everyone was talking about.  I did what I had to do; I don’t feel like it was anything spectacular.
“I’m thinking they’re theatrical bullets made not to penetrate the skin.  I hear she never misses so it was probably intentional that she missed you.  You so passed the test with my dad.  Its times like this I wish you’d already shifted, you and I’d go for a run.  Let’s go for a ride… just drive somewhere and blast the stereo.”  
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
PRU

We hopped in my car and took a cruise to downtown Oklahoma City to grab some dinner in trendy Bricktown.  Technically it isn’t a town, it was more of an old industrial area that still had brick roads and old buildings that had been converted to restaurants, night clubs, and shopping.  After losing an intense coin flip, we went to Ta Ta’s to have hot wings, Abel was beaming with happiness. Of course they’re served by girls in barely-there shorts and tight t-shirts.  
My first impression is classy trashy.  The tables are tall with cheap rolls of paper towels on top of them.  I noticed there are a lot of guys in traditional salesman wear, khaki’s and polo’s. I wonder if the wives know where their husbands are spending their lunch hour.  After we placed our hot wings and soda order, I headed to the bathroom to freshen up with lip gloss and brush through my hair.  Stepping out I caught a whiff of something familiar that didn’t include hot sauce or chili powder.
“Arien” I said to the over dressed man that was lurking outside of the women’s restroom.
“The beautiful princess Prudence, how lucky to run into the princess without her puppies.”  He licked his lips seductively as he stared at me with those honey-colored eyes that were undeniably some of the most beautiful I’ve ever seen.  It struck me that they seemed oddly familiar.  Maybe a dream, I think to myself.
“What do you want Arien?”  I crossed my arms trying to pull off a nonchalant annoyed attitude.
He stepped forward, taking a handful of my hair and pulled it up to his nose taking a whiff.  “Oh, I see you’ve been tumbling around with some of your comrades.  Love, you know what I want.  Or have you forgotten?  I thought your kind had memories like elephants.”
“Well love, I don’t know what you’re talking about.”  I smirked.  “As a matter of fact, I have a fantastic memory love.”
“Then I’m sure you remember me telling you that I have no problem bringing your friend Allie over to the dark side.  She’ll be very good at it too, she is already dramatic.  I’ve really become attached to her, and I think her parents are delightful.  Like mother like daughter.”  He puts emphasis on every word he spoke.  “That brother of hers sure has terrible taste in friends, between you and that dreadful Bryon.  Did Allie tell you about our little trip to see some of my family?  Everyone is just dying to have a little taste of my new lady friend.”  He put his finger to his lips in the shhh pose.  “Don’t tell her brother, but she is no lady a brother would be proud of.”  
Oh, I wanted to stake him.  That man could make my blood boil.  “I don’t understand why you think involving a mortal is going to make me sway?  If you taking Allie is something you have your heart set on, you’ll do it anyway.  Oh but that’s right, you don’t have a heart do you?  At least one that beats.”  I turned around and headed back to my table.
“Oh little love, you just might regret that.”  He whispered under his breath, knowing good well that I’d hear him.
Abel was sitting at the table flirting with the waitress.  “Hey Pru, this is Chrissy.  Chrissy, this is my friend I was telling you about, Pru.  She’s dating my best friend Oakley.”
After our clumsy hellos and drink refills, Abel made a promise of a double date. I finally had a minute to talk to Abel alone.  I was amazed at two things, one that he said Oakley was his best friend and two, I was dating him.  It was probably his way of disassociating from me as anything other than ‘friend.’
“Abe, we’ve got trouble.”  I start shifting my eyes around trying to get him to pay attention to the direction I was heading him in.  “Your sister’s friend Arien is here, he stopped and said hello to me when I was coming out of the restroom.  I don’t think Allie is here but he told me they are going to go visit his family in Louisiana.  I don’t know when, but he told me they’re going.”
“You’re kidding me?  I can’t believe that guy thinks he is good enough to date my sister.  I don’t know what it is about him but he seems like he is up to something.”  He pulled off the dumb act just like we practiced.  We couldn’t let on that Abel knew anything about the supernatural world that way they wouldn’t suspect he is the one they are looking for.
“I feel like I’m starting to get a migraine. After we eat I think we should head home.”  
After fifty wings and two pitchers of soda we went to leave. Abel stopped to tell Chrissy goodbye.  How cute is that.  “Hey, what’s that under the windshield wiper?”  I said.
“Probably one of those pamphlets the bible thumpers leave.  I’ll grab it.”  Abel reached around the windshield pulling the piece of paper out from under the wiper and opened it.  “Oh no, you need to read this.”
I looked at the paper, turning it over back and forth, reading and rereading it a few times.  
There is an antidote; it must be administered within one year of infection.  It will cost you.  A lot.  Ttys
“Who do you think put it there?  You think it was someone in the restaurant?”  Abel was amped up.  “That would be great if there really is one.”
“Think about it Abel, they can’t be trusted.  Is it worth the risk?  Let them turn her and then worry about the so called antidote working?  I don’t think so.  I still think we need to cut him off before he does it.  For all we know, he put the note there.  Nope, I don’t trust it.”
“Well, it’s better than nothing.  It didn’t smell like him to me.  Actually it didn’t even smell like it was in Ta Ta’s, the paper smells human.”
I took a whiff of the paper and he was right, it didn’t smell like Arien, it didn’t smell like anyone I knew.  “You’re right.  I guess it’s a start.  We need to talk to her though, and soon.”
We drove back home bouncing ideas off one another as to who we thought it could be.  We never came up with anything, but it set a fire under us.  At least it gave Abel some type of hope and sometimes that is all we have, hope.
When I got home I sent out a few e-mails and looked online for any information about the antidote to the vampire virus. To me it didn’t really make any difference, the best way to handle it would be to avoid him turning her in the first place.  I picked up my cell phone and called her, after two rings I went to voicemail.  Great, now she is hitting ‘ignore’ when I call.  
I heard Oakley outside my bedroom door, “Come on in Oak.”  Just what I needed, more stress to deal with.  
“I come baring gifts.”  From behind his back he pulled out a plate that had two chocolate chip muffins, hot from the oven.  “I already had one, or maybe two.”  He grinned sheepishly at me as he handed me the plate.  Oakley turned my office chair around so I could fully face him.  “What’s going on P?  You’ve been in your room since you got back from Bricktown.”
I stood up and put my arms around him.  “I’ve been trying to find some information.  Look at this.”  I handed him the note from my car.
“Where did you get this from?”  He smelled the paper and handed it back to me.
“Well, look I don’t want you to start flipping out or anything.  Promise me you’ll keep your temper in check.  Deal?”  I held up my right hand in the ‘oath’ position.
He held up his right hand.  “Promise.  Now tell me what’s going on.”  He sat down on my bed with his arms crossed against that magnificent chest of his.  
Damn, I thought to myself.
“We kinda ran into Arien.”  I put my hands up trying to stop him before he went off on me.  “You promised, now just let me tell you what happened.  Okay?”
I could tell he was having a difficult time trying to keep his end of the promise.  He was adorable when he was frustrated.  I’m getting more and more demented in my ideas of adorable.  
“Prudence, I’m going to lose my patience soon, so finish your story.  Please.”
I told him the story about going to Ta Ta’s and the talk I had with Arien.  I told him the story ended with the note on my windshield.  For a short-lived story we ended up talking about it for the next hour.  His frustration was more over me not telling him about the confrontation with Arien when I first got home.  I told him that I didn’t want to say anything with my dad around, because he would be furious with me for not calling and have some of the guys come out and survey the place.  I’m sure the patrons of Ta Ta’s wanted a bunch of hunky wolves sniffing around the parking lot.  Scratch that, the girls probably would.
We snuggled up on my chaise lounge and watched “The Son of Dracula”.  I had become slightly addicted to old vampire movies in the last few months.  There must be some type of rule against weres watching vampire movies, sue me.
I rolled over to face Oakley, my heart raced a little as I scooted up so I could look him in the eye.  My hand slowly roamed up his wine colored polo, feeling his muscles hard as rocks underneath my hand.  I knew it was wrong and against what my father said, but damn, a hot guy that made your heart flutter was very hard to resist.  He closed his eyes. With a big grin on his face, I could tell he was enjoying the tease of my hand.  I draped my leg over him, pulling myself up to straddle his waist.  He scooted over to lay flat on his back, never opening his eyes.  I leaned forward so I could whisper in his ear.  “Are you enjoying yourself?”  He nodded his head yes.  I whispered again.  “I want to hear you tell me you like it, I want you to tell me that you want me to kiss you.”
“You have no idea how badly I want to feel your lips on mine.”  He opened his eyes, they held mine as I lowered my face closer to his mouth.  His arms went up behind me, slightly pulling me closer, like I wasn’t moving fast enough for him.  I can’t lie, I was enjoying teasing him.  “Pru, please.”
I couldn’t take it any longer.  I leaned all the way down and kissed him.  His hands were in my hair and rubbing up and down my back.  He tugged on my shirt until he pulled it over my head.  I was extremely thankful I decided to wear my not so secret pink bra.  His hands were on my sides as he went up and down my ribs exploring me like he was memorizing the feel of me on his hands.  We rolled around on the chaise lounge, mouth to mouth, hands exploring each other just enough to peak our imagination but not enough to regret.  His hand reached between us trying to tug on the button of my jeans.
“I can’t.”  I whispered.
He stopped and put his arms around me.  “Okay.  I told you before, we wouldn’t do anything you aren’t comfortable with.  Kiss me.”  He pulled me to him.
I kissed him just a little longer but could feel my mind and heart fighting each other and now my hormones were kicking in and I wasn’t so sure I could hold out.  “I’m sorry, we’ve got to stop or I’m not going to be able to resist much longer.”  I was slightly out of breath and reached for my shirt pulling it over my head.  
The movie was playing in the background but it wasn’t enough to drown out the footsteps that I could hear outside of my door.  I jumped off Oakley and ran my fingers through my hair trying to get my bedhead to relax.  Oakley heard it too and he sat up pulling down his polo.  
I heard the knock on the door.  Oh crapola, I thought to myself.
“It’s my dad.”  I whispered.  “Hey daddy, come in, the door is open” I was crossing my fingers Oakley didn’t lock it behind him when he came in.
“Pru, Oakley.”  He moved his head back and forth between the two of us, as if he was trying to get both of our attention.  “Am I interrupting something?”  He asked.  
“No, not at all daddy.  We’re just watching an old vampire movie.”  I pointed to the TV.
“You sure have the volume turned down low for a movie you’re watching.  Vampire movie?  Kid’s these days,” he said, as he stepped closer towards us.
My brain was rapidly firing trying to cover my tracks.  “We didn’t want to wake anyone.  Are you going home now?”  I tried to be as casual as I could but I was sure he could smell pheromones in my room.  Just what I want, my dad to know when I’m physically attracted to someone.  Joy.
He stepped closer closing the gap between us, he sits down on the bed, leaving Oakley and I sitting together.  “Oak, I’m sure Pru told you how I felt about the two of you having a relationship.”  He looked over at me.
“Yes sir, I’m aware that you’d prefer us not being romantically involved until our mission with Abel is complete.”  He lied like a pro.
“And you’re in here doing what?  Watching a movie right?”  My dad was completely onto us.  
“Yes sir.  I stopped by to check on Pru after she got back from her drive.  I am in complete understanding of your order sir.”  Oakley was very good at this.  I was going to remember to question him about any untruths he may have told me.  
“Hmph.”  My dad grumbled.  “Actually, I’m glad you’re both together, it keeps me from having to repeat myself.  I’m here regarding Shaynie.  I just left her room. I heard her crying when I was walking by.”  Oakley and I were shocked.
“Is everything okay?”  I was totally in disbelief.
“She is a sensitive girl Pru.  I guess she feels like an outsider.  Bryon has done a good job of entertaining her but when he isn’t around she feels left out.  You and Abel went out for a ride and you didn’t invite her to go with you.”
“What?  You’re kidding me?  She is crying because I didn’t invite her out for a drive with my student.  That is ludicrous.  I’ve asked her to go run with me, I’ve invited her to go shopping. I’ve tried being a good hostess to her.  I didn’t ask for her to come here so I don’t understand why I have to be the one to make her feel welcome.”  I was seething.  
“That might be true Pru, but she is a guest here until we figure out if she is a good fit for our Pack.  Until that time, I expect you to make sure she is welcome to tag along with you.  This” he flung his hand back and forth between Oakley and I and the television. “Would have been a good opportunity to invite her into your room.  She may have liked watching a movie with you both.  I’m not going to limit your time together, Oakley and Pru, but do know that I do not want a full blown boyfriend girlfriend situation.  I am fully aware that you both have imprinted on each other that is obvious.  I can’t control you in a relationship because that goes against the laws of nature, but I am ordering you both to practice some self control.  Understood?”  
“Understood.”  We said in unison.
“I’ll do what I can for Shaynie, but I’m not going to deal with some chick that can’t keep her emotions in check.  That is one of the first things we learn, don’t they teach that to them in the Dallas order?  Never mind.  Like I said, I’ll be nice to her but there are times she can’t hang out with Abel and me.  Actually, there are a lot of times she can’t be with us.  Hell, I take her to school, I share my house with her when she could have gone to Choctaw.  Why don’t you get Vince or one of the guys to play nice with her?”  I was feeling just a little bit snarky about this turn of events with the little Miss. Shaynie.  
My dad stood up and headed for the door.  “I will talk to the guys and your mother, but keep in mind, she relates to you because you’re close to her age.  I’ve got to get back to Choctaw; I have a meeting with one of the chain grocery stores about carrying our jellies.  I want all of you to come out there later this week. I want you to have a complete plan for the next new moon and Allie.  After Father’s Day we have to take care of Abel, time is running short. I sensed it in him today when we squared off against each other.”
I got up to hug him.  “I don’t have a plan about Allie, I’ll come up with something though.  Quick question.  Have you ever heard of an antidote for the vampire virus?  Something that is effective if done within the first year?”  I didn’t think telling him about the run in with Arien was a good idea right now.
“I’ve heard that before, but I’ve never heard of anyone finding it.  Good night, and remember no mating.”  He kissed me on the forehead.
“Oh gross dad.  Bye.”  I locked my door behind him.  “Ohmigod, that was so close!”
“He’s right Pru.  We aren’t any good to Abel if we’re not focusing on him.”  He pulled me onto his lap.
“You’re so kidding me.  You’re not buying into that are you?”  I asked.
“Pru, it doesn’t matter, we’ll be together soon.  If we’re doing this next month, it is just around the corner.”  
I knew he was right, but I wasn’t going to admit it.  “Okay, but I still want to kiss when we can.”  I leaned in kissing him ever so lightly.  “What about Shaynie?”
“It seems fishy.  I don’t get a good vibe from her.  I’ve been trying but she pulls off this impression that she is superwoman and then she is crying in her room because you didn’t invite her out to play?  Yeah, that just doesn’t sit well with me.  I’m going to monitor her a little closer.  As a matter of fact, why don’t you text me when she’s around so I can make sure she isn’t up to something.  I might even check out her room this week.”  He gave me a big hug and told me goodnight.


Chapter 22. 


I lay there saying my prayers, thanking God for all of the good things that have happened to me, and praying for guidance regarding Abel.  I prayed that Oakley was safe when we’re apart.  I prayed for all of the wolves, the little cub wolves that were being killed because of over population.  I prayed that those states would find a better solution.  I prayed for all of the werewolves out there that were all alone and not understanding what was happening to them, and for the rogues that they would find their way.  My mind was slipping to sleep mode as it did during my prayers every night.  
It was so cold, and dark.  I was on a street but there wasn’t anything else but the streetlights around.  No houses or buildings, nothing just a paved road with streetlights.  A woman appeared at the end of the street,  her dress was illuminated and as she walked closer to me each streetlight would go out, a little ball of light bouncing from the pole to the woman’s white illuminated gown.
“Hello Pru, you’ve really grown up since the last time we met.”  The woman said softly.  She stood there like Glenda the good witch, hands out and a ridiculous smile on her face.  
“I don’t recall meeting you before.  Who are you?  And where are we?”  I insisted my hands in front of me palms up in a question pose.
“We’re in your thoughts, this is the place you decided to meet.  I’m unaware as to why.  I can alter it as needed,” she said in a British accent.  A huge ornate chair appeared and she took a seat.  I looked around and we were now on some kind of stage inside a school auditorium.  My dreams have always been really strange, kinda in a Disney meets Freddy way.  I don’t know how many times I wake up singing and then I’ll have the song stuck in my head all day the following day. “Who are you?”  I asked again.
“My name is Whiltierna, you can call me Whilly,” she said.
“You’re Irish, I wouldn’t have thought that since you have a British accent.  Why are you here?”   I ask.  Strangely I felt unexplainably comfortable. 
“I’m here as a friend.  You called to me before and I helped you with what I could.  “I’m your spirit guide so to speak.  I’ve walked with you for many years but you’ve only called to me once before.  You were very very young and you thought you had seen me, and truth be told, you had.  We talked about your dreams and your friend Josie.  How is she?  I haven’t seen her around.”  
“She left us.  I don’t know why, but I think she thought she was bringing danger to us and left.  Does she know about you?”  I asked.  Everything seemed so normal now.  I pulled up a chair that had appeared and sat facing Whilly, talking like old friends.
“Of course she knows about me.  I’ve known her spirit guide for many lives, we always find a way to intermingle our friendships.  We bring people together who should know each other.  I’d love to sit around and chit-chat with you but I really can’t stay like this.  You called on me so what can I do for you?”  She swept her black bangs over and tucked them behind her ear.  She had brown eyes and looked like Snow White with her pale complexion and the white-lighted dress and black hair.  She laced her fingers together and sat so prim and proper waiting for me to answer her.
“I don’t know.”  I was really confused.  “Maybe it has something to do with the note left on my car.  It said there is a cure for the vampire virus.  I need to know where to find it?”
“That is a tough one dear but I think you’ll be pleased to know that Josie and her coven may have the answer to that.  She is a protector of secrets, something you might not know.  Part of being a protector is keeping the secret that you are one.  I’m immune to earthly rules so I can blab all I want.  The only people that I can’t keep secrets from are my charges…. You happen to be one of them.  Slightly confusing I know, but her coven guards the secrets of the supernatural world.  The Council doesn’t even know who the keepers are.  I hope that helps you my friend.  You must remember that the Protectors are secret and no one can know who they are.”  Her dress started fading and she looked up and around as though she was worried someone would see her.  “I must go.  Bye”
And she was gone.  I sat on the stage looking around wondering why I was still sitting there.  For reasons unbeknownst to me I went and stood in the center of the stage and broke out singing “The Sun Will Come Out Tomorrow” from “Annie.”  I’m not a good singer, would be an understatement.  My voice is too husky and not in a jazzy blues-singer kind of way.  In our dreams we do the oddest things and accept them as normal.  
The sound of applause erupted from the audience of chairs.  I looked out and Arien sat there clapping.
“That was delightful, Love.”  Arien said
I slumped my head forward shaking it back and forth.  Of course.  I have no escape from the vampire from hell.  “Arien.  Why are you here?”  
“Oh love, I simply can’t get enough of you.”  He magically appeared directly in front of me.  His cold hands reached up and pushed my hair off of my shoulders.  “You know something? I think your hair would be very sexy if you wore it short.”  He gave me a toothy grin.
“I’m trying to sleep, why are you here?”  I snapped at him.
He held his hands out if front of him.  “Princess Pru, you’re the one that invited me to visit.  I didn’t appear on my own this time.  You did that sleep walker class with those fools in Ireland right?  You summoned me, I’m stuck in your head like a bad song.  So what do you want Pru?”  He walked around me in a circle, never taking his eyes off my eyes, my head twisting around to follow his walk.  “Could you be secretly harboring feelings for me?”  He flashed me another grin.  “I can smell the pheromones from you, are you looking for a real lover?  You need someone who can really make you howl?”  He threw his head back and howled.  In an instant he was directly in front of me.  “So, Pru, what can I do for you.”   He arched his eyebrow at me. 
Why can’t I have a great big wooden stake in my hand?  Dammit.  I wanted to strangle him so he could never speak again.  “I sure as hell did NOT summon you.  Go away vermin!”  
“Oh, don’t call me names, it hurts my feelings.” He frowned at me.  “Did I tell you that your little friend, what is her name?  Oh that looker from Dallas, Shazba?”  He asked.
“Her name is Shaynie.  What do you want with her?”  I demanded.
“I think she wants to be friends with Allie, I saw she was texting her.  She made plans to go shopping together, just the two of them.  I guess you’re not doing a good enough job.  Too bad, because I love seeing you.”
Oh I’m not going to like having a female around at all.
“Love?  Are you okay?”  He reached forward with his cold hand stroking my jaw.
“Don’t touch me.”  I said through gritted teeth.
“Oh I think you like me touching you.  I think you’re just dying to know what it would be like to be with me.  I think you fantasize about me pulling you in close like this.”  He pulled me forward to him; his hold on me was tight.  “I think you fantasize us doing this.”  He drew me in and kissed me on the lips, my body having no control, my mouth opened and responded to his.  He had me dipped backwards my arms just dangling behind me.  But why?  He can’t compel me, so how was it that I was kissing him.  It didn’t feel like I had any control.  He pulled away from me.  “I knew you’d like that.  Good night Love, sleep tight.”  He disappeared.
I stood there on the stage with my hand to my mouth, touching my lips that pulsated with the blood rush from his strong kiss. My body responded to his kiss, how?  Why?  I’d never one time thought about him in that way.  What kind of monster am I?  How could I do that to Oakley?  To my dad?  How could I do that to Allie?  Not that I think anyone should be with a vampire, but I’d never hurt her.  I need therapy.  I can’t handle this.  And Shaynie?  What the hell?  First things first, I was going to deal with her.  


~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 


ABEL

 “Hey mom, hey dad.  I tried calling you but I ended up in voicemail.  I left a message though.”  I ramble out trying to beat them to the question phase.
“I got the message.”  Dad said to me.  “Ta Ta’s huh?  That is an interesting place to take a date.”
“Geez! WE ARE NOT DATING.  I don’t know why I can’t get you both to understand that.”  My parents are driving me out of my mind.  “As a matter of fact, I gave the waitress my phone number.”
“Abel!  You don’t do that when you’re out with a girl.”  Mom said.
“Are you not listening to me?  I’m not dating Pru, she and I are just friends.  I’ve got a report to do, goodnight.”  I kiss them both and run up the stairs to my room.
I stop by Allie’s room, where Bryon is staying when she is at school.   I tap on the door “Hey man, just thought I’d stop and say good-night.  So, good-night.”
He closes his journal that he is writing in.  “Yeah, good-night to you too.  You were pretty good today.  I think this will all work out.”  He clicks the remote to the ceiling fan from low to high.  
“Thanks.  I’ll see you in the morning.”  I close the door behind me.
“See you.”
Trying to get my mind focused I decide to do some push-ups.  I hear my phone beep with a text.
“Hi Abel, I was wondering if you were up? :)  Chrissy”
Oh snap.  Someone who isn’t a vamp or were is texting me.  Me!  A girl from Ta Ta’s!
“Yup I’m up. :) Abel” I try not to sound too lame.  
“Can I call you?”
“Yes.”  
I had the phone on low but my new supersonic hearing made it sound much louder.  My touch screen decided to take the night off.  I miss the call.  I call her right back telling her that my phone is special needs and I’m sorry.  
After talking with her, I put the phone on the charger.  I think the phone people lie when they say the battery will last even when on a call.  I’m down to one bar after just an hour on it. I lay in the bed thinking about how Chrissy told me about losing her parents last year and she is responsible for so much.  I could hear the pain in her voice when she described them to me and I couldn’t help but think that is how my family will feel when I die.  I roll over onto my stomach, trying to get comfortable.  I can’t believe she agreed to go out with me, Monday feels like a lifetime away.
The dogs in the neighborhood start barking, that can only mean one thing…. Werewolf.  Sure enough Parker is in my yard.  I wave and he nods his head at me.  At least I’m protected, right?  More like smothered.  It is apparent to me that I’ll have a pack of wolves on my date if they know I’m going out with someone they don’t know.  I decide what they don’t know won’t hurt them.  I close my eyes and sleep finds me.
Pru and I ride out to Stillwater with the hopes of convincing Allie to take the money and the part in the movie.  “Of all the things I’ve done since I met you, I think this is the craziest.  I can’t imagine her agreeing to this, but I guess anything is possible.”  I notice the sky is filling up with Cumulonimbus clouds.  “I hope we make it home before the weather gets bad.  I can smell it, can you?”  I’d wondered if other people smelled tornados or if it was just me.
“Actually, I can.  It does have an eerie feel out today.  I think we will probably get home about seven or eight.  I doubt she will want to go to dinner so we’ll just hang out and pump up the trip to Reno, get her excited about it.  I have a contract from that movie to give her.”
“Really?  Wow, that is kinda cool.  I thought you were just making up the movie deal.”  I wondered if as an Alpha if I’d have so many cool contacts around me.
“My phone just beeped, can you check my messages?”  Pru asks.
I hate rummaging around in girls’ purses; it is like no man’s land.  Thankfully she has a side pocket she keeps her phone in.  “It’s just Allie, she said she’d meet us at Eskimo Joes in 20 minutes.  Maybe she is eating better.”  
We watch as Allie pulls up in Arien’s car.  She struts into the restaurant wearing designer aviators and I know she has on some fancy designer outfit, especially when I hear Pru gasp.  
Pru starts out the conversation telling her about this friend of the family that saw some pictures of Allie and wants her for a movie they are working on.  She tells her the three thousand dollars is an advance but the producer will pay her a total of ten thousand dollars for her to play a bartender in the movie.  She seems impressed although she checks her watch for maybe the fourth time in the last five minutes.  I notice she is a little reserved but still eccentric.  
“Hey sis, are you okay?  You seem a little….. I don’t know, sad I guess.”  
“No, it’s nothing.  I just haven’t been sleeping well at night.  I mean, I can sleep in the daytime without any problem, but night…not so much.”  She has her paper napkin in her hand tearing it into tiny pieces, balling them up and shooting them with her finger across the room.  “Don’t say anything to mom or dad, I don’t need them to worry about me.  My grades are fine, actually I’m able to finish my assignments without any problems.  It’s like college work comes super easy for me… like I got smarter or something.”  She reaches in her purse pulling out lip gloss to smear all over her lips.
“What do you do all night if you’re not sleeping?”  Pru asks while clinking the ice in her drink with her straw.
“Well…. Uh…. I just hang out with Arien, we play Scrabble, or shop online, he is really generous to me and we do stuff.”  She grins at Pru, giving her the silent girl code look.
“Ewww, I don’t want to hear that!”  I say.
“Well, it isn’t like that is all we do Abe, for God’s sake I’m old enough to mess around with my boyfriend if I want.  We go visit friends of his; there is usually a party at his uncle’s house so we spend several nights a week hanging out with him.  There are a lot of interesting things that happen at his parties but it is usually pretty hazy to me.  I remember going to the party, and I don’t drink or anything but everything is very blurred to my memory.”  Allie said.
“That sounds weird Allie, what kind of things happen?”  Pru asks.  The waitress comes over and refreshes our drinks.  Someone just put money in the jukebox playing a Katy Perry song.
“Well, people make out and disappear to rooms together.  I don’t really know what they do in there, but Arien assures me that they aren’t having sex.  He says they are sharing a specialized vitamin treatment.  Whatever.  It doesn’t really make sense to me.  We never talk about it after the parties, sometimes I wonder if he remembers or not because he always tells me I must have been dreaming.  I know I’m not, but it is a little foggy.  Before either one of you accuse Arien of giving me a roofie, he never would so don’t go there with me.”  She tears the final piece of her napkin and shoots it across the room at the bartender.
“Are you still planning on going away for the weekend to visit his family?”  Pru asks the question of the night.  
She and I both wait anxiously for the answer.  I keep hearing the couple at the table next to us, the more beers they have, the louder they get.  I’d counted the waitress bringing them new beers at least five times, and that is when I was keeping count.  The husband sounds like a used car salesman, loud and boisterous, the wife dumb as a doorknob. I try tuning them out, to no avail.
Allie jumps up from our table and walks over to the couple.  She slams her hand on the table loud enough that I wonder if the table has broken in half.  “If you don’t mind, would you talk a little QUIETER.  Not really up for discussion either.  You see, I’m having dinner with my brother” She points to me and I half heartedly waved to them, “And my friend” She points to Pru, who I can hear her thoughts and she is praying we don’t end up in a bar fight.  “I’m sure you both understand.  I’m feeling so generous today that I’ll even pay for your dinner if you’ll keep your yappers down low.  Get it?  Got it?  Good.”
The couple nodded in unison and cheered one another for scoring a free dinner.  I try tuning into their thoughts and there isn’t any hostility or ill feelings about Allie going over to their table.  Interesting.  I can’t help but wonder if she has the ability to compel someone to her will.
“Where were we?  Oh, oh yeah the trip to Louisiana.  Actually no we’re not going to be able to go.  Arien told me today that it was going to be a while before we would have a chance to go visit.”  She shrugs it off like it doesn’t bother her.
Pru put her hand on Allie’s hand, and told her that she is sorry.  Both she and I were actually greatly relieved we wouldn’t have to come up with some wild plan to keep her in town.  I tuned in to Pru for a second and she was taking note that Allie’s hand felt colder than normal.  
“So, what do you think about Reno?”  Pru asks, trying to guide her back to the movie deal.
“You know, it sounds pretty rad and all, but I’m not sure.  I’ll have to talk to Arien and see how he feels about it.”  
I can’t believe my ears, my once independent sister is now allowing a man dictate to her what she can or cannot do.  I want to scream.  
“Allie?  You’re going to ask Arien if you can be in a movie?  Wow, you’ve changed.”  I try not to sound too condescending; it is hard not too though.
“It isn’t like that Abel.  Really?  You’re going to lecture me about discussing something with my boyfriend.  You don’t think he would be concerned if I left town?”  She put her finger to her ear like she was trying to hold it in place.  “You’re really pissing me off Abel.  If I didn’t know better, I’d think you and Pru were trying to keep us apart.  Is that what you’re doing?”  She glared at Pru and I.
“Of course not Allie.  I think what Abel is trying to say is he’s just worried that you haven’t known him that long, so it is a little hard to digest that you want to consult with him over such a big opportunity.  You have to see the benefit, I mean look, you’d be free to finish school without any debt, that would be awesome.”  Pru says. 
“Funny.  I don’t know if you realize this or not Pru, but you and Abel haven’t known each other that long, yet I can’t even have dinner with my brother without you.  No offense but I think it is a little pot calling the kettle black.”  Allie crosses her arms leaning back into her chair.
I take a deep controlled breath before I answer her.  “I’d really appreciate it if you wouldn’t talk that way to my friend.  This is different Cat, I’m sure you can tell the difference.  It isn’t like you’re hiding something from him, but the burden of your college would be taken off our parents and you’d have a great summer.  I’d really appreciate an apology to Pru.” I’m proud how civilized I was on my answer to her.
Allie turns to face Pru.  “Sorry.”  She looks at me, “Satisfied?  If we’re done here, I have to go.  I’m meeting Arien for an astrology lesson.”  She gets up and drops a hundred dollar bill on the table and says “That should be enough to pay for our food and the nincompoops at that table.”  She put her arms around me to hug me and said, “By the way, Arien paid all of my student loans off, so college really isn’t an issue for me.”  With that, she turned on her heel and walks out the door, not before sliding her aviators on.
“Slightly intense huh?  I doubt she does the Reno gig since her prince charming is paying for everything.”  Pru says to me as she rummages through her purse pulling out her cell phone. “I mean, look at the big picture, if she leaves she may lose him to another girl and he won’t be bank rolling her anymore.  I don’t know Abe, I’m really worried about this.”
“I know.  Me too.”  I’d come to realize my sister is breaking my heart, watching her turn into someone I don’t know, someone who I’m not sure I want to know.  I lean over to the table next to us and tell them I’m sorry, she is having a really bad day.  They smile at me telling me it is fine.  Yeah, I wondered if they’d feel the same if they just realized the bride of vampire just paid for dinner.
Three days later I get a text from Allie.  “Sorry if I seemed moody the other night  I’m going to go to Reno and meet the director tomorrow.  Luv AC”
She took the bait.  Finally something goes right I think to myself.  I send Pru a quick text telling her we can focus on training and Allie will be tucked away in Reno. 

Chapter 23. 


PRU

With Allie in Reno I had expected to hear from Arien via dream walking but he was quiet.  Actually he was so quiet it started to worry me.  Silence isn’t always good.
The weather was so nice lately with the high in the 80’s and the humidity fairly low I did most of my workouts in the backyard.  I’d just set my yoga mat out when I see Shaynie dressed in black yoga capris and a hot pink tank top, her pony tail bouncing around as she is jogging over to me.  Why is she coming towards me?  Go away, please go away, and don’t come over here.  I think to myself.  Apparently myself isn’t listening today.
“Pru?”  She asked while chomping on some giant wad of gum.
“Yes?”  I replied.
“I was just wondering.  Do you like me?”  She tilted her head to the side trying her best to look innocent.
“Do I like you?  I don’t really know you to form an opinion.”  I was trying to be as honest as possible with her.
“You are a good liar.”  Shaynie said.
“What did you just say to me?”  I closed the space between us, getting in her face.  “I don’t believe I heard you right.  I hope you do realize who I am.”  I could tolerate a lot, but I would not tolerate her being insubordinate to me.
“I’m talking to the Pack princess, right?  I thought so.  You see, I am still a guest, thus your silly little Pack rules don’t really apply to me.”  She pulled her yoga mat out sitting down on it.  “I don’t know what your problem is Pru, but I’ve been here a short time and I’ve done absolutely nothing to you, and you walk around like you have a chip on your shoulder when I’m around.  I don’t get it.  Are you afraid your little friend Oakley will notice me?  Or is it that you’re afraid of me?  Are you afraid of women that are a challenge to you?  Am I going too fast?”
I wanted to tear her from limb to limb. “Shaynie, wow, you give yourself too much credit to think that I actually give a care about you.  I don’t.  You really think that I care if you’re pretty?  Please.  I know you’re up to something you little twit, I will figure it out.  Until that time, stay away from me, and if you know what’s good for you, you’ll keep your nose out of our business.”  I was fuming and knew at any moment our verbal argument was going to turn physical.  One thing I knew for certain, I could take her.
Still stretching she looked away and laughed to herself before saying, “I think I’ve hit a nerve.  Oh look, your little pet is coming over here.  I just love the way you two look at each other.  It would be a shame if you were separated somehow.”  She stood up and put her mat back in her bag.  “I guess we probably won’t do yoga today since you have your tail in a wad.”
Oakley was jogging over to us.
“Ladies.  Am I interrupting?”  Oakley said.
Shaynie put her hand on his shoulder and in her sappiest sounding voice said, “Oh Oakley, don’t worry, the princess here was just making it clear how she feels about me.  She is such the jealous type.  You really need to watch out for the controlling kind of girls, they have issues in their head.”  She put her finger to her temple swirling her finger around giving the crazy sign.  She reached up and whispered in his ear, “If you ever want to know what it’s like to be with a real woman, just stop by my room.”
I dove at her and Oakley grabbed me pulling me behind him.  “Shaynie, I think it’s time for you to leave because in just a moment I’m going to turn a blind eye and Pru will whip your ass.  Just sayin’.”  His eyebrows lifting in his cocky way.
“One day, maybe in the not so distant future, you’re going to need me and you just might regret this little rift.  Just sayin’.”  She headed back towards the house, stops, turns around and blew us a kiss.
“Did she just threaten me?  I hate her, really I do.  I’m going to have a talk with my father.  I’m not going to let her just walk into my Pack and threaten me.  And what was that anyway, you pulling me behind you.”
He put his hands on my shoulders facing me, “P, you know that if I didn’t put a stop to it, that there would be a rift between the General and the Dallas Alpha, we have to keep our allies just that.  If you go and kill one of their girls I doubt it would go over very well.”  He pulled me in and kissed the top of my head.
“I hate it when you’re right.  Just so you know, she started it.  I was just minding my own business when she started this whole thing.”  I put my head on his chest feeling his muscular arms pulling me tighter to him.
“You smell pretty, what perfume do you wear?”  He asked me.
“That would be essence of Pru?  No, really I don’t wear much, just some body splash.”  
“Give me essence of Pru any day.  You always smell sweet and spicy to me. Let’s run.”  He looked down at me winking.
 “That’s me, sweet and spicy.”  I took off running to the woods ripping my clothes off as I shifted.


~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 


ABEL

I pull up to Ta Ta’s and I see Chrissy walk out to the car in high heels that show off her athletic calves.  I catch my breath as she opens the car door and I smell her perfume mixed with hot wings and soap, I file it in my memory bank.  
She leans over and kisses me on my cheek.  “Hey you, thank you for picking me up at work.  I changed in the bathroom, I hope I don’t smell like food.”  She reaches over to snap her seatbelt in place.
“Hey, right back at you.  You smell and look great,” I say as I put the car in gear.  “I’ve never done the water taxi at the canal before.  I hope you’re up for it.”
“Me either.  Sounds like fun.”  She leans back in her seat as I start our short five minute drive to the parking garage.
Our ‘water taxi ambassador’ is a character to say the least and the passengers are all having a good time.  Chrissy laughed at all of my stupid jokes which in turn causes me to tell more.   We eat dinner at one of the smaller non-chain places before heading over to the movies to see “Laughter Helps” a story about an up and coming comedian.  It looks like the only non-chick flick or blood and gore movie out.
Over the last nine months I had thought Pru was a perfect match for me, the more I learn about Chrissy, I realize she is a better fit.   I feel strong and protective and everything seems easy and not forced.  I think she is into me which worries me a little.  If Pru insists on her plan it means Chrissy will lose me and cause her more pain. I should have thought of this before I took her out.  I have the mental fight with myself as I drive her home thinking I’ll wait to kiss her until we go out again.  If we go out again.  Her modest house is well kept with its manicured lawn, little yellow flowers in the flowerboxes and picture perfect neighborhood.  I hear a couple of dogs barking as I get out to open her car door.  I think shhhhhhhh as loud as I can and silence followed.    Cool I think to myself.
 “Good night Abel, I had a really good time.  Thank you for walking me to the door.”  Chrissy says as she pulls her keys out of her purse.
“I had a good time too.  I’m hoping that you and I can go out again this week.  No pressure or anything, I’ll let you think about it.”  I feel so dumb saying it that way.  I don’t want her to think I’m some dork or anything like that. 
“I’d love to.  They don’t post our schedule until tomorrow so I’ll text you and let you know when.  Thank you for tonight.”  She put her arms around me giving me a hug.
 “Good night Abel.”
“Good night Chrissy.” I reply.
When I get in my car I try not to freak out, I just had a date with a hot girl who wants to go out with me again!  Fortunately I have GPS or I’d never found my way back to the highway.  I look in the review mirror spotting a familiar truck behind me… Oakley.  I guess he has nothing better to do than follow me around.  I’m going to make a terrible Alpha if I’m just now figuring out I’ve got someone tailing me.  He follows me all the way to my house.
“That was some intense hugging you did back there.”  Oakley says as he hops out of his truck.  “You’re a regular Casanova.” He starts laughing, crossing his arms across his chest and looking cool and relaxed.  It is annoying how perfect he always looks.  “I only followed you for a while.  I had to make sure you were safe.  With Allie out of town we run the risk of Arien going after you, so we follow you around like loyal little pups.  Pun intended.  Does your friend have cats?  I get a faint whiff of cat.”
“I think she does, I smelled it too but didn’t say anything to her about it.  She told me she has pets but we never really talked about them.  I’d rather you not say anything to Pru about tonight, unless you already have.”  I look around noticing that my mom’s car is still gone and dad is still at work.
Oakley must have noticed me looking around.  “Don’t worry, one of the guys is keeping an eye on your mom.  We don’t trust Arien at all so we’re trying to head off any trouble before it starts.  School will be out Wednesday and I thought we’d take a road trip down to Dallas to have a talk with Shaynie’s Pack.  She and Pru had a disagreement and I’m a little curious to find out why she is really here.
“Don’t you have something else to do?  Is following me around that exciting?”  I lean up against my car listening to the cooling off ticking cars do.
“Actually Abel, I don’t.  You being my assignment and all.”  Oakley said.
“I thought Pru was your assignment.”  I try mocking his tone.
“You’re a riot.”  He punches my arm.
I grab my arm, “Owie, I’m fragile.”  I punch him back and we start wrestling in the front yard.  “About Wednesday, I don’t know.  I asked Chrissy if she’d like to go out this week, she told me her schedule will be posted tomorrow.  I don’t see any reason to go spy on Shaynie anyway, I think she’s just jealous, that’s the vibe I get from her.  Bryon and her get along just fine.  I think she must be low ranking within their Pack, just from what I gather from our talks.  They’ll be fine; they just have to work it out.”  I unlock the front door letting us inside.
“Yes, wise one.”  He put his hands together leaning forward in mock bow.
“Ha ha, now who’s the riot?”  I snicker as I go in the house.  “See you tomorrow.”
“Hasta.”  

I go out with Chrissy a few times before I feel the urge to tell Pru about it.  Oakley had promised me he would keep it to himself but insisted on following me around.  Thankfully Chrissy never seemed to notice him, I on the other hand saw him everywhere.  I invited Chrissy over for dinner with my parents.  I figure that if I have to die at least my parents can say they knew I’d dated someone.  
 “Abel, your family is really great.  I think your mom is very funny and she is so beautiful, I’d never guess she is old enough to have kids as old as you and your sister.  Your dad, he thinks he is hilarious and that makes him even funnier.  Don’t take them for granted, life is too short.”  She looked down at her hands for a minute.  “I’m sorry, I think being around a real family unit kinda makes me miss my family.”
I look into her eyes, so beautiful and glassy with tears.  “Don’t cry Chris, I’m so so sorry about your parents, I can’t even begin to imagine how you feel.  I’m positive they are proud of you and how well you’ve held up all alone.”  A tear escaped her eye, I reach up and wipe it away with my finger, for some unknown reason I can taste her tear.  The salty taste reminds me that she is human.  I lean in and kiss her lightly on her lips, pulling her in just a little closer.  I feel her hands trembling as she puts her arms around me and kisses me deeper and more passionately.  “You know, I think you’re amazing.”
“You’re pretty amazing too.”   She smiles up at me with her tear streaked face. 


Since Allie hasn’t met Chrissy yet, I suggest we go online and Skype. She’s obviously enjoying her new job blathering about the people on the set.  After her walking around with the laptop showing off her room I feel a little nauseous.  We finally hang up and I’m relieved.  Needing fresh air I ask Chrissy to go on a walk with me. Of course all of the dogs decided to be on their worst behavior barking up a storm as we walk past.  
“Oh look, there’s a park.  I love to swing.”  She claps her hands together in excitement.  “This is so pretty.  Did you play here when you were a kid?”  She squees in delight.
“Sometimes.  My babysitter wasn’t really an outdoorsy type.”  I take her hand, “Let me show you something.”  We walk over to my favorite tree.  “See this tree?  Well, it’s magical.”
Chrissy leaned her back up against it, I stand in front of her with my feet spread apart so I’d be shorter and can look her in the eye. 
“Magical?  Really….hmmmm how so?”  She grins at me.
“Well…..because of this.”  I lean over and kiss her.  “You see?  Magic.”
She smiles up at me.  “You’re right, it is magical.”
“It is.  You’re the first girl I’ve ever kissed under this tree so that is why it’s magical.  Now, every time I see this tree, I’ll think of you.”  I kiss her again, this time a little longer and deeper.
She pulls back and says “That is the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me.”
 “Abel?”  She whispered.
“Yes?”  I whisper back.  
“There is a giant dog watching us.”
Oh this can’t be good.  I turn around to see Alistar standing there looking at us.  “Alistar?”
The dog prances over to us wiggling in between her and I.  “This is my friend Pru’s dog.  I have no idea why he is all the way in Piedsville, he is usually at their farm that is about 30 miles from here.” Chrissy and I laugh at his comic relief as we walk back to my house.
“He’s really well trained.  I’ve never had that much luck with a dog.  My cats?  That’s another story, they are real dear hearts.”  Chrissy says as she pets Alistar. 
“I don’t think he’s ever had any formal training.  I’m going to send Pru a text and let her know he’s over here.  Are you up to dog sitting with me?”  I ask.  I’d much rather be making out.  “We’ll pick up where we left off soon.  Deal?”
“You got it.  He’s cute, not as cute as you but close.”  She laughs teasingly. 
I hear Oakley’s truck turning into the neighborhood, now I have to brace myself for Pru.  I still haven’t told her about Chrissy.
Pru is so much better at getting out of Oak’s truck than I am.  I introduce her to Chrissy and interestingly enough she doesn’t seem surprised.  I dip in Oakley’s thoughts and realize he broke the news to her on the ride over.  Switching over to Pru’s thoughts, they are nothing but happy.  “I talked to Allie today via Skype, she seems to like it.  Have you talked to her?”  I ask.  In the distance I hear an unwelcome sound, the sound of an expensive motor.  On cue Arien’s car pulls up to my house.
“Chrissy, if you wouldn’t mind, will you go inside and take Alistar with you?” I open the front door for her but she doesn’t follow me; instead I see her run towards him.
“Hi Arien, I didn’t know you knew my friend Abel.”  She squeals as she runs across the yard practically throwing herself on Arien.
Fan freakin’ tastic.  Just shoot me.  Of course, Arien was at Ta Ta’s that night.  Just what I need, the lean mean vampire machine and the girl I just made out with hugging.  Yuk!
“Hello beautiful.”  Arien pulls Chrissy in for a hug and kisses her on both cheeks in the European style.
I’m going to start carrying a stake with me for moments like this.  I need to talk to General Phelan to learn more about killing these fanged beasts.  There is no way I am giving her a good night kiss after he slobbered all over her.  I start pacing.  
“I’m actually here to give Abel’s parents the itinerary for our flight to Reno, my uncle was kind enough to loan us his pilot and plane.  Prudence, would you like to join us?”  Arien winks at Pru.
“My parents aren’t here, you can give me the information and I’ll make sure they get it.”  I said as flatly as possible.  I start praying that Chrissy would have to go to the bathroom or anything that would take her inside the house.  
“That is so generous Arien, as a matter of fact I’d been thinking about going to Reno to visit, maybe I will go with you.”  Pru says as Oakley steps closer ready to attack at the drop of a pin.
Oakley and I ask in unison.  “You would?”
Of course she would, she is Pru, and she is a glutton for punishment.  I know without listening to her thoughts why she agreed… to protect my parents.  She has never been hotter to me.  I sigh.  Protecting my family even if it is a sacrifice for her. Chrissy takes my hand and I feel a slight vibration, my hand tingles as if it fell asleep and I hear her voice.  In my head.  I turn and look at her quizzically.  Are you kidding me?
“Abel, don’t worry, your secret is safe with me.  I’ll go with Pru and we can both protect your parents.”  Chrissy thought.
What?  Surely I am losing my mind.  Great timing to do so.  I look down at her trying to figure out if I heard her mentally or she said it out loud.
“You’re not imagining it Abel.  Really, it’s okay, I’m one of the good guys, so to speak.  We’ll talk later and no I don’t think your friends realize what I am.  I thought Pru did but I’m pretty sure she doesn’t.  Don’t worry.”  
“Pru you should take Chrissy with you, make a party of it.  We video chatted tonight and I think you girls would have a good time.  I think you should take Shaynie too.”  The words just started falling out of my mouth.  I don’t have any idea why I said that.
Pru looks at me and I hear her thoughts and she wonders if I’d suffered some type of stroke.  “Abel, are you okay?  Your words are a little slurred.”
“I’m serious.”  I blurt out without thinking. 
Arien looks at us, shaking his head back and forth. “Oh goody, that sounds like an estrogen party.  Maybe I’ll bring a couple members of my family too.”  He squints against the setting sun.  “I’ll see you at the airport Sunday.  Chrissy, it was a pleasure seeing you again, you’re as pretty as always.”  He takes her hand kissing it.  “Pru, I look forward to our flight.  Get plenty of rest, we’ll be very busy.  Abel, Oakley, I’ll see you around.”  He gets in his car and burns rubber driving away.
Oakley came over to me, “Would you mind telling me what that was all about?”   I wonder if his eyes are going to bulge out of his head as he stood there giving me the stink eye. 
“No I’m not crazy, I don’t have any idea why I said it, my instincts just took over.”  I brace for the chewing out I am about to suffer.
He pats me on the back.  “I understand.  Good enough.”  He let out a whistle and Alistar came running over to him.
“Good enough?  That’s all you’re going to say?  I’m worried about you.”  I said.
Pru is already climbing into the truck, a strange look on her face, her eyes so gray my heart skips a beat.  She waves bye to Chrissy before closing the door.  She rolls down the window.  “Abel, it’s okay.  We get it.  We’ll talk later.”  She motions for me to get closer, I lean in the window and she whispers, “That is when we say the Alpha has spoken.”
Huh?  I’m not Alpha.  Then it dawned on me, not just any Alpha, the Alpha.  What fun is that?  No one even fights you over your decision.  Interesting.  “I’ll call you later Pru.”
My parents pull in as they pull out of the driveway.
“Why didn’t your friends stay?”  My mom asks as she struggles to get out of the car with the drink caddy dangerously rocking back and forth.
“Oh, they wanted to go out jogging so they left.”  Not really a lie.
We grab our limeades and tell my mom we are going to go for a walk to the park.  All of my thoughts are a mess, but Chrissy communicating with me is the top of the list of mysteries to solve.  
Our walk to the park is quieter; the dogs are either eating or have gone inside, oddly enough it is completely silent.  We sit on the park bench, sipping the limeade and not saying anything.  “How’d you ---” I shake my head trying to find the right words. 
She takes the lid off her limeade, takes the cherry out and eats it, playing with the stem in her mouth.  Nice. “Abel?  Okay, here’s the deal, I know you’re sitting here trying to figure out how I can talk to you with my thoughts, just like I’m doing now.” 
“Yeah, how are you?”  I said.
“No, you need to think your words, we don’t know who might be listening.  You’ll get the hang of it.   Just sit there like we’re enjoying the silence and the park.”
“Interesting.  What are you?” I think to her.  I try really hard to grasp the whole talking with thoughts.  I can hear other people but they aren’t talking to me.  
“Just be open minded, I am.  Well, I am now, but I was skeptical of others until I started meeting them.  Here’s the story, just hear me out.  Okay, here goes, I’m clairvoyant, and no I’m not a witch.  I’m a little like Josie, sensitive to things that go on.  Before you ask, yes I know Josie.  I also possess another trait; I’m an animal telepath, which is how I’m able to speak to you this way.”  
If anyone had told me last summer, that I’d be sitting in the park having a beautiful girl talk to me through thoughts because I’m a werewolf I’d have driven them to the loony bin myself.  “I’m confused.  Why didn’t you say anything to Pru or Oakley?”
“Good question.  I’ve been instructed not to communicate with them by General Phelan.  If I leave anything out, don’t hesitate to ask.  I am on the Council, a position that I inherited from my parents when they died.  You see, my mother was a clairvoyant and my father could speak with animals, he was a healer too.  It sounds all kooky I know, but it is just something that I grew up with and never had to explain it to anyone, it was our secret.  My dad had the ability to fix the soul that was bruised as well as physical illnesses. It worked since the animals could tell him what was making them sick, he was able to place his hands on them and cause healing with a white light.  I loved watching him heal, it was very spiritual.” Her eyes well up with tears that she pats dry with a tissue she pulled from her purse.
I put my hand on her shoulder to console her.  “Wow that is pretty cool.  Your dad could heal, that’s awesome.” 
“Yes, it really was.  Sadly not all animals can be healed, nature has a natural order, if an animal lives a full life and is at the end of their life cycle, he was not to interfere.  My dad left journals for me to read after he died, and I read how he met the General and eventually earned his place on the Council.  A Pack member had been in a terrible fight with a wildcat, Mr. Phelan had gone to a local feed store to get some horse medicine, I’m guessing that is what he figured would help.  My dad was in there picking up supplies and heard his thoughts of stress, so he knew he wasn’t all human, the rest is what I guess they say is history.  I’ve never been able to heal, trust me I’ve tried.  I had a pet parakeet that died and I desperately tried bringing that silly bird back to life to no avail.  Listen, we can talk about all of that later, I just want to touch the basics with you.”
She and I sit out there for the rest of the evening talking; we did use words when we weren’t talking about what she is.  I learn that she can bond with an animal; she tells me about her cat Nosey that is bonded to her; not exactly like imprinting, but similar since they will spend the rest of their lives with each other.  Nothing can break the bond between them once it has been made.  I don’t think that is the same with werewolves.  I heard imprinting can be broken, not easily though.  I tease her about it being a good party trick if she has her cat do tricks by thinking it to him.  She tells me that Nosey would rather lick a dog than perform on demand.  Good point.  
“We won’t be going to Reno after all.”  She looks off into the distance, tilting her head as if to hear better.
“Huh?  How do you know that?”  I crunch on the last of my ice, trying to look nonchalant.
“Clairvoyant, remember?”  She put her hand on my knee and smiles.
I kept thinking to myself that she isn’t just pretty, but she is freakin’ amazing.  “My bad.  What’s going on?  I mean, do you get details and such?”  
“I know a little.  It looks like the future timeline has been set. The way it works for me is this… I can quote un quote see things that have happened and I can see things that will happen.  It is all subjective though.  Alistar just heard from Pru, I guess she was Skyping with Allie telling her she is traveling to Canada to do a scene for the movie, it will be a closed set and she won’t be able to spend time with any of them.  She told her that they are leaving tonight so she’ll call everyone when she gets back.  Oh, and I guess she Skyped with Arien on his phone right before contacting Pru and he is disappointed.  That’s all he told me.”  She stands up dusting off any dirt from her pants.  “I probably should get going.”
“Hold on.”  I pull her close.  “Alistar, how do you know him, I know you saw him earlier, but how are you communicating with him?”
“He is over at Pru’s house, they are about to leave to take him to their farm, first off.  Second, well, we go way back, even before I knew of the Council.  Mr. Phelan and my dad were pretty good friends, they had poker night at our house every Tuesday for the last few years, up until his death of course.  Anyway, he would bring Alistar, giving me a playmate to hang out with.  Trust me, Nosey is not a fan of his either, and Alistar has been nothing but a sweetheart to him.  That is how he ended up over here, he was looking for me to see if I was on the case or not.  Well, I better tell you the rest real quick.  I’ve been working at Ta Ta’s because I-35 and I-40 intersect here by Bricktown.  It’s a good way of smuggling supernaturals across territories. That is a whole other subject, there is big money in supers.  Example; witches buy fairies, humans that have discovered us will pay enormous amounts for people like me that get future predictions.  Spies or what we refer to as jackals are everywhere. We stay on the down-low but it gets difficult if we use our skills inappropriately and humans or jackals find us and sell us. There has been talk of vampires moving to Oklahoma and some want to move to New Mexico. It was bad enough when the vampires moved up to Sioux Falls and went on feeding rampages.  We have wanted to keep them out of Oklahoma and New Mexico so we’ve been stationing people in various areas, knowing that supers have a way of yapping their mouths.  Arien came in a few months ago, I thought he was just passing through, he never led me to believe anything other than that, so I didn’t report it to the Council.  Bad decision on my part, as we could have had a jump on the activity.  Unfortunately me being new and all to the secret society I don’t know everything yet. Everyone on the Council has been very good to me and my learning curve, I say everyone but I know there are few that are apprehensive about my status, as am I.  Arien doesn’t know about me, most supers don’t get a vibe from me, a great advantage for me.  Vampires are incredibly untrustworthy, their motives are self-serving and they have no intentions of helping other supers, yet we do everything in our power to keep their secret from humans.  Back in the 1910s a vamp by the name of Nosferatu wanted to be famous and romanticized in the new picture shows. Everyone thinks the movie was based on Bram Stokers’ book, but it wasn’t.  Nosferatu actually killed all of his ‘children’ and on August 22, 1918 he bit three people Enrico Dieckmann, Albin Grau, and Henrik Galeen.  They wrote the screenplay that ended up being the silent film “Nosferatu” in 1921.  I’m pretty sure that is how it all went, the Council has me study all of the supers so I know what I’m looking for and who has ‘outted’ us so to speak.”  
I scratch my head trying to absorb everything she is telling me.  “I don’t understand something, how could he bite all three of them on Aug 22, 1918 and turn them that fast.  It wasn’t the right time to be the fall equinox.”
“True, but it was a blue moon and that has the same effect as a blood moon.” 
I really hate vampires.  Every single time, I think I may have a grasp on this whole Great Wolf gig, something comes up and makes it sound like a pain in the ass responsibility.  I thought the only things the General had to do is police the rogue wolves, then I find out vampires are real but they lived in Louisiana and out of our territory.  I have psycho wolves in Ireland that want me as a trophy, and then kill me once I shift, oh and let us not forget to guard our dreams or someone may decide to randomly appear and steal my secrets.  I’ve got GPS tracking crap on everything I own so I can’t just run away if I wanted to.  Damn wolves.  Damn folklore.  Damn hot girls, okay maybe that is going too far.
“Tell me, how do you do it?  Have you ever told anyone about your abilities before?”  I hear a few dogs barking for the first time since we sat down.
“To be honest with you, you’re the only person outside of the Council that officially knows, well Alistar too but he is an animal and that doesn’t really count.”
“Okay, but one thing I don’t get, is why would you want to be on an airplane being locked up with a vampire?  That doesn’t really make sense, are you super strong or anything?”
She laughed a little.  “Trust me I’m not strong,” she said out loud.  “Ooops sorry, I can see what will happen when the decision is made.  Vampires are not really spur-of-the moment kind of beings. Nope they make a plan and they stick to it, unless they are being threatened.  I knew that Pru would not go on board and cause any threats, not with your parents around.  I figured that with me going I’d know if he was planning something, I know a few sleeping charms too, if needed.” She takes my hand in hers and smiles that bright, beautiful smile.  
“But you’re not a witch?  Okay, whatever, I don’t even want to know, I’ll just take your word for it.” I laughed nervously (probably looking a little insane to any bystander that happens to be watching us.) “At least we don’t have to worry about it now, he isn’t going and my parents will stay here.”  I take her hand and started writing with my finger in her palm to see if she knew what I was saying.  I wrote:  ‘I’d really like to kiss you.’  
She writes back in my palm.  ‘Me too’  
I lean in and gently kiss her, I put my hand on the back of her head and pull her closer to me.  What I find interesting is…. we aren’t exchanging thoughts, which is probably a good thing. 


Chapter 24. 


PRU

It was dark before we headed out to the farm with Alistar sprawled out in the truck bed. “Today was too much drama for me.  I mean seriously, I’m pretty pissed off that I didn’t have the ability to disagree with Abel.”  I check the rear window to make sure Alistar is okay, the non-paved roads can be pretty bumpy.
“I know!  I was totally thrown off by it.”  Oakley said.
I adjust my seatbelt so I can turn sideways with my left foot up under me so I can face Oakley as he drove.  “I’m thinking he is about to shift.  The whole almost flight with Arien was pretty crazy too.  I wanted to knock Abe out when he suggested Chrissy go with us.  I have no idea what he had in mind.” 
I kept thinking about the rules of wolves, at those that aren’t rogue. As long as a Pack wolf has vowed loyalty to a Pack, they are unable to disregard a direct order, unless there is a challenge.  Abel was neither Alpha nor challenging, so it was clear to us the time had come. Abel was going to shift soon.  My dream diaries had warned me that the summer was when it would happen.  
 “Oak, I have a question for you.  What do you think about not killing Abel?  I mean seriously, why can’t we protect his parents or move them in with us or something.”  I take a sip of my Diet Coke.
Oakley sat quietly before finally saying, “Pru, I’ve always had the utmost faith in your dad and you too.  When all of this came about and we finally located him and made up this grand plan on training him for his soul to be one with his body and how we were going to have him die so his parents could be protected, I thought it was a little harsh.  I do think we can protect them, and the more I get to know them, I think they can handle his destiny.  His mother works with an Indian reservation, look at that alone, you know the Indians believe in weres and I’m sure she has been told the stories.  Josie always told us that our destiny can be rewritten, why can’t this?”
I thought about what he said and he made a valid point, why couldn’t we rewrite it.  We have already made sure he has the spiritual guidance, much more so than many weres when they shift for the first time.  What would have happened if we didn’t find him and he shifted on his own? 
We pulled in the long drive to the house, every light was on but it didn’t keep the lightening bugs from doing their summer dance in the humid air.  I sensed something was off, the vibe was stressed, great… more drama.  Oakley and I turned to each other and said “Oh shit” at the same time.
My dad shuffled us into the man cave to tell us the latest news.  “There was another attack today; it just came through as a late breaking news story.  There was a husband and wife fishing right outside of Norman, just south of here.  Their fifteen year old daughter had just run to the car to get more bait, she returned to see a large wolf attacking them.  The father died trying to get the wolf off of his wife, she is now in the hospital.  I’ve already called the folks down in Dallas, the Alpha is coming up here to help us hunt.  Dolly called the coven leaders and asked them to help us locate the wolf that did this.  I am tired of rogue wolves becoming disloyal to our kind.  Oakley, the IT guys are compiling an e-mail listing of all Pack and rogue wolves in the United States, you are going with us as our photographer.  A mass e-mailing will go out with the pictures attached letting all weres know that we aren’t allowing anymore human deaths.”  
Oakley scratched his head.  “You want me to go out with you and the other Alpha?”
“Yes I do.  I’d take Prudence with us but she needs to stay here with Abel.  I think he will be changing soon and I don’t want him left alone.  We’ll probably be gone for a couple of weeks.  What that means to everyone is this; I’ll still be in charge but Dolly will take care of any issues that don’t need my attention.  I expect everyone will treat her orders as if they are my own.” He stopped and looked around the room, emphasizing his order.  “We’ll be taking the RV and doing some camping to set up some traps.  Our interviewing skills can be very persuasive, I’m sure the rogues that are located will cooperate.  You’ll be documenting the interview via your camera.  The photographs will be e-mailed out, this should ensure cooperation.”  He rubbed his chin and gave a short laugh.  “I’ve got a man out gathering those rogues right now.”  He reached over and patted Alistar on the head and said, “Alistar here will be traveling with us too, his special skills will come in handy.”
Everyone in the room howled, a practice I’d always enjoyed.  Energy flowed through the room as the meeting adjourned.  All of us gathered outside to wrestle and jump around like lunatics, another one of those endearing traits of wolves.
The windows open, the humidity down, and stereo full blast equals one happy gal.  Except for one little problem… Oakley’s not so secret obsession with 80’s rap songs.  I caught him practicing the moonwalk one time.  Honestly, after a day like today, some fun rap songs are okay with me.  Five Minutes of Funk was blaring, peddle to the metal and wind whipping through the cab of the truck.
 We arrived home just as Shaynie and Bryon pulled up in my mom’s BMW.  Bryon is such a nice guy, I still couldn’t see what he saw in her… probably just a pair of boobs.  I mentally prayed they would go inside so I could have some alone time with Oakley.  No such luck.
Bryon walked over to meet us at the truck, I guess my alone time was dwindling away.  “Hey Oak, I just got a call from the boss, he told me you’ll be leaving in a couple of days.  I just wanted to tell you man that I’ll keep an eye on everything.  Abel is fine and I think between Shaynie and Pru we’ll be able to keep him protected.”  They did some secret man handshake that I didn’t get, at all.
“Thanks man, I appreciate that.”  Oakley leaned him in for the one arm man hug.
“Okay, all the male bonding needs to come to an end, Oak and I have some talkin’ to do.”  I hooked my arm through Oakley’s and slightly tugged him towards the house. I inhaled deeply smelling his essence…. And oh how I loved his essence.  I reminded him that my mom was staying at the farm to spend some sexy time with my dad.  
“You did not just say your parents are going to have sexy time.”  His hand smacked my butt.
“Yes!  Just because they’re old, doesn’t mean they don’t do the deed.  Okay, okay I can’t talk about it anymore.”  I shook my head trying to shake the images out of my mind.  “Food!  We must eat.  I think there is some kind of casserole and an apple pie.”  
We raced to the kitchen.  It was really nice, just the two of us in the house eating and cleaning up, just like regular people.  Regular people that just so happen to turn into wolves, and one that dabbles in witchcraft. We lounged out in the family room watching Love at First Bite on vampire TV.
“Are you worried about your hunt with my dad?”  I snuggled up to his chest feeling him flex just a little under my head.  “I mean, you know the big mystery of everything that is going on.”
“Actually, I’m not.  I am worried about you here with that damned Arien lurking about.” He kissed the top of my head.  Melting, ah my heart pitter pattered just a little.
“True.  Everything will go fine though, I just know it.” 
We both rolled onto our side facing each other.  His hand stroking my hair, I could see his eyes were slightly closed, and his breath deepen. His hand started going down my side until he rested it in the small of my back looking lost in another world.  Licking his lips he asked if we could go into my bedroom.  My heart felt all fluttery and my tingly body came alive.  The way he was looking at me was making me feel like there was nothing else in the world, just us.
It felt like a mile from the family room to my bedroom, but one I was gladly walking.  He sat down on the chaise; I stood in front of him looking down.  His hands pulled me close, he lifted my shirt and kissed my belly button, heat instantly shot through me.  I pulled away from him, deciding to give him a little show.  “Sit back, and relax.”  I whispered as provocatively as I could.  I saunter across the room (I’ve never sauntered before) lighting some candles for ambience.  I flip my IPod to my jazz playlist, my body swaying to the beat.  My hands rubbing up and down my shirt having it ‘accidently’ rise up and down, finally pulling it over my head.  His eyes wolf-like, hungry with passion… a desire for his prey.  I know that look.  I’ve seen it when we hunt and now I’m the hunted.  I moved my hips while slowly pulling off my jeans.  I stood in front of him in my new black lace panties and matching bra that wasn’t so secret.  I danced for him a few more minutes, enjoying the way he watched me.   My body tingled, I inhale deeply absorbing the scent of him.  I walked over, taking his hand to stand up with me; I slowly unbuttoned his shirt, exposing his magnificent chest. In that moment everything was clear to me, Oakley and I together, just as it is meant to be. 
 My father was right, my soul belonged to Oakley and his soul belonged to me.  We stood there and kissed, his head bending to kiss my neck, slowly running his finger around the edges of my bra, giving me shivers.  He whispered to me, “Pru, you look beautiful.”  We backed up to my bed and he pulled me down on top of him.  We kissed, our hands exploring and feelings exploding inside of me.  I’d never felt what it was like to love a man, I was pretty sure, I was experiencing it now. He was so attentive and considerate, we lay side by side.  As he gazed into my eyes telling me he couldn’t wait until we can be a public couple.  I close my eyes silently agreeing.   I could feel my eyes stinging with tears; I held them back as I should.  Finally the beauty of our bodies coming together as one.  He was my heaven. 
I tried a half a dozen times to tell him how I felt, I just couldn’t.  Someday soon, it will be right, I can feel it.
 A good long run was what we needed.  I saw the woods in a different light, it was home, it was exquisite, it was the place that I fell for Oakley.
Sleep came on fast that night, he never left my side holding me tight against him.  My brain relaxing; I was almost asleep when I heard my name.  I opened my eyes and looked around, I was alone inside Allie’s apartment.  Great, I was asleep but I was with him.  “Arien?”
“Love!  I was hoping you’d sleep soon, I was getting thirsty.”  Arien said to me as he walked across the room to stand directly in front of me.  He took my hand and I pulled it away.  “Love, what’s wrong?  You’re so distant tonight.”
“Really?  Why in the hell are you harassing me?  I don’t understand your obsession with me.”  I fumed.
“Tsk tsk.”  He shook his head back and forth.  “Princess, I love our time together, I’m starting to wonder what wolf tastes like.  Can I have a little nibble love?”
I took a deep breath trying to remind my subconscious that I was in control of my dream.  “Arien, what do you want.”
“You’re just no fun sometimes. What do I want…. Hmmm, good question Princess.  I’d like to run my tongue across this vein right here.”  He took his index finger tracing a line on my neck.  “I’d like to know if you like it doggie style.”  He smirked to himself.
I went to punch him but he grabbed my fist in mid air.  Oh I am going to learn how to make objects appear in my dreams and stake his ass right after I ram it through his heart.
“Love, you’re being so moody tonight.  I’m just having a little fun.”  He let go of my hand and put his arms around me as I went stiff trying to make it as difficult as I could but he over powered me.  “Can I have a little kiss?”  He whispered.
“No!  Ohmigod, I am so going to kill you one day, I promise you that.”  I felt as if my anger was going to make me explode.
His mouth closed on mine.  No matter how hard I tried not to, my mouth responded to him, causing all of the same tingly sensations that I get from Oakley. Fangtastic, vampires turn me on.  He must have power to manipulate weres, I was going to find the remedy.  I tried to control myself, but felt my will succumbing to his.  I tried to keep my body as rigid as possible but his hands in my hair and those lips and his obvious desire, I was in way over my head.  I looked down and I was wearing the million dollar bra from Victoria’s Secret and some string up my butt.  He was manipulating my dream, not just by being in it but he controlled me too.  I had to learn how to overpower him.  I missed Josie.
“You look exquisite Prudence, simply exquisite.  Shall we dance?  I’d love to feel the way you move.”  He snapped his finger and some romantic love song came on.  “Oh, I love this song.”  He proclaimed.
Of course he does.  “Leave me alone, I’m sleeping.”  I demanded.
“No can do love.  You give me the Great Wolf, I give you Allie and your dreams back.  Until you do that, I will continue to visit you.  I will continue to dress you and undress you.  I know you’ll like that part.”  He pulled me to him again and kissed me.  I struggled as long as I could but it was so damn tempting.  
I’m going to wolf hell, I know it.  I’m the only were in the world that has some hot guy in her bed and dreaming about and making out with the enemy.  I need a priest.
I sat up gasping, Oakley sitting up with me.  How was I going to explain this dream?  He’ll be too worried about me to go with my dad if I tell him, so I opted to lie.  Hell was getting closer and closer to having a cell made just for me.
“It was nothing.  Go back to sleep.”  I guided him to lie down.
He flipped on the light.  “What’s wrong P?  Was he in your dream again?”
I stroked the side of his face, “No, nothing like that.  It was just me dreaming about a run and my prey had turned on me.  Go back to sleep, I’m going to journal for a few minutes.”  I kissed him despite his beginning signs of morning breath.  I guess he isn’t perfect after all.
He closed his eyes, and I heard him say, “I love you P.”
No sooner had he said it, he was snoring.  Of course, that is my luck, but he said it!  He does love me.  I could barely contain my excitement, my brain was too revved up to write.  I needed a bunny to chase.  I slipped out from under his arm, turned out the light and tip toed outside.
 “Going somewhere?”  Shaynie said.
For the love of, oh whatever. I threw my hands up in the air. I’m never going to escape her.  “I’m going out for a run.” I was determined not to invite her along.
“Oh great, I was too.  I guess we’ll go together, your dad would prefer that anyway.”  She tossed her hair acting smug.  “So I’m guessing you and Oakley are exclusive huh?  I came home and heard you.  Don’t worry, your secret is safe with me.  I guess you’ll owe me one.”  
OHMIGOD I was going to tear her tail off.  Owe her one?!  No way, no how.  What an evil little manipulative bitch she was turning out to be.  “Don’t worry about Oakley and me.  If you want to run, I guess you better shift.”
I knew it took her longer to shift than it did me, something I like to take advantage of.  Thankfully clothes wouldn’t be an issue for me and my t-shirt.  I ripped it off over my head and shifted.  I could hear her grunting and panting as she shifted.  It was becoming clear she hadn’t been doing this long.  How exactly did she become a wolf I wondered?  Was she one of those bitten wolves?  Interesting…. I was defiantly checking out her lineage.  
Despite her ability to tick me off, we ran together.  I cleared my head and only thought about finding a bunny to chase just in case she was tuned into my thoughts.  One of those horrible abilities wolves do.  She wasn’t technically a part of us but she was a guest and we could communicate with our own and sometimes guests.
“Shaynie?” I thought.
‘What can I do for you?”  Her tone sarcastic as usual, (at least when she talked to me).
“Just checking to see if you were tuned in.  There is a bunny hidey hole near the pond, follow me and I’ll show you.  I don’t eat him and he doesn’t eat our garden so that means I don’t want you to hurt him.”  I knew it, she could hear me.  Dammit.  I blocked out everything but the bunny.
“Really?  You have an agreement with a bunny?  Wow, you are slightly interesting Pru.”
“You’re right, I am.  Slightly.”  I was meditating later, no way around it.
My nerves were frayed, Shaynie and Arien had driven me halfway mad and now the hunting expedition was taking Oakley away.  I’d sent Abel a text about four in the morning to meet us for breakfast at Waffle Corner.  He still didn’t know about the meeting last night, just another one of those details to go over with him. 


Chapter 25. 


I really missed Josie, she hadn’t responded to any of my messages and she hadn’t tried to dream walk like she said she would.  I was starting to get worried, maybe she had heard that Oakley and I had gotten closer or maybe whatever Arien was doing was keeping her from getting in.  That had to be it.  Oh, I’m going to design a stake for him, the most insufferable man or vampire on earth.
After the guys left on their hunting trip, Abel and I practiced the different techniques from his sense of smell to his hearing abilities.  We had secluded ourselves away from Shaynie and Bryon just trying to get back to basics of his human life mixed with his wolf life.  Abel’s physical characteristics had changed from the first day that I met him at that FBLA meeting.  I remember that scrawny kid, the one with the messy hair and awkward gait, now he was sculpted with rock solid abs, more defined features and a personality that was made up of humor and wisdom.  There was a small part of me that missed that kid, the one with the crush on me, the one that held onto my every command. Not now, he was becoming a man and our relationship was changing from mentor to equals.
Abel and Bryon were crashed out in the family room after watching episodes of Family Guy so I took the opportunity to try something I had never tried with Abel… I was going to attempt entering his dream.  Even though the guys were cutting logs with their freakishly loud snoring I tip toed into my room so I could get into a relaxed state of mind.
One two three four, four three two one, one two three four, four three two one, one two three four… over and over until I had erased all of my stresses and could concentrate only on our connection.  Abel was easy to detect in the house, our proximity was going to help the dream walking for our first time.  
“Abel?”  I tapped him lightly on the shoulder trying desperately not to freak him out.  I looked around to see where we were and realized we were inside of the school cafeteria.  Leave it to a guy to dream about the cafeteria.  He was sitting at a table alone eating chicken nuggets and ketchup.  
“Hey Pru, whats crackin’?”  He popped a doused nugget in his mouth.  “shwit down,” he said with a mouthful of nugget.  He motioned for me to sit across from him, it was obvious he enjoyed his food.
“You eat in your dreams?  That’s killing me!  How funny.”  I reached over and try to snag a nugget from him, but he playfully batted my hand away.  “Oh no you don’t mister, give me one of those.”  I diverted his eyes with one hand and snatched with the other.  “Too slow, Joe!”
“Is this a real dream or are you in my dream?”  He asked between slurps of his coke.
“You sure don’t have any manners in your dreams, you’re like an animal over there shoving food in your pie hole.  As a matter of fact, you are dreaming, and yes, I’m in it via walk.  All joking aside, I really need you to remember the feeling okay?  You should be feeling just a little bit different, like you can sense my true self or what we call our essence.  We as wolves have the ability to mentally memorize that in our memory filing cabinet.”  I leaned forward and whispered, “I don’t know if I’ve said this before or not, but for what it’s worth, I’m proud of you.”  I leaned in a little further and kissed him on the cheek. “You’re kind of quiet, are you okay?”
“I am, but I don’t think we’re alone.”  He was looking around the cafeteria like he could hear someone.
“I gotta go.  Wake up!  Now!”  I tried snapping him out of it to no avail.  I sat up and ran into the other room to see he was still asleep.  I shook him until he finally woke up.  Damn, I hope it wasn’t Arien.
“Pru?  Something’s wrong.”  Abel said with a stricken look on his face.
“What do you mean?  What’s wrong Abe?”  I knew the answer before he said it.
“We have to get to the farm, right now!  Get your mom, Bryon, and Shaynie and take them to the farm.  I’ll be there soon, I have to stop and get something.  Hurry, you have to leave now!” He was worried but his words were composed.
I felt the strain.  My heart was pounding and I could feel my internal temperature rising, the tell that my body wanted to shift.  I had the control to keep it from randomly happening, but I knew that we were in danger.  I’d never felt such enormous amounts of pressure in my chest before.  Without saying a word, we all met outside, Bryon taking my car and Shaynie while I rode with my mom.  I could feel the chaos, my temperature was so high, I was sweating, I was so hot.  “Mom, I don’t know if I can make it.  I think I need to shift.”
“Pru, hold on, you can’t do that honey.  You have to stay focused.  Just find that quiet place, the one in your mind, just count like we’ve practiced.  Keep it together just a little longer.”  Tears were streaming down my mother’s face.  
I’d never seen my mother cry before.  “Mama, don’t cry, please don’t cry.”  I felt like a little girl again, it was breaking my heart to see her in pain.
“Don’t worry Prudence, you don’t have to worry about me baby.  Just breath, steady breaths.  One two three four.  Just like we’ve done.  Imagine the sanctity of our circles, just focus.  Please focus.”  
I wasn’t sure if her orders were for me or if she was reminding herself.  She didn’t usually speed but not today, she was peddle to the metal.  “It’s dad, he’s hurt isn’t he?  I can feel it, that is why we didn’t even have to tell Bryon, because he could feel it too.  How far did they go?  Are they even in Oklahoma?”  My mind was racing, was Oakley hurt?  I tried feeling him but I couldn’t.  I wasn’t sure if that was a good thing or bad.  “You don’t think he’s dead do you?”  I felt the tears stinging my eyes.
“Yes, no I mean yes it’s your dad but I don’t think he’s dead.  He is weak, very weak.  I think they were just over the Arkansas state line, that’s where he was the last text I received from him.  Check my phone, see if I have any messages.”  She pulled her purse out of the back seat and dropped it on my lap.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

ABEL

Everything is happening so fast, at first I didn’t know if I was still asleep but then I felt it.  I felt the General’s pain, it ripped through me as if I had been injured too.  On my way to pick up Chrissy I pull up my shirt to see if I have a wound, there are two red whelps, one on my chest and one on my stomach.  I touch the spot with my finger and feel the heat of the wound.  Oh this can’t be good.  I think to myself.
Chrissy is sitting on her porch waiting for me.  I have her check my phone for any messages, there is one.
“Be prepared.”
“Who is it from?”  I say slightly louder than I meant too.
“Oakley.  It’s from Oakley.  Do you want me to reply?”  
“Ask him how far away are they.  I know they’re on their way to the farm but I need to know how much time.  What doctor do we call?  Oh never mind that, I’m sure Dolly has that information.  Crap, I don’t know, just find out how far away.  I’m so hot, is it hot in here.  I’ve gotta crank the air, I’m sorry.  It’s so hot though, I can hardly breath.”  As I said it, I knew.  Double crapola.  Oh no, he is dying, I am being forced into shifting.  I didn’t want Chrissy to know so I quit complaining about how hot I am.  She’d have to be dumb not to see the sweat dripping off of me.
“Abel?  Are you okay?  You look really flushed.”  Chrissy touched me, her head went back and she had a lost look on her face.  “Abel, this isn’t going to go well.”  She dropped her head a little.  “I’m glad I can give you moral support.  I’m so sorry.”  She says, struggling to keep her face composed.
“He isn’t dead yet.  Has Oakley said how far?  Oh, come on, please don’t die.  Pru, oh man, call her and find out if they’ve made it out there yet.”  I ask, shaking with frustration, wishing we could just get there already.
Oakley sent us a text about an hour later saying they were two hours away.  The satellite on the RV wasn’t picking up a signal per his text message so I’m not sure if they were really just an hour out or if he sent a brand new message just now.  Either way it is time to get a doctor to the house.  We called out to the farm and find out Dolly put the farm on lockdown; no one is allowed to leave for any reason.  The perimeter is completely guarded and alert just in case any supernaturals are lurking around.  I check with Shaynie to see if she can sense anything from her Alpha, she says she can’t.  I know Pru isn’t crazy about her but she has always been nice to me.  Sure she is slightly moody at times, and apparently has baggage which I’m starting to wonder who doesn’t.
Dolly is on the porch when we arrive, I take her aside to tell her about Chrissy but she already knew from picking up the General from poker night.  She tells everyone that she is my girlfriend and as their future boss my friends are to be welcome and respected.  I can tell it is a little awkward for the guys since they are worried about exposing the secret, I decide we should just hang out in Pru’s room.  
I put my arms around Chrissy and ask. “So, what do you think is going to happen?”  
She wraps her arms around my waist, resting her head against my chest she whispers.  “Pray for the best but expect the worst.  I’m sorry to say.”
I kiss the top of her head, her hair smells like shampoo.  “Yeah, my gut is telling me this is going to get ugly.  If you’ll be okay in here, I’m going to go out there for a few minutes and find out if they’ve heard anything new.  You okay?”
“Of course.  Go.”  She pulls away and goes to sit on the bed.


“Oakley just called, they are about ten minutes away.  Everyone, listen to me and listen to me good.  You have to give us room to work.  We’re going to take him into the family room, we have privacy in there from ears, if you know what I mean.”  Dolly gave her best stink eye to everyone.  “We have enough hands with Abel, Pru, and myself so all of you stay back.  The doctor is setting everything up so stay out; he is trying to make it as sterile as it can be.  We do not know the extent of his injury, only that it is life threatening.”  Dolly slightly choked on the words. “I want Bryon to be outside of the door to be our runner if needed.  I want everyone else to stay calm.  If you can’t handle it, go outside for some air.  Absolutely no running.  Do I make myself clear?”
“Clear.”  Everyone said together.
The RV pulled in the drive, Pru and I grab the yellow back board and run out to the RV.  Parker and Oakley help us carry him in.  I can hear everyone whispering about Parker being on the RV, I never even thought about him being around, I’d forgot no one knew he is helping.  It is obvious what the injury is… we put him on his left side as two arrows are protruding through him, one in his chest the other his abdomen.  The sticky metallic blood is everywhere, I feel my stomach lurch a little, don’t throw up is all I can think.
Setting him down gently or as gently as possible on the make-shift operating table (the pool table with a plastic tarp).  Barely conscience General Phelan reaches out to me, I bend over to hear him better, his words coming in short gasps.  “Bless you Abel Casey.  Be strong, live well.”  
“Hold on, just hold on.  You can’t leave us, Dolly needs you, Pru needs you. We all do.”  I frantically said to him, beads of sweat dripping off of me.  “It’s okay, the doctor is here, he will help, just hold on.”  I look up to see the grim look on the doctor’s face.  I can barely see through the tears that are welling up in my eyes.  I turn my head so no one sees.
Dolly and Pru moved in closer and I step back to give them room.  They are doing their best to keep it together for him and for each other.  Dolly is frantically telling him how much she loves him and how she is so thankful for all the time they have had together.  She tells him he is a great leader and roll model and no one can be more proud than her that he spent his life with her.  I close my eyes, listening to her, my heart feels tight my throat feels like it is closing off.  I put my hand to my face, pinching the bridge of my nose. Pru’s voice, I hear her pleading with her father not to die, not to leave her not to go.  She tells him he is the best father and leader, and how proud she is to have had him in her life.  She promises to take care of her mom and to watch over the Pack.  She promises that one day I’ll be the Great Wolf and it is all because he believed in her and her gift.  Her words are almost inaudible through her sobs.  I turn my head as my own sob is stuck in my throat.
General Phelan reached for Dolly’s hand, pulling her closer and telling her he loves her.  It was at that moment he took his final breath.
I hear Dolly let go of the sob she had been holding, first a small whimper and finally she cries.  My soul ripping at the seams hearing her and Pru.  I see Oakley run into the room, putting his arms around Pru and I see her melt into him, barely standing, being supported by him.  I see his tear streaked face.  Is this all I can do?  Is this really all I can do?  Watch my friends hurt, lose their husband, their father, their mentor.  What good is a Great Wolf if this is all I can do, stand there and watch the pain. 
I run out of the room and into Pru’s room grabbing Chrissy to follow me.  “Chrissy, just try, please just try.”  I beg.
She shakes her head no, “Abel, I can’t.  I don’t have that ability sweetie.”  She says gently.
“Yes you can!  Just do it!  Try, you have to try!  Please, just try!”  I beg.  She takes my hand and we run into the room, the charms not stopping her causes everyone to take notice.
Chrissy leans over the table and places her hands on him.  “Oakley, will you take the arrows out.  I can’t do it with them in him.”  She cries for him as they are pulled from his lifeless body.  Everyone in the room watches, anticipation filling them, just a moment of fleeting hope.
“What is she doing Abel?  Why is she even in here?”  Pru demands, her pain raw on her face and in her words.
“Her father could heal people, she has never healed anything but it is worth trying.  It won’t hurt.”  I turned to Chrissy.  “Please, for me.”
We all take a deep breath in as she lays her hands on his lifeless body, for a brief moment I see a flicker of light illuminate around her, I realize it is her aura.  Her hands shaking as they hover over his wounds.  Her aura brightens and suddenly the light shone from her hands.  Her concentration immense as she chants a prayer.  It seems to go for hours, but I know it is only minutes when she turns to me and says, “I’m sorry, really I am.  I cannot interfere with nature, his life cycle has ceased.  Please forgive me.”  She burst into sobs and runs from the room.
I run to catch up with her, pulling her in closer.  “Shh, it’s okay, you were wonderful in there.  I’ve never seen anything so beautiful.”  I wipe her hair from her face, her mascara running over her cheeks, I tilt her chin up to look at me. “Chrissy, you were incredible.”  I hug her and I hear Pru’s sobs coming from the house.  “Chrissy, I’m sorry, I need to go in there for a little while.  Thank you so much, really, you’re amazing.”  I didn’t wait for her to answer before I run back into the house.
I can see Pru and Dolly each with one of the General’s hands and crying. My heart ached for them.  Parker and Oakley take me aside and tell me that the arrows had to have been poisoned, the silver alone would have wounded him but the poison made it lethal.  Whoever did this, knew what they were doing.  In case they thought one arrow failed, they shot two. 
As a tribute to the fallen, everyone heads outside to pay homage to the wolf in us.  The bellowing howls began with Dolly, followed by Pru, and went down the line until everyone is howling, their pain heard in their tone.  
Dolly nudged me to howl, I always feel kinda silly, not this time, I can feel the wolf in me. I throw back my head and I howl the loudest and the longest. 

Chapter 26. 


The next couple of days are a blur.  I don’t know what I was thinking, I guess I thought the funeral would take place at the farm but it wasn’t.  A funeral home came to pick up the body to prepare it for burial.  I read in the paper the next day that he died in a hunting accident, charges would not be filed as it was an accident (per the district attorney).  Dolly sent an e-mail to the other Packs that an accident has happened and she will be the Alpha for the time being.
My mom made five trays of lasagna to take out to Dolly.  I try talking her out of making the drive all the way to their house but she is a stubborn woman and insists to pay respect in person.  A sigh of relief when I realize that humans will be around too, he was a big part of the community, of course they’ll want to come over.  When we get to the house there are cars lined up and down the drive, at least fifteen all with out of state plates. 
The family knew that non weres will be visiting so everyone is on ‘human’ behavior orders.  I’d never been around when they weren’t allowed to be themselves, it seems very subdued.  I notice a table cloth draped over the poker table; it is white with green and gold Celtic knot stitching around the borders. On the table is a bottle from his prized collection of 25 year old Chivas Regal and plastic shot glasses.  I watch as a man I don’t know approaches the table, pouring himself a shot and said, ‘Here’s to you old friend.  Rest in peace.”  
My mom and Dolly talked for the next hour while I sat with Pru and a few local farmers that does business with the family.  Pru dressed in black from head to toe, her beautiful eyes swollen with dark circles.  Her usual tough demeanor hidden behind the sadness, her tears coming and going in waves.  Oakley sitting at her side comforting her the best he can.  The air starts feeling really thick to me, I’m so hot.  I look around to see if anyone else is fanning themselves, everyone looks comfortable.  I grab a bottle of water and go outside to get some air.
A few minutes later Parker came over and takes the seat next to me.  “This must be hard on you,” he said, to me.
I slap at a mosquito that tries to take a drink out of my arm. “No harder than it is on everyone else.  Tell me something, what happened out there?  Did you find a rogue that was in with vamps?”  I ask.
“We never saw anyone.  The guys that he had me pick up before we left, none of them were involved, trust me… they would have talked after the persuasion tactics we did.”  He shook his head back and forth, hanging it low. “I don’t know, I really don’t.  I need you to be quiet about that meeting, it is just between us.  Everyone will know that I’ve been helping the Pack by looking for evidence but they can’t know that we met with you.  His involvement with the you know what, can’t be divulged.”
I nodded in agreement.  I am still hot but the wind is helping me catch my breath.
“I know you think I was hard on you, but I had to be certain of you.  I had to know you could handle it.”  He finishes off the beer he has in his hand.
“Well?  What do you think?”  I ask him.
“You did good kid.  You did good.  I’ll catch you on the flip side.  I can’t handle all of this sadness, I’ve got to get outta here.  I’ll see you soon.”  Parker stood up and dusts off his pants.  “You know where to find me.”
I watched as he walked out to his car and left.
The weeks following the funeral go by quickly.  Allie is coming home for a visit, she is staying with us since she is only coming in for the weekend.  I wonder about her relationship with Arien, and pray it is finally over.  Pru was edgy, she was all business, nothing more, nothing less.  Oakley and I talked every day; he told me she was having night terrors that were keeping her from sleeping.  He told me to just be cool with her and she’ll get through this eventually.  I hoped so, she was a little bitchy.
My hot flashes, as I commonly refer to them, are happening more often.  I don’t tell Pru in fear she will bite my head off for not telling her sooner.  My fear for my family is tenfold after watching the Phelan Pack mourn. Call me selfish, but I want to keep my family.


Thursday July 1st, I drive out to Will Roger’s airport to pick Allie up for her weekend visit.  When I first see her, I am taken aback by her appearance.  She was in Reno during summer time and to me she looks paler.  Instead of the freckles that pepper her face, her skin is all the same color.  She has on great big black sunglasses that cover half her face, a giant brimmed hat, a long sleeved shirt and long pants.  If I didn’t know better, I’d say she grew a couple of inches.  I expect her to start sneezing when she gets near me but she doesn’t.  When we skyped I didn’t notice the differences, I guess because she had the drapes closed in her hotel room to keep the glare off of her computer.  It doesn’t matter, I am just glad to see her.
“How much did you pack?  You’re only here until Monday, damn.”  I carry her ginormous suitcase out to my car.  “Mom made all of your favorites for dinner, I hope you brought your appetite.”
“You smell intriguing.  What cologne do you have on?”  She said to me.
“Huh?  I don’t have any cologne on, just me.”
“Just me is working for you bro, it’s sorta woodsy smelling. I’m hoping to spend the fourth with you and Pru, I haven’t talked with her since her dad died.  How is she doing?  Are we going to stop by and see her?”
“Yeah, about that.  I don’t think so, she has been a little moody lately.  Not that I blame her, I can’t imagine how I’d feel if something happened to dad.  Mom has dinner ready anyway.”
Our drive home starts just fine, at least the first minute or so went fine, after that?  Downhill.  My super bitchy sister decided to be just that… bitchy.  Oh the joys of women.
Pulling down the sun visor she starts applying lip stuff, after smacking her lips together and flipping the visor up she said, “You wanna know what I think?  I think you’re pathetic. You have it so bad for that bitch and she’ll never give you the time of day.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?  I’m pathetic?  You can be such an ass.”  I feel my teeth clench as I say the words.
“You are.  I mean seriously, she doesn’t want you, she wants that loser Oakman or whatever his name is.  I’d say you could do better, but probably not,” she said flatly.
Her words are pissing me off, I grip the steering wheel with both hands so I won’t reach over and strangle her scrawny neck.  “Wow!  I can see where I stand in your book.  What in the hell is wrong with you?  What did I do to you to deserve this tirade of super jackass sister?”
One thing is for certain, she is going for the jugular.  I don’t even bother telling her about Chrissy, because I know I will drop her off on the side of the road if she said anything bad about her.  The rest of the ride home consisted of verbal slams by both of us until we spent the last few minutes in silence.
I storm in the house telling my mom she can deal with Allie, and I am done with her.  I have no intentions of spending time with her for this visit.  She can kiss my ass.  Talk about diva, you would think she was a big movie star.  Please.
Our nice family dinner is eerily silent.  Allie came in and bitched at our mom for making such starchy foods and there were too many calories in pie, she won’t eat it.  She complained that there isn’t any herbal tea for her to drink to keep her vocal chords moist.  She tells our dad his pants make him look like he had no ass, and he should consider a diet regime since he eats all of the starchy foods.  She points her finger at Bryon wanting to know why his ass is sleeping in her bed and why in the hell is he still at the house when school is out for summer.  
I hear my mother slamming dishes in the dishwasher, and my dad pouring himself a couple of shots.   Bryon keeps making buggy eyes at me trying to figure out when Satan took over my sister.  I try taking her outside and having a talk with her, needless to say it doesn’t go very well.  She rants and raves at me that I think I am something special because I have a fancy car and a couple of muscles.  My ability to restrain myself from beating her is impressive.  Knowing that vampire venom is making her a raging bitch, I decide that I’d refrain from beating the living daylights out of her.
“Allie, why are you being so irrational?  I mean seriously, you’re acting like you’ve lost your mind.  Where is all of this hostility coming from?”  
“Did you just call me hostile?  Really?  You’re a piece of work Abe, and not a good piece either.”  She stomps her foot in a bratty tantrum.
“Stop being so aggressive you evil bitch!  I can’t believe you actually stomped your foot, how immature is that.”  I pull my keys out of my pocket and leaned in the house telling Bryon I am going out for a drive, if he wants to go with me to come on out.
“Do not ever, I mean EVER call me immature again.”  She grabs me and pushes me up against the front door.  Her strength is beyond strong, it is supernaturally strong.  Oh no.
After I pry her hands off of me, Bryon and I leave for the night.
“Dude, I don’t know what is going on, but your sister is acting slightly off.  Is she touched?”  Bryon finally asked as we were cruising down the highway.
“You can call her that I guess.  I don’t know, I’m thinking her hanging out with the Hollywood types has made a big impact on her.”  Who am I kidding, she is acting like a whack job.
“Mmmm, okay.  We’ll go with that.  Are you going to tell Pru?”  Bryon starts poking at different stations.
I brush his hand away and flip the channel back to the previous one. “Hey, I like that song.  About telling Pru….good question.  I’m not going to lie, she isn’t acting much better herself.  Maybe the planets aren’t lined up right.”   We laugh for a few minutes doing our best impersonation of them.  It feels nice to just laugh.  


Chapter 27.  


PRU

I felt like a walking zombie the first days after my dad’s death.  Oakley was by my side, offering help and the monumental shoulder to cry on.   I told him I understood about him not being able to tell me about Parker, it wasn’t like he knew until they left on the trip anyway.  I never thought in a million years they would come back so soon and I never thought my father would die at the hands of another wolf.  It hadn’t been proven who had done it but we were sure it had something to do with the people that had been mauled.  Parker was planning on leaving July 8th, he was determined to find the murderer and bring him to justice.  Oakley stammered around when I’d ask him if he was planning on going, he denied it but I could tell he wanted to go.  I know everyone meant well, but I was tired of all the questions.  If I knew the damn answers I sure the hell wouldn’t be sitting here in the death house waiting for the world to stop revolving.  
White French doors led to the back patio, a place I would sit in silence thinking for hours since my dad died.  I’d been thinking about Chrissy and how it seemed like she would be a person I could be friends with.  Obviously she grew up in a family that kept secrets from outsiders and she clearly cares for Abel.  My mom told me how important her family was to my dad and how incredibly talented both her parents were.  We’ve decided we’ll try to help her develop some of her abilities and maybe one day she will be able to heal with her touch. Shaynie has been so damned nice to me that I might hit her just to shut her up.  She caused me so much increased anxiety that I added two more runs to my daily routine.  Maybe I have a violence problem.  No, my problem is my broken heart and too many unanswered questions. I promised my mom I’d try to play nice but I’ve never been known to play well with others.  
I wiped the sweat from my glass that had dripped onto the patio table.  The thickness of the humidity and how the smell of the honeysuckle lingered in the air reminded me so much of that first night that my father died and falling asleep in my parents’ bed.  It had to have been close to dawn, I’d finally meditated into a relaxed state….. breathing in and out, I open my eyes and I’m outside.
No longer in my parents’ bed, instead I was at the creek in our backyard, skipping stones watching the moon reflection on the water.  I hear his voice, sweetly and seductive, a hand is now on my shoulder.  I turn around to face him instantly irascible.
“Hello Love,” he said softly.
“What the hell are you doing here?  Are you crazy?  Of course you’re crazy! You order a hit on my father and then you come and try to manipulate me.  Go away!”  I yelled as loud as I could.
“Love, you’re being dramatic.”  He picked up a rock and tossed it in the pond making it skip causing the water to ripple making the moon reflection shimmer.
“Dramatic?  I’m being dramatic?  Up yours vampire.  My father is dead, as in never coming back, and you have the balls to stand there saying I’m being dramatic.  Fuck you!”  I turned around and beat on his hard as rock chest with every ounce of energy I had.
“There, there Love, I’m so sorry about your father.”  He wrapped his arms around me restraining my arms in his hug.  
“You better let go of me or so help me I’ll shift and rip your throat out.”  I struggled against him, but couldn’t break free.
“Prudence, you need to stop.  I’m trying to offer my condolences and you’re acting like a spoiled little girl,” he said condescendingly.  “I’ve told you before how to get rid of me, give me the goods and I’ll be gone.”  He continued to hold me and started rocking from foot to foot swaying back and forth and he started humming “You are my sunshine.”
I tried and tried to wake up; no matter what I did I stayed asleep.  “Arien, why did you do it?”  I whispered, dropping my head in defeat.
“Ah, finally you lowered your voice.  Me humming my special song for you helped calm my little love.  Why did I do what?”  His voice is ridiculously sweet.
“Dammit to hell Arien, why did you have my father killed?  Who are the wolves that did it?”  I pleaded over and over until my tears freely flowed.
He shrugs and still holds me up against him.  “Oh that.  That had nothing to do with me, not really my style love.  I do my own dirty work.”  
“Would you stop the rocking, I’m getting sea sick.  If you didn’t have him killed, who did?”  I stomped on his foot hoping he would let go of me, but he continued his patronizing dance.  “Come on Arien, who did it.”  I whined.
“Your father had his own enemies love, I’m sorry you’re being very narrow minded about this.  I don’t know why you think I’d do such a harmful thing to you.”  He giggled to himself, “Oh that’s right, because I’m a vampire.  The big scary evil beast.  I wish you’d just get over it already.  I am not interested in your family, I want your special wolf.  I will give you a piece of advice… you should be careful when you’re out being a vigilante regarding your father.  Rumor on the streets is you’re on the short list of hits since you’ll be Alpha.”
I started to ask him who he heard it from and of course he was gone.  I sat up, looked around the room, noticing my mom still hadn’t gone to bed but Oakley was asleep on the chair.  It was just as well, I knew he was tired and worked up after such a dramatic turn of events.  I vow to myself not to tell him about what Arien said.  
I go over to the big double chair he is in and curl up on his lap, his arms went around me and for the moment I felt safe.
“You okay?”  He whispered as he pulled the afghan up over both of us.
I reach up and briefly kiss his lips.  “Yeah, I’m okay.  Let’s get some sleep.”  I whispered back.


My mother was demonstrating the strength of ten wolves.  Her emotions were kept in check as she kept the Pack in order.  The agreed consensus was Parker would take three wolves with him, a tracker from a New York Pack that had won gold medals in the Were Games in the last four competitions.  We held them every two years in various locations; it was more of a giant camping and cooking event.  Parker was apprehensive about taking our most advanced men out of fear for my mom’s safety.  My gut told me that I should leave Oakley with my mom and I go with Parker.  It was something I hadn’t talked with anyone about, just because I didn’t want a bunch of flack not to mention the issues with Abel.  To add salt to the wound, Allie was acting like a spoiled diva.


~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

ABEL 

July 2     3:00 a.m
In my panicked mind all I can think is he’s dead. How can General Phelan be dead?  I can’t help but think it is because of me.  If people weren’t looking for me then he’d be alive.  Maybe if I stare out of this stupid window long enough the answer will magically appear.     With General Phelan dead it leaves the Pack without a true Alpha, but I’m not ready.  How can I be Alpha when I can’t even shift yet?  How can I be Alpha when I close my eyes and I hear Pru crying as her father took his last breath?  I’m not strong like them, I’m just a kid.  
 I turn around at the sound of my friend Bryon snoring (I let out a sigh of relief) as he is sprawled out on my futon.  The latest victim of the wrath of my sister, she kicked him out of her room when she came to town for the holiday weekend.  Allie hates the idea of Bryon living with us and finds it offensive that he was sleeping in her room.  She pulled one of her tantrums, screaming insults as his stuff went flying into the hallway.  
I heard a light knocking on my door before it quietly opened. “Abel, I know you’re almost grown, but you need to go to sleep.  You promised you’d help dad get the deck done tomorrow.”  Mom said.  “I know you’re thinking about Mr. Phelan Abe, he’s at peace now.  I’m so sorry you kids have had to deal with such grown up stuff lately.”
“I know.  For the love of everything sacred!  I’ve heard about the deck since Father’s day.   I’m okay, really I am.  Sweet dreams, I love you,” I say as I pull my blinds down to obscure the view outside.  She has no idea what grown up stuff is, I thought to myself.
“Do you know if your sister has made it home? Her bedroom door is locked so I’m not sure.”  She asks as she wipes some sleepy stuff out of her eyes.
“I don’t think so, I haven’t seen her.”  I scramble around trying to find the words to keep her from worrying.  “She’s fine, don’t worry, you know how she is.”  I bump my leg on the footboard of my bed as I walked over to hug her good night.
“I know. I just can’t help but worry about her. She was in some kind of mood today huh?”  She leaned in further taking note of Bryon crashed out.  “He sure is loud, no wonder you can’t sleep. I love you, at least try to get some sleep.”  She kissed me on my cheek and I listen as she goes down the stairs. 


Chapter 28.


Oklahoma in July is probably what hell’s hallway feels like.  Gary England said it will be a record setting day at 106 but feels like 110.  If it feels like 110 why don’t they just say its 110?  Stupid.   It hasn’t rained in the past two weeks so everything is covered with red dirt dust.  It was so windy last night; I thought my windows were going to shatter.  You’d have never known about the wind storm since it is so stagnant out today.  Apparently July 4th is a big party at the Phelan farm.  The party wasn’t going to happen but Dolly insists things continue as normal.   She cooks up enough food to feed a small army.  Everywhere I look, I see a tray of snacks.  The fireworks are ordered a year in advance so the entire light display was the General’s idea.  I find out that Oakley is a closet pryro junkie, he sets up a laser light show to music and programs the fireworks to go off simultaneous.  Everyone else helps with homemade ice cream and of course Dolly has apple pies she baked yesterday.  Everything seems normal, minus the General’s presence.
Chrissy has the night off and I brought her with me to the farm, most everyone seems to like her, everyone except Pru.   I’m not sure if she doesn’t like her, or if it is a girl thing.  Dolly tells me that she really does like her, she is just worried about bringing someone into our circle right now.  
Everything is going pretty good, we eat until we can’t eat anything else… well not for another half hour at least.  Chrissy, Oakley, Pru, and I are in a cut-throat game of horse shoes, it is good to see Pru laughing and being herself.  Oak and her are holding hands and kissing openly.  I’m sure Dolly had something to do with it, she is genuinely happy for both of them.
Before the light show can begin we all get water hoses and watering cans to water everything down since it is a huge fire hazard.  It’s been so dry that water rationing has begun, unless of course you have wells like the Phelans and one of those huge water reservoir like they do.  Chrissy snuck up shoots water at Bryon and Shaynie as they try having a private kissing moment.  Oakley and Pru found a couple of the guys eating burgers instead of watering so they got hosed.  For a minute I stop and listen, and all I hear is the sounds of summer and laughter.  We’re all hot and sticky from the heat but we’re happy for once.
We’re all sitting in lounge chairs, couples coupled up, Dolly talking with Parker and the fireflies starting to light up the farm.  “When you gonna get this show going?”  I ask Oakley.
“Parker has the remote, he is waiting for the final light to clear the trees so it’ll be good and dark.  You in some type of hurry mister?”  Oakley says.
I give Chrissy’s hand a light squeeze and she thinks to me “Thank you for bringing me, this is so fun.”  
“No, not in a hurry, just ready to be impressed with your pyro-techno abilities.”  Everyone busts out laughing.
It was only a minute later and my stomach starts to rumble.  “Hey, I’ll be right back.”  I nonchalantly race to the pool house thinking I can splash some water on my face and feel better. By the time I get there, I have the most excruciating pain shoot up and down the length of my back, then it filtered to my stomach and through my chest.  I’m so hot, they must have forgotten to turn on the air conditioning.  I step out the back door that faces the woods.  I think maybe if I sit under a tree in the shade of the woods I’ll cool down.  Oh crap the pain, my hands start cramping and twisting, I can’t do this, I need an ambulance.  What is happening?  Did someone poison me?  I start panting, I drop to the floor on all fours feeling like I need to throw up, and I do.  I pant so hard, I need water, my mouth is so dry.  If I can just drag myself back to the pool house, I can get a drink of water.  I can’t move, my body won’t move.  I lay on my side, pain rippling through me.  It is too much, just kill me now.  Why try poisoning me, just shoot me.  I’m going to die all alone under a tree.  Someone must be in the woods and saw me.  No, the pain started by the fire with Chrissy.  Oh crap!  I roll back to all fours, my back arching up higher than I have ever felt my body move. “Chrissy, if you can hear me, send Oakley, don’t let anyone else know.  Do it fast, I’m behind the pool house.  Hurry!”  I pray she heard me.  How did it go?  Our Father who art in heaven…. Oh no, the pain, please stop the pain.  I’m going to be sick again…. Thy kingdom come…. Oh, ow, I can’t do it, please I need help…. Thy will be done…. Oh God, help me I need your help, I don’t know what is happening…..On earth as it is….. Oh please get Oakley here, I need his help…..
“Abel?”  Oakley says as he runs up to where I’m sprawled out on the ground.  “Oh, ohhhhhh.  You’re shifting, OHMIGOD you’re really shifting.”  His voice slightly panicked, I hear him take a breath and say, “Okay, it’s okay Abe, I’ll get Pru, you’ll be fine.”
“No!  No, I don’t want her; I need you to be here.  How long will it take?”  I ask through panting.  “I need water; please I need something to drink.”
“I’ll run over to the pool house and grab some bottles of water, just stay here, I’ll be right back.  Just breath, through your mouth, nice deep breaths, filling your lungs, it helps.”  He ran off like he was set on fire.  
He reaches over holding the bottle to my mouth so I can take a drink.  It is ice cold and so cool on the back of my throat.  “Thanks man.”  It takes me a minute to catch my breath.  “I just knew it was going to happen soon, but not like this.  Oh man, this is intense.”  I fall over to my side, feeling my skin ripple and roll all over my body, none of it is left out.  My butt cheeks feel like a baseball is bouncing around, my face is bulging to the music, my skin itchy like a bad case of poison ivy…. Oh to scratch it would feel like heaven, I can’t bend my arms the right way and my hands are on fire, no scratching from me.  “Oak, scratch, please.”  I plead between pants.
He starts scratching my back; I know what a dog feels like.  If I could shake my leg I would, it is like heaven having your back scratched.
  “Abel, it will go faster if you concentrate.  Close your eyes go to a quiet place.  I’m going to undress you so you won’t rip your clothes up.  Don’t worry, it isn’t like I haven’t seen a naked man before, I promise no funny business.  Trust me, you’re not my type.”  He pats my back.  “I’m kidding, well not really, you aren’t my type though.  Seriously, just breathe deep.  Think about the ocean, the waves rippling across the beach, feel the salt air everywhere, envision the sun setting, the intense colors dancing in the sky, now focus on your shift, your change, your beginning as one of us.”
I focus on what he is saying, I relax and then I feel it, my head changes first, my neck is having a horrible time holding up my heavy head, and then my back arches and I feel my torso and neck change…. I take another breath and the strangest feeling I’ve ever experienced, an appendage starts to grow out of my butt!  I have a tail! It won’t lie down; it is bouncing around in the air.  I am sure I look like a freak.  My left arm starts burning and my hand turns into a paw.  It is huge!  I fall over to my side and my legs and right arm change.  Everything is muffled, an empty space, not hearing….and then it becomes clear as to why….. because I am growing ears, they are the last thing on me to shift.  I changed!  
I stand up; my legs feel so strange, yet familiar.  Oakley looks at me in awe, his eyes are huge and he’s crying.  He puts his arms around my neck and hugs me.  His voice thick, his usual drawl subdued.  I don’t really hear his words, my mind translates them into pictures and knowledge.  I did it, I’m a wolf.  I am the wolf of all wolves.  OHMIGOD as Pru would say.
Oakley stands up and tells me to follow him, and not to come out from behind the building.  

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 


PRU

I kept looking at my dad’s chair, the one we had made for him a few years ago, HEAD HANCHO embroidered on it.  So many times I went to send him a text or call him.  I saved some of his messages on my voice mail, I listened to them every night before bed.  Mom was trying so hard to keep us all together. I admired her strength as she fought to keep the peace in the Pack.  It was her idea to set his chair up to respect his fallen status.  A pit in my stomach clinches when I think of him, basically it is always clinched.  I hate this reality.  I hate vampires.  I hate rogue wolves.  I hate missing my dad.  Someone will pay, I think to myself.  
Oakley had been so sweet, but I just didn’t feel connected with him right now.  He still wouldn’t tell me exactly what had happened.  I didn’t blame him, I just felt like something was being left out.  Oakley is one of the best at what he does, how this could have happened I don’t know.  I would trust him to guard the Pope, so how did my dad get hurt and no one else?  I couldn’t think like that, it wasn’t healthy.  I knew that he loved my dad.  I shook my head trying to clear my thoughts.  
The fireworks were going off; the music that they set to go with it was great.  I was honestly having a good time.  Earlier we played in the water and things felt normal, as normal as things can feel.  The fireworks just started when Oakley had gotten up to go to the bathroom, his stomach must have been messed up.  He probably ate five burgers and twenty roasted marshmallows so he earned it.  The fireworks stopped and everyone was applauding when Oakley came out from the woods.
“Hey everyone!” He yelled.  “Please sit down.  This is very important and I need you to be seated.”  Everyone looked at him, half expecting some gag that he was famous for. “Now, I need you to be quiet.  Pru please come over here.”
Oh, he better not propose.  I’ll throw up…. how could he do this, right in front of everyone?  He knows I don’t do things like this.  I’m going to beat him later.  Damn, damn, damn!   “What’s going on Oak?”
He whispered “It’s all good.  Look behind you.”
I’ll remember that moment for the rest of my life.  He was beautiful, just simply beautiful.  “How?  When?  Just now?”  Oakley and Abel shook their heads up and down.  I ran to Abel, I put my arms around his neck and hugged him.  “Abel, my beautiful friend, I can’t believe it finally happened.  You’re amazing.  Oh, you really are amazing.”  I buried my face in his neck, breathing his essence in. My friend, the Great Wolf.  “Are you ready for everyone to see you?”  He nodded.
I put my fingers in my mouth and whistled.  “Silence!  The most wonderful thing has happened.  Everyone, please stand, I want to introduce you to our legacy, our Great Wolf Abel Casey.”  I stepped to the side and Abel walked forward, he stood there and everyone dropped to their knees.  It was like something you would see in a movie, when a Queen walks in.  I too dropped to my knees and we all bowed forward for a full minute, showing our respect.  Chrissy went to him and I saw her hug him and cry.  She stepped away and said to everyone that he is okay if you want to touch him.  Our kind don’t ever touch the Alpha unless invited.   One by one every member of the Pack hugged him.  My mother finally had a chance to have a minute with him and she kissed his muzzle, tears streaming down her face.
“Oh Abel, my sweet Abe, oh how I wish he could have been here to see you.  He would have been so proud of this moment, oh he really would.  You are the most beautiful wolf I have ever seen in my life.  You’re going to be a wonderful warrior and leader.”  


Chapter 29.

ABEL

Later that evening I finally changed back, which was much simpler then shifting, I sit down with Dolly in the man cave to talk.  She tells me if I pledge loyalty to her family, she will allow me to be the Alpha of her Pack.  
“As the Great Alpha over all Packs, we know that ultimately we will answer to you. We are willing to be your warriors, and what is ours is now yours. Abel, you are now a very wealthy wolf.” She takes my hand in hers squeezing it a little and smiled at me.  “You must also know that all weres pay into a fund for the Great Wolf, it is a tax of sorts. It has been going on for at least the last hundred years.  That account is yours now, or whenever you want to come out to the world.  The wolf world.”   She smiles at me endearingly.
I’ve never been told about the tax before, it totally flabbergasted me.  I’ve never actually thought about the money issue so it is a huge surprise.   Dolly tells me about some group of Alphas that are in charge of the account and soon I’ll be heading to a board meeting to meet everyone.  Apparently the tax can’t be lifted so everyone will have to pay for as long as I live.  Great, another reason to out me. 
“Dolly, what do I do about my parents?  Obviously I’m one with my soul or whatever Pru kept stressing.  Do I still have to pretend to die?”  I pop open a can of Coke and sit back in the leather bar stool.  I shove a handful of peanuts in my mouth and try to wipe the salt off my hands without rubbing them on my jeans.  That was classy, I think to myself.
Dolly took a deep breath before saying: “Abe, I think you’re right, I do.  I don’t think we have to continue on with the death plan.  I’m not sure how we’ll tell your parents, but I think they can handle it.”   
I look at her, really look at her, she is very beautiful.  I can see where Pru gets her stunning looks.  Why haven’t I noticed this before?  I figure it must have been the embarrassment of seeing her naked on our first meeting.  The way her eyes slightly crinkle as she smiles.  Her perfect white teeth, the way her hair had a natural curl that frames her face.  She isn’t as fashionable as Pru or my mom, she is a t-shirt and jeans mom, but it fits her.  The sadness behind her smile makes my heart hurt for her.  I wonder to myself if she will find another mate, a person to appreciate her awesomeness.
“Thank you.  Can I bring my parents over here and we tell them together?  I want to do it soon.”  I take a sip out of my Coke trying not to dribble any out of my mouth as I sometimes do.  I might be great, but I’m still a kid.
“Why don’t you bring them out tomorrow and we’ll tell them together.  Sound like a deal?”
“Thank you.”  I get up to leave and she gets up and hugs me.
“You’re going to be awesome Abel Casey.  I love you as if you are my own child.”  I hear her choke back her tears.
My family, this is my family.  I will guard them with my life.
Pru and I hang out in the family room talking and laughing about all of the training, cuts, bruises, and hell that she put me through over the last ten months of my life.  “You just wait Miss. Thing, paybacks are hell,” I say as we joke around.  The stresses of the last few weeks seem like history, ancient history.  All of the nights I thought of my parents having to go through the death of their son, the nights I cried thinking of their pain, all of it finally over.  “You know what I find so funny Pru?”  I point at her.
“I’m sure you’re going to tell me, in another knee slapping way,” she said to me, pointing with one hand and one over her mouth.
“Oh good one.  Ha.  Ha.  Now that I’ve shifted for the first time and all, I can honestly say, that I thought you were full of crap when you told me I had to be one with my soul.  Seriously?  Don’t get me wrong, our training did one thing for me.”  I lift my shirt showing off my abs.  “I’m straight up hot now.  Oakley, I suggest you put your tail between your legs and run.  I’m great and hot.”  I bust out laughing at my own joke.
Pru sucker punched me in my stomach.  “Oh, look Mr. Greatness just got punched in the gut by his very spiritual advisor that without her, he would totally be one with the ground six feet under right now.  Yeah, you heard me Abe, I can take you down any time.  You became one with your soul because of me, don’t forget it.”  Pru half laughed and half taunted, but something in me made me believe there was more truth behind it than not.
Bryon and I drop Chrissy off and I rush home to make it by curfew.  No matter my status, I’m still their son and still follow their rules.  Shaynie stayed at the farm to help clean up.  Dolly and I agreed that for the time being, she will continue to run everything and she slowly turn the reins over to me.
The heat hadn’t let up even after the sun went down.  You can still hear the locust and the frogs croaking, but it is too hot for them to be as loud as they usually are.  Walking in the house feels different, like I haven’t been here in a year.  Everything is brighter and better.  The fabric softener in the dryer smells sweeter and it is everywhere that clothes have touched.  Mom’s leather purse smells rugged and rich; dad’s lunchbox smells like a school lunch room.  I hear a cricket in the hallway singing out loud.  I hear my parents sleeping, the sound of their breath going in and out.  I hear the owl outside notifying other owls of his existence, the neighbor’s dog whimpering outside of their door.  
I turn to Bryon and whisper, “Is it always this intense, I mean I was enhanced before I shifted, but it feels like I went from stock speakers to Bose.”
Still laughing when we reach my room….up until the minute we see Allie sitting on my desk chair in middle of the room.  She turns slowly facing us looking as menacing as I’ve ever seen.
“Oh look my brother and his faithful companion coming home all jazzed about their secret little night out with their secret little friends.”  She laughs slightly manic like a whack job without their lithium.  “What’s wrong boys?  Cat got your tongue.  You do like a little humor don’t you.”
“Allie, are you okay?”  I can tell that she is different, she is too cocky and entirely left of center.  “Why are you being so weird?”  I ask.
“Oh, aren’t you a hoot Abel.  You might want to be quieter, I think I heard mom roll over, if you’re not careful, she’ll get up and come in here.  You don’t want my friend Arien to, well let’s just say, he gets thirsty really easily.”
“Is he here with you Allie?  What’s going on sis, I’ve never seen you like this.”  I try to get a little closer to her and in that moment I knew.  She stands up and flashes a fanged smile at me.  “Oh shit.  You’re a vampire,” I say barely audible.
“You’re quick.  I love that about you, that lightening quick brain of yours and all.  Was it my charming personality?  Or is it these lovely new canines I have?  Oh, look, we can see whose are bigger, mine or yours.  I’m guessing mine,” she said with a wink at me.
“Allie, what do you want?”  My eyes shifting between Bryon and the door, Allie never turned to look at him, it was as if she didn’t see him.  “Sis, I think there is an antidote, I’ll try to find it for you, just don’t hurt mom or dad.”  I can hear Bryon in my parent’s room getting them up.  I hear him hurry them down the stairs and into my car.  I’m not sure why Allie wasn’t paying attention to them. 
“Oh what’s wrong Abe, you can be the only one in the family with special powers?  Is that how it goes?  Please.  I don’t want your friggin’ antidote; I have everything I’ve ever wanted right now.  I will give you a piece of advice, you’re a wanted man by the vampires and if I wasn’t pissed off at half of them, I’d give you to them.  Consider yourself lucky.  Your whore of a girlfriend Pru?  She better watch her back, next time it will be her to die.  Tell her that Arien is mine and she better not forget it.  I figured you out before I left for Reno, when you guys paid me off to get away from my lover.  You aren’t a very bright lot are you?”  She tapped her fingers together, faster and faster as she spoke.  “It doesn’t matter to me anyway.  So you’re the Great Wolf, the one that vampires and werewolves have been hunting for all of these years?  Interesting.  You’re a marked man Abel Casey.  I am giving you a heads up, only because I promised you as your sister I’d always have your back.  You see, something interesting about vampires, as the venom runs through my veins it weakens my grasp on my human self.  Before too long, I’ll no longer know what it’s like to feel for parents or siblings. I’ll no longer be in touch with that humanity thing.  You’re antidote?  Yeah, there is one, but it is as elusive as the Great Wolf, good luck.  Time is ticking, soon all of the supernaturals will know who and what you are.  For what it’s worth, I did love you.  Take care of mom and dad; they will be easy targets now.”  She looks down at her watch.  “Next time you research about vampires you shouldn’t believe everything you read on the internet. You missed one thing…. Blue moons… it will cause the venom that is already running through the veins to turn a person.  I didn’t even have to be around my lover to get infected.  I have things to do.  Good-bye Abel Casey, it sucks to be you.” Allie snarled.
She took a flying leap out of my window, I ran to look out, and she was gone.


Chapter 30.

PRU

I packed up my bags, struggling to keep my emotions from competing with my logic.  It was time to move past this chapter and go forward to my destiny.  No matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t understand how my father died.  The hunting crew was leaving in the morning and I intend to be on the RV with them.  I was going to avenge my father’s death, which was certain.  
When Abel showed back up at the farm with his parents, it was clear what would happen next.  Their safety would always be in jeopardy as long as we didn’t make it clear to other Supers out there that werewolves are the superior race, and we will not allow it to be broken.  His mom and dad were flabbergasted in the beginning, until his father admitted to hearing of an uncle that was a were, he always believed it to be a fable but now it was clear from where the recessive gene came.  I was furious with Arien over him turning Allie into a vampire.  A part of me mourned for the friendship that never would be.  The girl with the haunted eyes that loved fashion, she was gone to be an unnatural killer.  After I find and kill the person responsible for my father, I’ll hunt for the cure for Allie… if it isn’t too late.
The hardest part of all, the part that hurt the most, the one thing that I was so sure of, the one person I always turned to, my beautiful Oakley, I wasn’t sure of anymore.  My thoughts taunted me, I couldn’t help but wonder how my dad wasn’t protected.   Why wasn’t Oakley any better at protecting him?  I couldn’t shake it, no matter what I did.  The one I was imprinted with was the one that would hurt the most.  I couldn’t help it, I had to go.
The sun came up over the horizon, hazy with promised heat for the day.  The Pack all met outside to see me and the hunting crew of five off.   Parker, Jake (the Alpha from Dallas), Chris, Dennis, and I.  Oakley watched me confused and finally realization set in that I was going with them, and I hadn’t said anything to him.  I told him I was sorry but I had to go, I had to be the one to bring my father’s murderer to justice.  I hugged him as the tears spilled from my eyes.
I turned and put my arms around Abel, “Abel, I love you more then I’ll ever be able to say.  You’re pretty perfect in my book.  Take care of everyone, you’re going to be a great leader Abe.  You’ve taught me more than anyone ever has and I look forward to this new regime with you as the leader.  Keep an eye on Oakley, he’s going to need your friendship now more than ever.  For what it’s worth, I think Chrissy is a great girl.”  I kissed him on the cheek. 
“You sure are making it sound like you’re not coming back.”  Abel said.
“I hope I am back soon, but after what happened to my dad, I just don’t know.”  I turned and looked at everyone and yelled.  “If I hear you gave Abel a tough time while I’m gone, I will kick your ass, and you know I can.”
As we drove off, I watched them through the RV’s window; my heart was shattering into a million pieces.  What the future would hold, I didn’t know; but I knew this was just the beginning and tomorrow was just a day away.
###


Keep reading for a
SNEAK PEEK OF BOOK TWO

1.  Bitten

“She had scarcely spoken it before the cat sprang on her, seized her, and swallowed her down.  You see, that is the way of the world.” ~ Cat and Mouse in Partnership - Grimm’s Household Tales 

ABEL

“How many does that make, five?   We have five new weres in a matter of two weeks?”  I asked Oakley.
“Six Abel, it makes six.  I sent Bryon down to Dallas to interview a few members of their pack to find out if they knew anything.”  Oakley said in his Oklahoma drawl.  “I talked to Dolly via Skype earlier and she said if you need her to come back, she will.”
I crossed the room and plopped down on the brown leather sofa.  “No.  I’ve got this.  She’s been through too much over the last six months.  She’s only been gone for a week; I’m not going to have her come back so soon.”  I don’t know if I was trying to convince him or me, but I had no choice but to figure this all out.  I’m the Great Wolf and damn if I’m going to run for help every five minutes. “I heard from Pru earlier today, actually at two this morning.  She arrived in Paris and is going to spend the next ten days with her mom and then go back on the hunt.”  I’d been wondering if she had called Oakley and told him what her plans are, but I’ve tried to stay out of it.
“Yeah, she called me after she got off the phone with you.  I’m good.  Seriously,” Oakley said as he leaned over and put on his cowboy boots.
He wasn’t fooling me; I knew it was killing him with her gone.  Hell, it’d been a month since she stopped at the farm to visit and get supplies.  “So, we have six new werewolves that have been bitten.  You do realize that we still have two of them locked in the tornado shelter?”
“Dungeon, they are in the dungeon,” he said as he pulled his keys out of his pocket.  “I’m gonna take a ride over to pick up some supplies for the horses.  Wanna go with me?”
I debated it for a nanosecond.  “Sure.  Eventually I’ll be able to pick up stuff for the horses and know what I’m talking about.”  It was a little embarrassing that I’m supposed to take  over a farm and wasn’t sure what the horses ate.
“Keep telling yourself that.”  Oakley laughed and patted me on the shoulder.
“Oh shut up.  You suck.”  I pretended to flick his hand off of me.
I threw on my leather jacket but didn’t zip it up.  It was noon and the Oklahoma sun was beaming brightly as it bounced off the lingering snow from the weekend.  I had wanted to go with my parents on a cruise to the Bahamas but Oakley reminded me in his not-so-subtle way that I was too busy.  If I were honest with myself, I’d admit my parents seemed a bit giddy about going alone.  I kept hearing my mom say things like the honeymoon she never had.  Yeah, that visual made me want to poke my own eyes out. 
Shortly after learning about my wolf status, I asked my dad to quit his job so he could be better protected. He didn’t argue; apparently he turned in his two week notice the next day.  These days he spent most of his time hanging out with the I.T. guys and learning everything he could about our set up.  Mom cut back her hours at the Indian Reservation but she couldn’t give up her patients.  After some research and verification through the council, we found out that the Reservation was protected with Indian charms that were practically impossible to penetrate. Their two week trip would be good for them and it would be great for me to know they’re out of the line of fire.
2. Big Bob’s
“Many hours went by whilst she was seeing everything, and in her delight she did not observe that the ship was sailing away.” Faithful John ~ Grimm’s Household Tales

“Dude, do you have heat in this thing?”  I asked as I zipped up my jacket and blew on my fingers to warm them up.
“You have got to be the coldest blooded werewolf I have ever known.  It isn’t going to blow hot air until it warms up a little.”  Oakley said as he shifted the huge truck into drive.  “Hey, grab my sunglasses out of the glove compartment, the snow is blinding me.”  He turned on the stereo making me listen to his 1980’s music.  He’d recently taken up listening to Madonna and Prince; thanks to my mom.
The two mile jaunt down the country roads was so much prettier in the spring and summer.  The trees were naked and void of life for a few more weeks, and then they would start to bud again.  I noticed a wild hog darting between trees, peeking around the trees like he was playing a game of hide and seek.  
Big Bob’s Feed and Stuff looked like a giant red barn.  At first glance you may mistake the façade as wooden with its white trim and giant barn doors, but it was another product of technology.  Once you pulled up into the giant parking lot you could tell that there were average doors that were the entrance and exit.  Oakley had told me the place was once a real barn but burned down about three years ago.  The insurance money gave them enough to build a state-of-the-art facility that only looked like a barn.  
I pushed the door open and the aroma of freshly brewed coffee enveloped my senses. It seems that farmers had as much a coffee addiction as the coffee addicts that go to Starbucks.  Big Bob (his real name was George, I never knew the story about Bob) had a fancy coffee shop set up in one corner.  It had an old fashioned soda fountain look to it.  There were a few booths and barstools for the counter seating for people to sit and sip coffee while talking about their crops.  
Oakley sent me over to grab us a couple of coffees, heavy on the cream.  Imogene, the waitress was dressed in an old fashioned waitress uniform, pink with a white apron tied around her non-existent waist.
“Abel, what can I get you love?”  Imogene said to me and licked her painted on red lips.
Imogene had a way that always made my cougar-dar flip on. “I need two large snicker doodle coffees, heavy on the cream.”  I replied and gave her a friendly but not flirty smile.
“Oh, you must have that tall dark and handsome Oakley with you.  You tell him if he leaves before telling his future sugar mama Imogene hello, I’m gonna flatten his tires.”  Imogene said and cackled to herself for a minute.  “I’m just kiddin’ sugar.  Not about him comin’ over and sayin’ hello but I won’t flatten his tires.  Just him,” she said and winked at me.
I turned around to take mental pictures of the store.  Always the wolf.  I noticed a girl talking to Bob, so I zeroed in on her to listen in on their conversation.
“I’m looking for the Phelan farm.”  The girl was saying to Bob.
“You got some business with them?”  Bob asked suspiciously.  
“Yes sir.  I need the easiest way to walk there.  I don’t have a car,” she said as she stood on her right foot with her left leg bent and foot off the ground.
Bob looked up at me and caught my eye. He nodded his head up at me and I nodded up back at him.  “Well, you’re in luck.  One of them Phelan boys is over in the coffee shop.  His name is Abel; he should be able to help you.”  Bob said and pointed over to me.  I raised my hand half heartedly, giving a small wave back.
Be nice I tell myself.  The girl thanked him and started walking over my way.  Her khaki flared pants had grass stains on the knee and her t-shirt was entirely too big.  Dried clumps of red clay were falling off her holey worn out shoes leaving a trail from the counter to me.  
“Uh, hi are you someone from the Phelan farm?”  She lifted her head to look at me.  Her hazel eyes looked sad, like she lost her best friend.  I knew that look; it was common around the farm with the absence of the General and Pru.
“I am.  I’m Abel.”  I put my hand out to shake but she looked at it like I had some disease.  “Okay, I guess you’re not much into the germ thing.  It’s cool,” I said pulling my hand back.
“I’m sorry.”  She thrust her hand out and we shook hands.  “I’m needing to go to the farm.”  
I smiled at her; I couldn’t help myself, she seemed so lost.  “My friend and I are going out there in a few minutes.”  I turned my head to say to Imogene.  “Imogene, can you pretty please with sugar on top make me another coffee?  You know you love me.”  I flashed her my cheesy grin.
“For you sweetie, I’d do anything.  Don’t tell Big Bob I’m sweet on you,” she said as she grabbed another Styrofoam cup to pour the coffee in.
“Abel, I don’t have any money to pay for that.”  The girl said to me.
“Oh no, don’t worry about it.  It’s my treat.  Sorry, I didn’t catch your name.”  I put a ten on the counter.  “Imogene I don’t need any change.  Thank you, I’ll see you in a couple of days.”  I turned to face the girl.  “Sorry.  So what gives?”
She looked up at me sheepishly and said.  “Actually, I was hoping you’d be able to tell me my name.”  She reached in her pocket pulling out a piece of paper.  “I woke up in a field with these clothes on and this note.”  She handed me the worn out piece of paper.
You’ll find your answers at the Phelan farm in Choctaw Oklahoma.
Her eyes brimmed with tears causing my heart to skip a beat in sympathy for her.  “Are you telling me you don’t know your name?” She nodded her head yes.  I grabbed some sugar for Oakley and guided her to follow me.  “Do you have amnesia or something?”
“I guess.  I really don’t know.  It’s been four days.  Whoever left me in the field, set up a tent and left me some canned soup.”    She coughed a little.  “Excuse me.  I’m getting a cold or something.  I’ve been hot and cold and started coughing a lot yesterday.”
We walked over to Oakley, he gave me a quizzical look.  “New friend?”  Oakley grinned at me.
“No.  Well, yes actually.  Look at this note.”  I handed him the note.
“Interesting.  What’s your name?”  Oakley asked her and eyed her up and down.
“She doesn’t know who she is.  If you’re finished in here, can we go? We’ll talk in the truck.  We’re taking her with us.”  We headed to the doors.  “It’s not far.  We’ll get you cleaned up and have some lunch.”  Once the doors closed I could smell it on her.  I smelled an open wound.  She smelled of werewolf.  Oakley and I had gotten better at communication with our thoughts.  My problem is I couldn’t help but make facial expressions as I thought my talk instead of talking out loud.  Oakley told me I was a terrible mime.
“Don’t start making your weird faces at me, just listen.  She smells like she has been bitten.  I’ve heard of were’s that are bitten and all of the sudden have amnesia.  One interesting thing is she had to have been bitten at least five days ago and she hasn’t healed.  She hasn’t shifted yet but her case will probably be extreme.  She is one of those that could turn and never turn back because she has forgotten who she is.  We need to get her some help.  Will you send Chrissy a text and have her come out.  She has done pretty well at healing the wounded animals we’ve found; maybe she can help this girl.”  Oakley thought to me.
“I really appreciate the ride.  Do you think your parents can help me?”  She asked.
“Hmmm, how to answer that?  Mrs. Phelan is out of the country and my parents have left for a cruise.  Interestingly enough, I’m the one in charge.  Don’t let my baby face fool you,” I said with a smile.
“We’re almost there and we’ll be able to look into this a little further,” Oakley said.
She leaned back in her seat, more relaxed than I would have been in her situation.  I could only imagine what it would be like to all of the sudden be alone in the world and not know who I was.  It was obvious she had more faith in us then I did.  I sent Chrissy a text and sat lost in thought until we pulled into the long driveway.
“You’re kidding me!”  She exclaimed.  “This is your house?”
She had the same reaction I did the first time I saw the enormous house just over a year ago.  “Its home,” I said.
“I’d never imagine a farmer living in a place like this,” she said as she climbed out of the truck and walked with us to the doors.  Alistar gave us a quick bark, acknowledging our new friend.  
“So you’ve been to farms before?”  Oakley asked suspiciously. 
“I forgot who I am; I didn’t forget what everything is.  I have a general knowledge of what things are, what they do, what is expected, but I have no damned idea who I am,” she said in frustration.
Oakley held up his hands as if he were surrendering to her.  “I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to make any accusations.  I believe you. Really, I do.”  
“I’m okay, I am tired, dirty and I’m really hungry.  Do you have some peanut butter and jelly?  I could really use a sandwich.”    
I started walking to the kitchen, meeting up with our new chef Estelle.  “Did I hear someone ask for peanut butter and jelly?  I have some fried chicken and potato salad made up if you’d rather have something to put meat on your bones.  You’re too skinny.”  Estelle said with a hint of her Columbian accent.  She took over after their chef for the last ten years quit after the General died.
“That would be amazing!”  Mystery girl said.
“I’ll eat with you,” I said.  Oakley raised his hand, letting us know he’d be joining us.  I leaned over to whisper in her ear that we needed to give her a name, until we figure out who she was.
“I like the name Samantha, how about Sam?”  She said as she took a seat at the glass breakfast table.  “This kitchen is really pretty, that vase of red roses looks amazing on the black granite.  I love, love, love the marble island.  It is gorgeous.”
“Mrs. Phelan has great taste.  We call her Dolly; she’ll be back in a couple of months.  We Skype with her all of the time though, so maybe you’ll get a chance to meet her.  You’re welcome to stay with us while we figure things out about you.  We have several guest rooms; you can pick whichever you want.  They all look the same to me but the girls keep telling me I’m blind.  Speaking of girls, my girlfriend Chrissy is on her way out here.”  I grabbed a couple pieces of chicken and spooned out some potato salad onto my plate.  “Don’t be shy around here or you’ll never get anything to eat,” I said, before taking a bite of chicken.
After lunch we showed Sam the way to the guest rooms.  She picked a room with brown walls and an enormous pine canopy bed.  I’d always been a fan of that room because of its huge marble fireplace.  
“You’re about the same size as Shaynie; I’ll grab some jeans and a sweater for you out of her room.  Maybe you and Chrissy can go to the mall and pick up some clothes if you’d like.”  I stood at the doorway as she walked in the room.  “There should be shampoo and stuff in the cabinets in the bathroom.  Estelle put a toothbrush and some toothpaste on the counter for you.  Relax, everything will be okay.”  I tried to reassure her in the very awkward situation.
She walked towards me stopping at the doorway.  “Abel, thank you.  I’ll be done soon.”

3. Wolf
“The wolf said, “You know, my dear, it isn’t safe for a little girl to walk through these woods alone.”
~ Little Red Cap - Grimm’s Household Tales


I heard Alistar, the pack’s Irish Wolfhound, baritone bark informing us that Chrissy pulled up.  I stood on the porch watching her get out of Parker’s Prius.  When he left with Pru to find the General’s murderer he told Chrissy she could use it while he was gone.  Her puffy pink coat with white fur trimmed hood stood out against her freshly colored hair.  She had her hair cut short and colored black on the bottom with white on the top tipped in hot pink.  I loved the free spirit of her personality and how she expressed herself.  She recently quit her job at Ta Ta’s and started work at a wildlife rescue with the help of Dolly.  Her boss sported a Mohawk which was usually multiple colors.  He’d told Chrissy the animals didn’t complain about his hair, so he wouldn’t complain about hers.  I knew not everyone could pull it off, but she could.
She looked up and sent me a question via thought. “Hey Mr. Greatness is everything cool?” 
“So far.” I thought back.  “You look so cute.  Is that a new jacket?”  I said as I met her on the bottom step.
She leaned in and kissed me on the lips.  “It is.  I love that about you, you’re so observant.  While we’re handing out compliments; you don’t look too shabby.  I’m loving your new casual rock star look.  You know that though.”
I pulled her to me wrapping my arms around her back.  I put my hand behind her head as I kissed her.  Her lips were cool and tasted like bubble gum as my tongue explored the velvet moistness of her mouth.  We stayed like that until we heard a familiar voice behind me.
“Are you planning on playing tonsil hockey all day or coming inside?”  Oakley asked with his mischievous grin on his face.
“Hmmmm, I don’t know.  Tonsil hockey was pretty appealing,” I said and took Chrissy’s hand leading her up the porch.  
“Oh stop Abe,” she said giving me a fake punch in the arm.  “We were on our way inside,” she said to Oakley.
We went into the man cave for some privacy.  We brought Chrissy up to date on everything we knew about Sam.
“It sounds like we need to tell Sam what is about to happen to her.  Don’t you agree?”  Chrissy said.
We nodded our head in unison.  “I agree.   It’s bad enough she doesn’t even know who she is or where she’s from.  I’ll go get her and we’ll tell her together,” I said as I stood up and headed to the guest room end of the house.
The first thought I had about Sam is how she cleaned up pretty good.  She smelled of soap and blood.  She still looked tired; I could see the dark shadows under her eyes.  “Sam?  Chrissy is here.  It looks like I was right about Shaynie’s clothes, they fit you perfect.”
“Yeah, thank you.  Your girlfriend isn’t mad that I’m here or anything is she?  I don’t want any drama or to bring any drama to you.” She took a final look of herself in the mirror.
“Oh no, she’s fine.  Come on, I’ll introduce you.  I think you’ll like her.”
After we did our introductions, Chrissy and I sat down on the loveseat, Sam on the couch and Oakley in a big overstuffed chair.  To the average person it would look like we were old friends enjoying a conversation, Cokes in hand and little mini sandwiches that Estelle insisted on bringing us set up on the coffee table.  There was nothing normal in what we were about to talk about.
I took a deep breath in and let it out slowly before changing Sam’s life forever.  “Sam, I’m sure you’ve noticed a big open sore on your body somewhere,” I said to her.
“Yeah, how’d you know that?”  She asked and her eyebrow started twitching as she stared at me.
The wolf in me was trying to mind over matter, telling myself she doesn’t know better than looking a werewolf in the eyes for more than a few seconds.  She wasn’t challenging me.  Oakley leaned forward, giving me a semi-bug-eyed look while whispering to me to keep my cool.  “I have a very keen sense of smell.”  I shook my head back and forth.  “Not that you smell or anything, well, kinda but not in a bad way.  I smell blood on you and open flesh.”
“Oh gross.  You’re kidding me?  I showered, I promise,” she said as she slinked back on the couch.
“No, no.  Nothing like that.  Okay, hear me out and everything will make sense.  Oakley is actually going to do a demonstration.  I find it easier with a visual.”
Oakley’s eyebrows lifted as he shrugged his shoulders at me.  
“I’m going to take off my clothes,” Oakley announced.
Sam looked shocked and scared, she went to stand up.  “I don’t know what’s going on around here, but I’m not into that kind of thing.  I know that.”
“I promise you Sam, everything is okay.  It will really make sense in about five minutes.”  Chrissy tried to reassure Sam that we weren’t some kind of kinky weirdoes.
“This is a little more embarrassing with everyone sitting around staring at me.  You want Estelle to pop you some popcorn for the show?”  Oakley asked.  I’d never seen him get self conscience about shifting before.  “I’ll leave my boxers on.”
He stripped down to his boxers.  “You seriously have skull and crossbones on your boxers?”  I sniggered at him.
“I love these boxers.”  Oakley said pretending to be shy by crossing his arms across his torso covering his man parts and bending his knees inward.  “Here goes nothing.”  Oakley said and dropped down on all fours behind the pool table to let it obscure her view.  In less than a minute he was completely shifted and walked across the room.
“OHMIGOD!”  Sam screamed.  She started panting heavily hyperventilating before she all out fainted.
Chrissy ran over, sitting on the couch and putting Sam’s head in her lap.  “Abe, grab a washcloth and wet it with cold water, please.”  I ran into the bathroom grabbing one of what Dolly called, the guest towels, knowing she would kill me if I got anything on it. Chrissy took the towel from me, giving me a peculiar look.  She wiped Sam’s forehead whispering to her that she was going to be okay.  After a minute or so she opened her eyes; looking around and seeing Oakley the wolf on the floor next to the couch.  Sam scampered upright and pulled her knees to her chest.
Her hazel eyes wide as saucers and her finger pointing to Oakley. I noticed she was physically shaking.  “Th-That is a w-wolf” she stammered.
Chrissy put her arm around her shoulders trying her best to comfort her. “It is also Oakley.  You’re not in any danger, I promise.”  She pulled her in for a hug since Sam was obviously freaked out.  “Oakley, why don’t you shift back so we can talk to Sam?”  
I grabbed his clothes tossing them in the hallway so he could shift back in privacy.
It took us the next hour to convince her we were werewolves and that we didn’t hurt humans.  I could tell that Oakley was getting tired of the conversation and wanted to move forward with the next task… telling her she is one too.
Chrissy had returned to her spot on the couch next to me, thinking jokes to me to see if she could make me crack.  Oakley sat in the chair in one of his stoic poses.  I did my usual fidgeting in my seat, a habit I did when I was nervous.  I held Chrissy’s hand, letting it go and putting my arm across her shoulders, back and forth until Oakley and Chrissy started screaming in my head to stop.  The world was a lot quieter before people started talking inside my head.
“So, that wound we asked you about earlier, we think you’ve been bitten by a werewolf.”  Chrissy said.
“What?  You think a werewolf bit me?  What the hell?  You’re kidding right?”  Her questions were coming out faster than we could answer so we kept shaking our head in reply.  “Oh hell!  That is why I’m here isn’t it?  Someone bit me and then was too chicken shit to tell me what they did and sent me on my merry way.  I don’t believe you, there is no way I’m a werewolf.  I’ve been drugged or something. ” Sam shook her head back and forth.  “It can’t be real, it just can’t be,” she said as she looked up at us with eyes brimmed with tears.  “What happens next?” she asked in defeat.
“Well, we need to try to heal that bite.  We also need to try and figure out who you really are.”  Oakley said to her.
Chrissy cleaned up the wound and packed it to absorb up some of the infection that had started.  She felt that in twenty-four hours we’d be able to use a regular bandage on it.  It was mid-afternoon before we finished up and let Sam go back to her room to rest.  I could see the events of today had taken its toll on her.
Oakley paced back and forth on the front porch.  I could hear the boards creak under his weight with each step.  Chrissy and I sat on the porch swing with a big wool blanket to keep us warm.  “You’re going to wear the wood thin if you keep walking back and forth.  Don’t ever tell me that I’m fidgety, Mr. Fidget.”  I pulled Chrissy closer to absorb more of her body heat.
“This is getting out of control.  I don’t know who is doing this but I’m going to find out, and when I do, I’m teaching them a lesson they won’t soon forget.”  Oakley said, stopping in his trek.  His chin lifted as he took a whiff of the air.  “It smells like it’s going to rain.  Just what I need, rain to wash away the evidence.”
“What are you talking about?”  I asked.
“I was hoping Sam would be able to take us to where she was bitten.  I wanted to try and track the biter by his scent.”  Oakley said as he grabbed the screen to the front door.  “It’s getting cold out here kids, let’s go see if Sam is up and try to figure this out before it starts raining.”
Sam met us in the man cave looking less pale and more alert.  “I’m not sure if I could get us back there,” Sam said to Oakley.
“Well, we’re going to try.  First we’re going to Big Bob’s and we’ll pick up your scent and follow it.  Did you walk there or did you get a ride?”  Oakley asked.
“I walked.  You’re going to pick up my scent like a regular dog does?”  She asked in astonishment.  I could see the corners of her mouth twitching to smile.
“I know right?”  I said giving a little laugh to the irony of it all.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
It is so hard to believe I’ve come far enough to have the opportunity to thank the people in my life.  I’m incredibly afraid of skipping someone, because I’m fortunate enough to have a very large support system.  First I must thank Mike, my writing widow for believing in me enough to allow me to chase my dream.  I love you.  Paris, for all of your wisdom and help making me look good. I am humbled to be your mom.  Hunter, how many nights you gave up a home cooked meal allowing me to continue writing through a chapter while you ate chicken nuggets.  Your encouragement kept me going when I wanted to quit.  To Elaine, for her editing expertise and snarky comments that kept me on my toes.  Yes I have a thesaurus (in case I never answered that question).  My Lovies.  Lorrie, thank you for being my best friend I adore you.  Lacey you saw something special in my characters and love them as much as me.  You have been a great friend every step of the way.  Christina, our long nights and your pack of boys inspired me immensely.  Lara, thank you for helping me make my smut scenes turn to something rated PG.  I’ve come to rely on your wisdom and so glad we’re finally friends!  Shaynee my niece and best friend, thank you for everything.  Cindie my sister, my cheerleader, my friend.  Ken thank you for loving the character Allie for her charm and wit.  To all of my Lovies for being you!  Thank you to all the guru’s that pimped my website and made my jacket rock!  To every agent that rejected me, you made me strive for success.  To my mom, I miss you every day of my life, thank you for being my cheerleader for so many years.  I’ll forever be your PDDD.  
If you’d like to become a Lovie, please become a fan of my Facebook fan page.  For more information on the Legacy Series visit my website at www.devyndawson.com 


About The Author


Devyn Dawson

Devyn Dawson is the author of Amazon best selling young adult books The Light Tamer Trilogy, The Legacy of Kilkenny Series, and new adult book Sapphire, A Werewolf Love Story. Her career has included working for Fortune 500 companies, grave decorating, and accounting. She enjoys spending her spare time riding on the back of her husband's motorcycle to the beautiful North Carolina beaches, or cuddling her new granddaughters.  Devyn has many hidden talents, one of them is turning a marshmallow inside out.   

Devyn lives in New Bern, North Carolina (about 2 miles from Nicholas Sparks)with her husband of twenty years, two cats, three dogs, and two cockatiels (3 of her pets are named after vampires, Klaus, Bella, and LeStat).

Follow Devyn on Facebook 
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Devyn-Dawson/145383098868553
Twitter: @devyndawson
Email: devyndawson@yahoo.com
Website: http://www.devyndawson.com

Other Books by Devyn
The Legacy Series
The Legacy of Kilkenny - Book One
The Seduction - Book 1.5
Malevolence Book Two

YA Series
The Light Tamer Trilogy

The Light Tamer
Enlightened
Light Bound - Coming summer 2013

NEW ADULT 

Sapphire, A Werewolf Love Story - 

Cry Me A River - July 2, 2013

