

The Crystal Keepers
An Overseers Novel


Mary Coffin


Copyright 2013 Mary Coffin
Electronic Edition
ISBN 978-0-9858453-2-2

First edition 2013
Cover Design Copyright 2013
by http://DigitalDonna.com

Electronic Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



ONE

_______________

Loki
In the forest


What was that?!?
Something had grabbed Loki’s attention and yanked her out of her sleep.  She lay in bed, with her eyes still closed, feeling the cool morning air on her face.
They be stirring, miss.  They be hungry.
Was it the ‘tweenlings that woke her?  There was an edge to their message.  They swirled around, flying in and out of the open window, gray formless shadows that left impressions in her mind like brush strokes on a canvas.  Loki didn’t see them with her physical eyes or hear them with her physical ears; she saw and heard them with inner senses.  Some would call it a sixth sense but it was more like she had seven or eight.
The ‘tweenlings seemed otherworldly but they talked of the world as though they were physically a part of it.  She had communicated with them since she was a young child but was never quite sure what they were.  Over the years, she came to think of them as entities that spoke to her about the state of all life and energy, as if they were the voice of plants, animals and even people, in some instances.  She wasn’t sure whether they were of this world or the next.  It seemed to her that they were between the two, so she nicknamed them ‘tweenlings.
They be getting’ restless, they be!
Their energy was growing more agitated, like an animal caught in a trap, knowing a predator is lurking nearby.  It took all of Loki’s will power to lay still and listen to their message without becoming tense herself.  She wondered what was making them nervous.
Suddenly, with her eyes still closed, she felt them rush through the window and brush past her face.  Their energy felt frenzied and intense, as if they were running from something.  Then, Loki’s innards started getting hot and pressure was building inside, as if something was moving into her body and trying to force her out of it.  This was not the ‘tweenlings!  Her eyes shot open and she bolted out of bed, looking around as she did so.
Outside, the forest nestled under a blanket of fog, unwilling to let the early morning’s sun stir it to life but enough light filtered through to reveal tall, slender shapes outside the window.  Then her eyes caught sight of something else.  Something is out there.
She leaned closer to the window and peered through the opening.  As if a shadow could appear in the dim fog-covered forest, there was a low cloud directly outside the window.  It was darker than the mist around it and was visibly condensing, taking on form.  She sensed fear in the ‘tweenlings hushed warning.
Lookout, miss!  The darkness.  The darkness be there.
Normally the ‘tweenlings flowed through things like ghosts floating through the ethers, having no effect on the physical world but, as the shadow darkened and began to change, it was as if the ‘tweenlings’ form took on physical mass and they nearly knocked over the lantern beside Loki’s bed.  She grabbed it just before it toppled off of the bedside table onto the hard wood floor.
Their excited murmurs sounded like frightened children, all whispering at the same time.  They nervously scurried about the room.  The book that she had been reading sat on her desk and the ‘tweenlings blew past with such force that the hardbound cover flew open and the pages rattled, as if a gust of wind had just kicked up.
Loki feared the commotion would wake her father.  He told her to quit leaving the window open at night.  The cold morning air made him grumpy.  Truth be told, there wasn’t much that didn’t anger him these days and, at times, her very presence set him off.  Loki knew her father was deeply troubled and his behavior had been getting worse.
Loki was just about to reach for the window and close it when the ‘tweenlings movements nearly yanked a picture off the wall and the bottom of the frame swung outward.  She rushed to it to catch it before it thumped harshly against the wall but she was too late; it struck with a loud bang.  The ‘tweenlings whirled so close that her nightshirt bunched tightly around her body.  She waved her arms to shoo them back out the window but they were too fast for her to sense their location.  She grabbed a shirt from the back of the chair and waved it through the air to corral them to the window but how does one herd unseen vortices of energy?
“Loki!!!”  Her father’s booming voice echoed in her head and her bedroom door swung open.  His bloodshot eyes immediately focused on the open window and he stepped unsteadily toward her.
He’s drunk!  Can someone wake up as drunk in the morning as when they went to bed the night before?
Loki backed up calmly until she reached the wall beside her bed.  She placed her hand on the window to pull it closed but for a brief moment she couldn’t move.  Her body felt heavy, like an invisible weight was pressing down on it.  She glanced out the window and the dark cloud was so dense that it was black and took on the form of a cat’s head.  The tips of its ears were slightly rounded and its rugged jaw and squared muzzle gave it a tough, wild appearance.  It was a panther.  Its amber eyes opened and looked straight at Loki.  Her skin crawled and a prickly sensation crept down the back of her neck.  The wooden window frame was blackening under squelching heat that caused Loki to pull her hand back.
As soon as she did, the cat’s black, ethereal form charged through the window and straight for her father.  He opened his mouth to scold Loki further.
“I told you…”
Before he could finish, the dark cloud rushed through his eyes and into his body.  His face registered surprise at first, as his words caught in his throat and he swallowed.  Then his posture stiffened and he looked at Loki with dark eyes.  He stepped slowly toward her, with steady movements.
His voice was strong.  “I will no longer wait for your answer.  You will study the dark arts.  You will commit to the Brethren of Darkness and you have no choice in the matter.”
He stepped near the bedside table and discreetly picked up the lamp, holding it behind his back, as he continued approaching Loki.
“You think you can continue to defy me?!?  I’ll teach you what defiance brings!!”
He raised his arm with the lamp over his head and was about to throw it at Loki when someone behind him grabbed it from his grasp.
“Dex!”
He spun around to face Loki’s mother, Gwynn.  She pushed him hard in the chest and, as he stumbled backward onto Loki’s bed, the black misty panther exited his body and flew out the window.
Loki breathed a sigh of relief.  “Mom, did you see…”
Her mother glanced at her and shook her head, letting Loki know not to speak.  “This would be a good time for you to go for a ride.”
Loki didn’t need convincing.  She grabbed her shirt, pants and riding boots and rushed out of the house.  She leaned back against the front door, waiting for her heart beat to slow, and heard her father loudly proclaim, “She will follow the same path as Elwyn!”

TWO

_______________


Loki ran to the barn where their horses were kept.  She quickly slipped on the pants and shirt, wrapped a belt around her waist and pulled on her riding boots.  The energy in the barn felt calm compared to what she had just experienced in the house but she startled at the ‘tweenlings boisterous movements around her.
There be change in the air, miss, an’ it comin’ fast.  Oiyeah.
“Geez.  Don’t you think I know that already?”
She walked past the stalls that held her mother’s and father’s horses.  The next two were empty but they once held her siblings’ horses.  She doubted her brother or sister would ever return.
Then she reached Beno, her own horse.  At the sight of her, he tossed his head and whinnied, softly acknowledging her.  Then he approached the stable wall.  Loki reached over, stroked his neck and cupped his strong jaw in her hand.  The horse neighed quietly and lowered his head, soothed by her presence.  She nuzzled him with her nose and spoke tenderly.
“Ready for a ride, are we?”
As if in response, he softly neighed and dragged his front hoof through the dirt.
Of course he is, miss.  He need’n to run.
Loki ignored their comment.  “I thought you might.”  She smiled.
She opened the barn door, led her horse outside and mounted.  As she guided Beno through the mist toward the foot of the hillside, Loki barely held the reins since Beno was quite familiar with the route.  The fog brought everything in close, forcing her to rely on other senses.  The only sounds were their breathing and the padded sound of Beno’s hooves pressing into the damp, earthen floor.  His rhythmic gait beneath her, the warmth of his hide against her legs, and her own calm, slow breathing put Loki in a contemplative state as she thought over the morning’s events.
She considered the message brought by the ‘tweenlings and the ominous dark form that was apparently looking for a host to inhabit.  It was pointless to speculate about the ‘tweenlings’ message and what was about to change.  Loki would do what she could to remain vigilant and watchful of signs or impressions that alerted her to what was coming.
She wasn’t surprised by her father’s outburst.  Ever since he sent her older sister, Elwyn, away to study under the Brethren of Darkness, he had become moodier.  Loki found it ironic because her father is the one who influenced Elwyn to make that choice in the first place.  Elwyn’s whole life was spent in preparation to be just like their father.  By the time she turned eighteen, she was well versed in black magic and made their father proud when, to no one’s surprise, she expressed an interest in pursuing the Brethren’s teachings.
He had once demanded that Tannis, the oldest child, pursue the dark arts but it backfired.  Tannis responded rebelliously and expressed his interest in working with the Guardians of Light.  This infuriated their father and it also strengthened his expectations of Elwyn.  Elwyn did all that she could to win their father’s approval.  So why couldn’t he just be happy that Elwyn was following the path he chose for her, instead of pressuring all three children to do the same?  Sometimes Loki wondered if his unhappiness was so insatiable that he wouldn’t stop until everyone was devoured by it.
Now that Loki was the last child at home, her father urged her to follow the same dark path but even though she hadn’t given him an answer, deep down he sensed that she wouldn’t choose the darkness.  He knew something was different about their youngest child but it didn’t stop him from pressuring her.  Gwynn, her mother, defended Loki and wanted her to choose for herself.  Because of this, Loki knew that she and her mother were a threat to her father.  He no longer had an ally in the house that shared his views or that manipulated others by using the negative forces.
He summoned the darkness one too many times though.  The destructive forces were toying with him now – as if he were a marionette dangling at the end of a string.  He spent more time being drunk than sober and continually cursed Gwynn for not choosing his side, as if sides had to be taken on everything.  He was so self-absorbed.  He couldn’t recognize that his daughter was an independent, spirited thinker, not to mention her ability to watch over the non-human world – yet another difference between her and her siblings.
After what she observed earlier with the panther, she began to think that she was no longer dealing with just her father but was perhaps being pursued directly by the dark force.  Her father expected an answer from her by the time she turned seventeen, as to whether or not she would study under the dark powers.  She had recently turned sixteen, so a year might seem a long way off but to her, it might as well be a week.  Her dilemma wasn’t in deciding whether to pursue their teachings.  She already knew her answer.  Her problem was in dealing with her father’s reaction to her decision and whether he would take it out on her mother.  Loki wondered whether this had all changed, however, since the darkness was nearly successful at complete possession of her father.
They be needin’ your help, miss.  The little ones, they need protectin’.
This was new, this talk of little ones, but Loki would find out soon enough what it was about.  She always found out, whether she wanted to or not.  The ‘tweenlings made sure of that but she wasn’t anxious to bring more trouble to herself.  She only hoped that she would find out in secret, without her parents knowing.  At an early age, her communication with the ‘tweenlings not only brought ridicule from Tannis and Elwyn, it angered her father greatly.  She was never clear on what her mother’s thoughts were about it but her mother made her promise to never speak of them again.  Loki kept that promise.  She hadn’t openly talked to or about the ‘tweenlings for many, many years.
Loki didn’t want to think about any of that right now.  It was time to let everything go and to stop thinking.  These morning rides, she reminded herself, were for her peace of mind.

~~~
The horse led the way up the side of the hill, on a narrow switchback trail.  Halfway up, Loki noticed flickers of sun dance off the moist droplets suspended in the air.  If she squinted, it appeared that hundreds of crystals shimmered and sparkled before her.  Before she knew it, they stepped above the fog and her blue eyes had to blink back the harsh morning light.
She looked back at the blanketed woods and saw only the tips of the trees poking through, pointing skyward.  As they crested the summit, Loki sighed.  She loved the scene from the bluff, which offered a view of all directions.
Rolling hills and forest surrounded the immediate vicinity.  To the north lay the Great Mountains that soared toward the sky.  She imagined standing on top of one and having a clear view of the heavens above as well as a bird’s eye view of the entire region below.  Their jagged peaks had year-round patches of snow where glaciers had formed.  She wondered if she would ever visit those mountains or learn what mysteries lay on the other side.
They be comin’, miss.
“I heard you already.”
South of the bluff, hills and forest gradually gave way to flat, grassy plains.  Further south and west, there was a desert - home to the Brethren of Darkness - but it didn’t interest her; not like the Great Mountains.  Every time her eyes gazed at the peaks, something stirred deep within, as though they held secrets and invited her to discover them.
They be gettin’ stronger, miss.
“Give me some peace, will you?!?”
“Oiyeah!”
Loki tried to tune out the ‘tweenlings but it was difficult; they had been an integral part of her for as long as she could remember.  Just then, she had the impression that she was being watched.  She glanced to her right, wondering if someone else was on the bluff.  She had never encountered another person up here but this time she sensed another presence.  She felt a strong pull to the right, magnetizing her toward it.  She tapped Beno and pulled the reins to the right.
It only took a moment before the presence appeared, in mid air.  She stopped her horse and watched.  A milky, wispy form developed.  It was a woman with long hair and gown that flowed like they were tussled by a gentle breeze.
No, miss.  She be hungry!
Loki felt drawn into her aura.  The apparition extended her arms, as though she were inviting Loki into her embrace.  It was such a contrast to the dark force that immobilized her earlier with such oppressive, entrapping and sinister energy.  This force had a strong pull but with a warm, welcoming and magnetizing energy.  Without realizing it, she had lightly tapped Beno’s side and he walked forward, ready to deliver her into the woman’s embrace.
No, miss.  Stop!!
Loki jerked the reins to stop Beno and shook off the mesmerizing energy.  As soon as she did, the apparition faded.  She shook her head in disbelief and finally realized that the ‘tweenlings were warning her about both of these energies; the strengthening powers of the darkness and the light.
“Okay.  I understand now.  I hear you.”

THREE

_______________


Before Loki spurred the horse into a full run, she untied her own sleek, black hair and let it fall across her back.  Beno fidgeted in anticipation of her command.  They knew each other well.  In fact, Loki enjoyed wearing dark clothes that blended with the horse’s hide; it added to her sense that the two of them operated as one.  Their only differences were in the color of their eyes and Loki’s fair skin.
She smiled and teased the horse by delaying her kick for another moment but her legs were stretched outward, pulling the stirrups taut, ready to strike.  She wasn’t sure whether Beno responded before her boots struck his flank or after but, in an instant, they were soaring - as one - across the plateau.  In moments like this, Loki forgot everything but the feel of the wind whipping her hair and revitalizing her senses.
The horse responded as though his sole purpose in life was to run and he seemed to have boundless energy.  They flew across the bluff several times, causing birds and small animals to scurry out of their path.  The air was so still, a brown dust cloud lingered in their wake.  Loki snapped the reins slightly to the left, directing Beno toward the center of the bluff.  He responded instantly and, without her prodding him, put on a burst of speed.  He knew where they were headed.
The bluff, which was surrounded by forest, was oddly barren of trees on top except for one patch in the middle.  There was a small grove of old pine; a couple had died and fallen.  Another had been struck by lightning.  At the foot of its charred stump, the main trunk had fallen and rested at an angle against a boulder.  Beno raced toward it with such graceful speed, Loki had the sense that they were soaring above the ground.  She heard excited murmurs from the ‘tweenlings as they raced the horse.  Beno took a flying leap over the fallen trunk and as soon as he was airborne, Loki closed her eyes and had the sense of time standing still.  For the slightest moment, it felt like they were suspended in time and space, not connected to anything of the earth, not feeling any sensation except weightless.
Loki enjoyed the momentary sense of freedom, perhaps a little too much.  Beno’s front hooves striking the ground jolted her back to the physical world, where she realized too late that she hadn’t leaned into the jump.  She was jolted backwards and nearly lost her balance.  She managed to tighten her legs against his body and grab his mane just in time to prevent the fall but a jarring pain shot through her back.  She let out a groan as she pulled the reins to stop the horse.
She dismounted and bent over with her hands on her knees to stretch her back.  There were no other sounds except her and Beno, panting from the charge, both hearts beating from the rush.
Dance, miss.  Spin wit’ us.
Loki felt the ‘tweenlings tug at her senses, prodding her in a playful way.  She straightened up, twisting her back slightly to help loosen it.
Miss.  Dance wit’ us.
As if he knew they would be there for some time, Beno lowered his head to nibble on some tasty plant life.  Loki walked a few steps to a flat area that was free of rocks or logs that might trip her.  She closed her eyes and felt the ‘tweenlings brush past and swirl around her, coyly inviting her to play.
C’mon, miss.  Spin.  Spin!
She smiled at their energy.  She was amazed at how their message could be so urgent and fearful in one moment, yet playful and carefree in the next.  Loki closed her eyes, raised her arms out to the sides, and slowly turned in place.  She was aware of nothing but the feel of her body turning and the ‘tweenlings spinning around her.  She picked up the pace and twirled faster.
Oiyeah!  Oiyeah!!
Loki’s senses were filled with the movement.  She smiled and raised her face skyward, while spinning as fast as she could.  It gave her the feeling of being nothing but energy in motion.  She spun until she was on the edge of losing control.  With her eyes still closed, she collapsed to the ground, giggling.  She opened her eyes and was dizzy from the world spinning around her.  She laughed and rolled onto her back.
The ‘tweenlings continued spinning for another moment.  Oiyeah!
Loki lay there for some time, enjoying the warmth of the sun, listening to the sounds of nature and her horse nibbling.  After some time, she stood and the ‘tweenlings’ energy instantly changed again from playful to serious.
They need protectin’, miss.  The little ones.
Loki sighed.  Obviously, playtime was over.  “Okay, I give.  Who are the little ones?”
Suddenly, small forms flew out from the grass around her feet.  They were ghost-like, just like the first two forms she saw that morning.  These looked like large butterflies that fluttered erratically in the air around her.  As one passed in front of her face, she noticed that its body was different from that of a butterfly.  It only had two legs, instead of four, and looked like human legs.  The forms dispersed in the air as quickly as they had surfaced.
“Okay.  It’s time to go,” she said as she mounted Beno.  Then she muttered, “I’m not even going to ask what the forces of darkness and light want with a bunch of butterflies.”
She turned Beno in a full circle and took in the scenery around her, as though she were committing it to memory.  Then she pointed the horse toward the trail.
She still felt giddy from the ride across the bluff and the spinning but, as they descended, even though the fog had lifted, the giddiness was replaced with a sense of heaviness and anticipation that something else was about to change.
As she headed back home, her thoughts drifted once more to her father and how his behavior and moods were becoming more volatile.  He was so easily taken over by the dark force.  She knew that once she announced her decision not to become an apprentice of the darkness, he would assume it meant she chose to study under the Guardians of Light, with Tannis.  Loki didn’t know what she wanted but it wasn’t either the Guardians or the Brethren.
Although, she couldn’t help but admire how Tannis wholeheartedly embraced the Guardians’ teachings.  Elwyn did the same with the Brethren of Darkness.  Both her siblings believed so intently in their respective paths that nothing else seemed to matter to them.  Loki was almost envious of how they had such direction in life, such conviction in their views.
She acknowledged that the Guardians and the Brethren each had a place in the world, but personally she knew she couldn’t be satisfied with either order in its entirety.  Both believed their views to be the ultimate way and both sought their own righteous control over the world and each other.
Loki wanted more out of life.  She yearned for something other than the two extremes but what choice did that leave her?  Would she live a common life among the rest of the populace, falling under the effect of both forces?  The thought of that left her with an empty feeling.  She didn’t know what she’d do but was certain of what she didn’t want.
Were the ‘tweenlings urging her to make a decision?  She thought not but, as she was enveloped by the shadows of the woods, heaviness settled over her and the muscles in her back unconsciously tightened.

FOUR

_______________


Loki returned her horse to the stable.  She took a few minutes to brush Beno and fill a bin with hay, and then approached the house.
Don’ go in miss!  The dark be in there!
Their message caused Loki to tense.  She knew something was wrong.  She reached for the door handle but didn’t press down on the lever.  She recalled her father nearly striking her mother one time.  Fortunately, he was too drunk and clumsy to cause harm.  Instead, he simply tumbled to the floor, where he remained unconscious for the entire night but it was enough to let Loki know that he was capable of harming her or her mother, given the right circumstances.  She didn’t believe that her mother would let it get to that point but ever since Elwyn left, her father’s behavior had become less predictable.
Then she wondered, if the darkness returned while she was gone, could it have overpowered him and helped him hurt her mother while she was out riding?  Or could he simply have hurt Gwynn by himself?  For a moment, she considered not going inside.  If he did hurt her mother, could she control her own anger and not provoke him further?  Would it be better for her mother if she stayed away for a while longer?  After some consideration, she decided to open the door after all.
No, miss.  No!
The first thing that caught her eye was her father at the table, slumped over and, apparently, unconscious.  What she saw next made her skin crawl.  As her eyes adjusted to the dim light inside the cabin, she noticed a dark shadow loom over him.  It was similar to the shadow that appeared outside her window but this one was big and the energy radiating from it was almost unbearable, as if it were more than mere energy but rather the very source of the darkness itself.  It changed shape, consolidating into a smaller space over her father and quickly turned into the head of the panther.
Loki sensed that it was about to do something to her father.  She took a couple steps forward.
No, miss!  Don’ go near!!
The panther turned to face her.  Its golden eyes pierced her with a sinister sensation as if evil itself had just entered her body.
Gwynn yelled at her from the bedroom doorway.  “No, Loki!  Stay back!”
As soon as her mother shouted, the sick feeling left Loki’s body.  The black form turned its attention to Gwynn and suddenly vanished into thin air.  Loki took another step forward and observed her father.  His head rested on his forearm on the table and the other arm hung at his side.  The handle of his drinking mug was about to slip off his fingers and fall to the floor.  On the table in front of him was a small, empty bottle.  Loki walked over and reached for it.
“Don’t touch it!”
Loki pulled her hand back and looked at her mother standing in the doorway.
Gwynn leaned against the door frame, her shoulders slumped and one hand held the side of her face.
“Mother?  What’s going on?” she whispered.
Her mother hesitated but then slowly lowered her hand.  Her cheek had a dark red welt that was already bruising.  Her dark hair, which was usually tied in a neat bun, was a mess.  Strands loosely fell down her back and around her face.
Loki rushed to her side.
“Mama!  Are you...did he...”  She glanced back toward the table at the lifeless form of her father.  Rage burned in her eyes and she balled up her fists.  She started to turn toward her father.  “He should get the same treatment!”
Gwynn grabbed her arm and pulled her back.  “Listen to me, Loki.  I want you to quickly pack some things.  We’re leaving.  Now!”  Her eyes searched the room.  “Before it returns.”
“But what about father?”
Gwynn, still holding her arm, gazed gravely into Loki’s eyes.  “He’s gone, Loki.  He poisoned himself.”  She searched her daughter’s eyes, trying to determine how she took the news, but there wasn’t time for discussion.  “Go.  Pack quickly.  We can’t be here when it returns to claim his soul or it might…I don’t want to take any chances.”
Loki glanced at her father and then back at her mother, feeling somewhat dazed by this turn of events.
“Go!  Quickly!”

FIVE

_______________


Loki and Gwynn slung their bags over their shoulders and tied bed rolls to their horses.  Gwynn mounted and waited for Loki to do the same.  She kept gazing at the house, afraid the darkness would return at any moment.
“Wait,” Loki said.
“We must leave!” Gwynn urged.
Loki returned to the stable, led her father’s horse out and slapped its hindquarters.  The horse bounded forward and trotted into the trees.  She glanced at her mother as she mounted her own horse.
“It will give him a chance to survive…until we come back.”  Even as those last few words left her mouth, she had a sense that they weren’t coming back any time soon.
Gwynn nodded her understanding and spurred her horse toward the east.  Loki followed behind.
Before long, the forest thinned; pine trees scattered farther apart and grew shorter.  Then all of a sudden, they broke out of the forest and the land opened up to rolling hills and gulches.  Gwynn turned north.
Loki eyed the Great Mountains and thought they appeared even larger than the view from on top of the bluff.  She glanced back to see if she could see the bluff poking above the line of trees but they were too close to the forest to see it.  She rubbed her back, which still ached from her jolt on Beno earlier that morning.
Her mother hadn’t said a word since they left the cabin.  No doubt she was lost in thought, as was Loki.  Loki trotted up next to Gwynn and glanced at her.  The bruise on her mother’s cheek was more defined already.
“Mother?”
Gwynn didn’t respond at first and continued staring ahead.  Then she looked at her daughter.  “Yes, Loki?”
“Are you all right?”
“I’m fine.”
Lookout, miss!  Darkness comin’!
Loki searched the area, wondering what the ‘tweenlings were talking about.  Her mother stopped her horse and looked around as well.  For the first time, Loki wondered whether her mother could hear the ‘tweenlings.
A startled flock of birds took off from the forest behind them and scattered across the sky.
“What is it?” Loki asked.
Gwynn listened for a moment.  “We need to hide.”
She spurred her horse until she reached the first gulch and then dismounted.  Loki did the same.  Then Gwynn crawled to higher ground but stayed low.  A dust cloud appeared in the air near the edge of the forest.  Loki crawled beside Gwynn and within moments, two riders came into view.  There were two men wearing black capes, heading east, intersecting the path that Loki and her mother had just travelled but far enough away, hopefully, to not see the horses in the gulch.  Besides the black capes, Loki sensed an air about the men that felt disturbing and heavy.  Of course, the small flock of black birds that flew in a cloud above them certainly added to the foreboding air.
Loki and Gwynn remained low and silent until the riders passed.  Then Loki spoke quietly.  “Were those Brethren of Darkness?”
Gwynn rolled onto her back, looked at the sky and sighed.  Loki thought she looked tired…yet relieved.  “Yes.  We don’t need any trouble so let’s keep moving.”
“It looked like those birds were following them.”
Gwynn glanced back toward the riders, who were a safe distance away and getting farther by the moment.  She studied them and the flock of birds over head.
“Ebonravens.  The darkest bird that ever was.”
“Darkest?”
Gwynn’s gaze was penetrating when she responded.  “Their eyes are as black as their bodies and can only be seen if the light hits them just right.  They feed off the dark energy of the Brethren.  When you see one, there’s a good chance the Brethren are nearby.  We’d better go.”
Loki wanted to ask where they were going.  In fact, she had a lot of questions but she also had the distinct impression that her mother didn’t want to talk.  They returned to their horses and continued north.
Loki followed without saying a word, feeling somewhat dazed by the day’s events.  She thought back to the sensation in her body when the darkness, in the form of the black panther, directed its attention at her and it made her skin crawl all over again.  She was glad they left before it returned to claim her father’s soul.
Loki had felt the presence of the ‘tweenlings swirling around them as they rode but, oddly enough, they had been quiet.  It was as though they understood that she had much to think about and so they let her be.
They rode for a couple hours toward the Great Mountains but it appeared to Loki that the mountains were still just as far away.  Finally, Gwynn stopped her horse under a group of old trees.
“Let’s eat something.”
Gwynn dismounted and handed Loki a flask of water.  Then she retrieved some biscuits and jerky from her bag.  They sat on the ground and ate.
Loki watched her mother as she chewed on a bite of biscuit while gazing off into the distance.  She didn’t want to wait any longer.  She needed to know what was going on.
“Why did father hit you?  What happened back there?”
At first, Gwynn didn’t respond as she continued chewing.  Then she took the flask and sipped on water.  She offered it to Loki but Loki shook her head.  Gwynn put the cap on and set it on the ground in between them.
Then, as if she never heard Loki’s question, she spoke.  “Loki.  It’s okay to be open about it now, to communicate with them.”
It only took a moment for Loki to realize what her mother was talking about but then she remembered her father’s anger and Elwyn and Tannis mocking her when she spoke openly to the ‘tweenlings.  She thought she had been discreet ever since she promised her mother to never speak of them but, apparently, not careful enough.
She stared guardedly at her mother.  “What makes you think that I still do?”
“I see the subtle shift in your eyes when you’re listening to them.”  Gwynn gave a half smile.  “I don’t hear them the same way that you do.  Your ability came naturally.  I had some help in learning how to read the energy.  Besides, it was for your safety that I made you promise.  It would have put you in danger, had you openly continued.  The forces of good and evil, the Guardians and the Brethren, would have eventually found out about your abilities, especially with having a sibling in each order.  One who can read the energy of all life, such as you, poses a threat.  You can see right through them.  They would have taken you.”
“Why?”
“To harness your ability for themselves…or worse.”  Gwynn lowered her eyes.  “Your father, for one, would have given you away to the Brethren.”
“What?!  Why?”
“To gain their favor.  He betrayed them once.  There’s never a second chance with the Brethren but it didn’t stop him from trying.”  Gwynn stared at the dirt on the ground but her distant gaze indicated she was seeing something else.  She looked to the north briefly and then gazed at Loki.  “Why do you think he’s pressured all of you to join the Brethren?  He’s been trying to earn their forgiveness.”
Loki furrowed her brow.  “What kind of father would give away his own daughter?”
Gwynn held her gaze but didn’t say anything.  Then she lowered her eyes.
Loki shook her head in disbelief.  “How could you stay with him all these years?”
“He didn’t used to be this way.  It took awhile for him to reveal his interest in the Brethren and it got worse after we had you.”  She looked Loki in the eyes.  “I wouldn’t have let him give you away.  I was just…”  Gwynn’s voice trailed off and then she quietly said, “…waiting.”
“For what?”
Her mother said nothing and Loki had the sense she was keeping something from her.  Gwynn opened her mouth to say something but then paused and looked like she was trying to be selective about her words.  Then she looked directly into Loki’s eyes.  “It’s time that you thought differently about yourself.  I know your father pressured you to be a certain way and Elwyn and Tannis often badgered you.  It’s time to be yourself and to recognize your talents.”
Loki was tongued tied.  Through much of her life, she hid her abilities and put on an air around her family that brought the least amount of conflict and attention to herself.  The only time she felt she could be herself was when she went off riding, with her horse and the ‘tweenlings.
Gwynn continued.  “We’re going to see an old friend.  We’ll go a little farther but we’ll finish the ride tomorrow.”

~~~
Gwynn and Loki stopped for the night in a group of trees that provided cover.  The sun was just dipping over the horizon; its golden rays frosted the tips of the trees and left dim shadows on the ground.
Loki observed Gwynn.  Even in the fading light, the bruise on her face had turned more colorful with shades of bluish purple, red and black.
“Why did father poison himself?” Loki asked.
Gwynn shook her head, like she was still in disbelief over what had happened.  “He woke up quite agitated, as you know.  Of course, the darkness only amplified it further.  After you left the house, he told me that he was going to demand that you join the Brethren now, instead of waiting for you to come of age.  Through Elwyn, he planned to make a deal with them.  I told him that I wouldn’t allow it.  He could no longer control his anger.  The dark force played him like a pawn.”  Gwynn touched her cheek.  “After he hit me, I could tell by the look on his face that he immediately regretted it.  He went out to the kitchen and I stayed in the bedroom.  I didn’t see the point in talking any further.  Then I heard him rummaging in the kitchen and I figured he was going for the ale again.  I wanted nothing to do with his drunkenness anymore.  But then I felt it, the energy changed, the darkness returned.  I walked to the doorway and saw him slumped over at the table.  As soon as I saw the dark force, I knew what he had done.  It came because he was already dead.”
Loki said nothing.  She had been disappointed in her father, that he let himself be controlled by the negative forces.  Somewhere inside, she thought she had cared about him but she didn’t like the person he became when he drank.  In reality, she had to admit that she hardly knew him.  From her viewpoint, all she saw was his misery and how he tried to hide from himself by drinking.  That’s the illusion of the ale and, now, he was gone.  The darkness won.  How ironic, she thought, he basically got what he wanted except that he got it in death, instead of during his life.  He was now with the darkness.
Gwynn sat on the ground with her arms around her knees and her eyes were closed.  Loki studied her face and thought she had a calm look about her, as if she had just retreated to a secret place inside where she found peace.  Then, as if Gwynn felt her daughter’s gaze, she opened her eyes and looked at Loki and grinned slightly.
“Where will we go, I mean, after we see this friend?” asked Loki.
Gwynn looked north toward the Great Mountains.  She took in a breath and slowly let it out.  “It depends.”  Then, in the last remaining light, she gazed into her daughter’s eyes.  “What do the ‘tweenlings say about things?”
Loki thought back to the message she heard that morning.  “Change is coming.”  Then she added her own thoughts on it.  “But it already has, with father gone.”
“Mmm.”  Gwynn nodded her agreement on that statement and then added, “I think there is more to come, Loki.”
Rest, miss.  You be need’n to rest.
Hearing those words suddenly made Loki aware of just how tired she was.  She had never sat on a horse for that long, and now noticed the aches quickly surfacing in her body.  She also felt drained from the day’s events.  Suddenly, all she wanted was to sleep.  She grabbed her bed roll, bid her mother goodnight, and snuggled under the pale sky.

SIX

_______________

Great Mountains


As they rode north, Loki was awed by the size of the Great Mountains, which grew taller and more spiked as they got closer.  She was excited about being in the proximity of the mountains that she had admired for so many years; it helped her forget about her aches and pains from a second day on horseback.  As they approached the base of the foothills, they turned west and followed a stream for a distance until they came upon the entrance to a canyon.  The canyon walls were so sheer it looked like someone took a knife, cut a jagged line down through the hills, and pushed the earth aside to make room for the shallow stream that flowed down its center.  A smattering of trees grew next to the water.
Gwynn stopped her horse and looked around the area as if she were making sure no one was watching.
Loki asked, “Are we lost?”
“No,” offered Gwynn.  “I’m just checking.”
Gwynn turned her horse into the canyon and followed the wall on the west side of the stream.  They navigated their way around a curve in the wall that protruded toward the stream.  Loki wondered where she and her mother were going when she noticed it.  Just after the curve, at the foot of the canyon wall, was a cottage, built out of reddish-brown stones the same color as its surroundings.  Constructed of irregular shapes, it almost passed as a natural rock formation.  The cottage fit so snuggly against the canyon wall that Loki was certain the canyon was the back wall of the cottage itself.  She glanced back toward where they came from but couldn’t see the mouth of the canyon.  The curve in the wall perfectly hid the cottage from that direction.
Beyond the house was scrub brush and small, spindly trees with elongated leaves.  Gwynn dismounted and motioned for Loki to do the same.  Then she led her horse by the reins and walked behind the trees.  Loki followed and was surprised when she noticed another horse was hidden by the vegetation.  It was nibbling on feed in a bin and looked up when they entered the natural alcove created by the receding canyon wall and the trees.  Gwynn and Loki left their horses and approached the house.  Before they reached the door, a voice spoke.
“Do ya’ know what the wind is saying?”
They turned to see a woman approaching from up the canyon.  Her skin was so dark, Loki couldn’t tell if it was from being in the sun all the time or if she was naturally that way.  She looked to be about the same age as her mother, maybe a little older since her brown hair was beginning to gray.  The woman eyed them curiously, with dark brown eyes, as the corners of her mouth turned up in a way that made Loki think she was playing with them.  She strolled slowly, fiddling with a piece of grass in her hands as if she were on a casual walk.
Gwynn replied.  “Listen with your heart and you will find the way.”
Loki thought it was an odd way to greet someone.
“Yer mistakes can also lead ya’ to the truth.”  The woman was only a few steps away now.
“You have only to ask and the answer will be given.”
Gwynn and the woman embraced for a long moment.  When they separated, and took in the sight of each other, the woman gazed at Gwynn’s face and brushed the bruised cheek with the back of her hand.  Gwynn closed her eyes and gave a slight shake of her head, letting the woman know she didn’t want to talk about it.
The woman caught her signal and simply smiled.  “How long has it been, seester?”
Loki detected an accent in the woman’s throaty voice and noticed the way she drew out certain vowels.
Gwynn tipped her head back.  “Too long, sister.”
The woman glanced at Loki.  “An’, you must be Loki.”
Loki’s brow furrowed slightly as her perplexed eyes darted back and forth from one to the other.  “You’re...sisters?”
“Not blood sisters, Loki.  Sisters in spirit.”  Then motioning to the woman, Gwynn said, “This is Adele.”
“Hi,” Loki said.
“Come inside,” motioned Adele, “I have some food an’ drink for ya.”
They walked inside and Loki noticed the cottage was indeed small.  There was one main room, which was set up for cooking with a wood stove, a table and chairs, and a couple of wooden cupboards.  Openings in the rock wall let some natural light inside.  On the other side of the main room were a couple of rustic wooden chairs, shelves with some books and trinkets, a small table with a lantern and a couple mats on the floor.  Loki looked toward the back of the house and noticed a couple openings that indicated there were other rooms.
They sat at the table and Adele served them each a bowl of stew with bread.  Then she poured liquid into two glasses and set them in front of Gwynn and Loki.  Gwynn took a spoonful of the tasty stew.  She broke off a chunk of bread and dipped it in the broth and ate it.
“This is delicious.  Thank you, Adele.”
Adele sat in a chair opposite Gwynn.  “It’s the least I can do.  It’s good to see you, my friend.”
With a mouth full of food, Gwynn smiled and nodded.
Loki was busy eating but observed the exchange between Adele and her mother.  She obscurely glanced at Adele and noticed her studying Gwynn.
She be a friendly, miss.  She be helpin’.
This was the first time Loki had heard the ‘tweenlings in a couple of days.
“You have been through much, all these years, have ya’ not?”
Gwynn looked at Adele and scoffed.  “Haven’t we all?”
Adele nodded.  “Of course.”  She spread her hands and looked around the cottage.  “But, I’m sensing that my simple life has not had th’ same challenges that yers has.”
Gwynn set her spoon down.  “I’m sure it has been different, yes.  But I haven’t had to wield a sword in a long time, have you?”
Adele touched her finger to her chin and looked up toward the ceiling.  “Ah, let me think.”  Then she gazed at Gwynn with a playful expression.  “Maybe twice since ya’ left us, many years ago.”
Loki was in the middle of sipping on the liquid, which tasted like ginger and honey.  The ginger tickled her throat at the same time that Adele’s comment shocked her and she swallowed wrong, which threw her into a coughing fit.
Gwynn looked at her.  “Are you okay?”
After a moment of hacking, Loki caught her breath and nodded.
Adele smiled at her and raised an eyebrow.  “That ginger has a surprising tickle.”  Then she glanced at Gwynn again.  “It has been quiet for some time but I sense that we will soon be drawing our swords again, you ‘n I.”
Swords?!?  Loki set her cup down and stared at her mother in amazement.  Gwynn’s eyes shifted slightly toward Loki and then her focus returned to her bowl of stew.  Loki noticed the corners of her mother’s mouth turn up slightly, as though she enjoyed taunting her daughter with this air of mystery.  Then Gwynn cleared her throat.
Loki held her tongue and listened.  Apparently there was a different side to her mother that she never knew about but she had difficulty envisioning Gwynn with a sword, let alone using one.  Her perception of her mother was that she was quiet and somewhat timid to have put up with her father’s behavior all these years.  It had only been since Elwyn left to join the Brethren that Loki noticed her mother becoming more assertive.  In fact, as she thought about it, her boldness surfaced when Loki’s father pressured Loki to join the Brethren and to learn black magic.  Loki couldn’t recall a time when her mother told her father to ‘back off’ when he pressured Elwyn.
Gwynn asked about conflicts with the polarities, between the darkness and the light.
“The pendulum always swings back an’ forth,” Adele said, “an’ it always will.”  Gwynn nodded.  “But it is said that both are seeking the upper hand through sources beneath us.”  Adele glanced down at the floor and then back at Gwynn.
It took a moment for Gwynn to grasp her meaning.  Then her eyes widened and her hand covered her mouth.
Loki knew, by the look on her mother’s face, that it was something serious.  They spoke in partial sentences, as if to purposely hide the true meaning of the conversation.  It frustrated Loki because it made her wonder more about what wasn’t being said.  She took another bite of stew and told herself to be patient.  Perhaps she would have a moment alone with her mother to ask about it.
It be okay, miss.  The old one’s a comin’.
Loki furrowed her brow, not understanding the ‘tweenlings’ message.
Gwynn glanced at her through the corner of her eye.  Then she looked at Adele and quietly said, “I never thought I would live to see it happen again.”
“I wish it weren’t so,” Adele commented.  “There are two others, and…”  Adele stopped and let her eyes shift briefly to Loki.
Even though Loki was looking down at the bowl of stew, she felt Adele’s attention on her, as though Adele’s gaze were a physical object that brushed softly across her other senses.  Loki continued eating and pretended she wasn’t aware that they were referring to her.  She was good at quietly blending into the background after all the years of practice she had from being around her father.
Adele continued.  “It will be good to have new blood.  He’ll be here tomorrow.”
Gwynn stared at Adele, as she considered the full meaning of her words, and nodded.  “I know.”
A weighty silence fell over the table like a heavy blanket of snow silences the forest.  Adele and Gwynn seemed lost in their own thoughts.
Then Gwynn smiled.  “Perhaps I should brush up on my skills, eh?”
“Mos’ likely.”  Adele slapped her hand to the table and stood, as though it was understood that the conversation should go no further.  “Ya’ both must be exhausted.  Let me show ya’ to yer room.  We have an early start in the mornin’.  I’ll tend to the horses.”
Adele led them down the hall to one of the rooms, which had two padded mats on the floor and a privacy blanket over its opening.  It looked like Loki and her mother were sharing this room.  Loki glanced behind to the other room.  It appeared to be just as small.  She saw a mat on the floor and a bureau.  On top were a brush and some other personal items so she took it to be Adele’s room.
Loki was pleased to share the space with her mother.  Perhaps she could ask about their strange and secretive conversation.  Adele handed them some extra blankets for the night and excused herself to take care of the horses.
As they prepared for bed, Loki noticed that her mother was lost in thought.  In fact, she hadn’t said a word since her conversation with Adele ended.
Loki kept her voice low.  “Mama?”
“Yes.”
“Can you really use a sword?”
Gwynn’s mouth formed into a smirk and she nodded.  “There was a time that I could, yes.  We’ll see if I still can.”
“What did Adele mean when she said you ‘left us’ many years ago? As far as I can see, it’s only Adele who lives here.”
Her mother didn’t respond at first and Loki wondered if she would say anything at all.  Gwynn stared at the floor as she slowly removed her riding boots and rubbed her feet.
“And she said there are two others.  Who was she talking about?”
Gwynn still said nothing.
“And, who is coming tomorrow?  What’s going on, mother?”
Finally, she looked at Loki with tired eyes and gave a faint smile.  “I’m tired.  Get some rest.  We’re going to need it.”  Then she lay down on her mattress, pulled a blanket over her body and went to sleep.

SEVEN

_______________


Loki woke to find her mother’s bed empty.  She listened but couldn’t hear any voices.  She stood and quickly dressed.  Trying to ward off the chill from the cold stone house, she rubbed her hands briskly together and blew her warm breath into them as she walked to the front door.
A mixture of excited murmurs erupted from the ‘tweenlings and Loki felt them twirling nearby, like agitated vortices of energy.  Something’s up.  She spun around thinking that maybe someone was in the house after all, perhaps sitting in the main room or at the table, but she was alone.  Then she opened the front door.
To her surprise, an elderly man stood outside and gazed down the canyon.  Though the early morning sun was in the sky, most of the canyon itself was still in shade, which added to the chill.  She heard the ‘tweenlings hushed words, It be him, miss.  Him come talk to you.
Loki wondered why on earth this man would come to talk to her.  His long, scraggly hair, which contained shades of gray and white, was tied in a pony tail.  He raised his wrinkled bony hand and waved to someone down the canyon.  She poked her head through the doorway and looked in that direction, only to see her mother and Adele, on horseback, riding away.
Loki turned back to the man and was met with stark blue eyes that bore right through her.  For a moment, it felt like he was inside her mind and she felt exposed but then his smile quickly softened the intensity of his gaze.
“Good morning,” he said.
She would have guessed him to be ninety years old by the look of his wrinkled skin.  When he spoke, she expected to hear a raspy voice that matched his aged, frail-looking body but his voice was clear and strong, almost melodious.
“Hello,” replied Loki and then she snuck another glance down the canyon, wondering if her mother was returning yet.
“I’m Morten.”  Then, as if to ease her apprehension at his sudden appearance, he added, “I’ve known your mother for a very long time.”
“Oh,” Loki said as she studied his face.  “I’m Loki.”
His smile broadened.  “Yes, I know.”  He watched as she glanced, again, to where she last saw her mother and Adele.  They were no longer in sight.  “They’ll be back by afternoon.  Would you care to accompany an old man on a walk?”
Looking toward the alcove where the horses were kept Loki noticed that, from where she stood, she could see behind the trees.  Her horse was tethered but the other two were gone.  She returned her gaze to Morten.
“Where is your horse?”
He appeared to be amused by her observation.  “I didn’t come by horse.”
“Then you must live near here.”
“Not far,” he sang and then motioned up the canyon.  “Please, join me.  These old bones would welcome the feel of the sun.”
Farther up the canyon, Loki saw where it widened and the first bit of morning sun had just touched a patch of ground beside the stream.  She stepped out of the house and began walking to accommodate what she thought would be his slow pace.  Much to her surprise, he was agile and walked brusquely, causing her to quicken her step.  Morten walked with his hands clasped behind his back and took in a deep breath.
“The air is refreshing, is it not?”
“Uh huh.”  Loki was never good at small talk and this time was no different.  She glanced sideways and watched him briefly.
“I’m sorry to hear about your father.”
His comment caught her off guard.  She looked down and stammered to find the right words.  “Oh…um…thanks.”
“Were you close to him?”
“Uh, no.  Not really.”  She was silent for a moment, and then decided to qualify her comment.  “He wasn’t a very nice man.”
Morten didn’t say anything but gave an imperceptible nod to acknowledge her comment.
“I think your mother was younger than you are now when I met her.  You must be, how old, fifteen?”
“Sixteen.”
He nodded slowly, the tip of his beard following the movement of his chin.  “Ah, such a ripe time to be considering the life ahead of you.”  He studied her momentarily through the corner of his eye before proceeding.  “Have you given much thought to that, Loki?”
Loki tensed in anticipation of where this conversation might be headed.  Her thoughts drifted to conversations she had with her father…rather, the one-sided lectures given by her father, as he pressured her to learn the dark arts and to join the Brethren of Darkness.  Amazing how her father was dead but the reaction within her, the ripple of anxiety tightening in her gut, was still very much alive.
Could this be why the ‘tweenlings said he wanted to speak with her, to talk her into joining one of those orders?  Just then, she felt their energy brush against her skin.  She heard them whisper but couldn’t make out words or the meaning behind the murmurs.  She didn’t realize she had gotten caught up in her own thoughts until Morten broke the silence.
“I understand that you have a sibling that joined the Guardians of Light and one that joined the Brethren of Darkness.”
She nodded.  “My brother, Tannis, is with the Guardians and, Elwyn, my sister, is with the Brethren.  I haven’t seen them in awhile.  Tannis used to come home regularly to visit but the last time, he and my father argued.  Tannis thinks he knows what is best for everyone – for the whole world, for that matter.  Elwyn tries to manipulate and gain power over others, just like…like my father did.  I wasn’t sure whether she did it for his approval or whether she really wanted to but it’s a moot point now.”  Loki shrugged.
“Do you have an interest in joining either one of them?  Those orders, I mean.”
She stared at Morten for a moment but, when he met her gaze, she looked ahead.  “Are you here to ask me to join one of those orders?”
Now it was Morten’s turn to be caught off guard.  He let out a chortle and stopped walking.  “I take it that you don’t like either of those choices?”
Loki stopped and faced the canyon wall as she glanced sideways at him.  She was uncertain how to interpret his chuckle but the twinkle in his eye gave her the impression that he was teasing her.
“Well…no, not really.  I mean, it’s just that...there must be...”  She struggled to find the words to express her feelings on the matter.  She sighed and stared at the rock wall for a moment.  “Those choices seem limited.  Do you know what I mean?”  She looked at Morten, hoping for a sign that he understood so she wouldn’t have to further explain her feelings on the matter, but his face was rather blank.
He motioned for them to proceed with their walk and then clasped his hands behind his back again as he gazed farther up the canyon.
Loki gave in to further explanation but took her time, searching for a tactful response.  “There are pieces of each order that interest me but I’m afraid I wouldn’t be fully satisfied with either.”
Morten dropped his gaze to the ground and nodded his head slightly.  Loki wasn’t sure whether he was conveying his understanding or his agreement but, for some reason, it gave her the courage to say more and she realized she was revealing more of her thoughts to Morten than she had with her own mother.  Perhaps it was easier because he was a stranger.
“Choosing one or the other feels like having to chose black or white.  There is no middle ground.”  Loki paused.  “If I could choose pieces from each order’s teachings, I suppose that might interest me some but...”  She fell silent.
“But?”  Morten raised his gaze from the ground and stared straight ahead.  They were almost to the sunny patch and Loki was ready to feel the warmth on her body.
“I just can’t help but think that there is something more...but I don’t know what it is.”  She paused.  “Maybe I just want there to be something else.”
Morten beamed at her, as though she had just given the perfect answer.  “I’m sure you see the value in each order.  Together they provide balance to the world, would you agree?”
His stark eyes bore into her once more and she had to look away to ponder her answer.  She thought the two orders, together, did provide some kind of balance – if pieces from each could be blended together.  She cleared her throat.  “Yes, I can see that.”
“The powers of light and darkness will always be part of this world.  It appears, from time to time, as though one dominates but it is only briefly.”
They reached the sunny spot where an old tree had fallen, its bark long since decomposed into mulch on the ground.  Termite tracks could be seen in the smooth gray log, creating a maze-like design that never really started or ended anywhere.  Morten sat on the log and raised his face toward the sun, with his eyes closed, and sighed.  Loki sat near him and looked down the canyon from where they came, wondering where her mother and Adele went.
Breaking the silence as though he just recalled something else he wanted to say, Morten spoke.
“There are times, however, when it is necessary to intervene with these two powers.  Some things in this world should never be found.  There are objects that could cause disaster should they fall into the hands of either force; objects that contain so much power that the Brethren or the Guardians could ruin our world as we know it.  Not to mention the other beings that could be destroyed.  It is necessary to – mmm – watch over things to ensure that doesn’t happen.”
Morten went silent, to let Loki ponder his words, as he continued to soak in the sun’s warmth. 

~~~
Loki considered Morten’s words for a few minutes.  Then she looked at him and asked, “Who watches over them – the Brethren and the Guardians?”
Morten opened his sapphire eyes and gave her a penetrating gaze.  Loki had the sense that he expected her to know the answer.  The corners of his mouth turned up slightly and she suddenly believed she did have the answer but was apprehensive when she spoke.
“You?  You watch over them?”
He didn’t speak at first.  He closed his eyes and turned his face back toward the sun.
“There is a third order, Loki.  One that is so secret, I often wonder whether I even know about it.”  He giggled at his own humor and then opened one eye and glanced at her.  “I’m teasing; I know it all too well.”
Loki politely giggled at his joke, even though she didn’t understand it.
“Actually, I’ve devoted most of my life to it.  It’s called the Order of Overseers.  Your mother and Adele are part of it, although your mother has been otherwise occupied for several years.”  He smiled at her.  “I’m sure you can guess at what.”
Loki was taken aback by this news and listened intently.
“Adele is a Sentry, one of many, that guards our post.  I didn’t come by horse because I came from inside there.”  He nodded toward the canyon wall, against which Adele’s house rested.
Loki looked around expecting to see another house suddenly become visible but there was nothing.
Morten’s face grew solemn.  “Years ago, not long after your mother joined, we found ourselves in a precarious situation.  The Brethren and the Guardians were both led by exceptionally brilliant men who had each mastered his own craft quite well...to the point of boredom, in fact.  They both craved additional power, over each other, over the world.”  He paused as if reflecting on this brought up another memory.  “We’re never content with what we have.  We always want more, don’t we?  Hmm.”  He shook his head as if he had trouble swallowing this truth.
“Anyway, the Guardians of Light discovered an old text.  Actually, it was a journal which made reference to an incredible stone, a golden-colored crystal which was the color of the richest piece of amber you could imagine.  The journal described the power that its author experienced when touching it, supposedly giving incredible energy and eternal life.  What it didn’t say was that an entire race of beings was...is...dependent on this stone for their very sustenance.  And, it made no mention of the fact that, should the stone be removed from its location, it would have the opposite effect by sucking the energy out of life and causing immense destruction.
“Only knowing part of the truth, the Guardians went in search of this hidden stone and the Brethren found out about it and did the same.  You know, the two orders always have ways of spying on each other.”  He smiled at Loki as though this were a well known joke.  “Both orders came close to getting their hands on it; closer than either of them realized.  The Overseers intervened to ensure that neither force found it.  But, they’ve never stopped searching and, unfortunately they are getting close once again.”
“What people are dependent upon the stone?” asked Loki.
You know, miss.  The little ones!
“Oh, not people, Loki.”  His eyes shifted around their surroundings and sparkled as though he saw something that Loki did not.  “There are many forms of life all around us, whether we see them or not.  You, of all people, are aware of that.  No, it’s not people who depend on the stone.”  He gazed deeply into Loki’s eyes, as though he were searching for her ability to believe what he was about to say.  His lips curled slightly as he said, “The Fairies of the Grotto.  They are the ones whose very existence depends on the stone.”  He let his words hang in the air for a moment, and then added another comment as though it were an insignificant after thought.  “Of course, the rest of the world would be impacted as well, by its removal.”
Morten’s story sounded incredulous to Loki, that removing a stone, or a crystal, could cause so much damage.  She studied his face and tried to determine whether he was telling her a fable or whether it was the truth.  He did nothing to help convince her of either case.
A slight breeze originated in the very spot she occupied and it softly brushed her face, breaking her concentration on Morten.  At first she thought it was the ‘tweenlings but then she realized it felt different.  The ‘tweenlings’ touch was like being stroked by a wave of energy but it wasn’t a physical sensation; she was aware of them with internal senses.  This was clearly a physical sensation, as though an invisible feather or piece of velvet had touched her cheek.  She looked around, expecting to see what it was.  She couldn’t see anything but she did hear the ‘tweenlings giggle.
Morten slowly raised his body from the old log and stretched his back as he looked down the canyon from where they came.
Referring to the powers of dark and light, he added, “Most of the time, Overseers simply watch the two powers without interfering.  If they want to kill each other and play king of the mountain, so be it.  But now and then, we must intervene when there are greater threats at hand...incognito, of course.  Overseers are patient and secretive but are willing to use force when necessary.  For you, that may be a more challenging issue since you have siblings in both orders.”  He gazed down at her.  “But only you know your limits.”  He gave a slight grin.
“Your mother and Adele will return in a few hours with two new members of the Overseers.  At that point, we must leave.  You have until then to decide if you wish to join us.  I’m asking for your help, Loki.  Your ability to read energy, to hear the messages carried in the ethers, would be invaluable to us.”  He chuckled.  “You’ve even taken it one step farther; you’ve given the energy a personality.  That’s creative.”  He gave her a genuine smile.  “We can teach you how to develop your talent even further but it must be your choice.  I can’t interfere with your free will.”
Loki was stunned by this news of a secret order and by the invitation to join.  Her mouth hung open slightly and she stared blankly at Morten as he turned and started walking back toward Adele’s house.  His words hung in the air as though waiting for her to accept them, before sinking in.
After a few steps, he stopped and turned back to face her.  “Think carefully, Loki.  Once you decide, there is no turning back.”  She watched as a smirk formed on his lips, as if he knew his next words would be the temptation she couldn’t resist.  “Who knows, it might be the very thing…hmmm, what were your words?  Ah, yes.  It might be the something else that you hoped existed.”
Then he turned away and proceeded down the canyon.


EIGHT

_______________


Loki sat on the log, in the solitude, and thought back over Morten’s words.  She took stock of her feelings and smiled to herself.  She was experiencing a mixture of shock from having learned about the Overseers and being invited to join, and intrigue over the secrecy that was so complete that her mother was a member and never let on!  She wondered if her father ever knew, but she doubted it.
In the past two days, Loki had been met with surprise after surprise.  She began to wonder what else she didn’t know about her mother.  One part of her was fascinated with the mystery; another part felt frustrated.  She was only getting pieces of information while clearly having the sense that other bits were withheld.
She wished she could see the whole picture.  How would her ability to hear the ‘tweenlings and understand messages carried in the ethers, help prevent two powerful orders from obtaining a golden crystal and save some fairies?  She also pondered Morten’s comment that she gave the energy a personality.  Did that mean that she only imagined the ‘tweenlings?  Her mind was racing.
Miss.  Spin wit’ us.  Spin wit’ us, miss.
“Not now,” she whispered.
The Overseers are a secret order and Morten said their intervention was undercover, so she hoped she wouldn’t have to face her brother or sister.  The thought of having a face-to-face conflict with them troubled her.  She thought back to what it was like growing up with them and their superior attitudes.  She wasn’t concerned about their views or that they each joined their respective orders.  She didn’t judge them for their beliefs or choices in life, but unfortunately the same courtesy wasn’t extended to her by them.  She couldn’t help but wonder...if the situation did require her to fight them, did she have it in her to do it?
Elwyn could be shrewd and cruel, not to mention intimidating like their father.  Tannis was easier to talk to, but when he believed strongly in something, he usually gave a good argument as to why others should adopt his views, and it was nearly impossible to get him to back off.  The way Loki dealt with her siblings, when growing up, was to not deal with them.  She did her best not to draw attention to herself and was quite good at blending in with the background.  She didn’t care that they viewed this as a weakness on her part.  All she cared about was that it kept their focus off of her.  Besides, there were usually enough conflicts going on between Tannis and their father or Elwyn and Tannis that it didn’t take much effort for Loki to simply stay out of the way.
After sitting on the log for so long that her butt began to ache, her attention was brought back to the present moment.  She stood and walked back toward Adele’s cottage, deciding to talk further with Morten.  She still felt like the bigger part of the picture was missing.  In fact, she was beginning to think that her life, her world as she knew it, wasn’t anything like she had thought all these years.  Suddenly her own life felt foreign to her.  It was an uncomfortable feeling.
The ‘tweenlings’ whispers swam around in her head, but she couldn’t make out words.  She wondered if they were just being dramatic but she also had the sense that she was the subject of their whispers.
As she strolled back, she prodded deeper into her own thoughts.  At first, questions flooded her mind, one after another.  How could she consider joining the Overseers when she didn’t have the whole picture?  Morten was obviously aware of her ability with energy.  How did he know about her?  As best she could recall, her mother never mentioned him or gave any hint at belonging to a secret organization.  She couldn’t recall him visiting their home when she was growing up.  So how did he know so much?
For a moment, she felt angry.  It was beginning to feel as though others, like Morten, the ‘tweenlings, her mother and Adele, knew more about her life than she did herself!  She wanted answers now!  She wanted the whole story before she would commit to anything.
The more she let her frustration build, her pace quickened, her heart raced, and her body heated up.  Suddenly, a gust of wind hit her head on.  She heard the ‘tweenlings but it wasn’t one, unified voice that spoke to her clearly.  This time it was like a thousand voices, all whispering different things, all trying to draw her attention in different directions.  It was confusing; she felt pulled in multiple directions at once.  Their energy swirled around her with more force than she had felt before.  They pushed at her body and spun around her head, making her dizzy.
A wave of nausea washed over her and she thought she was going to vomit.  The intensity of it grew and Loki had no choice but to drop to her knees on the ground.  She curled into a fetal position on her side and pressed her arms to her gut.  Their energy washed back and forth through her body, like waves crashing into the seashore, pushing and pulling at her.  It was rough at first but then it slowly diminished.  Loki lay on the ground for several more minutes before the motion subsided and the nausea left her.
“What was that about?!?” she spoke to the air.
He ask us to, miss.  We scrub you good!
Morten?  Loki sat up.  She was perplexed.  The dizziness was gone.  She stood and looked around, wondering if she would be hit with another blast of wind.
It be okay, miss.
What have I gotten myself into?  Everything that happens and everyone I speak to, just leaves me with more questions.  She let her mind wander loosely over the things she had been thinking about before she was knocked off her feet and realized they didn’t seem quite as important now.  Of course, she was still curious but it wasn’t as pressing.
Suddenly, her decision wasn’t hanging on getting answers.  In fact, she even felt a tinge of excitement.  She remembered how she had always yearned for some other alternative, something more meaningful than pursuing the dark arts or the light force or living as a commoner.  She had wished for something else and, all of a sudden, here it was!  Dumped in her lap.  Handed to her on a platter!
She was filled with the knowingness that she was going to join the Overseers.  There was no other explanation except that it simply felt like the right thing.  She would help.
Oiyeah!  Oiyeah!!
Just then, something feathery brushed her cheek again.  Her hand reached for her face.  She physically sensed a presence and turned in her tracks, expecting someone else to be nearby but there was no one.
The ‘tweenlings giggled.
“You’re laughing at me, aren’t you?”
Not us, miss.  Giggle.
Loki rolled her eyes and headed back toward the cottage.

NINE

_______________


Morten wasn’t outside so Loki stepped into the cottage.  She saw him lying on a mat in the main room, with his back to the front door.  He must be asleep, she thought.  She tip-toed a few steps to see if his eyes were closed but then she thought of how uncomfortable she’d feel if he woke to see her peering over him.  She considered making a sound to wake him but then decided against it.  Quietly, she stepped back outside and closed the door.
She sat on the ground and leaned against the outside wall of the house.  The sun was directly overhead now, providing light and warmth to the whole canyon.  Almost too much warmth, thought Loki.  Such a contradiction to the chill she felt earlier in the morning.  The rock wall was absorbing the heat and the uninterrupted rays from the sun were intense.
She rested her head against the wall and had just closed her eyes when she heard horses.  As they came into sight, she saw her mother and Adele, joined by two other riders.  They dismounted next to the stream and tethered their horses in the shade.
Loki stood as they approached.  Adele walked hurriedly and led the two neophytes toward the cottage.  Gwynn stayed back with the horses.
Adele stopped in front of Loki and made the introductions as she motioned with her hand first to the girl.  “Loki, this is Waysu an’ this is Kado.”  For their benefit, she pointed her thumb and said, “Loki.”  She turned back to Loki and asked, “Where is Morten?”
Loki had just opened her mouth to explain that he was inside sleeping when the door flung open.
“Welcome,” cried Morten.  “Kado, Waysu, come inside.”  He smiled and glanced sideways at Loki and then looked at her mother, who was adjusting the saddle of her horse.  As if he knew Loki and her mother needed to talk, Morten addressed her.  “Come in when you’re ready.”
Seeing the smug grin on his face, Loki couldn’t help wondering whether Morten already knew her answer and whether he had pretended to be sleeping when she went inside to talk with him.  She couldn’t pinpoint it but something was different about Morten.  She studied him through squinted eyes as he waved the others inside and closed the door and she had the sense that he knew more about her than he let on.
Loki turned on her heels and walked to where her mother was tightening the strap on one of the stirrups.  She was certain her mother heard her approach and so she remained quiet, waiting for Gwynn to say something…but she didn’t.
“Mother.”
Gwynn glanced up at her.  “Yes, Loki?”  Then she returned her focus to the stirrup.
“Why didn’t you ever tell me about the Overseers?”
Gwynn let go of the strap and turned to face her.  “It’s a secret order.  Besides, I didn’t want to influence you.  This has to be your decision.”  She turned back to her horse and pretended to make other adjustments.
She truly didn’t want to influence her daughter.  If Loki joined, there were risks and it could get dangerous.  She was also concerned about what to do if Loki didn’t join.  Gwynn felt a responsibility to the Overseers and had resolved that she would do her part to help prevent the crystal from falling into the wrong hands.  She knew, with all of her being, that she must do all she could this time.  The forces of dark and light wouldn’t be getting close to the crystal now if she had destroyed the journal when she had the chance.  She had it in her very hands, although she didn’t know at the time what it was but she still felt responsible.
She didn’t know what she would do with Loki if she decided not to join the Overseers.  Sending Loki back home wasn’t an option.  Perhaps she could stay with Adele for a short time but even that might be risky, depending on how this played out.
She glanced back at her daughter and noticed her looking at the ground, a lopsided grin spread across her face.
“What’s so funny?” asked Gwynn.
Loki popped her head up, her concentration broken by Gwynn’s question, and gave a full smile.
“You are good at keeping secrets.  When I think back to conversations we’ve had over the years and growing up with you and father, I never, ever, would have suspected you were part of something like this!”  Loki glanced back at the ground and her eyes shifted as though she were watching childhood memories play out in the dirt.  “And, you know how to use a sword!”  Her head shook back and forth to emphasize her disbelief.
Gwynn turned back to her horse and checked the straps once again.  “Well, we’ll see how good I am after all this time.”
“He didn’t know, did he?”
“Who?”
“Father.”
Her voice was so soft when she responded that Loki had to strain to hear her.  “No.”
Loki’s expression turned somber.  “You owe me an explanation, Mother.  You’ve obviously kept many things from me.”
This was the part that Gwynn didn’t relish.  Now that her true identity had been revealed, she couldn’t help but feel the weight of living a less-than-truthful life with her daughter.  It didn’t bother her that her husband didn’t know that she was part of a secret order or that Elwyn and Tannis didn’t know.  For some reason, it felt different with Loki and it bothered her.
“I’m sorry, Loki.  I had no choice.  Sometimes we make decisions but don’t realize, until much farther down the road, the situation we’ve created.  I do owe you an explanation but it’s going to have to wait.”
Loki wasn’t surprised by her answer.  With Adele’s hurried movements and, since Morten wasn’t giving her much time to make a decision, she knew there wasn’t time for a heart-to-heart talk with her mother.
“You are a mystery, Mother, but I guess there will be time to figure it out since I’m joining the Overseers!”
Gwynn stepped forward to face Loki and put her hands on her shoulders, her face drawn with concern.  “Are you sure this is what you want?”
Thinking back to the nauseated scrubbing performed by the ‘tweenlings, she replied, “Apparently I am.”
Gwynn hugged her daughter.  With her arm around Loki’s shoulders, they went inside the house to join the others.

TEN

_______________


When Gwynn and Loki stepped into the cottage, they found the others sitting around the table, talking.  Morten glanced up and smiled that knowing smile that could also pass for being smug.
“She’s joining us,” offered Gwynn.
Morten grabbed the back of the chair and pulled himself upright.  “Yes.  Yes, I know.
“I came inside to ask you some questions but you were sleeping,” Loki said, wondering whether this would prompt a confession.
Morten waved his hand through the air.  “Baah!  Questions!  They only lead to more questions.”  He stepped toward Loki and gazed at her with those deep blue eyes.  “But you got past your questions, didn’t you?”  He lightly tapped the side of her head with the tip of his index finger.  “You went beyond your questions to where you knew.”
“Well, I did have some help.”  She stared into his blue eyes, looking for some acknowledgement that he was aware of what she was speaking about but it wasn’t there.
He smiled and rested the palm of his hand on top of her head.  Then he said, “Sometimes we just need to stop thinking in order to let what we really want to reveal itself to us.”
Where his hand rested on her head, Loki felt heat and a jolt of energy.  All of a sudden, she and Morten were connected, telepathically.  She felt him in her mind again but it wasn’t as intrusive as before.  The energy flowed openly and willingly between them.  Any resistance she previously had was gone.
She looked into his eyes and held his gaze.  She felt the essence of who he was - a simple man but strong in spirit.  There was no need to speak.  Any words she could think to utter seemed insignificant at the moment, compared to the deep sense of knowingness that suddenly filled her being.  There was no question in her mind that she made the right choice to join the Overseers.
Morten pulled his hand back but the warmth on her head remained and her scalp tingled.  She almost reached up to touch it but didn’t want it to stop.
“Thank you,” he said as he held her gaze a moment longer.  Loki felt his sincerity.  She gave a slight nod to acknowledge his gratitude.
Morten turned back to the others at the table.  Loki glanced at Kado and Waysu and wondered if Morten had touched their heads as well.  Waysu was staring at the table but from the glazed, dreamy look in her eyes, she seemed to be someplace far away.  Loki looked at Kado and studied his face.
He had a rugged jaw with a hint of a beard.  His lips parted to reveal perfectly white teeth.  She noticed he was smiling and moved her gaze upward, to his eyes.  He was looking right at her.  She wasn’t sure why but she suddenly felt self-conscious.  She grinned slightly and quickly averted her gaze.
Morten loudly clasped his hands together.  “Okay.  Let’s go.”
The clap abruptly broke the tranquil atmosphere in the house.  Waysu visibly flinched as she was snapped out of her daydream.
Loki stepped back, out of the way of the front door, expecting Morten to exit the house and lead the way.  Instead, he walked in the opposite direction, toward the back of the house.  Loki frowned.  She knew there were only two small bedrooms back there, so where could he be taking them?
Gwynn approached Adele and gave her a hug.  “May the wind guide your way, sister.
“An’ may ya’ be receptive to the truth,” Adele said.
Waysu and Kado followed Morten.  Gwynn motioned for her daughter to do the same and then followed behind.  When Morten reached the back wall, between the two bedrooms, he stopped.
The stone wall looked like normal rock, with grooves and uneven surfaces.  Morten slid his hand over the surface, apparently searching for a particular spot.  Then his hand stopped and he slid his finger into a depression and lightly pressed.
Without warning, the ground beneath their feet started vibrating.  Loki, Kado and Waysu all startled at the sensation and looked around at each other.  The vibration wasn’t strong but Waysu reached for the wall behind her and picked up her feet, one at a time, as if the feeling was uncomfortable.  Loki noticed Kado sniffing the air, like he smelled something.  She took a whiff but didn’t detect any odor.  She glanced between her mother and Morten and saw unconcerned faces watching the wall.  So she watched it, too.
The huge rock slab pivoted and quietly swung open to reveal steps carved into stone, leading upward.  As soon as the rock door was open, the vibration stopped.  The uneven steps were crudely shaped and the stairwell was dimly lit.  From where Loki stood, the rock ceiling blocked her view of the top of the stairs so she couldn’t tell how far they climbed.
Morten stepped through the opening and, one by one, the others followed and climbed upward.  Gwynn, following at the tail end, pressed another spot on the wall above the first step.  The ground vibrated as the door closed behind them, leaving Adele alone on the other side.
They climbed slowly.  The passage was narrow, forcing them to go in a single file.  Loki was behind Kado and noticed how his wide shoulders took up most of the space, with only a few inches to spare on either side before brushing against the craggy surface.  The air was a bit stale, with no movement.  In fact it was so still, the sounds of their footsteps were slightly muffled.  Occasionally, Loki heard Kado sniffling and wondered whether he had a cold.
The lighting was soft, with a yellowish hue, and Loki assumed that there were candles in the stairwell but when she raised her head to look up the wall, she saw something different.  At regular intervals, there were small golden objects that spun between two pieces of metal fixed to the wall.  The spinning objects were the source of light.
She climbed a few more steps to the next light when her curiosity got the best of her.  She reached up to touch the object.  Her fingers interrupted its spin, causing it to wobble and fall out of its orbit.  Loki barely caught it in her hand as they were thrown into semi-darkness.
“What happened?” asked Waysu.  “Ow.”
“Oh, excuse me,” replied Kado.  “I couldn’t see where you were.”
“It’s okay, everyone.  Give your eyes a moment to adjust to the light up ahead.  I’ll send Garmund down to replace that one,” Morten explained.
Gwynn reached for Loki from behind and felt for the crystal in her hand.  “I’ll take that.”
She reached past Loki and felt along the wall until she found the metal.  She placed the crystal between the two brackets and released it.  Immediately, it started turning, slowly.  Sporadic bursts of faint light emitted from the object at first but as it increased in momentum, the light grew steady.
Loki noticed that the spinning crystal didn’t actually touch the metal brackets but was suspended between them, in mid air.
“Oh, that’s better,” replied Morten.  “Let’s continue.”
“Sorry,” Loki said.
“Curiosity gets us all at one time or another,” Morten said.  “Although, these crystals do burn out occasionally and have to be recharged.”
They continued in silence, only the muffled sound of their footsteps and exerted breathing carried through the narrow space.  Loki tried to peer around Kado and past Waysu and Morten to see how close they were to the top but it appeared the steps went on forever.  After awhile, she quit looking ahead and became mesmerized by the cadence of their march.
Without warning, they reached the top and the area opened into a large cavern.  They all panted from the climb but after a moment, their breathing returned to normal and Loki looked around.  She saw more of the spinning crystals spaced around the perimeter of the cavern.  It felt like there was slight movement in the air and it smelled fresher but Loki couldn’t see any openings to the outside.  She heard Kado sniff the air again.
Morten motioned to a stone table at the edge of the cave.  “Help yourselves to a snack.  We’ll rest here for a moment.”
Gwynn walked over, picked up a pitcher and poured them each a glass of water.  In the center of the table was a large platter full of flatbread, fruit and nuts.  They helped themselves to the food and sat on stone benches to rest.
Morten pointed to a rack across the cavern from where they sat, which contained thick woolen capes.  “Help yourselves to a wrap.  It gets chilly in here.”
They nibbled on the food in silence and after a short time Morten stood and helped himself to a cape.  The others took this to mean that the rest period was over so they selected their own wraps.
“Let’s continue,” Morten said.
There was an interesting play of light in the cavern that made all the walls appear solid, as if they were at a dead end.  As Morten led them closer to a particular spot, the distinct shape of an archway became visible.  They passed through it and found themselves in a tunnel, lit by the same spinning gems.  At the end of the tunnel were two sets of coarsely carved stairs, one leading up and the other leading down.
Morten stopped in between the stairways and faced Gwynn.  He pointed up.  “You go on ahead.  We’ll catch up with you later.”  Then referring to the three new members, he added, “They must first come to know who and what they are protecting.”

ELEVEN

_______________


It felt as though they were going down more stairs than they had initially climbed and Loki imagined they were entering the very depths of the mountain, even beyond, into the bowels of the earth itself.  She had been thinking of the solid earth above and around them.  Feelings of claustrophobia settled into her awareness, like an oppressive fog settling on the ground, and her breathing quickened slightly.  It was cool inside the earth but she kept wiping beads of perspiration from her forehead.  She had to consciously force herself to relax.
They stepped down to a level, circular area that was surrounded by carved archways, each leading in different directions.  Loki glanced around, wondering where they led, as she absent-mindedly followed in step behind Kado, not really paying attention to where they were headed.
She wondered how much time the Overseers spent inside the earth and had doubts about how well she could tolerate it.  For a fleeting moment, she wanted to panic and shoved the urge back down beneath her awareness.  She glanced at the arches that softly showed hints of light defining the openings.  She conjured up an image, that each opening was an exit that led up and out of the earth to bright sunshine and fresh air.  She imagined feeling the warmth of the sun on her face and taking in breaths of pure, crisp air.  She sighed as she pulled herself out of the daydream and back to the chilly, dark cave.
Waysu faced the solid wall, in between two of the arches, and Loki heard Morten’s muffled voice say, “Just step through it.”
Loki looked around, wondering why Morten’s voice sounded distant but he was nowhere in sight.  She glanced back at Waysu and, not only was Waysu gone, but she swore Kado had just walked through solid rock.  She blinked several times, thinking her eyes were playing tricks on her.
She stood there, alone, and studied the wall.  It certainly had the appearance of being solid and looked the same as all the other walls.  Slowly, she reached out with her hand to touch the surface when, all of a sudden, a hand reached from the other side, grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her through.
Loki gasped as she was jerked forward.  She faltered and almost fell but was caught.  Kado’s strong arms wrapped around her and lifted her to her feet.
“Sorry,” he said as he gazed into her eyes.  “I didn’t mean to pull so hard.”
Loki felt her cheeks get hot and she pushed herself away from him.  She hoped, in the dim light, that he couldn’t see how it flustered her.  To mask it further, she looked down and pretended to brush herself off, as if she had just fallen to the ground and was covered in dirt.  Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Waysu watching from several paces ahead but as soon as Loki’s eyes met hers, Waysu turned away and continued walking.
“I don’t need your help.”  As soon as the words left her mouth, Loki realized it was louder than she had intended.  She didn’t know what else to say so she turned and followed Waysu.  This time, Kado brought up the rear.
The passageway widened slightly but grew darker as they continued.  They entered another cavern that looked like it was used for storage.  Shelves, packed haphazardly with junk lined the walls.  Wooden crates, with their lids turned at angles as though someone had just rummaged through them, were scattered on the floor.
Morten stepped to one of the crates and slid the lid farther to the side.  He reached in and pulled out lanterns.  He lit them and passed one along to each person.  He held a finger to his mouth, indicating for them to be quiet, and motioned for them to follow.
They left the storage room and were quickly swallowed by darkness, except for the dim light provided by the lanterns.  There were no more spinning crystals on the walls to light the way.  The air stirred as though something moved through it, like hundreds of feathers swishing back and forth, but it quickly stopped.
They took a few more steps, the dirt on the cave floor quietly scrunching underneath their feet.  Light from the lanterns didn’t extend far, as if the darkness purposely blocked them from seeing what was around them.  Morten stopped and the others stood close.
Loki extended her arm and held the lantern out farther, wanting to see their surroundings.  To their right, the wall wasn’t far away and the lantern barely illuminated its surface.  She began to swing the light in the opposite direction when she thought she saw something and swung it back to have another look.
The wall of the cave appeared to be a normal, earthen wall with dips and protrusions on its surface but as Loki held the light close to it, the wall moved, as if its surface were alive with brown shapes trying to shake off the beam.
Loki startled and jumped back, almost dropping her lantern.  Morten reached out with a firm grasp to steady her.  He motioned for them to extinguish their flames.  They followed his lead and were instantly drowned in pitch blackness.  Then he began to sing.
“The darkness may hide you, oh lovers of life, but friends are among you now.  Come out, come out.  Let your colors be seen, by those who have taken the vow.”
Nothing happened.  All was silent and the darkness was so complete, not a speck of light could be seen, even though Loki’s eyes searched desperately for some illumination.
After a moment, something stirred the air and sound filled the space, like the chime of millions of tiny bells.  Light began to appear, faint at first, then erupting into a golden hue that flashed intermittently.   Initially, it appeared that the light source blinked but it quickly became obvious that it remained fixed, on the walls and ceiling of a huge cave.  The sporadic flashes were caused by movement in front of the walls and ceiling.
Soon, the cave was as radiant as a late summer afternoon, when the sun’s rays softly wash everything in amber.  Something, or many things, flew through the air like a great mass of butterflies swirling, twisting and turning together, as one unit.
Morten held out his hand.  One of the flying creatures broke out of formation and landed on his palm.  It was a tiny human-like figure, about six inches tall, with wings slightly taller than its body.  The wings were multi-colored, like a mosaic with each color outlined in stark, velvety black.  Its dark eyes were round and large for its tiny face.
Loki realized she was looking at a fairy!  The Fairies of the Grotto!
“It’s beautiful!” whispered Waysu, as she extended her finger to touch it.
Suddenly, the colors on the fairy’s wings melded into one color, a blushing crimson.  Its wings shook ever so slightly.
Morten spoke softly.  “They’re shy, until they get to know you.”
Waysu pulled her hand back, realizing she was making the fairy nervous.  It leapt off of Morten’s hand.  The patches of color outlined by black returned as it joined the others in their flying dance.  The group stood silently and watched the display of spiraling twists and turns that were choreographed in perfect unison, as if the fairies all followed some silent language that led them in their moves.
The fairies flew to a different part of the cave and Morten motioned for the group to follow.  The walls, which had previously been covered by the winged beings, were coated with layers of glowing crystals similar to the spinning ones that lit the path to the cave.
They entered another chamber, smaller than the first, and the ceiling was much lower.  Some of the fairies were bunched together in a blob, like a swarm of bees, in front of the opposite wall.  The harmonious sound of delicate bells chiming suddenly changed.  It wasn’t as smooth and melodic and gave Loki the sense that the fairies were agitated or nervous.  The pitch was higher.
The swarm moved outward to create an opening in the center of the blob, which revealed a cavity in the opposite wall.  Like all the other walls, it was coated with crystals, but in the middle was a large, richly colored dark amber crystal that stood out from all the others.  It pulsated with light and emitted a low hum, like a beating heart pumping blood through the veins of the cave.
All of a sudden, Loki felt an incredible urge to reach out and touch it, like an invisible force was pulling her toward it.  She glanced at Waysu and Kado, wondering if they felt the same thing.  She wasn’t sure but by the odd look on their faces, she knew they felt something.
Morten took Kado’s hand to place it on the crystal and when Kado nearly touched it, he pulled back slightly, as if he was surprised by what he felt.
“It’s all right.  Go ahead.”  Morten stepped back to let Kado place his own hand on the crystal.
Loki studied Kado’s face.  After he got over the initial surprise of whatever he felt, he smiled.  Then he let out a long, content sigh, as if he had just sipped hot cocoa after coming in out of a freezing winter blizzard.  Then, suddenly, the expression on his face was serious and from there, it got worse.  He moaned and Loki thought it sounded like he was in pain.  Morten reached over and yanked Kado’s hand off of the crystal.  All of this happened within a span of no more than a minute or two.  Loki looked into his eyes.  They looked different.  It reminded her of the look in her mother’s eyes after her father killed himself and the dark force came to claim his soul.  Was this the look of someone who had seen death?
Loki caught Morten’s eye and he nodded slightly toward the crystal, indicating it was her turn.  She looked at the crystal with its dark, rich gold-orange color, pulsing with light and sound.  It was beautiful and she felt it pulling her into its aura.  She glanced at Morten again and he smiled slightly and nodded again.
Loki stepped forward and raised her hand.  The pull was getting stronger, as if the crystal had a power that was willing her to touch it.  She let the force pull her hand to its smooth, cool surface.  Then it was as if someone had just inserted visual images and impressions directly into her mind.  She understood that the crystal was the life force of the cave.  It contained a powerful energy which gave vitality to all the other crystals in the caves as well as to the fairies.  It was their sun, their sustenance.  She felt a wholeness she had never experienced.  It was pure contentment.
Then as soon as she reached that point, it changed.  Her next vision showed the crystal broken off from its location and it was dull and dark.  Oddly enough, though, it still had power but Loki felt it reverse.  Instead of giving life-affirming energy, it was sucking life away from everything else.  All other crystals in the cave turned dull and dark as well.  Then she saw the fairies die.  The crystal grew more powerful but in a negative way and its reach went farther, to take life from the land.  Plants and trees were dying.  Intense winds blew across the barren land creating dust storms.  Nothing grew anymore.  Animals were dying and people were starving.  Loki moaned at the devastation.  It was more than she could bear.  She didn’t want to see anymore.
Morten grabbed her hand and pulled it off of the crystal.  It was Waysu’s turn.  She bravely stepped forward and placed her own hand on the crystal, knowing that she needed to see for herself what the others had seen.
After the neophytes were imparted with the understanding about the crystal, the fairies swarmed together to block their view.  They understood that no human could gaze at it for very long without being affected by its raw power.
The experience left Loki, Waysu and Kado speechless.  Morten gazed into their eyes and was satisfied with what he saw.  No one can view the destruction that they observed without being profoundly impacted by it.

TWELVE

_______________


Tannis, Guardians of Light
Northland

Tannis set the ancient script on the table, careful not to let the oil in his skin cause further deterioration.  The old pages had obviously been handled by countless hands over the years – many who took little care to preserve the book.  Some pages were no longer held by the binding and were loosely tucked in between other pages.
Markus, the headmaster of the Guardians of Light, nervously paced back and forth in his quarters, impatiently waiting for Tannis to speak.  His second in command, Noya, stood by the door and watched Tannis with skeptical eyes.
Tannis blocked out everything around him, until there was nothing in the room except the pages in front of him.  He was good at tuning out peripheral details, focusing only on what mattered.  Sometimes he saw what others missed.  Or perhaps it was that he had a special connection with the light, allowing him to see things that others weren’t allowed to see.  Markus didn’t know the real reason for Tannis’s talent and he really didn’t care, as long as his talent helped extract the truth from the journal.
After all the years and generations of searching for the crystal, Markus was at odds with himself and was about to give up.  Tannis might be his last opportunity.  Markus was getting on in years, although he wasn’t old by any means.  Still, he had a sense that he might not have much time left in this world; at least, that’s what his dreams had been telling him.  He’d had an issue with his heart since he was a young boy and suspected he inherited his father’s weak heart valves that didn’t always open when they should.  Even though he hadn’t had any visible problems for some time, something felt different.  Maybe it was his imagination – maybe it was a sixth sense – but he found himself questioning how much energy he had left for finding this illusive rock.
Markus knew that Noya didn’t think as highly of Tannis as he did.  She did nothing to hide her disapproval over his decision to bring Tannis into the inner workings of the Guardians.  In certain moments, when he and Tannis worked closely together, he had the impression that Noya’s feelings bordered on jealousy.
She’d just have to get over it.  More than anything, Markus wanted the crystal and Noya knew it.  He dreamed of the good it would do, to bring peace and harmony to the land and its people, to be rid of the Brethren of Darkness once and for all, to set right all the wrongs he had seen in the world.  More than anything, he wanted this to be his legacy.  He wanted to be known as the leader who brought about peace and happiness for all the people.
Knowing that Markus and Noya watched him with high expectations, Tannis still managed to block them out of his awareness.  He wanted to prove himself to Markus, and if he succeeded at this, he might even win over Noya’s trust.
He held in his hand a tiny, gold crystal shard, said to be of the same essence as the one they sought.  He lit the candle before him and gently opened the book to pages that had reference to what they hoped was a location.  He then sprinkled a line of salt on the table to create a semi-circular border that encompassed the candle and booklet but was open near him, which allowed him to be part of the circle.
His lips moved silently as he recited an incantation, asking the light to allow him to see.  The flame on the candle flickered as if in response to his request.  His gaze settled on the pages, noticing where the ink had faded in areas, erasing many critical details.
Within moments, an apparition appeared of a woman with flowing hair.  She held her arms out toward Tannis, welcoming him into her embrace.  He admired her beauty and wisdom and silently thanked the Empress of Light for revealing herself.
The vision started with a soft white light that swirled in the space between him and the Empress.  He softened his gaze, as if entering a daydream, so that he could see what she had to show him rather than only seeing the light itself.  Suddenly, the way opened before him and he looked down at the paper as if he were the one writing the words himself, allowing himself to take on the essence of its author, a man.  His vision only showed the forearm and hand that scribbled on blank paper.  He had the sense that he was writing in a journal, documenting his travels across the countryside.
...I looked down from where I stood on the steep hillside.  Not wanting to venture back up from where I came, lest I find myself with broken bones at the bottom of this steep mountain, I decided to continue downward.  I saw below me a beautiful lake, lying pristinely at the base of the cliff.  To make my way down, it was necessary at times to press my body between crevices in large boulders, nearly getting stuck at one point.  Approximately twenty feet above the water, I realized there was no place to descend except into the water.  With much distress, I scrambled horizontally along the base of the mountain, when I came upon an unusual find.
What I write next is surely kept between me and these pages.  Should my family and friends hear me speak of this, they would certainly deem me mad, to say the least.  Nonetheless, there was an unusual crevice where, it appeared, a flat slice of boulder had separated from the cliff.  Beautifully formed crystals lined the gap.  They weren’t white, or pink, or clear, or smoky colored as one might expect of quartz.  They were a golden color and reflected brilliantly as the sun’s rays shone upon them.
Immediately, I was overcome with awe and had to touch them!  As soon as I placed my hand into the crevice, lord help me, I found myself INSIDE the earth!  I wonder myself if I have gone mad.  I am perspiring profusely, and my heart beats nervously, as I write about this experience.
I felt drawn into the earth, as though energy, not of my own, had pulled me right through the rock.  The cavern was illuminated with some sort of light, as though candles had been lit all throughout.  However, the source of the light came from the very walls and ceiling, which were lined with these golden, luminescent crystals.
Suddenly, Tannis heard the sound of a knock on the door.  He looked up, as though it came from Markus’s door but he realized he was still in his altered state because the room he saw was not Markus’s.  It was the bedchamber of the journal’s author.  The author slammed the journal shut.  The Empress of Light instantly disappeared which caused Tannis to abruptly be thrown out of the vision.
His head spun at the sudden shift and even though he was sitting, he grabbed the edge of the table to steady himself.
Markus ran to his side.  “Get him some water,” he ordered Noya.  “Quickly!”
She did as she was told and handed it to Markus.
“Here, drink this.”
Tannis took the glass.  Drinking the cool liquid brought him back to his body.  He took several more gulps and set the glass down, feeling slightly more grounded.
“What happened?” Markus pressed.
Tannis tried to speak but it took a moment for his voice to return.  He cleared his throat.  “There was a noise and I was abruptly thrown out of the vision.”
“But did you learn anything?”
“It’s on the side of a mountain, above a lake.”
Markus straightened up and retreated several steps to a chair, into which he slowly lowered himself.  He stared at the floor and sounded disappointed when he spoke.
“We’ve searched above, below and around all the lakes in these mountains...everything but going into the lakes themselves.  Hundreds of our brothers and sisters have searched over the years, to no avail.”  He looked at Tannis, his eyes more weary than before.  “Do you have any more details than that?”
Tannis gazed at him as he remembered the words in the journal.  “The lake is at the base of a mountain.  Boulders, or a cliff, are directly above the lake.  The writing described a crevice between two rocks where the crystals were visible in daylight.  He put his hand into the crevice and was pulled into the earth, into a cave that was fully lit by crystals.”
Tannis felt Noya’s glare and met her eyes.  “I’m telling the truth.  This is what the vision showed me.”
Noya said nothing.  Markus stared at the floor for several moments more.  Then he looked at Tannis.
“But where?  Where is this lake?  We’ve searched throughout this whole mountain range.”
Tannis thought for a moment.  “What about the Great Mountains, to the south of us?”
Markus shook his head.  “We looked.  There are no lakes around their base, only streams, fed by the glaciers. A couple small ponds exist up high, near the glaciers, but it’s nearly impossible to reach them, unless you’re a mountain goat.”
Tannis was eager to give Markus what he wanted but the vision hadn’t provided enough information.  “I will enter another vision.  I will find this lake for you, Sir Markus.  I swear!  Let me get some rest this evening and I will come back in the morning.”
Markus nodded his head slightly.  Tannis felt helpless because there was nothing more he could say or do at this time.  He stood, bowed his head slightly to Markus, and headed for the door.
He felt Noya’s eyes on him as he approached it.  He glanced at her and, for a moment, questioned whether she was going to step aside and let him out.  Her stare was intense and he held her gaze.  She looked like she was about to say something but he caught the slight movement in her gaze as she gave a fleeting look in Markus’s direction.  Apparently, she thought twice about saying what was on her mind.  The look on her face changed slightly from anger to what appeared to Tannis as resignation.  She stepped aside and Tannis left the room, quietly closing the door behind him.

THIRTEEN

_______________


Tannis retreated to his room, overcome with exhaustion and discouragement.  The visions required a lot of physical strength and could prove to be dangerous if one was to get too drawn in to the other reality.  It required a constant balance, keeping enough energy in the body to stay in the present moment while allowing some of one’s vital life force to leave the body and bring the other reality to life.  If one let too much attention and energy enter the vision, it might be a one-way trip.
He had high expectations that today’s vision would reveal the information they needed.  He was certain that he’d be giving Markus good news.  He had felt it in his bones.  More than anything, he hated to see that look of disappointment on Markus’s face.  Plus, he wanted to gain Noya’s trust.  It was all too obvious that she didn’t agree with Markus’s decision to involve him but he was determined to prove her wrong.
Tannis lay down on his bed and almost drifted off to sleep when the door opened.  Anton, his roommate, entered the room.
“Hey, brother.  Are you sick?”
“No.  Just tired.”
“It’s almost time for the evening meal,” Anton said.
“That’s okay.  You go on ahead.  I’m not hungry.”  Tannis closed his eyes again.
Anton stood in the middle of their scanty room, which was plainly furnished with two beds, a small desk and even tinier table with a washbasin sitting on it.  He folded his arms across his chest and studied Tannis.
“What’s bothering you?  Oh wait...” Anton dramatically put the back of his hand to his forehead, as if it helped him read Tannis’s thoughts, “let me see.  Could it be?  Nah, it couldn’t.  Well...maybe.”  He lowered his hand and looked at Tannis more seriously.  “The hunt for the infamous crystal of power!  Geez, it’s got everyone on edge, including our fearless leader.”
“Let me be, Anton.  I need some rest.”
Ignoring his request, Anton sat on the edge of his own bed and faced Tannis, his elbows resting on his knees with his hands clasped.  “I’m starting to think it isn’t real, Tannis.”
Tannis opened his eyes and studied his roommate.  “You don’t mean that!”
“Why not?  After all, they’ve searched every square inch of every lake and pond in these mountains.  In fact, we’ve been in this drought for so long, the lakes are so low, they’ve probably searched more area than what was visible when that text was written, long, long ago.  Personally, I think Markus is about to give up on it.”
Tannis glared at his roommate.  He didn’t want to believe it although, to be honest, the same thought had crossed his mind but he wouldn’t allow himself to give it much credence.  He wanted to help Markus succeed.  He wanted it so much it occupied his thoughts all the time.  Tannis rolled onto his side, facing the wall.
“Go eat, Anton.”
His roommate shrugged and stood up.  “If you insist.”
After Anton left, Tannis realized he didn’t feel like sleeping anymore.  He rolled onto his back and stared obliquely at the drab ceiling overhead.  He thought back to the vision.  It was so real!  The person writing the journal truly believed what he wrote.  Tannis felt the author’s conviction with all of his being.
He’d enter another vision in the morning.  Hopefully it would reveal more pertinent information.  There had to be something that was overlooked.  Even though some of the written words in the journal had faded over the years and certain pages had pieces torn out, it revealed enough information to let them know the entrance to the cavern was near the base of a mountain, above a lake; that part was certain.
He tried, in vain, to look at it from a whole new perspective – to see it with new eyes.  He thought back over everything he knew and something stirred at the back of his mind; some small detail that wanted to surface.  Maybe it was something that Anton said, but as he thought about their conversation, he became agitated at how easily Anton gave up.  He saw that Anton didn’t have the faith in Markus that he did and he wanted to judge Anton for that.  It was critical that all members of the Guardians keep positive thoughts and openly support their leader, without question.
The more Tannis thought, the more his mood soured.  He realized he was too tired to be putting his energy into this now.  Irritably, he rolled onto his side and drifted off into a fitful sleep.

~~~
Tannis walked the land alone, holding the reins of his horse as it trailed behind him.  It was dusk and the sky was full of dark, billowy clouds.  He knew it was about to rain; he could taste the humidity in the air.  He had been searching for weeks, alone, and didn’t want to go back to the Guardians empty handed.  He was determined to search until he found the crystal but he was drained.
He looked for an area to stop for the night, somewhere that would provide protection from the approaching storm.  He found a tree, with a large canopy, and tethered his horse where it could nibble on grass.
It was difficult for him to relax.  For several days he’d had the sense that he was being followed but never saw anyone.  He had even backtracked a couple of times, looking for tracks or other signs of a human presence but found nothing.
He sat on the ground and leaned against the tree, wrapping his blanket tightly around himself.  He looked at his bag on the ground, tempted to eat some of the remaining jerky but decided against it.  He was almost out of food and needed to ration it more carefully.  The light was fading quickly, except for the occasional streak of lightening that lit the sky above the mountain.
Suddenly, in a bolt of light, he was aware of someone standing nearby.  It was hard to see the face underneath the hooded cloak.
“Who’s there?” he demanded.
“It’s me, Tannis.  Elwyn.”
“Go home, Elwyn.  You don’t belong here.”  He was suddenly overcome with a lifetime of irritation at how his sister had always followed him around.  She spied on him and, if he was up to something their father would not approve of, she made sure that Tannis received the blame.  But, in times when he did something that interested her, she cunningly lured just enough information out of him to figure out where he was headed.  Then she would pretend to lose interest but, in reality, stayed one step ahead of him and beat him to his goal.  It drove him crazy!
Elwyn didn’t budge.  “You’re getting close Tannis...very close.”
His guard dropped and he suddenly felt hope in her words.  “How do you know that?”
“You know you are.  You’re just missing one small detail.”
He despised how she played on his emotions – so manipulative.  She always knew what he wanted most and dangled it in front of him, letting him smell the possibility of whatever it was, until she coaxed enough information out of him.  Then, before he could stop himself, she had what she needed to get what he was after before he could.
He didn’t want to believe that it was happening again.  Not this time.  He convinced himself that she was right.  He felt like he was on the verge of figuring it out and believed it had to be something obvious but the thought, the clue that he was missing, hadn’t surfaced yet from the far recesses of his brain.
Elwyn began reciting something and her hands moved through the air.  Tannis felt a stirring in his head and knew it couldn’t be good.  He began his own chant, calling upon the light to protect him.
A sudden wave of fatigue washed over him and he had an incredible urge to lie down and sleep.  He needed to stop her and willed himself to snap out of it!  A tinge of power coursed through him as the light began to energize him and the Empress of Light appeared.  He repeated his chant and saw white light swirl around her, creating a barrier of protection.
Elwyn continued with her spell.  It sounded like a different language and her voice made hissing sounds.  Tannis watched as a dark mist formed in front of the Empress and quickly took the form of a black panther.  Its eyes flashed dark amber and it hissed at the light, revealing long sharp fangs.
It startled Tannis and he repeated his chant more fervently but the wild cat was almost in his face.  It lashed out at the light and he watched as the white barrier and the Empress dissipated, bit by bit.  With each hiss, his body grew heavy as if paralysis were setting in, while his head felt as if something were inside, probing around.  He knew he was too late.  Elwyn was far enough into her spell that all Tannis could do was to sit there and powerlessly watch his sister draw out the very thought, like a splinter from his brain, and drop it into a vial.
When Tannis woke the next morning, under the tree, he remembered the visit from Elwyn.  He abruptly sat up and looked around.  She was gone and he had the feeling that she stole something from him.  His horse grazed nearby and his bag was on the ground.  He felt inside and the last scraps of food were still there.  So what had she taken?  His head was foggy and he couldn’t put his finger on exactly what had happened but he knew she took something.  That old familiar feeling of frustration, accompanied by the usual knot in the gut, confirmed for him that she had taken advantage of him once again.

FOURTEEN

_______________


When Tannis first awoke, he was in as much of a sour mood as when he went to sleep the night before, except this time it was the annoying dream about his sister that got under his craw.  He couldn’t help but feel that she took something from him; that she lured critical information out of him – again!  He wanted to punch something!
Strangely enough, at the same time, he felt an underlying sense of optimism but couldn’t pinpoint why.  It was as if he were on the verge of recalling something, some small but obvious detail that would provide a turning point for finding the crystal.  He chose to focus on this instead of his annoying sister.  He had spent enough years letting her get the best of him but, he reminded himself, he left that behind when he left home years ago.  She’s miles away, so why let her ruin my day?  There are more important things to think about.
He brought his attention back to the task at hand and let his mind relax so that whatever detail he thought he was missing would surface.  It’s got to be something simple, he told himself.
Anton was still in bed, with his back to Tannis, so Tannis quietly dressed and snuck out of the room.  He was light on his feet as he headed to breakfast, whistling along the way.  He wanted to eat before meeting with Markus so that he had plenty of energy for the next vision.  He traipsed across the compound and entered the dining hall.
It was early enough that the dining room wasn’t very full; only a smattering of Brothers and Sisters were scattered throughout, eating their morning meal.  Tannis grabbed a plate, piled on some food, and took a seat at an empty table.  He faced the windows, with his back to the dining room, so that he wouldn’t be bothered.  He just wanted to eat in peace and let his mind wander loosely over things.
Halfway through his meal, Anton plopped himself, and his plate of food, down on the opposite side of the table.  Tannis looked up momentarily and then continued with his meal.
“You’re up early this morning,” noted Anton as he broke off a chunk of muffin and popped it into his mouth.
Tannis grunted in reply.
“I thought you’d sleep in after having such an active night.”
Tannis looked across the table, chewing thoughtfully on his bite of food, as he studied his roommate.  He swallowed.  “What are you talking about?”
“You were talking and stirring a lot during the night, so much so that I figured you’d be worn out this morning.”
Tannis wondered if he revealed anything in his sleep that he would regret.  “What did I say?”
“I couldn’t make anything out.  You must have a lot on your mind though.”
Tannis didn’t respond and resumed eating.  He was grateful for the silence as Anton focused on his meal.  Several minutes passed and Anton grabbed his empty plate and stood.
“Oh, by the way.  I didn’t see your name on the duty rosters so I put us both down for going to the village to get supplies today.”
Managing the compound as well as the membership of the Guardians required a lot of work.  Some of the functions were turned into full-time positions which were given to Guardians who exhibited an aptitude for those tasks.  Other day-to-day chores were shared by all the others.  For this, rosters were put out daily and members who weren’t assigned a full-time position were expected to sign themselves up for at least one task.  It was on an honor system and they were good about ensuring all the work got done.
Now and then, someone would be given a special assignment, which relieved them of duty roster sign-up until their assignment was complete.  Tannis was on such an assignment for Markus as long as Markus requested his help with the journal.  It was Markus’s highest priority at the moment, although he asked Tannis to keep it low-key when talking with others.
“Cross off my name.  Someone else will have to join you.”
“Oh.  Are you still on special assignment?” asked Anton.
Tannis looked around them to be sure no one else was within ear shot.  He regretted sharing with Anton that Markus had enlisted his help with finding the crystal.  He hadn’t shared anything more than that but he didn’t want others to know about his special assignment.
In response to Anton’s question, he nodded and then picked up his plate and carried it across the dining hall to where the dirty dishes were collected.  He was a little peeved that he hadn’t had the quiet time at breakfast that he wanted but at least his belly was full and he had energy for the upcoming vision.
He left the dining hall and walked briskly across the compound, heading toward Markus’s quarters.  He took in a deep breath, telling himself to relax, as he mentally prepared for the session with Markus.
Markus obviously trusted Tannis to have brought him into the inner workings of the Guardians.  He had faith in Tannis’s abilities and Tannis wanted nothing more than to repay Markus by giving him what he wanted.  Only select people, over the years, had actually seen the journal or been privy to the writings inside.  After all the years that Tannis had been with the Guardians, he couldn’t have dreamt of a better way to be of service.  He took this opportunity seriously.  He only wished that Noya could recognize that.
Tannis entered the residence hall, the largest building in the compound.  He walked with purpose and kept his eyes low, letting others know by his body language that he didn’t want to be engaged in conversation.  He was aware of passing people, some who were occupied with the daily chores, others who were just coming out of their rooms to start the day.  As he walked the halls, he caught small bits of conversation but did his best to tune it out.  He was focused.  He was ready.
He turned down the last hallway that led to Markus’s quarters.  Only when he was a few doors away, did he allow himself to look up.  Just as he did, Noya came out of Markus’s room, joined by the Guardians’ healer, Traitus.  Noya closed the door behind them and said something to Traitus.
Tannis’s heart sank, like a big hole had opened in his midsection, causing his heart to fall through.  Traitus’s presence couldn’t be a good sign.  As he approached, Traitus acknowledged him with a bow and continued past.  Noya stopped.
“There won’t be a vision today.”
“What’s wrong?  Is Markus all right?”
Noya held his gaze.  “He’ll be fine.  He didn’t sleep last night.  He just needs some rest.  Perhaps in a couple days.”
Tannis wanted to object.  He could still do the vision on his own and let Markus know what came of it.  He was going to ask if he could borrow the journal but as he looked into Noya’s eyes, the intensity of her gaze told him there was no way in hell she would allow him to do that.
“I’ll let you know when he’s well enough,” she added.
She left no room for Tannis to offer any other possibilities.  He felt deflated.  There was nothing left but to turn and walk away so that’s precisely what he did.
He walked through the halls in a daze and, before he knew it, found himself standing in the middle of the compound, staring at nothing.  Now what?  He was so primed to enter the vision but, in a split second, the opportunity fell through his fingers.  It was out of his control.  He needed to do something to pass the time.  He couldn’t just sit around and wait for Markus to rest.  He needed something physical; otherwise, the disappointment would eat at him all day.
He walked over to the clerk’s building where the day’s duty rosters were kept.  He scanned the rosters for the various tasks that were left.  As he looked over the pages, his eyes fell on the sheet for getting supplies from the village.  The slots were filled with names but something wasn’t right.  Anton had said that he signed himself and Tannis up for the task.  Not only did Tannis not see his own name with a line through it but he didn’t see Anton’s name either.  Did he misunderstand Anton?  Was Anton saying that he was going to sign them up?  No.  He was fairly certain Anton said he did sign them up.
He searched the sheets, looking for Anton’s name, and finally spotted it on the roster for stable duty.  He concluded that he obviously heard wrong.  Besides, it’s not like he didn’t have other things on his mind while Anton spoke to him at breakfast.
Tannis continued thumbing through the sheets and saw one that made reference to repairs that were needed on a section of the wall that surrounded the Guardians’ compound.  That sounds physical enough, thought Tannis.  There was only one name listed, that of Brother Timothy.  He had worked with Timothy before, a hard worker but not much of a talker.  That’s perfect!  Tannis scribbled his name down and headed outside.

FIFTEEN

_______________


Elwyn, Brethren of Darkness
Desert

Elwyn stood at the table and used a wooden mortar and pestle to grind the dried plants into a powder.  She felt Hector’s gaze on her and wanted to tell him what he could do with those bulging bulbous eyes of his but she had to remind herself that she had made it this far.  Don’t ruin it now, she thought.
“Grind it finer, Elwyn.  It’s more potent that way,” insisted Hector.
Elwyn forced a cordial smile and nodded her understanding.  He didn’t have to tell her how fine to grind the leaves.  She had been experimenting with its properties since she was a child but Hector wouldn’t know that.  He could never know that.
Elwyn was walking a fine line and had been playing a dangerous game since she joined the Brethren of Darkness.  Her father had taught her what little he knew about the dark arts as she was growing up.  Although, once she got the basics under her belt, unbeknownst to her father she continued her studies on her own and often used her brother Tannis as a guinea pig.  Of course, Tannis wasn’t always a willing participant and he usually didn’t realize what was happening until it was too late for him to do anything about it.  Elwyn manipulated him.  He was an easy subject, quite predictable, and it gave her plenty of practice for using the darkness.
When she was accepted into the Brethren, she was shrewd enough not to reveal how skilled she was with the dark powers.  The first time she met Draevil, Lord of the Brethren of Darkness, it quickly became apparent that he wouldn’t allow any member to become more powerful than he was.  He specifically taught only enough of the arts so that the Brethren could serve him but never more than the minimum.  Elwyn caught onto this quickly and played the part of a novice, willing and eager to learn what she could.
She knew, without a doubt, that if Draevil learned of her abilities it would be the end for her; not an end to her membership in the Brethren but more likely an end to her life.  She couldn’t let him find out.  Gaining power with the dark force was the single most important thing in Elwyn’s life.  She had lusted after power ever since her father started working with her as a young girl.  So, pretending she was a novice and having Hector treat her like a subordinate, was a small sacrifice to make – or so she continually reminded herself.
She spent a long time relearning boring, menial tasks and tricks, all the while trying to find a way to earn a position closer to Draevil.  She wanted to be in his company, to earn his confidence with the hopes that he would recognize her natural talent and teach her more.  She admired him.  Actually, she feared him but admired the power he held and that’s what she wanted, too – power.
It had taken her awhile just to earn the position of working with Hector, the Brethren’s Apothecary, but she still needed to find a way to catch Draevil’s attention.  Hector picked up a jar with his thick, fleshy fingers and placed it near Elwyn.
“Here, pour the powder into this.  It’s time for me to make Draevil’s tonic.”
He slowly pushed his overweight body up from the stool and half waddled, half limped to the shelves.  He rose up on his toes and reached for an earthen jar on the top shelf.  Elwyn heard him grunt and watched him stumble backwards, nearly losing his balance.  He grabbed the shelves to steady himself.
“Hector, are you okay?” asked Elwyn.  It must be his foot again, she thought.  She grabbed his stool and placed it beside him.  “Here.  You need to rest.”
He sat heavily on the stool and let out a deep sigh.
“Is it your foot?”
“Yes, I’m afraid so.”
“I’ll be your hands.  Tell me what to do.”  She turned and faced the shelves.  Then she reached for a container on the top shelf and showed it to him.  “Is this the one you wanted?”
“Yes.  Set it on the table.”
Elwyn did as he asked.  “What else do you need?”
Hector proceeded to give her instructions for selecting specific ingredients and amounts from his potions and mixing them together.  She paid close attention to the directions, committing them to memory, all the while restraining herself from showing her excitement.  The possibilities raced through her mind as to how Hector’s unfortunate health could work to her advantage.
She knew that Hector personally delivered Draevil’s elixir to him daily but now this could be the very opportunity she had been seeking.  Since Hector’s foot was causing him trouble, of course she would have to deliver it.  It was the perfect break she needed!  Then she might be able to talk with Draevil and just happen to mention her little secret.
Elwyn knew that Draevil was searching for the same crystal as the Guardians.  She overheard a conversation by some of Draevil’s henchmen, which is where she first learned about it.  Then, with keeping a psychic watchful eye on her brother, she realized that the Brethren and the Guardians were after the same thing.  Although it had been some time since Elwyn overheard the Brethrens’ conversation, it left her with the impression that Draevil was using the Guardians to locate its whereabouts.  He had spies watching them but since they hadn’t learned of its location yet, neither had he.  She doubted that Draevil knew she had a brother in the Guardians or that her brother was helping to decipher the journal that alerted them to the crystal in the first place.
One thing she knew for certain though.  Draevil didn’t know about the thought that she recently extracted from Tannis’s mind while he slept.  It was a thought that Tannis himself wasn’t aware of yet.  But it did offer a new perspective in the search for the crystal and that was the secret that she hoped would get her closer to Draevil.
If Draevil knew how much information Elwyn got from watching her brother, he wouldn’t be able to resist asking her for assistance.  But, of course, she couldn’t come right out and tell him how she watched her brother and how she knew what he was doing without divulging her proficiency with the dark powers.  So, when the opportunity surfaced and Draevil asked how she knew her brother’s business, she would explain that they had a strong bond when growing up and that, when Elwyn still lived at home, Tannis visited and told her about the journal and the crystal.  Then she would tell him that Tannis visits her regularly in her dreams and that would explain the current information.
“Pay close attention to what you’re doing, Elwyn!  The tonic musn’t get too hot or it will be ineffective,” spouted Hector.
“Yes, I’m sorry.”  She realized she had been carried away by her thoughts and hadn’t noticed the tonic was close to boiling.  Using a glove, she removed it from the fire and set it on the table.
“Stir it again.  If it isn’t too thick, it will be okay.  Otherwise, we will have to start all over.”
Elwyn heard a tinge of annoyance in Hector’s voice.  She stirred the brew and felt that it was still fluid.  She breathed a sigh of relief, realizing how close she had come to ruining the potion.
“It’s very fluid,” she replied.
“Good.  Then pour it into his cup and don’t spill any.  Then go find one of Draevil’s men to come and get it.  I cannot walk the distance to his quarters.”
Elwyn hadn’t anticipated this.  “I would be happy to take it to him.  I’m sure he is expecting it soon so wouldn’t it be more efficient for me to take it straight to him?”
Hector stared at Elwyn for a moment, as if he were determining her ability to carry a cup of liquid through the caves without spilling it.  Finally he consented.
“I suppose so but be quick.  We have much work that needs to be done here.”
“I’ll be back as soon as I can,” replied Elwyn.  Of course, if Draevil required her services right away then Hector would just have to do all the work himself, she thought.

SIXTEEN

_______________


Loki, Overseers
Great Mountains

Loki stood in the Grand Cave, holding her tray of food, and searched for a spot to sit.  It was named the Grand Cave because it was the only cave in the Overseers’ facility that had room for all members at once.  It was where they took their meals and it also served as a meeting place for the group.
Loki was still trying to reach a level of comfort with spending most of the time underground, or up in the mountain, which was still under the earth…just higher.  She missed being outdoors in the fresh air, riding Beno and listening to the ‘tweenlings.
Morten warned that the indoctrination given to new Overseers would change her relationship with the ‘tweenlings.  He explained that her ability to read energy would expand to the point that she would no longer need them, as an intermediary, to tell her what messages were carried in the ethers.  She would simply know.  In fact, in so many words, he basically told her that the ‘tweenlings were her own creation.  He admitted that her ability to read energy was quite real, but apparently at an early age, her imagination had fashioned a personality for the energy.  As a child, that was the way her mind learned to deal with it, especially since she had no adult to help her understand what she was hearing or seeing.  He appreciated why her mother couldn’t cultivate her talent; she was protecting Loki from other forces that might take advantage of her.  Morten commended Loki for having such creativity in how she dealt with the energy.
“The mind is a powerful, multifaceted force with a strong survival instinct,” he told her.  “When you were too young to understand, it created a way for you to relate to the messages you were hearing.”
Waysu and Kado were in the same boat.  For different reasons, they also had no adult available to help them understand their talents as young children and so their imaginations fostered the means to deal with their experiences.  For Waysu, she heard the energy as sound and the frequency changed depending on what message was conveyed through the ethers.  Loki thought it must have been hard for Waysu to understand what each sound meant.  Waysu understood it well enough but, because she had to listen so closely to the sounds, she didn’t talk much.  She told Loki at one point, “When I talk, I can’t hear.”
Kado, on the other hand, had a keen sense for smelling energy.  Loki found this amusing because she never knew that energy had a smell but this explained why Kado was often sniffling.  It wasn’t that he had a cold; he smelled things…just like a dog.
Loki understood Morten’s explanation, that the way she related to energy was about to change.  She still heard the ‘tweenlings on occasion but it was becoming less frequent and she already missed them.  It felt like she was losing a dear friend and that made her sad.
She scanned the dining cave, which was full of Overseers, when her eyes caught Waysu waving at her.  She and Waysu had been assigned as roommates but they were kept so busy they were hardly in their room.  Loki walked over and sat on the bench on the opposite side of the table.
“Thanks.  It’s hard to find a seat in here.”
Waysu nodded.
Before Loki had a chance to say anything more, Kado stepped over the bench and sat down beside her.  Loki felt like she should scoot over to give him more room but there was no room to move.  With someone on her other side and a person on the other side of Kado, she was stuck.
“Mind if I join you?” he asked.
Waysu smiled.
Loki looked sideways at him.  “No…no…that’s fine,” she stammered.
She reached for her fork and her arm brushed next to his.  Her heart skipped a beat and her face suddenly felt hot.  It was an uncomfortable feeling and she stared at her plate, praying that it wasn’t obvious to anyone else.  She quickly shoved some food into her mouth and busied herself with chewing.
A quiet hum of voices filled the cave but then it changed to excitement.  Loki looked up, wondering what all the fuss was about.  Three clusters of fairies flew into the Grand Cave, each carrying a large round golden ring.  As the fairies passed over the group, Overseers were heard expressing the occasional ooohh or aaahhh.  Loki exchanged perplexed glances with Kado and Waysu, as they realized the fairies were headed straight for them.
The first group reached Waysu and hovered above her.  The second group stopped above Loki and the third above Kado.  Loki glanced up at the ring hanging in the air above her head and saw a beautiful headband, woven with thick golden threads.  On one side was a small amber-colored crystal, the kind that lined the surfaces of the fairies’ cave.  Morten’s voice filled the cave as he knocked on the table to get everyone’s attention.
“May I have your attention, please” he said.
A wave of silence washed over the group as all eyes focused on the three new members.  Each group of fairies lowered themselves until the rings came to rest upon their heads, with the crystal resting against their foreheads.
The band was as light as a feather and Loki barely knew it was on her head.  She glanced at Waysu’s and Kado’s bands, and admired the golden, radiant bands that had been interwoven to form the ring, holding the crystal in place.  They were beautiful!
The fairies lowered themselves further so that they faced the neophytes, as Morten addressed them.
“On the eve of their indoctrination, let’s officially welcome our three new, talented members of the Overseers: Loki, Kado and Waysu.  The fairies also extend their gratitude to you for your service in helping to protect them and their home.”
As Morten spoke those words, the fairies, in unison, fluttered in place and curtsied before the three.  Loki couldn’t help but giggle at how adorable they looked.  The Overseers lightly clapped.
“Enjoy your evening.  Your indoctrinations will take place first thing tomorrow morning,” stated Morten.
Loki glanced at Morten.  He smiled that knowing smile and his eyes flickered playfully at them.  Morten started to sit and then stood upright.
“Oh.  One more thing.  Please join me in welcoming Gwynn back into service.  We are happy to have her with us, once again.”
He motioned with his arm to his right and Loki saw her mother sitting at Morten’s table, along with other members.  The Overseers lightly clapped a second time.
Morten sat and everyone returned to their meals.  The fairies flew out of the cave.
Even though Morten explained that the forthcoming changes were for the better, that the exercises taught would fully integrate all of their senses, Loki didn’t know what to expect and she was nervous.  Kado and Waysu were dealing with the same emotion.
Loki glanced back and forth between Kado and Waysu when she asked, “Are you nervous about tomorrow?”
“A little,” replied Waysu.  Then she tipped her head as if she heard something.
“What’s there to be nervous about?” asked Kado.  “Morten said things will get better.  It’s time to let go of the old and embrace the new.”  He smiled.  Then he sniffed the air, turning his head at different angles to pinpoint the direction from where the scent came.
Come play, miss.  Spin wit’ us.
Loki was mid-bite when she felt the ‘tweenlings swirl past.  She almost dropped her fork at their surprising presence.
Kado was diligently sniffing the air.  Then he jumped up and stepped over the bench, as if he were suddenly leaving.  He turned back to Loki and Waysu.  “Come on.”  Then he bolted out of the dining cave.

SEVENTEEN

_______________


Still wearing their golden headbands, Loki and Waysu followed Kado out of the Grand Cave.  Waysu had an intent look on her face as she continued listening to whatever sound she was hearing.
Play, miss.  Spin wit’ us!!
They stopped just outside the dining area.  Then Waysu turned right, obviously following her sound, at the same instance that Kado found his scent again and turned right as well.  Loki followed behind, aware of the ‘tweenlings’ excitement and playfulness as they twirled and brushed past.
Oiyeah!  Oiyeah!!
Just like old times, thought Loki.
They walked through the tunnels with Waysu’s ears and Kado’s nose leading the way.  Loki barely paid attention to their location until she noticed that they were going uphill.  They were in an area of the mountain where she hadn’t been before.  They turned right again, still going up an incline, lit by spinning crystals on the walls.
Loki glanced behind, in the direction from where they came, and a swarm of fairies was following, doing their own choreographed dance of swirling through the air.  It was the same whirling motion in which the ‘tweenlings moved.  She reminded herself to get accustomed to referring to it as energy instead of the ‘tweenlings, but as she gave it some thought, she realized that the fairies were a visual example of the manner in which the energy traveled across the ethers.  She wondered if all energy had a spinning motion to it.
The ground leveled off and Loki looked past Kado and Waysu.  She noticed an area farther ahead where the lit crystals stopped and there was a dark wall beyond.  It looked like they were at a dead end, with no light on the end wall.  Kado and Waysu didn’t seem to notice, they were so engrossed in following their senses.
As they approached the end, Loki felt a rush of pure, cool air and realized they were near an opening to the outside!  The dark area was a cave opening leading out into the nighttime.  They stood inside the opening and peered into the darkness, taking in deep breaths of fresh air.
Loki closed her eyes and enjoyed the crisp air filling her lungs, revitalizing her being.  She took a few more steps and was outside the cave.  The night was brightly lit by a full moon accompanied by millions of sparkling stars.  The moon had a rainbow-colored ring around it, as if it had been given its own brilliant headband to wear.  It was a sight she had never seen before.
As Loki looked further, she made out tall pine trees and boulders below the cave opening.  The earth sloped downward, which made sense since they were high up on the mountain.
Kado stepped beside her, sniffing the air.  “What is that scent?  I’ve never smelled anything like it.”
Next to the cave was a rock cliff that ran the length of the mountain, its flat surfaces shining in the moonlight.  Waysu stepped beside them, facing the same direction.  From the way she tipped her head, apparently her sound was coming from the same direction as Kado’s scent.
The swarm of fairies that had been following them flew out of the cave opening and into the night air.  Loki heard murmurs from the ‘tweenlings.  Suddenly the fairies came back and fluttered in mid air in front of them, making barely audible squeaky chirps.
“I think they want us to follow,” offered Loki.
“I think you’re right,” agreed Kado.
The fairies guided them in front of the rock cliff, on a well worn trail, and then stopped above a young pine tree that was about four feet tall.  Kado sniffed some more, still trying to identify the source of the scent.  He bent forward to smell the pine and as he did, his eye caught something on the other side of the tree.
“Wow,” he whispered as he stepped around the tree.
Loki and Waysu moved closer to see what caught his eye.  It was a plant, about two feet tall, with a single blooming flower.  The plant was tucked next to the new pine and against the rock wall, well hidden from view of the cave opening.  The flower had rounded, white, petals laced with purple around the edges.  Fuchsia-colored stringy filaments edged each petal, like delicate fingers dancing in the moonbeams. The flower glowed in the full moonlight!
“What is it,” asked Loki.
Kado cradled the petals with his hand, careful not to hurt them, as he leaned into it and sniffed.  “Aaahhh.  Incredible,” he added.  “It’s a Sprite Orchid.  I’ve heard of them but have never seen one.  They only bloom in the full moon and when you see one, it means that fairies are nearby.”
Waysu stepped closer.  “It makes a sound like a lyre playing.”
Loki knelt beside it and sniffed.  “What a lovely scent.”
The fairies floated above with grins on their tiny faces, as though they were happy to share their secret flower.  Their wings flashed white, then went dark, then flashed white again.  They continued to flash on and off, like fireflies.  Then, in a burst of energy, wings blinking intermittently, the fairies flew straight upward.  They twisted their bodies and flipped over backwards, flying straight down toward the ground.  Then, before reaching the flower they righted themselves.
They be proud cuz it’s their special flower.  They wantin’ to play, miss.  Spin.  Spin, miss!
The ‘tweenlings brushed past Loki and she felt their whimsical energy, enticing her to join them.  She stood and took a few steps away from the flower.  She raised her arms out to the side and began to turn.  As if the fairies knew what she was doing, they flew over to her.  Some landed on her arms, one landed on her head, and the others flew playfully through the air.
Loki increased her momentum.
Oiyeah!
She increased it a little more, as much as she dared on the uneven, moonlit ground.  She tipped her head back to gaze at the moon as she spun, not realizing a fairy was sitting on top.  The fairy did a back flip off her head and took flight, joining the others dancing in the air around her.
Oiyeah!  Oiyeah!!
Loki was caught up in the moment, the ‘tweenlings’ excited energy, the clear open sky and fresh air and, for a moment, forgot about everything else.  The fairies on her arms took flight as well, joining the others in the joyful celebration.
Kado and Waysu watched the performance of the fairies interacting with Loki’s motion.  After several minutes of spinning in place, Loki dropped to the ground.  Kado rushed over to her, thinking she had fallen, but then appeared uncertain as to what he should do next.  Loki lay on her back and giggled.
“Are you okay?” asked Waysu.
Still giggling, Loki responded.  “I’m fine.”  She sighed.  “That felt good.”
Kado and Waysu joined Loki on the ground.  The fairies landed on various plants around them and watched.
“It’s been awhile since I did that,” Loki said as she realized that this might be the last time she would spin with the ‘tweenlings.
She thought back to the playful look in Morten’s eyes when he told them to enjoy their evening.  Shortly after he said that was when Waysu acted as if she heard something and Kado started sniffing.  Then she had heard the ‘tweenlings for the first time in awhile.  She smiled to herself and couldn’t help but wonder whether this was Morten’s way of giving them one last evening with their old senses before everything changed.

EIGHTEEN

_______________


“If you are tempted to remove your blindfold,” Silas said as he tied a knot in Loki’s blindfold behind her head, “then you’d better get good at using a sword because that is what you’ll have to depend upon if you fail at this.  I know how you love to use the sword.”
Loki heard the challenge in his voice.
Silas was responsible for training Overseers.  Up until now, he primarily worked with Loki, Kado and Waysu on fighting skills.  They learned how to use swords, daggers, and other weapons.  Loki was the only one of the three that had never used a weapon.  Waysu was a natural with the dagger.  Apparently, she learned as a child how to use one.  Kado already knew how to use a sword and demonstrated his skill in an impressive match with Silas.  Loki, on the other hand, was new to all of it and using a sword was her least favorite.  Silas let them know that weapon training was only a backup to their other skills that were going to surface after the indoctrination.
“The idea,” he had said, “is that you never reveal your presence.  If your presence is compromised, there might be a time where you’d have to fight your way out of a situation.  Hopefully, that won’t be the case.”
Now he stood before the three new members, each of them wearing a blindfold, each one standing in a different spot in the small cave.
“You can’t use your physical senses of sight, sound, smell, touch or taste.  I’ll come for you once you’ve all crossed the bridge.”
Loki heard him chant something under his breath.  Then, as if the room was suddenly soundproofed, all went silent.  She stood there, waiting for him to give some directions.  What bridge was he talking about?  She didn’t recall seeing a bridge in the cave or crossing one on the way there.  So what did he mean?
Loki waited but no further instructions came.
She spoke his name.  “Silas?”
She moved her mouth but didn’t hear her voice.  She repeated his name.
“Silas?”
This time she was certain that she called out but there was no sound coming out of her mouth.  It was a little freakish, to say the least.
“Waysu?  Kado?”
Still, no sound came out.
Loki reached out with her hands as she took a few steps forward, in the direction where she last saw Kado and Waysu.  She walked cautiously, expecting to bump into them or to run into the opposite wall.  She felt nothing so she continued stepping forward, her hands desperately reaching out to feel something familiar.
She recalled the cave was small, so why hadn’t she reached the other side yet?  She hadn’t encountered anything or anyone.  Her mind raced to understand this strange phenomenon.  It was unnerving and she thought she cried out, or at least it seemed as though her mouth went through the motion but there was nothing.  The silence was so complete; she couldn’t even hear her nervous heart pounding in her head.  Loki wanted to shake it off.  She screamed the loudest, most deafening scream.
Nothing.
She reached for her blindfold, about to rip it off, when Silas’s words rang through her mind.
If you are tempted to remove your blindfold, then you’d better get good at using a sword because that is what you’ll have to depend upon if you fail...
She kept the blindfold on but, while resting her fingers on it, was suddenly aware that she couldn’t actually feel the blindfold.  She moved her fingers across it, or so she thought, but there was no sensation in her fingers or on her face.  She touched her fingers to her ears, or where she thought her ears were located, and snapped them.  No sound in her ears.  No feeling in her fingers.
She decided to sit on the floor and held her hands out to balance herself as she reached down for the cold surface.  She never felt it with her hands or her bottom so she really wasn’t sure whether she was sitting, standing or balancing on her head.
There was no sensation whatsoever.
She told herself to take some deep breaths and thought she did or, at least, imagined that she did.  She started to calm down and just sat or stood there, in whatever position she was in, and tried to let go of the fear of losing her dependence on her physical senses.
She wanted to succeed but was unsure of what to do.  It felt like an eternity since she had entered the cave but there was no way of knowing how long it had been.  She thought back over Silas’s words.  He said he’d come for them once they all crossed the bridge.
Is this a riddle?  Is there another meaning to what he said?
Loki was lost without her physical senses.  There was nothing that connected her with time or space.  It was the most naked she had ever felt, almost like she didn’t exist.  It was as if the person she had known herself to be was gone but she knew she wasn’t really gone.
So, what did that leave her with?  She didn’t even have the ‘tweenlings to help her understand this situation.  Thinking about the ‘tweenlings brought back memories of what it felt like to spin with them.  She recalled how, after spinning for awhile, she’d eventually feel like she was nothing but energy in motion.  She wasn’t her body or emotions…just energy.  Then she realized that this was the same sensation, only brought about in a different manner.
At that thought, she noticed a shift in her perception.  It was as if she instantly had vision but with a different set of eyes – inner eyes.  She saw the layout of the cave and was aware of the walls around her, the rock ceiling high above, the dirt and cold stone beneath her feet, and of the air that filled up the space in between.  It was all energy.  Everything is energy.  There might be different forms but it’s all just…energy.  It’s all similar, in that sense.
Loki let her inner senses play with what it felt like to be these other objects that were comprised of energy.  She let herself become totally absorbed with the experience of being a rock, the dirt, the sun, a fairy, her horse - Beno.  She had no clue how long she had been playing with these new senses, but at some point, she became aware of something else.
She felt the empty space around her and realized her awareness was back in the cave, back in the physical space.  Her physical senses were returning and now she knew that she was still standing.
“Hello?” she whispered quietly.  This time she heard her own voice!
There were still no other sounds but the empty space was changing.  She felt it being filled up with something new.  Like water that moves around an object, the empty space parted as this new energy moved through it.  Then, she suddenly realized the new energy was coming toward her.

~~~
Silas stepped into the cave.  It was empty.  No visible signs of anyone inside.  He stood in the center, observing the walls, and smiled.  He was pleased that no one was visible.  If they were, it would mean that someone had failed.  As he looked around, he picked out three vague anomalies that blended in color and shape with the walls.
“You can remove your blindfolds now.”
The indistinct shapes moved as Loki, Kado and Waysu reached up with their hands to remove their blindfolds.  Their eyes fluttered open and they looked around.  Then they stepped away from the rock wall, where they had morphed to blend in perfectly with its surface, and returned to their distinct physical forms.
“Well done,” commended Silas.  “You crossed the bridge to the inner senses.”
Morten stepped into the cave behind Silas.  “And it couldn’t have been sooner.  The forces are close to figuring it out.”

NINETEEN

_______________


Tannis, Guardians of Light
Northland

A new thought had popped into Tannis’s head while he ate his morning meal and he wanted to pursue it before he met Markus for the next vision.  He didn’t have much time.  It took Markus a few days to rest before Noya would allow Tannis to visit with him.  Now that he was given permission, he didn’t want to be late.
The few days of physical labor did Tannis good.  It helped to clear his mind and allowed him to relax enough that this new idea finally worked its way to the surface.  As a result, his spirits were high.
He entered the room where the Guardians of Light stored their records.  Jacob, the record keeper, sat behind a desk and had several books open before him.  Occasionally he scribbled notes on paper and then referred back to one of the books.  He was so engrossed in what he was doing that he didn’t hear Tannis approach.
“What are you doing?” asked Tannis.
Jacob jumped.  “Geez!  Did you have to sneak up on me?”
“I didn’t sneak, Jacob.  Where do we keep our old maps?”
Jacob pointed toward the back of the room with his thumb.  “They’re stored in the back room.  What do you need?”
“I need to see all the old maps we have of our Northland, the Great Mountains and possibly the red cliffs of the desert.”
Jacob kept his head down as he scribbled a few more notes.  “How old?”
Tannis knew they had been searching for the past several generations, and the author of the journal had to have been at least a generation before that, so he made a wild guess.  “Maybe one hundred fifty to two hundred years ago.”  Or even older, he thought.
Jacob stopped writing and peered over the rim of his eye glasses.  “You’re kidding.”
“No.  I’m not.”
Jacob shrugged.  “It’s going to take awhile.”
“How long?  It’s really important.”
“That’s what everyone says.  I’ve got this research I’m doing for Sir Markus.  There are three other requests waiting after that.  Who knows what kind of mess is in that backroom.  No one has been in there for years and then...”
Tannis felt his opportunity slipping away.  “This is also for Sir Markus.  I’m trying to help him find the very thing he has sought for years.”
“Aren’t we all?” Jacob uttered sarcastically.
Tannis searched Jacob’s face.  “Please Jacob.  I really think I’m onto something.”
Jacob stared at him for a moment and then looked around his desk at all the work that required his attention.
“Pleeeeez,” urged Tannis.
“Well, I suppose if you’re onto something that might make Sir Markus happy, it will help us all.  I’ll see what I can find.  Come back in a few hours.”
Tannis held the palms of his hands together, as if in prayer, and bowed his head slightly.  “Thank you.”
~~~
Tannis was about to knock on Markus’s door when he heard Noya’s voice on the other side.
“Markus, you’re getting lax in your ways.  The inner circle is no longer tightly guarded.  Everyone here, and probably outside of the Guardians, knows what you’re after.  You want it too badly.”
“Yes, I do, Noya.  If it’s the last thing I do, it will have been a worthwhile pursuit.  Think of the good we can do with it!  Besides, we are the Guardians.  We work for the Light.  Why shouldn’t everyone know what I’m after?  That way, we can all work toward the same goal, as one cohesive unit.”
“Maybe it’s not meant to be found.  Have you thought of that?  Maybe it isn’t as good a thing as we’ve led ourselves to believe all these years.  Half of what we know is only word of mouth, passed down from generation to generation.  How accurate can that be?”
“Let’s see what Tannis’s visions show us, shall we?  He seems to be a clear channel for the sight.”
Tannis heard Noya sigh and could almost picture her rolling her eyes.  He decided this was as good a time as any to interrupt.  He tapped on the door.
“Come in,” replied Markus.
Tannis opened the door and saw Markus and Noya facing each other.  Markus seemed to have a renewed energy, compared to the weariness Tannis observed several days ago.  Noya, on the other hand, was clearly frustrated and stood with her arms crossed in front of her chest.  She looked at Tannis, sighed in exasperation and turned to face the window.
Markus pulled out the chair at the table and motioned for Tannis to sit.  “Please.  I’m anxious to continue.”
Tannis sat and looked at the text.  It appeared to be open where he left it the last time.  Carefully, he turned the page, hoping to see reference to the crystal in the faded writing.  Not seeing anything, he gently lifted another page and scanned it.  He saw reference to something golden and figured it was a good place to start.  He lit the candle, picked up the shard, and sprinkled fresh salt in a semicircle around the objects.  Then his lips began moving, silently.
He waited until the Empress of Light appeared and the swirling light opened up.  He saw the author’s hand, scribbling the words on paper.
...I continued to the next grotto, much smaller than the first.  To my amazement, there seemed to be no animals or other creatures that had claimed these caves as their home.  I expected to see bats but perhaps there was too much illumination for their liking.  As I entered the grotto, immediately I sensed that something was different.  There was a sound, a low hum that pulsed and throbbed.  It seemed to vibrate throughout the smaller cavern.  I looked around the walls and my eyes caught a most splendid sight!
One of the walls had an opening, like a tiny cave within the cave.  This enclosure was lined with the same golden crystals that covered all the other walls, with one spectacular exception!  In the center was a large, dark, golden-orange crystal, throbbing with life!  Never, in all my years, had I ever considered a rock to be anything but an inert object, made of hardened minerals and earth.  This one was alive!
Immediately, feeling powerless in its presence, I was compelled to place my hands upon it.  As if tied to it with an invisible string, I was pulled into its aura.  Nothing else in my life mattered at that moment except to place my hands upon its surface.
I struggle to find the words that will aptly describe the grandeur of what I experienced next.  I was filled with unspeakable power of knowing all things and nothing, at once; of being capable of doing anything imaginable by taking this raw power and directing it toward my desires.  I knew, in that instant, with my hands pressed upon its smooth surface, feeling its life flow through me, that I could live forever!!
In that very moment, I knew that I could not live without that power.  Not yet knowing my way out of the earth, I resolved that I must take that crystal with me!  Having no tools with me except my bare hands, I grasped it tightly and attempted to shake it loose.  It wouldn’t budge.
I raised my leg, ready to strike it with the heel of my boot, when I heard something.  The sound filled the cave and reminded me of thousands of tiny bells.  However, it wasn’t a high-pitched sound as one would expect from tiny bells, the sound was deep and foreboding!  It made my skin crawl.
I lowered my leg and looked around.  A shadow was approaching from the next cave.  What happened next, I cannot clearly recall.  I must have fainted or fallen and hit my head because consciousness was lost.  When I awoke, I was no longer in the earth.  I wasn’t even on the mountain!  Where I was, I did not recognize.  I found myself lying in a meadow of tall grasses.  My wrists and ankles were bound by something so frail; it embarrasses me to admit it.  They were tied with a golden silk thread.  It took little effort to free myself from these shackles.
Feverish and parched, I wandered for two days before I encountered another person.  I was taken in by an elderly man who nursed me back to health.  Once I regained some awareness, I inquired as to my whereabouts.  This part is shocking to me.
When I initially climbed that mountain, above the lake, I was fairly certain that I was in the mountains that lie directly to the east of my home but it is possible I was in the northeastern mountains.  What I learned from this man put me much farther south, in the plains.  I have no way of explaining this and had my doubts about the information imparted to me by this gentleman, that is, until I traveled a great distance to the northwest to return home.  You see, this is why I cannot tell anyone of my experience.  There is no logical explanation for much of it, except to wonder whether I have truly lost my senses...or was somehow affected by that power.  I remember the feel of it.  I have never yearned for anything more in my entire life!
The author stopped writing and sat back in his chair.  Tannis felt his sadness over having encountered something so magnificent, in one moment, and then having it suddenly taken from him by circumstances, in the next moment.  The author knew he would never be the same again, unless he could find the crystal.  He vowed to spend the rest of his days in search.
At that moment, Tannis understood this to be where the search began for the crystal; the search that had involved numerous people, spanning several generations.
Tannis passed his hand through the air, over the journal, to end the vision but kept his eyes lowered.  The pages, where the book lay open, were missing over a third of the words that had either faded or the page had been damaged.  He felt Markus’s eyes upon him, waiting to learn what he saw.  For a moment, Tannis felt his own doubt resurface and wondered whether it was worth it to continue the search.  He felt the author’s sense of loss, as if it were his own loss.
He had to be careful what he shared with Markus.  He didn’t want to build his expectations further, only to see them shot down later.  He wanted to pursue the other idea he had before he said too much.
He looked up and saw Noya guardedly staring at him.
“Well?” asked Markus.
Tannis met Markus’s eyes.  “He saw the crystal, in a cave.”  He purposely eliminated the description of touching the crystal.  “But then something happened.  He blacked out and found himself somewhere to the south of where he started, out in the open.”
Markus looked disappointed and Tannis lowered his eyes again.
“Do you know who the author of this journal was?  Who did it belong to?” asked Tannis.
Markus waved his hand.  “Some distant relative of Germaine, who was the Guardians’ headmaster over a century ago.”
“Do you know where this relative lived?”
“A town on the west coast.  Lowenbrough or Levenpro, something like that.  It doesn’t exist anymore,” replied Noya.  “Why?”
Tannis knew he had to give them something, or Noya would be suspicious.  “He thought he started out east or northeast of his town, when he was in the vicinity of the cave.  But then he ended up south.  Perhaps if we triangulated the possibilities from an old map, it might get us closer.  But without knowing where this town was, he could have been in our Northland, which you’ve searched, or he could have been in the Great Mountains south of here.  It’s not clear but...”
Markus looked up.  “But?”
Tannis hesitated.  “I have to tell you, the man was questioning his own sanity.”
Markus looked like he had been slapped.  Noya had a smug look on her face, as if she suspected something like this already.
“If you’re up to it, I’ll come back tomorrow.”
Markus waved his fingers, as if to say whatever.
Tannis stood and excused himself.

TWENTY

_______________


Tannis expected to walk into the records’ room and have Jacob hand him old maps but that’s not the reception he received.  Jacob sat at his desk, with a sheepish look on his face and mouthed the word sorry when Tannis stepped through the door.
Noya stood next to Jacob.  Her arms crossed over her chest, her eyes so angry that Tannis could feel the darts piercing the atmosphere nearby.  As soon as she spotted him, she took several long strides until she was in his face.
“What do you think you’re doing?!?”  Her voice was filled with controlled fury.
Tannis stammered a moment, not sure what she meant or how to answer.  “Wh...What do you mean?”
“You came here before your vision asking for old maps.  You know where it is, don’t you?  You lying little...”
He held out his hands, palms toward Noya.  “Whoa...wait a minute.  It’s just a misunderstanding.”
Noya grabbed his shirt, pushed him several steps backward until he was up against the wall.  “What aren’t you telling us?”
“Noya, it’s not like that.  I swear!  I just had an idea that I wanted to pursue before I mentioned it to Sir Markus.”
“Which is?”
Tannis hesitated.  If his idea panned out, if it proved to be an avenue worth pursuing, he wanted to be the one to tell Markus.  In fact, he wanted to be the one, or one of the people, who followed up on it, personally.  He wanted the credit for it.
Noya tightened her grip on his shirt and twisted so the opening around his neck shrunk, immediately turning his face pink.  Her strength surprised him.  He glanced over her shoulder and saw Jacob staring, eyes wide with fear, as he watched.
Through gritted teeth, Noya said, “I’m waiting.”
“I just wanted to see if anything was different back then, with the layout of the land.”  He was hoping this would be enough to satisfy her.
She intently studied his eyes for a moment as she loosened her grip slightly.  “...because...”
Tannis sighed and his shoulders slumped.  He didn’t want to say it.  “I had a dream...but I couldn’t recall the details, except for a mountain.”  He looked defeated now.  “I was hoping the maps would trigger my memory.  I think something was missed in the previous searches.”
He hoped his weak response made him sound as much like the idiot that Noya believed he was.  He knew she disliked him but her distrust was starting to anger him.  He wasn’t doing anything wrong!  In fact, he had the Guardians’ and Markus’s best interests at heart.  So, why couldn’t she trust him?
“That’s it?!?  That’s your idea?  That something was missed?!?”  She released his shirt and held his gaze longer; then her eyes narrowed.  “If I find out you’re lying, I guarantee you’ll regret the day you joined the Guardians.”  She turned on her heels, like the perfect soldier, and walked out of the room.
Tannis continued to lean against the wall.  He watched as Jacob’s face registered relief.  He waited a moment, to make sure Noya was gone, and then he approached Jacob’s desk.
“Uh, did you have time to look for those maps?”
Jacob stared at Tannis as though he didn’t hear the question.  Then he shook his head and slowly said, “She doesn’t like you.”
“No, really?  Did you find some maps?”
“Yes, in fact, I did.”  As Jacob stood, he glanced toward the door to make certain Noya wasn’t coming back.  He turned toward the back of the room and motioned for Tannis to follow.  They entered another room, filled with shelves and crates of books, documents and scrolls.  A rectangular table stood in the center.  On its surface were two maps, each sprawled out flat and held down with rocks at the corners.
Jacob handed Tannis a pair of gloves.  “If you need to touch the maps, put these on first.  One includes our Northland and the Great Mountains south of here, as well as the east and west coast lines.  The other covers the plains and the desert, although it doesn’t have much detail.  Few people have explored the desert and made it out to document it.  The dark forces are strongest down there and easily snare the unsuspecting explorer.”  He pointed to the wall.  “There’s a more current map for comparison.  I have a meeting in an hour so you’ll have to be done before then.”
“Thank you, Jacob.”
Jacob shrugged.  “I hope you find what you’re looking for and, please, by all means, do it before Noya returns.”
Tannis leaned over the table to study the maps.  He realized, from the author’s description, that a lake in the desert didn’t make sense.  He took one quick glance at that map and saw no lakes or mountains.  He saw the markings for the red cliffs.  Although he had never been there personally, he knew it was the heart of Brethren of Darkness territory.  Just thinking about it gave him a chill.  The hair on the back of his neck stood out and he involuntarily shuddered.
Quickly ruling out the possibility of a lake in that area, he moved onto the next map.  As he did so, he suddenly had the sense that he was being watched and quickly turned on his heels, expecting to see Noya in the doorway but no one was there.  He looked around the room to make certain he was alone.  There was no one else present but he still had an unsettling feeling.  He tried to shake it off and focus on the other map.

TWENTY ONE

_______________


Elwyn, Brethren of Darkness
Desert

Elwyn stood in the cave.  The pool of liquid at her feet was as shiny and smooth as a polished mirror.  The candles illuminated the faces around her; solemn, masculine faces that stood guard while she entered a trance.  They were present to ensure there would be no disturbances, whether inside the cave itself or psychic influences that would try to suck Elwyn’s energy, like a leach drinking the life blood of another.  She glanced around at the men, confirming their readiness.  When her eyes locked with Draevil, he nodded, indicating it was time to start.
Elwyn was pleased that she finally had a conversation with Draevil, where she shared her insights into finding the crystal and the information she got from her brother.  He appeared to openly welcome her input, although, there had been a few moments where she questioned whether he was mocking her or whether he was sincere in his interest.  Regardless, he was willing to give her an opportunity to prove herself and had taught her a method for invoking the darkness to learn more.  She knew this would be her only opportunity but she was confident that it would work.  She prayed that she never crossed Draevil or, at least that he never discovered it.  His approval of her was important, just as her father’s approval was once meaningful...before he became a weak-hearted lush.
The Brethren were her family now, especially since she turned her back on her biological family.  Her father had become an embarrassment.  So had her mother, whom she viewed as meek and spineless, never taking a stance on anything.  Loki, her younger sister, was a difficult one to figure out.  She was never able pinpoint what made Loki tick but that was of little consequence to Elwyn.  Tannis, her older brother...so naïve and gullible...was another matter.
Elwyn found it easy to read Tannis and to manipulate him.  It was a simple matter of good against evil that made him so predictable.  He wanted to help people, do what he thought was best for everyone, and wanted to rid the world of evil.  Elwyn on the other hand, played on his consistency and was preparing to do it yet again.  She knew what Tannis was thinking, that there may have been a lake that existed long ago that had since dried up, which meant it was missed by the various searches over the years.  She had pulled that thought from his mind, while he slept one night, before he became consciously aware of it himself.  As long as she continued to stay one step ahead of him, she could help the Brethren – help Draevil – get the crystal and gain supreme power over the entire region!  She knew that’s what Draevil wanted and he didn’t deny it.
He gazed at her and gave the signal to proceed; his dark piercing eyes looked even more mysterious as they reflected flickers of flames from the candles.  Elwyn felt under her cloak for the pouch that hung from her belt.  She reached inside, pinched some of the powdery substance between two fingers and tossed it into the liquid.  On impact, the fluid boiled and sizzled, as though it was angry at being disturbed.  She whispered the spell, her hand openly circling above the liquid, enticing it to give her what she sought.
After a few moments, the liquid stopped churning and a vapor appeared above its surface.  The swirling mist formed into a panther, slithering upward through the air to meet her.  Elwyn rested her arms at her sides and closed her eyes momentarily, while she finished reciting the enchantment.  When her eyes opened, they were no longer blue but dark like obsidian and stared straight ahead.  The fierce cat circled and prowled through the air around her head.  It revealed spiked fangs when it hissed.  Then it sniffed in her direction, determining whether she was worthy of its darkness.
As it continued rounding her cranium, a sight appeared before Elwyn and she saw Tannis, leaning over a table, looking down at something.  As always, her timing was impeccable!  She sensed she was close to getting the information they needed.   Her thirst for it was so intense, her mouth watered and she licked her lips.  She positioned herself behind Tannis and looked over his shoulder.  Suddenly, he turned and looked right at her.  Elwyn knew he felt her presence, subconsciously.  She was coming on too strong; she desired it too much.  She forced herself to pull her energy back slightly.  After he glanced in all directions, to ensure he was alone, Tannis looked down at the table and Elwyn had a clear line of sight to the maps.
With her psychic senses, she probed gently into his thoughts.  He studied the Northland, the mountains that were home to the Guardians of Light and a number of small villages.  Through his thoughts, Elwyn felt herself guided to the various lakes.
All of a sudden, she felt his excitement.  Tannis put gloves on his hands and placed them on the map so that he could lean farther over the table to study its details.  His finger pointed to a lake that looked, from the topography, as though it rested near the top of one of the shorter peaks on the western end of the Northland.  He pushed himself upright and walked over to a map hanging on a wall.  His finger pointed to the same area and he studied it closely but there was no lake.  Elwyn barely contained her own enthusiasm.
Tannis went back to the map on the table to confirm he was viewing the same vicinity and, once again, confirmed that there had previously been a lake.  He searched other areas of the Northland but nothing caught his attention.
Next, he moved farther south on the map, to the Great Mountains.  Elwyn knew many areas of the Great Mountains were hardly navigable, with jagged peaks and sharp drops.  To her knowledge, they were uninhabitable.  She watched as Tannis’s finger traced its way through the mountains, following streams but none led to lakes.  She felt confident that he had already found the spot in the Northland, when he slid his finger to the southern flank of the mountains and stopped.  Once again, she felt his excitement rise – or was it her own?  She hadn’t entertained the idea that there might be more than one lake that had dried up.
Tannis scooted to the map on the wall and tapped the location where the lake had once been.  She felt his confidence rise and heard his thought – I knew it!!
Elwyn watched for another moment while he searched more of the map on the table.  He stood and removed the gloves.  He was pleased with himself and Elwyn felt it.  She couldn’t let him get too confident with himself, though.  She focused on the back of his head and increased the intensity of her energy.  He spun on his heels at the feel of her obscured presence.  He looked around, as though he expected someone to be there.  Knowing that he wasn’t adept at consciously hearing her thoughts, she sent one to him anyway – Thank you, brother.  Again!  She knew it would lie just beneath the surface of his conscious awareness and would eat at him for awhile before he could pinpoint the reason for his sour mood.
The others watched the panther retreat from around Elwyn’s head and descend back into the pool.  Her eyes locked with Draevil’s and she gave him a knowing look.  He motioned for her to follow as he walked out of the cave.

TWENTY TWO

_______________


Elwyn felt privileged to be invited into Draevil’s quarters where only the two of them, and Bortundo, Draevil’s confidant, were present.  She pointed out the locations on a map and explained what she saw in the trance.  She was happy to hear Draevil’s praise.
“Nicely done, Elwyn.  You have brought us closer to our goal.”  His face softened slightly as he smiled but she noticed that his black eyes remained devoid of emotion.
“What do you have in mind, my Lord?” asked Bortundo.
Draevil’s eyes perused the map for a moment.  He placed the palms of his hands on the table while he thought about it.  Then he stood and paced the floor.
“I want you to pick three of your most trusted men.  Two of you go to the Northland and the other two go to the location in the Great Mountains.  Tell them the least amount of information necessary.  We’re going to keep this information close at hand.  You must leave right away and ride hard, since you have a greater distance to cover than the Guardians.  You might not have much lead time.  I suspect Elwyn’s brother will be informing Markus soon and they have the advantage of already being in the Northland.”
He fell silent as he continued to pace.  Bortundo and Elwyn knew to remain quiet while he thought.  He stopped, crossed his arms over his chest and rested his black-bearded chin between his thumb and first finger, as if a new thought had just come to mind.
“Take extra horses with you.  If you find it before them, all the better.  If not, you must stop them from taking possession of it.”  He turned and met Bortundo’s eyes.  “Stop them for good, Bortundo.”
Bortundo nodded his understanding.  “Yes, my Lord.”
Elwyn hid her surprise at hearing his command.  If Tannis was killed, she could no longer use him as the reason for possessing information on the Guardians.  If Tannis were dead, would Draevil still require her services?  Would he find her as useful?  She was uneasy and suddenly felt vulnerable...a feeling she disliked immensely.
As far as Draevil was concerned, Elwyn was limited in her abilities with the dark forces and he wanted it to stay that way.  She was fortunate to have talked him into this opportunity but suddenly she feared that once this opportunity passed, he would no longer value her services.  He seemed to have accepted her explanation for how she was privy to the information about her brother, about the Guardians, and this new direction for pursuing the crystal.  True, there were moments where she felt like he was toying with her but, other than that, she thought he believed what she said.
Once again, fear surfaced at the thought of the dangerous game she was playing.  If he found out how adept she was at manipulating the dark forces, he would put an end to it.  Her life would be at risk...but she was already taking a big chance, wasn’t she?  She needed Tannis alive.  At this realization, she quickly cleared the thoughts from her mind but not before she noticed Draevil studying her.
“Do you have a problem with that, Elwyn?"  Draevil studied the pupils of her eyes for a reaction.
She remained seated, stared at him directly and held her ground but she couldn’t help but notice the shift in his eyes.  It was subtle but they looked like the eyes of a feral animal, right before it attacks.
“No, my Lord.  I was just thinking that I might be of assistance to Bortundo and the others.  Through the connection with my brother, I could monitor his whereabouts and possibly the location of other Guardians they send after the stone.  That would give us the upper hand.”
Draevil’s smile struck Elwyn as patronizing.  “I’m not sure whether someone of your...stature can handle the hardship of the ride.  They’ll be leaving within the hour and riding throughout the night and much of the morrow to reach the Northland.”
Elwyn wore an expression of disappointment and looked down at the table.  “Yes, I see.”  Then she met his eyes once more.  “Then perhaps I could ride as far as the Great Mountains.  Nothing would please me more than to help you take possession of the crystal.”
She noticed the slight flicker of lust in his eyes at the mention of the crystal.  He clearly desired the power that he perceived it would give him.
“Please, Lord Draevil.  If I cannot keep up with the men, I have no one to blame but myself and I’ll simply return on my own.”
Draevil stared at her in silence.  He was clearly considering it.  Then the corners of his mouth curved up slightly and he nodded his consent.

TWENTY THREE

_______________


Elwyn noticed a slight shift in the expression on Bortundo’s face when Draevil gave his consent for her to join the men.  She knew that Bortundo didn’t particularly care for her but she decided it was his problem, not hers.  Now that she had Draevil’s blessing, there was nothing he could say about it.
“May I go make my preparations, Lord Draevil?”
Draevil nodded his consent.  As she turned to leave, she heard Bortundo’s chair push back from the table.
“Stay, Bortundo.  We have more business.”
As Elwyn walked out of the room, she couldn’t help but wonder what additional business Draevil had with Bortundo.  Though, she quickly dismissed her curiosity since she had business of her own to tend to and there wasn’t much time before they departed.  Elwyn rushed to her room and threw a few things together for the trip.  With her satchel slung over her shoulder, she quickly navigated through the underground compound toward one of the upper caves.
She recalled that Draevil posted a guard in the cave, which led directly outside to the desert, so she slowed to a casual pace as she approached and hoped that Josh was the guard on duty today.  She never understood the need for a guard in this particular location.  It wasn’t the main entrance to their compound and it was so hot outside this time of year that any travelers passing by would surely be toying with death by the time they reached this remote area.
She heard his voice before she spotted him.
“Goin’ fer one of them thinkin’ walks there, Miss Elwyn?  It’s mighty hot out there this time o’ day.”
She turned toward the voice and saw him standing in the shadow inside the cave opening, just beyond the sun’s reach.
“How are you doing, Josh?”
“Oh, same as usual, I s’pose.  Just doin’ my job, supportin’ the cause.”
Elwyn couldn’t help but wonder what had been told to Josh about the cause.  Supporting the evil in the world?  Using commoners as pawns to increase the Brethren’s power?  She pitied Josh for his ignorance but she also liked him for the same reason.
“And a fine job you’re doing, Josh.  Have you seen any passersby today?”
“No, ma’am.  It’s been quiet as a fawn in the forest.”
Elwyn wrapped her arms around her shoulders.
“I’ve had quite the chill today and can’t seem to shake it.  I’m sure it won’t take long to get warmed up out there.  I’ll just be a few minutes, Josh.”
“Sure thin’, Miss Elwyn.”
She casually walked out into the heat of the open desert.  After letting her eyes adjust to the harsh light, she turned to her right and walked the short distance along the base of the cliff until it curved out of view of the cave entrance.  Then she counted off an additional forty seven steps, picking up the pace as she went.  She searched for the footholds in the rock structure, some that she carved out and some that were naturally in place when she first arrived.  She continued scanning the area for anyone watching while she slipped on leather gloves for protection against the hot rocks.  She climbed about ten feet up the wall, until she reached a natural ledge and pulled herself up onto it.  Behind the ledge, the red cliff continued upward for another thirty to forty feet.
The ledge had held enough soil over the years that allowed some desert plants and scrub brush to grow, providing the perfect hiding place for her personal apothecary.  She walked five paces to her left and felt behind a half-dead prickly scrub for the loose rock in the wall.  She slid it out, careful not to get scratched from the scrub, and then reached into the small hole for her cloth bag.
She opened the drawstring and pulled out a few smaller pouches, similar to the one that hung from her belt.  After finding the pouch with a particular substance she needed, she put the others back inside the bag, secured the top and pushed it back into the hole in the upper cliff wall.  She pushed the rock back into place and made sure to remove any markings that were left in the dirt.  To be extra careful, she broke off a branch from a small plant and erased her footsteps as she retreated five paces back.
Still seeing no one below, she scrambled down the cliff wall and back to the cave.  This pouch would come in handy for what she had planned, assuming that her hunch played out.

TWENTY FOUR

_______________


Loki, Overseers
Great Mountains

Loki wandered through the caves and tunnels that housed the Overseers, in search of her mother, and imagined that it must have taken thousands of people numerous years to carve out the elaborate system.  Of all the time spent gazing at the Great Mountains from the plateau above her childhood home, she never would have guessed there was such a structure inside.
She expected her mother to be alone in the practice cave, polishing up on her fighting skills but when she approached, a man’s voice was heard.  She stopped at the cave entrance and saw Silas inside with her mother.  He stood off to the side while Gwynn parried and swung her sword, in dancelike motions, at an imaginary target.
Loki admired her mother’s grace.  She still hadn’t gotten over the surprise at how her mother had kept the Overseers and her talents a secret for so long.  In a conversation recently, Gwynn reminded Loki of the responsibility they carry.  Gwynn said, “Whether you remain an active member or whether you choose to go a different direction, you are always an Overseer and it will be your most guarded secret your entire life.”  Other than that brief conversation, there hadn’t been much time for her to speak with her mother and, she recalled, Gwynn still owed her an explanation.
Loki watched the performance in the cave without announcing her presence.  What she saw would be better described as artistic.  There must have been hundreds of fairies.  The cloud of winged-beings moved in perfect harmony as the sword sliced through their formation.  No matter where the sword moved, they remained equidistant from its blade as if they were bound to it by an invisible thread.  What Loki observed was a ballet of grace and force, working together.
Silas leaned against the wall and watched; his arms casually crossed over his chest.  “Why do I get the impression you’re doing more than simply brushing up on your skills?”
“Practice is always necessary.  You never know when it will be needed.  You know that.”  Gwynn replied without breaking a moment’s concentration on her moves.
He tilted his head as if he were trying to see Gwynn from a different angle.  “No.  I know you, Gwynn.  You’ve got something on your mind.”
She said nothing at first but continued her moves.  Then in a low voice, she said, “You knew me, Silas.  That was a long time ago.”
He straightened up, his mouth turning into a lopsided grin.  “Do you really think we’ve changed that much over the years?”
She lowered her sword and turned to face him.  The fairies flitted above, waiting for her next move.  “I have three grown children and...had a husband.”
“Ah, yes, but your children are grown and, excuse me for saying it but, your husband is dead.”  He stepped closer to her.  “Besides, you aren’t your children and you aren’t your husband.  You are an individual and, if memory serves me, we knew each other quite well.”  As if to emphasize the last comment, his eyebrows rose slightly.
“Don’t do this Silas.  Let it be.”  She turned her back to him and continued swinging the sword.
He stepped back to the wall and remained silent for several moments, seemingly considering her words.  His brow furrowed as he pondered something while gazing at the ground.  Then he glanced at her again, carefully watching her moves as though they revealed her thoughts.
“It still doesn’t change the fact that I knew you.  And I still believe you’re up to something.”
Gwynn continued her ballet with the fairies, in silence, and didn’t respond.
The tension in the practice cave suddenly felt as thick as sludge.  Loki cleared her throat to announce her presence.  Silas looked at her and approached the entrance, taking her arrival as his cue to leave.
“How does she do it without hitting the fairies?” asked Loki, trying to make light of things and acting as if she hadn’t heard their conversation.
Silas stopped beside her and turned back to watch Gwynn.  Stepping back into the role of instructor, he answered her question with a question, as he often did to invite his students to think further.  “Have you ever tried to slice through a piece of dust floating through the air?”
Loki pondered the question.  “Oh, I see.  They’re lightweight; so the movement of the sword through the air causes currents that push them out of the way before making contact.”  In actuality, contact was basically impossible.
“Correct,” he replied as he kept his eyes on Gwynn.
Loki glanced sideways and observed Silas watching her mother, not sure what to make of the expression on his face.
“They can be as elusive as some people I know,” he muttered.  Then he turned and walked away.
Loki entered the cave, inching along the wall, as she watched her mother.  She admired her strength, in combination with the fairies’ display of color and elegance.  As she got closer, she lowered herself to the floor, her achy muscles grateful for the break from the arduous schedule they maintained since their arrival. She rested the back of her head against the stone, closed her eyes, and tuned in to the energy in the cave.
She felt the intensity of her mother’s focus and the aggressiveness of the blade as it sliced and jabbed through space.  She detected movement in the air and certainly heard her mother’s feet stepping on the dirt floor.  Most of all, she listened to the faint chimes as the fairies’ tiny wings fluttered.  Their energy was playful, joyous to be expressing themselves in this manner.  They were having fun!
With her eyes still closed, she became aware of something else, close to her face.  A light sensation touched her cheek.  It was tender, affectionate, a velvety feel against her skin.  It reminded her of the day she sat with Morten in the canyon and felt the same sensation.  She had since learned that several fairies were with them that day, but with the sun out, they had turned invisible to avoid burning their sensitive wings.
Slowly, she raised her eyelids and nearly startled at seeing a fairy hovering at her cheek.  She held completely still and watched it buzz in front of her face, causing her eyes to cross at its close proximity.  She wondered what it was doing.  It rose slightly and circled above her head.  She barely tilted her head and raised her brow to watch it.
Gwynn laughed when she noticed.  “You look like a statue.  They aren’t as fragile as you think.”
“I know but I’m still getting used to them.”
The fairy landed on top of her head, its legs dangling in front of her forehead.  She giggled.  “That tickles.  What’s it doing?”
“Apparently, it likes your vibes.”  Gwynn lowered herself to sit beside her daughter and wiped the perspiration off her forehead with her sleeve.
Determining that practice was over, some fairies left the cave.  Others stayed near and continued flying around, playing with each other.
“How are you holding up?” asked Gwynn.
Loki tilted her head toward her mother, still being careful with the fairy on top.  “Tired.  And sore.  Silas is a slave-driver but I’m still not as good with the sword as you.  I wouldn’t complain if I never had to use it.”
Gwynn smiled.  “The intent is not to use it.  It’s only a last resort but you have to be prepared for all possibilities.  Besides, you’re good at your other skills, especially since your indoctrination.  You’ve always been a natural with hearing messages carried through the ethers and sensing energy.  I always knew, out of the three of you, that you would likely be an Overseer.”
“The three of us?” asked Loki.
“Elwyn and Tannis.”
Hearing her mother make reference to her siblings, Loki realized she hadn’t thought of her brother or sister since she and her mother left their home.  In fact, she hadn’t given her deceased father much thought either.
“Does it surprise you?” asked Loki.
“What?”
“That Tannis, Elwyn and I are so different.  It surprises me sometimes.  Makes me think the only thing we have in common is that we had the same parents and lived in the same house at one time.  Beyond that, we couldn’t be more different.”
A fairy buzzed the one sitting on Loki’s head, teasing it into a chase.  The fairy on her head didn’t respond at first, mocking indifference, but at the second fly-by, it took flight.  They took turns chasing each other, their wings making a high pitched trill, not unlike a hummingbird buzzing through the forest.
“No,” Gwynn replied.  “It doesn’t surprise me.  It’s usually that way.  Sometimes people don’t recognize it until they get older.”  Her voice got quieter, as though she were talking to herself while recalling a distant memory.  “That’s how it was with my brother and me.”
“I didn’t know you had a brother.”
“He was...he died a long, long time ago.”
One by one, the fairies made their way out of the cave and darted down the tunnel, probably on their way back to their crystal-filled home.
“What happened to him?”
Her mother sighed, stood up and offered her hand to pull Loki up from the floor.  “Tell you what,” she said, “when all of this is over, I still owe you an explanation and I’ll tell you about my earlier life.”  She noticed the smirk on her daughter’s face.  “What?”
“Including Silas?”
The brief moment of surprise turned into the realization that their exchanges hadn’t gone unnoticed by her daughter.  Gwynn’s eyes narrowed as she gave this some thought.  “Only if you tell me about Kado.”
Loki’s face lit up with shock and her mouth gaped open slightly.  “There’s nothing going on with Kado.”
“Uh, huh.”

TWENTY FIVE

_______________


Loki stood in line for the mid-day meal, listening to the din in the dining hall created by the chatter.  When she reached the pot of stew, she picked up the ladle and poured some into her bowl.  It smelled delicious but her appetite wasn’t very strong; she was just going through the motions.  She grabbed a piece of bread and turned to look for Waysu or Kado.
She noticed Kado waiting in line to get his food.  Another guy was talking to him but it appeared he wasn’t into the conversation.  She couldn’t help but notice the strong presence he carried or maybe it was the full head of black curls against his browned skin that drew her attention.  She observed from a distance and thought back to her mother’s implication that there was an attraction between them but she didn’t know what to think.  It’s not like she had a lot of experience in that area.  In fact, she had none.  Why was it so easy for her to detect that something was going on between her mother and Silas but so hard to figure out her own feelings?
As she gazed at Kado, she noticed an odd sensation in the pit of her belly.  Warmth spread through her, topped with a sensation of butterflies in her gut.  What were these feelings?  They were unsettling and she didn’t understand.
She wasn’t too enamored with the idea of becoming romantically involved.  The only relationship she had ever observed was her parents’ and, if that’s what it’s like, she wasn’t interested.
Besides, she was concerned about her mother.  She overheard Silas tell Gwynn that he believed she was up to something.  She and her mother hadn’t had much time to talk, but since then, she had the impression that her mother was avoiding her.  Then, to top it all off, she had a disturbing dream where her mother was in danger and no one was around to help.
Kado glanced in her direction and their eyes locked.  Loki felt her face get hot.  She grinned at him and quickly turned away to look for a seat.  Fortunately, she saw Waysu taking a seat at a table and the seat next to her was empty.  Loki walked quickly to claim it when, without any warning, a considerable group of fairies buzzed past so close that she had to duck to prevent a collision with her head.
She walked to the space beside Waysu and sat as she observed the fairies fly straight for Morten.  Their erratic movements reminded Loki of a beehive that had just been disturbed.  They were agitated and Morten’s face looked from one to another to another, as though he had numerous people trying to converse with him all at once.
He held up his hands to stop them.  Then the fairies did something strange.  They created a shape in the air in front of Morten, similar to an oval.  Some fairies flew at the top of the oval and their wings turned solid black.  Two fairies flew inside the oval and also turned their wings black.  The rest of the fairies flew inside it, near the bottom, creating a distinct black pattern.
Loki whispered to Waysu.  “Are you watching this?”
The conversations in the cave stopped, as all eyes were on the fairies.
“Uh huh.  Looks like a man with a beard and mustache.”
Then the fairies formed an amazing shape of a horse, running.
Morten nodded to them and they left the dining cave.  He leaned over to Silas and said something.  Then he stood and left the cave.  Afterwards, Overseers began chatting in hushed voices.
Loki and Waysu ate in silence.  Loki took a couple bites but then set her spoon down as Kado arrived and sat opposite them.
“Did you see that?” he asked.
“The fairies?” asked Loki.
“Yes.  I think they were telling Morten that the Brethren of Darkness are on the move.”
“How do you know that?” asked Waysu.
“The leader of the Brethren has dark hair and a mustache and beard.  It looked like the fairies were referring to him.  Plus I saw him one time when I was a kid and it reminded me of him.”
Loki looked at him in astonishment.  “Seriously?”
“Yeah.  When I was young, I lived with my uncle in a village in the desert.  The Lord of the Brethren and some of his men came to recruit kids.  Actually, he wasn’t giving them much choice.  My uncle hid me before he came to our house.  I remember smelling a strange scent before they showed up and it lingered for awhile after they left.  It smelled like something was burning but not like anything I’ve smelled before.  But I snuck a look at him as he was leaving.”  Kado gazed at an empty spot on the table as he recalled the memory.  “Everything about him was dark.  The smell was dark.  He wore a black cape and dark clothes underneath.  His hair, his beard and mustache, even his eyes were dark.  Afterwards, I asked my uncle if he smelled the burning smell.  He didn’t know what I was talking about but he didn’t want to stay in that village any longer.  We packed up and headed to a village near the sea, to stay with my aunt and her husband.”
Loki stared at him as he talked; absorbing the heaviness of what the experience must have been like for him.  After a few moments of silence, Kado raised his gaze and looked into her eyes.  Loki wanted to look away but found that she couldn’t.  Waysu noticed them staring at each other and they didn’t look like they were going to stop any time soon.  Finally, Waysu loudly cleared her throat and broke their concentration.

~~~
Morten walked briskly through the tunnels, poking his head into various caves as he passed by.  He snuck a momentary look around a corner, down one of the side tunnels and saw the person he wanted.
“Oh, there you are, Garmund.”
Garmund stepped back from the wall where he had just retrieved a crystal that was fading and replaced it with a new one.  He turned at the sound of his name.
“Yes, Morten?”
“I need a favor.  Can you bring me some hot stones to my upper cave, please?  I need them right away.”
“Of course,” replied Garmund.
“Thank you.  I’m heading there now.”
Morten walked away and headed for his room.  Since it was meal time, few people were milling through the tunnels.
He knew the fairies were nervous about the possibility of the Guardians or the Brethren locating their crystal.  He had been watching the forces himself and knew they were getting close to figuring it out, but the last time he checked, they hadn’t made any moves.  It was time to take another look.
He entered his room and walked to the wall next to his bed.  He touched the surface of the wall and pressed.  A rock door quietly pivoted open and exposed a set of stairs leading upward.  He stepped through the small opening and the slab closed behind him.
As he climbed the steps, he breathed in the fresh air that was coming from above.  The stairs took him to a quaint grotto that had pillows on the floor and some blankets.  Natural light came through an opening to the outside.  It was high up in the Great Mountains and offered a beautiful view to the south.  Morten walked to the opening and looked out.  The bottom edge of the hole was at waist level and extended several feet over Morten’s head.  It was a natural break to the outside and the cave itself had been enlarged slightly to give Morten enough space to be comfortable without being disturbed when he spent time there, watching over things.
By the fresh air that got sucked past him, he knew Garmund had opened the door below.  Garmund was getting on in years but he had been with the Overseers for most of his adult life.  He had made it clear to Morten, when they first met forty five years ago, that he didn’t want to be an active member.  Garmund was a simple-minded man and preferred to stay in the background.  He had been a dedicated worker, maintaining the Overseers’ facility, and was a trusted and devoted friend to Morten.
Morten heard his labored breathing as he climbed the stairs, carrying a heavy metal bucket containing rocks.  Morten picked up a pillow from the floor and stood next to a carved depression in the floor.  Garmund used his gloved hands to remove three hot river rocks from the bucket and set them into the cavity in the floor.  They were substantial in size and fit perfectly into the cavity, as though it had been carved specifically for those rocks.
“Thank you.  Come back in a couple hours as I might need fresh ones, if I’m still here.”
“I will check with you then.”  He was still breathing heavily as he turned to walk down the stairs.
Morten set the pillow over the rocks and sat down on it.  The rocks helped to keep him warm while he sat in his special cavern, high in the Great Mountains, and kept an eye on the forces.
He pulled a vial of liquid out of his pocket and carefully poured exactly one drop onto the palm of his opposite hand.  He set the vial on the stone floor and used the same hand to replace the lid.  Then, with his palm open, he blew onto the drop of liquid.  As he blew, the liquid formed into a bubble which grew bigger with every breath.  The bubble floated off his hand and hung in the air.
Morten spoke to it.  “Show me the Brethren of Darkness, past, present and tomorrow, regarding the crystal.”
There was no point in looking far into the future because, as Morten knew, the choices made in the present affect the future.  So, why waste his time viewing something that may or may not happen?  If something in the past, the present or the very next day required intervention by the Overseers, then that would change the future anyway.
Image after image played out, revealing the Brethren’s activity.  Morten’s face grew more solemn with each one as his concern grew.
“Show me the Guardians of Light, regarding the crystal, tomorrow.”
After a brief moment, he had seen enough.  There was no time to waste.  He stuck his finger into the bubble.  Pop!  He sat for another moment, reflecting on the scenes.  Well, we’ll see how Loki handles this, he thought.  He grabbed the vial off the floor and stuffed it into his pocket as he got to his feet and scurried down the stairs.

TWENTY SIX

_______________


After the meal, Loki went in search of Gwynn.  She needed to ease her concerns about her mother.  She checked her room, the training cave, and everywhere she could think of but didn’t find her.  Perhaps her mother was having a late meal.
Loki returned to the dining hall just as Silas stepped out.
“Have you seen my mother?”
“No.  Did you check the practice cave?”
Loki nodded.  “I’ve looked a lot of places.”  She studied Silas for a moment, wondering whether to ask him what it is that he suspects her mother is thinking of doing.  If he knew about her dream, then maybe he could stop her mother from putting herself in danger, if that’s what she planned to do.
Silas started walking away.  “I’ve got to go.”  He stopped and turned back to Loki.  “Maybe she’s outside.  This might be our last afternoon to relax for awhile so a bunch of people were headed out there.  You should go.  Get some fresh air.  Enjoy yourself.”  Then he turned and left.
Loki stood in the tunnel outside the dining hall and watched him walk away.  She glanced inside the dining area and saw that the room was empty except for the few people that were cleaning up after the meal.
Maybe he’s right, she thought.  She might be outside.
The high terrain on the northern slope of the Great Mountains was slightly more forgiving than the jagged peaks and sheer cliffs that made up the southern side.  Sporadic bluffs and rock outcroppings dotted the northern edge just below the peaks and they were interspersed with groves of hardy pines that provided excellent cover.  The trees allowed the Overseers to get fresh air and sunshine without being seen by anyone down below since the only way to reach the pine grove was from a cave, high up on the mountain.  It was the same cave that led Loki and the others to the fairies’ Sprite Orchid the night before their indoctrination.
Loki stepped through the opening and felt the sun’s rays.  She stood there for a moment with eyes closed, basking in the warmth.  Then suddenly the bright light on her face faded as though some great shadow had passed over the sun.  Iciness swept through her body and she shuddered.  She opened her eyes and noticed a dark gray cloud covering the sun, which was odd because it wasn’t there the previous moment.  She watched as it moved away, ever so slowly.  The light and the warmth returned but it took another moment for the deep chill to leave.
Then she turned and followed the foot path that paralleled the cliff wall.  Before reaching the young pine tree with the Sprite flower on the other side, she was about to walk down the sloped hillside toward the big pine grove when she heard someone giggle.  It sounded like it came from her right but the only thing to her right was the cliff.
Right away, she recognized the laugh.  She stopped and turned, letting her eyes casually observe the rock surface.  As soon as she spotted them, Waysu and Kado jumped away from the cliff and shouted.
“Boo!”
Like chameleons, their bodies instantly changed from the color and facets of the rock wall, back to their natural human form.  Even though Loki knew it was Kado and Waysu, in her preoccupied state the sudden movement still startled her.  She jumped slightly and then giggled with them.
“We’ve been waiting a long time for you,” Waysu said.  “We thought you were right behind us when we came out after eating.”
“I was trying to find my mother.”  Loki looked down the slope at the grove of trees, wondering if her mother was down there.  “Have you seen her?”
“No,” offered Kado.  He ran down the slope playfully.  “But come on.  Let’s go check.”
Waysu and Loki walked down after him.
“Are you still worried about your mother?” asked Waysu.
“Yeah.  It would help if I could talk with her.”
“Well, maybe you’ll see her at the evening meal.  Besides, she was an Overseer long before you were even a thought.  If she’s up to something, she probably knows what she’s doing.  Ooh.  Maybe Morten gave her a secret assignment.  Did you think of that?”  Waysu’s face lit up as if she had just solved a mystery.  “That would explain why Silas wouldn’t know about it.”
“Hmmm.  Maybe you’re right.”
“Come on.”
Waysu trotted down the hill and Loki followed behind.
They found boulders to sit on, enjoying the warmth of the rock and the feel of the fresh breeze on their faces.  Other Overseers lounged in different spots throughout the grove but there was no sign of Gwynn.  Loki glanced around and noticed some Overseers playing chameleon with the trees, the ground, and any other object that was in the area.  Kado lay on the ground, apparently taking a nap, while several of his buddies conversed beside him.
A raven squawked loudly in the distance, again causing Loki to involuntarily shudder.
“I still find it difficult to relax knowing that something is about to happen,” Loki said.
“I know what you mean,” offered Waysu.  “On one hand we have to be calm and patient.  On the other hand we have to be ready to spring into action in a split second.”
“Yeah, I know.”  Loki glanced around at some of the older people and they appeared as though they didn’t have a care in the world.  “I guess we get used to it after awhile, huh?”
“That’s what Silas says.”
“Kado looks like he’s doing okay with it.  He’s fallen asleep,” Loki said.
“Don’t worry about it.  You’re better at it than you credit yourself.  We’ll do just fine.”
Loki let out a sigh and smiled at Waysu.  “I suppose.” 
Once more, she glanced at Kado and his friends but Kado was no longer there.  She looked in several directions but didn’t see him and thought he must have slipped back into the mountain or morphed with something when she wasn’t looking.
She closed her eyes again and stilled her mind.  She sensed something had changed in the ethers around her.  She kept her eyes closed as she listened to the sounds.  She heard others conversing quietly, the breeze rustled through the trees, occasionally a songbird let out a chirp, but there was something else and it was moving closer.
With her inner senses, she was aware of the tall pine tree a few feet behind her and could also sense Waysu sitting to her left on another boulder.  She probed with her inner awareness to find the location where the energy shifted.  The space near the tree was being taken up by another presence.  It was subtle.  All the other sounds and energy shifted ever so slightly, as though they traveled around the newly occupied space like water rerouting itself to bypass an obstruction.
She knew who it was and opened her eyes.  In one quick move, Loki was on her feet facing the tree.  Her hands and legs assumed a stance that announced she was ready to act, to engage if necessary.  Just as she did, Kado’s camouflaged form stepped away from the tree and he returned to normal.
He wore a mischievous grin.  “I guess you’re too good for me.”  He cocked his head and raised an eyebrow, as if he were inviting a response.
Loki relaxed her stance.  She thought he was teasing her but she immediately grasped the double meaning behind his words.  What he said was that she was too good at sensing the shift in energy for him to be able to sneak up on her; what he implied was that she was too good to be romantically involved with him, as though he was testing the waters.
She glanced at him with half a smirk on her face.  He smiled back.
“Oh, brother,” Waysu said as she stood and took a few steps until she was up against the trunk of a tall pine.  She crossed her arms over her chest and morphed to blend in with the bark.  “Pretend I’m not here.”

~~~
Loki and other Overseers were positioned in the trees in various locations at the base of the mountain, below the crystal crevice that led to the cave.  The sound of approaching riders broke the silence.  There were two separate groups, coming from different directions, and she sensed a confrontation was about to begin.
She kept a clear head and reminded herself that her only responsibility was to prevent someone from climbing the side of the hill, discovering the crystal-lined crevice, and entering the mountain.  Beyond that, it wasn’t her concern.
Shouts were heard.  Horses brayed and metal clanged together as swords made contact.  Two men were engaged in the battle.  Loki startled when she noticed that one was her brother, Tannis.  Two more riders began to fight.  One had a dagger.  It was a woman.  She jumped from her horse and was preparing to throw the dagger at the man who was making a move for his sword.
Without warning, a mist appeared.  It thickened into a gray blanket that quickly covered the area.  More horses brayed and more shouts came as confusion set in.
Loki closed her eyes and listened.  Suddenly her mind was filled with images, a collage of scenes playing across her mind’s eye:  Tannis struggled with the strength of his adversary as his sword broke from his grip and flew through the air; her mother under attack and fighting with someone on her horse; Elwyn standing next to a tree, her hands moving as though she were drawing someone to her.  Loki had a bad feeling.  Something wasn’t right.
She heard herself involuntarily cry out.  “No!”
Loki bolted upright.  Waysu sat on the edge of the bed, her hand on Loki’s arm.
“Are you all right?” asked Waysu.  “I’ve been trying to wake you.”
Loki’s breaths were fast and shallow, her forehead covered in sweat.  Waysu reached out with the sleeve of her nightshirt and brushed the droplets off her forehead.
“It’s going to be okay.”  Waysu tried to reassure her but as she spoke, she could tell by the look in Loki’s eyes that they were just empty words.

TWENTY SEVEN

_______________


It had been near pandemonium inside the caves ever since breakfast that morning, as preparations were made and Overseers rushed to their assigned posts.  During the morning meal Morten had given the word that the Brethren and the Guardians were both on the move and would be in the area by afternoon.  He didn’t believe in a slow integration for neophytes.  In no uncertain terms, he told all Overseers, “It’s time to walk the walk!”  Loki wasn’t sure but she thought Morten stared directly at her when he uttered that statement.
She was assigned to Silas’s group.  They were to position themselves in the forest, on the southern flank of the Great Mountains, and spread out to cover a broad area while preventing access to the crystal-filled crevice.
Because of his skills with a sword, Kado was assigned to assist one of the sentries in guarding her post.  Loki assumed it wasn’t Adele, since he hadn’t mentioned her by name, although, she was curious and wondered if the sentry was young and beautiful.  She almost kicked herself for even having that thought.
At breakfast, Loki saw her mother sitting at Morten’s table.  She wasn’t able to find her mother the day before and Gwynn wasn’t at the evening meal.  Loki started wondering whether there was some truth to Waysu’s comment about Morten giving her a secret assignment.  She saw her mother leave the dining cave after breakfast and made one more attempt to catch up with Gwynn but Morten beat her to it.  Loki stayed a few steps behind them as they walked through the tunnel and she overheard part of their conversation.
“Where have you been hiding?” Loki heard Morten ask.
Gwynn looked at him and spoke so quietly, Loki wasn’t sure whether she heard correctly but it sounded like Gwynn had taken some time to be alone.
“Silas needs help with some things and I told him you’d help.”
Gwynn stopped walking and looked at Morten.  Loki stepped to the side and tried to look inconspicuous among the other Overseers walking through the tunnel, but if either of them turned around they’d know she was eavesdropping.
She glanced at her mother.  From Gwynn’s body posture, Loki expected she was about to refuse Morten’s request.  Then Gwynn apparently reconsidered since her posture relaxed slightly and she said, “I’ll go there now.”
As she watched her mother briskly walk away, Loki felt she lost the opportunity to speak with Gwynn.  Loki needed to finish her own preparations and there wasn’t much time left before she was expected to report to Silas’s group.  Events were unfolding quickly and they certainly couldn’t afford to wait for her if she was late so she returned to her room to finish getting ready.

~~~
Loki was ready to go but felt hesitant to leave.  She sat on the edge of her bed and watched Waysu, who was assigned to the group that was staying inside the mountain to guard every possible access from inside.  Their task was to protect the crystal caves as well as the Overseers’ quarters, so it was a large group.  Since there was limited space to fight with swords in the tunnels, the use of daggers was more logical.
Waysu tightened her belt, which held her dagger.  Loki wondered whether the idea of hand-to-hand combat bothered Waysu but she doubted it.  Waysu appeared calm, much more so than Loki would if she were assigned that role.
The dream Loki had the previous night left her with a dreaded feeling.  Her attempts at interpreting its meaning were unsuccessful and neither she nor Waysu made mention of it.  She stood, slung a bag over her shoulder and walked to the door.  Before walking out, she stopped and turned to face Waysu.
Waysu met her eyes and looked like she might say something.  Finally, she bowed her head slightly.  “May the wind guide your way, sister.”
Loki felt tongue tied.  One part of her wanted to hug Waysu goodbye.  Another part searched for something more personal to say.  She failed at acting on either of those choices so she simply bowed her head in return and walked out of their room.
The tunnel was packed with a throng of people going in both directions, solemn looks on their faces as they went about their business.  Silas’s group was meeting in the crystal cave and planned to use the crevice to get outside.  There wasn’t enough time to go the long way around.
As Loki passed her mother’s room, she caught a glimpse of her inside.  She continued on but then decided she couldn’t leave without saying something; she’d be quick.  Turning back, she worked her way between the wall and the oncoming mass of people.  At her mother’s room, she poked her head through the opening and noticed that Gwynn wasn’t alone.  Gwynn stood with her arms crossed over her chest, a look of agitation on her face, and Silas was doing the talking.
Loki stood in the doorway and didn’t go any farther out of concern that they might be arguing.  Before she could back out into the tunnel full of people, she heard part of the conversation.
“Well, some things never change.  You’re as stubborn now as you were back then,” spouted Silas.
Gwynn held her stance but said nothing.
Silas shook his head, seeing he was having no effect on her.  “Does Morten know?”
“There’s nothing to know, Silas.”  Gwynn knew that he could tell she was lying but she had to stick to her story.  Otherwise, if she told him what she was thinking, he would either stop her or involve himself and she didn’t want him to do either.
Silas stepped closer.  “You always were a bad liar, Gwynn.  Things are about to get tough and we must stay focused on protecting the crystal and the fairies.”  As soon as the words left his mouth, he regretted the way it sounded.
Gwynn’s face reddened.  “I’m well aware of our priorities!  I have no intention of shirking that responsibility.”
“I didn’t mean it that way.  I just...”  He reached out with his hand, as though he might touch her cheek, but then he pulled back and dropped his arm.  He sighed in frustration.  “I can see that you’re not going to budge.”
Loki stepped back to get out of view of the doorway before she was spotted.  Her foot caught on the heel of an Overseer that had just passed by the opening and she stumbled.  She caught herself before falling but not before causing enough commotion that Gwynn and Silas turned.  Her eyes met her mother’s gaze just as the mass of bodies pushed her forward.
She pushed her way through the people as fast as she could to put distance between her and her mother’s room, fighting back tears along the way.  Loki didn’t know whether to be angry or worried but she couldn’t shake the feeling that her mother was up to something; something that had Silas concerned and that she wasn’t telling Morten.
Loki navigated the tunnels and descended the stairs to get to the lower caves, doing her best to return her attention to the priority at hand.  She was surprised to see Morten in the crystal cave.  In the state she was in, she couldn’t bear to meet his piercing gaze, which looked right through a person to see the truth of what was going on inside.  Overhearing Morten’s conversation, it was apparent that he planned to remain inside the cave to help protect the crystal.
Loki quickly found her group and waited with the others for Silas.  She sat on the ground, leaned against a boulder, and wished she could just stay there and blend into the background.  Fairies were everywhere, some flying around observing the activity, others resting in small groups on the walls and ceiling.
Loki closed her eyes and did her best to relax and to quit thinking.  All of a sudden, Morten’s face appeared before her mind’s eye and she heard, “All things happen for a reason.  Accept that and let it go.”  His words were so clear; she assumed he was standing right next to her when he said it.  Her eyes popped open and she glanced around.
She saw him still on the other side of the cave talking with some Overseers, his back to her.  She watched him closely.  After a moment, he turned and grinned directly at her.  Loki made an effort to grin back and Morten returned to the conversation.
About ten fairies flew past but one broke away and buzzed her.  It hovered, mid-air, about six inches in front of her face.  She watched as it came closer and moved lower.  While flapping its wings to stay airborne, it reached out with one tiny hand and placed it over her heart.  She felt warmth spread throughout her chest and the emotions she was trying to fight back came to the surface.  Tears trickled down her face.
Silas stepped into the cave.  “Everyone ready?”
As if it understood Loki had to leave, the fairy flew away and Loki wiped the tears with her sleeve.

TWENTY EIGHT

_______________

Tannis, Guardians of Light
En Route to the Great Mountains

The Guardians rode without speaking as they left the Northland, heading south to the Great Mountains.  The clop, clop of horse hooves on hard ground broke the eerie silence.  Tannis and Noya certainly weren’t speaking and the tension between them was so thick that Katarina and Simon didn’t want to get caught in the middle.
When Tannis discovered that two more lakes had existed at the time the journal was written, one in the Northland and one in the Great Mountains, he approached Markus.  Of course he would have preferred to speak to Markus alone but it was impossible to find him without Noya by his side.  Markus barely contained his excitement at the news.  Noya, on the other hand, was clearly guarded.  Tannis had asked Markus for permission to go on the quest alone but Markus insisted that Noya and two other Guardians accompany him.  “It will speed up the search,” he explained.
Noya seemed overly insistent that she stay with Markus and, while Tannis found her unwillingness to leave him a bit strange, he secretly hoped Markus would give in to her.  Unfortunately, Markus brushed off her concerns with a toss of his hand and told her she was going.  Before leaving, she encouraged Markus to hold back on his enthusiasm, which irritated Tannis.  For once, he wished she could be supportive and give him credit for his innovative thinking.  It’s not like she came up with the idea!
Tannis, Noya, Katarina and Simon had searched above the old lake bed in the Northland but the terrain didn’t match the description in the journal.  It didn’t take Noya long to express her views on the matter.
“This is pointless.  Let’s move on.”
Her attitude angered Tannis but he kept his mouth closed for two reasons.  First, it was obvious there was no crystal crevice in the Northland.  Secondly, if he confronted Noya, there was a good chance he would lose face in front of the other Guardians.  After all, she was the Guardians’ second-in-command.  So he kept his cool and didn’t talk.
Heading south, they passed an occasional farmer, a merchant and a few travelers along the road who respectfully moved aside to let them pass.  Their white tunics and gold sashes announced not only that they were Guardians but that they were on a quest.
“Halt!” shouted Katarina.  She realized that Noya and Tannis were both preoccupied and hadn’t been paying attention.  Katarina pointed up in the sky, above the tree line to their left, to a group of black birds that were flying overhead.
“Ebonravens.”
They stopped and looked in that direction, just as two horses with riders broke out of the trees, riding at full speed.  They were using an old trail that had been replaced by the road on which the Guardians currently stood.  The riders headed northeast in such haste that their black capes tossed and whipped behind them like flags in the wind.
“Brethren of Darkness,” muttered Simon.
The Guardians hadn’t had time to find cover and knew they were out in plain sight.
“Do you think they saw us?” asked Noya.
“Hard to say,” offered Simon.
The Brethren didn’t show signs of slowing down.
Once they were out of sight, Noya craned her head toward Tannis.  With a shrewd look in her eyes, she asked, “Where do you think they’re going, Tannis?”
“How should I know?”  He gazed ahead but as soon as he asked that question, he remembered the dream he had when he thought that Elwyn took something from him.  Between that and his past history with her, Tannis suddenly felt very uncomfortable.  He thought back over everything and recalled the feeling he had that someone was watching when he studied the old maps.  Darn it all!!
Noya studied his face and noticed the change in his expression.  “You gullible twit!  It’s your sister, isn’t it?!?”  She wanted nothing more than to yank Tannis off his horse and pummel him into the ground but she knew this wasn’t the time.  She glanced back in the direction where they lost sight of the Brethren.  “They know!”  She pondered the significance of this realization and turned her horse to face Simon and Katarina.
She nodded her head toward the old trail.  “You two, stop them.  More than likely they’re headed to the old lake bed where we already looked.  It won’t take them long to discover there is nothing there.  My guess is they’ll be joining us at the site in the Great Mountains as well.”  She glared back at Tannis.  “Who knows, maybe others are already there waiting for us.”  Turning back to Simon and Katarina, she added, “Join us as soon as you can.  And, let’s just hope they’re not rallying to attack our post.”
While Noya gave orders to Simon and Katarina, Tannis’s horse grew restless.  Perhaps it sensed what he was about to do.  He let the horse show its impatience.  Tannis could barely contain his own at the thought that there could be Brethren on the other side of the Great Mountains at this moment, retrieving the crystal.  He couldn’t stand it any longer and spurred his horse into an all out run.  He knew Noya wouldn’t yell at him.  If the Brethren hadn’t seen them, she wouldn’t compromise their location with yelling.
He spurred the horse at full speed and, after some time, risked a look behind to see if Noya was on his tail.  There was no one.  He was alone.

TWENTY NINE

_______________

Elwyn, Brethren of Darkness
En Route to the Great Mountains

Elwyn had kept pace with Bortundo and the others, although she was starting to tire.  She didn’t mind letting it show since they were nearing the Great Mountains and it would be her excuse to lag behind.
They rode hard all night long, only stopping a couple of times to rest and water their horses.  Each time, she excused herself to find a bush, also using that valuable time to tune into Tannis’s latest activity.  She gave Bortundo updates and, when he questioned how she knew without them participating in the circle, she explained that it was because of what Draevil taught her along with her close psychic connection with her brother.  Bortundo didn’t seem totally convinced but he accepted her answer.
By the time they stopped for the first break, Bortundo’s horse had developed a limp.  He didn’t hesitate to let it go and transferred his gear to one of the spare horses.  By the second stop, another horse was injured and the last spare horse was taken.
The five of them had paused on the western end of the Great Mountains to discuss the plan before parting ways.  Bortundo had instructed two of his men to ride quickly to the Northland and explore the area above the dried up lake bed.   He wanted them to return as quickly as possible, with or without the crystal, and rejoin him and Carlos.  Elwyn used this last stop to seek out another bush, ignoring Bortundo rolling his eyes at having to take time for this petty woman’s business.
This time she took enough time to hear Bortundo yelling for her to get moving.  “We don’t have time for this nonsense!”
Elwyn stayed behind the bush and yelled back.  “I’m sick.  Go ahead.  I’ll catch up.”
She heard Bortundo and Carlos spur their horses onward.  What she didn’t hear was Bortundo muttering, “Suits me just fine.”
Elwyn waited until they were out of sight to return to her horse.  She mounted and rode just fast enough to hear Bortundo and Carlos up ahead but slow enough to stay out of sight.
She watched as they rode to the vicinity pointed out on the map.  There was a depression in the earth at the base of the hillside.  Grasses and other vegetation had grown in but it was easy to imagine a lake having filled that area at one time.  Some boulders sat in the basin which must have been buried by the water, unless they rolled down off the mountain from up above.  Seeing the rocky cliff made the last option seem more than feasible.
Elwyn dismounted and guided her horse to an area behind thick brush, expecting it wouldn’t easily be seen by anyone else who might be in the vicinity.  She tethered it and felt for the pouch that hung from her belt inside her cape to be certain it was still there.  She knew it was; she had felt for it often since they left the desert but she wanted that last reassurance that all was in place.
Slowly, she navigated her way closer to the lake bed, using trees and shrubs to conceal her presence.  She watched as Bortundo and Carlos rode back and forth, in front of the cliffs, picking out the best place to climb upward.  Bortundo pointed to an area and they both dismounted.  The horses were clearly exhausted from the hard ride but after a few moments, their breathing slowed and they began grazing on some of the moisture-filled vegetation.
The climbing was tough, both of them searching carefully for each hand and foot hold.  They had climbed several feet above the ground when, as if a giant finger had reached out and flicked them off the face of the cliff, they both fell.  They stood, brushed themselves off, and massaged a few sore spots.  Then they returned their attention to the cliff and were about to climb, once again, when they heard a rider approaching.
Not knowing who it was, Bortundo and Carlos quickly grabbed their horses and ran for cover.
Elwyn knew who it was so she simply stayed in hiding and waited.

THIRTY

_______________

Loki
Great Mountains

Silas had led them out through the crevice lined with crystals.  Loki questioned how they would fit through the narrow space.  When it was her turn, though, she approached it and was carried outside by the force before she could even think about it.  It was like stepping into a river of energy and, once in it, the river carried her through without any effort on her part.
From the cliff, they had a good view and Silas assigned positions.  Some Overseers stayed on the mountain, like himself, and some climbed down the rock face and morphed with a tree down below.  Loki took a position on the edge of the old lake bed, where she had a clear line of sight to the cliff containing the crystal crevice.
She had waited patiently for a few hours, occasionally nibbling on a snack from her bag or taking a sip of water.  Without warning, she heard riders approach.  They stopped and examined the cliff, then rode up and down its length as they studied it.  There were two men, both wore black capes.  A few blackbirds perched high on the cliff above them.  Loki knew they were members of the Brethren of Darkness.
They dismounted and began climbing.  Silas and a couple other Overseers were placed in positions on the cliff but Loki needed to stop the two climbers before they even got that far.  From where she stood, she spun her hand through the air, as if stirring a drink, and flung the swirling energy in their direction.  The men fell to the ground.
She would continue this, if necessary, until they decided to leave or try something else.  She watched as they brushed themselves off and prepared to attempt it again, when another rider approached.  The two Brethren quickly grabbed the reins of their horses and ran for cover.
Loki waited patiently and watched as the other rider came into view.  It was Tannis.  He looked around as though he expected to find someone else at this location.  After seeing no one, his attention went to the cliff.  For a fleeting moment, Loki wished she could warn him but she knew that if she became attached to the outcome, her presence would be compromised.  Just as quickly, she cleared her head and watched.

THIRTY ONE

_______________

Tannis
Great Mountains

After he realized that Noya wasn’t in pursuit, Tannis had slowed his horse as he thought about what he had just done.  Why should she follow me?  She probably wants me dead anyway.  This saves her the effort...just send me off to my grave, why don’t you?  His hands made gestures while he had the silent conversation with himself.
On the other hand, he knew he had to try to find the crystal.  He imagined himself riding into the Northland and giving it to Markus, while Noya stood off to the side embarrassed that she hadn’t offered more support.
He had been so engrossed in his inner dialogue that he didn’t realize how close he was to the old lake bed.  He needed to pay attention, especially since there might be Brethren around.  Tannis kept his eyes peeled as he entered the area, looking in all directions as he moved along.  He navigated his horse slowly to the gradual depression that he knew was the old lake.  Once more, he glanced in all directions and saw absolutely no one so he directed his attention to the cliff, wondering how he could get up to where he thought the crevice might be located.
He remained on his horse, since he had a better view from that height, and walked back and forth along the cliff until he noted a couple of places that looked navigable.  Then he directed the horse to the far side of the lake, near the trees, to get a better view of those spots.
He hadn’t even heard the other horses until they were upon him.  Two Brethren casually brought their horses beside him, one on each side.
Carlos leaned forward to look past Tannis at Bortundo.  “Hey, Bortundo.  Do you think he’s eyeing the same spot we just tried?”
Bortundo eyed the cliff.  “I think you’re right, Carlos.”
Tannis swiftly pulled his dagger from his belt and lashed at Carlos, on his left.  At the same time, he spurred his horse forward.  He knew he’d cut the man but, how badly he injured him, he didn’t know.  He tried to buy himself enough time to chant a spell and call upon the Empress of Light for protection.  Then again, he had only gained enough distance to pull his sword and turn his horse, just in time to stop Bortundo’s sword from striking.  Metal clanged and Tannis realized he was no match for Bortundo’s brute strength.
Tannis barely broke free of Bortundo and spurred his horse again, only to be met with Carlos’s sword.  Carlos was bleeding and already losing strength.  Tannis took another swipe at Carlos.  His blade nearly struck the horse in the face and it reared on its hind legs, crying out in protest.  Carlos tumbled to the ground.
Tannis kept the momentum of his swing going while he yanked his horse’s reins to turn and face Bortundo.  There was more momentum this time but when the swords clashed, Tannis’s sword broke from his grip, tumbling hilt over blade, through the air.  It came down, point first, and lodged in the ground.
What happened next was so bizarre that Tannis had to believe that someone else was in the vicinity.  He jumped from his horse to retrieve his sword and caught a glimpse of Bortundo turning around for another pass.  At the same time, Tannis noticed a strange fog engulfing the area, as though someone had dropped a gray blanket from the cloudless sky.
He grabbed the hilt of his sword and pulled, while he was running to fend off Bortundo.  The blade didn’t budge; it was lodged solidly in the ground and Tannis was jerked backwards onto his back.  He wondered if Bortundo had cast a spell to render him weaponless but just before he lost sight of Bortundo in the fog, he heard Bortundo’s horse bray and watched it rear on its hind legs, as though it had just sighted a snake at its hooves.  Bortundo struggled to regain control.
The fog prevented sound from travelling, which created a creepy silence.  Tannis couldn’t hear Bortundo’s horse anymore.  He jumped to his feet and pulled on the hilt of his sword again.  This time, it broke free.
Without warning, the flank of another horse appeared.  Tannis prepared himself to strike its rider when a hand reached toward him.  It held no weapon and he recognized the sleeve of the white tunic.  He locked hands with wrists and was pulled onto the moving horse.
He kept his sword at the ready and noticed that Noya had her dagger in hand.  She pulled on the reins to slow her horse, afraid they might collide with the Brethren, the cliff or a tree.  Cautiously, they moved through the fog, relying totally on eyesight to alert them to danger since there was no sound.  Tannis kept checking in all directions, even behind them, for surprises.
Noya had tried to memorize the layout of the land and hoped she recalled everyone’s position right before the fog closed in, so she prayed that she was taking the right course.  She wanted to take them back in the direction from which they came.
Her horse was jittery, easily spooked by the unnatural silence.  It jerked its head, as though it was aware of something or someone.  Carlos suddenly appeared in the fog and as soon as he saw them, he swung his sword.  Noya threw her dagger.  Carlos dropped his sword and grabbed his hand, with the dagger lodged in the backside of it.  His mouth opened wide as though he cried out in pain but the fog swallowed the noise before it could be heard by the others.
Noya kicked her horse and pointed it in the direction that she hoped would lead them out of the fog.

THIRTY TWO

_______________

Elwyn
Great Mountains

Elwyn stayed out of sight and watched as her brother entered the old lake area.  He scanned the vicinity, as if he expected to encounter someone.  She had to give him credit for being cautious but it wasn’t going to be enough.  He was about to be caught off guard, which was exactly the distraction she needed.
She watched as Bortundo and Carlos quietly mounted their horses and casually walked forward to block him on either side.  She quickly rescinded the credit she gave Tannis when she saw how oblivious he was to their presence.
Once the action started, she calmly walked through the area and stood next to a tree, closer to the cliff.  She was tempted to watch the skirmish but couldn’t waste the time.  Reaching into the pouch that hung from her waist, she took a handful of the granular substance and called to the darkness to do its work.  She tossed the clear, tiny cubes into the air and watched them form into mist that spread instantly.  Using her hands, and her words, she coaxed it toward her to make certain the whole area was covered.
All sounds were blanketed.  All was quiet; even the ebonravens perched above on the cliff.  Elwyn looked around, sighed and rubbed her hands together, ready to get to the real task at hand.  She had been practicing her new spell and was excited to use it to obtain the prize of all prizes.  First, though, she wanted to get closer to the crystal crevice to be certain it would work, assuming she was in the right spot.  Although, Tannis’s appearance made her more certain that she was in the correct area.
She picked the place where Bortundo and Carlos had begun to climb.  All she needed to do was to stand outside the crevice and use her spell, which would deliver the crystal to her right through the opening.  She smiled to herself.  If Draevil knew how she intended to gain possession of it, he would finally see her true value as a member of the order.  In fact, he might even make her his new confidant.  But why stop at that?  Once she had the crystal, she wouldn’t need the Brethren anymore and wouldn’t have to waste her time trying to prove her worth to Draevil.
No.  Once she had it in her hands, she had all the power she needed to take control.  Control over what?  Everything!  Her heart pumped faster at the excitement.  She told herself to calm down...first things first.
She rubbed her hands together and, step by step, began the climb.  She had barely climbed a couple feet above the ground when she felt an abrupt push and fell off the rock face.  Right away, she turned to see who had knocked her off.  She looked around but didn’t see anyone and, as far as she could tell, the others hadn’t found their way out from under the fog.  With furrowed brow, she scanned the area but saw nothing out of the ordinary.
She was turning her attention back to the cliff when something caught her eye and she looked toward the trees near the other edge of the lake bed.  There was a strange play of light on one of the trees.  She studied it, trying to determine whether it was the tree or whether it was an object in front of the tree.  She squinted.  There was no movement but it didn’t look like it belonged there.  She took several steps forward to get a better look.  It almost looked like two legs but with no upper body attached to them.  Next to one leg appeared something lighter.  Was she seeing someone’s skin?
Suddenly, there was a ruckus up on the cliff.  The ebonravens squawked wildly and flew from the cliff, as though they were perturbed at being forced off of their perch.  It startled Elwyn and she turned to look but didn’t see what had upset them.  She turned back toward the trees and took a couple more steps and stopped.  She no longer saw the shape.  Odd.  She let her eyes scan the area, checking for movement of any kind but there was none.
She returned to the cliff and decided that perhaps she needed a new plan.  She wasn’t sure if it would work but maybe she could still draw the crystal out.  She stood before the cliff and, with arms spread wide, began her chant.  Nothing happened at first.  All was silent and she waited.
The ground underneath her feet vibrated ever so slightly, at first.  Then it grew stronger and louder.  A boulder broke away from the cliff and crashed to the ground not two feet from her.  Then another fell.  And another.
Her chant was working but she hadn’t anticipated the cliff breaking away.  A rock bounced off the face and shot past her head.  She ducked just in time.  It was apparent that her methods were fast becoming dangerous.  If she continued, she might cave in the whole mountain.  She needed the crystal in one piece.
Quickly she spoke another spell.  A couple more boulders fell.  She waited longer and soon all was quiet once again.  She paced back and forth in front of the cliff, remembering all the spells she had been practicing.  One of them had to work.
Then she got an idea.  If she couldn’t safely draw the crystal out, perhaps she could reverse it and draw herself to it.  She thought it over and got it straight in her head before she spoke.
Elwyn stopped pacing.  She faced the cliff and chanted with all the power she could muster.  She chanted as though her life depended on it.  Then, in an instant, she disappeared.

THIRTY THREE

_______________

Loki
Great Mountains

Loki may not have had close relations with her brother but that didn’t mean she wanted to watch him die at the hands of the Brethren.  She watched pensively as he fought two of them.  She was told to remain inconspicuous and not to intervene with either the Guardians or the Brethren unless they became a threat to the crystal, the fairies, or the Overseers.  She knew she shouldn’t get involved since they were only fighting each other and weren’t approaching the cliff.  She tried to stay out of it.  She really did but when she saw Tannis’s sword fly through the air, she knew he was doomed.  Maybe if she simply prevented them from having contact, maybe that would be all right.
Tannis ran toward his sword sticking in the ground.  Loki, through the simple force of energy, placed her hands in the air, palms down, as though she were pressing on both sides of the hilt.  Tannis grabbed it with such force that, when it didn’t give, his hands slipped off and he was flung onto his backside.
Next, Loki closed her palm, as though she held something inside, and then made a motion like tossing dice.  Bortundo’s horse reared up onto its hind legs and cried out.  It couldn’t see anything but it felt an invisible wave of energy that hit with a jolt, across its chest.  Animals easily sense energy so it was a simple target.
In all her observations, there was one thing that Loki didn’t notice.  As she involved herself in the Guardians’ and the Brethrens’ fight, her camouflage began to revert back to normal human colors and features.  Only the upper half of her body was still morphed with the tree bark but her lower extremities had returned to normal.
She continued watch over the area and what she observed next was stunning.  Elwyn stood next to a tree and tossed something into the air.  Loki couldn’t see what it was but a heavy, thick fog developed instantly and concealed everyone, except Elwyn.  Using her hands, Elwyn drew the fog closer to herself, ensuring the blanket covered the whole area.  Next, she approached the cliff and started climbing.
It dawned on Loki that Elwyn was using Tannis, like a pawn, so she didn’t mind knocking her sister off the cliff.  Elwyn landed hard on her butt and quickly looked in all directions, to see who or what had pushed her.
Loki knew that Elwyn suspected another presence in the area.  Elwyn surveyed the fog covered area, obviously making sure no one had escaped her barrier.  She started to turn back to the cliff when she did a double take…in Loki’s direction.
Loki felt uncomfortable with her sister’s gaze, even though Elwyn couldn’t see her.  Then Elwyn squinted and Loki felt even more nervous.  She held completely still because, even being fully camouflaged, movement would be seen.  Elwyn took a step in Loki’s direction.  Loki feared her cover had been blown.  She lowered her eyes to check and saw that from the waist down, she was no longer camouflaged.  Fortunately, she had on dark colored pants and boots, so they didn’t stand out too much.  But then she saw that her left hand was no longer concealed and feared that her ivory white skin stood out vividly against the dark tree bark.
She realized right away that she shouldn’t have stepped in the middle of this fight or tried to help her brother.  She cleared her head and tried to focus on the energy of the tree, to fully morph with it again.  Elwyn took another step and the expression on her face told Loki she was trying hard to understand what her eyes were seeing.  Loki feared it was too late to revert back to full disguise; her attention was divided and a wave of fear washed over her.
Elwyn started walking toward her.  Loki didn’t want to fight her sister but realized that she might not have a choice, even though she worried that she would be no match for Elwyn.  She didn’t budge from her spot.  Her upper body still had camouflage and she hoped that it was in her favor.  Without warning, the ebonravens, that had been resting high on the cliff, took flight and screeched loudly as though they were forced to leave their perch.  Elwyn startled and turned to look.  Loki instantly stuffed her hands into her pockets and skirted to the back side of the tree so that she was completely blocked from Elwyn’s view.  By the time Elwyn turned back to resume her walk in Loki’s direction, Loki was out of sight.
Elwyn stopped.  She stood in place, listening to the quiet that had settled over the area again.  Her eyes shifted positions, checking for movement.  After several long moments, she apparently decided that no one was there, except those that were trapped by her magic fog blanket.
Loki peered around the tree and saw Elwyn return to the cliff.  She let out a long sigh, not realizing she had been holding her breath, and watched her sister.  Elwyn spread her arms out and, after a few moments, Loki noticed several boulders break away from the cliff and fall to the ground.  Elwyn abruptly jumped aside to dodge one of them.
It appeared she was putting herself in danger, saving Loki the trouble.  Though, after a moment, the earth became still again.  Loki wondered what Elwyn was doing.  All she could see was her backside so she watched intently.
In the next instant, her sister was gone!  Loki blinked several times in disbelief and looked around, thinking she somehow missed Elwyn change position.  She’d had a clear line of sight to Elwyn but now, there was no sign of her.  Had her mind played a trick on her?  How had Elwyn disappeared?!?  Did Silas or another Overseer do something?
Loki noticed the fog was still in place but wasn’t able to determine whether anyone had gotten out on the other side.  She wasn’t sure what to do, except that she needed to know where Elwyn went.  Did she slip under the fog?
Loki spun her finger in the air, creating another vortex of swirling energy, and tossed it at the fog.  The vortex grew as it travelled and began dissipating the magical mist.  It took awhile before anyone appeared but then she saw the two Brethren.  They stood back to back.  The large, muscular man held his sword at the ready.  The smaller man had one hand tucked under his arm, which was wrapped in a blood-stained cloth, and his uninjured hand held a dagger.
Once the mist fully disappeared, Loki saw no sign of Tannis or Elwyn.  She kept an eye on the Brethren in case they decided to make another attempt at the cliff.  They remained back to back for several more minutes, as if they expected to be attacked, and then they lowered their weapons.  By the expressions on their faces, they looked dazed and bewildered.
They glanced in all directions.  The big muscular guy massaged his head and looked like he was trying to rub the confusion away.  They walked to where one of the horses had wandered.  There was no sign of the other horse.  They both mounted the skittish horse and headed in the direction from where they came.

THIRTY FOUR

_______________

Crystal Cave
Inside the Great Mountains

Morten sat in the crystal cave and waited.  He was content that all members of the Overseers were stationed at key positions inside and outside the Great Mountains...all, except Gwynn.  He expected her to go off on her own to handle a matter that she hoped would end the Guardians’ and the Brethrens’ search for the crystal once and for all.
She didn’t tell him what she intended to do; he read it in her thoughts.  He also knew that he had to let her do it.  He knew, when someone felt as strongly about something as Gwynn did about destroying the journal, there was nothing he could say or do to change her mind.  That would be as ridiculous as trying to simply talk the Guardians or Brethren out of their pursuit of power.  No, Morten knew that the best teacher was experience and that Gwynn would never let it go unless and until she gave it her best effort to put an end to it.  He would do what he could to protect her from a distance but the wisest choice was to let her go.
Morten was in the cave by himself; the fairies covered the walls and ceiling of the adjoining caves to extinguish all other light.  He wanted the only light to come from the cave that held the primary crystal.
He gazed at it, admiring its rich, amber color and felt the strong, powerful vibrations emanating through the cool, earthen floor.  Such an interesting anomaly, to have a stunningly beautiful crystal that gives life in its current environment; yet, the devastation that would be created by its removal was astounding.  Ah, such is life, thought Morten, filled with irony and duality.
He sat in the silence and pondered some of life’s peculiarities while he patiently waited for events to unfold.  He knew he would have company soon.  There was no question as to which side would breach the crevice.  He had been watching the various members of the Guardians and the Brethren and knew most of them would not succeed.
The Brethren approached everything with bullish tactics, using brute force and manipulation for personal gain.  The Guardians had a similar approach but believed their actions were for the good of all people.  Both were conspicuous in their strategies, which made it all the easier to predict their moves and stop them.
One member of the Brethren, however, had caught Morten’s attention.  She was sly and crafty and, he suspected, had an agenda of her own.  The darkness emanating from her was substantial.  She played a dangerous game but he had to admit, if he were to bet on anyone entering the cave, it would be Elwyn.
Suddenly the cave shook.  The earth groaned as though it were being pried open.  Light flickered from the nearby caves, letting Morten know that the fairies took flight, their disjointed tune alerting him to their fear.  Shards of crystals broke from the ceiling and walls and fell to the ground.
Morten jumped to his feet.  He glanced at the golden crystal.  It appeared unharmed but smaller crystals around it had cracked.  Without warning, the big crystal flickered.  He instantly realized what was happening.  She’s drawing it out of the cave!  Fairies flew in all directions, seeking an area of safety.
It had been years since he had need for this kind of magic but time couldn’t be wasted.  He had to stop this now!  Fortunately, the trembling stopped almost as fast as it had started.  He took advantage of the moment and cited the chant, while jabbing his finger downward at the earth in front of him, as though he were demanding she stand before him that instant.  Elwyn appeared, startled and perplexed.
At the sight of him suddenly appearing before her, she jumped back.  “Wha...”  Her wide eyes took in her surroundings but Morten didn’t give her time to appreciate her location.  He grabbed her by the wrist and spun her around to face the crystal.
His voice quivered as he vehemently claimed, “You foolish girl!  You don’t even know what it is you seek!”  He took her hand and placed it on the crystal.
At first she let out a sigh of pleasure but very quickly, the darkness within her drew out the negative side to the crystal’s power.  She squirmed as though she were in pain.  Not only did visions appear in her mind but she felt the despair of the people, of the earth, of all life.  Destruction and death were all around.
She moaned and tried to pull her hand free.  “No.  No.  Stop!”
She saw herself in the vision, emaciated, starving, dying of thirst.  The land was dying, barren, devoid of vegetation.  There was an awful feeling in the pit of her gut and she realized that one common theme stood out in all that she saw.  In all the death and destruction, there was no chance left that things would get better...hope was gone!
Morten forced her hand to stay on the crystal longer than he had ever held anyone’s hand to it before.  He was surprised at his own anger that had surfaced.  He suddenly felt indignant toward the Brethren and the Guardians for pursuing this beautiful, living quartz.  Neither order was worthy of its sheer power and energy.  They were all fools!
For a moment, he wished he had brought a tool that would abolish Elwyn of all memory, leave her with nothing to hang onto for the rest of her life.  She would wander about aimlessly, not knowing who or where she was, having no way to integrate with the life around her.
Then Morten realized that he, too, had been holding the crystal longer than he should.  No wonder he was experiencing these feelings; it was affecting him as well.  He immediately released his hold and Elwyn dropped to her knees in total anguish.  She stared at the ground, her breaths coming in short gasps.  She appeared to be in shock.
Fairies swarmed in front of the crystal, blocking the small cavity from view.  They watched Morten’s face as it registered understanding.  He had always been unaffected by temptation to possess the crystal’s power for personal gain, but for the first time he understood that he wasn’t immune to the negative power that it also held.  Suddenly he felt drained.
He waved to a second swarm of fairies near the entrance of the adjoining cave.  They flew above Elwyn and hovered.  Their colorful mosaic wings changed to a solid gold color.  As they flapped in mid air, tiny gold specks began to fall from their wings onto Elwyn.  After a moment, Elwyn’s eyes closed and she dropped to the floor, falling into a deep sleep.  While the gold specks continued to fall, still other fairies gathered the specks and wove them together into a string, which they swiftly wound around her ankles and hands.
Morten knew the fairies would take it from here.  The flakes would cause her memory to be foggy for awhile but he wanted her to remember the devastating experience with the crystal, and hopefully alleviate any further desire to obtain it.  After night fall, the fairies would carry Elwyn far away from here.
Even though he felt drained of energy, Morten pulled himself together.  This wasn’t over yet.  There was something else that required his immediate attention.  He needed to check on Gwynn.

THIRTY FIVE

_______________

Gwynn
Great Mountains

Gwynn sat on the north crest of the Great Mountains and wondered why Morten assigned her this position.  True, she could look to the north and observe someone approaching from that direction, but other than that it was of no value.  After all the training she had done, what use was it to put her far from any potential action, where she would more aptly help to defend the crystal, the fairies and the Overseers?
She sat in the solitude, trying to fight her urge to leave her post.  She watched a hawk overhead, gracefully gaining altitude on the thermal air currents.  Other than that, there was no sign of life.
Then her eyes glanced to the north.  She had a clear line of sight to the Northland, the mountains that were home to the Guardians of Light...the current location of the journal...a personal journal that described, partially at best, the power of the crystal.  The darn journal that started this whole mess with the Guardians and the Brethren, years ago!  The stupid journal that she once obtained from her brother, a Guardian at the time, but then gave back to him before she realized what it was!  She gave it back out of concern that she was interfering with his free will and wasn’t remaining impartial as an Overseer and, because, she knew he would come after her.
Oh, how she regretted that one simple action; an action she played over in her mind, time and time again.  It was an action that she eventually used to convince herself that she wasn’t good enough to be an Overseer.  Of course, Morten didn’t agree with her but he stood in no one’s way of their personal choices, knowing that they had to live with the consequences of their own actions.  And, as he often said, experience was a better teacher than anything he could ever tell the members.
Gwynn had eventually convinced herself that she needed to leave the Overseers, even though she knew that once an Overseer, always an Overseer.  She wanted some time to come to terms with herself.  Then, one thing led to another, she met her husband, they got married and had children.  After some time passed and her husband began playing with the dark forces, she wanted to leave but stayed true to her responsibilities.  She had three children and couldn’t just walk away from that duty.  She told herself to stay until her kids were of age, and then she would consider returning to the Overseers.
She thought she’d be able to last a couple more years, until Loki turned eighteen, but all it took was one strong slap from her drunken husband to change her view.  It was the last straw!  If he wanted to drive himself to ruin and subject himself to the mercy of the dark powers, then that was his choice...but it wasn’t hers.  Then, in an instant, he had taken his life and that made her choices even more clear.
She was just thankful that Loki was the only child still at home.  It could have turned out quite differently if the other two were still under her care.  Now, having some hindsight into seeing how Loki was a prime candidate for the Overseers, she could appreciate the perfection in how it all turned out.  Obviously, Morten had been watching Gwynn’s life and her children, and knew of Loki’s talents.
As Gwynn continued to review her life, she found it interesting how she, an Overseer, had three children.  One chose the light, one chose the dark, and one chose the middle ground that lies between the other two.  Knowing that life’s balance was dependent upon the play of opposites, she recognized that her children were a reflection of that same principle.  How interesting.
Tannis and Elwyn were on their own, living out their choices.  Loki chose the Overseers and was now under their guidance.  Gwynn no longer felt responsible.  For the first time, since she left the Overseers years ago, she wasn’t caring for another person.  She did the best she could do with all of her experiences but now, basically, her main responsibility was the Overseers and their task of protecting the crystal and the fairies.
Suddenly, it all made sense why she was alone on that mountain, facing northward.  Her choices were simple!  That’s why Morten put her here.  He knew what she wanted to do!  In fact, by putting her in this spot, facing the Northland, away from all the action, he was basically holding the door open for her.  Gwynn smiled.  He always knows.
Gwynn jumped to her feet.  She ran to the cave entrance and hastily navigated her way through the tunnels and down the stairs to Adele’s post, where she knew her horse would be waiting.

THIRTY SIX

_______________


Adele required no explanation from Gwynn.  On her early morning walk, she sensed Gwynn’s intentions through the ethers.  When she returned to her cottage, she packed a satchel with some light food and water and saddled up Gwynn’s horse.  Everything was ready when Gwynn arrived.
They spoke very few words but their eyes revealed a bond that went beyond words.  It was an understanding shared by long time Overseers...and long time friends.
Gwynn hugged Adele.  “Thank you.”
Adele smiled and placed her hand over Gwynn’s heart.  She looked like she might say something.  Instead she searched Gwynn’s eyes for a moment, trying to determine whether Gwynn was aware of the same sense.  “Do ya’ know what the wind is saying?”
Gwynn gazed into Adele’s eyes and thought they looked sad.  She was barely aware of feeling the same sorrow but didn’t understand it.  She was so focused on her decision that she didn’t give it much thought.  She felt a strong pull to get moving, so she gave the standard reply.  “Listen with your heart and you will find the way.”
For a fleeting moment, Adele’s face registered disappointment.  It wasn’t the answer she wanted to hear or perhaps Gwynn didn’t want to talk about it.  She resigned herself to remaining neutral and gave the expected reply.  “Yer mistakes can also lead ya’ to the truth.”
“You have only to ask and the answer will be given.”  Gwynn sensed a different undercurrent but wasn’t receptive to what it was telling her.  She gave Adele another hug, walked out the door and mounted her horse.
A surge of emotion surfaced and she wanted to cry, but didn’t understand why.  There was a sense that she was leaving for good but she told herself that was ridiculous.  She would be back soon.  She fought back the tears and spurred her horse up the canyon.
She refused to look back at Adele, who, she was fairly certain, was watching her ride away.  She stuffed the tears back inside and focused ahead.  Any other time, she would have made herself stop and contemplate the meaning behind this sudden emotion.  It obviously had something to tell her and, apparently, some part of her knew what it meant.  She promised herself that she would take a look at it after she destroyed the journal.
She intended to go the most direct route to the north, which meant going through the Great Mountains instead of around them.  She knew of an old trail that would take her over one of the lower passes and it would be tough going at times so she had to keep her wits and stay alert.

THIRTY SEVEN

_______________

Tannis
Great Mountains

After they broke out of the fog and had gained a safe distance from the Brethren, who were still underneath it, Tannis tried to make small talk with Noya.  He figured the first place to start was to thank her for saving him.
He cleared his throat.  “Thanks.”
Noya said nothing.
Tannis thought perhaps she didn’t hear him so he spoke louder.  “Thanks for your help back there.”
Still she said nothing but because of their close proximity from sitting together on the same horse, he thought he felt her muscles tighten, as if she grunted a reply.
Tannis continued.  “That was a strange fog.  It wasn’t the two Brethren who did it.  They were as surprised as I was.  I think someone else was there.”
Noya held her tongue.
Tannis said no more and they rode in silence for awhile.  They rounded the southern end of the Great Mountains and Noya pointed the horse toward the Northland.
Tannis decided he had kept quiet long enough while Noya’s horse carried them farther and farther from their objective.  At first, he was relieved that she had come for him and got them out of the mystical fog but he had expected her to stop so they could discuss their new approach.  Perhaps they would hide out until the Brethren left the area.  They could stay the night and resume their search in the morning.  By then, Simon and Katarina would be with them and, certainly, four people would make more headway than one or two.
Now, he realized that Noya had no intention of taking them back to search for the crystal.
“Where are we going?” he asked.  “Why aren’t we going back there?”
“Because it’s pointless.”
“The crystal is not pointless, Noya!”
“Yes, it is.”  Then her voice lowered, and she added, “We never should have left.”
Tannis slid off the back end of the horse and hit the ground.  Noya stopped her horse.
He looked at her as though she were crazy.  “How can you talk like that?!?”  His face turned crimson and his voice raised an octave.  “You don’t want Markus to have the crystal!  You never did!  You’ve tried to undermine this entire search and you’ve belittled me in the process.”
He put his hands on his hips as he paced back and forth, his mind racing to find a solution to going back to find the crystal.  He stopped and glared at Noya.
“I don’t care if I have to walk back there, I’m going after it.  This is what Markus wants and this is what I want for him.  It will help the Guardians.  It will help the people.  How can you not see that?!?”
Tannis turned and started walking away.
“He’s sick, Tannis.  He’s ill.”
Tannis stopped in his tracks, his back to Noya.  He slowly turned to face her.  “What did you say?”
Noya stared at the ground near his feet, not quite ready to repeat it.  Finally, she gazed in his eyes.  “Markus is ill.”
His tongue suddenly felt too big for his mouth.  “Huh...wh...he told you?”
Noya shook her head.  “He doesn’t know that I know.  And, he’d better not find out that you know, either!”
Tannis pointed behind Noya.  “Do they know?”
She turned to see Simon and Katarina trotting toward them.
“No.  So, don’t say anything.  He has a heart condition, just like his father had.  He’s done well for a long time but I think that’s starting to change.  It will eventually kill him.  Stress and excitement don’t help it, either.”
Simon and Katarina stopped their horses next to Noya; all three faced a dumbfounded Tannis.  He was stunned.  Suddenly his dream of finding the crystal for Markus and the Guardians didn’t seem all that important.  If Markus died, he realized, Noya would take over and that made everything look different.  The very thing that had occupied his thoughts and his time for the past several years had, all of a sudden, been pulled out from under him.
“What happened to your horse?” asked Simon.
Tannis didn’t respond at first, he was too busy trying to imagine what the Guardians would be like under Noya’s authority.  Then, he glanced up at Simon and simply shrugged his shoulders in reply.
“Can I ride with you?” asked Tannis.
Simon glanced at Noya, wondering whether she would offer Tannis a ride since she had obviously brought him this far but she had already turned her horse toward the north and was riding away.
“Sure.”  Simon held out his hand to help Tannis up.
Simon and Katarina kicked their horses to catch up with Noya.
“We need to watch ourselves, Noya,” advised Katarina.  Her eyes searched ahead as she rode next to Noya.  “One of the Brethren got away.  Last we saw, he was headed east but he could have backtracked by now.”
Noya simply nodded but her eyes came alert as she watched for any movement beside the trail.
Simon craned his head to the side and whispered to Tannis.  “What happened back there?”
The defeat in Tannis’s voice was apparent when he responded.  “Nothing.  Nothing at all.”

THIRTY EIGHT

_______________

Gwynn
Northland

Gwynn moved swiftly to reach the Northland, even though navigating the steep descent of the Great Mountains was slow.  She had to dismount a couple of times to lead her horse through narrow passages.  Beyond that it was a mixture of rolling hills, open meadows, and patches of forest heading north until she reached the mountains of the Northland.  Her objective was clearly embedded in her head, driving her onward with such clarity and purpose that she didn’t tire from the ride.
Once she reached the Northland, going was easy.  Almost too easy, thought Gwynn.  There were trails all throughout that lead to villages scattered around the mountains.  To keep from being seen by anyone, every so often she’d leave the trail and travel as the crow flies through the forest, in the general direction of the Guardians’ headquarters.  The one thing that bothered her about doing that was that she’d startle the various avian life forms from their hiding places, which could potentially give her away to anyone else in the area.  Fortunately, it wasn’t long before she’d come across another trail and would stay on it for a short time before traipsing cross country again.
A couple of times, she thought she was being followed, but after cutting through the woods and checking behind, there were no signs that this was the case.  She thought it strange that she hadn’t encountered anyone along the way.  Was it that she succeeded at being obscure in her route?  She didn’t give it much thought before her thinking returned to the journal.
She mulled over her plan as she rode.  Once she reached the Guardians’ post, she would observe the area until she saw an opportunity and then make her move.  She was eager to destroy the journal and hoped she could get to it without being discovered.  Quick in; quick out.  No one would know she was there.
She especially didn’t want Markus to see her; he might remember her.  She thought back to the last time she saw him.  It was when her brother, Theo, was still alive.  Markus and Theo had been roommates when they first joined the Guardians.  In fact, they were close enough in age that Gwynn wondered if Theo would have become the head of the Guardians if he had lived long enough.
Theo was good at rallying people for a common cause but Gwynn recalled how narrow minded and tenacious he was in his views, to the point of neurosis.  Once Theo latched onto a belief, he wouldn’t consider alternatives, even if reason or logic suggested he do so.  Getting him to consider something different would be like trying to pry the jaws of a hungry wolf from its prey.  The more Gwynn thought about it, she concluded that Theo probably would have turned the Guardians into fanatics.  After all, it was his phobic viewpoint that got him killed.
Gwynn was a young Overseer at the time but had gone to see her brother regarding a personal family matter pertaining to their parents.  Morten thought it would be a good opportunity for her to visit the Guardians’ compound and to have some exposure to them.  What Gwynn didn’t know at the time was that she was going to anger her brother to the point that he would become a threat to her.  Morten, on the other hand, knew what was going to happen.  So without Gwynn’s knowledge, he sent Silas to follow her to ensure her safety.
While Gwynn waited for Theo in his room, she saw an old journal lying on his table.  She picked it up and was looking at some of the worn pages when Theo and Markus arrived.  Theo was immediately enraged.  If Markus hadn’t been present, it might have been worse but he got Theo to calm down and then Markus left them alone for their visit.
As they spoke, Gwynn could tell from Theo’s dark, shifting eyes that he was still angry and even appeared to be paranoid.  His superior attitude made Gwynn wonder why she bothered to talk family matters with him.  He acted as though he didn’t have time for such petty concerns.  Then Theo glanced at the journal and started boasting about the important assignment he had been given to find an object of immense value.
Gwynn didn’t know about the crystal at the time; she only knew that certain objects had to be kept from both the Guardians and the Brethren but she hadn’t been an Overseer long enough to learn what those objects were.  She wondered whether the journal contained something of importance to the Overseers.
Their visit had ended and Theo was about to escort Gwynn out of the room when another Guardian stopped in the hallway to speak with him.  Gwynn lingered a step behind, in the open room, and glanced at the journal again but didn’t readily notice anything of value.  She picked it up and was ready to hide it under her shirt but then changed her mind, reasoning that Morten might know what item of value would interest the Guardians.  She also didn’t want to interfere with her brother’s free will and knew that if she took it, he would come after her.
Theo acted strangely as he walked her out of the Guardians’ compound and stayed with her for a short distance, beyond sight of the compound, which was unusual for him.  Suddenly, he grabbed her by the neck and began ranting about Gwynn being a spy, sent to stop him from his important find.  She couldn’t reason with him and tried to fight him off.  His grip was tightening around her throat and she felt herself begin to lose consciousness when Theo was struck from behind and dropped to the ground.
As she gasped for air, Gwynn saw Silas standing over Theo, holding a boulder in his hand.  She saw the blood on the boulder and knew her brother had been hit hard.  She reached for Theo’s neck and barely felt a pulse.
“We have to get him back to the compound,” she said to Silas.  “He needs help.”  Then they heard voices coming their way and left, knowing he would be found and given help.  Gwynn later learned that he died from his injuries.  Silas felt bad about hitting him so hard but Gwynn let him know that, if he hadn’t intervened, she was certain that Theo would have killed her.
She recalled growing up with her brother and remembered how he gave the appearance of being in control of his emotions but his energy told her otherwise.  Being around him was like standing on an unpredictable volcano; you knew it was building pressure and would blow at some point but you never knew when to expect it.  She never knew what was really going on in his head.  But in that moment, when his hands were gripping her neck, she had no doubt that her brother would have killed her if Silas hadn’t intervened.
As an Overseer, she learned a valuable lesson from that experience.  She hadn’t kept her mind as clear of ulterior motives as she had thought and her brother picked up on it.  He was simply reacting to feeling threatened by her, even if it was subconsciously.

THIRTY NINE

_______________


About a quarter mile from the Guardians’ post, Gwynn tied her horse in a heavy thicket of trees.  Then she removed her sword and leaned it against a tree, knowing her dagger would be her only defense if she encountered a problem.  The fading light played eerily with the shapes in the forest as dusk slipped into darkness.  The snap of a twig sounded louder and crisper in the dark so Gwynn stepped lightly as she approached the compound.
A six-foot wall defined the perimeter of the Guardians’ property and the wooden gate was closed.  She crept low, as she approached the wall, and slowly stood upright to peer over.  It was taller than her so she reached up with her hands and pulled herself high enough to catch a glimpse of the compound.  Light emanating through windows in the buildings, as well as lanterns placed at intervals along the wall, allowed her to observe several people walking into a building.  Soon, more people walked into the same building and, based on the time of night, she assumed it to be their dining hall.  She turned to her right and looked near the gate but didn’t see any movement.
She could easily hoist herself over the wall but wasn’t sure she could do it as quietly as necessary.  She scanned the compound again and watched for another moment as more people entered the dining hall.  Then, she lowered herself back to the ground and crouched low while she crept to the gate.
The gate was shorter than the wall and she gazed over it as she wrapped her fingers around the handle.  She started to pull it open when a loud bell clanged and she nearly gasped in surprise.  She ducked down and looked in all directions, including behind, to make sure she hadn’t been seen.  The bell rang again and she decided it was probably the final call to the evening meal.
Gwynn stayed low for a moment and listened.  She felt her heart beating fast and noticed that her palms were sweaty.  Maybe she wasn’t as neutral about this as she thought.  A subtle warning tried to reach the forefront of her thoughts and get her attention but she wanted that journal too badly to notice it.
She wiped her palms on her cape and slowly rose to peer over the gate.  A head popped up, not two feet in front of her and she held as still as a statue.  In the dim light, she wasn’t sure whether she was face to face with someone, but after a moment she realized the person was facing the opposite direction, toward the buildings.  It was a man, and he reached his arms upward as he gave his body a good stretch and let out a sigh.  Perhaps he had been napping on the ground, against the gate.  Gwynn slowly lowered herself below the level of the gate and didn’t dare move.
The sound of his footsteps in the dirt indicated he left his post and was heading to the dining hall.  Gwynn stayed in position until all was quiet again and then stood.  There was no sign of life inside or outside the compound.  She pulled on the handle and opened the gate just far enough to slip inside.  She closed it and stayed clear of direct lights as she sprinted toward the buildings.
~~~
Gwynn’s nerves were coming unraveled because it had taken longer than she thought it would to find Markus’s room.  Now she was concerned that he and the others would be returning from their meal but she was certain this was his room because it was, by far, the largest she had found.
Next to the door was a table holding a pitcher of water and a washbasin.  To the left of the entrance was a large wooden desk facing two chairs.  She had searched the desk and all the drawers but didn’t find the journal.  Against the wall were a few shelves with books and loose papers but no journal.
In the center of the room was a table with four chairs placed around it but the table was bare.  There was an elaborately carved wood and ivory partition on the other side.  In front of it were a small sofa and a comfortable reading chair.  Gwynn peered behind the divider and saw Markus’s bed and a small table with a lantern, an empty glass and...a book.
She rushed to the bedside table and instantly recognized the journal.  She picked it up and opened it.  It had certainly aged over the years and she carefully turned the worn pages before she caught herself and wondered why she cared to treat it so cautiously when she planned to destroy it?
Suddenly she heard voices in the hallway.
“Good night, Sir Markus.  Have a restful evening.  I’m sure there will be lots of excitement around here when Noya and the others return.”
“Good night, Peter.”
Gwynn grabbed the journal and tucked it into the waist of her pants, underneath her cape.  She frantically searched the room.  There weren’t many options for hiding and, morphing against a smooth, plain wall would be too obvious, so she ran to the other side of the bed and dropped to the floor between the bed and the wall.  There was a window near the room divider and she wished she could get to it but the door opened.
Looking underneath the bed, she saw a pair of boots enter the room and the door closed behind them.  Gwynn dared to sneak a look from around the end of the bed and confirmed that it was Markus.  He stepped to the washbasin and threw some water on his face and then dried it with a towel.  He set the towel down and placed his hands on the stand that held the wash basin.  From his body posture, Gwynn thought he appeared very tired or depressed.  His shoulders slumped forward; he hunched over with his head hung low and she heard him sigh.
He turned toward her and she pulled back behind the bed.  Watching his feet from underneath, she realized he was coming closer.  He stopped at the other side of the bed.
“Oh, no,” he whispered.
Gwynn realized he must have seen that the journal was gone.  He walked quickly to the other side of the room but she couldn’t see him through the divider.  She heard desk drawers open and close and papers shuffle.
Gwynn wondered if she could make it to the window and escape before he saw her.  She told herself to relax and to clear her mind as she took a couple slow breaths to calm herself.  She pulled the hood of her cape over her head, and then stood and tip toed to the drapes covering the window.  She slid them aside and quietly pushed the window open.
Markus slammed one of the desk drawers shut, rushed back to the bedside and dropped to the floor to check underneath the bed for the journal.  At that moment, he noticed Gwynn’s feet and gasped.  Gwynn grabbed her dagger and turned to face him.  Markus was on his knees, looking at her, his face registering shock at the intruder in his room.  Then his eyes darted to the side to look for a weapon since he had nothing on him.
Gwynn took a couple steps toward him.  “I wouldn’t, if I were you.”
Markus looked at her and did a double take, as though he recognized her.  Then his eyes squinted.
“You,” he whispered.  “Before your brother died, he said that you would return for it.  I thought he was just paranoid but I guess he was right after all.”
Markus placed his hands on the bed to push himself up and Gwynn stepped closer yet.  Suddenly Markus appeared to sway, as though he was dizzy, and Gwynn wondered if it was a ploy.  His hand grabbed his chest and he fell backwards, hitting the bedside table and toppling the lantern, the water glass and the table itself, onto the floor.  Flames began licking at the wooden floor planks.
Markus still gripped his chest and his eyes stared, lifeless, at the ceiling.  Gwynn was about to reach toward him for a pulse when she heard a voice yell his name and footsteps running toward the room.
Gwynn rushed to the window, climbed through and ran into the darkness.

FORTY

_______________


Gwynn was pleased with herself, not about Markus but about the journal.  The unfortunate circumstance with Markus, she reasoned, was that she must have been the catalyst - the right event at the right moment - to push him over an edge that he was about to go over anyway.  She knew that if she had been caught, she would have been blamed for his death, if he was dead, and she seriously doubted anyone would have believed that she hadn’t laid a hand on him.  He must have been ill already.
She had managed to get out of the compound and almost to her horse before she heard the alarm bell clang.  She rode as swiftly as she could, in the dark of night, to get to the trail.  Once she had gained enough distance, she slowed and began tearing out the pages of the journal.  She shredded sections into smaller pieces and was feeling a sense of elation to have accomplished what she set out to do.  The pages were so old and dry; it didn’t take much to decimate them.
She had even dropped the binding on the ground and coaxed her horse to trample it several times.  She dismounted, picked it up off the open trail, and tossed it into the forest.  It was too dark to see any great distance but by the sound of it hitting a tree, she determined it had gone far enough out of view of any passersby.
Gwynn got back on her horse and enjoyed the light-hearted feeling of knowing the journal was gone.  It didn’t mean the Guardians and Brethren wouldn’t still pursue their search.  They had both obtained enough information to bring them into the vicinity of the crystal but, hopefully, the information would eventually die off with the current generation and future generations would have no knowledge of it.
She estimated she was a few hours from the Great Mountains going the shortest route but she didn’t want to traverse the same narrow passages in the dark.  There were a couple of options: either she could go the long way around and add several more hours to the ride or find an inconspicuous place to get some sleep and make the shortcut in daylight.  She was considering the latter option when she heard a noise.
She stopped her horse and listened.  Leaves rustled above her, making her look up just as a dark form fell out of the tree and onto the back end of her horse.  Her horse reared onto its hind legs just as strong arms wrapped around her torso, holding her arms at her sides as they tumbled to the ground.  Something pierced her side and she grunted in pain.
She squirmed and wrestled to break free but her captor was strong and had the advantage of surprise that put her into this vulnerable position.
“I knew you’d come back this way, Elwyn,” said a male voice as he wrestled against her strength to keep her bound.
Gwynn wasn’t sure whether she heard right...Elwyn?
“Apparently Bortundo couldn’t complete Draevil’s instructions, so now I’ll do it for him.”
Gwynn managed to open the man’s grip slightly and unsheathe her dagger.  She tried to distract him by playing the part.  After all, it was dark and he hadn’t seen her face to know that she wasn’t Elwyn.
“What do you mean?”
She held the dagger in her hand but he tightened his grip and only her forearms could move.
“He wants you dead, of course,” boasted the male voice.  “And now that it’s apparent you work for the Guardians, he’ll be happy to hear that I killed you myself!”
Gwynn kicked with her foot and drove her heel into his shin.  The man cried out and let go long enough for Gwynn to spin and jump to her feet.
The man kicked his foot into the back of her knee and she involuntarily crumbled to the ground, onto her hands and knees.  Fortunately, her dagger was still in hand and she flipped it so the blade pointed backward.  As soon as he lunged and grabbed her from behind, she was ready to drive the blade into him.  She swung her arm backwards, to time it perfectly, but only pierced air.  She spun around to see where he was so her next attempt would hit him directly but she couldn’t see his dark form in the night.
She whirled around to look in all directions but the man was gone.  It was strangely quiet.  All she heard was her horse breathing heavily, above the sound of her own heavy breathing, from having been spooked.
She continued to check in all directions until she felt fairly certain that the man was nowhere around.  Then she stood and her head spun in dizziness.  The pain in her side screamed out for attention and she dropped to her knees.  When she pulled her hand away from her side, it was wet and sticky.  She knew it was her own blood.
She took a few slow breaths to steady herself and turned in the direction where she heard her horse.  She clicked her tongue a couple times to call it.  The horse approached.
With all the strength she could muster, Gwynn held onto the stirrup and stood.  Her energy was rapidly draining from her body, but with great effort, she managed to pull herself up onto her horse.  One hand held her bleeding side and the other held the reins.  She prodded the horse with a light kick and struggled to stay upright but she was slipping into murkiness darker than the night itself.  One single thought remained on the edge of her consciousness.  Must warn Elwyn.

FORTY ONE

_______________

Overseers
Great Mountains

Morten had been keeping a close watch on Gwynn.  When someone wasn’t in his physical presence for him to read his or her thoughts, he relied on the bubble to see what was taking place.  After he left Elwyn in the care of the fairies, he had returned to his special cave.  Freshly heated river rocks were exchanged for the cold ones.  He cushioned himself with a pillow and sat.  Dusk was setting in so he lit a few candles for light.  He had let a drop fall onto his palm and blew.
He watched, through the bubble, as Gwynn rode to the Northland.  He also watched as a member of the Brethren followed her.  She turned a couple of times, so Morten thought that perhaps she sensed the man’s presence but other than that, she seemed oblivious.
Morten had used the ethers to try to send her a thought, to caution her, but Gwynn was so preoccupied that she wasn’t receptive to his warning.  His concern grew.  She wanted the journal too badly and it was affecting her judgment.  This made it riskier for her and easier for the Brethren or the Guardians to sense her energy.
He would keep watch over her as best he could but, in the meantime, he needed to find Silas.

~~~
“But, I don’t understand,” Loki said as she walked next to Silas.  The rest of the team trailed behind.  “If Elwyn used a spell to get inside the cave, then what good will it do to just let her go?”
“We don’t know if she put herself in the mountain.  I have a feeling she had some help,” offered Silas.  He looked past other Overseers and noticed Morten coming toward them in a hurried manner.  “And here’s the man who can tell us.”
As Morten approached, he responded to the question he read in their thoughts before they asked.  “Yes, I brought Elwyn into the cave.  The foolish girl was about to cause a cave-in.  She knows just enough to be a danger to herself and others.  Though, once her memory returns, I’m hopeful that she’ll have a change of heart, if the Brethren don’t catch her first.”
He looked at Silas and then at Loki.  He had first thought of speaking alone with Silas but changed his mind.  He preferred the direct approach.  Loki would just have to deal with it.
“I need a word with you both.”  Morten walked away from the group, obviously too rushed to take time for idle talk.  Silas and Loki followed in silence.
Loki wondered what he might have to say that would include her but then she realized she might be in trouble for nearly compromising her position and for intervening where she had no business.  She braced for the lecture she was about to get.
Morten led them to a quiet area and then turned to face them.
“Gwynn went to the Northland to retrieve the journal.”  He looked at Silas.  “I need for you to go after her.  There is a member of the Brethren following her and she doesn’t know it.  I have a feeling she is going to need some assistance.  Take the short route but be careful.  It’s a dark night.  I’ll continue to watch and do what I can from here.”
Loki spouted, “I want to go, too.”
Morten gazed at her.  “Silas is going alone but I thought you should know, since she is your mother.”
Loki’s mouth gaped open slightly as she looked from Morten to Silas and back to Morten again.  That’s it?  I’m supposed to just sit here and wait?  She wanted Morten to offer a more definitive plan of action, one that would keep her mother safe from harm.
She chose her words carefully.  “Can’t something more be done?  Like...?”
Morten cut in, “Like magic?  No.  Not in the sense you’re asking.  Things happen for a reason.  Gwynn exercised her free will to go there.  Any effect from that is the price that has to be paid.  I can’t stand in the way of that.  I will help as much as her experience allows me to help.”
He stared at Loki for another moment.  He wished he had more time to instruct her and to help her deal with this but he didn’t.  He turned to Silas.
“Please leave right away.  I’ll watch her from here.”  He turned and walked away.
Without a moment’s hesitation, Silas spun on his heels and walked in the opposite direction.  Loki stood in the quiet cavern, suddenly feeling more alone than she had ever felt before.  Emotions surged to the surface and she wanted to scream.  She felt angry at Morten.  She wanted to go with Silas.  She was worried about her mother.
She ran through the tunnels and up the stairs, fighting back the rush of tears.  She was barely aware of bumping into someone on the way past.  A voice called to her but she was too absorbed to notice.
She ran through the cave that led to the northern flank of the mountain, to where they previously had their leisure time outside.  She ran down the hill into the pine grove and, before she realized how dark it was, tripped and fell.  She stayed where she fell and cried.
Thoughts raced through her head.  She was angry at Morten, for not letting her go, and at Silas, for not supporting the idea that she should join him.  She even considered running down to Adele’s place, getting her horse and following Silas.  But she knew, by the time she did, that he would be long gone and she didn’t know the way.  She realized that it was better to stay put; she didn’t want to slow Silas down.
After the initial burst of emotions passed, Loki knew that she couldn’t blame Morten or Silas for this situation.  She couldn’t blame them for something that she could have stopped, had she brought it to someone’s attention before it got this far.  Why hadn’t she listened more seriously to her dreams?  Why hadn’t she acted on her concern that her mother was up to something?  Why hadn’t she confronted her mother?
She thought back to how Morten said that he’d had a feeling her mother might need help.  He didn’t know for a fact that Gwynn was in trouble.  Morten only said that she was being followed but not that she had been captured or injured.  So why did she have this dreaded feeling in the pit of her gut?  Her emotions surfaced as though something bad had already happened.
She stayed on the ground and continued to look at the situation from various angles and, before she realized it, she had fallen asleep.

FORTY TWO

_______________


Morten had returned to his upper cave and created another bubble.  He felt better knowing that Silas was on his way to meet Gwynn or, at least, that he was going to try.  Morten had to remind himself to stay detached.  That was the only way that he could be of assistance.  If he let his own emotions come into play, he wouldn’t be able to objectively view the situation and recognize when and if he could help Gwynn.
He watched as Gwynn found Markus’s room and barely escaped with the journal.  He watched as Gwynn rode some distance from the Guardians’ compound and destroyed the journal.  He scanned the area around her as she rode, searching for the change in energy that he expected to see when she neared her pursuer.
All of a sudden, she stopped her horse and looked up.  Morten realized what was about to happen.  He saw the black cape flap in the air as the Brethren dropped from the tree, onto her horse.  The horse reared up and toppled both of them to the ground.  The man had such a grip on Gwynn that she couldn’t break free.  Morten couldn’t do anything while they were so close together, or he might inadvertently affect Gwynn.  He saw Gwynn kick the man and twist free.  In that moment, he knew it was his only opportunity.  He closed his eyes, cast his spell and, with his mind’s eye, threw all his psychic energy at the man.
Time and space didn’t exist in the bubble, so he didn’t have to wait any length of time for his command to have the intended effect.  It was instantaneous and the man disappeared, into oblivion.
He thought the worst was over until he saw Gwynn try to stand.  She was badly injured.  He felt concern for her but there wasn’t anything more he could do at this time.  Hopefully Silas would find her before long.

~~~
Loki woke, not knowing how long she had been asleep.  The night was chilly and, even though it was dark, she sensed a presence nearby.
“It’s me, Loki.”  Waysu didn’t want to startle her so she announced herself.
Loki sat up.  “How long have you been here?”
“Awhile.  We bumped into each other in the cave and I hollered after you but...you didn’t hear me.”  Waysu touched Loki’s arm.  “I heard about your mother.”
Loki ran her fingers through her hair to push it back off her face.  “What did you hear?  Is there more news?”
“I heard that she went after the journal, that one of the Brethren was following her and that Silas went to meet up with her.  I’ve been out here since then so I don’t know if there’s more.”
“I guess I fell asleep.  I have a bad feeling about this.  I should have told someone.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’ve been having dreams that my mother was in trouble.  Plus, I overheard conversations between her and Silas.  She was up to something and he suspected it but she wouldn’t tell him.”
“What would have changed if you had told someone?  Think about it, Loki.  If your mother was that determined to go off on her own, I doubt anyone could have changed her mind.”
Loki remained silent for a few minutes.  Then she quietly uttered, “But I could have tried.”
Waysu sighed.  She looked up at the velvety black sky, dotted with stars.  “I know what it’s like.  When you think you could have done something, anything, just to have things end up differently.  It eats at you.  You blame yourself.  There’s no end to it, unless you’re fortunate enough to desire a new viewpoint.  Then you start to think more clearly and realize that you really couldn’t have changed anything.  Things happen for a reason.  You may not understand the reason but you’ve got to trust that.”

FORTY THREE

_______________

Elwyn
Grasslands, East of the Desert

Elwyn didn’t want to open her eyes.  There was a buzzing sound and her head hurt like hell.  She was afraid her head would hurt even more if she opened her eyes.
Her mouth was so dry; there wasn’t enough fluid for her to swallow.
Something cupped her head and lifted it.  Her lips were met with something cool and wet.  Instinctively, her lips parted and fluid dribbled into her mouth.  It was as if she had been gone so long that her throat forgot how to swallow and she coughed.  But where had she gone?  Where was she?
“Is she awake?” a voice asked.
“Partially,” another responded.
Then the voices grew distant and Elwyn found herself fading.  She felt herself being pulled back into the dismal, barren land; a land with no hope and barely any life.  She moaned.  She didn’t want to go back there.  She didn’t even know where there was.
Images flashed across her mind: rocks falling, crystals quaking, dried up land, starvation.  She squirmed.  She didn’t want to see this again.  This is where she had been.  She didn’t want to see it again.  Her hand hurt.  It wasn’t from physical pain.  It was from a piercing energy, an energy that entered her hand and gave her devastating images in her mind.  This has to stop.  This has to stop.  She moaned.  It can’t go on like this.
Finally, the images quieted down and she drifted deeper into sleep.

~~~
“Here.  Sip this.”
Elwyn felt a spoon against her mouth.  When she felt the liquid, she sipped.  It was warm and tasty.  She took another sip.
Her head was lowered onto something soft.  The buzzing was in the distance now, not as loud.  She wasn’t eager to open her eyes but was curious.  With her eyelids still closed, she squinted to brace herself for the light.  It felt like a long time since her eyes had seen light.
She opened them briefly.  The light wasn’t as harsh as she expected.  She caught an image of a room and realized she was in a bed.  Curtains were drawn on the window, blocking the sun, so the light was soft.  A woman sat on the edge of the bed and held a spoon.  Elwyn closed her eyes again and rested them.  Enough images.  She wanted to sleep again.

~~~
Elwyn heard a soft knock and a door opened.  She slowly opened her eyes and took in her surroundings.  She was in the same room that she was in before.  Curtains were drawn but it seemed darker now.  It must be night time.
A woman stood at the door, a slight smile on her face.  A man appeared behind her and he pushed the door open farther.
“I’ll bring her some soup,” the woman said.  Then she turned and brushed past the man.
He walked into the room.  “How do you feel?”
Elwyn didn’t say anything.  It felt like her mouth wasn’t ready to speak.  She tried to push herself up in bed and moaned from the dizziness in her head.
The woman entered, carrying a tray with a bowl on it.  She set the tray on a table next to the bed and took an extra pillow and propped it behind Elwyn’s back.  She picked up the tray and set it on her lap.  Then she filled a spoon with some liquid and held it out for Elwyn to sip.  Elwyn looked blankly at the man and the woman.  Then she leaned slightly forward and drank the liquid.
The man sat in a chair.  The woman glanced at him and then looked at Elwyn.  She dipped the spoon into the bowl and offered it to Elwyn again.
In a soft spoken voice, the woman asked “What’s your name?”
Elwyn swallowed the soup that was in her mouth.  She looked at the woman and her mouth opened slightly, as if she were going to speak, but then it closed again.  Her eyes glanced around the room and at the man, hoping something would trigger her memory.
Then she replied so quietly, the woman had to lean forward to hear her.  “I don’t know.”

FORTY FOUR

_______________

Tannis, Guardians of Light
Northland

Tannis was utterly devastated.  He and the others couldn’t return home last evening.  Not knowing where the other member of the Brethren was, they didn’t want to risk travelling at night, especially since it was so dark.  He didn’t talk much after Noya had told him that Markus was ill.  Between that, and the fact that they were returning to the Northland empty-handed, he felt vacant inside.
As if that wasn’t enough of a challenge to deal with, they returned the next morning to learn that Markus was dead and the journal was gone!  No one knew who took the journal.  No one saw anything except possibly Markus and he was too dead to talk about it.  Everyone assumed it was the Brethren and, knowing that one member was on the loose, even Noya, Katarina and Simon seemed to agree that it was the likely scenario.
“I certainly didn’t notice anything,” Anton said.  “It seemed like a normal, quiet evening…that is, until the alarm bell was sounded.”  His voice trailed off.
The silence in the room was heavy.   In fact, the silence in the whole compound was deafening, thought Tannis.
“Now that Noya is in charge, I wonder what she’ll do about it…if anything.”  Anton was speculating out loud.
Tannis thought Anton was having almost as much difficulty with the events as he was himself.  Still, he didn’t feel like talking.  He lay on his bed and stared at the ceiling.
He couldn’t get past the shock.  Ever since he could remember, he wanted nothing more than to join the Guardians.  Once he did join, he wanted nothing more than to find the crystal for Markus and to help Markus be the great leader that Tannis believed he was.  Now, it felt like someone had tossed his whole life up into the sky and he stood by helplessly, as he watched it land, in pieces, upside down.
The knock on the door abruptly pulled Tannis from his thoughts but he didn’t move from his bed.  Anton glanced at him and then walked to the door.  He opened it but Tannis couldn’t see who it was.  He really didn’t care but then he heard Katarina’s voice.
“Noya wants to see Tannis,” she said.
Good for her, thought Tannis sarcastically.  Anton turned around to look at Tannis and saw that he wasn’t moving.  He turned back to Katarina.
“I’ll let him know,” replied Anton and he closed the door.
Why should I go see her?  She probably wants to kick me out of the Guardians.  No, wait.  She wants me to dig the grave for Markus and then kick me out of the Guardians.
Anton looked at his roommate.  “Did you hear Katarina?  I seriously doubt that you want to cross Noya, especially now that she’s in charge.”
Tannis sat up and swung his legs over the side of the bed.  “I don’t care.”
Anton appeared stunned by Tannis’s response.  “Are…are you serious?”
Tannis didn’t respond.  He just stared at the floor.
“Please, Tannis.  We don’t need any more turmoil around here.”
Tannis sighed.  “Fine.”  He stood and walked to the door.  “It will probably be my last act as a Guardian.”  He slammed the door shut on his way out.

~~~
Tannis took his time getting to Noya’s room.  In fact, on the way, he debated about simply walking out of the compound, never to be seen again.  The only thing that stopped him was that he really didn’t know where to go.  He decided that he might as well face her.  He didn’t care what she did to him.  He had nothing to lose.
The hallway leading to her room was empty and he heard no voices from the other rooms along the way.  I can’t stand this.  There’s no sounds of life; no purpose anymore.
He tapped on Noya’s door.  There was no answer.  He knocked louder.  This time she answered and Tannis thought her eyes looked bloodshot.  Hmmm.  Maybe she does have feelings.
She motioned for Tannis to enter.  “Have a seat.”
“No thanks.  I’ll stand.”
Noya held the door open a moment longer and seemed unsure of whether to close it or leave it open.  She closed it most of the way and then walked farther into her room.  Tannis stood in the middle of the room.  His arms were crossed over his chest as if he were protecting himself from the blow he was about to receive.  Noya looked at him and seemed unsure of what to say.  Then she walked to the window and glanced out.  Her back was to Tannis.
“When Markus ordered us to find the crystal, I didn’t want to go because I’d had a premonition that he was going to die.  I thought that if I stayed here, I could somehow prevent it from happening.  That’s why I stayed by his side so much.  I tried to keep him from getting too excited or upset.  I tried to get him to end the search for the crystal and focus on other things that would allow the Guardians to have a stronger presence and influence in this region.  I wanted him to form a stronger relationship with the people in the villages and create projects that would help them.  I thought that would be better for the Guardians in the long run.  He wanted that darn crystal so badly…”
Tannis couldn’t keep the contempt from his voice.  “Well, now that you’re in charge, you can forget it as much as you like.”
Noya continued gazing out the window.  “I never wanted this.  I never wanted to be in charge.”
Tannis was surprised.  He had assumed that Noya was power-hungry, and would relish the day when she became the leader of the Guardians.
“I don’t know for sure but I have to assume that it was the Brethren who took the journal.”  She turned to look Tannis in the eyes.  “Is there anything that you read in the journal that you didn’t tell Markus and me?”
Tannis thought back to what he saw in the journal and what he felt from its author.  He debated about whether to say anything at all.  He didn’t feel like giving Noya an inch but then he decided he didn’t really care one way or another.
“There was a type of all consuming power that the author felt when he touched the crystal.  He planned to devote his life to finding it again.  But at one point, while in the trance, there was a strange edge, as if the power was also destructive…like it was eating away at the man, causing him to be unstable in mind.  At least, that was my sense about it.”
Noya nodded slightly, as if this confirmed what she already thought.  “I’ve suspected the same thing.”  She turned to look out the window again.  Then she walked over to her desk and sat on the edge of it, facing Tannis.
“I know you and I haven’t been on the best of terms but I hope that you can appreciate the position I was in, with my concern for Markus.”
Tannis looked at her but said nothing.
“I have a proposition for you,” she said.
Tannis maintained his position, in the middle of the room with arms crossed over his chest.  “I’m listening.”
“Find the crystal.  Prove to me that its power isn’t sinister.”
“How can I prove that?”
“You’ll figure it out.  In the meantime, I need to teach you how to use the light to block your thoughts better so that your sister, and the Brethren, can’t easily get this information from you.”

FORTY FIVE

_______________

Brethren of Darkness, Desert

As Bortundo talked, Draevil’s eyes grew more intensely black with rage.  Bortundo rubbed his hands together, underneath the table, aware of how sweaty his palms had become.  He desperately hoped that Draevil wouldn’t take the failure out on him but, even though his fear was real, he knew the best approach was to tell Draevil everything.
“Where are the others now?” asked Draevil from across the table.
“I don’t know.  Carlos and I waited overnight for them to return from the Northland but they never did.  We gave them more than enough time.  We wondered whether they had, somehow, made it back here…even though I asked them to meet us.”
“And, Elwyn.  Who took care of that simple matter?”
As Draevil asked that question, it sounded like he made a hissing sound when he pronounced the s in simple.  Bortundo involuntarily swallowed to get rid of the lump in his throat.  For the briefest of moments, he considered lying but knew it was futile.
He gazed at the table in front of Draevil and couldn’t look him in the eyes when he responded.  “I don’t know.”
“Explain yourself.”
Again, Bortundo heard the hissing sound in Draevil’s words.  He cringed.
“She was holding us up with her…relieving herself.  She said she was sick and would catch up with us.  I was anxious to find out whether the crystal was in the Great Mountains and get back to our meeting place before the others returned from the Northland.  I figured I would take care of her on the return trip.  We never saw her again.”
Bortundo felt Draevil’s stare and was afraid to meet his eyes.  Draevil held it longer, knowing it was having its intended effect.  Then, he stood.  He turned from the table and slowly paced, with his hands clasped behind his back, while he thought things over.  The silence in the room felt like a heavy weight, pressing Bortundo down into his chair.  He snuck a glance at Draevil and knew he was deep in thought.
“Tell me again about this fog.  You said it came out of nowhere.”
“Yes.  It was a clear day.  It appeared suddenly and surrounded us.  The sounds were different, too.”
“What do you mean?”
Bortundo’s eyes shifted back and forth as he recalled the experience.  “There was no sound.  I couldn’t hear my horse.  And, Carlos, holding his hand crying in pain but there was no sound with it.”
“How do you know that the Guardians didn’t create it?”
“I guess it’s possible but the man we fought was clearly as surprised as we were.  Carlos thought the woman he encountered was also spooked by it.  It doesn’t make sense that she would create something and then get trapped by it herself.”
Draevil stopped pacing and stared at the floor.  Bortundo noticed a shift in his eyes and watched as his head nodded, almost imperceptibly.  Bortundo thought that if the intense energy in Draevil’s eyes increased any more, it would crack the stone tiles that he gazed upon.
Then Draevil looked up at the ceiling and raised his arms.  His fists shook toward the heavens and his voice bellowed deeply.  “Aaaaarrrgh!!!”  Then he spun to face Bortundo.  “You imbecile!  It was Elwyn!  I have always suspected that she knew more than she let on.  It makes perfect sense!  She’s out there and she may even have the crystal!”
“But…but I don’t see how.  There wasn’t time to get the crystal.  It all happened so quickly and she was left way behind.  Even if she had caught up to us, there wouldn’t have been time to get it.  Besides, we don’t know whether our brothers found it in the Northland and maybe had to fight the Guardians there.  We still aren’t certain which mountains have the crystal.”
“The panther will show me what happened.  And, say your prayers Bortundo.  If you lied about anything you told me, I will know.”  Draevil walked out of the room.
Bortundo sat in the silence.  He told the truth so why was his body shaking?  He wiped the palms of his hands on his pants and took a deep breath to try to calm his nerves.  He knew he hadn’t lied to Draevil but he couldn’t shake the feeling that it wasn’t going to make any difference.

FORTY SIX

_______________

Loki, Overseers
Great Mountains

Loki stood with Morten, Waysu and Adele, watching a horse with two riders approaching Adele’s cottage.  It was Silas who was holding Gwynn on his lap but she was slumped against his shoulder and looked like she was asleep or…  Loki didn’t want to consider the other option.
As he came closer, she saw the blood stain on her mother’s shirt and felt Waysu’s hand cup her shoulder.  She knew Waysu had seen it as well.  Loki was barely aware of the tears running down her cheeks.  When Silas got close enough, Morten asked the question.
“Is she alive, Silas?”
Silas stopped his horse and gently slid Gwynn down to meet Adele’s arms.  “She barely has a pulse,” he said.
Loki dropped to her knees and buried her face in her hands.  Her shoulders shook as she quietly sobbed.  Waysu knelt beside her and wrapped her arms around Loki.
Waysu knew what it was like to lose a mother.  She recalled what it was like to hold her mother in her arms and feel her mother’s spirit leave her body.  She would never forget that experience.  She was torn up emotionally but, at the same time, it was reassuring.  It felt as though her mother’s essence had passed right through her, on her way to the other side, and it gave Waysu a strong sense that her mother was more than the lifeless physical form that lay in her arms.  It confirmed what she had always suspected, that the spirit lives on.  She had tried to tell her father about her experience, hoping to ease his suffering but instead, he chose to drown his sorrows in the ale.
Adele carried Gwynn into the cottage.  Silas dismounted his horse and he and Morten followed.
“The knife wound isn’t that deep.  I suspect that she has been poisoned,” explained Silas.
“Poisoned?  Why would someone poison my mother?” cried Loki.
They stopped and turned.
“Come inside, Loki.  We’ll talk,” offered Morten.  “I need to check on Gwynn.”
Loki wiped the tears from her face and she and Waysu stood.  Loki’s lip quivered as she said it again.
“Poisoned!”
Waysu realized that Loki was stunned so she gently took Loki’s hand and guided her inside.
In the cottage, Gwynn was lying on a mat in the main room with Morten on his knees beside her.  Silas and Adele stood off to the side and watched.  Morten’s lips quietly moved with his hands in the air, above Gwynn, palms facing downward.  A few minutes passed and then the air around and above Gwynn changed, encasing her in an oblong bubble of blue light.  Inside, specks glistened, like thousands of tiny stars.  Initially the specks gathered above the knife wound in Gwynn’s side.  After several moments, the specks drifted outward until they were evenly spread over her whole body.
Morten sat back on his heels and sighed.  He watched the sparkling light.  “It seems she was poisoned, after all.  It has already spread throughout her body.”
“How do you know?” Loki asked.
“The fragments are covering her whole body.  When there are no more flashes, she’ll either be healed or…”  He didn’t have the heart to state the other condition, which was dead.
Loki knelt beside her mother, across from Morten and stared at the blue light.  More tears rolled down her face.
“The Brethren must have had poison on his knife,” Morten said.
Loki glanced at him with moist eyes.  He met her gaze above the bubble.  His eyes were filled with compassion.
“This was meant for your sister, Loki.  It was in the dark of night and the man who did this thought your mother was Elwyn.”
Loki’s mouth moved to utter something but no sound came out.  She couldn’t wrap her mind around these events.  She was too shocked to understand.
Morten’s face was solemn.  “Draevil, the Lord of the Brethren of Darkness, wants your sister dead.”

FORTY SEVEN

_______________

Tannis, Guardians of Light
Northland

“You haven’t told anyone yet, have you?” Noya sat at her desk and studied Tannis, who was in the chair opposite.
“No, not until I’m done with the plans, like you said.”
Tannis was pleased with his new project.  Noya had spent several days training him to be more disciplined with his thoughts so that he wasn’t so easily read, like an open book.  She had instructed him to do more research and then come up with his plan of attack for finding and obtaining the crystal.  Once he was ready, and only when he was ready, was he to choose the members that would join him.  She wanted there to be a total of six members, Tannis and five others.  It was all to be kept confidential.  Even the various members wouldn’t know who else was chosen until the day they departed.
“I want Katarina to be one of the members.”
“But you said I could choose the five that I wanted.”
“You can choose the other four.  I want Katarina to go.”
For the first time in several days, Tannis felt that old familiar feeling of Noya’s distrust.  He thought they had gotten past it, that she was giving him all the room he needed to prove himself.  And he was confident that he had gained her trust but her new orders were a slap to his face.
“What?  To be your ears and eyes?”  He allowed the irritation in his voice to be heard.
Noya stared at him and checked her own reaction to be sure it didn’t surface.  Why did Tannis so easily provoke her?  Why did she let him get under her skin so easily?  She had full command now.  She needn’t let him get to her like this.
“She’ll be your back up, in case something happens.  And, if the group needs to be split in different directions, she can lead the other half.”
Tannis thought about it for a moment.  Part of him wanted to tell her to forget the whole thing.  He could walk out right now…but he didn’t.  He sat there, thinking about Markus, thinking that he still wanted to honor Markus’s wishes.
“Fine,” he said.  Then he stood and walked out of her room.
As he walked, he gave consideration to the four people that he might choose.  He already knew that he wanted Simon in the group.  So, that left three more people.  He thought briefly about Jacob, the record keeper.  He appreciated Jacob’s brains and cleverness but he had no brawn.  He could consider his roommate, Anton.  He certainly had thirst for a good fight at times but Tannis wasn’t sure who he’d select.  There was more work to do before his final decision.
He decided to take a walk before he returned to the records’ room to study the maps again.  He had been enjoying daily walks outside lately.  It helped him relax, get some fresh air and clear his head.  Some days he simply walked the perimeter inside the compound.  Other days he ventured beyond the gate and today was one of those days.
He enveloped himself in a field of light, as Noya had taught, so that his thoughts weren’t as easily breached by his sister or anyone else, for that matter.  It must be working because it had been weeks since he had a dream about her or gave her much thought during his waking hours.
Tannis walked up to the sentry on duty, a young man by the name of James.  “I’m just going out to stretch my legs.  I should be back in about half an hour.”
James reached out to open the gate for Tannis.  “Yes, sir.”
Tannis heard the gate latch behind him.  West of the compound was a short hill, with a trail that led to an open meadow on top.  It would give him just the break he needed before returning to work.
He reflected on how things had been going with the Guardians since Markus died.  He missed Markus and his style of leadership.  It certainly was different with Noya in charge.  Markus strived for broader ideals, like finding the gem of all gems and using its power to bring the people together and rid the world of the Brethren’s negative influence.  Noya, on the other hand, took a more practical approach.  She wanted the Guardians to involve themselves with the villages throughout the Northland, to create stronger allies that would eventually band together as a unified force to stand against the darkness.
Tannis wondered what Noya planned to do if, and when, he found the crystal – assuming its power wasn’t sinister.  He still wasn’t sure how to prove it to her but he’d cross that bridge when the time came.
At least he appreciated her willingness to pursue the crystal, and was pleased with the skills that she had taught him since Markus died.  He certainly felt more confident with his own abilities.
Enough thinking, Tannis told himself.  It’s time to just relax and enjoy the walk.  He picked up the pace and lengthened his gait so that his legs got a good stretch.  Soon he found a new rhythm and his mind began to relax.

~~~
Tannis walked briskly down the hill, heading back to the compound.  His body felt energized and he looked forward to working on his plan.  Through the trees up ahead, he glimpsed the southwest corner of the wall that surrounded their post.  As he reached it, he turned left and headed for the gate.
He saw a man standing outside the gate, talking over it, to someone on the inside.  Tannis stopped and watched.  Was this someone from one of the villages?  He assumed the man was speaking to James, who was on guard duty on the other side.  Tannis was just tall enough to see over the wall but was far enough away from the gate that the angle prevented him from seeing the person on the inside.  The conversation must have ended because the man outside turned and quickly walked away.  Tannis proceeded toward the gate and, before he opened it, he turned to look down the trail where the man headed but didn’t see him.  He stepped through the gate and closed it.
Just then, a man on horseback burst out of the trees, ran across the trail and into the trees on the other side.  It appeared he was heading away from the compound.  Tannis thought it looked like the same man who was just at the gate but he was shocked to see that the man had donned a black cape.  Brethren of Darkness!
Tannis turned back to the compound and expected to see James standing nearby but no one was at the gate.  He looked farther into the compound, toward the buildings and had just glimpsed the back side of one of the Guardians before he went around the corner of the nearest building.  He saw dark hair but didn’t get a good look at the man before he moved out of sight.  Tannis ran toward the building to see who it was.  Once he reached the courtyard, he saw two of the Guardians’ sisters crossing the courtyard toward the clerk’s building and one of the brothers heading toward the dining hall but this brother was shorter and had lighter hair than the person Tannis had just seen.
He looked around and glanced back toward the gate but didn’t see James anywhere.  He turned back toward the compound.  It was now empty.
By all appearances, this was suspicious, to say the least.  Why would a member of the Brethren even consider approaching their compound?  They didn’t require round-the-clock guards at the gate but definitely kept someone there during the daytime hours, until the evening meal.  So, why had James left his post and who was it at the gate, speaking with the Brethren?  He thought about telling Noya but then decided he should get more information first.  He needed to find James.

FORTY EIGHT

_______________

Elwyn, Grasslands
East of the Desert

Elwyn sat at the table and quietly ate her breakfast.  She felt Jonathan and Amanda, the couple who had been caring for her, watching.
“Are you sure you’ll be okay?” Amanda asked in her motherly voice.
“Yes, I’m sure.  You’ve been very kind to me but I need to…”  Elwyn purposely paused for the effect.  “It’s just a sense I have that there might be something out there that would trigger my memory.  I might be wrong but I have to try.”
Jonathan placed his hand on his wife’s arm.  “We understand, don’t we, honey?  There is probably a family somewhere that misses you.”
Elwyn smiled slightly and stared at the table, as if she was actually wondering the same thing for herself, but she wasn’t.  She had other things on her mind.  Between her dreams and her wakeful memories, she recalled most of the events that surrounded or, at least, led up to having her hands placed on the crystal.  She still couldn’t recall how she got to this house where Amanda and Jonathan had cared for her.  She didn’t know the identity of the man inside the earth who grabbed her hands and held them tightly to the crystal.  In fact, she couldn’t even recall what he looked like.  Every time she tried to picture him, it was like watching a puzzle come together and discovering that certain critical pieces were lost.  She remembered the cave and the crystal-lined walls and ceiling.  She recalled the man’s robe and his wrinkled, boney hands forcing her to hold the crystal.  But when it came to his face or other distinguishing features, there was nothing.  The man was faceless in her memory.
But everything up to that point had come back with full clarity.  She was a member of the Brethren.  She was trying to prove herself to Draevil.  She had been increasing her own powers through the use of magic and had kept it a secret from him, with the hope that she could move up the ranks in the brotherhood.  She even recalled how she believed she could possess the crystal for herself, that she might become more powerful than Draevil, but the visions of a dismal, dead world still haunted her.  No.  She didn’t want anything to do with the crystal now.
She didn’t doubt that the faceless man, the one that drew her into the earth, had also prevented Bortundo and Carlos, and even Tannis, from getting it as well.  In fact, she wondered whether they could be lost somewhere, having a similar experience right now.  If they weren’t, though, if Bortundo and Carlos and the other men made it back to the desert, Elwyn feared that Draevil would suspect she had the crystal.  It would be one thing if she truly had it.  Then she could use its power to put an end to Draevil, if it didn’t kill her first.  But she didn’t have the crystal and, if Draevil believed she did, it would be too risky to return to the Brethren.
Even though her memory had returned, for the most part, she didn’t dare let Amanda and Jonathan know that it had.  They might feel differently about being so kind to her if they learned that she was a member of the Brethren of Darkness.  She felt their eyes on her as she took another bite of food.
Amanda’s voice sounded shaky.  “I still think you look like an Anna.  Promise that you’ll let us know your real name, when you find out?  Please?”
“I will,” promised Elwyn, although she had no intentions of returning to this place.  She was tired of acting like the sweet daughter that Amanda always wanted but never had.  In fact, it was suffocating Elwyn to have to play the part.
Jonathan placed an envelope on the table and slid it across to Elwyn.  “Here.  We thought this would help you.”
Elwyn appeared uncertain.
“Go ahead,” Amanda said.  “Open it.”
Elwyn set her fork beside the plate.  She glanced at them both and then picked up the envelope.  There was money inside.
“I can’t take this.”
“You must,” Amanda said.
“You’ll need something for food and shelter,” offered Jonathan.  “We insist.”
Elwyn glanced at them.  “You’ve been so kind.  How will I ever repay you?”
“Just come back when you can and let us know how you’re doing.”  Jonathan smiled.
“Thank you.  I will.”  She wiped her mouth one last time and set the napkin down.  “I guess it’s time to go then.”
They walked her to the door.  Amanda handed her a bag with some food inside.
“It’s not much,” she said, “but, no matter which direction you decide to go, it should last until you get to a town.”
Elwyn hugged them goodbye and knew they watched her from the doorway, as she headed west, across the open fields.

FORTY NINE

_______________

Elwyn
Outskirts of the Desert

Inside the small cave, a rock wall protruded toward the center creating a barrier behind which Elwyn could do her business.  The afternoon sun glared at the cave opening which, she knew, prevented light from the candles to be seen from the entrance should anyone else be in the vicinity.
The candles were placed around the bowl of water at her feet, the bowl that she stole from a merchant in a nearby village.  That was after she took the cape that was wrapped around her shoulders.  She didn’t know what had happened to her Brethren cape, perhaps it was left inside the earth, but she couldn’t be seen wearing that now anyway.  She needed to be inconspicuous, blend in with the commoners.  She wasn’t far from the Brethren’s territory but Draevil’s reach was far and one never knew where he might have spies lurking about.
Elwyn hadn’t come up with a full plan yet, only pieces, fragments of what she still hoped to accomplish.  To get the full picture, she needed to call upon the black panther, to learn what it had to show her and to see what had transpired since she left Draevil’s company.
She pinched the powdery substance between two fingers, grateful to have obtained the ingredient from one of the villagers.  She tossed it into the bowl full of liquid.  As she expected, the fluid boiled and sizzled with venomous energy.  Her hand circled in the air above as she whispered the spell, persuading it to reveal the information she sought.
She waited.  Finally the liquid stopped churning, a faint vapor appeared above its surface and began to swirl, as she anticipated it would.  As it churned, round and round, in its upward climb to meet her, it began to take form.  It wasn’t the form that she was prepared to see; it wasn’t the panther.   It was a condensed blob that met her at eye level.  Distinguishing features began to appear.  The mist turned dark.
Draevil’s face suddenly jumped out at her.  His baritone voice bellowed and his eyes were as black as bottomless holes.  “The cat serves me!!!”
Elwyn jumped with fright and accidentally kicked the bowl.  Water splashed onto the candles.  A few flames sputtered out and Draevil’s face disappeared as quickly as it had appeared.
She quickly extinguished the rest of the candles and, in the solitude of the cave, heard someone breathing heavily.  She quietly stepped back until she felt the cold stone wall against her backside.  She pressed her body into it and listened.  It took another moment but then she realized that the heavy breathing was her own.  She let out a long sigh.
Elwyn wasn’t prone to being so easily startled.  The very thing she had wanted to avoid was happening.  She had crossed Draevil and failed.  She was certain that he had seen it all clearly by now.
The cold, earthy feeling against her back was grounding and helped to clear her mind.  She considered her options.  After several minutes, it all became clear.  She needed time to practice her skills, to grow stronger…stronger than Draevil.  That was the only option that made any sense.  In the meantime, she must disguise her physical appearance so that she could remain in the area, while keeping an eye on the Brethren’s activity.  She also needed to disguise her psychic energy as best she could, so that Draevil wouldn’t detect her presence.
Her nerves were calmer now, her breathing was more relaxed.  Things weren’t as bad as she initially thought.  It felt like she was regaining control.  Then a new thought popped into her mind and a shrewd smile formed on her lips.  If taking possession of the crystal meant death, to the person possessing it and to all the life around it, then perhaps it wouldn’t be such a bad idea to help Draevil get it after all.  All she had to do was to ensure that the Brethren got hold of it.  Then it would just be a matter of time before Draevil and the current Brethren membership began to fall deeper into the hands of darkness…into the palm of death itself.

FIFTY

_______________

Loki, Overseers
Great Mountains

“Wait up.  I’ll go to breakfast with you,” Waysu jumped out of bed, grabbed her clothes and began to dress.
She and Loki had only slept sporadically during the night: sometimes talking, other times being alone in the solitude of the night with their own thoughts.  Somewhere in the wee hours of the morning, Waysu had drifted into a sound sleep.  Then she woke to the sound of Loki opening their bedroom door and caught her before she left.
“Hang on.  I’ll just be a minute,” added Waysu as she slipped on a pair of pants underneath her nightgown.
Loki looked at her with weary, sleepless eyes.  “I’m not going to breakfast.”
Waysu immediately grasped her meaning and slowed her movements.  Waysu hadn’t fastened her pants yet.  Her nightgown was bunched around her waist and her feet found their way into boots but the laces weren’t tied.  By her appearance, it was hard to tell whether she was just going to bed or had just gotten up.
Waysu studied her roommate for a moment.  “Are you okay?”
Loki half nodded.  “I just want to be with her.”
“Oh.  Okay.”  Waysu smiled.  She understood.  There wasn’t anything more to say.
Loki had fallen into quietude since Silas returned with her mother.  It was a sober state of silence that sometimes accompanied a deep sense of loss.  Waysu had been there.  She had responded similarly to the loss of her mother.  She did what she could to be receptive to Loki’s needs in this situation.  Sometimes Loki wanted to talk but most of the time she needed space and Waysu simply provided her company, when it seemed appropriate.
Loki closed the door behind her and strolled through the tunnel.  She appreciated the fact that she didn’t have far to go to visit her mother, as Silas had carried Gwynn from Adele’s cottage to her room in the cave.  The idea was that Gwynn would be more comfortable in her own room, even though she wasn’t conscious to know it.
The blue cocoon still surrounded her and the fragments continued to work on her body.  Although, when Loki sat with her the night before, she noticed that there were less of the healing fragments.  The prognosis wasn’t looking good for her mother.
Prior to their leaving Adele’s cottage, Adele had pulled Loki aside and hugged her.  Then she gazed into Loki’s eyes and spoke directly.  “She wanted to go, Loki.  She wasn’t open to discussing it.  Her mind was made up and there was no changing it.  Do ya’ understand?”
Loki recalled nodding.  It was more of an autonomic response that broke through her numb, emotional state than it was from truly understanding but as she walked to her mother’s room, she gave it some thought.
She wondered why her mother felt so compelled to go to the Northland and destroy the journal.  Well, in actuality, she understood that destroying the journal was beneficial to the events that were threatening the crystal and the fairies.  But, why did her mother go alone?  Why did she take it upon herself to do it?  Why wouldn’t she tell Silas what she was up to?  They apparently had some history from years past.  There was much that Loki didn’t understand.
She turned down the tunnel to her mother’s room.  She reached the door, which was open, but stopped when she saw Silas sitting on the edge of her mother’s bed.  He held Gwynn’s hand and was talking.  Loki noticed that the healing fragments inside the bubble had dissipated even more than the night before and suddenly her throat felt dry.
She took a couple steps, so she was just inside the doorway.  Silas hadn’t heard her and continued to talk to Gwynn.
“I wish you had stayed with us, all those years ago.  I wish you had never left but it’s a moot point now, isn’t it?”
He stopped talking for a moment and Loki was about to say something when he spoke again.
“I love you, Gwynn.  I always have.”
He gently laid her hand down and stood.  Loki was about to step back out of the room so that Silas wouldn’t know that she heard him but he turned and saw her.  For a moment, they simply looked at each other.  Loki searched her tired mind for something to say but her mind didn’t comply.  She wondered whether Silas would say something to her.  He let his eyes fall to the floor for a moment.  Then he glanced back at Gwynn, for one last look, and walked to the door.  As he stepped past Loki, he laid his hand on her shoulder and left it there for a moment, before he headed out of the room.
Loki walked over to a chair and carried it next to the bed.  She sat and faced her mother and watched the fragments inside the blue light.  They remained scattered throughout the bubble, indicating that Gwynn’s entire body was being worked on, but there was only about a quarter of what was there when Morten first created the enclosure.
Loki had the sense that Silas was saying goodbye to her mother.  She supposed she should do the same thing but her mind was blank; the words weren’t there.
She stared at her mother for the longest time.  Finally, thoughts began to churn and one question pressed on her awareness above everything else.
She heard herself faintly ask, “Why?  Why did you go alone?”  Her head shook slightly in disbelief.  She looked up and down her mother’s body, encased in the blue cocoon.  Fragments seemed to be disappearing before her eyes.
“It’s not fair, you know.  You’ve still got some explaining to do.  You said you would tell me about everything that you’ve kept from me all these years.”  She paused as though she were giving her mother one last chance to speak.  Then she whispered, “You promised.”
Tears rolled down her cheeks and Loki was too tired to fight the emotion.  She let herself quietly weep.  Then she wiped the tears from her face with her sleeve and rested her head on the back of the chair.  Before she knew it, she drifted off to sleep.

~~~
Loki’s eyes opened after a brief nap.  With her head still resting on the back of the chair, she examined the light around her mother and nothing had changed.  Then she realized that someone was beside her.  She turned her head and saw Kado sitting in another chair.
He smiled.  “Hi.”
“Hi.”
“I’m sure you don’t feel like eating but I brought you some food.”  On his lap rested a plate with slices of bread spread with jam and some sausage.  “You didn’t eat anything last night.  You don’t want to make yourself weak.”
Loki raised her head and sat up further in the chair.  “Actually, I am a little hungry.”  She reached over and took the plate from his hand.  “Thank you.”
They sat in silence as Loki nibbled on the food.  She appreciated Kado’s company.
Kado didn’t know what to say to Loki.  He wanted to offer her some comfort.  He could only imagine what it was like to lose a parent.  He had lost both of his parents although he was too young to remember.  Somewhere in his subconscious, though, there had to be a memory of it and some understanding of what it was like.  Or, so he believed.  He hoped that someday it would surface and he could recall what it was like to have parents.
They heard the sound of a man clearing his voice behind them and both turned simultaneously.
“Good morning,” smiled Morten.  He looked at the fragments in the light and his expression briefly showed the gravity of his observation.  Then he gazed at Kado.  “Kado, would you excuse us for awhile?”
Kado stood.  “Sure.”  He turned back to Loki.  “See you later.”
“Bye.”
Morten took the vacant chair next to Loki.  He studied Gwynn again as he pondered his words.  “I heard what Adele said to you last night.  She was right.  Your mother had her mind made up and there was nothing that any of us could have said to her to change what she did.”  He stared into her eyes.  “Even you.”
“Did you know what she was going to do?”
Morten looked at the floor.  “Yes.  I knew.  Oh, not because she told me but I read it in her thoughts.”
“But, why…”  Loki wasn’t sure whether to finish her question.
“Why didn’t I stop her?”
Loki glanced sideways at him but didn’t speak.
“Loki, I’m going to tell you the same thing that I tell every Overseer.  Experience is a greater teacher than anything I could ever say.  Your mother knew that.  Getting the journal has been on her mind since before you and your siblings were even a thought.  It’s true that, in time, we will see how her destroying the journal has helped the situation but for now I want you to realize that she made the decision to go.  She is responsible for that action and she would tell you the same, if she could.  You need to accept that.”
He let his words sink in for a bit before he turned to gaze into her eyes again.
She nodded to acknowledge his explanation.
He stood and stepped closer to the bed to study the healing fragments.  Then he took Gwynn’s hand in his, felt for her pulse and then gently returned her hand to the bed.
With his back to Loki, he said, “There is nothing more that I can do for her.”
Loki remained silent at first.  Then she quietly replied, “I know.”

FIFTY ONE

_______________

Tannis, Guardians of Light
Northland

“Why did you leave your post?” asked Tannis.
James was buttoning up his shirt.  He had apparently changed shirts after returning to his room.  By the look on his face, Tannis thought he was confused.
“I…uh…there was a schedule change.  I was relieved.”
“By whom?”
James stammered for a moment.  “Have I done something wrong?”
“I just need to know who replaced you at the gate.”
“Anton.  He said there had been a last minute schedule change and that he was assigned to finish out the afternoon at the gate.  Am I in trouble?”
“No.  You’re fine.  Do me a favor and don’t tell anyone we spoke.  Ok?”
James nodded.
Tannis walked away and heard James close the bedroom door.  His head spun with questions as he made his way to Noya’s room but then he changed his mind and decided to look at the schedule first.  He trotted across the compound, entered the clerk’s building and found the roster for sentry assignment.  James’s name was still there but Anton’s name had been added, with a note that he would start mid-afternoon.
Tannis walked out of the clerk’s building and scanned the compound, as he let his thoughts try to sort this out.  If Anton was scheduled to start mid-afternoon, then he should still be there but as far as Tannis knew, no one was at the gate.  He decided to double check before he spoke with Noya.  He might be met with criticism if he didn’t get his facts straight.
As he approached the gate, someone was there.
“Hey brother,” Anton said.  “Are you heading out?”
Tannis stopped and studied him.  “No.  How long have you been here?”
“Oh, about half an hour.  Why?” asked Anton.
“No one was here when I came through about twenty minutes ago.”
“Yeah.  I went back to our room to grab a book.”  He held a book out in his hand.  “Figured I might as well have something to do while I’m here.”  Anton smiled sheepishly.
Tannis was skeptical and didn’t know what to believe.  He glanced at Anton’s hair.  It was dark, just like the person he observed walking toward the building but there were a lot of Guardians with dark hair.  He vaguely recalled seeing a light-colored shirt but Anton’s shirt was brown.
“Hey, you look confused,” Anton said.  “Is something wrong?”
“No.  Nothing.”  Tannis turned and walked away.

~~~
Noya listened as Tannis laid out his plans.  “Good, it seems like you’ve given this a lot of thought.”
“This way, if one group is attacked, the other group can step in and help,” Tannis offered.
“That’s a good idea.  Have you decided who is going, besides you and Katarina?”
“Yes, but there needs to be more than six.  I’m not certain, Noya, but there might be a traitor among us.”
Her face lit up with surprise so he proceeded to explain about the suspicious behavior he had observed with Anton, of late.  He mentioned the Brethren that he saw at the gate and the concern showed on her face as she listened intently.
“I’d like to take six others, besides Katarina and myself.  Maybe I can flush him out and get him to reveal his true identity.”
“Do you think that’s wise, taking him on such a critical assignment?
“It couldn’t be a better opportunity.”
“Who do you plan to take?”
“Simon, Zack, Geoffrey, Pria, Anton, and James.  And, of course, Katarina and myself.”
Noya nodded.  “Those are good choices.”
“I will tell them tonight and we leave at first light.”
“Fine.  Be careful, Tannis.  Keep the light around you and watch your back.”
“I will.”

FIFTY TWO

_______________

Brethren of Darkness
Desert

“But I haven’t had to make the Sound Eating Fog for many, many years,” wheezed Hector.
“Check it anyway,” ordered Draevil.
Hector limped to the shelves.  From a shelf about midway up, in the corner, he pulled out a jar and set it aside.  Then he bent over to get the one behind it.  As he did, he noticed that the dust, which had accumulated on the shelves for years, had a mark in it as if the rear jar had slid forward.
“Hmmm.  Perhaps you’re right.”
Draevil stepped closer as Hector pulled his hand back and studied the jar itself before he touched it.  Then he reached for it, as gently as his pudgy fingers would allow, grabbed it near the bottom and set it on the table where he could observe it in better light.
It was a dark brown glass jar, with a wide base and a narrow neck.  The base contained a good coating of dust, creating a dull surface, except where a few marks had revealed shinier glass as if someone had recently handled it.  Hector lifted off the top and looked inside.  He poured some of the contents into his hand and examined the granular substance.  He raised his hand to his nose and sniffed.  Then with his tongue he took a quick taste.
He looked at Draevil, unsure of what reaction he was going to get.
“Well?” pressed Draevil.
“Salt,” muttered Hector.  “It has been replaced with rock salt.”
He watched the expression on Draevil’s face change and he visibly flinched when the irises of Draevil’s eyes turned as black as his pupils.

~~~
Draevil fumed all the way to the lower cave.  He stood before the pool of liquid that clearly reflected the flames from the burning candles surrounding it.  He hadn’t even dropped any powder into the pool to bring it to life.  He didn’t need to.  The wild cat served him and him alone.
He closed his eyes and recited the spell.  The liquid responded immediately.  It churned and bubbled, a mist formed above it and turned dark.  The entire panther crawled out of the liquid and sat beside the pool, facing Draevil, its long black tail swishing back and forth as though it could leap into action at any moment.
There was a low, guttural growl and then it spoke.  “Yesssss, Massssster.”
Draevil opened his obsidian eyes.  “Show me what occurred with the Brethren at the Great Mountains when I sent them after the crystal.”
The cat‘s eyes flashed gold but its elongated pupils were red.  It hissed, baring its fangs, and it nodded.  With another swish of its powerful tail, the mist disappeared above the pool and the shiny liquid was visible again.
Draevil lowered his eyes to peer into it as the events played out.  He watched Bortundo and Carlos engage in combat with a Guardian who entered the area.  He saw the fog move in and observed the person creating it…Elwyn.  He saw all the interaction between the Brethren, the Guardians and Elwyn until Elwyn suddenly vanished.  The scenes that played out agreed with Bortundo’s story.
Draevil asked the panther.  “Is she alive?”
The cat gazed at him.  “Yessss, Masssster.”
“Did she get the crystal?”
“No, Masssster.”
“Do the others have it?”
“No, Masssster.  They no longer exist.”
“They’re dead?”
“Vaporized.”
Vaporized?  Had the Guardians learned how to vaporize someone?  This news was a bit disturbing.  At least he knew that the Guardians hadn’t obtained the crystal or his spy would have informed him.  Then no one has it, he deduced.
“Where is Elwyn?”
The panther closed its eyes and appeared to be pondering the answer.  “She issss near.  In a village on the edge of the desssssert.”
He knew that it was futile to ask but he did it anyway.  “Where is the crystal?”
The cat pursed its lips tightly and scrunched its eyes.  It slowly shook its head from side to side.  Then its eyes opened and looked at Draevil.  “I cannot tell you, for I do not know.  It issss hidden from even my eyesssss.”
Draevil thought for a moment.  He wished he could see ahead, into future events, but the cat was only good for showing him past and present events.  There was no point in asking.  He’d simply get another shake of the head.  He sighed in frustration.
“Then return from where you came.”
In one fluid movement, the cat slunk into the pool without disturbing the surface.
So, he thought, Elwyn is nearby.  There will be time for her later.  In fact, Bortundo’s retribution will be to find her and bring her to me.  If he fails, then I will deal with him!
First: the crystal.  If no one has it, thought Draevil, then it remains to be claimed.  He knew what needed to be done next.  He usually sent his men to do his dirty work, however, after seeing how the events unfolded at the Great Mountains, it was obviously too much for them to handle.  Of course, they would still be useful, but he concluded that he needed to involve a stronger force.  A force not easily intimidated by simple tricks.  He would lead them himself and ensure that the crystal was obtained, once and for all.

FIFTY THREE

_______________

Loki, Overseers
Great Mountains

“The last fragments aren’t moving anymore.  What does it mean?  They’re in a straight line over her body.”  Loki sat in the chair next to her mother’s bed.  Her legs were bent with her arms wrapped around them, as if she were creating a barrier to protect herself from the words she knew Morten was about to say.
Morten sat beside her.  “She’s gone, Loki.  Her spirit left.  She has moved on to her next experience.  That’s what it means.”
Loki stared blankly at her mother.  She was exhausted.  She had spent the past few days sitting by her mother’s bed, watching Overseers come and go as they all paid their respects to Gwynn.  Even Adele came up to the caves for a day.  Loki didn’t attend any of the meals in the dining cave.  Out of concern that she wasn’t eating, Waysu and Kado brought meals to her.  She went back to her room each night but had been sleeping only a little.
Morten stood.  “I’ll give you some time with her.  I’ll be back later.”
Suddenly, Loki was totally aware of the silence in the room.  Even though there was a body lying on the bed, her senses knew there was no life left in it.  It was simply a vessel that once housed her mother’s spirit but was clearly empty now.
She looked at the space above her mom and her eyes roamed, as if she were looking for her mother’s spirit.  She spoke to the air.  “I love you.”

~~~
Morten returned to his special cave and, through the bubbles, observed that the Guardians and the Brethren were on the move again.  To make matters even more serious, Draevil was accompanying the Brethren.  He hadn’t observed Elwyn with the Brethren, so he knew she hadn’t returned to join them.  He doubted that Draevil would take her back anyway.  He hoped that she had learned her lesson and was simply living out a quiet life someplace.
As for the rest of them, Morten was getting tired of this battle for power.  He appreciated that Gwynn destroyed the journal but the current threat was still very real and something needed to be done…something with a longer term effect.  As he watched the scene play out before him, he figured they had less than a day to prepare.
He left the grotto above his room and headed to the training cave.  It was empty.  He walked through the tunnels on the way to the dining hall, to find Silas, when he ran into Garmund.
“Garmund, have you seen Silas?”
“Last I saw, he was heading outside, sir.”
“Thank you.”  Morten started walking away and then turned to face his friend.  “Oh, Garmund.”
“Yes, sir?”
“I want you to lay low tomorrow.  It might get a little intense outside.  There will be plenty of guards inside but I would feel better if you stayed out of harm’s way.”
Garmund nodded his understanding.  “Yes, Morten.”
Morten continued through the tunnels and walked outside to the pine grove.  He glanced at the few Overseers that were enjoying the outdoors and then he spotted Silas, who was sitting on a large flat rock on the edge of the grove, overlooking the valley to the north.  Morten approached.
“How are you doing, Silas?”
He knew that Silas and Gwynn had been romantically involved in her early years with the Overseers and his observations of Silas, since Gwynn had returned, confirmed that Silas still had feelings for her.  Every time Gwynn was in the vicinity, Silas lit up…not visibly but Morten could see his energy brighten.
Silas glanced at Morten.  “I’m fine.”
Morten set his hand on Silas’s shoulder.  “She will be missed.”
Silas let his gaze get lost in the valley down below.  “Yes, she will.”
Morten sat next to him on the rock.  “I wish I didn’t have to say this but the Brethren and the Guardians are headed this way again.  Only, this time, Draevil is accompanying the Brethren.  We need to be in position in the morning.  We’re going to use the rods.”
Silas looked at Morten.  “Seriously?”
Morten couldn’t interfere with a person’s free will but, in matters that caused widespread harm, there was always a line to be drawn.  He didn’t enjoy vaporizing people, abruptly ending their life, and sending their spirit off to the next experience.  In an ideal situation, he preferred to see a person learn from their experience and willingly choose to modify their behavior.  That was the choice he hoped that Elwyn was making.
As for the forces of dark and light, he knew it was unrealistic to expect them to be anything other than what they were.  They would always seek more power but Morten vowed to protect certain things in the world and to keep the darkness and the light from causing widespread destruction.  The forces had been pursuing the crystal and had been a threat to the fairies for generations.  It was tough for him to make this call but it was one step toward leveling the playing field, at least for awhile.  Besides, an Overseer had sacrificed her life to diminish this conflict.  He didn’t want to lose any others.
“Yes.  It’s time to put an end to this.  I will alert the fairies tonight but keep it to yourself for now.  The others will have a more restful night if they don’t know.  We’ll arm everyone first thing in the morning.”
“Of course.”
Morten stood to leave.  “I’ll offer something to Loki to help her sleep tonight.  She won’t be much help unless she gets some rest and we will need all of our forces this time.  I must take care of Gwynn.”
“Maybe it would be better for Loki if she took care of Gwynn,” Silas said.
“Good idea,” replied Morten.  Then he studied Silas for a moment.  “Perhaps you should join her.  It would give you closure as well.”
Silas glanced at Morten and then turned back to the view below him.  “I’ll be fine.”

~~~
“What is that?” asked Loki.
“It’s a vanishing rod,” replied Morten.
“You’re going to make her vanish?”
At first, Loki was astonished that Morten would even suggest it but as he gazed deeply into her eyes, she reached an understanding within herself.  Her expression softened, as she resigned herself to the truth.  She glanced at the wand in his hand and blinked several times.  Then she looked into his eyes again.
“You’re going to have me do it.”
Morten spoke softly.  “When you’re ready.”
Loki took the wand from him and turned it around in her hand.  It was short, only about six inches long.  Each end of the rod contained a crystal; both were six-sided with a perfect point at the tips.  One crystal was clear; the other was gold.
“Remember, Loki.  Your mother is gone.  Her spirit has left.  What’s left is a body.  She isn’t in it anymore.  So, you’re only making the body vanish.”  He placed his hand on her shoulder.  “Understand?”
Loki nodded.
“When you’re ready, point the gold crystal at her and say the word, abeo.”  Morten started to walk away and then stopped.  “Keep the rod for now.  I’ll get it from you later.”
“Okay.”
Morten pulled a small pouch out of his pocket and handed it to Loki.  “When you go to the evening meal tonight, pour this powder into your drink.  It will help you sleep tonight.  It’s time you got some rest.”
He turned and walked away, leaving Loki alone in her mother’s room.  She thought over his words and reminded herself that she wasn’t doing anything to her mother’s spirit.  She stood next to the bed and looked at the blue light that surrounded her mother’s body.  It wasn’t so bright anymore and the straight line of healing fragments was fading with it.
Loki whispered.  “Good bye, Mom.  I miss you.”  Then she pointed the gold crystal.  “Abeo.”
Gwynn vanished.  There was no sound to it.  The light and the fragments were gone as well.  Loki stared at the empty bed for awhile and then she walked out of the room.

FIFTY FOUR

_______________

Brethren of Darkness
En Route to the Great Mountains

“Halt,” ordered Draevil.  “We’ll make camp here for the night since it will be dark soon.  We’ll finish the trip tomorrow.”
Then he dismounted and looked up to the sky.  There was a cloud of about twenty ebonravens circling overhead.
“It’s time to take care of you pesky creatures,” he muttered.  “You’ll just draw unwanted attention to us.”  He pulled a small drawstring bag from his pocket and pulled it open.  He reached inside and pulled out a fistful of its contents.  Then he sprinkled some on the road and in the vegetation beside the road.  “That ought to give you a nice long sleep, until well after we’re gone.”
Squawking and chattering, the flock swooped down and began nibbling.  Draevil knew that, by morning, the birds would be perched in the nearby trees in a dead sleep that would last a day or more.
Bortundo and the six men that accompanied him left the road and dismounted their horses.  They walked farther into the vegetation for some cover.
“I’ll gather some wood,” offered Carlos.  Then he glanced at his bandaged hand, as if he just remembered he was still hindered by his injury.  “Hey, Ivan,” he hollered to one of the other men standing next to his horse, “come help me.”
Ivan trotted over to Carlos and the two of them started looking for wood.
“Bortundo,” called Draevil.
Bortundo tried to play the part of a confident member of the Brethren, drawing on the strength of the darkness, but he couldn’t help but wonder when Draevil was going to unleash his fury on him.  He didn’t have a good feeling about this trip and couldn’t shake the feeling that he was walking to his death.  He sighed and stepped around his horse to face Draevil.
“Yes, my Lord.”
“How long will it take from here?”
Bortundo thought back to the journey they previously took, when Elwyn was tagging along.  They rode faster that time but he estimated they were about three-quarters of the way there.
“I believe we have half a day’s journey left, maybe less.”
“Good.  We’ll leave at first light.”
Carlos reappeared with some chunks of dead wood stacked in his good arm.  He dropped his arm and the wood crashed to the ground.
“Hey, look what I found,” hollered Ivan.
He came around from behind some bushes but he wasn’t carrying wood.  He had an old woman by the scruff of the neck of a torn and weathered shirt.  The woman was slightly hunched over.  She wore a long skirt that was frayed around the hem, with loose strands of dirt-covered fabric dangling above her filthy leather boots that appeared one size too big.  The tattered blouse that Ivan grabbed was loosely thrown over another stained shirt.  A scarf, which was more like torn rags, was tied on her head to keep her long, gray, frizzy hair out of her face.  She wore a black patch over one eye and, by the opaque film covering the other eye, it was a wonder she could even see the ground in front of her.
Draevil looked on with impatience.  “What use do we have for an old hag?”
“She’s got a wagon full of stuff.  Maybe there is something in it that could be useful to us.”
The woman babbled incoherently and one hand shook as she made erratic gestures in the air.  It was hard to tell whether her filmy eye rested on any one place or person.
“Bring her wagon, then,” agreed Draevil.
“My wagon.  My horse,” uttered the woman’s raspy voice.
Bortundo rolled a stump of wood closer.  “Have a seat, old woman.”
The woman held her hands out to her sides to feel for the log as she lowered herself to sit.
“I know who you are,” the woman spouted as she shook a finger at Draevil.  “You are the Brethren of Darkness.”
Draevil didn’t look surprised.  The black cloaks were a dead give-away, assuming the woman could actually see what they were wearing.
The sound of wagon wheels barreling over uneven ground broke through the relative quiet as Ivan brought her horse and wagon closer.
“What are you doing here, old woman?” demanded Draevil.
“I travel all through these parts.  Sell my wares.  Tell fortunes.”
Ivan spoke up.  “By the looks of the junk in her wagon, I doubt she sells any of it.”
“Aaahh,” breathed the woman as though a realization had just entered her awareness.  She shook a finger toward Draevil again.  “You seek something.”
Ivan and the others looked surprised by this news but Draevil wore a deadpan expression.
“Either you are a liar or you have the inner sight.  You certainly don’t have the outer sight,” replied Draevil.
Ivan and the others laughed at his words.  Draevil held up a hand to quiet them.
“Which is it?” demanded Draevil.
The woman continued as though she felt no threat from him.  “It is dangerous, what you seek.”
“What makes you think that?” he inquired.
“There is an old tale…about a man who found it once.  He laid his hands upon it, soaking up its energy.  He hungered for its power…just like you.”  She shook her finger in his direction again.  “He was cast away from it, by the ghosts of the dead and never found it again.  But his thirst for it haunted him the rest of his days and tormented his mind.”
Draevil didn’t appear discouraged by her story.  Ghosts of the dead belonged to the darkness, the darkness upon which he thrived.
“That’s a lot of talk for an old woman who can’t see.”
As if to convince him that she knew what she was talking about, she added.  “I know where it is.  I know which mountain hides it.”
If the woman had her eye sight, she might be unnerved by the hardened glare from Draevil’s eyes.
“Why don’t you claim it for yourself, then?” he asked.
The woman spread her arms.  “Pppfffshaw.  I am no mountain goat.”  Her eyes lowered to the ground, as if her thoughts drifted off someplace else.  “I am tired of this world.  When my day comes, I will gladly face it.”
If the woman could see the lust-filled glimmer in Draevil’s eyes, she would know that her words had finally caught his attention, but she didn’t need to see to know.  His silence told her as much.

FIFTY FIVE

_______________

Tannis, Guardians of Light
En Route to the Great Mountains

The early morning air was crisp.  Puffs of warm moist air sprayed from the horses’ nostrils with each breath.  The sun had just broken the distant horizon, still clinging low to the ground, turning the sky a pale bluish-gray color.  The riders were mounted, listening to their orders as Tannis spoke.  His breath visibly lingered in the chilly air.
They had spent the night in an area just north of the Great Mountains, off an old trail that received little use since the main road had been built.  He originally told Noya they wouldn’t leave the Brethren’s compound until that morning but, as they continued their conversation, it was decided the group should leave that night after the evening meal.
Now, it was time to break into two groups, each taking a different route, and converge at the old lake bed on the southern flank of the mountains.
“I will take Anton, Pria and Simon.  We’ll take an old path that leads over the mountains.  Katarina will take Zack, Geoffrey and James and go around the western end of the range, and meet us on the southern flank at the old lake bed.  Take caution.  It’s possible that the Brethren are still in pursuit of the same thing that we’re after.”
“When will you tell us what we’re after?” asked Zack.
Tannis looked at all of their faces and let his eyes rest on Anton when he answered.  “We’re going after the crystal that Markus wanted to find.”
Anton rolled his eyes.  “I thought that died with Markus.”  As soon as he made the comment, he quickly backpedaled.  “I…sorry...I don’t mean to be disrespectful.  I just thought Noya wasn’t interested in pursuing it like Markus was.”
Tannis looked displeased with Anton’s remark.  “Well, you’re wrong.  Noya wants us to find it.”
Tannis had estimated that it would take both groups nearly the same amount of time to reach the other side of the mountains.  In fact, his group might be the first to arrive.  His route was shorter but much more difficult.  Katarina’s was longer but, for the most part, it was level.  So if they pushed their horses, they would make good time and, at the latest, should arrive shortly after Tannis.
He still needed to determine whether the crystal had sinister powers and decided that, once they got inside the mountain, he would have Anton physically remove it.  He believed that Anton was the person speaking over the gate with the Brethren.  In fact, he questioned whether Anton, himself, was a member of the Brethren.  He hadn’t been able to shake off his suspicion that his roommate was a spy.  So what better way to flush him out?  If the stone is evil, then Anton would be his guinea pig and would receive the brunt of its effects.  If it isn’t, then there are enough members of the Guardians to prevent him from running away with the crystal.
Tannis eyed the group.  “May the light be with us.  May it guide our way and protect us.  Shield yourselves with it at all times.”
With that spoken, Katarina spurred her horse to the west, and her group followed.  Tannis led his group to the southeast, where he believed he would find the old trail that led over the pass.

~~~
The going was slow for Tannis and company.  The trail that led up the north side of the mountain was narrow and barely noticeable in places.  Occasionally they had to dismount and lead their horses around narrow ledges.  In those moments Tannis questioned his plans and wondered whether he had timed it well enough to meet up with Katarina.
Finally, they reached the pass and he was able to look ahead to where the trail led down into a canyon.  The sun was higher in the sky and the temperature had risen significantly since they split with the other group.  He looked over his unit, as they sat mounted on their horses, gazing down below.
He tapped his horse.  “Let’s keep moving.”
The others followed.  As they descended toward the canyon floor, Tannis thought back over the map that he had studied.  There should be a small stream flowing through the canyon and, once they reached it, he estimated that it should only be a few miles to get to the mouth of it.  Then they would be on the southern flank of the Great Mountains.  Depending on how good the cartographer was, he figured it was a few more miles to get to the old lake bed.  He looked up to the sky to determine the sun’s location.  It was nearly overhead so he estimated it was late morning.  He cringed at how he underestimated the length of time for this journey.  Perhaps they could cover ground more quickly once they reached the stream.
“Are we stopping to eat?” asked Anton.
Tannis pivoted his body to look at Anton.  “No.”
Anton rolled his eyes.  Tannis caught Pria’s gaze and she smiled at him as though she found humor in Anton’s whiny tone.
They reached the stream and Tannis kicked his horse.  He wondered, as he glanced at the canyon walls, whether there might be other caves that led to the crystal.  He had seen a couple small openings along the way but they were high in the cliff and the walls offered no way to climb.  Besides, there really wasn’t time for exploring but he noted it for future exploration.
He was getting impatient and drove his horse harder.  The others picked up the pace as well.  He was so focused on getting through the canyon that he almost missed the small stone cottage that butted against the rock face.  It was cleverly built of irregular shaped stones and blended fairly well with the background.  He noticed that on the other side of the house, the canyon wall protruded toward the stream, which blocked it from view of the other end of the canyon.  It struck him as an odd location to build a house.  He couldn’t put his finger on it but something about it seemed suspicious.  He slowed his horse and the others did the same.
Then he saw her.  Sitting on the ground, leaning against the front wall of the house, was a woman.  She watched them approach, as if she had expected them.

FIFTY SIX

_______________

Adele, Overseers
Great Mountains

Adele sat in the warmth of the late morning sun.  Her brow furrowed as she thought about Morten’s note.  He’d had a vanishing rod delivered to her along with a note that explained its use.  She assumed the other sentries received the same but didn’t know since they were located farther down the mountain range.  She hadn’t crossed paths with them in a long time.
In all her years as an Overseer, guarding this post, she had never been asked to use a vanishing rod.  She had always carried a sword or dagger but observant eyes, morphing and fast thinking often prevented their use.  She was aware of the rod’s existence but had never held one.  She sat on the ground and leaned back against the house, examining the wand in her hands.  It was hard to imagine that something so lightweight wielded so much power.
Things must be serious, she thought.  In the past, when there was a threat, Morten sent an extra swordsman to help guard the post.  This time, his note said that no blades were to be used.  She wondered if Gwynn’s death was the tipping point to cause him to take more drastic measures to end the Guardians’ and the Brethrens’ lust for the crystal.
His note was cryptically written:
Threat is real.  No bladed weapons this time.  Enclosed is vanishing rod.  Gold crystal to vanish someone.  Point and say ‘abeo.’  Clear crystal to permanently remove memory.  Point and say ‘eximo memoria.’  Use at your discretion but use it, you must.
If it has come to this, she wondered, then why bother to hide?  Why bother to morph with the rock wall and try to avoid conflict?  Although, she had to admit, when she was provoked it made the choice more clear.  Without that, well, it was harder.
She reminded herself of the purpose of the Overseers: to ensure that neither the light nor the darkness got out of control.  She recalled whom and what she was defending.  Besides protecting the secrecy of the Overseers, the fairies needed help.  They deserve to survive but they won’t if the crystal is removed.  They depend on us to stop this craziness.  Some things aren’t meant to be found and should never be placed in the hands of mankind.  It’s time to end this greed-driven search.
The more she thought, the more resolve she felt for what was about to happen and it hadn’t come a moment too soon.  She heard riders coming down the canyon and watched, in anticipation of their appearance.  Rarely did anyone come over the mountain pass anymore, not since the road had been built to go around the mountains.  The road provided safer passage for north-south travel, even though it added length to the route.
Listening intently, she estimated three or four horses and gazed up the canyon, expecting to see the white tunics at any moment.  As soon as they came into sight, the lead rider slowed his horse.  His face registered some confusion as he looked at the cottage and then glanced around the area, probably trying to rationalize the obscure location for this place.  The others appeared around the curve and she counted four riders in all: three men and one woman.
Adele stood and lowered her arm so the wand was hidden behind her leg.  She watched as one of the men broke off from the group and headed toward the alcove, where the horses were kept.  The other three approached Adele.
“Hello,” said the lead rider.
“Hello,” replied Adele.
“Is this your house?” he asked.
“And, what is yer interest in this house?” asked Adele.
The expression on the lead rider’s face registered surprise, as if he hadn’t expected to be questioned.  He sat upright and stuck his chest out slightly, as if the tunic wasn’t already obvious.
“We are members of the Guardians of Light and we are on a quest.  Maybe you can help us.  Are you familiar with these mountains?”
“What do ya need?” asked Adele.
“Are there caves in these mountains?” he asked.
Adele glanced around the canyon.  “Mountains generally have caves.  Are ya looking for one in particular?”
The fourth member of the party appeared from the alcove.  He walked toward Adele as he led his horse by the reins.  “There are several horses behind those trees,” he blurted.  “There must be others who live in this tiny place.”  As he approached, he examined where the back of the cottage butted up to the canyon wall.  “How do you all fit in there?”
“I don’t see how it’s yer concern,” Adele replied.  She didn’t see the point in answering their questions but she was also finding it hard to just coldly point the rod and take action.
The lead rider dismounted and took a step toward her.  His hand rested on the hilt of his sword and it sounded like his patience was wearing thin.  “Look, ma’am.  We’re Guardians.  Anything we do is for the good of the people and there is something in these mountains that we’re trying to find.  It’s your obligation to help us.”
“Maybe it’s not for the good of everyone,” she retorted.
Just then, the fourth member blurted out.  “She knows what we’re looking for!”  He drew his sword and his body language indicated his readiness to lunge.
She brought the rod out in front of her and pointed the gold crystal at him.  “Abeo!”
Mid stride, the fourth member of the group disappeared, without any sound or trace that he was ever there.  His horse disappeared with him.  At the same moment, she heard swords being unsheathed from their scabbards.  The leader was only a few long strides away but she sensed his hesitancy.  She glanced behind him at the woman on the horse.  She looked like she didn’t dare move and she was the only one who hadn’t unsheathed a sword.
Then Adele noticed slight movement from the other man, the one who was still mounted, and saw his hand slowly moving.  Then, in an instant, she saw his body tense as he reached down his leg, on the opposite side of his horse.  His body shifted slightly and as soon as Adele caught the flicker of sunlight gleaming off the metal blade, she pointed the gold end.
“Abeo!”
The man and his horse vanished.  The lead man, standing on the ground in front of her, was frozen in place.  His eyes wide with fear as he stared at the powerful weapon in her hand.  Then he glanced at his sword, apparently considering the futility of using it.
“What did you do?!?” said the man.
“Tannis,” said the woman-rider, “let’s go.  Look, ma’am.  We mean you no harm.”  The woman backed her horse a couple steps and pointed it down the canyon.  “Just let us pass.  We won’t bother you again.”
Adele kept her eyes on them, watchful of sudden movements.
The man, called Tannis, backed up several steps and kept his eyes on Adele as he mounted his horse.  He replaced his sword in the scabbard.
Adele said nothing as she watched them.  The woman and man kept their eyes on her for a long moment as they tapped their horses and took a few steps downstream.  They faced forward, picking up the pace slightly but turned back a couple of times to see that she was still watching them.  Then they faced forward again and kicked their horses into a run.
“I’m sorry but this is for the good of everyone.”  Adele pointed the clear crystal at them.  “Eximo memoria.”

FIFTY SEVEN

_______________

Guardians of Light
Great Mountains

“I would have expected Tannis to be here already,” whispered Katarina.
They slowed their horses to a walk and kept a watchful eye for signs of other people as they entered the area near the old lake bed.  There appeared to be no one else but they stayed mounted and in the protection of the forest, where they could watch without being readily seen.
Before leaving the Northland, Tannis had shared his previous experience with Katarina and so she knew to be cautious.
She spoke quietly.  “Tannis and the others will come from that direction.”  She pointed to the east.  “The mouth of the canyon should only be a few miles away.”
Zack asked, “Should one of us ride over there to see if they’re near?”
“That’s a good idea, Zack.  Go meet them but only go as far as the entrance to the canyon.  If you don’t see them, come right back to let me know.  I’ll stay in this spot and keep watch.  Geoffrey, I’d like for you to get closer to the canyon wall on the left side of the lake bed.  Stay in the protection of the trees.  James, you take the right side of the lake.  We’ll stay put until Zack returns, alone or with the others.”
Zack pointed his horse toward the east and walked through the trees.  He listened and kept watch for about half a mile but then decided it was probably safe to spur the horse into a run.  As soon as he saw the stream that flowed out of the canyon, he slowed his horse to a walk and stopped at the entrance.  He saw two riders approaching and recognized Tannis and Pria.
He waved to them.  They didn’t wave back.  That’s odd, he thought.  He watched for a moment, expecting to see two more riders with them but none appeared.  He waved again.  Tannis turned around in the saddle to look behind and Zack wondered whether something was wrong.  Maybe there are captors behind them.  He pulled the reins of his horse and retreated out of the canyon, staying close to the wall.  He drew his sword, expecting the element of surprise to be in his favor and waited.
Several minutes went by before he saw Tannis and Pria again but this time they had crossed to the opposite side of the stream, creating more distance from him.  When they exited the canyon, they glanced in his direction.
Suddenly they both drew their swords and pointed their horses toward Zack but stayed where they were.  Zack assumed they were joining him in ambushing their pursuers.  The three of them stayed in place and stared at each other, from opposite sides of the canyon entrance.  Finally, Zack dismounted and edged closer to the rock wall and peered around the corner to look up the canyon.  He saw no one.  He stepped away from the wall to see a greater distance but still saw no one.
Then he glanced at Tannis and Pria.  “Where are Simon and Anton?  What’s going on?”
Neither Tannis nor Pria said a word but they kept their eyes on him.
“Tannis.  Pria.  What’s going on?”
“I don’t know these people you speak of,” Tannis replied.
Zack studied the blank expressions on their faces.  He watched as Pria’s eyes wearily stared back, then she looked at Tannis and looked down at her clothes.
“He wears the same clothes that we do,” she said to Tannis.
Tannis glanced down at his tunic.  Then he glanced at Pria’s and then at Zack.
“Who are you?” Tannis said.
Zack’s mind whirled in confusion.
“Okay, you guys.  This isn’t funny,” spouted Zack but the others weren’t laughing.
He took a couple steps toward them but Tannis and Pria raised their swords and looked like they were ready to strike, so he stopped.  Something was terribly wrong.  He looked up the canyon and still saw no sign of Simon or Anton.  He glanced back at them.
“Tannis?  Pria?  Are you sure you want to do this?  We need you at the lake bed.”
Zack found the look in their eyes to be disturbing.  It was as if he was a stranger to them.  There was no sign of recognition and he had no explanation for it.  He didn’t know what else to do.
“The lake bed is a few miles that way.”  He pointed west.  “It would be great if you joined us…like we discussed.”
Still, they said nothing.  With sword in hand, Zack flung his hands up in a gesture, like he was saying – What gives?  He walked back to his horse, glancing up the empty canyon on the way.  He mounted, gave them one last fleeting look, and rode west.

FIFTY EIGHT

_______________


“It was like they didn’t know who I was,” Zack explained.  “I thought they were playing some kind of a joke but,” he shook his head back and forth, “they weren’t.”
“And, no sign of Simon or Anton?” asked Katarina.
“No.  I don’t get it.”  Zack’s mind tried to grasp this turn of events.  “I…I just don’t get it.”
Katarina’s face scrunched up.  “That doesn’t make any sense.”
The sound of a wagon and horses broke through the quiet.
“Take cover,” she said to Zack.
He turned and trotted to her right, farther into the trees.  Katarina receded back as well.  She only hoped that Geoffrey and James heard the sounds and stayed out of sight.
Before long, the horse drawn wagon appeared.  Its driver was a man, wearing the black cape of a member of the Brethren of Darkness.  He stopped on the edge of the old lake bed.  Behind him were six other members on horseback.  The man in the wagon studied the cliff on the other side of the old lake and then drove the wagon forward, in a big half-loop, so the wagon came to a stop up against the cliff.  He jumped down, stepped back several paces and observed his location.  The other Brethren had dismounted as well and they gathered in the lake bed, as if discussing what they were about to do.
Katarina didn’t like their odds.  There were four Guardians and seven Brethren.  The only two things the Guardians had in their favor, though, were that they were still mounted, and they had the element of surprise.
“May the light be with us,” whispered Katarina as she quietly unsheathed her sword.  At first, she wasn’t sure of the correct action to take.  They didn’t know where Simon and Anton were and Tannis and Pria acted as if their memory had just been stolen, or they were playing a very sick game.
Tannis had shown her on the map where he believed the crystal crevice was located but he also admitted that he wasn’t certain.  The Brethren arriving in the same vicinity made her think there was some truth to Tannis’s thinking.  Should they wait and see if the Brethren obtain the crystal and then attack?  Or should they attack the Brethren first and then locate the crystal?
She had concluded that they should attack first and was about to shout an order to the Guardians when she noticed a strange mist forming off to her left.  It started as a small puff but quickly expanded toward the lake bed where the Brethren stood.
Then she caught sight of James near the cliff, coming out of the trees on the right.  He led his horse by the reins and was heading straight toward the Brethren, as if he didn’t have a care in the world.
Zack shouted, “James, no!”
Most members of the Brethren looked in the direction of the shout, except for one who kept his eyes on James as he approached.  Oddly enough, the Brethren smiled, as if he found the Guardian walking toward him amusing.
Then he said, “Brothers, look who joins us.”
James walked right up to him and gave him a hug.
Katarina couldn’t believe what she was seeing.  She watched as James pointed in her direction, and signaled where Zack and Geoffrey were hiding.  James!  A spy!
Then he shouted.  “Come on out, Katarina.  Zack.  Geoffrey.”
Holding her sword at the ready, Katarina walked her horse forward, until she just broke past the tree line.  Zack did the same and appeared about fifty feet to her right, his sword also at the ready.  Geoffrey stepped out from his place near the cliff and stopped where he could see Katarina, on the other side of the lake bed.  He kept an eye on the Brethren and their position but also glanced at Katarina, waiting for a signal to act.
The fog was growing in size and rapidly spread in multiple directions at once.  In fact, it was about to block her eye contact with Geoffrey.  Katarina heard a faint sound, like distant tiny bells playing soft music.  She felt the slightest air movement brush past her face but there was no breeze.  The leaves on the trees weren’t moving.  The blanket of fog became dense as it moved, like a dark storm cloud building over the ground.
Suddenly, the gray cloud quit moving forward.  There was a distinct line where it stopped, as if an unseen force was holding it back, so it had no direction to go but up toward the sky.  As the fog continued to increase in size, it became an ominous billowy gray wall.  Katarina thought she heard the bells again.  She glanced around and saw that the fog had everyone’s attention.
She gazed to her right, past Zack, hoping to see Tannis and Pria arriving.  Their behavior didn’t make sense but she sure wished they were there right now to help even the odds.  She caught Zack’s attention and made a gesture with her sword, nodding her head in the direction of the Brethren.  She prayed like heck that Tannis and Pria would arrive at any moment.
Then, at the top of her lungs, she shouted, “Guardians, charge!”

FIFTY NINE

_______________

Overseers
Great Mountains

Morten regretted giving Loki the substance to help her sleep the previous night.  It had too strong of an effect and they hadn’t been able to wake her that morning.  Waysu left her a note, beside the vanishing rod, and told her to join them as soon as she woke but Morten wasn’t expecting her any time soon.
He swirled his finger in the air, creating a vortex of spinning energy, and flung it at the Sound Eating fog.  He expected that it would dispel the mist but it had only a slight effect.  He anticipated that the fog might be used again as a ploy but it clearly wasn’t created by the Brethren standing in the lake bed.  In fact, they seemed oblivious to it.  Someone else was in the area.
He signaled to the fairies positioned in the trees where they blended perfectly with the bark, like moths with splotches of brown on the backside of their wings.  Morten watched as they abandoned their positions to help with the fog.  As soon as they reached the sunny, open area, it appeared that they vanished but Morten knew they were there, working invisibly.  He heard the faint sound of chimes as they fanned their wings in an effort to get rid of the fog.  He only hoped that he’d brought along enough fairies to do the trick since the fog was spreading over a large area.  He created another swirling vortex and directed it toward the mist, hoping to minimize their work.
He had observed seven Brethren in the lake bed but knew there was, at least, one more that had created the fog.  Four Guardians entered the area as well, although, one was obviously a spy for the Brethren, which was evident since he broke his cover and exchanged greetings with his brothers.  So that made a minimum of eight Brethren and three Guardians, which wasn’t even turf but it mattered not, knowing what the Overseers were about to do.  Morten let his eyes roam some more, searching for additional people but saw none.
He glanced at the fog again.  The fairies were managing to keep it away from the Guardians and the Brethren, which was critical for the Overseers to use their vanishing rods.  If the fog engulfed them all, it would be likely that someone could slip away and also made it impossible for the Overseers to see their targets.
There was a distinct line where the cloud was held back, so the fairies were having some success but as he watched, Morten’s concern grew.  The mist was still expanding and becoming dense but instead of disappearing, it climbed upward, against their wall of resistance.  It looked ominous, like a huge ocean wave building in height before crashing back down to the surface.  He feared that it was outgrowing the area that the fairies could cover.  They had to act soon or the opportunity would be missed.
Just then, one of the Guardians shouted for her group to charge.  Morten waited another moment, to see if other Guardians or Brethren surfaced but didn’t see anyone else..  He took one last look at the fog and knew that the fairies were losing the battle.  The cloud was rolling over their wall of defense and ready to crash down onto the people fighting in the lake bed.  They had to act quickly.
Morten charged forward, selected the closest Guardian, pointed the gold crystal and shouted, “Abeo!”  The Guardian and his horse disappeared.
The other Overseers had been waiting for Morten to make the first move and, as soon as he did, they bounded forth and used their vanishing rods to each eliminate another person.  Fortunately, the Guardians and the Brethren were none the wiser that others were in the area, until there was a shout.
“Kado!  Behind you!” screamed Waysu.
Morten saw Kado grab his arm as he dropped to the ground and rolled.  He had been struck by a Brethren’s sword but managed to keep hold of the vanishing rod.  With his good arm, he held the wounded arm, while his other arm pointed the rod at the man who was about to hurl his sword at him.
“Abeo,” shouted Kado.
“Waysu!” cried Silas.  He watched one of the Guardians, on foot, charging toward her but they were too far away for Silas to use his wand.  He might accidentally make Waysu disappear.  The Guardian wrapped her arms around Waysu, before Waysu had a chance to turn and face her, and tackled her to the ground.  As they fell, Waysu was underneath the Guardian but, by the time they hit the ground, Waysu had managed to pivot her wand enough to target the Guardian.  The woman vaporized and Waysu struck the ground.
Morten glanced around to tally the count and caught the Brethren that ran toward him by surprise.  The Brethren and his horse disappeared.  There were only a few left but Morten noticed that the fog was nearly on top of them all.  In fact, one of the Guardians squirmed as the mist engulfed him but it appeared the mist was physically sticking to him.  He was unsuccessful in peeling it off and Morten quickly lost sight of him.  Something was different about this cloud.  It had a different property than the one that Elwyn had used.
Morten suddenly had the sense that he was being watched.  He turned to his left and gazed back near the tree line.  Draevil, the Lord of the Brethren, stood outside the fog’s reach and watched.  Next to him was an old woman; a black patch covered one of her eyes.  Morten turned to point his rod but his hand caught, held back by the sticky mist that had just grabbed him.
Morten’s experience with the vanishing rod had only been on living mammals but, he reasoned, the fog is a self-generating living thing.  He decided that he had nothing to lose by trying it.  Where his hand was stuck, the gold crystal pointed only at the cloud.
“Abeo!”
A small hole poked through the cloud and light filtered through it.  He twisted his hand slightly.
“Abeo!”
Another hole developed, but it was so small in diameter, he knew it would take a long time to break free.  He took one last look at Draevil.  The intensity of his hardened glare was the last sight that Morten saw before he was fully enveloped by the cloud.

SIXTY

_______________

Loki
Great Mountains

Loki had been drifting in and out of sleep, having difficulty shaking the oppressing drugged feeling that clouded her mind and gave her strange dreams.  She thought she called out to Waysu, at least she imagined that she did, but there was no reply.  She had no sense of how long she had slept or what time of day or night it was.  Her eyelids felt like heavy slothful blankets that resisted being lifted.
She lay still for a few moments, willing her body and mind to wake, to come alert.  Finally, she managed to force her eyelids to move.  They rose slightly but immediately closed again.
Ugh!  So groggy!
She shook her head, trying to clear the feeling.
Need…to move…the body.
She pushed her eyelids open again and held them there, blinking a few times.  There was light in the room.  She turned her head and saw a lit candle on the table between the beds.  Beside it was a glass of water.  With a groan, she rolled onto her side and pushed herself up with her arm.  Her legs fell over the edge of the bed.  The movement was helping.  She stretched her body to force more life into it.  She rubbed her eyes, slapped her cheeks and legs, and let out a grunt.  The grogginess subsided some.  She looked at the table and saw a note from Waysu.
Couldn’t wake you.  Need your help outside the crystal cave.  Come as soon as you can.  Use the crevice and bring the vanishing rod.
She placed her hands on the side of the bed and bent over while she pushed herself off to a standing position.  She nearly rolled right to the floor but caught herself and straightened up.  As she looked down, she noticed she was still wearing the previous day’s clothes.  The powdered substance she had put into her drink at the evening meal must have knocked her out before she changed clothes.
She reached for the water and gulped it, grateful for the lively feeling it brought to her senses.  She set the empty cup on the table and saw the vanishing rod she used to vaporize her mother’s body.  Thinking about it caused her to sigh.  After a moment, she picked it up, grabbed her wrap and unsteadily walked out of the room.
The halls were empty and all was quiet as she wound her way to the stairs.  As her senses came more awake, she noticed Overseers morphed into the tunnel walls as she passed by but she didn’t acknowledge them.  It was enough, though, to let her know that something was going on so she walked with the gold crystal pointed outward, in case she got caught off guard by some intruder.
Before she reached the stairs, someone whispered.
“I thought she was outside with the others.”
“I thought so, too.  Maybe we should go check on them.”
Loki stopped, before descending the stairs and turned toward the whispers.
“I can hear you, you know.  I’m on my way now.”
She took the crudely carved stairs as quickly as possible.  When she hit bottom, she rushed to the storage room, grabbed a lantern from the box, lit it and approached the crystal cave.  It was dark so she knew the fairies were plastered all over the crystals lining the walls and ceiling.  Soft light emanated from the cave that held the main crystal, though, so she walked quickly toward it, thinking that Morten was there.  As she got closer, she heard voices and realized the light didn’t have the usual gold hue but was white and seemed to be moving around.
“Where is it?” demanded a deep, male voice.
A raspy woman’s voice responded, “It’s here.  I hear the hum and feel its vibration through the floor.”
Loki stopped and immediately extinguished the lantern.  Something is wrong!  She crept quietly toward the opening to the main cave and stopped at the edge.  Footsteps were crunching on the floor of the smaller cave, walking back and forth.  When she thought they were walking away from her she snuck a glance around the corner.  What she saw shocked her and she sucked in air.
The man turned at the sound and Loki ducked back behind the wall.
It took a moment for her brain to register what it saw.  There was a man with a ball of bright white light that fit in the palm of his hand.  He was tall and wore a black cape.  Loki’s skin turned clammy and her heart pounded in her chest as she realized it was a member of the Brethren of Darkness but something about this one was menacingly dark.  Maybe it was his black hair, with beard and mustache or his dark skin but everything about him oozed darkness, like it was coming through the pores of his being.
The dirt crunched under his heavy footsteps and the sound came closer.  Loki shrank back further, careful not to touch the wall and hurt the fairies.
“It’s close.  Over in this area,” said the woman.  “It’s hidden somehow.”
The man stopped walking toward Loki and turned back.  Loki quietly stepped forward to take another look.  Both intruders had their backs to her.  She held her breath as she studied them.  The woman stood with her hands held out, trying to determine the source of the vibration.  She had long gray hair and wore tattered, soiled clothing.  She was hunched over slightly.  The man was beside her, extending his hand so the ball of light shone on the walls.
As Loki looked on, something odd was happening with the woman.  Her hair looked like it was changing.  It flickered from frizzy gray to smooth black.  It blinked back and forth a few times and then stayed black.  While she still wore the ragged clothes, her posture straightened and from her backside, Loki thought she could have just as easily been observing a young person.
The woman turned sideways, lengthening her reach as though her hands followed an invisible trail, and Loki saw a patch over her eye.  Then she turned to go in the opposite direction and Loki recognized her.  Elwyn!  How dare she come back here!  The magic she used on herself had apparently just worn off but Elwyn acted as though she had no clue that she had returned to normal.
The man took a step to the side but moved his hand so that the light was on Elwyn.  He watched for a moment and then said, “Well?  Where is it, old woman?”
Loki noticed the irritation in his tone but Elwyn appeared oblivious.
“It’s in here.  I know it is.”  She let her hands sense the vibrations through the air.  “It’s the cave.  I can’t pinpoint…”
Elwyn stopped and a look of shock spread across her face.  She stared at the back of her hands.  They were young again.
“…the location…”  Her voice was normal, no longer raspy like an old woman.  She glanced at her hair that had draped over the front of her shoulder and touched its black, sleek surface.  Then her gaze rose to meet Draevil’s glare and her jaw dropped.
In one fluid movement, his free hand wrapped tightly around her neck and his thumb pressed firmly into her throat.  Elwyn choked and gasped for air.  He dropped the ball of light to the floor and used both hands to strangle her.
“This is the last time you will play me for a fool!”  His voice loudly echoed through the caverns.
Elwyn tried to speak but only gurgled rasps came out.  Even in the dim light, Loki saw her sister’s body going limp.  Loki rushed forward with vanishing rod in hand, making sure the gold crystal pointed outward.  When she was nearly upon Draevil, she shouted.
“Abeo!”
In an instant, he disappeared and Elwyn dropped to the ground, gasping for air.  Loki stood over her with the rod pointed at her chest.  This was the first time she had seen Elwyn in over a year and she couldn’t help but notice that something was different.  It wasn’t how her face looked different with a patch over her eye.  As she stood there, in the close proximity, Loki shuddered at the strength of the dark energy that radiated from her sister.  Not only did the man ooze with darkness; her sister had the same intense energy.
Several moments passed and Elwyn’s breathing was almost normal again before she looked up at the person that saved her.

SIXTY ONE

_______________


Elwyn tried to speak but it only caused her to cough.  After a few hacks, she asked, “What are you doing here?”
“It doesn’t matter.”  Loki stepped back slightly but kept the rod aimed.  She did nothing to disguise her irritation.  “Why did you come back here?  Wasn’t it enough that you saw the destruction that would be caused by removing the crystal?”
Elwyn shrugged and stared at the cave floor.  Her voice was deeper when she finally spoke.  “Have you never craved power, sister?  Have you never felt so much passion for something that it consumed your entire being?!?”
“I don’t expect you to understand this, sister, but if it’s harmful or at the expense of others, no.  I have not.”
Elwyn was silent for a moment.  “I suppose I should thank you.”  She coughed a few more times.  “You did me a favor.”
Loki stared at her.  “Don’t flatter yourself, Elwyn.  If I weren’t here, you were going to give it to him, weren’t you?”
At first, Elwyn didn’t speak.  Then a shrewd smile played over her lips and her whole demeanor changed.
“Yes, I was.  And, why not?  It would have destroyed him but you did that for me.”  She looked down at the dirt again and massaged her neck.
“It would have destroyed more than just him.”
Elwyn smirked.  “What do I care?  He’s gone, nonetheless, and now I can take over the Brethren.”  She held her fist over her chest.  “I will be the most powerful dark force.”
Loki sighed.  “When did you become such a cold person?”
“When father taught me to be that way.”
“Oh, I think you went way beyond anything he taught you.”  Loki met her sister’s eyes and realized that Elwyn didn’t know their father was gone.  “He’s dead, Elwyn.  Father took his life.”
Elwyn shrugged.  “I’m not surprised.  He was spineless.  Frankly, I don’t know how mother puts up with it.”  She looked at Loki.  “Or, you for that matter but he was my ticket out of there.”
“Mother is dead, too.”
Loki caught the brief look of surprise as it washed over Elwyn’s face and, for a miniscule moment, hoped that there was actually some compassion left in her sister.
“What happened?” asked Elwyn.
“She was poisoned by one of your Brethren.”
Elwyn snickered.  “How ironic.”
Loki felt her face get hot as the anger increased.  “It was meant for you, Elwyn.  He meant to kill you!!”
“Well, I’m still here, aren’t I?” spat Elwyn.  She looked up to meet Loki’s eyes.  “Don’t act all high and mighty on me, sister.  Where is the crystal?”
Loki stared at Elwyn.  She knew she couldn’t let her stay in the cave and couldn’t let her go either.  Elwyn had breached the cave twice and Loki suspected that she would find her way back again, if given the opportunity.  Loki knew there was only one thing to do but why was she hesitating?  Perhaps something in the back of her mind questioned whether Elwyn could change.
Elwyn closed her eyes and her lips began to move.  Loki heard her speaking but didn’t understand the words.  It was a language she had never heard before.  After a moment, the ground began to shake.  The cave walls and ceiling sounded like they were rattling.
Without warning, the fairies that had been covering the crystals with their winged bodies took flight.  Golden light instantly filled the space and the big crystal was revealed.  Elwyn stared at it as she got to her feet and Loki saw the hunger in her eyes.  She grabbed Elwyn’s shoulders and shook her.
“Stop, Elwyn!  Stop it!  You can’t take it.  If you break it, it will destroy everything and everyone.”
Elwyn turned on her sister and shoved her hard with a surprising strength.  Loki stumbled back and fell, dropping the vanishing rod in the meantime.  A deep, foreboding sound filled the cave as a huge cluster of fairies hovered above Elwyn, like a swarm of angry bees.  Tiny gold specks rained down on Elwyn but then the specks gathered above her, as though there was an invisible shield protecting her.  She continued reciting the chant.  The earth trembled, causing pieces of crystal to break away from the walls.  It sounded like breaking glass.
Elwyn stepped over to the amber-colored crystal that throbbed and pulsed with life.
“Elwyn.  No!” cried Loki.
With her hands in its aura, Elwyn whispered, “How can you not want this raw power?”  She turned to look at Loki.  “I pity you sister.  What is there to life if you aren’t more powerful than others?”
Elwyn turned back and her hands reached for the crystal.  Loki scrambled for the rod, picked it up and pointed it but before she spoke, the rod burned her hand and she dropped it.
“Aaah.”
More fairies joined the swarm but the golden specks remained suspended above Elwyn.  Elwyn turned for one last look at her sister and Loki noticed that her eyes were black, as if the most sinister force had just found a new host.  A mist appeared that quickly took the form of the black panther that she had seen before.  It circled Elwyn as its fangs dripped saliva and it let out a throaty growl.  Its eyes were deep amber and, inside the cave, they looked like the exact same color of the crystal.
Loki was afraid that she missed her only opportunity to vaporize her sister.  The vanishing rod on the ground was smoking, like it was burning from the inside.  Gold specks rained down in a torrent in the fairies’ last effort to save the crystal…and themselves.
The wild cat continued circling Elwyn, glancing at Loki on its way around as if daring her to move.  When it circled back, Loki quickly shook her wrap off her shoulders and gathered it in her hand.  The cat came back around and looked her way again.  When it turned away from her, she used the wrap to grab the scorched rod.
She pointed it at the apparition and her sister.
She shouted.  “Abeo!
Elwyn vanished and the quaking ceased but the cat remained for a moment.  It looked at Loki as if it was just registering the shock of what she had done.  It didn’t vaporize but slowly faded back into the mist.  Then it made a sizzling sound, like cold water poured onto hot ash, and a thin stream of haze trickled upward before it disappeared all together.
Then Loki noticed a trickle of smoke rising up into her face.  Thinking the evil force was coming for her next, she jumped back.  Something burned her hand and she dropped her wrap and the vanishing rod.  The wrap was smoldering, ready to catch fire.  She stomped it out with both feet.
She stood there, taking in the reality of what nearly happened.  She stepped toward the fairies’ crystal and breathed a sigh of relief that it hadn’t been damaged.  The swarm of fairies swooped down between her and the crystal, blocking her view of it.  She looked at their big eyes in their tiny faces.  Their sound was becoming more harmonious, indicating that they were calming down.
“I’m sorry,” she said to them.  “I nearly blew it.”
While the swarm kept the blockade in front of the crystal, a handful of fairies broke away and flew past Loki.  Their pitch changed and she turned toward them.  They were signaling for her to follow.  They led her to the crystal lined crevice and motioned for her to go outside and she suddenly remembered Waysu’s note, asking for help.
She held up a finger to the fairies.  “Wait.”
Then she went back to the rod wrapped in her half burnt wrap.  The rod that held a crystal on each end was now in two pieces but the crystals were still attached.  She picked up both sections, hoping that it still worked and rushed out of the crevice, wondering what she was going to encounter next.

SIXTY TWO

_______________


Loki stepped to the crevice and felt the river of energy carry her through to the outside.  She held the small stump of the rod with the gold crystal at the ready, just in case there was a Guardian or Brethren on the mountain.  She stuffed the other end into a pocket.  She didn’t know what the clear crystal was for anyway.  Once outside, she surveyed the immediate vicinity and saw no one.
She glanced down below, to the old lake bed, and saw a strange scene.  A gray cloud hung over the area, similar to the fog that Elwyn created to cover the Brethren and the Guardians on her first attempt at the crystal.  Oddly, though, this cloud had a couple of holes in it.  From above, she observed movement through the openings but couldn’t tell what was there.  She cautiously scrambled down the cliff, keeping an eye on the cloud as she searched for the best footholds.  When she was almost down, she thought she heard someone say, “Abeo.”
She stopped descending and listened.  It was muffled but she heard it again.
“Abeo.”
She watched the cloud.  The next time she heard the word, she noticed one of the holes got slightly larger.
“Abeo.”  The hole enlarged a bit more.
The same thing was happening with the second hole.  The voice sounded familiar.
“Morten?  Is that you?”
There was no response, just another abeo.  She called louder.
“Morten.  Can you hear me?”
“Loki?”
The cry was so faint, it sounded like it was coming from the tail end of an underground rabbit hole.  The commands came more quickly and after several moments, a vanishing rod poked through the cloud, held by a wrinkled bony hand that was unmistakably Morten’s.  He waved it in the air and then retracted it back into the hole.
His muffled voice followed.  “Use the rod on the cloud.”
“Okay.  I’ll be right there,” she shouted and finished the climb down.
“Loki?”  This time it sounded like Silas’s voice, coming from the second hole.
“Silas.  I’m here,” she shouted.
“Be careful.  We don’t know who is left.”
“I will.”

~~~
Bit by bit, they chipped away at the cloud; Loki worked on it from the outside while Morten and Silas continued from the inside.  Loki wondered why this cloud was harder to abolish and, at one point, she reached out to touch it.  It stuck to her finger.  She tried to wipe it off on her pants but it stuck to them.  She peeled it off and wiped it on the ground but ended up with a pile of pebbles and dirt attached to it.  Its sticky property was strong, which is why they could only break through one chunk at a time.
The holes that Morten and Silas worked on started opening more rapidly and Loki heard more voices.
“Waysu?” Loki hollered.
“Yeah.”
“Are you all right?”
“I’m fine.  I just hunkered down and held tight until Silas found me.  I never thought about trying to vaporize this cloud,” explained Waysu.
“And, Kado?” asked Loki.
“He’s…he’s fine but we need to get him out.  He’s lost some blood.”
Loki changed position and began working her way toward Waysu’s voice, to give Kado a direct route out.  She began cutting a path and suddenly came across the lower half of someone’s leg.  It spooked her and she jumped back.  The person wasn’t moving.  She tapped the leg but still no movement.  Carefully she dissolved the fog around the person and uncovered a white tunic with a gold sash.  It was a man with a blood stain spread across his chest.  He was a member of the Guardians of Light.  She felt for a pulse but there was none.
Loki stood and pointed the gold crystal at him.  “Abeo.”
She stared at the spot where the body had just been and wondered about her brother, Tannis.  Could he be in the fog?  Or was he vaporized?  Did she have any family left?
Just then, the cloud before her thinned and there was movement on the other side.  Loki stepped back to avoid getting caught in the direct line of force from the crystal on the other side.  Within moments, Silas broke through the sticky mist.  Behind him was Kado, being helped by another Overseer.  Loki saw the blood on his shirt sleeve and an extra piece of cloth had been torn and used as a bandage but blood was leaking through.
Loki gasped and her hand covered her mouth.  Kado smiled at her as they walked past.
“It’s not as bad as it looks,” he said.
Next in line was Waysu.  She and Loki hugged briefly.  Then Waysu continued on her way, knowing there were others behind her.
A few more Overseers stepped through and then a small group of fairies buzzed past so fast, the line was blurred as Loki watched; their high pitched trills revealing their excitement.  Last, came Morten.
He studied Loki’s face and smiled.  “The crystal.  Is it all right?” he asked.
Loki nodded.  “Yes, it’s fine.”
Morten looked relieved.  “I saw the Lord of the Brethren right before the fog engulfed us.  He was with an old woman.  Did you encounter them anywhere?”
“They made it inside.  The woman turned out to be my sister, Elwyn.”
Morten looked surprised and then his head nodded, as if it suddenly made sense.
“Where are they now?” he asked.
Loki didn’t respond.  She opened her palm to show him the charred stump of the rod that held the gold crystal.
“Aahh.  I see.”  He placed his arm around Loki’s shoulder as they walked out of the cloud.  “It looks like you have a story to tell.”

SIXTY THREE

_______________


The mood was light inside the caves and fairies flitted around the tunnels as the festivities were about to start.  A celebration was planned and all Overseers had gone to the Grand Cave participate.
To show their gratitude for protecting them and their home, the fairies were preparing a flying dance and musical performance.  The Grand Cave had been rearranged with the tables toward the outer edges, to make room for the fairies’ performance in the center.  The cave was decorated with banners, woven from gold threads, colored ribbons and flowers.  The smell of fresh bread, stew, meats and sauces wafted through the halls as the banquet was prepared.
Morten had ordered the celebration.  It was time to relax and have some fun, since it would be awhile before the forces of darkness and light regained their strength.  He suggested that everyone take advantage of the lull.
Loki walked with Waysu to the dining area.  When they arrived, she stopped at the entrance and looked inside at all the people laughing and carrying on.  Others brushed past her on their way in.
Waysu turned to her.  “Are you all right?”
It took a moment before Loki nodded.  Then she looked at Waysu.  “I just need a few minutes.”
“Okay.  I’ll save you a seat.”
Loki spun in the opposite direction and started walking away.
Waysu called out to her.  “Loki.”  Loki met her eyes and she added, “It gets easier.”
Loki nodded her understanding and walked away.  She took the tunnel that led to the upper level and the pine grove on the north flank of the mountain.  She knew it was nighttime but fresh air would feel good.  She approached the opening and then took a couple more steps outside.  The quarter moon in the sky allowed more stars to be visible but it didn’t offer much light on the ground so she went no further.  She closed her eyes, breathed in the crisp evening air and let her mind go blank.
She heard the approaching footsteps but didn’t acknowledge him until he stood next to her and spoke.
“How are you doing?” asked Morten.
Loki glanced at him and was glad that it was too dark to see his piercing sapphire eyes.
“Fine.”
He put his arm around her shoulders, in a fatherly embrace.  “I’m proud of you, Loki.  It’s not every day that someone has to vaporize their sister.”
“It didn’t feel like I was vaporizing Elwyn.  It seemed like she was already gone and some other force had taken over.”
“That’s true.  The moment you vaporized Draevil, the dark force went for its next willing host.”
Loki remembered the darkness in Elwyn’s eyes and how her voice had changed.  “But I nearly blew it.  I almost missed the opportunity.”
“But you didn’t blow it.  It’s all in your perspective.  You can say that you nearly blew it or you can say that you stepped up and did what was necessary.  I’d prefer you have the latter viewpoint.  Otherwise, I might have to have the same conversation I had with your mother many, many years ago.”  He released her shoulder and looked down at the ground around his feet.  “In fact, I do believe it was in this very spot that we spoke.”
“About what?” she asked.
“She questioned her abilities as an Overseer.  First, she thought she made a mistake by not taking the journal from her brother.  I disagreed because she didn’t even know what it was at the time, so how could it be a mistake?  Then things got intense between the darkness and the light.  Gwynn and Silas became romantically involved.  The Guardians and the Brethren came for the crystal.  Overseers intervened.  Gwynn got in over her head and Silas nearly died defending her…yadda…yadda…yadda…and she blamed herself.”
“Wow.”
“I wanted her to see it from my viewpoint.  With or without the journal, the Guardians and the Brethren would still have pursued the crystal.  They lust after power and removing the journal would not have removed the knowledge that had already been passed along verbally over the generations.  Second, both Gwynn and Silas were exceptionally talented in their skills and neither of them died.  The fact that they fell in love was just icing on the cake, for them, of course, but it didn’t prevent them from being assets to the Overseers.”
“So, what happened then?”
“Well, the bottom line was that Gwynn got scared.  She feared that her feelings for Silas were going to get one of them killed.  She wanted to leave and somehow come to terms with those feelings.  I told her that she didn’t need to leave to do that but, of course, I cannot interfere with someone’s free will.  So, she left.  Time passed, she met your father and followed a different direction.  I kept an eye on her, hoping that some day she would return.  She shared one thing with me, though.”
“What was that?”
“She regretted letting fear guide her way.  She said that once she made that choice to leave because of fear, it only made things worse.  And along with that went her self confidence.”
Loki listened intently.  This story explained a lot about her mother.
Morten turned to face her and, through the darkness, Loki felt the energy from his gaze upon her.
“If I may be so bold as to glean the moral of her story and pass it along to you, Loki, I would say this.”  He placed his hand on her head.  “Relax and flow with things.  Don’t fight your experiences and don’t fight your feelings.  Just be yourself.  I’m happy to have you with us.”
Loki felt the warmth of his hand on her head.  She smiled.  “Thanks.”
“And now, we have a party to attend.”  Morten tucked his arm inside hers and they headed for the Grand Cave.  “Besides, I think a certain someone might want to dance with you.”
In the light of the tunnel, she glanced at those mischievous blue eyes and wondered if there was anything that Morten didn’t know.
Note to the reader
_____________________________

It is the author’s hope that you enjoyed this story.  If so, it would be greatly appreciated if you let the author know by returning to the site where you purchased or obtained this book and rate it and/or provide a review.

About the author
_____________________________

Mary Coffin lives in Colorado with her husband and their cat.  When not writing or being active outdoors (or rock hunting), she works with her husband creating jewelry for craft fairs and for their online jewelry shop: Rock2Gems.  Of course, quiet time and curling up with the cat, a good book and a cup of coffee is just as fun.


Connect with Mary Coffin at:
Facebook: www.facebook.com/AuthorMaryCoffin
Twitter: http://twitter.com/@MKCoffin
Email: mkcauthor@comcast.net
