The Orion Ghost a Jennifer Jefferies Mystery

Copyright  2012 Olivia Rogers
Smashwords Edition
The right of Olivia Rogers to be identified as the Author of this Work has been asserted by her in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, without the prior permission in writing of the author.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

The Orion Ghost  - a Jennifer Jefferies Mystery is a work of fiction.

All characters and events in this publication, are fictitious, and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. Any trademarks mentioned herein are not authorized by the trademark owners and do not in any way mean the work is sponsored by or associated with the trademark owners.

Illustration   Elly Sindall

Layout   Vic Rogers


<<<<<>>>>>



For Thomas Joseph Sindall


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 1
The twins were really enjoying themselves. The summer holiday had been pretty boring so far and watching their mother and big sister Jennifer do battle over the kitchen table was quite entertaining. Claire and Jack sat at the far end of a long wooden table with their chessboard in front of them grinning at each other. 
Jennifer stood on one side of the table, her red hair flying everywhere and her cheeks blazing. Their mother stood opposite, staring at Jennifer and holding a porcelain sugar bowl that had begun to look like a potential weapon. She had started to clear the table after lunch when the argument had begun, slowly at first but now, to the twins’ delight, they were witnessing a full-blown slanging match!
Claire moved a chess piece and whispered, “mate” to Jack. Her mother and sister glared at her.
“School finished two weeks ago,” snorted Jenny, “and what do we have to look forward to? Nothing! It’s stinking hot in London and I’M BORED!”
“Don’t be so selfish Jennifer. You know how important dad’s new job is. The London Olympics is no ordinary architectural event. He really cannot spare the time to go on holiday this year.”
“Oh that’s just great! So, when the English teacher sets the first essay of the term which is bound to be “My Summer Holiday”, because, as we all know, English teachers have no imagination and always set the same subject, I’m just going to say – I DIDN’T HAVE ONE!”
“Check,” said Jack and pulled a face at Claire.
“Oh do calm down, Jennifer. Lots of children don’t go away on holiday. We could take the train to Brighton next week and have a day at the beach. Some children never see the beach!”
“Next year more likely! You’re always too busy working on that stupid fashion magazine to spare us any time. And who wants to go by train! It’s so humiliating being the only girl at school whose parents don’t have a car!”
“Your dad explained all that when we moved to central London, Jennifer. A car is unnecessary in Islington and it’s environmentally unfriendly. We can get anywhere we want by tube, bus or taxi. Just think of all those petrol guzzling 4 x 4s that your friends’ parents drive. They go round the block to school or the shops and drive to a tube station! Are they all scared of a little exercise? Anyone would think they were living in Africa and travelling huge distances. Urban rhino hunters, that’s what they are! DON’T THEY CARE ABOUT THE PLANET?”
Jennifer glared at her mother from behind her piercing green eyes. She knew she had a point but didn’t fancy losing the argument. Her mother put the sugar bowl down on the table and wiped her brow. In truth they were both a little surprised at how passionate their argument had become. The tension in the room was palpable and the twins held their breath for the next round.
“What if we wanted to go on holiday?” asked Jenny quietly. She was a little subdued by her mother’s outburst about the planet.
“We could take the tube to Heathrow Airport.”
“And what if we wanted to go to Devon or Cornwall, like all my new school friends are doing?” Jenny had a peculiar glint in her eye, a sort of “I’ve got you now,” kind of glint. The twins had seen it and hung on to the table expecting the explosion that was to come.
“Then we would hire a car.”
“Oh I see,” began Jennifer in a whisper, “so, it’s ok to hire a 4x4, petrol guzzling, urban rhino hunter – JUST NOT TO BUY ONE!”
Jennifer turned on her heels, feeling the thrill of verbal victory. She marched up the stairs and slammed her bedroom door behind her.
“Check mate,” said the twins with a high five and a huge grin on their identical faces.
Their mother spun round and glared at them. “Well don’t just sit there playing chess, come and help with the dishes!”
The argument, three days ago, had certainly been the highlight of the twins’ day, but since then things has settled back into a more normal pattern: father working in the City of London, mother working in her upstairs office, sister sulking and the London summer getting hotter and hotter. But then something much more interesting happened.
On August the 5th after breakfast Jennifer was up in her room sulking because she felt the summer holidays were destined to be the worst ever with nothing exciting happening at all, when she heard a commotion coming from downstairs. She heard her mother shouting at the twins to be quiet and not run in the house. 
“But mum,” said Claire, “the postman has just given us a foreign letter.” 
“It could be from Aunty Izzy,” said Jack. “Please mum can we open it?” they cried in unison. 
The twins seemed at times to work as a double act, they often had the same ideas and knew just what the other was thinking. They were not identical twins, of course, one being a boy and the other a girl, but they were both very blond and had blue eyes and people often thought they were both boys as Claire had her hair cut very short. At nine years old she didn’t think it necessary to be all girlie like Jennifer whose hair was long and a rich red colour and whose green eyes flashed if her hair wasn’t just so! Claire hoped she would never care about her hair or what she looked like.
The twins were always very excited when a letter from Aunty Izzy arrived. She often wrote when she was away on her painting trips because she hated computers and vowed she would never send emails. She felt a letter was much more interesting with its exotic stamps and the smell of the envelope that had been through so many different countries and touched by so many hands before it reached its destination. The twins always imagined the journey Aunty Izzy’s letters took - on camel trains through deserts and strange cities, carried by donkeys or taken on small steam ships down rivers infested with crocodiles and finally reaching them in London after a flight lasting many hours. She had taught them to look at the stamps first to see which country a letter came from and she treated each stamp as if it were a work of art. “Look at that little jewel of a stamp with its kangaroo and bottlebrush plant,” she had said once when she received a letter from a friend in Australia. “It’s such a shame that we throw them away!”
Izzy, whose real name was Isabelle was their mother’s younger sister. She was an artist who travelled the world never staying very long in her rented accommodation. As she said, she only stayed put till the “inspiration and the paint both dried up.” Claire and Jack were not really sure what she meant, but they knew that her letters were often funny and always surprising and they couldn’t wait to see what this one contained. They knew it was from France because they had read the stamp.
When their mother opened the envelope they were a tad disappointed as nothing exciting fell out and it contained no photographs or foreign money. Just a letter. Their mother read it quickly and then returned it to the envelope. 
“What did she say?” the twins moaned in unison. 
“Nothing very exciting,” replied their mother. “She has just rented a house for the next four months and wanted to give me her address. I’m just popping out to the shop for some bread so you two pack up your swimming things and we’ll go to the pool after lunch.”  The twins had heard that it was bad to swim after a meal but they didn’t say anything just turned their heads to each other and rolled their eyes upwards. Something would probably stop them from going anyway. Their mother would suddenly realise that they should wait two hours after eating before swimming and then it would be too late in the day!
When their mother had gone out the twins looked at the letter. They felt sure that Aunty Izzy would not write anything so boring as just her address. They were both curious. They both adored their artistic Aunt and had always had great fun in her company. Sometimes she was a bit weird and seemed to live up to their mother’s nickname for her, which was Dizzy. She also seemed to be able to read minds, especially children’s minds, and even see into the future. They remembered once when she had stayed with them in London and they had both been desperate to go to see Buckingham Palace and Aunty Izzy had just said quite casually over breakfast, “I think we should all go to see if the Queen is at home today. Who fancies a trip to the Palace?“ When they asked her how she knew they wanted to go she said, “I can read your thoughts, petals!” They had had a marvellous day and laughed themselves silly to see their crazy Aunt imitating the guards as she marched back and forth in front of the palace gates holding a melting ice cream, instead of a gun, high above her head.
“Do you think we could read it?” whispered Claire, as if her mother might overhear.
“Mum didn’t say we couldn’t,” replied Jack. 
In a flash the two were poring over the letter. It was true that it was brief and contained their Aunt’s new address but it also contained something much more interesting, if only they could talk to their mother about it without revealing that they had opened the letter!
The twins thought Jenny might be able to think of a way out of their dilemma and decided to show her the letter. They went up to her bedroom where she was listening to her favourite music. They pushed open the door and were met with a scream of abuse, “Can’t you two read?” She meant the sign on her door that said “NO TWINS ALLOWED”. 
The twins peeped their heads around the door- frame and said, “We’ve read Aunty Izzy’s letter and want your help. They thrust the letter into Jenny’s hands and waited for her to read it.
Les Volets Bleus
La Grande Côte
Charente Maritime 17
France
August 1st 2011
Dear All,
Just a quick note. I’ve decided to paint large abstract seascapes so have rented a huge, rambling house on the Atlantic coast for four months. Why don’t you come out for a couple of weeks before the school hols are over? There is plenty of room, in fact this place is enormous and the kids would have great fun. It’s a quick walk to the beach and there’s a windmill somewhere but I haven’t managed to find it yet!  The grounds are very big and it’s lovely and quiet, except for the roar of the sea - heaven! It’s very easy to fly if you don’t want to drive. All the cheap airlines come into La Rochelle or Bordeaux. I’ve bought an old car to use while I’m here so I can pick you up. Hope you can make it. It would be great to see the children again.
Oodles of Love  
Dizzy! 
XXX
Jenny, Claire and Jack all moved at once their eyes going from the letter to each other and back. This was the solution to their non-existent summer holiday. The twins were jumping up and down gleefully on Jennifer’s bed. They knew she didn’t really mean it when she shouted at them and when it really mattered, like now, they were all the best of friends and stuck together through thick and thin. “Surely they were old enough to fly if their mum took them to the airport in London and their Aunt picked them up at the other end,” thought Jenny. She knew it would be up to her to bring up the conversation and secure their holiday in France. Jenny had doubts about how good a holiday it would be with an eccentric Aunt and two younger children for company, but it would certainly be better than staying at home for the next three weeks. She resolved to bring up the subject over lunch. 
Their mother had returned from her shopping with a French loaf and some pâté from the local delicatessen. It had been easy then to turn the conversation to France and the benefits of speaking the language she had been studying at school for the past year. She was grateful that Islington was so cosmopolitan. The area from the Angel Tube Station up to the Almeida Theatre could quite easily have been a tiny part of almost any European city. There were shops selling Greek olives and oil, Mediterranean coffee bars and every type of restaurant you could imagine from Spanish to Turkish. Their mother especially loved the Italian delicatessen and the French bread shop. 
Jenny preferred the shops selling second-hand and antique clothing. They always had shoes from the 1970s with huge stacked platform heels, which she thought must have been impossible to walk in. The twins liked to see the street theatre and especially loved the living sculpture. There was a man who was silver from head to toe and stood so still that they thought he was made of wax, until he winked at them.
Jennifer finally managed to bring up the subject of a possible trip to see Aunty Izzy in France. Her mother would not commit to a definite answer saying that she would talk to their father when he came home from work. When asked how they knew that Aunty Izzy was in France the three children all shouted at once, “The stamp was French!” They could tell that their mother was suspicious but they felt they had had a narrow escape. Their mother did not ask the obvious question, “How do you know Aunty Izzy wants you around?” Perhaps she had guessed that they had read the letter and, as Aunty Izzy had always made it clear to their mother that she liked the company of the children, she didn’t feel the need to question them further.


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 2
Jenny, Jack and Claire sat in row 2 seats A, B and C on the flight to La Rochelle, right near the front so the cabin crew could keep an eye on them. They had all been on planes before, of course, but never alone. Their mother would now be back in Islington having travelled by train to the airport, handed them over to the airline staff and made sure the plane was on time. The flight only took an hour and a half so the children didn’t have time to get bored. They had no sooner boarded the plane, had a drink and a snack than it was time to get off.
The airport at La Rochelle was tiny compared to London and as they walked down the steps of the plane the wind blew in gusts straight off the Atlantic Ocean. “Well,” thought Jenny, “not exactly perfect summer weather but at least I am on holiday.”  The airhostess who was looking after them took them off the plane before everyone else and whisked them through customs and passport control and into the special arrival area for “unaccompanied minors” where she waited with them until they saw their Aunt.  They had decided that they would need very few clothes as the weather in France in August is supposed to be hot and mum had packed a bag of hand luggage for each of them. The weather at the airport was far from hot and the wind brought in driving rain but they didn’t mind, they were all too excited after their flight. Suddenly they saw their Aunty waving at them from behind the barrier. The airhostess looked a little shocked when she saw her.
Aunty Izzy‘s wave was as exuberant as her personality. She was up on her tiptoes and waving a red scarf for all she was worth. She looked like a football hooligan as she jumped up and down when she saw them approach. “Well petals, you made it!” She had always called them funny names like petal and flower, which they liked but were slightly embarrassed by, especially Jenny who thought it was rather unsophisticated. But even Jenny was pleased to greet her colourful Aunt. Isabelle was dressed in stripes, in all colours of the rainbow. She had a striped hat, a striped skirt and a striped bag. A huge bag, big enough to carry a picnic lunch and a bedroll, in case she found herself without a place to sleep in some exotic country, Jenny imagined.
Aunty Izzy hurried them out across the car park and pointed to the old banger she had bought for her four-month stay. It was gruesomely green. One of those cars that Jenny had heard about in class, deux chevaux, she thought. Did that mean two hairs or two horses, she wasn’t sure! They all bundled in and with a plume of smoke and a cackle of engines they were away. Aunt Izzy was a dreadful driver. She didn’t seem to worry about road rules or even notice when she had broken them. She made her way around the outskirts of La Rochelle and on to the country roads that would take them to her house. It took an hour and by the time they arrived all three were nervous wrecks, except Aunty Izzy who was as cool as a vanilla ice cream!  “Here we are, I’ll just open the gates,” she said, not noticing how quiet the children were and that they had all turned various shades of grey.
The children were all very glad to have arrived safely at Les Volets Bleus. Even the rain had stopped and the sun was starting to come out in honour of their arrival. The name of the house was painted on a rickety old sign that was attached to the huge iron gates that were at the entrance to the property. Aunty Izzy hopped out of the car, turned a large rusty key and the gates swung open. She got back into the driver’s seat and told them that the name meant blue shutters the reason for this would become obvious as they neared the house. She drove forward and then hopped out to close the gates. She then drove far too fast down the long driveway. Suddenly, the house came into view and Aunty Izzy slammed on the car brakes, careered across a courtyard and finally came to a halt in front of a huge old oak door; the entrance to the house.
The children, still shaking slightly, stood in the courtyard and surveyed their holiday home. It was very dilapidated now but had obviously been enormous and very grand in the past judging by the elaborate stonework over the entrance door where it was just possible to make out the date 1720. Izzy had gone inside to pour them all a cool drink telling them to look around, so the three children took the opportunity to explore the courtyard. There was an old stone well in the centre. It still had the winding mechanism and an old wooden bucket but the well itself had been blocked with a strong metal lid. There were buildings on three sides of the courtyard some in ruins others in a better state of repair. Some of the buildings had been stables and still had their doors opening into the small cubicles where the horses had slept. In one of these, a rusty old bridle hung on the wall and a crumbling stone water trough stood in a corner. An ancient sign was nailed to the wall over the water trough. It was metal but the letters had nearly rusted away. When Jenny looked in she could just make out the letters P.a.l.m. She assumed it had been the name of a particular horse long ago. On the side opposite the stables were the remains of a very old chapel. It still had a bell tower but some of the walls were missing and a quite large tree was growing through another part of the roof. There were other tiny buildings possibly for pigs or other animals attached to the main house which, even in its current state, stood majestically in the centre of all the other buildings. The house was three stories high and had the remains of towers at each corner of the building making it even higher. In the upper stories the blue shutters were closed; they were all open on the ground floor. The whole domain looked very ancient and mysterious. Jennifer wondered what stories they would hear if only old stones could talk.
The twins had run off to explore the tiny, ancient church and Jennifer could hear them chattering excitedly somewhere beneath the bell tower. Just then a gust of wind moved the bell and it tolled a long and mournful sound. Jenny jumped and she heard the twins squeal and then start to giggle. She gazed around the courtyard wondering if the bell could be tied up to stop it ringing in the wind, but her eyes were drawn back to the stables. She though she caught a movement out of the corner of her eye. Surely she must have imagined it. But suddenly one of the stable doors opened, the one with the old rusty sign, and a girl of about the same age as her appeared leading a horse already saddled up for a ride. She was slim and had her reddish hair pulled up in a ponytail. She was in full riding habit, but it looked strangely unfamiliar. The green riding jacket was fitted at the waist and then flared over the hips. But strangest of all, the girl wore a long skirt in amber velvet that came down past her knees to meet her brown riding boots. She looked very elegant but very old fashioned and Jennifer, who was pleased she would have a friend of her own age this holiday, wondered how on earth she could ride a horse wearing such clothing. All her friends who rode horses wore jeans and a protective riding helmet but this girl went bareheaded. Jennifer was about to call out to her when she began to fade. That was the only way Jennifer could describe it. She literally began to disappear before Jennifer’s eyes, the horse too slowly faded, and suddenly the courtyard was empty again and the stable door swung on its hinges. Jenny rubbed her eyes but the stables were empty.
“Cold drinks all round,” shouted Aunty Izzy, sticking her head out of a small window directly in front of where Jennifer was standing gazing at the creaking stable door. The twins came running back into the courtyard as if chased by a ghost. 
“Did you hear the church bell, Jenny.” They asked as they approached their sister. 
“Yes,” Jennifer replied, “It was a bit spooky wasn’t it?”
As they came in Aunty Izzy handed them each a large glass of orangeade and then said she was going to her studio to paint. “Make yourselves at home, flowers, dinner’s at 7pm. You can have any room you like. Mine’s next to the studio here on the ground floor. There are loads of rooms upstairs. I haven’t explored them all myself yet.” 
While Claire and Jack ran off to explore the house from the inside, Jenny followed her Aunt who was already mixing paints. “Do you think this house could be haunted, Aunt Izzy?”
“Well it is very old so I suppose it’s possible. Why do you ask? Have you seen a ghost already,” she laughed.
“No,” Jenny replied quickly, “I just heard something in the courtyard.”
“Probably the birds nesting in the church tower or it could have been the old bell. It often rings when it’s windy. I rather like the sound don’t you?” Clearly her Aunt didn’t expect a reply but Jennifer said, “Yes. That was probably it.”  With that she went to find Claire and Jack. She decided not to tell the twins what she had seen, partly because she didn’t want to frighten them and partly because she wanted to find out more about the girl. She didn’t really believe in ghosts and decided that the girl was real and that a weird trick of light must have been responsible for her disappearance. 
The ground floor consisted of one huge room that Aunt Izzy used for a studio because the light was superb. It had very large French windows all along one side; in fact the whole wall was virtually glass and the light flooded in for most of the day. These large glass doors opened out onto the back of the house and looked out over an extensive orchard. This was the opposite side of the house from the courtyard with the well. This wall of French windows faced south so the room was always light and warm. The windows on the opposite side of the great hall looked out onto the courtyard and were much smaller. There were two of these smaller windows on each side of the massive oak entrance door. At one end of the large room, probably the end that attached to the church, there was a stone fireplace so big that even an adult could stand up in it. At the other end of this room was a small kitchen area with a large table, which made it a dining room. Next door was a very small room, all dishevelled, which was Aunt Izzy’s bedroom and next to that a small bathroom. The rest of the ground floor had various blocked in doorways in odd places, which at some time in the past, probably led to some of the buildings they had seen outside in the courtyard. Beyond the house the grounds stretched away as far as they could see but the children had decided to leave the gardens until tomorrow. With her overnight bag on her shoulders Jennifer made her way upstairs to find the twins and look for a suitable bedroom of her own.
The twins had climbed the first flight of rickety stairs and discovered three rooms; all ancient. They all had huge roof beams that would have knocked their father’s head off. They, being shorter, were able to walk under the beams. The rooms were all the same size and led into each other. There were no corridors like they had at home, just three rooms all connected. The twins decided on the two next to each other; both had small wash basins and comfortable looking beds. They put their bags down and began to unpack and put their few clothes in the huge wardrobes that the French call armoires. Jack placed the small torch he liked to carry on the window ledge near his bed. They managed to open the small bedroom windows and pinned the shutters back against the outside walls with the little metal stoppers in the shape of ladies’ heads, provided for that purpose. The view from these bedrooms was over the large garden and orchard that was close to the house; further on the view seemed to stretch to the horizon. 
The twins busied themselves in their rooms as Jennifer went up to the next level. She could have chosen the room adjoining Claire and Jack but decided, as she was the oldest, to go higher and find a separate room of her own. The next floor was like a huge attic space and looked as if it had not been used for years. As her eyes adjusted to the gloom, she could just make out some furniture; a desk, an armoire and a huge chest of drawers that had been stored there for years by the look of the dust and cobwebs. This upper space was truly enormous, the size of the whole building. It would make a marvellous roller skating space if it hadn’t been so full of old junk! The huge roof beams, which looked hundreds of years old, were full of dust. She could see no sign of any beds up here and there was virtually no light just a few shafts coming through the roof tiles. Cautiously, she made her way to the windows and pushed the shutters back. This attic had obviously been used for storage for years and years. When she opened the shutters the light streamed in and she could see quite clearly how much stuff there was. The space was full of old boxes, paintings and even a piano in one corner. Just as she thought she would be forced to have the room next to the twins, she noticed at the very end of this vast chamber, a small door.
Jenny walked forward with trepidation. She was quite a brave girl and loved reading stories that had mysteries to solve, but when it was happening in real life she wasn’t quite sure about how brave she really was, especially after the mysterious girl and her horse. Jenny breathed in deeply, closed her eyes and repeated the school motto, “Forward with Courage!”  She opened her eyes feeling much braver and looked at the tiny door ahead of her in the gloom. The door seemed very small and she remembered the way Alice, the heroine of “Through the Looking Glass” had had to drink a magic potion in order to shrink to the size of her small door. As Jenny approached she realised that the door was of normal size, it just looked small because it was so far away and the attic was so large. The door creaked as she pushed it open. She took a deep breath, closed her eyes and repeated the school motto then opened them and peered in. A narrow stone staircase wound up to another door. It was very dark but she decided once she opened the door at the top of the stairs, she would be able to see well enough. She climbed up five tiny steps and stood in front of the door. She took a deep breath and held it as she turned an old doorknob that had been carved in the shape of horse’s head and painted gold and white. The colours were very faded but still just visible. The door swung open without even creaking. It was as if someone on the other side had opened it for her at exactly the same moment that she had reached for the horse’s head. But there was no one there when she stepped inside. She exhaled slowly. 
The room took her breath away. In the dim light she could just make out a tiny but beautifully furnished room, fit for a princess or at least someone very rich. The small bed was covered with red velvet cloth. The light was a tiny chandelier that hung in the centre of the room. There was a gold painted wooden chair and a tiny ornate table with a mirror of gold hanging over it. The floor was covered in a richly patterned carpet and there was a tapestry on the wall. Best of all this tiny room had a large window. As Jenny went towards it and pushed the shutters open she was surprised to see that her window was, in fact, a door. The door pushed open onto a tiny balcony and as the light flooded in she realised that the tiny room must have been truly magnificent in the past, but now looked quite forlorn. The red velvet cover on the bed was nearly threadbare, the carpet looked very fragile and the chandelier had been converted to take electricity, “Less romantic,” she thought, “but more practical and it won’t take much to bring this perfect little bedroom to life again.” She stepped onto the tiny balcony that reminded her of the Shakespeare play they had read at school last term. From now on she would call this the “Romeo and Juliet” room and it was all hers. She could hardly believe her luck. She stepped out onto the tiny balcony and looked out across the landscape. To her great surprise she could see the ocean in the distance and a huge lighthouse that seemed to be on the beach in line with the house. “This room must be on the opposite side of the house to the twins’ rooms,” she thought. She didn’t usually like to share things with the twins, but this was too good to be true and she raced down the little stone staircase, across the large attic room, and then called down the stairwell to them in excitement. “Hey you two, come and see what I’ve found.” 
The three children stared out at the sea and the lighthouse and realised that they would be able to go swimming as soon as the weather cheered up. Claire was especially jealous of Jenny’s room but Jack couldn’t see what all the fuss was about. The best thing as far as he was concerned was the adventures they would have by the sea and that very exciting looking lighthouse in the distance. He was already imagining smugglers, shipwrecks and how he would save the good guys by lighting the beam at night as the sea raged below.
“Well,” said Jennifer, “perhaps this won’t be such a bad holiday after all.” 
“Of course it won’t,” said the twins grinning at their elder sister.
“Food ahoy!” came a faint yell from downstairs and the three adventurers raced down the stairs to be greeted by a huge supper. The food was all laid out higgledy-piggledy and it was clearly ok to dig in. They began with a delicious homemade tomato soup and lots of crusty bread. Next came the cold meats and cheese and to finish they had a huge tarte normande, a special French apple pie, with thick cream. They used the same knives and forks for the main course and the desert, and the bread simply placed on the table, not on plates! As they all tucked in Jenny said how good it was not to have so many knives and forks to wash and what a good idea it was not to have plates for the bread. She was thinking about a dinner party her mother and father had given recently where the table had so many knives and forks she had to ask her mother what they were all for. She thought her mother would have been horrified at the state of the table at the end of this their first meal in France. There were crumbs everywhere and the dishes were all still on the table. Her mother liked to clear as she went so that at the end of her dinner parties the dishwasher was all loaded and only the coffee cups were left to wash. Jenny thought her job as a journalist must have made her very well organised.
As they finished off the tarte normande Jenny decided to ask her Aunt if she knew anything about the original owners of the house. “Have you any idea how old the house is? “
“It must be nearly three hundred years, or even more,” replied Isabelle. “The date over the door is 1720 and there may well have been a house here before that date.”
“Did you know that there is a perfect little room in the tower? It looks as if the original owner has just stepped out for a while and will come back any minute.”
“I haven’t really been that far up, but I’m glad you like it Jennifer. What about you two; have you found somewhere to sleep?”
“Yes,” replied the twins together. “But not as nice as Jenny’s,” said Claire sounding a bit annoyed. She glanced at her Aunt whose faraway look told her that the comment was lost. 
Later, as the twins were going up to their rooms for the night, they noticed that Aunty Izzy had begun a huge painting which stood on an easel at the other end of the room. It was only roughly blocked in but they could see the beginnings of a windmill in a large landscape. “Where is the windmill?” they asked. “I don’t know,” replied their Aunt, “I think it is in the grounds somewhere, but there is so much land I haven’t come across it yet. I don’t know why, but I just feel that I must paint it. Perhaps we will find it, if I paint it!” she laughed. 
That night the twins and Jenny slept like logs, if logs sleep! That morning they had been in Islington breathing in the polluted air of a hot London summer with nothing much to do; now they looked out of their tiny windows onto a vast evening sky. The sea was really close and the Atlantic wind was blowing the rain away in preparation for a hot, sunny day tomorrow. The twins could hardly wait and were asleep in five minutes. Jennifer opened her door and stood on her Romeo and Juliet balcony dreaming of what the next two weeks would bring. She could just see the light from the studio, way below as it shone out onto the ground at the back of the house. “Aunty Izzy must still be painting even though it is dark now”, she thought. Jenny looked up to the sky and was astonished. In London you hardly noticed the stars at all because the streetlights were so bright, but here the stars sparkled out of the sky and seemed so close. She could make out the constellation of Orion that Jenny thought looked like a giant arrow pointing the way somewhere deep into the indigo sky, and she could see the plough. She knew the name of this one because on a holiday in Cornwall, where the sky was almost as big as this, her father had taken her out one night to see a partial eclipse of the moon and, as they waited for the miraculous event drinking mugs of hot chocolate, he named the stars for her. 
Suddenly a huge light filled the sky. Jenny gasped and held her breath for a moment. “What kind of planet or star was that? Perhaps it was a comet!” Then it disappeared. Then it came again. She counted the intervals and then realised that it had a regular beat, flashing and circling its light out towards the ocean. “The lighthouse, of course!”  Jenny said aloud. She stood on her balcony for a few more minutes and watched the slow steady light pulsing round and around, then went inside. She closed the door but left the shutters open so she could see the lights in the sky and the manmade light nearby. She felt she should have been scared of all the black space and the strange lights but oddly enough she felt as though the lighthouse and Orion were protecting them.


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 3
Next morning at breakfast their Aunt suggested they take a picnic and go out exploring. “You can take anything you like from the fridge or food cupboards. Make sure you are back by 6pm though.” With that she took her coffee and toast to the other end of the room and began to prepare for the day’s painting. “Oh, best not to stray too far on your first day, pixies.” With that she started tearing up rags and setting out turpentine and rows of oil paints. Clearly when her mind was on painting nothing else would interfere. Jenny noticed that the windmill in the painting had taken a definite shape now. Aunty Izzy certainly seemed to be determined to finish this painting quickly.
Jenny told the twins to look for a basket to carry their picnic and then sent them upstairs to get into their swimmers and shorts. When she looked in the fridge she found plenty of food. There were remains of ham and cheese, some hard-boiled eggs, tomatoes, soft bread rolls, some plums and bottles of Orangeade. They weren’t allowed fizzy drinks at home but who would know if they took them for their picnic? Jenny felt very grown up as she prepared the food and told the others what to do.
As they were leaving Aunt Izzy yelled at them,  “Don’t forget the sunblock. It gets very hot here and if the sun doesn’t get you, the wind will! You’ll find it near the back door on the top shelf. Have fun.”
There was no sign to the beach but Jenny decided they should start by walking around the house to the side her bedroom was on and then follow their noses. They thought it was odd that they couldn’t see the lighthouse which had looked very big from the upstairs bedroom. They walked enthusiastically, the twins skipping on ahead of Jenny who was carrying the heavy picnic basket. “Hey you two, don’t get too far ahead, I don’t want to lose sight of you.” Claire and Jack immediately had a backwards game of chase and ended up behind their big sister. They circled around her a couple of times and then shot off ahead following the sandy track through the pine forest. All of a sudden they stopped short and raced back to Jen. They looked as though they had seen an ogre and a very scary one at that!
“WHAT IS THAT?” they both shrieked. 
“Listen,” said Claire, “it sounds like thunder, but the sun is out and the sky is clear blue.” Jenny put the basket down and stopped to listen. It really did sound like thunder but then she realised what it was. 
“It’s the sea,” she shouted against the roar. “Aunty Izzy said the waves here are huge and make lots of noise when the wind is blowing.” 
“Wow!” said the twins together, “Let’s go!” And off they ran over the sandy hill in front of them right to the top where they stopped in amazement and waved back to Jenny. 
“It’s huge”, they cried against the wind, their voices carrying above Jenny’s head and away inland back toward the house. 
As they all struggled up the final huge sand dune they looked to their right side, and there, standing majestically, looking out to sea was the lighthouse. “No wonder we couldn’t see it,” said Jenny, “we were too close. It must have been hidden from view by all the pine trees.” They ran down the sand dune as fast as they could their feet slipping and sliding in the hot sand until they reached the wet strip that ran along the sea edge. From here they turned and looked back at the lighthouse. 
“Cool!” gasped Jack as he imagined lighting the lamp that would save untold sailors from the perils of the sea. 
“Gosh!” whispered Claire, who was actually a little bit scared of heights, but didn’t want to admit that in front of her brother. 
Jenny just stood gazing up at the old lighthouse. She had seen lighthouses before but only very modern looking ones that didn’t have a keeper and were lit by some modern technology or other, probably a switch from a control centre miles away. Now she was close to it, she realised this one was very definitely ancient. It was perched right up on the sand and was white nearly all the way up with a red top part and very elaborate green metal railings at the very top where the huge mirrors would be. Jenny wondered if the lighthouse keeper arrived by helicopter each night because there didn’t seem to be a road that would be good enough for cars, just a sandy track leading away over the dunes. It was then that she realised that there were other buildings at the base of the lighthouse. “A keeper’s cottage, of course,” she thought. She wondered if they would be able to go inside but felt that they had better not pester the keeper. He was probably asleep anyway in the daytime and only woke at night to light the huge lamp. She thought he probably had his work cut out to keep that light going all night and imagined a bent old man who was so used to walking round and round the lighthouse steps that he couldn’t walk straight when he was on flat ground. She chuckled to herself at the thought.
The three children found a perfect patch of warm sand down near the water’s edge and spread out their towels. They could look out to sea and watch the waves, build sandcastles and look back at the lighthouse standing guard over this part of the beach. Jenny was surprised that there were no lifeguards or flags on this beach to warn people of any dangerous rocks or currents. They decided to paddle near the edge of the sea and not risk going in out of their depth, especially as the only other people on the beach were fishing and were right at the other end of the sands as far away as they could be. The sea looked quite rough as the wind blew in but they thoroughly enjoyed themselves playing chase and collecting shells. 
Soon Jenny decided it must be lunchtime as they were all famished. They decided to set out their picnic right on the sand, something their father would never have allowed. He hated getting sand in his food but the children though it all added to the fun of the seaside. They decided to make giant sandwiches filled with ham and whole tomatoes that would squelch when they bit into them. Jack was the first to take a bite of his and he squealed as tomato pips shot out all over his knees. Just as Jenny and Claire were about to bite into theirs they became conscious of being watched. 
They turned simultaneously to see a tanned girl standing a few feet away from them. She was dressed in knee length shorts and a striped tee shirt. Her black hair was flying all over the place in the wind even though she had attempted to tie it back with a piece of string. She was probably about Jenny’s age and her bright blue eyes shone at the three strangers making her look very friendly. She beamed a huge smile. “Bonjour,” she said. “Je m’appelle Aliénor. Ça va?” Jenny gulped. Now she would really have to speak French. She had said so to her mother and father but, secretly, she hoped she would not have to. The twins had not learnt any French at school yet so it was up to her. 
“Um, je m’appelle Jennifer,” she said. Je m’appelle had been the first thing they had done in French class. “Ils s’appellent Claire et Jack,” she managed pointing to her sister and brother. “Ils sont twins,” she stumbled on not knowing the French for twins, “parle-tu anglais?”
Aliénor laughed.”Un peu, mais pas bien!” she replied. “I av studied pour wan year only.” Jennifer wondered if her attempts at French had a strong English accent like Aliénor’s sounded French. 
“Moi aussi, for one year seulement!”
The two older girls laughed and knew that they would be the best of friends. They soon knew all about each other. With a combination of schoolgirl French and English and hand signals Jenny learned that Aliénor and her older brother Thierry lived in Paris but were staying at the lighthouse with their Uncle Bernard who was the replacement lighthouse keeper for the summer while the old man who usually did the job had a holiday. Uncle Bernard was a policeman in Paris normally, but he really wanted to live by the sea and sail a yacht. They lived in the house at the base of the lighthouse but could go up to the light whenever they liked, as long as they didn’t touch anything. Aliénor said that Thierry and Uncle Bernard were painting an old boat in the keeper’s cottage garden and pointed to the lighthouse. 
“You want to see?” she grinned. 
”Oui,” replied Jenny. Then she suddenly realised that the twins were nowhere to be seen. 
“Claire! Jack!” she called and a faint reply came from behind a rock down by the water’s edge. Suddenly two tousled blond heads popped up giggling at the two older girls. “You two come back here and finish your picnic and don’t move. I’m going with Aliénor to see her uncle’s boat. The twins groaned and said they wanted to come too, but Jenny said when she had been introduced she would take them up to the lighthouse. 
“You promise?” they said in unison. 
“Yes,” Jenny laughed, “I promise.” The twins began to peel hardboiled eggs and tuck into orangeade as Jenny and Aliénor walked the few metres up the sand to the lighthouse.
As she went through the tiny gate into the garden, Jenny looked back and saw that the twins were eating and making a sandcastle all at the same time. The fence around the keeper’s cottage looked as if it struggled to keep out the sand and the garden itself was really just an extension of the beach. There were some wiry looking sea plants that hung onto the sand but this was not a garden in the English sense of the word. There were no trees or flowers and definitely no lawn! The grass that did grow was coarse and sharp and a bluish colour and grew in rough clumps. There were huge pieces of driftwood all over the garden, which Jenny thought looked like sculpture. To one side of the cottage two men were bent over a small boat, one was scraping the wood and the other hammering nails into the side. These were Uncle Bernard and Thierry. 
When Jenny got closer she realised that Thierry was only a boy but when he stood up he was much taller than his sister. Thierry, she soon found out was nearly fourteen. Like his sister he was very tanned and thin with long brown hair that he had tied back in a ponytail. He had one looped earring and a sharks-tooth necklace. Jennifer thought he looked very romantic like a pirate of the Caribbean! 
“Hello. How are you?” he said when Aliénor introduced her. His English was excellent. She suddenly imagined standing on her balcony and looking down to see Thierry. But Aliénor’s voice soon brought her back to reality! 
“And this ees Uncle Bernard,”said Aliénor. Jenny shook hands with their very large uncle. He was well over six feet tall and very big too. He didn’t usually have a beard but had not bothered to shave all summer so he looked just like a sea captain. Both Bernard and Thierry were dressed for work and had the bright blue overalls held up with braces. 
“You are welcome,” said Uncle Bernard. “Come anytime you like.”
Aliénor took Jennifer inside the keeper’s cottage. There was a huge table and four chairs, a large wood- burning stove for heating the room and cooking on and a set of bunk beds in the corner. In the middle of the room was the hull of a boat. Aliénor said that the lighthouse keeper was building a boat right there in the house! Jenny also noticed that the floor was covered in sand, which blew in every time the door was opened. There was a tiny bathroom with a sink, toilet, bidet and a basic shower with a curtain made of sail canvas and held up with rope. At the back of the house was a tiny room that Aliénor used as a bedroom. This room was also very basic with none of the pretty decoration of her own little attic room. There were small pieces of driftwood here and there and some shells which served as decoration.
What Jenny really wanted to do was go up into the lighthouse but she would have to wait as it was now 5.30, and she had promised to get home by 6pm. The two girls went outside again and were greeted by lots of giggling. The twins had packed up the picnic things and had followed Jenny to the lighthouse. They were now both sitting inside the little boat pretending to sail the ocean and shouting things like “Ship ahoy!” and, “heave ho me hearties!” Uncle Bernard and Thierry were clearly enjoying the joke and joined in with their game. And a little white poodle was jumping and yapping to its heart’s content. When they saw Jenny the twins tumbled out of the boat and begged to go up the lighthouse. 
“Tomorrow,” said Jenny, “we have to get back now. You know Aunty Izzy said 6pm.”” 
“See you tomorrow,” they said as they waved goodbye. 
“A demain,” came the threefold reply. 
“Woof,” said Blanca and her tail wagged for all it was worth. She loved being by the seaside with Bernard and the children and now she had three more playmates.
Jenny picked up the picnic basket and turned to wave goodbye. As she did she heard the sound of a horse galloping away. She stood transfixed as she caught sight of a beautiful palomino disappearing over the sand dunes. She couldn’t see who was riding him but just caught a red glint of a ponytail flying behind the rider’s head before they both faded away.
“Jenny, Jenny,” shouted the twins. ”What are you staring at?”
“Didn’t you see anything in the pine forest behind the lighthouse?”
“Only the trees,” they shouted. “Come on, we’ll be late!”


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 4
That evening their Aunt said it was too hot to eat inside, so she took a large tablecloth and set it outside in the orchard. They sat on the ground under the apple trees and ate a huge slice of quiche lorraine and a dollop of potato salad and coleslaw each. Their Aunty drank red wine and gave the children a little sip, but they thought it was revolting and so had bottled water instead. They stayed outside eating peaches until the moon came up. Once again the stars came out and Aunty Izzy told Jenny that the constellation that looks like a big arrow is called Orion and that the arrow is only part of it. Jenny felt it was pointing the way to something and must have been very important to ancient sailors who probably used it to guide their boats home.
“Very many cultures have found Orion important, Jenny. The ancient Egyptians are said to have used the stars as a sort of map and built their pyramids in the same pattern. You can see those three stars in a line up there,” she said pointing to Orion’s belt, “as the three main pyramids at Gizeh just outside Cairo.”
“I would love to see the pyramids one day, Aunt Izzy,” answered Jenny.
“Come on you two,” called Aunt Izzy to the twins who had been racing about the orchard not noticing the stars.
 At 10pm they went inside. The windmill painting was now fully blocked in and had begun to dominate the room. The painting was very large and showed the lighthouse in an alignment with the windmill. The buildings began to look quite small compared to the expanse of sea and sand but it was still obviously Uncle Bernard’s lighthouse.  The children told Izzy all about their escapades and about their neighbours Thierry, Aliénor, Bernard and Blanca the dog. Aunty Izzy said they could invite the French children and Uncle Bernard over any time they wished, if fact why didn’t they invite them over for a meal some evening next week. “I’ll let you make the arrangement, cherubs, but do give your old Aunt a bit of notice so I can pop to the shops. They’re not just around the corner here, you know!”
Aunty Izzy had made them each a mug of hot chocolate with real grated chocolate on top to take up to bed with them. As they kissed her goodnight she said,” my goodness, you all look as if you caught the sun today. Even you look more freckly than usual, Jenny my pet. Now, off to bed and don’t forget to clean those teeth. If we’re lucky there could be a storm tonight. There usually is after such a hot day. We get real whoppers here, so make sure you get up to watch if it hits! Oh, and here, you had better take some candles. The electricity usually cuts out in a storm. See you in the morning my three jolly tars!” Aunty Izzy handed Jennifer some candles and matches and went back to her studio to survey her day’s work at the canvas. Could she really mean that the children could light candles? At home in London candles were strictly forbidden to children! Jennifer was beginning to feel very grown up indeed.
The thought of a storm was very exciting but they didn’t want anything to stop them going to the lighthouse the next day. The twins were sitting drinking their chocolate in Claire’s room when they heard a roar. 
“That sounds like the sea,” said Jack. 
“I think it was the wind,” replied Claire. 
At first it didn’t seem like much, but after a few minutes the wind seemed to be prowling around the house like a wolf that was determined to get in and eat up children under ten years old. 
“LET’S GO TO JEN’S ROOM!“ they screamed in unison. 
Jack picked up his torch and led the way to the floor above. The storm was quite spectacular, illuminating the whole attic space with lightning. It looked very eerie indeed as the old abandoned furniture began to take on the shapes of ghostly spectres and the rumbles of thunder shook the old wooden shutters making the children jump with fright! The twins ran across the large space aiming for the tiny door at the end and safety.
Jenny lay on her bed looking up at the tapestry on the wall. It looked like a medieval painting with a charming maiden sitting in a walled garden that was full of flowers. A wonderful pure white unicorn had its head in her lap. Beyond the walled garden there was a scene of the local countryside. It was odd because the scene with the maiden was obviously in the daytime but the scene outside was at night because the stars were visible yet it was still possible to see the scene quite clearly. There was a flat landscape that could have been pastureland or sea; the colours had faded so it was difficult to tell. At the centre of the landscape was a large house or Château that had decorative turret-like roofing with blue tiles. In alignment with the Château was another building too faint to decipher and beyond that, lined up with the other two, was a mill. This was obvious as it had sails and the minute embroidered peasants seemed to be carrying bags of flour to the Château. In other parts of the tapestry were hunters with dogs and knights in shining armour rescuing distressed damsels. There were fields of corn, little fenced paddocks full of furry animals probably sheep, and rolling across the hill, field upon field of vines.  As Jenny gazed at the scene she felt that she knew the place. “Ridiculous,” she thought, “this scene was obviously hundreds of years old!” She had begun to drift off to sleep thinking how nice it would be to own a unicorn, but was woken with a start. There was a frantic banging on her door and the twins burst in and almost fell on her bed. 
“Jen, have you heard? There’s a hurricane blowing outside,” they both yelled as they shook her awake.
Jennifer remember what it was like to be nine, old enough to feel grown up but still needing comfort when you were scared. And an electrical storm that showed just how powerful nature could be, was a time when it was good to be in the company of a much older person.
Jenny opened her shutters so they could watch the storm together. The electricity was still on so her little chandelier provided enough light to see her room, but it had started flickering. Each time there was a flash of lightning the chandelier momentarily went out, then came back on as the thunder rolled overhead. They decided to switch off the light that would soon cut out anyway. The sky was very bright as the storm got closer and closer so they didn’t need it anyway. Each flash of sheet lightning lit up the room and the sea in the distance for a few seconds and then they were plunged into velvety blackness until the next flash. Sheet lightning alternated with the forked variety, thunder clattered about the house and the shutters and windows rattled. The church bell had started to ring but it was muffled by the howling of the wind and sounded as if it came from miles and miles away. It created a hollow tolling sound like the children had heard sometimes when there had been a funeral at their local church. During one of the moments when the sky was pitch black, before the next flash of lightening, the children realised that they could see the light from the lighthouse as it threw its beam in a regular pulse, out across the sea every minute, like a clock counting the seconds until the next erratic flash of light from the heavens. After half an hour or so, the thunder and lightning moved away and all that was left was the howling wind and the rain. The twins were obviously tired so Jenny decided to light a candle and take them back to their own beds. She tucked them both in, said, “Goodnight, sleep tight and don’t let the bed bugs bite! See you in the morning”
When she got back to her own room Jenny placed the candle beside the bed and stared up at the tapestry. She felt sure she could just make out a little boat shape. So it was the sea after all. But there was still something odd about the whole scene and she was far too tired to figure it out tonight. She blew out the candle and stared into the dark space outside the balcony. The lighthouse beam had a hypnotic effect on her and eventually she fell asleep counting sheep, the sheep in the tapestry, woolly and strange looking.


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 5
The next morning it was still raining. The garden looked as if an enormous monster had wandered through, breaking off leaves and branches in its wake. There were pieces of broken wood and twigs strewn everywhere. The electricity was still off and so they all had to have a cold breakfast, but nobody minded that. They made the best of leftover quiche and peaches and washed it down with lemonade. The rain shook the building and Aunty Izzy said they would have to amuse themselves in the house today as the rain might take a few hours to blow over and she wanted to carry on with the painting. She had obviously worked through the storm last night, using old oil lamps, as the lighthouse was now almost finished. The mill still looked like a sketch, but the sea was roughed in.
Jenny took charge and decided to organise some games to while away the hours before they could go to the lighthouse again. They played hide and seek for ages but got bored eventually and decided to search the armoires and furniture for anything interesting. They had no idea what they were looking for but felt perhaps they might find some dressing up clothes or some old toys. 
“Let’s begin with the attic,” suggested the twins. 
They knew there was nothing interesting in the two rooms they had chosen because they had looked in every nook and cranny, but they hadn’t explored the next floor. They didn’t quite know where to begin as the attic was stuffed with old furniture.
“Let’s open the wardrobe door,” cried Jack. 
There was a large brass key in the door, which Jenny turned. The door swung open. Inside the armoire on the back of one of the doors was an old mirror all cracked and milky looking with age. “It certainly wouldn’t be very good for putting on make-up,” thought Jenny who had just started to experiment with some eye shadow and lipstick.  Jack and Claire began to open all the drawers in the armoire but found nothing.
“What if there’s another world in here behind the coat,” whispered Claire, like “The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe.” Her voice quavered as she spoke.
“What coat?” asked Jenny who had wandered away and had been examining the desk drawers with her back to the twins. She swung around to look at them and suddenly caught sight of herself in the mirror. Then she gasped and held her breath. The girl who looked back at her was dressed in a riding jacket and long skirt; she had on her jeans and a black sweater! The girl’s face was covered in dirt and her long hair was all wild and tangled. As Jenny watched spellbound, the girl suddenly turned and disappeared into the wardrobe. 
“What’s the matter Jenny?” cried the twins in unison, “You look as if you’ve seen a ghost.” 
“Oh! Oh! Nothing,” Jennifer stuttered a reply, but she could see her own reflection in the mirror now and her face was pure white against her deep red hair. “What coat?” she asked again hoping that the twins wouldn’t notice that she was shaking all over. 
“Here at the back,” said Jack, pulling the coat out of the wardrobe and putting it on.
So, after an hour’s search they were disappointed. All they had found was an old, very long and heavy coat that smelled horribly musty. Jack trailed it along the floor as he strutted around pretending to be the king of the castle. He reached deep inside the coat pocket as he pranced about. “Hey, there’s an old book in the pocket.”
“Let me see,” said Claire and she took the book from Jack.
They searched the rest of the furniture and some of the old leather boxes, but found nothing. Just then Jack, who was still pretending to be King reached into an inside pocket deep inside the greatcoat and pulled out a large rusty key. The label attached to the key was torn off but it was just possible to make out the letters m.o.u. 
“A big help,” scoffed Jenny, “a key and a coat.” 
“Don’t forget the book,” said Claire. She had been sitting on the floor leafing through it. “There’s only an old loose bit of paper in this book, not even any pictures!” 
“Let me see.” Claire handed Jenny the paper which had been folded into eight segments. “It’s obviously very old,” said Jenny,” unfolding the paper carefully, and it’s hard to read the words. It’s mostly symbols anyway.” 
“What are symbols?” asked Claire. 
“Well they’re marks like pictures that stand for other things. For example, on a map a church might be marked with a cross or a railway crossing with a cross placed the other way round. There are special symbols for the sea and grass or for castles. We did a bit of this in geography last year but I wasn’t very interested and can’t remember them. I remember it means that you can draw a map without having to draw in buildings or colour in the marshlands etcetera. And even though the map is flat, if you understand the symbols, you can tell if the countryside is hilly or flat and you can tell if there’s a school or a hospital.”  
“Does that mean that piece of paper if a map, Jenny?” Jennifer didn’t answer her brother directly. 
“Well let’s have a look. There is a boundary that could be a road and a sort of asterisk sign with lines coming from it, which must indicate a building. Then in the middle is a plan of a big house but without the roof so you can only see the outline of the ground floor. Way over here is a cross like an X but with stripes on it.  There are also some funny numbers and a little box drawn in. Yes it certainly looks like a map. Then, on the opposite side there are some words, a poem by the look of it. There is also a date. It looks like a.o.u.t. 16,” said Jenny slowly spelling out the letters. “And the date is 1789 or possibly 1739 it’s hard to see it as the numbers are so faint! We will have to ask Thierry or Aliénor what the French words mean. Perhaps the numbers are directions for something? What a coincidence that the date is August. I’m sure aout is August. We did months and days in French this year. And isn’t it the 16th today?”
Claire and Jack had both noticed that she had put Thierry before Aliénor, perhaps because he was the oldest and more likely to understand the significance of the poem. The twins looked at their sister but she seemed to be in a trance. Jennifer suddenly wondered if parallel existences could have any basis in reality. Were they all somehow reliving or witnessing in some way, events that had taken place years, even centuries ago?  Her mind began to spin as she clutched the map. Jack shrugged his shoulders at Claire and signalled that they should go downstairs. They brushed past Jenny who hardly noticed them.
The rain had stopped by about 5pm and Aunty Izzy asked the children to help her clear the garden. They all worked very hard making piles of rubbish to burn. “It won’t burn now,” she said, “it’s far too wet. We’ll have a big bonfire in a few days when the branches have dried out.” That evening they all sat down to cold chicken and salad and again the large dining table became like a battle scene when they had finished eating, but they all voted the meal one of the most delicious they had ever had. The electricity had come back on so they could have hot drinks and their Aunt said it would be nice to have a log fire, not because it was cold but to snuggle up to. They had all brought a book with them to read on the plane and there were plenty of books and magazines in the house. Jack and Claire decided they would rather play “snap” so took a pack of cards from the sideboard and began the game. 
Aunty Izzy was muttering to herself as she dabbed her brushes at the painting. Jenny looked as if she was deeply immersed in her book but she was really thinking of the ghostly girl who had haunted her since her arrival. “Who could she be?” thought Jennifer, “And why does she keep appearing? She must be trying to tell me something or possibly warm me of some danger.” Jennifer decided that she would try to talk to the girl next time she appeared. She had to admit to herself that the image of the girl in the mirror looking so dishevelled had really unnerved her.
The evening passed slowly but the children didn’t miss the television or their computer games at all. Aunty Izzy seemed to have had a breakthrough with her painting and was working very fast indeed. The silence that had fallen in the room was suddenly broken. A scraping at the door was followed by a high-pitched bark. 
“That must be Blanca,” said Jennifer as she rushed to open the door. There in the lamplight stood Thierry with a fluffy white bundle playing at his feet.
“Come in,” called their Aunt, “it’s too windy to stand on the door step.”
After Jennifer has introduced Thierry and Blanca to Aunty Izzy she asked if he would like a cup of tea, forgetting that French people drank coffee. 
“Yes, please tea is good but no milk please,” said Thierry. Blanca yapped loudly and jumped up at Jenny. “And some water, if you please, for Blanca,” he laughed.
As they all sat drinking mugs of tea Thierry said that his Uncle Bernard would like everyone to come to the lighthouse for a special meal next Thursday, to celebrate his birthday.”If you come at 8pm it will be nearly dusk and we can go to the top of the lighthouse to see the lighting. There will be feu d’artifice also.”He obviously didn’t know that word in English. No one really knew what he meant but Jenny reckoned later that it must be something to do with the lighthouse because it seems to mean artificial fire, which is exactly what a lighthouse is. When Thierry was about to go he looked at Jenny whose cheeks blazed as brightly as her red hair, “ See you all tomorrow on the beach,” he said, but he didn’t look at the twins at all. Just Jenny! “Come on Blanca, let’s continue your walk. She insists on her walk even if the weather is bad!” laughed Thierry. 
Later that night as she lay on her bed trying hard to go to sleep Jenny couldn’t stop thinking of the quote she liked best from Shakespeare.” What light in yonder window breaks. It is the moon and Juliet is the sun,” in her mind’s eye she had substituted Jennifer for Juliet! She couldn’t wait till tomorrow. She gazed out of her window and saw the arrow of Orion glittering down at her, pointing inland away from the sea. That was it! She knew there was something about the tapestry that kept nagging at her; it was the night sky. She turned on her light and jumped out of bed. Sure enough, there in the tapestry sky pointing in the direction of the windmill was the constellation of Orion. What a coincidence. This must mean something, but what? It was as though the very house itself was trying to tell her its story, but her head was too full of Romeo and Juliet, constellations, tapestries and ghostly girls to think straight. She decided to think about it in the morning after a good night’s sleep. The wind howled outside and she could just hear the church bell tolling as she drifted off into a fitful sleep.
Suddenly, as the moon shone overhead Jennifer was flung into another world. She galloped out into the woods riding a beautiful palomino horse and dressed in a pure white gown. She rode as quickly as she could, urging the horse to go faster and faster. She knew that she must reach the windmill or someone would die. She must save him from the dreadful machine that could slice through his flesh leaving his head rolling down toward the old women who knitted, les tricôteurs. On and on she made the horse gallop till he was flying through the air. Suddenly she was completely weightless, her white gown flying behind her. She pulled at the reins and the palomino slowed and glided to earth as if he had wings, but she had left the saddle now and fell through the air turning over and over before landing on a small balcony. Jennifer grabbed hold of the iron railings and leaned over, looking out onto the earth below. In the dark space below the balcony she saw a knight in silver armour his long tresses falling about his shoulders. He called out to her, his voice echoing in the cool night air, “Jennifer is the sun. Jennifer is the sun. Jennifer is the sun.” As he turned to leave her she caught sight of a shark’s tooth necklace glinting around his neck. “Don’t leave me,” she cried, “don’t leave me!” She jumped out of bed sobbing as she grabbed the bedcovers around her shoulders for warmth. 
She hadn’t had such a vivid dream since she was ten years old. She had had a very bad fever at the time and her mother had sat up with her all night. Then the dream had been about being lost in a desert brought on by her high temperature; now it was a jumble of real and imaginary events. Jenny sat trembling on the side of the bed. She found the regular beam of the great lighthouse calmed her a little as she tried to analyse the nightmare.
The image of Thierry as a knight in shining armour and the confusion of the balcony scene from “Romeo and Juliet”, she found relatively easy to explain. These were the things she had been thinking of just as she went to sleep and she knew that dreams took real events and mixed them all up with things seen or read that day. But who was the person she had been trying to save? She felt an incredible sense of fear and sadness as she tried to get back to sleep. She knew this nightmare had something to do with the girl she had seen riding her horse when she arrived and earlier today in the mirror of the armoire. She went to sleep again certain that she must find out the girl’s identity and try to speak to her.


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 6 
The next morning dawned bright and breezy. Jennifer stood on her balcony to greet the day and felt sure it would be warm and sunny. She dressed and tucked the map into her pocket. She had put on her white cut-off pants and her green sleeveless tee–shirt and spent a long time brushing and arranging her hair. She decided that despite the wind she would leave her hair down today. She shivered as she remembered her nightmare but decided the day would be too exciting to worry about it. She forced it out of her mind as she raced down to breakfast and found the twins already eating boiled eggs. Aunty Izzy had once again taken her coffee and toast to the large easel and was already painting furiously. Jenny whispered to the twins not to say anything about the old map and the key they had found. “It’s our little secret,” she said, and winked at the twins. 
When the children arrived at the lighthouse they were surprised to see no sign of life. They looked around the garden where the little boat was still perched up on its stilts and finally went to knock on the door of the cottage, but there was no answer. Disappointed, they walked back to the beach and paddled in the water. It was already getting hot and it was only 10am. As they stood at the water’s edge they looked up at the lighthouse and were surprised to see two small figures and a little white blob high up on the lookout platform. Hanging over the green ironwork rail were Thierry and Aliénor waving to them and yelling at them to come up. The voices were carried to them on the breeze but they could just make out what the French children were saying. “Come up the door’s open!”
The twins and Jenny ran to the base of the lighthouse and were greeted by an excited Blanca who had hurtled down the spiral staircase as fast as her dainty paws would carry her and was hopping around their feet anxious to go all the way up again. At first the stairs were quite wide and the children began by running up two at a time even though this was difficult because they were constantly turning a corner. At what they reckoned might be the halfway mark their pace slowed down. 
“Phew, we must be going up to the sky,” said Jack. 
The stairs were now much closer together and they seemed to be spiralling much more tightly, turning and turning as they climbed. They hung on to the rope railing that had been secured at regular intervals with large brass hooks. The hooks themselves had been fixed into the solid, stone wall of the lighthouse and were obviously polished regularly as they shone very brightly. They were getting slightly dizzy but every-so-often there were little slits in the wall where they could pause and look out to sea. The beach seemed very far below them now. They carried on and were happy to be able to hear the voices of Aliénor and Thierry somewhere above their heads. As they neared the top they realised that above them was a patch of pure blue sky. They ascended the final few steps and, holding onto the rope rail for all they were worth, hauled themselves out onto the viewing platform which was just below the great light.
“Bonjour,” said Aliénor and Thierry together to Jennifer. “Blanca got here before you. She loves climbing the steps.” The viewing platform was very high and quite scary and Jenny took hold of Claire’s hand so the little girl would not be too frightened. It was quite safe, Jenny saw. The railings were made of very curly wrought iron and came up beyond waist height but there was also a fine metal grid that went all the way around and meant that even very small dogs were in no danger of falling through. 
The view was fantastic. They could see way out over the beach and right across the sea and that was only one side. This was a 360 degree view. As they moved around the viewing platform they could also see inland. 
“We should be able to see Aunt Izzy’s house,” said Claire who was feeling much braver now that she knew she was completely safe. The house was surrounded by very large trees, so they knew it wouldn’t be easy to make out any building but, eventually, Thierry pointed in the direction they had walked through the pine woods up to the beach, and there he said he could just see the roof of the house. The roof was covered in tiles that were very old and came in many colours from very pale yellow and orange to a darker brown colour. If you looked hard it was possible to just make out the shape of the building and see the chimneystack. 
“Wow!” said Jack, “It looks so small from up here.” 
Jenny was standing close to Thierry and trying to control her hair which was flying everywhere. She wished now that she had tied it back but consoled herself with the fact that there was much less breeze down at ground level. She noticed that he still had on his earring and sharks-tooth necklace and thought that he looked very much at home here on the lighthouse. She couldn’t imagine him in a school uniform. Then she remembered that French children don’t wear school uniforms, lucky them. She thought of her own school uniform with its boring grey pleated skirt, white shirt and blazer in cherry red. The blazer looked hideous with her hair colour and she hated the school shoes that had to have laces - YUK! Suddenly her reverie was interrupted as Thierry pointed at something way in the distance. “Look,” he said, “That looks like another roof top over there. It’s a completely different shape from your house though. It has a pointed roof like a, what do you call it in English? A windmill! Yes, a windmill.” He was very pleased that he has remembered the English word and grinned at Jenny who immediately blushed. She was quickly brought back to reality and, as she looked out to where Thierry was pointing, she realised that the three buildings were in a straight line. “Just like the pyramids in Egypt,” she thought, “what a coincidence.”
Jack and Claire squealed in delight, “Aunty Izzy said there was a windmill somewhere. Now we can say we’ve seen it!” The twins hurtled after Blanca who was running helter-skelter round and round the viewing platform. As this commotion was going on, a disembodied up side down head suddenly appeared from a tiny hatch that the children had scarcely noticed. 
“Come up,” said the head and disappeared. This hatch was on the opposite side of the viewing platform from where the children had entered. It stood at the bottom of a very steep staircase that took them even higher, to the very top of the lighthouse where the huge mirrors that magnified the light were housed. Uncle Bernard was up in the glasshouse as they called it polishing the mirrors. They all went up single file and the children were surprised that they could all fit in the top of the lighthouse that looked quite small from down on the beach. 
“This is the most important part of the whole building, “said Uncle Bernard. “In ancient times they had to light fires to guide sailors, then they used gas and now we use electricity to make the light. But the mirrors which magnify the light so it can be seen way out to sea must be kept clean and in good working order.” Uncle Bernard was clearly in his element and the children thought it a shame that he would have to return to Paris at the end of the summer and be a policeman again. But for the moment he was enjoying every minute of his life on the wild French Atlantic coast as a lighthouse keeper.
“Come on,” said Uncle Bernard putting his polishing cloths in a small cupboard next to the light, “Let’s all go down and have our déjeuner. It should be ready by now.” The children were all very glad to be invited to eat because they had left without a proper picnic today and had just packed some fruit. What they hadn’t expected was such an enormous meal. The French ate lunch at 12.30 precisely and what a lunch! They began with a salade compose which, in this case, meant a salad with ham, tomatoes and cheese. This was followed by the main meal, a huge pot of coq au vin. When they asked, the children were told that coq au vin meant a chicken casserole cooked in red wine. They were certainly not allowed to drink wine at home in Islington so they thought they would not be allowed a meal cooked in wine, but Uncle Bernard told them that it was alright because the wine disappeared when the chicken was cooking and only the flavour was left. They were a little sceptical and hoped it didn’t taste as nasty as the sip of Aunt Izzy’s wine they had tried. They need not have worried as they thought the coq au vin was delicious and asked for seconds. After the chicken came a platter of cheese and the children tried a bit of each but found some of them tasted too strong and they certainly smelt strong! The final course was a crème brulee,  a delicious custard with a sugary topping that had been burned to toffee. The children felt they would be unable to move for the rest of the day. When they had finished they helped to clean up and wash the dishes. The lighthouse didn’t have a dishwasher and the children found that it was quite fun washing dishes and splashing around in the suds. After lunch they decided to go for a walk along the beach but Thierry said he had to help Uncle Bernard with the boat. Jennifer was a bit disappointed but as they walked away Thierry shouted “I’ll see you later Jenny.” This cheered her up enormously and she shouted back 
“OK Thierry, we’ll be back soon.”
Aliénor and Jennifer walked slowly down to the sea edge while the twins skipped along in front of them gathering shells. Jenny wasn’t sure whether to tell Aliénor about the key and the map and the poem they had found in the old greatcoat. Eventually she decided it could do no harm and that she would need help to understand what it all meant anyway, since her French wasn’t good enough to decipher the poem and her map reading skills were very limited.
Aliénor was very interested in the date mentioned on the map but she didn’t really understand the poem which was very faint and written in old French. As every French schoolgirl knows, Aliénor told Jenny, 1789 is the date of the French Revolution. This was not a date that Jennifer knew at all. She would, of course, have known the significance of 1066 the year that William came over the channel from Normandy and conquered England. “Perhaps there will be buried treasure,” said Aliénor excitedly. “During the revolution many aristocrats had to hide their wealth for fear of having it taken by the citizens.” As they walked along the wild Atlantic beach both girls were daydreaming of buried treasure and Jennifer was suddenly very pleased that her summer holiday essay looked like getting an “A” for imagination, if not for accuracy! 
“We should get back now,” said Aliénor. Jennifer called to Jack and Claire who came running back to the older girls to show them their prize collection of shells, starfish and seaweed. All five arrived back at the lighthouse fifteen minutes later looking a shade browner that when they had left. “We must get back. Aunty Izzy will be worried if we stay out too late,” said Jenny. “Why don’t you, Thierry and Uncle Bernard come over to our house for lunch tomorrow? It won’t be such a huge one but Aunty Izzy said you could come any time.” They all agreed to come over at 12.30. 
Jenny whispered to Aliénor, “Don’t mention the map and poem to Uncle Bernard. We will look at it in detail when the twins are not around. I think they would only get in the way when we look for buried treasure and the adults might not want us to go exploring.”
They all waved goodbye and as Jennifer turned to go she could have sworn Thierry winked at her. She turned away quickly so he couldn’t see her blazing cheeks. “Bye!” she shouted without turning around. 
“Why is your face so red?” asked Claire. 
“I must have caught the sun,” replied Jennifer, “now come along, we must tell Aunty Izzy that we have invited them all for lunch tomorrow.”
“Who was that old man carrying water in a bucket?” asked Jack.
“You must be day dreaming,” replied Jennifer and Claire in unison and they both laughed.
“I was not day dreaming,” scowled Jack. “He looked a bit like Uncle Bernard but he had old fashioned clothes on and carried a wooden bucket to water the horse.”
Jennifer stood rigid. “What horse?”
“I don’t know, but he was a lovely golden colour. And there were two other smaller horses.”
“I think you must have had too much sun,” Jennifer concluded, but what Jack had said had unsettled her. Perhaps they had all had too much sun!
When they got home their Aunt was nowhere to be found. The house was open and there was a cup of coffee next to the painting. Jenny felt the cup, which was still warm, but untouched. “How odd,“ she thought.“Why would she make a cup of coffee and then go out and leave it? She must have gone for a walk.”
“It’s so hot she just needed some air,” said Jenny to the twins, not wanting to worry them. “Why don’t you two go and get out of you beach things and change your clothes, then if she isn’t back we’ll go and walk around the garden to see where she is.”
Jennifer looked at the painting while the twins bounded upstairs two at a time. Art was most definitely not her best subject at school but she felt that the painting must be very nearly finished. The lighthouse was clearly Uncle Bernard’s even though it was seen from an odd angle. The seashore became a large diagonal right across one side of the picture leaving about two thirds for land in a triangular shape and one third for the sea. On the right hand side of the triangle was the lighthouse looking exactly like it did in reality. It was mainly white with a red top and there was the green decorative iron railing that she had seen at such close quarters earlier in the day. She peered closely at the top and was astonished to see five tiny figures on the viewing platform and right next to the smallest of them was a miniscule white animal. She gasped. Aunty Izzy must have seen them all up there this morning with Blanca the poodle. 
Jennifer’s eyes moved across the base of the painting until she came to another building in a direct line with the lighthouse. It was where this house should be but Aunty Izzy had painted a beautiful Château with pointed blue turrets and romantic towers. As her eyes moved up to the top of the picture there, just where they had seen it from the top of the lighthouse, was the mill. This wasn’t finished yet but there was no doubt that it was the mill she had begun painting on their first day and right where it should be in alignment with the Château and the lighthouse. Jennifer couldn’t help feeling that the whole thing was so familiar. The only part of the painting that remained completely unfinished was the sky and a section at the bottom right hand corner. As Jennifer stood staring at the painting the door swung open and Aunty Izzy rushed in all red faced and breathless. “I know it’s there somewhere,” she muttered under her breath. She got right up to the painting before she even seemed to notice Jennifer. 
”What is where?” asked Jennifer. 
“The moulin,” replied her Aunt. 
Jenny looked blankly at her Aunt. 
“The windmill,” said Aunt Izzy. “I’ve looked everywhere but can’t find it.” Jennifer was suddenly very interested indeed in this conversation. “How do you spell moulin?” she said. 
“Why that’s easy,” said Aunty Izzy, “I’m surprised you haven’t learnt that at school yet. M.o.u.l.i.n.,” replied her Aunt spelling out the word. Jennifer felt a tingle all the way down her spine and her hair began to stand on end.
“Why were you looking for the moulin?” said Jennifer pleased that she had learnt another French word and not wanting her Aunt to realise that she was even a bit excited by the way this discussion was going. 
“Well, I just can’t seem to resolve that part of the painting,” said Aunty Izzy. “I thought if I could see the real building I would be able to paint it, but how can I if I can’t find it!”
Jennifer asked where her Aunt had actually looked for the building and was surprised to learn that she had been looking in the area to the west of the house. 
“But why didn’t you look north where you have started to paint it?” asked Jenny. “Because that is where it is!” Aunty Izzy dropped her paintbrush that was loaded with turpentine and yellow ochre oil paint and didn’t even notice how it splattered all over the floor. Jenny grabbed one of her painting rags and began to mop up the mess. 
“How do you know where it is?” asked Aunt Izzy crossly.
“Because I have seen it,” Jenny answered equally crossly.
When the two calmed down Jennifer explained that she and the twins had been to the top of the lighthouse and seen the mill exactly where it was in the painting and Aunty Izzy explained that she had just put the mill where she thought it would look best in the painting making a nice symmetrical design. She also explained that she had painted the children and Blanca because she thought it would be nice if they did go up the lighthouse, not because she had seen them there. As they both stood in front of the painting Aunty Izzy said, ”Well knock me down with a feather! Who’d have thought that the windmill was there all the time? I had begun to think it might not exist at all. And I must be psychic painting all of you and even Blanca right at the top of the lighthouse. I did that part just before I stopped for lunch.” Jennifer stood silently next to her Aunt for a few seconds gazing at the large painting and wondering if she had painted them at exactly the time they were all on the lookout platform, then she said, “What time did you stop for lunch?” 
“I stopped at 12.30,” replied her Aunt,” just like the French!”
“Why did you paint this house like a castle with blue tiles on the pointed towers? It is this house, isn’t it?”
Aunty Izzy pondered for a moment and then said, “I don’t know, it just seemed the right thing to do.” Jennifer was shocked by this reply. She had thought that her Aunt, all artists for that matter, would have a plan in their minds before they started painting. Did this mean that the painting kind of painted itself or had a life of its own? She wanted to ask Aunt Izzy but she had something much more important than this on her mind and couldn’t wait to get to her room. She told her Aunty that they had all had a huge lunch with Uncle Bernard, Thierry and Aliénor and that she had invited them all for lunch tomorrow. She could sense that her Aunty was a bit miffed and only wanted to get back to her painting. 
“I told them it wouldn’t be a big lunch,” she said as she walked to the staircase, “and don’t bother about food tonight. I’ll make something for us all while you carry on with the painting.” Aunty Izzy looked relieved and was clearly planning to begin work on the moulin even though she still hadn’t seen it. Perhaps, now she knew that it really existed and where it was, she could start to paint it properly.
Jennifer rushed upstairs and opened the drawer where she had placed the key. It was the key she wanted, the map and poem would need Thierry and Aliénor and longer than she had on the beach today. She held the key in her left hand. It was heavy and looked very old but what she wanted to look at was the label.  Hanging from the circular part of the key that was almost big enough for her whole hand to grasp was the thin, fragile looking piece of paper. And there were the letters she had remembered M.O.U. The word was incomplete, but she felt sure that the rest would be L.I.N. She had the key to the moulin! She decided not to tell the twins whom she thought had completely forgotten about the rainy day when they found the old book and the key. She would take Aliénor and Thierry into her confidence and they would all go to look for the windmill together. If the twins had to come she would pretend they were having a game of hide and seek. It would be easy to keep them occupied while her two new friends helped her to solve the mystery of the moulin. She took the map out of her pocket and placed it with the old key in the drawer in her bedroom. As she did so Jennifer wondered if the map and key had anything to do with the mysterious girl and her palomino horse. She felt somehow that she and the twins were bound up in the girl’s story.


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 7
The next day was hot with no wind. The sun beat down even at 9am and they all knew it would stay like this all day. They had some fruit for breakfast and then their Aunt insisted that they all help to prepare lunch. The twins put a helping of pâté on seven plates and cut up lots of bread. Jennifer had to peel potatoes for a homemade potato salad with onions and walnuts and Aunty Izzy cooked two large farm chickens which they would have cold with salad. The pudding was to be a fresh fruit salad. “Not too difficult and not too heavy for a hot day,” said Aunty Izzy. “Now to make the lemonade,” she said gathering up a dozen lemons to squeeze.
By lunchtime the thermometer that hung in the garden under the parasol pine was reading 33 degrees. This was the hottest day since the children had arrived and they all began to wish they could be down by the sea rather than entertaining guests for lunch. All the food had been put in the fridge to keep it fresh and they decided they should eat under the shade of the huge umbrella pine and accordingly set an old wooden table under the tree.  
At 12.30 exactly Uncle Bernard, Thierry and Aliénor arrived with Blanca whose tongue hung out so far that she looked as if she would lick the grass in the garden. Aunty Izzy rushed inside before she was even introduced to Uncle Bernard and Aliénor and came back with an enormous bowl of water which Blanca immediately began lapping without any care for the slurping noises she was making. They all laughed at the dog’s antics and, after Jennifer formally introduced her aunt to Bernard and Aliénor, they all took their seats at the table. Jennifer sat between Thierry and Aliénor opposite Uncle Bernard, Aunty Izzy and the twins. Blanca wanted to sit between Jack and Claire but wasn’t allowed to sit at the table so she sat under Jack’s chair and promptly fell asleep.
Aunty Izzy poured lemonade for all the children, including Thierry, and asked Uncle Bernard if he would like an aperitif. When he said yes she went inside to open a bottle of white wine and pouring a little cassis into his glass and her own, returned with the kir that was so loved in France. The two adults struck up a conversation and Jennifer was surprised that her Aunt spoke quite a lot of French. When she struggled to find a word Uncle Bernard managed to help her out in English which he spoke well enough. The twins brought out the pâté and the bread and everyone tucked in. Jennifer wanted to tell Aliénor and Thierry about the key but decided to wait until after lunch in case anyone else heard her. The lunch lasted for ages as Aunty Izzy kept forgetting to bring out the next course because she was chatting so much to Uncle Bernard. She had learnt all about his policing duties and his love of the sea and lighthouses in particular, even the fact that he was divorced. They even managed to tell each other jokes in French and English. Jenny decided to go and get the chicken and salad herself and Aliénor went into the house with her. She was just about to tell her French friend about the key when the twins rushed in to help so she didn’t get the chance.
After the main course and the desert Aunty Izzy asked if anyone wanted cheese. There was great surprise from the French people when they learnt that the English have the sweet course before the cheese, because they did it the other way around. Nobody could eat another thing so Isabelle suggested that the children could leave the table if they wanted to, while she and Uncle Bernard had coffee.
Jennifer thought that she, Thierry and Aliénor would have the twins tagging along with them for the rest of the day if she didn’t come up with a suitable plan that the adults would like. Then she had a brainwave and said to Uncle Bernard, “Blanca loves the beach doesn’t she?” 
“Oh yes,” he answered, “and she is a very good little girl. She will only stay at the edge of the waves and not go in too far like some dogs.” 
“Perhaps the twins could take her down to the beach. It isn’t far and they would all be quite safe.” Jennifer held her breath. The twins thought this was a great idea and longed to have Blanca all to themselves and to play around near the lighthouse. 
They skipped around shouting, “Oh please let us Aunty Izzy, please! We’ll stay near the edge and won’t go in past our knees, please, pleeeeze.” 
“Well I guess it will be alright,” said Aunty Izzy, and the twins leapt about in delight at being allowed to do something on their own. “Go and get your swimming things then, and the suncream.it is very hot today and we don’t want any sunburn.” 
“Will Blanca get sun burnt?” asked the twins? 
“Uncle Bernard said it might be a good idea to put sun-block on her ears because they are white and she may get burnt there. So the twins ran off to get changed and to put sun-cream on Blanca’s ears, which they thought was a good idea but they also thought she would hate it and try to lick it off!   
“What will you three musketeers do this afternoon?” asked Aunty Izzy. The three looked at each other and Thierry answered as casually as he could. 
“I think we might look for the moulin.” Both Aliénor and Jennifer pricked up their ears and waited for the adults to come up with some reason why they shouldn’t search for the windmill but all Uncle Bernard said was, 
“Ok, but Thierry you are the oldest so please make sure you don’t do anything dangerous. No climbing in old buildings, especially old windmills. You know these ancient French buildings are often unsafe if they have been left unoccupied for many years and there may be snakes basking on the warm stones!”
“Pas de problem,” answered Thierry. “We will be very careful.” 
“You had better take some cold drinks and perhaps some fruit in case the moulin is further away than you think. I know it looked close from the top of the lighthouse but it will probably be a couple of kilometres at least and you also have to walk back again,” said Aunty Izzy.
The older children passed the twins on the staircase. “Bye bye, “ said the twins and Blanca barked, “Woof, woof.” 
“She’s saying bye-bye,” laughed Claire. 
“No she isn’t,” said Jack, “she’s saying au revoir!” The twins giggled the same giggle and skipped off with Blanca jumping around their feet. They were delighted to be doing something all by themselves. It seemed like a real adventure to them both and they had forgotten all about Islington and going back to school in two weeks time!
Thierry and Aliénor followed Jennifer up to her room. They were both surprised at how different her room looked to the rest of the house. “It looks like a sweet little Château bedroom,” said Aliénor. “I wish mine was like this.” Jennifer showed them the view from her window and told them that at night she could see the light from their lighthouse going round and round. They stood out on her little Romeo and Juliet balcony and looked towards the sea. 
“I hope the twins will be alright, “said Jenny. 
“Of course they will,” answered Thierry, “What could go wrong? Uncle Bernard will be going back to the lighthouse soon and he will keep an eye on them.”  Jenny remembered the key to the moulin and the map and poem. She explained to Thierry and Aliénor how they had found the map tucked into an old book and placed in the pocket of an ancient looking greatcoat along with the key in another pocket. She took out the key and said she felt sure it was a key to the moulin. Thierry and Aliénor looked very interested. The old key was certainly big and looked to them as if it could be from a very old building. Thierry stared at it and then said, “It could be moulin… or mousquetaire, or moustique or moutard or mouton or even moustache! They all laughed at this last possibility and a key for a mosquito or for mustard seemed impossible. But they kept an open mind about musketeer. 
“Wasn’t it odd that Aunty Izzy had called us the three musketeers,” exclaimed Jenny. Perhaps that is the key!” she joked, “But I still think the moulin is where the key belongs. So let’s get going! ” she said as she put the key in her pocket.


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 8
It was only when they were about half a kilometre from the house that Jennifer remembered the map and poem. “Oh! No,” she groaned, “I forgot to show you the map and poem. I’m sure it has something to do with the moulin.” 
“No problem,” said Thierry, “I think we may have to return to the moulin more than once, so we should just try to find it today and then return. We may not even be able to find it.”
The thought that they didn’t really need the map today made Jenny feel a lot better and she soon forgot about it and concentrated on the walk through the pine forest in the direction they hoped would take them to the windmill. It was very hot and dry underfoot so that the pine needles crackled as they trod on them. The soil between the trees was almost pure sand and little clouds of dust swirled around their feet as they walked on. There was no bird song, which Jenny thought odd, as they always heard lots of different birds in Islington even though their garden was in the middle of a large city like London. She thought it must be too hot for them and decided they would probably come out later when it was cooler.
As they walked inland the sound of the ocean receded and they all felt as if they were on an adventure fighting their way through the Amazon Jungle or the Australian Bush. Each was in their own dream world as they trudged along through the woods. The only sound was of dry leaves crackling beneath their feet. Thierry eventually broke the silence when he suggested that they should stop for a few minutes and drink some water. They had brought one large bottle and all sipped from it in turn. It had started off being very cold straight from the fridge but now it was warm and not very nice but they were all so thirsty that it seemed very good to them.
“Look,” said Thierry, “the track we have been following seems to stop just ahead.” 
“There is another one over there, and another over there!” replied Aliénor. 
“I think we are lost or going round in circles,” said Jennifer who was a bit scared that they may not be able to find their way home. Thierry reassured the girls that they couldn’t really get lost if they remembered that the sun rises in the east and sets in the west. 
“As long as we are heading towards the setting sun on the way back we will be going towards the beach, “he said. This cheered the girls who were beginning to have thoughts of sleeping in the pine forest that night. 
“Let’s take this track on the right, “said Thierry, “if we don’t find the moulin we can always come back to this point and follow the other one!” But they need not have worried because they were closer to the windmill than they imagined. They walked for another ten minutes and noticed that the ground was rising slightly. Thierry thought that was to be expected as windmills are usually built on high ground. Soon they came out of the forest into a small clearing and there on a manmade mound of earth stood the moulin.
“Wow!” said Jenny, “I didn’t expect it to be so big. They look so tiny from a distance.” The three musketeers, as they were to call each other from now on, slowly rounded the old building. It was circular and made of stone and looked very sturdy from the outside.  They could see where the sails would have been because a large triangular panel, looking a bit like a small pyramid, butted up to the conical roof and a few rickety bits of old timber was all that remained of that part of the windmill that actually caught the wind to turn the mill wheels.  As they walked around the mound they realised that the building had a basement that was built into the raised mound so it became a sort of underground chamber. They could see what looked like a tiny window into this low level but it was all overgrown with ivy so they couldn’t tell if they could get inside or not. There were two other floors if the small windows at each level were any indication of what was inside. At the top the conical roof was finished with old tiles all different shades of orange. Around the stone structure there were places where old creepers grew and other places where they seemed to have been pulled off as if someone had attempted to enter the building but given up. 
This fact intrigued the three friends the most. Who would have cleared away some of the vines and why would anyone want to enter an old derelict moulin? There was no obvious main door into the moulin so the three decided to make a more thorough search. They climbed up the little mound which took them to the base of the building and began walking very slowly round it. As they did they felt the stones, which were warm in the heat of the day, and then their hands carefully felt through the ivy to see if they could find any door handles or wooden frames. Just when they thought their task was hopeless, Jenny said, “I think I have found something. There seems to be something metallic under the ivy here.”  Thierry and Aliénor came around to the side Jenny had been inspecting. “Look, there is something shiny in there covered by the ivy,” she said. 
“It must be a door but we will never get past all this ivy, “ said Thierry, “ I suggest that we try to get inside using that little window that leads into the basement and then we might be able to open the large oak door from the inside somehow.”


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 9
Jack and Claire arrived at the beach just after Blanca who had run on ahead barking for all she was worth as she sniffed the sea air and realised she was going back to the lighthouse. When they arrived they walked down to the water’s edge and unrolled their beach mats on the soft sand just before the tide line where the sand was wet. They then placed a towel on each mat and their basket containing water and sun cream in the sand. They had also brought a beach ball so that they could have a game of catch with Blanca who loved games. 
“Shall we go for a walk along the beach and collect shells?” asked Jack. Claire thought that was a good idea and they both walked down to the sea edge so they could walk with their feet in the water. They called to Blanca and threw the ball into the water ahead of them so she could chase it. 
They set off chattering about how good it was to be alone with the dog and the two of them felt very grown up. They certainly would not have been allowed out on their own in London. They walked along the beach for ages and suddenly Jack saw something ahead of them on the sand. He rushed on ahead of Claire who had stopped to pick up an especially prettily coloured shell. 
“Hey, come and look at this Claire,” said Jack. 
When she caught up, Jack and Blanca were examining a bottle. “It’s got a brownish liquid in it,“ said Claire. “Look at the label. It’s hard to read because it must have been damaged in the rain the other night but it looks like “G.l.e.n.. S.t.r..g.e” and it says Scotland on this bit and W.h.i.s..y over here.”  Claire was spelling out bits of the label that she could read. 
“It must be a bottle of whisky,” said Jack, “but what is it doing here on the beach, and what are those tracks on the sand? Look, they go right up to the sand hill over there.”
“Let’s follow them,” replied Claire. “Come on Blanca.” The twins followed the tracks right up onto the top of the sand dune where there were a few plants clinging on against the wild Atlantic winds. There were little fences that held the sand still to try to stop it drifting when the winter winds were blowing but the tracks avoided these and followed the little rough path from the beach that lead back into the pine forest.
The twins followed the tracks, which looked as if they may have been made by a sledge being pulled up through the sand. Finally they petered out in a clearing in the forest. “Look, there are tyre marks here, and over there,” said Jack. “Whatever was being pulled up the beach must have been loaded onto a car and driven away.” They followed the tyre marks for a little way deeper into the forest but decided, as the car was long gone, that they wouldn’t find the vehicle anyway and they might get lost. At least on the beach they couldn’t lose their way if the kept the lighthouse in their sights.
Blanca and the twins hurried back to the beach. Jack held the whisky bottle and Claire took the beach ball. When they got to their mats they sat down and had a drink of water. Blanca wanted one too so Claire had to hold her mouth open while Jack poured a bit of water onto her little pink tongue. “We should have brought her a bowl,” said Claire, “but she seems to prefer it this way anyway,” she said laughing. After her drink Blanca trotted off to chase the waves while Jack and Claire decided what to do about the whisky and the car tracks. They thought there must be something illegal going on and they knew they should tell an adult but they were so excited at having their own adventure that they decided to keep their find secret.
“Why don’t we come back here at night and see if we can see what is going on,” said Jack. Claire was a little bit scared at the idea but Jack convinced her that they would be ok, as long as they were very quiet and stayed well hidden. 
“But how will we find the right spot again?” asked Claire. The beach all looks the same.” 
Jack knew Claire had a good point. They could see clearly now in full daylight but how would they cope at night? Jack thought they could count how many steps to this point from the lighthouse but Claire thought that would be too difficult as the tracks were quite a distance from the lighthouse. “Let’s go back to the tracks and see if there is something we could use as a guide.” Said Jack. This time the twins ran along the beach retracing their steps until they could see the tracks again.  “There, look Jack, there‘s a rock near the water’s edge. We might be able to see that at night, especially if there is a bright moon.” “Right, that’s our marker,” answered Jack.
“Now we had better get back or Aunty Izzy will think we’ve been eaten by sharks!”
The twins packed their basket and took Blanca up to the lighthouse but there was no sign of Uncle Bernard or Thierry and Aliénor. 
“They must be still at our house,” said Claire. “We had better take Blanca along with us.” 
As the twins walked up to the house Jack whispered,” Remember, don’t say a word about whisky!” 
Claire laughed. “OK. We had better find out if the moon is going to be out tonight, though. Perhaps Uncle Bernard will know.”


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 10
Thierry, Aliénor and Jennifer ran down to the base of the mound and quickly found the tiny window that they had seen earlier. It was all covered in ivy and a thick vine. They began to pull the ivy away from the stones and cleared enough to see that the window was in fact a tiny door with a glass panel at the top. Thierry began to pull at the metal catch and, to his surprise, the door opened into the underground chamber. He peered in through the dark hole but couldn’t see anything. The sunlight now was on the other side of the moulin and didn’t help them at all. 
“Do you think we could get in through that tiny door?” asked Jenny. 
“I’m not sure,” replied Thierry. “It might just be possible if you go in head first while Aliénor and I hold your feet.” 
“Oh!” cried Jenny, “I didn’t mean I wanted to be the one to go in!” 
Thierry and Aliénor laughed and Thierry said, “I am only joking, Jenny, but I think we could get in if we tried hard. We would have to bend almost double, but it is possible. The problem is that we don’t have a light and it’s pitch dark in there and it could be dangerous. I think we should go back now and return after dark with a flashlight so that we can enter the building safely and then see if we can find the door that fits your key.” The girls thought this was a great idea. A night - time adventure would really make this holiday exciting. 
“But how will we find our way back here in the dark?” asked Jenny. Thierry thought that if they marked their route through the forest on the way back and the moonlight was bright they would be able to get back to the windmill again. He closed the tiny door and pulled some of the ivy and vines back over it so that you could hardly tell they had been there.
“But how will we mark our track?” asked Aliénor, “We haven’t brought any chalk with us and if we used breadcrumbs like Hansel and Gretel I’m sure the birds would eat them.” 
“Or the rats!” replied Thierry, who loved seeing the girls shudder in horror.
“What about using twigs or pinecones or little stones?” suggested Jenny, “Then nothing would eat them.” 
“You know what, Jenny”, laughed Thierry, “You are cleverer than you look, for a redhead!” Jenny blushed crimson but was secretly pleased that Thierry was paying attention to her ideas.
Just as they were about to leave the moulin they heard a car approaching. “Quick, let’s hide behind those trees over there,” said Thierry. They all ran to the little patch of shrubby trees that were growing in the clearing and waited to see if the car drew up. “We must be near a road,” he whispered. 
They waited, crouched down behind the trees, for what seemed ages but no car approached. Then they heard a car door slam and the sound of muffled voices. From where they were it was difficult to hear what was being said, and they couldn’t see what the car and its occupants were up to as they were on the opposite side of the windmill from the Three Musketeers. There were noises and an occasional shout like an order. There seemed to be at least two or three men unloading something from the car. Thierry thought that they had better make their escape while they could as the men could come round to their side of the building at any moment. He made hand signals to the girls that they should leave and the three of them ran as quietly as they could over the clearing and into the woods.
After a few metres they stopped and caught their breath. “What do you think they were doing?” whispered Jennifer. 
“I don’t know,” replied Thierry. “Perhaps they are using the old mill as a storage depot. Perhaps they own it and we certainly don’t want to be caught trespassing.”
“But Aunty Izzy thought that the moulin was part of the house she is renting, so perhaps it is the men who are trespassing.”
“Well, we will come back as soon as we get a bright moonlit night and perhaps we will find out exactly what they were doing. Now we must try to mark up out path so that we can find the moulin again. Ok, Jenny, let’s put your idea into practice.”
Every few metres they stopped to make a little mound of the white limestone pebbles that were very common in this area. They thought they would be able to see them quite clearly by moonlight or with a torch. When they came to a junction they were especially careful to mark the direction of their route. This was a time consuming task but they all felt that it would be worth it in the end.
When they approached the house they stopped to make a final plan for their midnight escapade. Thierry thought it would be best if they all appeared to go to bed at their normal time tonight and then, if the moon was bright and the sky clear, they would meet up under Jenny’s window which was on the opposite side of the house from the twins and Aunty Izzy. Thierry said they should all wear warm clothes and bring a bottle of water each and a flashlight. He and Aliénor would stand in the garden near Jenny’s window and turn their flashlights on and off three times, one for each Musketeer. That would be the signal for Jenny to come down and for all three to return to the windmill. 
Jenny said goodbye to the others who had turned into the trees toward the beach. She walked towards the house. She could hardly wait for the evening and the hope of a bright sky.


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 11
The twins looked at the dirty lunch dishes still on the table under the parasol pine. They thought this was odd. In the main room they found Aunty Izzy and Uncle Bernard standing in front of the painting. They were deep in conversation and didn’t notice the twins until Blanca barked and they both looked around. 
“Oh, it’s you two. Back so soon?” asked their Aunt. 
They could see that the two adults were still drinking alcohol and Jack whispered to Claire,” I hope it’s not stolen whisky!” Claire giggled. 
“Do you want something to eat?” asked their Aunt. The twins said they didn’t and asked if they could take Blanca out to play in the garden. 
“Don’t stray too far,” said Uncle Bernard, “I must take Blanca home soon, and give her something to eat.”
As the twins and Blanca went into the garden they bumped into Jennifer. “What have you two done this afternoon?” asked Jenny. 
“We went to the beach with Blanca, “said the twins in unison. 
“Did you do anything exciting down there?” asked Jenny. 
“No,” they both replied, a little too quickly. “What did you do?” Jenny looked at Jack and Claire as if she was a bit suspicious of their very quick answer to her last question. 
“We just went for a walk,” said Jenny. The twins ran off into the trees and Jennifer went into the house where Aunty Izzy and Uncle Bernard were still in conversation in front of the painting.
Jenny overheard what they were saying before they noticed her. “The windmill is part of this estate. There was once a Château on this site and it, the windmill and the lighthouse, were all owned by the same family. I think they were very wealthy and lost all their money during the revolution,” explained Uncle Bernard.
“Perhaps they lost their heads too.” replied Aunty Izzy. 
“Very likely, many aristocrats did when madame la guillotine was in action. I have a book about the history of this area that is in English if you would like to borrow it. There is a chapter about the Château and speculations on the mystery of how the family lost their money. I think you would find it very interesting.”
“I would like that very much,” replied Aunty Izzy. “And perhaps it would help me to finish the painting. I just cannot seem to finish the moulin. The lighthouse and the Château and the sea have been relatively easy, but the moulin seems not to want me to paint it. It is as if it has a secret that it’s hiding and if I paint it, it will be exposed.”
“Don’t forget, if you want to include the stars in your painting, tonight would be a good time to stargaze. The sky should be very clear and there is a full moon tonight. Perfect to make out all the constellations and with no light pollution here you will be in for a treat. And now I must go back to the lighthouse. Thank you for a perfect day and a good lunch and remember you are coming to my house next Thursday when it is my birthday.” As Aunty Izzy and Uncle Bernard turned they were surprised to see Jenny was standing behind them.
“Had a good day Jen? Did you find the windmill?” asked Aunty Izzy. Jenny decided to lie. “No. We walked through the forest but it was so hot we decided to look for it on a cooler day.”  
Jennifer suddenly had a brainwave. If she could get Aliénor and Thierry to stay the night it would be much easier to sneak out and they could also look at the map and poem before they set off for the moulin. 
“Aunty Izzy, could Aliénor and Thierry come for supper tonight and maybe sleep over? It would be lots of fun.”
Aunty Izzy looked at Uncle Bernard who said, “Well I don’t see why not. I’m sure they would love to and they can bring the book over for you, Isabelle.” 
“That’s settled then,” said her Aunt. Jennifer could hardly believe her luck as she waved goodbye to Uncle Bernard. Aunty Izzy called to Bernard, “They can bring Blanca if they want to. The twins will look after her. She can sleep in their rooms.” And at that exact moment the twins and Blanca came hurtling into view. 
“Come on Blanca, food time now, but you can come back to spend the night with Jack and Claire,” said Uncle Bernard.  
“Cool!” said Claire and Jack in unison.


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 12
“I think you should all go and take a shower before your guests come back,” said Aunty Izzy as she headed straight back to her painting. The twins went upstairs to change but Jenny stood behind her Aunt looking at the painting. 
“Did you say that the windmill is part of the property you rented?” asked Jennifer.
“Yes. I am sure that it said so in the contract I signed.”
“So there shouldn’t be anyone else allowed to go near it?”
“No. Why? Did you see someone when you went on your walk?”
Jenny was getting a little red in the face but, even though she didn’t like lying, she decided it was the best option. She didn’t want to worry her Aunt or be forbidden to go in search of the windmill.
“Oh! No. It’s just that when we do go looking for the windmill we want to be sure we are not trespassing.”
Aunty Izzy didn’t seem to notice the fact that Jenny’s voice croaked for a second because her mouth was so dry. Jenny coughed to cover it up.
“Oh,” she said, “Do you think the painting would look silly with a night sky?” Her Aunt had clearly forgotten all about the windmill and the children’s search. “I really want to include the constellation of Orion, but obviously can’t do that if I paint a day sky. I think it could work, what do you think, Jen? Aunty Izzy looked over her shoulder but Jenny had gone.
“Oh well,” she muttered, and wiped her hands on one of her painting rags.
About half an hour later, the twins and Jenny came downstairs having changed clothes. Jenny had washed her hair, which was still wet and they had all decided jeans and tea-shirts would be the thing to wear. Of course they were all thinking of the adventures they would have later on, but their Aunt thought they would be too hot dressed like that. “Your choice my treasures,” she said, not really concentrating. “Why don’t you make up a picnic for your supper tonight? You can eat up in your rooms if you like. I don’t really want to be bothered cooking again and I’ve got to finish the sky on this painting.”
“O.K.” they all shouted. Jenny wondered how she could convince the twins not to come into her room for their picnic but, to her surprise, they broached the subject themselves.
“Can we have our own picnic, Jenny?” they asked. “We want to play with Blanca upstairs in our rooms.” 
Jenny was delighted, of course, although she pretended not to be to cover her tracks. “You don’t think Thierry and Aliénor will be upset?” she asked them, hoping they wouldn’t change their minds.
“No!” came the unanimous reply. “And if there’s another thunder storm we will have Blanca for company,” added Claire.
The twins pricked up their ears at Jenny’s reply. “Oh there won’t be a thunder storm tonight,” she said, “Uncle Bernard said it’s going to be clear with a full moon. And he should know. He has to know exactly what the weather will be doing, in his job.”
“Excellent!” they both said. But realising they sounded a bit too excited the hurriedly added, “Then Blanca won’t be scared.”
“You two sound like one person sometimes,” said Jenny, laughing. The twins were relieved that she didn’t seem to have noticed their hurried cover-up.
Jenny had packed a proper picnic basket for the twins containing chocolate milk in cartons, two half-litre bottles of water, cold sausages, some baby cheeses, a large baguette that she had buttered and two small raspberry tarts. She didn’t pack any knives and forks because everything could be eaten with fingers, which she knew the twins would love. She thought the more food she gave them the better and hoped they would be so tired after their day at the beach that they, and Blanca would fall asleep before the Three Musketeers were due to go back to the windmill. She was a bit worried that Blanca might hear Thierry and Aliénor sneak out with her and bark, but they would have to deal with that when, and if, it happened.
The picnic Jenny packed for them was similar to the twins’ basket without the tarts, but she thought they could each carry a plastic bag containing their food and their flashlights instead of a cumbersome basket.
It seemed ages before the French children and Blanca arrived but finally they did. The twins noticed they were carrying torches and wanted to know why. “Well it’s getting a little bit dark outside,” said Thierry, “and we didn’t want to trip over anything.” The twins simultaneously turned to look out of the window where it was still quite light but thought they could use this to their advantage.
“Can we have torches Aunty Izzy?” they both asked. “We want to play lighthouse keepers and smugg….” Claire kicked Jack before he could finish and give the game away.
“There are some in that old armoire,” answered their Aunt, vaguely pointing to an old cupboard in the corner under the stairs. 
“We brought that old book that Uncle Bernard promised you,” said Aliénor, “but do you mind if we take it up to Jenny’s room to read it first?”
“Yes, that’s fine. I won’t read it until tomorrow anyway. I must finish the sky.” said Aunty Izzy. “Did you say it was getting dark outside?”
“It will be really dark in about half an hour,” replied Thierry evasively and quickly added, “then you will be able to see the stars properly. Uncle Bernard said you wanted to paint the stars.” Aunty Izzy picked up her brushes and didn’t seem to be at all aware that both sets of children seemed quite relieved to change the subject.
“Do you mind if we go up to our rooms now?” asked the twins. 
“Us too,” said Jenny. 
Aunty Izzy didn’t mind. “I’m quite happy alone with my muse!” she answered. They didn’t know what she meant, but were glad to be escaping upstairs to get on with their mysteries. Aunty Izzy could talk to her imaginary friend all night if she wanted to.
“Don’t forget Blanca’s bag,” called Aliénor as the twins began to climb the stairs. “She’s got a brush, a blanket, some food in a plastic box and a bowl for water. And you need to take her out into the garden just before you go to sleep. She needs her toilet time!”
“Cool!” they both said to no one in particular.
“Good luck with the painting,” said Jenny, “See you for breakfast.”


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 13
The older children took their picnic up to Jenny’s room. Thierry gave both girls a cheeky grin as he made himself comfy sitting cross-legged on the floor beside the little balcony.
” I got away with that quite nicely,” he said meaning the questions about the flashlights. “I thought the twins were onto us there for a minute!”
Jenny took out the key and the old map with the poem written on the back and Aliénor gave her the book Uncle Bernard had promised her Aunt. 
“I think you should read the chapter about the Château, and Thierry and I should try to decipher the poem and map. It will be quicker that way,” said Aliénor.
Jennifer stepped over Thierry and opened the Romeo and Juliet doors onto the little balcony so they could see the moon rising and she went to sit on her bed propped up with pillows. Aliénor went to sit near Thierry so they could look at each side of the ancient paper at the same time. They all agreed that they would set out for the moulin in one hour whether they had deciphered the map and poem or not. The room suddenly became very quiet as the Three Musketeers concentrated on their tasks.
On the second floor the twins could hardly wait to set out on their adventure to catch smugglers. They were both secretly glad to have Blanca along and thought that if they got into any trouble she would know what to do. She also knew the beach very well, which they felt certain would be helpful. They had eaten nearly all their picnic already, but decided to take the tarts with them. They wrapped them in some paper and stuffed them into their jeans pockets. They gave Blanca some food and looked out of their window to see the huge moon they had been promised. 
“Let’s go,” said Claire. “They will think we are taking Blanca out to the toilet if they hear us.”
On the third floor Thierry and Aliénor poured over the map and Jennifer was engrossed in reading a story about the French Revolution which had begun in 1789 but lasted for many years. She was pleased that the book was written in English or she would not have been able to help solve the mystery at all. Uncle Bernard had found the book while he was working at the lighthouse. It had fallen on the floor when he had moved some old navigation charts, almost as if it wanted to be rediscovered! He had no idea where is had come from  originally, but he felt it would be perfect for Aunty Izzy to learn about the house she was renting and the buildings she was painting. Jennifer began reading.
<<<>>>
The summer of 1792 was very hot and Paris was the last place the children wanted to be. Jacques, Céline and Jeanne lived in a beautiful house in a very fashionable area of Paris, but when August arrived, they wanted to be at their home by the sea. The chateau near the beach was like a fairytale palace with blue turrets and towers with spiral staircases. It was their favourite place in the world and if they had had their way they would have lived there all year round.
Like many wealthy French people who lived in the 18th century their parents divided their time between Paris and their country estate. In Paris their father Jean-Francois Geoffroy and his beautiful wife Josephine entertained rich and important guests, visited the opera and rode out in their fine carriage in the Bois de Boulogne. They had numerous servants, among them chamber maids, housekeepers, cooks, coachmen and, of course, the children’s tutor.
Every year the Geoffroys left the heat of Paris with their family and their servants and took their horses and carriages packed with everything they would need for two months. This summer they had no choice. The Revolution meant they were all at risk. They were rich and, although not really aristocrats, they were sure that the citizens would consider them to be so, and that could mean that they would all be in grave danger. In the streets of Paris the children had seen riots. Three years before in 1789 The Bastille, the gaol they all thought was impenetrable, had been stormed and the prisoners let loose. This had been the beginning of the French Revolution. The children were very young but even they had sensed that Paris was no longer safe. Their parents had kept from them the worst of the trouble that was to follow, but they had seen and heard enough to frighten them. 
They heard whispers that many people were being slaughtered at the guillotine, that ghastly contraption that cut the heads of those found guilty. Even the king and queen, Louis XV1 and Marie-Antoinette were at risk. The children had hidden in their rooms high above the streets of Paris but they had still heard the rumbling of the rough, wooden tumbrils as they clattered through the streets carrying those who would die. They knew everyone of their friends’ parents feared Robespierre and Marat. They were horrified to hear that old women sat knitting at the base of the guillotine waiting for the heads to role, as if they were enjoying a night at the opera. 
The children were frightened and knew they must not say a word about their father’s plan to leave Paris, not just for the summer, but for the foreseeable future. He would have to carry as many possessions as he could and knew that money and jewellery would be easier to conceal than furniture and works of art. He had heard that the exits from the city would soon be blocked and it would be impossible to escape by road. He must move quickly. The element of surprise would help them all escape.
So one stormy night when there was no moon and the summer rain had temporarily washed the bloody streets of Paris clean, their father decided to move the family. There had been much undercover activity in the weeks before and their father had relied heavily on the honesty and trustworthiness of their oldest servant. He was a man in his seventies called Charles who had been with the family since he was a young boy. His father had also worked for the children’s grandfather and always considered him to be a good master. He had arranged the packing of as many of their clothes and personal belongings as they could risk without arousing the suspicion of the citizens who roamed the streets looking for goods to claim as their own. Charles had disguised their belongings by placing them in rough carts covered with old furniture such as broken down chairs and old pieces of wood. The servants who were assigned to take these carts down to their chateau by the sea had been dressed to look like sans-coulottes the poor revolutionaries who wore trousers cut off at the knee, rather than the knee-breeches which rich people wore. If they were stopped they were told to say that they were carrying material for building the barricades. These roadblocks were springing up around the city, in order to halt traffic and people so they could be questioned by the citizen’s army. 
Three cart- loads of their possessions had left Paris in this way and now it remained for the family to leave in the same fashion. The children were given rough clothes such as they had never worn before. The sacking rubbed their skin and after only half an hour they longed to be back in their silks and satins or the simple cotton they wore at their country chateau. Their faces and hands were blackened with soot from the fires and they were told to lie down in the cart while a rough sack was placed over them. They knew they were not to make any noise at all. Meanwhile their father and mother and Charles were similarly disguised as rough peasants. The children had cried to see their beautiful mother, who usually wore such pretty dresses and had her hair piled high and held with jewels, in such filthy rags. Their city mansion was locked up but their father feared they might never see it again. He had a strong box hidden in the base of the cart that contained money and jewels. The box when opened seemed only to contain documents and writing quills and ink, but it had a false bottom where the real treasure was hidden.
As the cart rattled through the streets of Paris, the family and Charles, held their breath. The rain had stopped now and the dark night was covering their flight, but as they came in sight of Notre Dame Cathedral they saw that the bridge across the Seine had a solitary guard barring their way. The cart in which the children were hidden, was driven by Charles. It drew to a halt. Their father’s cart stopped just behind it. Their mother was hidden, like the children under a pile of filthy old rags and furniture. The guard held up his lamp and looked closely into the faces of their father and Charles. He then held onto the horse’s reigns as he interrogated Charles. “Where are you bound citizens?”
“To the barricades, citizen! We must build them strong so the rich oppressors cannot escape hey!” The children stopped breathing and clutched each other’s hands under the sacking cover. As Charles spoke to the guard he pulled out a dusty old bottle of brandy from his coat pocket, took a swig and offered it to the guard. “The night seems cold after such a hot day. Let’s drink a toast to Robespierre.” The children noticed Charles was not speaking as he normally did, his voice seemed quite crude to them but he had clearly fooled the guard. They heard all three men shout, “To Robespierre and the revolution!”  The children were surprised to hear their father joining in with this toast but knew he had no choice.
“Pass citizens, and build the barricade strong and high! Tomorrow there will be more heads at the base of madame la guillotine!”
The carts started to move across the river. But Charles and their father knew they would not be safe until they were outside the city. They also knew that there would be many other hazards before they reached their chateau by the sea. But, for now, they could all breathe more easily.
<<<>>>
“This is really interesting,” said Jenny who had been so engrossed in the story that she had almost forgotten Thierry and Aliénor were in the room. 
“It’s about a rich family escaping from Paris during the revolution and coming down to the sea. Do you think they lived here? Just think I might be in one of the rooms they occupied and that key and the map might be theirs. And the girl and her horse might have been the one in this story. Who were Robespierre and Marat?” she suddenly added.
Thierry and Aliénor looked up at Jenny. “Don’t they teach you anything in your English schools?” said Thierry. “They were both leaders of the French revolution.” 
Jennifer answered, “Well I don’t suppose you two know who Oliver Cromwell was! We had our own revolution, you know, and cut off King Charles the first’s head in 1649 way before your revolution! 
“Which girl and her horse?” asked Aliénor who had not taken part in the history lesson that Thierry and Jennifer were giving each other.
Jennifer looked surprised, “Oh didn’t I tell you? I keep seeing a girl and her horse. It’s as if she is trying to tell me something but she just keeps fading away. Have you found anything out from the map and poem?” 
“Yes,” answered Thierry, “quite a lot.”
“What do you mean she fades away?” Aliénor persisted.
“Oh, I’ll explain later. The hour’s nearly up! What have you discovered?”


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 14
The twins crept downstairs carrying Blanca and left the house without making a sound. They had their torches and their fruit tart snacks in case they were hungry and they had a small bottle of water each. They sneaked around to the other side of the house keeping close to the walls. Just as they were about to cross the garden they heard the sound of a piano coming from somewhere high up in the house and noticed Aunty Izzy standing in the full light of the moon as if transfixed by both the music and the night sky. They knelt down behind a bush and held on tight to Blanca praying that she wouldn’t bark. They looked up at the sky to see what their Aunt could be looking at. The sky was full of stars. They had never seen so many before and even the Milky Way hung like a huge arc in the sky. They couldn’t even see the Milky Way at home because the street lights created such light pollution. Their Aunty stayed outside for a few minutes and then returned to her painting. When they heard the door snap closed they let Blanca go free.
“She must be going to paint the stars,” whispered Claire.
“Well, if she’s painting, she will never notice that we’ve gone,” replied Jack.
“I wonder who was playing that old piano,” whispered Claire. “Must be Thierry or Aliénor, I suppose. Whoever it was could play really well so it can’t be Jenny, she’s rubbish!” Claire grinned.
“Come on we haven’t got time to bother about a piano.
The twins ran across the garden and round to the side of the house that led to the beach. They briefly looked up to see the light in Jenny’s room and then made their way into the pine forest that led to the lighthouse. The sky was very bright but they could still see the regular flash of the light as it turned round and round to warn sailors of danger. It wasn’t until they got well away from the house that they switched on their torches to make sure they were working. They were, so they switched them off again so as not to waste the batteries. They might need them later but for now the moon lit up the whole landscape.
Blanca ran ahead of them and the twins felt sure that she knew she was going to the beach. They followed her, through the pinewoods and up over the huge sand dune next to the lighthouse. There they stopped for a few seconds but there was no sign of Uncle Bernard. The light was slowly revolving and the lights were on in the keeper’s cottage. They sneaked up to a small window and peered in. There was Uncle Bernard sitting with his back to them reading. He had a small radio next to him on the table and the twins could just make out the sound of music coming from it. “He won’t notice us,” said Jack. “Let’s go!”
The twins and Blanca ran off in the direction of the tracks in the sand. The lighthouse, behind them now, continued to blink out its warning. The sea to their left was rolling in and large waves broke on the shore. They went on for another five minutes when Jack said, “I’m sure we didn’t go this far.” 
“We must have done,” replied Claire, “We haven’t seen our rock marker yet.”
Then it suddenly dawned on them. They looked at each other and said simultaneously, “Oh no. The tide has come in!”  They had forgotten all about the tide that had now covered their marker rock and had wiped out the tracks in the sand. They sat down in the sand and Blanca ran circles around them. 
“Let’s get closer to the sand dune for cover,” said Jack, “just in case anyone does come we don’t want to be seen. 
So the twins moved up the beach to the sand dune and dug out a hole so they could all sit in it and look out over the top while remaining hidden from any smugglers. The sand up there was warm and as soon as Blanca jumped into the hole she turned around and around and settled down to sleep. The twins settled down to keep watch. The light of the full moon allowed them to see right down the beach; the lighthouse behind them continued its vigil; the pine forest was black against the bright sky and the waves rolled in at an even pace. Blanca snored. The twins continued to keep watch.
Suddenly Claire prodded Jack and whispered,” Look there’s a light in the trees over there.” They turned to look at the forest and could have sworn they saw a flashlight turning on and off. “It looks like a signal,” said Jack, “but it’s shinning out to sea.” Just then they saw an answering light out at sea.  “They must be sending messages to each other,” said Claire. “Let’s try and get a bit closer. Come on Blanca. Let’s go!”


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 15
Thierry, who had studied geography at school, knew all the symbols on ordnance survey maps and even though these symbols were not like the modern ones, they were close enough. He had been looking at the map while Aliénor grappled with the poem.  He had come to the conclusion that he knew the area very well indeed! “It is an ocean area, look at these symbols for the sea and the sand dunes,” he said as they all crowded around the map. “This building is a lighthouse and this could be a Château or a large building with a small chapel, and over here, in direct alignment with the other two, is the symbol for a windmill. Now what does that remind you of? The numbers appear to be compass point directions and that odd arrow hanging over the top of the map could be a constellation of stars. And the constellation appears to be pointing directly at the moulin. Thierry admitted it was an odd map. “It is unusual to mix terrestrial and celestial pointers on one map but perhaps that was done to confuse the reader into thinking that the map was useless, unless, of course, you knew what you were looking for. There must be something hidden in that moulin or nearby and, if the date of the map is genuine, then the windmill, or perhaps an even more ancient one must have been there as far back as the French Revolution.”
“What do you think those other numbers mean and that funny little box in the corner?” asked Jennifer. Thierry admitted he was confused about them. They didn’t seem to be references to compass points but did seem to be instructions of some sort. But, as they were written near the moulin, Thierry felt that they might become clear when they got near the building itself, but the little box was a mystery. 
“Perhaps we will solve the mystery of your ghost yet, Jennifer,” said Thierry. “Your aunt plays the piano well,” he continued but when he looked across to Jennifer she clearly had not heard him speak.
“What about the poem, Aliénor. Did you have any luck with that?” asked Jennifer.  Aliénor turned the map over and they all looked at the poem as she tried to analyse it. “Well, I am sure it’s about the revolution. There is a reference here to madame, which is surely the guillotine and the “aux armes” is part of the French national anthem which is very blood thirsty and calls for the citizens to arm themselves and form battalions against the enemy.  It was first sung at the time of the Revolution. I think whoever wrote this must have been quite brave because it seems to be saying how bloodthirsty things had become in Paris. If they had been caught writing something like this, they would surely have been guillotined by Robespierre’s revolutionary government.” 
“What’s the matter, Jenny?” asked Aliénor, “You look as though you have just seen your ghost. Jenny had gone very pale and when she spoke all she could say was, 
“Orion? Oh my god, why didn’t I see it before! Look at that tapestry on the wall over there. There is a scene just like the one you are describing – the lighthouse, the Château, the mill and hanging above them all is the constellation of Orion. And Aunty Izzy’s painting too! Wasn’t she trying to paint the stars above her landscape painting that also includes the same three buildings? It is as if we were all being guided toward the mill, by the tapestry, the painting and now by the map. What on earth can it all mean?”


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 16
1792:
Their journey down to the Atlantic coast had been uneventful and the twins and Jeanne began to think of it as an adventure. Their father and Charles decided that it would be safer to hide during the daytime in the deep forests they would pass through, and continue their journey under cover of night. They had abandoned the old furniture as soon as they left Paris but they remained in their dirty, coarse clothes and kept the canvas covers ready to hide the children and their mother. They knew that the further from Paris they were the safer they were, but they also realised that other major cities were in sympathy with the ideas of the Revolution so they had to avoid them. Charles had packed enough food for three or four days. They could wash and drink from streams and even risk stopping briefly at inns in very rural areas where they could pretend to be taking goods to market and pick up a few provisions and take care of the horses.
The children were grateful that they travelled by night because the weather was cooler then. They had skirted around Evry, Orleans and Blois not daring to enter these towns. As they approached Tours on the third night the weather seemed to be even hotter than in Paris, but it was very comfortable travelling by starlight. Their father was able to point out the major constellations. “Those three bright stars seem to be pointing us in the direction of the Chateau de la Grande Côte,” said Jacques and Céline together, and this they found comforting. 
On the fourth evening the family passed through Poitiers and knew that they were now very close to their chateau. The following day when they arrived on the wild Atlantic coast and drove through the huge iron gates of their own chateau they finally all felt safe. As soon as they arrived the children jumped out of the cart and ran all around the chateau. Everything was as they remembered it. There was the courtyard with the old well in the centre, the tiny chapel with a bell tower, the stables and tiny buildings for other animals then the house itself. At each corner of the building there was a pretty little turreted room on the third floor. The salons and kitchen were on the ground floor, the bedrooms and their father’s study were on the second floor, Jeanne, being the eldest, had been allowed to have a tiny bedroom in one of the towers. Everything was just as the children remembered.
The children ran up the stairs to their own rooms to find their clothes arranged on their beds. They changed out of their horrible rough rags glad they would never have to see them again, and into their normal simple cotton clothes. Jeanne rushed up to her little room at the top of the chateau, flung open the balcony door and breathed in deeply the cool salty sea air. She could see the Atlantic Ocean from her tiny room and knew that at night she would take comfort in the gently flashing beacon of the lighthouse. She looked at herself in her mirror and was horrified to see how dirty her face looked and how wild her red hair had become after her journey from Paris.
When they had washed and had something to eat the children decided to go down to the ocean while their parents and the servants who had come with them opened up the house. The beach was a symbol of freedom to them all. “At least the sea cannot be forced to accept Robespierre’s bloody Revolution,” said their father at dinner that night as their parents drank a champagne toast to freedom. Everybody stood up and said in loud and emotional voices, “To freedom!”


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 17
Jack and Claire crept quietly toward the light, staying close to the sand dune and holding onto Blanca who seemed surprisingly quiet as if she knew she mustn’t bark. They could see the light flashing on and off and thought they could see something out to sea where the other light had been.
“Let’s get closer,” whispered Claire.
“OK. I hope Blanca keeps quiet,” replied Jack.
“Don’t worry about her. I’m holding her tight. She can’t escape.”
“Do you think those men are dangerous,” asked Jack, the first sign of fear in his voice.
“Probably,” replied Claire,” But we are not going to fight them are we. We just want to see what they are doing and follow them if possible.”
“We can run back to the lighthouse and get Uncle Bernard’s help, if we need to can’t we?” said Jack with a slight quiver in his voice.
The flashlight suddenly swept round in their direction and the twins fell to the ground and froze. Blanca was squashed under Claire but she only gave a slight whimper as if to say. “Ouch that hurt!” The twins kept their heads down as the torch flashed around the beach in a circle.
Someone yelled “OK” and three men suddenly ran down to the water’s edge. A small boat had come in from the sea right down to the edge of the sand where it was beached. Two men jumped out of the boat and joined the three others. Altogether the five men heaved the boat out of the water and began to pull it up onto the beach. The first few metres were easy, but as they reached dry sand the men found it increasingly difficult to haul the boat toward the forest. Two of them grabbed the rope that was attached to the prow of the boat and began to pull from the front; the other three men went to the back to push. They succeeded in getting the boat a little further forward just enough to get to the top of the sand dune and, as they did the boat suddenly tilted forward and slid right into the clearing where the twins had seen the other tracks stop. The men stood around panting and trying to get their breath back. Claire and Jack crept closer. They popped their heads over the last dune with only a few mounds of grass between themselves and the smugglers.
The clearing was illuminated with the lights of a small truck, and there, in the middle, was the boat. It was small, a simple rowing boat. The outboard engine had been left at the water’s edge in order to make the boat lighter. It was painted in red and blue and had the name Roi de Royan painted on the side and a few numbers that were difficult to read as the paint had chipped off, but they definitely ended in 17. A tarpaulin covered half the area and the children imagined the other half was where the two boatmen had been seated. The men stood near the truck smoking and talking in hushed whispers. When they had finished their cigarettes they began to unload the little boat. Each took two boxes and placed them in the back of the truck. The boxes must have been heavy as the men seemed to stagger when they lifted them. After a few minutes the boat was empty and the five men were retracing their steps and pushing the boat back to the water. It was much easier to get the boat back into the sea now that it was empty. Three of the men attached the outboard motor, got into the rowing boat, started the engine and disappeared out to sea. 
The other two men watched until the boat was a tiny speck just visible in the moonlight, and then returned to the truck. The two stood next to the truck and lit another cigarette each. They were talking in low voices as Jack crept as close as he dared. He overheard a few words but only understood two, “OK” and “moulin” the rest of the conversation being in French, he could not understand at all.
The men got in the truck and drove slowly through the forest to what the children now knew must be a fairly big road running parallel to the beach. Probably the same road Aunt Izzy had used when she drove so recklessly up to the house on that first night. Claire and Jack relaxed and let Blanca go free. Then they both stood up to stretch their legs. 
“That was a close thing,” said the twins together and began to laugh out loud as the dog jumped around their feet barking.
Just as they were about to turn round, they each felt a large hand clutch their shoulder and spin them both round together. They were looking straight into the face of Uncle Bernard, and he looked very angry indeed!


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 18
The Three Musketeers had crept out of the house having decided that the only way to unravel the mystery of the windmill was to go back there and attempt to get inside. They had their torches and some water and there was enough moonlight to follow the trail of stones they had left that afternoon. They felt confident that they would find the windmill again but knew this time, if they were to find any clues they must get inside the building. Jenny had the key in her pocket and Thierry had the map.
As they crossed the garden Jenny looked up at the sky and, to her surprise, there right above her was Orion pointing the route they would take. She was beginning to find the constellation strangely comforting like the flash of the great lighthouse. They quickly found their way through the forest and their little mounds of white marker stones were clearly visible every few metres.
After walking for about forty minutes they were again at the clearing they had been to that afternoon. The moulin was lit by the strong moonlight and they could see the little door into the underground room that they had opened earlier in the day. They went straight to it this time and Thierry pushed it open into the room. He stuck his head through the space and shone his torch around the room.
“Come on,” he said, “we can get inside easily enough. There doesn’t seem to be much down there but I can just see another door at the top of a few steps.”
The Three Musketeers scrambled in through the tiny door helping each other to jump down to floor level. They each shone their torches around the room. What they saw was a circular stone room with an old sink in one corner and lots of dust and cobwebs. A few steps led to another door. They climbed up and were quickly through the door into another circular room with a tiny window at one side and a large solid looking door at the other. They tried to turn the huge iron handle but could not move the door at all. 
“Let’s try the key,” said Jenny, getting it out of her pocket. The key fitted and turned easily in the lock but even with all three of them pushing the door it would not budge. They heaved and heaved and eventually the great oak door gave way a little. They continued to push and it creaked and groaned and finally opened and sent them tumbling outside and onto the mound at the top of a small flight of stone steps that led to the base of the mound and the small room they had just been in.
“This must be the door I felt from the outside,” said Jenny. “Look the vines have all been cut and then stuck back on to make it look as though the door hasn’t been open for years! Well if we come back again at least we can come in through the main door.”
“Let’s go back inside and explore the rest of the windmill,” said Aliénor.
They pulled the heavy old door shut and Jenny locked it with her key.
“Well, looks like it was moulin, Thierry, and not moutard or mouton!” Jenny laughed and Thierry pretended to punch her on the nose.
The stairs inside the windmill wound around the stonewall up to the next level. Where they went through the ceiling there was a gap and, as each level had a gap in the ceiling at the same place, it was possible, from any point on the staircase, to see right up into the top of the roof. There were heavy wooden beams all crisscrossing one another and forming the support for the conical tiled roof. A huge wooden centre boss hung down from the very centre of the cone and onto that had been carved a rustic head placed so that the face leered down on the children as they looked up. Thierry shone his flashlight right up into the pointed roof space.
“Wow! This is an amazing building, almost as good as the lighthouse but not half so high, of course.” exclaimed Thierry. “It just like the hull of a huge boat up there,” he said in admiration, “and look at that old face looking down as if to guard the roof.”
Aliénor decided that they should explore each floor carefully noting anything that might account for the peculiar set of numbers on the map. Thierry thought that it could all be to do with the mathematics of a circle but Jennifer thought it would be something unexpected but simple so that, if hiding something was the purpose, then it wouldn’t be too difficult to find it eventually.
Aliénor ,the most methodical of the three, decided to explore all possible references to numbers.
“Who’s got a pencil and paper? She asked. Jennifer had some paper but no pencil.
“Here, I’ve got a biro,” said Thierry. “OK Aliénor. Fire away!”
“OK let’s count everything from the basement up.” They went back into the tiny chamber that was partially underground. Aliénor shone her torch around the space and began counting. “You write it all down, Thierry.”  Aliénor started pacing the floor and Thierry looked at Jennifer winked and shrugged his shoulders.
“Twenty two stone slabs on the floor; one tiny window; one doorway to the upper floor, seven wooden ceiling beams. Got that?” said Aliénor.
“Got that!” replied Thierry in military fashion and saluted behind his sister’s back. Jennifer stifled a laugh.
“Good!”
They climbed the stairs to the first floor. Three flashlights lit up the space.
“Twenty two stone slabs on the floor; one tiny window; one doorway to the upper floor; seven wooden ceiling beams. Got that?”
“Got that!” Thierry said and saluted Jenny and made a funny face behind his sister’s back.
“Good!”
They climbed the steps to the second floor.
“Twenty two stone slabs on the floor; one tiny window; one doorway to the upper floor; seven wooden ceiling beams. Got that?”
“Got that!” Thierry and Jennifer said simultaneously. They were hardly able to contain their laughter. Thierry saluted again and Jennifer choked down a laugh.
“Good!” said all Three Musketeers simultaneously and roared with laughter. .
“OK,” said Aliénor, “They’re all the same. Every floor is the same. I should have known!”
“Still, that was a good idea,” said Jenny. “We must have missed something. Let’s go right down and do it in reverse.”
“That would just come out at seven, one, one, twenty two.” laughed Thierry.
“No! I didn’t mean that! There must be something else,” said Jenny. She almost ran down the stairs.
“Fifteen,” she shouted to the others who were following behind.
“Thirteen. Come on!”
“Eleven. That’s it! It’s the number of steps. In reverse that is eleven, thirteen, fifteen. The numbers on the map! Perhaps we are being told to go to the top floor, the roof.”
The Three Musketeers ran up the stairs and stood looking up at the conical roof and the amazing wooden roof beams.  Thierry turned in a circle in order to admire the engineering of the roof. It was then that he noticed the small hatch high up on the side of the roof. This was obviously an entrance into the protruding triangular shape that they had noticed from the outside of the moulin; the place where the sails would have been attached. “Of course,” he thought.” They would have needed to be able to access the sails if anything went wrong with them.
“It’s up there somewhere,” said Jenny.
“What?” asked Aliénor.
“I’ve got it!” cried Thierry.
Just then as they posed the all important question, the top floor of the moulin was illuminated by two flashing lights. 
“Shush! Someone’s coming,” said the girls. “Switch the torches off.”
“Car headlights.” whispered Thierry. “If we crouch down on the floor here, we can see all the way down to the basement floor. Maybe they will come into the Moulin.”
The two girls and Thierry peered over the edge waiting to see if anyone entered the windmill.   


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 19
Jacques and Céline had been coming to the Chateau de la Grande Côte since they were born in 1783.Their parents had inherited the chateau from an uncle just after Jeanne was born in 1780.They all liked the clean air and the freedom and the children loved being able to ride their ponies without their parents or even a servant accompanying them. In Paris they would have been unable to leave their house without an adult to look after them. All three were good riders and loved taking the horses down to the sea near the lighthouse or inland to the moulin. In the summer of 1792 it seemed particularly good to be free after the terrible things that had been happening in Paris. 
After two weeks the children had forgotten all about the terror in Paris and were looking forward to enjoying the warm sunny days by the sea. One morning they came downstairs dressed for riding and saw their mother sitting at her embroidery frame. It was good to see her in pretty dresses again and with her long blonde hair tied up, but the children felt that their mother was always sad these days when she had once been so happy. Before the revolution she had played the piano and sung to the children and the Parisian house always rang to the sound of her laughter.
“May we take the ponies to the sea today maman?” the twins asked together.
“It looks as if you have already decided to,” replied their mother, looking at their riding habit and smiling.
Jeanne looked over her mother’s shoulder at the beautiful tapestry she was making. There was the mill, the lighthouse and the chateau and all the peasants working in the fields.
“Was it really like that, maman?” asked Jeanne.
“Yes, many years ago. The moulin could still work today if we had enough people on the estate and the lighthouse must be kept working, of course, for the fishermen and sailors. It is fortunate that old Gerard loves his work so much and can think of nothing he would rather do than keep the light burning. Of course the damsel and the unicorn are not real. They symbolise purity, but she looks lovely do you not think, my dear?”
 “Yes maman, lovely. And the unicorn looks a little like Palome, except for the twisting horn, of course!”
Their mother looked up from her embroidery and gave a wave as the children walked through the huge oak door and into the bright sunlight. Jeanne helped Jacques and Céline take their animals from the stables and led them across the courtyard so they could go through the little stone gateway that would lead them in the direction of the ocean. They all mounted and walked the horses past the buildings. 
When they reached the edge of the forest Jeanne and the twins rode as fast as they could towards the sea. At the lighthouse they dismounted and tied the ponies to the wooden fence that surrounded Gerard’s cottage. They knocked on the window but heard the answer coming from the back of the cottage. The children ran around to where Gerard was working on his boat.
“Ah, bonjour mes amis,” he said.
“May we have some water for the animals?” asked Jeanne, who knew that water was precious because Gerard had no well and had to rely on saving rainwater.
“We won’t take too much,” Jacques and Céline said together
“You wait here and I will bring you some water,” said Gerard. The old man walked away to the back of his cottage and returned carrying a large wooden bucket full of water for the horses. “There you are my lovelies. We can’t let you go thirsty now can we,” he said as he stroked the ponies’ ears.
Gerard was an old man but still very active. He was very brown from the sea and the wind and had whiskers that made him look like an old sea captain. Jeanne always felt safe when she was with him.
“Did you have a good journey?” he asked Jeanne. The twins had gone running right down to the water’s edge and were taking their riding boots off so they could dip their toes in the sea.
“It was very difficult for papa and maman and, when we were passing Notre Dame we all thought we might be caught, but we were not! And we travelled at night and kept away from most of the cities.” she said.
“Well, you are safe now and will not have to return to Paris until the troubles are over and Robespierre himself has felt the blade of madame la guillotine!”
Jeanne shivered, “But papa has had to return to Paris to defend his right to own the house there,” she said looking frightened. “He was summoned two days ago. Maman told the twins that he has gone to a meeting of those opposed to the revolution in Bordeaux, the Girondins, and that he will be away for three or four days. Do you think he will be safe in Paris, Gerard?”
Gerard looked at Jeanne and thought it was difficult for a twelve-year-old girl to have these worries. “Oh I don’t doubt it,“ he said with a false jollity, “he has many good friends who will protect him and this time, now that he is alone, he will be able to travel faster. He will be back next week, you mark my words!”
Jeanne hoped he was right but she was worried that they may never see their father again. When they returned to the chateau she found her mother very upset and the servants trying to comfort her. The twins were sent up to get changed and did not realise that anything was wrong.
“What has happened maman? Have you heard from papa?”
“Yes,” cried her mother. “We must be very brave. I have received a letter from a faithful servant in Paris saying that papa has been found guilty of crimes against the revolution. For our own safety we have been advised to leave the chateau and seek refuge elsewhere. The citizens know we own the chateau, my dear, and they have sympathisers everywhere even near here. My sister, your Aunt Jacqueline, has a small town house in Bordeaux. She thinks we will be safe there and can disappear into the crowds of that city where nobody will know us. I hope she is right.”
“Oh maman!” cried Jeanne, will papa be guillotined?” She had a sudden vision of her papa riding on the dreadful tumbrils and having his head cut off while grinning, toothless old hags sat knitting. She could hardly bear the thought.
“I don’t know what will happen,“ replied maman, “but we must put some things in a trunk and leave tomorrow. And, Jeanne, I have a very special task for you before we leave.”
The servant had left now to pack for the family and prepare supper, so maman could speak to Jeanne without being overheard. “Before we left Paris your papa had this box made,” she said pointing to a small wooden casket. “It is not exactly as it seems,” she explained as she turned a small silver key in the lock and opened the rounded lid. 
Inside all Jeanne could see were some old letters and other documents, some red sealing wax, ribbon and quill pens made from pheasant feathers. Under these were two small bottles of black ink. He mother lifted out the contents and pulled out a small wooden peg. As soon as she did this a secret bottom drawer slid out revealing the true valuables in the casket. Jewels, that Jeanne had seen her mother wearing in Paris, and some gold coins.
“We must leave these for your papa. We will have Jacqueline’s help in Bordeaux. Papa has many friends who will help him and if he should escape from Paris he will need them. He will not be able to take anything valuable from our house in Boulevard St. Germain and if he arrives here he will still be in danger but, with these, he will be able to escape perhaps to Spain and then to England. And if, God willing, he arrives safely in England, he will send for us.”
“But what is the special task, maman?”
“When we leave here, Jeanne, the chateau will be left with only our most faithful servant Charles guarding it, with the help of Gerard at the lighthouse, of course. They can be trusted implicitly but we may have other servants who are spies for the revolution. You will cause less suspicion if you ride your pony one final time before we leave at dawn. If I ride out at a time like this it will cause great suspicion. We must tell no-one and then no-one will be hurt.” Jeanne listened to her mother and realised that she wanted her to hide the jewels.
“Jeanne, I want you to hide this box at the moulin and then leave a message for papa here at the chateau. Only you must know where you hide the box and the message. It is a grave responsibility and one that only you can achieve. You must leave immediately. Here is the box. Hide it under you riding cloak. And here is the key to the moulin. Don’t fail Jeanne. It could save papa’s life.” Josephine leaned over and kissed her daughter and then went to the piano to play the beautiful music her father loved so much.


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 20
The twins were seated on one side of the table with Uncle Bernard on the other side in the keeper’s cottage.
“Well, Jack and Claire, I think you have some explaining to do.”
“There were smugglers, we saw their signals and the boat!” they both cried out and Blanca woofed her agreement.
“Ok, let’s go a bit slower. I’ll ask the questions and you answer them.”
“Claire, what time did you leave your house tonight?”
“I don’t know exactly, Uncle Bernard, probably about 8.30 pm. It had just gone dark.”
“Jack, why did you come down to the beach when you should have been in bed looking after Blanca?”
“We came to find the smugglers,” answered Jack.
After about ten minutes of questioning the twins, Uncle Bernard had heard their whole story. They were sitting in the keeper’s cottage drinking mugs of hot cocoa and Blanca was snoozing by the fire Uncle Bernard had lit to keep the cottage warm. After such a hot day it always felt very cold when the sun went down.
“And you say, Jack, the only two words you understood were OK and moulin, is that correct?
“Yes Sir,” said Jack rather worried that Uncle Bernard seemed to be conducting a police interview rather than just talking to them.
“Well it’s not much to go on if we are to catch the smugglers red handed, are you sure there weren’t any other clues?”
“I remember something!” exclaimed Claire. “The boat was red and blue and had a name on the side R.o.i de R.o.y.a.n.” Claire had spelled out the name because she couldn’t say it.
“Good girl,” said Uncle Bernard, “that will be very helpful. Royan is a town near here that has a big marina. We should be able to trace the boat easily enough from your description.”
Jack was annoyed that Claire was being praised. After all he had overheard what could turn out to be the most important clue of all - the moulin. 
“Do you think the smugglers were taking the whisky to the moulin to hide it?” he said trying to get the centre of attention back to himself.
“What makes you think they were smuggling whisky?”
“Well that’s what started it all off,” replied Jack. We found a bottle of whisky on the beach and some tracks leading to a clearing so we decided to come back and follow the smugglers.”
“I think the whisky was a red fish,” said Uncle Bernard.
“Red herring,” giggled Claire.
“Well isn’t a herring a fish?” 
“Yes.”
“Well then, a red fish.”
The twins giggled. They didn’t think they could explain to Uncle Bernard the difference between a red fish and a red herring!
“Don’t you think they were smuggling whisky?” asked Claire.
“No, I think they had much bigger fish to fry.” laughed Uncle Bernard. “One of the reasons I have been posted here is to look out for smugglers. The police in Paris have long suspected a drug smuggling ring is operating off the coast here and I have been sent to keep an eye on all things fishy.”
“Drug smuggling!” the twins gasped missing Uncle Bernard’s little joke.
“Real drug smugglers?” asked Jack and Claire together.
“Yes, these are very dangerous men who would think nothing of getting rid of anyone who stood in their way, even two innocent children.”
“Have you finished your cocoa? Good, then we know where we must go next. Don’t we?”
“The moulin?” asked the twins their voices quivering.
“The moulin. Let’s go!” he said picking up his mobile phone and taking a small pistol from a locked cupboard and putting it in his pocket.


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 21
The Three Musketeers lay squashed together on their stomachs with their heads popping over the stairwell on the top floor. They heard a heavy door creak open and saw two men enter through the door that had been disguised with ivy. They were carrying flashlights but the moonlight shone through the open door and lit up the whole area. The three children gazed down on the top of the heads of the two men. “La-bas” one of them said pointing to the small door that led down to the basement. “OK” answered the other. They kicked the door and went down the steps to the basement. “Parfait.”
The two men then returned the way they had come and began to unload boxes into the basement area. There were ten boxes in all and when they were all stacked they covered them with an old tarpaulin they had brought from the van. 
The Musketeers could only see part of this operation. Every time the men came near the bottom of the steps they could see them but they were stacking the boxes on the other side of the small room so they could only guess what was happening. 
After about twenty minutes of hard work the men seemed to have finished and, sitting on the steps to catch their breath they lit up cigarettes. The three froze. What if the men looked up? They were certain to see the children and if the moved even a bit, they would be heard. They all breathed very slowly indeed.
The smoke filtered up through the stairwell and Jenny felt her nose tingle from the smell. “Oh no!” she thought, “I can’t sneeze!” She looked at the others but could hardly see them in the dark. 
The Three Musketeers had been lying on their stomachs for about thirty minutes and were beginning to get very stiff and their necks were aching as they looked over the precipice and down the stairwell. They all wished that the two smugglers would disappear.
Suddenly disaster struck! Thierry’s earring came loose and fell off. He held his breath hoping that the men wouldn’t notice but even he heard the tinkling sound as it bounced on the steps and landed at the smugglers’ feet. 
The men immediately sprang into action. “Who’s there?” one of the men shouted. They quickly turned round and knelt on the step they had been sitting on. One shone a powerful flashlight up the stairwell into the faces of the children, while the other pulled a gun and aimed it straight above his head towards them.
The three began to move in an attempt to stand up but one of the men yelled, “Stay where you are!” The three froze in fear as the smuggler with the gun mounted the stairs. As he got near the top he ordered them to stand up and move to the wall. They tried but all had pins and needles in their legs and found it hard to move. ”Move!” he shouted, pointing a gun at them. He climbed onto the platform where the children had been lying and stood at the top of the stairs while the other man came up with the flashlight and some rope and tape that they had brought to cover the smuggled goods.
As the man with the torch began to tie their hands and feet the other man fired lots of questions at them. Thierry being the eldest decided to answer for them all. He told them the whole story, that they were looking for buried treasure in the moulin and that no one knew where they were. He admitted they had lied to their parents to cover their tracks. The man with the gun laughed. “So you thought you would have an adventure. Well you are having one now!” 
The children were frightened as the man told them that they would be far away out of the country long before anyone realised that the children were missing and started a search. 
Before they went downstairs the men put tape across the children’s mouths so they couldn’t talk or scream, and then pushed them together against the rounded wall of the room where they lay in a helpless heap all tied up with rope like Christmas packages. “If only we had told the twins of our plans,” they all thought. 
They lay there, the only light coming from the full moon and listened to the men drive away.


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 22
Jeanne took the large key from her mother’s hand and put on her riding cloak. She held the box under her cloak so it could not be seen and then, as soon as a servant returned to the room, she made her excuse.
“Maman, may I ride Palome one last time before we leave? I won’t stay out long.”
Her mother closed the lid of the piano gently “Very well, Jeanne, but be back in one hour we have much to do.”
Jeanne kissed her mother and left.
She rode as fast as she could through the forest toward the old moulin. She struggled to open the door with the large key but, eventually, it gave way. She raced up the stairs counting them as she went; something she had always done. “Eleven!” “Thirteen!” “Fifteen!”She had reached the top. There she put the casket on the floor and went down one flight to get the old wooden ladder that was standing against a wall. She had difficulty carrying it up the next flight of stairs but finally managed. 
She positioned the ladder so that it was secured against one of the high roof beams and then climbed to the top and pushed at the wooden panel. It wouldn’t budge. She pushed again. She knew it came off because that was the way into the part where the sail mechanism was housed and she had seen servants go up through the triangular shaped door space to repair the wooden panels.  Just as she was about to give up she felt the wooden panel shift a little. She pushed again and this time it slid across and left a hole big enough for her to crawl inside.
It was dark but sunlight filtered in through the conical roof where the tiles did not quite fit. The space was empty and there was no obvious hiding place. She could see a large metal bolt which came through into the space where she crouched, and under it, an inspection panel. It was a small shelf with a pull down hatch but it was big enough to hide the box. She crawled across the floor to the hiding place and placing the small silver key in the lock opened the box and took one last look at its contents. How she would have loved to see her mother wearing the jewellery that was hidden inside but she knew it had to remain here in order to save her papa. She closed the lid but just as she was about to lock the box, the tiny key slipped out of her had and disappeared under one of the thick wooden floorboards. 
Tears of frustration welled up in her eyes. She knew that she would not be able to retrieve it easily and that she was in a hurry. “Oh well,” she reasoned, trying to calm herself, “Perhaps it is better that the box is unlocked. It will make it easier for Papa and I would have had to find another hiding place for the key anyway.” Jeanne leaned forward and placed the box inside the inspection hatch. When she had finished it was impossible to see that anything had changed and she felt sure nobody would come into this part of the mill now that it was no longer being used.
She climbed down the ladder and carried it down to the underground chamber where she placed it under some old crates. As she left the moulin she locked the door with the key, mounted Palome and rode as fast as she could back to the chateau.
He mother was waiting anxiously for her return. When Jeanne entered she said, ” Did you have a good ride?”
“Yes, maman,” Jeanne answered, “Very good. I will be in my room if you need me.”
But Jeanne did not go straight to her little bedroom. On the way up she passed her father’s study and went in. Lying open on his desk was his favourite book. Jeanne had seen him reading it often and knew it was his favourite book of poetry. His greatcoat was thrown over his leather chair and Jeanne felt very sad to think she may never see her father again and that he might be in such danger. But the coat and the book gave her an idea.
She knew he would come to his study if he returned safely and she felt sure if he had to leave the house secretly and at night he would wear his greatcoat. She would leave a coded message for her father telling him where she had hidden the box.
She took the book to her small room and locked the door. She would not be disturbed. As she opened the book a sheet of paper fell out. On one side her father had begun to write a poem. The other side of the sheet was blank. Perfect! If her father decided to continue the poem he would see her message. In any case she felt sure that he would take the book with him especially if she put it into his greatcoat pocket.
She read the poem which seemed to be about the horrible events in Paris but she did not really understand poetry. She turned the sheet over to the blank side and decided that she would draw a map. She worked quickly marking out the chateau, the lighthouse and the moulin as little drawings like she had seen on the proper maps her tutor in Paris had shown her. She knew she couldn’t say exactly where she had hidden the casket, or sign her map, so she would have to invent codes that her papa would quickly decipher. 
She drew a small casket in one corner and drew in the compass points that she had learned from old Gerard at the lighthouse.  This, she felt, would make it seem like a genuine map. How could she point to the moulin? Papa might think the casket was at the lighthouse or the chateau! Then she remembered her mother’s tapestry and the stars that pointed to the moulin. She would copy that. She carefully drew in the star constellation making sure that the arrow part pointed to the moulin. She then added the number of the stairs in the top right hand corner of the map, near the sign for the moulin.These numbers would be meaningless unless you had counted the steps as she and her papa had when they first came to the ocean in happier times. He had chased her to the top of the stairs counting each flight and making a game of mathematics for the little girl. Would he remember? She prayed that he would.
When she had finished she folded the paper into eight segments so that the map was on the outside, this she thought would catch his attention. She then placed it in his favourite book and put it in the inner pocket of his greatcoat. She then placed the key to the moulin in the opposite pocket and carried the coat to the carved wooden armoire in the corner of his room.   
When she had finished she went to talk to her mother. “Maman, you have not quite finished the tapestry, I know, but could we leave it in papa’s study. You know how he likes your work. It would be a sort of gift from us when he returns?”
He mother looked at her realising that this was no ordinary request. “Of course, Jeanne You may leave it for papa if you think he would like it.”
“Thank you maman,” said Jeanne as she hurriedly left the room passing a servant who was bringing a light supper for the children.
“Hurry back for your supper,” Jeanne, “and bring the twins down with you.”
Jeanne ran up to her father’s study and placed the tapestry on his desk. She felt sure that this would not be noticed by a servant but would alert her father if he returned. She did not really know how her system of signs would work, but she felt that she had to try to help her papa.
The next morning Charles drove the twins, Jeanne and maman in their carriage as far as the outskirts of Bordeaux. There they were transferred to Aunt Jacqueline’s carriage and taken to the town centre and the house they would live in until they could return safely to Paris or the Chateau de la Grande Côte. None of their servants, not even Charles, knew where they were going. It was safer that way. 


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 23
“Can’t we just go home again, Uncle Bernard?” asked the twins.
“I’m afraid not. “I do not want to wake up Isabelle and the other three children and I don’t want to leave you here alone with these dangerous men about. If we don’t go quickly the smugglers might escape.” 
He could see that the twins looked frightened. “Don’t worry,” he said, “you will be perfectly safe. “I won’t let anything happen to you.”
The twins couldn’t see how he could guarantee their safety but he was a policeman and they thought he must know what he was doing. 
“We will have to hurry. It will take us at least twenty minutes to get to the moulin, even if we are very fast. Can you both run well?”
“Yes!” said the twins and set off after Uncle Bernard who was walking very quickly.
Uncle Bernard decided to leave Blanca sitting near the fire and guarding the lighthouse. He said she had had enough excitement for one day.
The twins would quite like to have stayed with Blanca but as Uncle Bernard had said, perhaps that would be dangerous and anyway they would be able to identify the smugglers. To tell the truth the twins were quite excited to be on a real adventure!
Uncle Bernard had a large flashlight that lit up the ground ahead of them and they could see the forest quite well anyway with the moonlight. He knew the way to the moulin, which the twins thought odd. Why hadn’t he told the others how to find it?  They thought they would ask him when the smugglers had been caught, but for the time being they were running to keep up with him.
When they got to the moulin, Uncle Bernard whispered to the twins to lie down behind the bushes at the edge of the clearing so that they could not be seen. “Wait here,” he said, “and don’t make a sound. I’ll be back in a minute.”
They saw Uncle Bernard crouch very low and then run across the clearing. He circled the base of the windmill and, when he came back to the side the twins were on, he had his hand on the pocket where his gun was. The twins thought this was just like watching television when the criminals were being surrounded by the police and forced to surrender. Only there was only one policeman, no sign of the criminals and it wasn’t television. IT WAS REAL!
Uncle Bernard ran back to the twins keeping very low to the ground. He whispered that he had seen car tracks and he felt sure that the criminals had been here earlier.
They would just have to wait and see what would happen. Uncle Bernard felt that he needed to get inside the moulin before the smugglers returned. He told the twins that he was going to get into the underground floor by climbing in through the tiny door he had seen. He told them that they had a very important job to do. They must keep very quiet and watch out for the return of the smugglers or any other person who came near the windmill. They were not to move from their place but make a mental note so that they could describe the criminals or their vehicles when the time came. Uncle Bernard gave Claire a piece of paper and a pencil, so that she could write down car number plates or type of car and he gave Jack a torch but told him to only use it in an emergency. The moon would be bright enough to write by and so the twins settled down behind the bushes to wait.
The twins could see that he had managed to get inside the moulin, even though the door looked very small and Uncle Bernard was very large. They could see his flashlight moving around the basement chamber when it flashed past the glass panel in the door.
Claire and Jack realised that they had not had anything to eat now for a few hours and they suddenly felt quite peckish. They took out their tarts. They were squashed but very tasty, quite delicious in fact. As they were licking the fruit from their mouths they heard the sound of an approaching vehicle.
“Oh no!” whispered Claire, “It hasn’t got its head lights on. Uncle Bernard won’t see it. We must warn him somehow.”
“He told us to stay put,” said Jack in a low voice. “We should do as we are told and try to get the car number and a description of the smugglers.”
“Well we can’t do that from here,” answered Claire, “they have stopped on the other side of the clearing. You stay here. I’m going to creep around to the car and see if I can get the number. The moon is bright enough so I won’t need the torch.”
Claire crept around the clearing under cover of the bushes, until she was just behind the vehicle. She thought it was blue but it was quite hard to see colour properly by moonlight. She made a note: a Citroën, and there was a name too, Largo, the number was 6893 HB 17. There were two men who had left the car and were heading toward the tiny door Uncle Bernard had gone through.
She could not write a description of the men except that they were both tall and thin and wearing all dark clothing. One of them was smoking a cigar possibly as it had very strong smell. Claire crept back to Jack.
“There are two of them,” whispered Claire. “Poor Uncle Bernard he can’t fight two men.”
“We will have to help him,” said Jack, “if we can sneak up behind them we might surprise them.”
“OK said Claire. Let’s get closer to the door and see if we can see inside.” 
When the Three Musketeers heard Uncle Bernard come in through the door of the basement they froze. Were these the smugglers returned or possibly their accomplices come to take the goods to Paris? They could see the flashlight circling around but could not see him. He had found the smuggled goods in the underground chamber but wanted to be sure that there was nothing else in the upper floors. He climbed each floor slowly and examined each one. When he reached the top he stepped up and didn’t see the three children bound and gagged against the curved wall until he swung his light around the room.
When the three realised it was Uncle Bernard they started wriggling and making as much noise as they could. He shone the light onto a huddled heap of the three children whose hands and feet were tied with rope and mouths taped up. “Mon Dieu!” he uttered and immediately set to work to free them. He took off their gags first so they could speak while he was untying the ropes that bound their hands and feet.
Thierry told his uncle exactly what had happened and also that he thought someone would be back for the smuggled goods. Uncle Bernard worked quickly and freed them all in just a few minutes. 
“We must be prepared for the criminals to return tonight,” said Uncle Bernard and, almost before the words were spoken they heard a noise like footsteps on the gravel path around the moulin and could smell the pungent aroma of cigars. He turned off his torch and had his gun ready. He signalled to the children to be very quiet and lie down on the floor as if still tied up, just in case the smugglers came up to check on their captives. Then Uncle Bernard went to the opposite side of the room and stood just near the top of the staircase where the smuggler’s head would appear if they climbed the stairs.
They heard some muffled voices and the creaking of the basement door as it opened. Uncle Bernard was surprised that they hadn’t seen any car headlights. The criminals must have turned them off as they approached. He hoped the twins would do as he had told them and stay out of sight.  
The men had gone to check where the consignment had been placed and began the work of loading up their vehicle. Although there were only ten boxes they were heavy and it took them a long time to finish. When they had, they stopped for a cigarette and then Uncle Bernard heard them say that they would go and check on the interfering brats and make sure that they were still bound and gagged. He signalled to the three to be prepared and then waited for the man to mount the stairs.
Jack and Claire peered in at the small, glass door pane and saw the smugglers looking at the pile of boxes. They were not the men they had seen at the beach. This was obviously a big operation with many men involved. These men began moving the boxes closer to the small door in preparation for loading them into the van. 
Claire signalled to Jack to follow her as she crept round the moulin to their car. When they were far enough from the door so as not to be heard Claire said, “We should let their tyres down and then they won’t be able to escape.” Jack thought this was a good idea but didn’t know how to do it. “Don’t you just unscrew those little rubber things?” said Claire. “It’s worth a try anyway.” So Jack and Claire went round each tyre and unscrewed the little caps as they had seen their father do when he was pumping up his tyres at the garage. They waited for a few minutes but nothing seemed to happen. Just as they were wondering what else they could do to stop the smugglers one of them walked towards the car. Jack and Claire darted behind a bush and watched the man open the boot then go back to the small door where his accomplice was ready to hand out the boxes. It was obviously heavy work for two men and Jack and Claire had to wait a long time crouching behind the bush. When they had finished they decided to go back into the moulin and verify that they had loaded everything and have a cigarette. The twins saw the red tips of their cigarettes light up every now and then behind the glass pane.
“Maybe Uncle Bernard has hidden higher up in the mill,” whispered Jack, “perhaps he will be safe after all.”
All of a sudden they heard a tremendous commotion. “Let’s go!” the both said and ran toward the basement window.
Uncle Bernard waited with his gun raised above his head. When the first man climbed into the room where the Musketeers were pretending to be tied up, Bernard grabbed him from behind and shoved him onto the floor. The three children immediately rushed up to help Uncle Bernard and the two girls sat on the smuggler so he couldn’t move. Thierry threw them the ropes they had been tied with and Aliénor and Jennifer began to tie the smuggler’s hands and feet.
The second man, following several paces behind, heard the noise and began to run down stairs. Claire and Jack lay in wait at the bottom of the stairs holding a rickety wooden ladder they had found propped against the wall. This was the only likely looking weapon the twins could find. As the second man reached the bottom Jack thrust the ladder in front of his feet and he fell head over heels to the stone floor. Claire and Jack began hitting him as he tried to stand up again but, by then, Uncle Bernard and Thierry were there and subdued the man who was already dazed from his fall. 
“Thierry!” shouted the twins, “What are you doing here?”
At the same time Thierry said, “What are you two doing here?”
“Thierry, put these handcuffs on him,” said Uncle Bernard who was pointing his gun at the man. “I’m going to call the local gendarmerie for backup.”
With that he pulled his mobile phone from his top pocket and explained everything to the gendarmes. He knew their names and had been working with them all summer to try to capture the criminal gang and their contraband.
“OK,” he said when he had finished talking on his mobile, “they will be here soon.”
Jennifer and Aliénor came down into the basement when they had finished tying up their criminal. The two girls and the twins were equally surprised to see each other.
When the police arrived Uncle Bernard told them briefly what had happened and how helpful all the children had been. He asked for a lift in the police car back to the Château and told the police they could interview them all after they had had a good night’s sleep. The criminals could spend the rest of the night in the police cells.
Back at the house Aunty Izzy was sitting in front of her painting drinking a cup of coffee when they all burst in. She jumped up and ran to Uncle Bernard and gave him a hug, “I’ve finished the painting!” she cried and then suddenly realised that it was the middle of the night and they had all just come in from outside.
“Where have you all been? You look exhausted. Sit down and I’ll make you all a cup of tea.”
Uncle Bernard and the children all spoke at once and Aunty Izzy had a great deal of trouble understanding them. She finally understood that the children had set out on an adventure and that, with their help, Uncle Bernard had managed to catch the smugglers that he had been sent from Paris to track down.
It was only when they were sitting snuggly beside the log fire drinking mugs of tea that she said, “But why were you three in the moulin? I thought it was the twins who were looking for smugglers?”
“We were,” said the twins, “but we thought we were looking for whisky smugglers not drug smugglers.”
It was then that the Three Musketeers suddenly realised that, in all the excitement of the real adventure, they had forgotten about their purpose in going to the mill.
“The map!” they all shouted at once. 
“Thierry, just before the car arrived at the moulin you said, “”I’ve got it!”” what did you mean?” asked Aliénor.
Thierry smiled and said, “If there is a treasure, I know where it is hidden.” Everyone stared at him in amazement. 
“Well tell us!” said Jennifer and Aliénor in unison. 
“WHAT TREASURE?” shouted the twins at the top of their voices.
Thierry told them that, if the treasure existed at all, he thought it would be hidden in the triangular space at the top of the windmill where the sails used to fit. 
The Three Musketeers explained how the map that Jenny and the twins had found in an old coat in the armoire on the second floor and the key to the moulin had started them on their search for 18th century treasure. That was why they had been at the mill in the first place. The twins were annoyed that Jenny had not told them what they planned to do. 
“Well you were having your own adventure,” laughed Jenny, “looking for whisky smugglers!”
“Well I never!” exclaimed Aunt Izzy.”So you have all been having your own adventures. And I thought I had been having all the excitement this evening solving my painting.”


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 24
Next morning Uncle Bernard came to the Château, as they were now calling it, with Blanca. They all had breakfast together and waited for the police to arrive. 
“Do you think we will have to tell the police about the buried treasure?” asked Jennifer.
“No,” replied Uncle Bernard, “It has nothing to do with the smugglers and there may not even be a treasure. When the police have finished with their forensics we will all be able to return to the moulin together.
The children answered all the police questions. They gave what descriptions they could and the twins were able to say that the two men at the moulin were definitely not the men at the beach. The others were able to confirm that the two men who had tied them up were not the same two who arrived at night to move the contraband to Paris.
The police thanked them all and said that, with their help they, and Uncle Bernard, would be able to break the drug smuggling ring that was working from Paris and using the isolated Atlantic sea coast as their dropping point. They had already traced the boat that the twins had seen on the beach.
Late in the afternoon when the police team had finished at the mill they all decided to return and test Thierry’s theory. Uncle Bernard and Aunty Izzy thought it highly unlikely that any treasure would have survived for over two hundred years, always supposing that the map really was from the early 1790s. It certainly looked old, but without proper scientific dating tests, they could not be sure.
They climbed to the top of the windmill taking the old wooden ladder with them. As they reached the top floor Thierry placed the ladder below the triangular panel where the sail mechanism would have been. He climbed to the top of the roof space and pushed the triangular door. Nothing happened. “It must open,” he said, and pushed again. This time the panel shifted and he could see into the dark space. He stepped off the top rung of the ladder into the small black space. 
“Can you see up there?” asked Aunty Izzy. 
“Yes, there are chinks of light where the roof tiles don’t quite fit. But the space is empty.” Just then he saw the small inspection panel. 
“I can see something,” he called to the others. He crawled across the floor to the little panel and pulled it down. “There’s a box or something in here,” he said. He took the small casket and climbed down the stairs.
“The treasure!” he said.
Everyone gathered around while Thierry opened the lid. “Look,” he said, “there’s a keyhole but it’s not locked.”
They looked inside at the old sheets of papers, letters and quill pens. “It’s just a writing case,” exclaimed Aliénor “No treasure at all.”
“Let’s take the documents out,” said Uncle Bernard, “Maybe there is something hidden underneath them.”
But there was nothing more in the box. Suddenly Claire spoke, “The box is too thick.”
“She’s right,” said Uncle Bernard.  “There must be a false bottom. You will make a first class detective young lady.” Jack was furious.
Aunty Izzy looked at the box. “If there is treasure I guess that whoever should have come back to get it didn’t make it.”
Thierry pulled the little wooden peg and the bottom drawer slid open. They all gasped. Inside were five pieces of jewellery and some gold coins. There were two necklaces in diamonds and pearls and three gold rings with emeralds and rubies.
“Wow!” said Jennifer and Aliénor.
“Cool!” said the twins.
“How very sad,” said Aunty Izzy, who seemed to be lost in thought, “I suppose Jeanne and the twins did not see their papa again.”
They all looked at her as if she had gone quite mad. “What did you say?” asked Uncle Bernard.
“Oh nothing, I was just daydreaming.”
But Jennifer understood what her aunt had said and suddenly remembered the story she had been reading. Could it possibly be that she and the twins were somehow bringing their ancient story to life, by having a summer holiday at the old Château? 
When they got back to the Château they decided to look at Aunty Izzy’s painting. She had painted a young girl on a horse riding through the forest toward the now finished windmill.
“Who is she?” asked the twins.
“I don’t know. I just felt I had to paint her and when I did, I found that I could finish the windmill too. She helped me to finish my painting.”
Jenny suddenly remembered the tapestry in her room. She had intended to show it to her Aunt but in all the excitement of adventuring with Thierry and Aliénor she had forgotten. “Wait a minute. I’ve got something to show you,” said Jenny as she ran off to her room.
She returned and placed the tapestry on the table. They all stood around looking at it. “Apart from all the people, the hunters and knights in armour, and the damsel with the unicorn it looks just like your painting, Aunty Izzy,” said Jennifer.
“Well bless me, so it does. If you take out all the farming activity and just concentrate on the shapes, it is very similar. It even has the constellation of Orion pointing to the mill, just like my painting. But the tapestry isn’t finished,” replied her Aunt. “Look, there in the bottom right hand corner. The picture is blocked in faintly, a young girl on a horse, but it has not been embroidered. I wonder why it was left unfinished?” she said dreamily running her hand over the tapestry. Jennifer looked at the tapestry and remembered the girl on the beautiful palomino horse who had faded away before her eyes and then appeared in the mirror. She felt she knew that girl with her red hair and wondered what had happened to her that she came back to haunt their holiday. Her reverie was interrupted by Thierry’s voice.“Well at least your painting is finished. Maybe you were finishing the story for them.”
“Will we have to give the treasure to the police?” while they all looked at the tapestry Jack had been thinking of jewels.
“Well Jack, we will have to tell the authorities but, if nobody claims it, and I don’t think that is likely after such a long time, you will probably be able to keep it,” answered Uncle Bernard, “but it might takes months before we know for sure.”
Uncle Bernard took hold of Blanca and reminded them that they were invited to his birthday party at the lighthouse tomorrow evening. “We have a lot to celebrate,” he said as he left. 


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 25
The last day of their holiday was warm and sunny and they all wanted to spend as much time as possible on the beach. Aunty Izzy and Jennifer packed a picnic basket and they all walked down together past the lighthouse and onto the sand near the water’s edge. 
The twins spent their time in and out of the water and then decided to help Thierry with the boat. Uncle Bernard, he told them, was preparing the party.
Isabelle, Jennifer and Aliénor decided to go for a walk along the beach and, as they did, enjoying the warm sun on their backs, Jennifer asked her Aunt whether painting was always a mystery.
“What do you mean by a mystery?” asked her Aunt 
“Well, I thought that artists would plan a painting and know exactly how it would turn out before they began, but your painting didn’t seem to work like that,” said Jennifer.
“Oh! No. It’s never like that,” replied her Aunt. “Sometimes it is particularly difficult, like this painting. I really did feel that someone was guiding me sometimes, and stopping me from continuing at other times! But usually I begin with an idea and then just let the painting develop as I am making it. The finished painting is always a surprise to me. Sometimes when I look back at it, I can’t even remember painting it. In that sense it really is a mystery.”
“Will you start another painting now?” asked Aliénor.
“I hope so. Sometimes when you have finished a painting you feel that you may never be able to begin again. It’s quite scary. But some idea always crops up and you do begin again. I’ve got the Château until November so I hope to paint many more landscapes.”
“I wish we could come back again. We have all had the best time, said Jenny.
“Well I’ll be here at half-term, but who knows, perhaps you will get a better offer.”
“I think we should all go back to the Château now and get dressed for the party,” said Aunty Izzy.


<<<<<>>>>>


CHAPTER 26
When they arrived at the lighthouse it was just dusk and the warm glow of the keeper’s cottage was very welcoming. When they entered they were greeted by a mass of fairy lights that Uncle Bernard had strung up all around the room and through the hull of the unfinished boat that dominated the room. The table lit by two large candelabra, had been placed at the centre of the room and was loaded with delicious looking food. There was a log fire too.
It looked as if Uncle Bernard had been at the fish market in Royan and bought as much delicious looking shellfish as he could find. The whole table had food laid out in the shape of a sailing boat. The hull and the sails were made of delicious looking salads, all green red and purple from the lettuce leaves, mini tomatoes and chopped beetroot.  The boat carried a huge mountain of prawns and langoustine in its net.  And underneath the boat, looking for all the world like the sea and the waves were oysters, still in their half shells. Uncle Bernard stood by the table with a huge grin on his face. “Well, what do you all think of my painting?” he laughed. “Maybe not as good as Isabelle’s but tastier, don’t you think?”
“How lovely and I just loves les hûitres, or oysters to you two,” she said as she tousled the twins hair.
“Hooray! It looks like Christmas.” cried the twins.
Uncle Bernard went into the kitchen and returned carrying a tray with seven glasses and in the centre a bottle of champagne. He opened the bottle so that the cork popped out and shot off up to the ceiling. Everyone laughed. He poured out a glass of champagne for all and half glasses for the twins who thought champagne tasted awful. Jennifer didn’t really like it either but she felt very sophisticated as she took a sip. 
“A toast to Uncle Bernard,” said Thierry.
“Uncle Bernard! Happy Birthday.” said everyone.
“ And a toast to a successful mystery! I have heard today that the rest of the gang of smugglers has been caught thanks to the efforts of the twins and the Three Musketeers. Now, you must eat all this food,” grinned Uncle Bernard.”
“Uncle Bernard,” said Jack his mouth full of prawns, “why didn’t you tell us all how to get to the windmill? You knew all along didn’t you?
Uncle Bernard’s eye’s twinkled, “It would have spoiled all the fun. I have been young too and I always saw a mystery in everything. Even an old discarded bottle of whisky left on the beach!” he winked at the twins.
“And how, Uncle Bernard, when we had the key, did the smugglers manage to open the large door to the moulin asked Jennifer. 
“Oh that’s easy,” replied Uncle Bernard. ”They obviously took a wax impression and made a new key themselves. Smugglers are very clever these days.”
“And how did you know that Jack and I were on the beach when the smugglers were there?” asked Claire. 
“Let me show you. You sit at that table over there, Claire, where I sat when you looked in at the window and I’ll go outside and pretend to be you.”
Uncle Bernard went outside and peered through the window just as the twins had done that night. “Oh! No.” gasped Jack and Claire.
Uncle Bernard came back inside, laughing. “Now do you understand?”
“The mirror,” the twins squealed in unison, “You saw us in that mirror next to the fireplace.”
“Yes, I certainly did and the full moon behind you gave me the perfect view.
Now come on everyone let’s eat!”
When they had eaten the food and finished the champagne, Uncle Bernard said they should all go outside and stand on the sand and look back at the lighthouse.
Thierry took Jenny’s hand and ran to the water’s edge. Aunty Izzy followed with Aliénor and the twins galloped around everywhere like tiny Shetland ponies.
“I think my brother likes Jenny very well,” said Aliénor. 
“I think you are right,” replied Aunty Izzy.
They all stood with their backs to the sea and looked up in wonder as Uncle Bernard set off a chain reaction of fireworks and then ran down to join them carrying Blanca.
The lighthouse was lit up with rockets and stars and moon shapes and fireworks that banged and fizzed and were all colours of the rainbow.
And, as the feu d’artifice created a wonderful and crazy spectacle, the stately beam of the lighthouse calmly and reliably flashed on and off.
The twins and Blanca were so excited with the fireworks that they turned cartwheels on the beach.
The Three Musketeers gazed at the magical sight and, as Jenny turned to look at Thierry, he kissed her on the cheek. She was pleased that he could not see the colour of her face and she felt that her heart was fizzing just as much as the Catherine wheels. “So now, Jenny, you know what feu d’artifice means,” laughed Aliénor who had seen the kiss.
Jennifer certainly felt that she suddenly knew the meaning of feu d’artifice and as she looked up towards the lighthouse her eye caught a slight movement in the forest behind it. Suddenly a repeater rocket rose up and crashed over the lighthouse and burst into a thousand orange stars. Just as the second burst began Jenny saw the girl on the palomino horse appear in a clearing and gaze out to sea. The green stars began to fall in a shower as Jeanne raised her gloved hand and pushed her hair away from her face. As the third burst brought a shower of blue stars she turned the horse toward the forest and slowly faded away. Jenny looked up at the sky in the direction the girl had taken and saw Orion. Still holding Thierry’s hand, she turned towards him and smiled. He and the others were still looking towards the lighthouse oblivious that Jeanne and Palome had come to say goodbye.
“Look, Aunt Izzy, there’s Orion just above the pine forest and behind the lighthouse,” said Jennifer pointing to where the girl on the palomino had just been.”
“Oh no, Jennifer,” cut in Uncle Bernard who had been listening to Jenny with interest. ”It can’t be Orion! That constellation is not in the northern sky at this time of year. It doesn’t return to our skies until much later in the year. So, Jennifer, you must have imagined it, or been seeing in to the future.” he laughed.
“Perhaps we have been seeing not the future, but the past,” said Aunt Izzy under her breath as she winked at Jenny.
Nobody wanted to say goodbye and as the fireworks fizzled out they all lingered on the beach. It was Uncle Bernard’s booming voice that broke the silence.
“You must all come to see us in Paris,” said Uncle Bernard.
“We would love to, “shouted Jennifer, the twins and Aunty Izzy. 
“Good that’s settled then. The Easter holidays when the weather is nice will be best for me.”
“Hooray!” shouted the twins and chased Blanca round in circles.
“Three cheers for Uncle Bernard,” called Jenny, and they all joined in.
“Hip hip hooray! Hip hip horray! Hip hip hooray!”


The End
