The Hare, The Bow and the Girl
Book One
Dream of The Lepus 

By D H Richards

Text copyright 2013 D H Richards
All Rights Reserved
All characters appearing in this work are fictitious.
Any resemblance to real persons living or dead is purely coincidental.
For more information please visit
http://dhrichards.blogspot.com/

cover image 
Takagi Haruyama, Edo period, “Rabbit”

Dedicated to Jeanne, William, and Weston

Prologue
The knife was unlike any Riley had ever seen. His great-grandfather had given it to him earlier that evening, for Riley’s 16th birthday. It had a worn wooden handle, polished smooth by decades of use. It was a dark hardwood, maybe even some sort of tropical wood, and appeared to have had carvings on it, but they were worn down. Embedded in the handle was a single red gemstone, cut into an oval shape.  The blade was the strangest part. It was about eight inches long and polished to a dull sheen, not like the shiny new knives Riley had seen at Sears. There was an inlay near the handle of a darker metal showing vines and leaves and what appeared to be an animal, a rabbit perhaps, peering through them. And if he looked carefully he could swear the rabbit had a cap on its head.
Why a rabbit, he wondered. Wouldn’t a deer be more appropriate? Why would the rabbit be wearing a cap?
Riley was inside the house, studying the knife. He looked out onto the porch where his great-grandfather was sitting. He wanted to ask him about the knife, it looked so strange, so very foreign and different from any knife his friends had shown him or that he had even seen, but the old man had only thrust a box into his hands after dinner and gruffly wished him a happy birthday. Riley was mostly scared of the man.  
His great-grandfather was old, very old. His face, once strong and handsome—Riley had seen it in old photos—was now loose and sallow, his eyes sunken in, his bright smile faded into a permanent frown. But it wasn’t his age that made Riley scared; it was how the old man seemed to only to communicate by gruff noises. 
Riley himself was tall but rail thin; a floppy head of unstylish long brown hair on his head over a pair of dishwater blue eyes. He was not much good at sports and honestly not that good in school either. And everything he did seemed to disappoint the older man, who was not shy about letting Riley know it. 
Almost everything: Riley knew his grandfather was…well, not happy, but satisfied that Riley had taken up archery. He never let his great-grandson forget how good he used to be with the bow, but he did once acknowledge that Riley was good too. 
The only other person in the house was Riley’s mom, but she was rarely around, often working double shifts down at the cannery. It was Riley’s job to look after his great-grandfather—a job that he often got wrong, if the old man was to be believed. 
Riley looked again at the knife turning it over and over, looking for a mark or some clue as to where it was from, who had made it. He wasn’t even sure what it was for. It had a smooth edge, as if for slicing, not for cutting or sawing. He weighed going out to ask his great-grandfather about the knife. If he disturbed the old man after dinner he might get yelled at—or worse, ignored. He might wait until his mom got home, but doubted she would know much. She was adamantly against weapons of any kind, to the point that she made Riley keep his bow in the garage. 
He screwed up his courage and opened the door out onto the front porch, “Paw Paw?”
The old man sitting on the folding chair looked up. He took a moment to register who had spoken and then looked back away.
“Thanks for the knife, Paw Paw. It’s cool. Looks old…”
“It is.” 
The old man did not look back this time. He carefully drew up the blanket on his lap. Riley stood there studying the wooden planks of the floor, tracing the patterns in the wood worn down by years of use and years of neglecting paint. Paw Paw had lived here with his parents, who had built the house in the last century. Even though it was drafty in the winter and leaked in the rain, Riley liked it. It was better than living in a trailer like some of his friends did.
The old man had worked for the railroad in Monroe, but that was decades ago. Now all that was left of the family was Riley and his mom, Paw Paw’s grand-daughter. Riley’s dad had left when he was born, and his grandfather had died in Vietnam. Everyone else was dead or lost. He heard he might have relatives out west, but he had never met them.
Paw Paw didn’t do much. He sat on the porch during the days, unless it got too cold, and stared out into the distance. The old man had few words to say to Riley.
Riley found himself staring at the floor often around the old man. When he looked back up, the old man was still looking out.
“I wanted to thank you,” Riley began again. 
“You’re welcome.”
“No, I mean…I wanted to let you know… it’s a pretty nice knife—really. I mean, it’s old, right? Was it yours?”
“Yes.”
The quiet came back. Beyond the porch evening was leaving the sky above; below the air was still with a chorus of cicadas steady in the background. Little blinks of lighting bugs emerging from the bushes.
“Paw Paw?” 
The old man just sat there. Riley saw he wasn’t asleep, but he didn’t respond.
“The rabbits?” Riley tired again to start the conversation—still no movement.
“Paw Paw, every time after dinner you sit out here… what I mean is… you never talk about it.”
“You like the knife, Riley?”
He stopped short. The old man hardly ever called him by his name. Riley was afraid he’d said something wrong. 
“Yes, sir. Is there a reason it has a rabbit on it? Why is the handle so smooth?” questions tumbled out from Riley, afraid of being cut off again, “It looks old.” 
“It is. Probably older than I am. It was a gift…given to me by someone…special. But now I am giving it to you, for safekeeping.”
“Is it connected with the rab—?”
“I used it when I hunted you know. It’s a solid knife.”
“I didn’t think you hunted.”
“Sure did. After my parents passed I had to eat, right? Some deer in these woods and back then lots of rabbits, squirrels, even possum if done up right isn’t bad…”
“The rabbits? But I thought, you know, we’re supposed to leave them alone. Momma told me if I ever hit one with my bow you’d disown me.”
“Yeah, that’s right. Never touched a rabbit with that knife, that’s for sure. I couldn’t…This was before.” Again silence settled over the porch. The older man returned to staring out at the edge of the woods.
“Before what Paw Paw?”
“Never mind. Nothing. Late. ”
“I’m getting good at the bow Paw Paw. I hit the bulls-eye today from 100 feet walking by, just like you suggested. I bet I could hit even a rabbit now. All I’d have to do is—”
“Stop!” The old man swung his arm up from the blanket, his long finger pointing at Riley. “Stop!”
“Why? Every time I ask—”
“Just stop!”
“Tell me why? Why can’t I go hunting like you did? I could help out, no shame in deer or rabbit for dinner.”
“Don’t ever!”
“Why not?” Riley couldn’t help himself. 
His mother would have beat him soundly for yelling at the old man like that, but Riley was confused and annoyed. Even though the family was poor and other mountain families hunted the deer and rabbits in the forest, he’d never been allowed to do so. Most nights they ate vegetables from the garden or hotdogs from the stores, but never game. 
“Why not?”
The old man looked at Riley, his hand still pointing; his mouth open. But he suddenly closed him mouth and lowered his hand. He turned back to look out at the night. “Just don’t.”
“I’m not a little kid anymore. I can do whatever I want, you know. I could hit a rabbit, I could. I just might to show you I can. Tell me why I can’t! Tell me!” 
But the old man just sat and stared. 
“Fine then,” Riley turned and opened the screen door.
“I’m waiting for something.” 
The old man said it so softly Riley wasn’t sure if he heard it. He turned back around, letting the screen door close. “What are you waiting for Paw Paw?”
The old man slowly turned around and looked back into the house. The sound of Riley’s mom cleaning up came from inside the kitchen. He motioned Riley to come back over and sit on the chair next to his wheelchair.
“I’m waiting for a rabbit to come back.”
“Back? From where? Does it have to do with the knife?” For the first time he could remember Riley saw a twinkle in the old man’s eyes; his face had come alive.
“Well Riley, that’s the story isn’t it?”



Chapter One – Into the Bamboo Forest

“Pull up a chair and sit down Riley. You can’t tell your mother none of this. She would have a fit if they heard me talking about this.”
Riley nodded his head, afraid to say anything least the spell be broken. He had never seen his Paw Paw so animated. His eyes had a light in them Riley had never seen before. For once the old man wasn't scowling at him. His eyes had a light in them Riley had seen before only in an old photo of his great grandfather. The photo was a studio portrait, done, Riley guessed, when he had graduated from high school. His great grandfather had a thin, handsome face, with high cheekbones, full dark hair and piercing eyes, eyes full of life and fight. 
“When I grew up here we used to live off the land, I guess you would say. To us it was just living.  Back then route 60 was a long ways away. Nobody had cars, just horses. Just to get into town was a half days ride, never mind any cities. The railroad was a good day’s ride too at that time. But there was plenty of game in the woods, and we could plant enough to eat. My mother used to put up preserves too. I did not realize at the time but life was sweet Riley. See, in 1906 was when my parents died. Drowned trying to cross back one night when it stormed real bad, down by the stream that runs by the Bamboo. My older sister had gone out to Memphis, all the rest were long gone. You see I was what they call nowadays a ’mistake.’” 
Pawpaw gave a small chuckle.
“I had some Aunts and Uncles who lived down the mountain a couple of towns over, but it was just me in this house. You know my Daddy built this house right after the war, the civil war. Came up here and bought land on this mountain. I guess he saw orchards here or something, though he never did put much in. By the time I come along my parents were getting older. Both of ‘em sort of clung to me in a way, sheltered me something fierce. Only they didn’t see it that way, just wanted to protect me from harm. See right before I came along they lost my older brother, he was about 10, thrown from a horse. My daddy was heartbroken, never let me out of his sight after I come along. 
“But then they died when I was about 19. This house was about all I had. I had stopped school after eighth grade to stay at home and help my parents. Not much work for a man back then up here then, guess there still isn’t. But I figured I could grow some stuff, hunt the rest and make it okay, despite folks worrying about me.
“Yes, there were a few folks worried about me. The women over at the church tried to get me hitched up, I was 19 after all, almost past my prime in those days. But wasn’t ready yet. I was at loose ends. Thought about going out west to see my sister, or even up north to the shipyards in Baltimore- heard you could get a good job there. But I wasn’t ready to leave this mountain just yet. No shame in saying I was kind of a lost soul Riley. I turned out alright mind you, but I had never been further than Lovingston, and there only once for a wedding. I guess you could say I was a little sheltered but I hardly knew it. I felt like the mountain was kind of a big universe. What did I know?”
The old man stopped for a moment, seemingly lost in thought. Riley was about to say something when he coughed, and the story started again…

One day I was out hunting. It was midsummer, hotter ‘n hell as they say. Thunder clouds were up in the sky, it was threatening to rain. The deer had thinned out a lot by then, but the rabbits…the rabbits were thick as thieves in the woods. In those days we didn’t have much. If you wanted to eat you had to go out and get whatever you could. I had one fairly big rabbit in my sights. I can still see it in my mind. But something spooked it right before I let go of that arrow and it took off. I followed it for a bit until I got to that grove of bamboo down by the creek at the bottom of the mountain. Do you know the one around where the road connects to the highway? Down in the hollow there. There’s huge stand of the stuff, dense as midnight.
I followed the rabbit in. Not sure even now why I did. But like I said, it was midsummer… hot. I hadn’t had meat in a week and that rabbit sounded tasty to me. I figured if I chased the rabbit through the china ticket I’d push it up on the road and into the field across from it. Be easier to get a good shot in then. Besides, the rain that had been coming began to fall. I knew if the storm got much worse the rabbit would be lost to me.
But funny thing: the more I kept pushing into the stand, the further I went, the further away from the outside I felt I was getting. The grove got taller, the bamboo closer together, it got dark and smelled like mildew. I could not see more than a few feet in front of me. The forest closed in on me. That damn bamboo grew so thick it blocked out the light on the floor. I get lost not 10 feet into that thicket.
I had completely lost track of that damn rabbit when suddenly, I fell. The ground gave way and I tumbled into the stream. I lost my footing and found myself played on my ass in the water.
I was pretty mad at getting wet and figured I might as well just go back home. I ’wasn’t too sure where the road was by then. I should have crossed it. So I scrambled up the other side of the stream. I could see sunlight and that open field on the other side. I figured I would follow the stream back to the road. I followed the stream a ways by walking on the bank, but pretty soon the bank got so steep I had to scramble onto the top. At this point here was bramble rose growing and I had to pick my way free of that. 
But when I got out of the thicket into the open field I could not figure out where I’d come out of. There was no sign of the road. In front of me there was just a big clearing, a large open field and beyond that deep dark green woods. The sun was beating down, blinding me after the dark of the bamboo. It was as if the thunder storm had suddenly cleared. I figured I’d just come out further down. I saw that at the edge of the field was a series of rocks, like going up the mountain. I thought maybe I had really gotten turned around in there, come out the way I went in. But I didn’t recognize the rocks either.
Still, I thought if I could climb up the rocks a little I could get my bearing. By this point I figured I was suffering from some sort of sunstroke or something. Made me forget where I was. So I went across the field up to the rocks. I was about half way up when I heard voices. Back then weren’t too many people about these parts and it didn’t do you any good to just blunder on. Might have been revenuers—moonshiners…ill-mannered types—or something for all I knew.
So anyway I crept around the rock until I could see down in front of me. To my surprise there was the road. Although it wasn’t a part of the road I could remember. It was more a dirt path in the woods. There in front of me were about three or four men…most sitting, but one standing. Then off to the side was the strangest thing I’d ever seen: it was a bear wearing a jacket and a wide field worker’s hat. But it wasn’t a bear I had ever seen; it had light grey fur and long ears. In fact, the more I looked at it the more I thought it was some sort of rabbit.
But it couldn’t be; it was as tall as the man standing. It had to be a bear. The four men did not seem to see this huge animal behind them, so I figured it was best to be cautious. I carefully got my bow off my shoulder and pulled out an arrow. I figured I’d come down from the rocks slowly; ready to shoot the bear if I had too. As I pulled the arrow tight I heard a loud voice from behind me.
“Best put that away, stranger.”
I froze, turning around a little to see who had said that. Standing behind me, with a knife drawn, was a jet black rabbit as big as a man.

 Two – The Lepus

“Wait, rabbits?” Riley asked. “Like, bunnies?”
“Yes, gigantic rabbits! They weren’t much like bunnies I can tell you. The one in front of me was easily six feet tall, standing on his hind legs. His face looked like a rabbits all right, but so big it looked fierce not cute. Its eyes were slanted and focused intently on me, the nose flat, quivering, the whiskers twitching in the dappled sunlight. He wore a white shirt and had a large sword in his paw, it out and ready to thrust at me. Underneath I could see his fur, jet black with flecks of grey mixed in. I looked behind the rabbit to see if I could see who had spoken, but then I got the second shock of the day. It was the rabbit who had spoken!”

When the voice behind me spoke all of the party below the rock turned my way. I slowly put the bow down, keeping my hands above my waist. I turned around too and I pretty much turned five shades of white I guess.
“Why don’t you climb down that rock, mister? I got a bead on you so don’t try nothing funny, understand?” 
What can I tell you? I nodded, still in shock. As best I could I climbed down the rock until I was on the floor of the wooded area. By that time the other four men and the other rabbit had come over. I think I must have looked pretty scared because one of the men chuckled a little and held out his hand.
“I’m Siuos Smit. You can call me Smit. The bully behind you is Walter,” he said, nodding to the giant rabbit that had followed me down the rock. Walter still had his knife pointed at me and a mean look on his black face.
“I’m not being a bully, Smit. This man had his bow out and was about to shoot you all.”
“All of us with one arrow? Well, I must say you must be a first class shot.”
“That’s not what I meant, Smit.” Walter put his bow down and sat back, putting his front paws on the ground, looking to me for the first time like a real rabbit. “Fine,” he said in a bored voice, “you deal with him. I get your belt if he kills you.”
“He ain’t gonna kill us, Walter. In fact, it looks like he might the one to drop over any second. You got a name, stranger?”
“E-e-e-e-ric.”
“Well Eric, it is good to meet you. This here is Rake and Jet.” He pointed to the two other men next to him. “And the other Lepus here is Andrew.”  
Andrew stepped forward and offered a paw. He was just as large but silver grey with a black nose. 
“Andrew Morgan, surveyor, chief of this crew.” He cast a look at Smit, “Terribly sorry for the overreaction, but the roads are full of travelers, and others… these days…not sure if they are all on the up and up you know. Your…costume is… where are you from?”
“Um, up on the mountain.”
“Mountain? Which mountain? Where?”
“Tobacco Row. The one right…” 
It was at this point that I looked around. I could see fields through the woods but I could not see any of the hills I had spent the past 19 years roaming no matter which direction I turned.
Andrew the rabbit tilted his head, eye narrowed, “Tobacco Row Mountain? Never heard of it.” 
Walter caught Andrew’s mood, stepped forward, and leaned into my face. “I wager none of us never heard of it. I’ve been up and down this country more than a few times. No mountains around here. What exactly are you playing at, Mr. Eric?” 
I stumbled back a step, now convinced beyond the shadow of a doubt that I was suffering from sunstroke or possibly had just plain up and died. Giant rabbits were questioning where the mountain I had spent my whole life on was exactly. 
“I…the mountain…look, I’m not sure. I was just chasing a ra—…I was going through the woods there when I came out across that field.”
“What field?”
I turned around, relieved to actually see the field behind the outcropping of rocks.
“That field. I came across that stream.”
“Through the bamboo?”
“Yes.”
“Are you sure?” 
At this I noticed all of them looking at each other. Walter snorted. Andrew took a step forward but Walter held up a paw. 
“That’s impossible!” Walter said it like he was cursing, “Men can’t get through there. No one has ever come out of there! I think he’s from up north.”
“Ain’t no Yankee. I-I did just come out of there, across the stream.”
“Now Walter,” Andrew said, “I have never heard of men being able to traverse the bamboo, but maybe…Interesting.”
“Mr. Andrew, do you think really?” Smit had quietly stepped up and put his hand on Walter’s shoulder. Walter violently shrugged it off and looked back at Smit “It would explain the clothes” Said Smit, trying to gloss over Walter’s reaction. 
I knew now that I was not where I should have been, but things felt so familiar right then. I guess I should have run, or tried to, but I was both calmed by the surrounding and more than curious about the people and rabbits in front of me. I had rarely been off the mountain. I knew things here were plenty strange, but my frame of reference was pretty limited. I mean, I knew that giant rabbits didn’t exist, at least in the real world, so I was curious as to where, exactly, I had landed. 
“If I’m not on Tobacco Row then where am I?” 
“The high path to the castle at Five Forks. We are on our way to the fair, as it were. Where are you headed?”
“I, uh, well, I’m not sure really. Like I said, I sort of stumbled here…well, really did stumble. I uh, guess I should head back.”
Andrew snorted, pushed up the pair of glasses on his nose and smiled a not unkind smile. “Not likely sir. Those bamboo are tricky; can’t just come and go. Doubt seriously if you could get back… now, anyway. But no worries, friend. If you are not going anywhere, you’re welcome to come with us.” 
Walter grunted. “Not happening, Andrew. He is welcome to go somewhere else—by himself.”
“Walter, Walter…do not hold it against Mr. Eric what him being from out there. Why, I bet you mean us no harm right? Why, I bet you’ve never even shot rabbits with your bow when you were over beyond the woods. Right?”
I was not sure what to say, so I just kept quiet. Andrew’s eyes went wide. Walter grunted again. It was Smit who broke the tension.
“I don’t know as much about over there as Mr. Andrew does, but I do know it’s different. I’m sure you were only looking for food, Mr. Eric.”
“Well, sure, what else?”
Andrew looked as though he was going to be sick; Walter just glared. When Andrew had recovered enough, he took off his glasses and polished them with a small white handkerchief. Walter thumped a paw on the ground. Andrew gave him a look. Walter spoke.
“He’s not like the people here Andrew. I say we leave him here and if he follows us we kill him.” Walter put one of his large paws on a knife sheathed on his belt. 
“Well, yes, of course. Things are… different in different places. Still Walter, we have to be open-minded. I, for one, have never had the chance to talk to someone from another country such as Mr. Eric’s. I am curious” He looked me up and down, glancing nervously at my still strung bow. 
“I say we allow him to travel with us as long as he behaves himself. What do you say Mr. Eric? Will you join us as a friend?” Andrew placed the glasses back on his nose and smiled.
I didn’t think all that much about it, to be honest. I had no one waiting for me back at home and I was just as curious about this world as Andrew was about ours. 
“Thank you, Andrew. I would be happy to.”
“Alright then, it’s settled. Come now, all of us, let’s continue to Five Forks. We do not want to be late to the festivities, not after being out here so long. Oh and, for the sake of Mr. Walter here, perhaps if you uh, unstrung your bow, that would make him happy?”
Walter hopped by, giving Eric a deathly stare in the process. He muttered something about pigs under his breath.
I started to follow them but then stopped as a thought popped into my head. 
“Am I dead?” 
Again the party stopped and looked back at me. 
Andrew laughed, “Of course not, good sir! Well, that is to say not unless we all are! If you are ghost or some such spirit then you are a remarkably whole one. So, I hope that no, you are not dead. Here, walk with me Mr. Eric and I shall try to fill you in as I am able.”

 

Three – The Strange Land

So we walked down the path. It wound through lush green woods with towering oak and poplar trees. Here and there massive trees had fallen, forcing us to alter our route. The path was clear but seemed seldom used. Fallen leaves and branches littered its way, but the impression of a path, the shallow sunken earth, was easy enough to follow. For some time we climbed up a hill and eventually came out along a large flat area. Here and there I could see openings in the forest, filled with shrubbery and creeping vines. The trees were uniformly large, as if the area had never been cut for wood. Every so often we would pass under a tree littered with large brown nuts, or tiny floret pinecones. We walked for a long time, following a small creek and never saw houses or other people. The woods seemed to be primeval, ancient, yet did not seem threatening, at least to me. I had grown up in woods like these, albeit with smaller trees, but nonetheless I felt strangely at home here. 
Walter and the others were ahead. Andrew seemed to be older and walked more slowly. But in looking back I think maybe he just wanted to talk to me without the other rabbit hearing too much. The party that walked in front of us was a strange sight to behold. Smit, the man who I had first met, was a solid stocky fellow with a weathered face. His nose was red and reminded me of the old drunk whop used to hang out at the store on the foot of the mountain near the forks of Buffalo. Next to Smit was another man, a tall stringy fellow with long dull blonde hair and a pockmarked face. He carried a large pack and, based on how he stuck close to Smit and looked to him whenever the group stopped, must have been his assistant. The other two in the group were the large rabbit, Walter and another man. This other man was short and slight, but carried a long sword and had a fierce look. He looked very young, but tough. On top of his head was a large floppy cap that obscured most of his face. 
When the group was a good ten paces ahead of us, Andrew lightly cleared his throat. 
“I’ve been to your mountain. Well, possibly anyway,” he said. “I am no expert but I can tell you what I know, what I have heard. The short of it is that we Lepus can traverse the stream and the woods into the bamboo. The bamboo is a magical place I think. At least it is for us.”
“No offense but I’ve never seen anything like you back home.”
“No, I should suspect not. That seems to be part of the process. We lose stature when we cross over, which is why we do not do it often. Here, in this world, we have size as well as speed to defend ourselves. Over there, only speed. It is also…difficult to cross. We cannot always go over when we want. And more worryingly, we cannot always come back here when we want. We also avoid the place as we do not like ending up as someone’s supper.”
I’m sure my face turned a bright shade of red. “Oh, yes. I am sorry about that.”
“Not to worry, good sir. It’s different there, I know. Still, when you are here or if you ever make it back, I ask you to refrain from …you know.”
“Honestly, I don’t think at this point I could ever even think about eating another ra—” I stopped as I felt I was being rude. 
Andrew smiled a slight, sickly smile, “Nothing to it. Plus, far more of our kind have succumbed to foxes and dogs over there than men. Now Eric, I am sure it must be a shock to see us Lepus, but I assure you there is not much here that is different.”
“So far it seems the same. It even feels like home, although you all dress oddly.”
“Likewise.”
I smiled, looking down at my trousers and rough cotton shirt. Andrew looked much smarter in a red silk vest. It had a pattern of leaves and vines done with green threads running along the edges. 
“What about other, uhm, animals?”
“What about them?”
“I mean, are there other…creatures here, like yourself, who walk and talk like people?”
“Perhaps people walk and talk like us?” Andrew laughed at his joke. “Still, not that I know of. I have never seen others like us on this side of things.” His voice was light but I noticed he did not meet my gaze. “What about wizards or fairies or talking scarecrows?” 
“I am not familiar with any of those around here, although a talking scarecrow would be a sight and perhaps useful for the farmers.”
“Where exactly is here?”
“Blackberry Valley. We call is Elily in Lepine.”
“Lepine?”
“My good sir…you didn’t think we Lepus spoke your language?”
“Well, I dunno. To be honest I’m not sure what to think about any of this. I’m actually thinking I should just head back before I forget where I came out from.”
I stopped along the path and looked behind us. I felt I could easily follow the path back to the pile of rocks at the edge of the field. For the first time I actually felt a hurt for the mountain and a longing for home. Andrew stopped and looked back with me and then at me.
“Eric, perhaps it would be good. I’m no fortune teller, but I don’t know of any good reason you are here. It might be purely by accident.”
“Not likely.” 
We both spun around. Walter had come back. 
“He’s here for a reason…maybe even one he knows about and isn’t telling?” Walter’s face was hard and set. “Still, a good idea I think you should head back runt, before you get hurt.” 
I returned his gaze with what I could only hope was an equally hard and deep stare. “I’m not afraid if that is what you are suggesting. I can handle myself.” My mind made itself up, I was not going to let a bully, even a six foot tall bully rabbit, try to send me packing. 
Walter snorted; it sounded like a laugh. “Fine…Come on then, both of you; keep up or get left.” He turned and hopped back up to the group in front.
“I apologize for him,” Andrew said. “Lepus and people have a…complicated history. And Walter’s is more complicated than most I’m afraid. Now, you can go back or stay. But Walter is right—we do need to decide now.”
I took a deep breath. An image of the empty house was all I could see of home; that and the old ladies at church trying to set me up with every girl in the county. I exhaled slowly. 
“It’s okay. Let’s go. Um, where are we going?”
“To a celebration, my new friend; a fair followed by a feast followed by a wedding—a glorious trio if there ever was one!”
“What’s it all about then, the celebration?”
“I can explain that too. Hurry up before Walter and the rest hop off without us.”
So we walked for the rest of the afternoon along the path that passed mostly through the woods, running near a stream. Andrew explained more about where we were going. 
“Blackberry Valley is really one in a set of three connected valleys. To the east are the foothills and the great ocean; to the west the Great Rising mountains. Nestled in between are three kingdoms; Early, Williamsdale and Rutledge. We are headed to the one furthest south, Early, where King Dahl’s only daughter is marrying the young King Kitsunamoshee of the next valley over, Williamsdale. Those two kingdoms have been at war, on and off, for at least the past hundred years. This wedding will unite the two kingdoms, eventually, once Dahl dies. But he is a young man, so to t speak, and has many years left. Of course it is a bit more complicated than that, but we Lepus do not pay much attention to human politics. It is fairly boring.”
“The Lepus don’t have politics?”
“Oh, for sure we do but it’s not the same. It’s much simpler, more, um…direct. Really, I am not sure which I prefer: the bestial nature of our political fights or the unending intrigue of human court affairs. Either way it gives me a headache, sir. How about back in Tobacco; do you have politics?”
“Virginia? Yes, but no kings or queens. We did away with them some time ago, although what we got instead isn’t much better. We have elections. People choose who they want to be in the government.”
“Based on fights then?”
I laughed but Andrew did not smile. “Well, I’ve read about some nasty speeches, and sometimes men get into it all right but no; no fights. Though a few years before I was born, when my dad was a boy, there was a terrible war over who would be in charge. Where I come from we mostly do for ourselves. But from time to time those hateful bureaucrats do come up the mountain to tell us what to do. We have no use for government types up there.”
Andrew did laugh at this, “My dear boy—really.”
I wasn’t sure what I had said, but then it hit me that I had no real idea who this group was. They could be highwaymen for all I knew.
“Andrew, what is it y’all are doing here again?”
“We’re surveyors,” Smit piped up beside me. I had been so involved speaking to Andrew I had not seen him behind us listening to our conversation.
Andrew laughed again. “I am the surveyor. Humble government employees at your service, Mr. Eric.”
I think I turned five shades of red. “I didn’t mean no offense.”
“Of course not! I feel the same frustration when dealing with the king’s ministers, I assure you. Besides, I am not an employee per se; my crew and I work for the king now, but not always. Smit and Rake are my assistants, as I must often remind Smit.”
“Yes, sir. Rake and I have been working with Mr. Andrew here for the past few years. We’ve been out fixing town borders in Early. Perparin’ for the eventual mergin’ of the two kingdoms.”
“Smit, now we are not engaged in that exactly. The king felt it would be a good idea to fix borders now, before decisions are made. So we have been out for the past couple of years compiling place names, positions, boundaries, etc.” 
“That’s a long engagement.”
“Well, it is a big valley.”
I was confused for a moment until I realized he was confused as well. “No, I meant for the princess and the king.”
“Indeed! It’s not what you think, however. They have been engaged since the Princess was five. Twelve years now. Long enough I think. It is not like for other folks, even us Lepus, Eric. Someone like the princess does not marry for love after all.”
“Some say she’s never even met Prince Kitsunamoshee.” Smit had a strange way of speaking. His words tumbled out as if he was worried he’d be cut off at any moment. After each sentence he cast a quick glance at Andrew, almost as if to make sure he could go on. “Mr. Andrew tell you about the fair yet?”
“Some.”
“It’ll be wonderful! People from all over comin’ and it lasts a whole week. Food enough to make you fat, beer, women…”
“And the fun that comes from all that. I think Smit here is a little excited. Too long in the woods, eh Smit?”
“Yes sir, Mr. Andrew.” Smit fell silent. I found myself nervous for him.
“What is beyond Early?”
“You came out of it basically. Beyond that Bamboo few have gone,” Andrew turned and gave me a silent wink. “Those that have describe it running from ocean to mountain. The way beyond the mountain is blocked; no one has ever passed. By sea is no better. Those that have ventured out to the sea report day after day of desert and a most treacherous sea. In short, no one knows what lies beyond that desert. Something must though I suspect, hmmm Mr. Eric?”
I didn’t say anything. I never was much good at geography in school…had a better head for numbers. I couldn’t recall any big deserts to the south of Virginia. Lost in my thoughts my bow slipped off my shoulder. I bent to pick it up. 
“You any good with that bow, Mr. Eric?” asked Smit. 
“I guess so.”
“Show us then.”
“Yes, a capital idea, Smit,” agreed Andrew, slightly out of breath. “I’ll stop the others and we can all have a nice break while Mr. Eric here demonstrates his skill with the bow.”
“No need. When I am out hun—… in the woods I can’t stop to set up, you know.”
“Oh, yes, rather.” Andrew looked disappointed, for I think he was looking forward to a little break. 
“Okay, look: see that tree up ahead of Walter and the others?” Eric pointed to a large oak off the path ahead of them. “See that funny branch that hangs off the lower limb? Now watch it.”
With a fluid movement Eric took out an arrow, loaded it, and after less than a half a moment’s hesitation let the arrow fly. It glided through the air, sliced through the branch, and fell into the woods beyond. All that was left was the branch, floating gently down, buoyed by its many greens leaves. It landed in front of Walter.
But Walter had already heard the arrow’s whistle and after two large backward hops he had pinned Eric to the ground. “You all saw that!” Walter demanded, holding a small knife at Eric’s throat. “Too bad your arrow missed, pisser. I can tell you that my blade will not.” 
Eric lay there dazed, the breath having been knocked out of him. He could see Smit behind Walter, as white as a sheet. The other two, Rake and Jet came running up to us. 
Andrew put a paw on Walter’s shoulder. “Relax Walter, my peffa. Mr. Eric meant you no harm. His arrow did not miss as his target was the branch. He was merely demonstrating his considerable skills with the bow. Although if I could make a suggestion for the future, Mr. Eric…”
“Thank you.” I gasped for air and then looked into Walter’s terrible angry eyes as best I could.  “I am sorry about that. I did not mean to scare…”
“Look here, man,” Walter warned, “I suggest you keep your little jokes to yourself if you want to live until tomorrow, understood?” 
I nodded but did not dare speak to answer.
“Come now, Walter.” Andrew said with forced conviviality. “Let us all continue on to the fair. Over the next ridge is a good camping site I recall. And by this time tomorrow we’ll be on the main road, only two days away from the fair. I think we’ll all be in better spirits then, no?”
Walter harrumphed as he and Jet began to walk down the path again.
“That were amazin’,” said Rake, the first time Eric had heard him speak.
“Sure was, Mr. Eric. Now, look here. I figure there is bound to be archery games at the fair. Rake and I will be your agents. We’ll be sure to rake in a tidy sum with your skills.”
“Honestly now, Smit—agents? Mr. Eric is perfectly capable for himself. Come now, catch up, let’s not agitate Walter any more that we have to.” 
Andrew and Rake turned to catch up as Smit helped me to my feet.
“Stick with me, son. We’ll see to it that you get a king’s ransom in town. Leave it to Smit.”
I was still dazed or I might have been more aware of the change in Smit’s tone now that Andrew was out of earshot.
I gathered up my bow and trotted up to Andrew and Rake.
“Mr. Andrew, if you don’t mind me asking, what exactly does Walter do?”
“He and Jet are our protection, Mr. Eric. After all, not everyone likes a government bureaucrat, no?”


Four – The Thief 


We reached a small clearing on the bottom of the next ridge. People had used it before- there was a small ring of blackened stones for a fire. Smit and Rake broke out some bread and raw cabbage rolls called splinters; they were filled with spices and vegetables. They tasted very good. I wasn’t sure if it was the spices or just that, as I realized, I had not eaten since breakfast. I commented on how tasty they were. Andrew smiled and even Walter had a somewhat surprised look, follow by a shrug as he turned his back to me. I, for one, was pretty tired and lay down. I feel into a deep dark sleep almost immediately.
When I awoke it was just dawn. Smit handed me some more bread, now with cheese.
“Sleep well princess?” Walter gruffly sulked past me. I looked at Smit with a question
“He’s mad at ya ‘cause you didn’t do a watch last night. You were out pretty cold.”
“A watch? Oh. Sorry!” I called out. “I had no idea. Why didn’t anyone wake me?” I asked Smit.
“Yeah, well, Walter weren’t so keen on that idea. Says he don’t trust you. I think he likes to have something to hang over your head.”
We walked all that day, with Andrew talking almost the whole way. He told me a lot about Blackberry. I asked him if there were trains in Blackberry. 
He smiled. “Your mountain has more machines than we do, Eric. Trains, automobiles…you won’t find them here.”
“To be honest we don’t have many on the mountain, either. I’ve seen a couple of trucks come up the road from time to time, but folks where I come from can’t afford a car. But I have a question Andrew, sometimes you and Walter seem to be twitching and sniffing at each other. Is Lepine the language? Do you speak it to each other still?”
“All the time,” Andrew said, again smiling as if he had told a joke. It dawned on me that there was a lot more going on than I could see on the surface.
“This town we’re going to-“
“Williamsport.”
“I thought that was the kingdom next door?”
“Williamsdale. A log story, but essentially the history of this valley starts in Williamsdale, or what used to be called the Tennant low country. Some people still refer to it as such. Early, where we are now, was Tennant high country.”
“And the other?” 
“I will get there soon enough. Rutledge was just referred to the land before the end of land. As I was saying, in the low lands of Tennant there was a large group of peoples, clustered around a pair of rivers that gave famers in the valley water and rich soil for their crops. Early on few people lived in the high country, it was heavily wooded, as you can see” Andrew gazed up at the trees, which seemed endlessly tall and endless over the horizon. 
“There was a great king in the low country-“
“Let me guess, his name was William.”
“A clever guess, but no. His name was Karnelle. His son was William. William was a proud and ambitious son. His father knew he was restless and in order to give structure to this restlessness he sent his son with an army to conquer the high country. Although the people were few, they were fierce and it look seven long years for William to subdue the peoples here in Early.”
“Why is it Early? Another king?”
Andrew laughed. “No one knows, although the joke is that since we are furthest East as well as South we see the sun first, therefore we are early!”
I cocked my head, Andrew guffawed but then his smile vanished when he saw I did not laugh.
“It is not a difficult joke lad!  So, well, William finally did conquer the high country and set up a capital-“
“Williamsport”
“Ahem, yes. So, as I was saying, he set up a capital. But within a year his father died and so he went back to the low country to rule his new kingdom from there. But while the cat is away, the mice will play, no? Although William was a great king and his reign was peaceful and long, some say he was 96 when he died and he had ruled for 70 years, it was not to last. After his death, the kingdom, William’s Dale, splintered and the high country folk broke from the low country.”
“So, in the end William was successful though.”
Andrew looked at me with a slight smile. “Yes, it has been many years, maybe hundreds, but yes. Now the Kingdom of William, of Tennant, will exist again. Not soon however, one hopes.” Andrew said the last part under his breath.
“Why not?”
“What?”
“Why not soon?”
“Oh.” Andrew seemed caught out. Then he laughed “There is so much to be done young man! Maps to be made, lists to be compiled. The evil work of the Bureaucrat is never done!”
“I never meant to-“
“I know lad, just teasing!” Andrew said. 
“So what do all these people do then, than live here?”
“Farmers mostly, except for the town where the tradesmen are.”
“No wonder I feel comfortable. Where do you fit in?”
“Well, most Rabbits are… most work for others. It can be a problem, but we are new here, relatively speaking. A few of us own land, few farm, but most work for the king or tradesmen. The town folk are a bit more… welcoming.”
“So are you farm or town folk?”
“Oh town, town for sure. I require only the best!” he said, laughing and patting his large belly that hung underneath his body. “I could never spend all day in the fields. How about you Mr. Eric?”
“Famer here, myself. Not a very good one, but my father kept orchards, plus we farmed vegetables…Do you have a house then in Williamsport?”
“Oh, goodness no. We Lepus prefer burrows mostly. There is a singular delight in settling down for a nice nap in the damp earth.”
“I bet” I said before I could think. Andrew gave a low chuckle. 
“Don’t worry lad, there will be plenty of places to bunk down in once we reach Williamsport.”

There was a lot more; too much for me to remember and tell now. But the best thing was that talking to Andrew kept me from Walter and Jet. After Walter had pinned me down the previous day I did not trust him in the least. Those rabbits looked soft and funny, but they were strong as hell—at least Walter was. 
About mid-morning we came across a small clearing planted in what looked like young corn. The plants were about two feet tall. The plot of land was not big, I figured less than half an acre, and based on the number of stumps still visible in the field, the land was newly cleared. We stopped at the edge of the clearing. Andrew immediately sat down and took out a long narrow book from his bag and began to look through the pages. Evidently this was not out of the ordinary. Walter and Jet stood furthest out in the field, looking all around it. Smit and Rake stood next to Andrew’s reclining figure with bored looks on their faces. 
“How far are we from the road Smit?” Andrew asked. Smit screwed up his face and looked up into the sky, as if the answer was written up there. I guess it must have been because a moment later and looked back down at Andrew and said “Hour, or so.”
“Hour and a half” Walter shouted back. A look of irritation crossed Smit’s face but he did not say anything. Andrew snorted.
“Thank you Smit. At any rate I don’t see a settlement this close. Suppose it’s new?”
Smit shrugged.
“Six months, maybe older, but this field, three months, or less.” I said. Andrew, Smit and Rake looked at me. Andrew gave a wide smile and tilted his head.
“None of your are farmers huh?” I said, also smiling. Smit and Rake shook their heads. “Well, the corn, if that is what that is” I gestured to the open field”was planted about six weeks ago. I count at least a good dozen trees, if you’re going to saw them down by hand that’ll take a few weeks. Nobody starts with the field, they build a house first, that’ll take month or so... and there you go, six months. If this is a homestead, that’s what this is right?”
Andrew guffawed and got up. “Well done lad, hard to say what this is, it’s not on the maps and wasn’t here when we left.”
“When was that?” I asked.
“Four years ago” Smith said, almost under his breath.
“Walter, come here!” Andrew shouted. “Young Mr. Eric here says we might have a new settlement.”
Walter sighed, but did not look at me. “Well, of course it’s new; I don’t recall anything here on the way out. Want to send Smit on ahead?”
“Yes. Smit, you know the drill, we’ll follow at a distance.”
“Yes Sir Mr. Andrew!” Smit said, his sickly obsequious nature was back. He grabbed Rake and they proceeded across the field.   Andrew waited until they were halfway across and then began to leisurely follow. 
“Why did you send them ahead?” I asked when we were under way. 
“Um, well, people are not always excited to see rabbits hopping across their fields. Best to let them see Smit first and then we’ll introduce ourselves. Less of a shock.”
I did not say anything, but inside I agreed, recalling my own shock of seeing Walter for the first time. 
As we came to the other side of the clearing we could see several structures in the woods. It was some sort of community, and based on the look of the wood used for the houses, a new one at that. Smith had no sooner reached the edge of the field and was about ten yards from the first building when a large man holding an ax out from him stepped in front of Smith. 
“Clear off!” he bellowed. We could easily hear him from the middle of the field. Walter put up a paw to stop Andrew and me from advancing. 
“Morning sir!” Smit said, his voice dripping with politeness. I was appreciating the wisdom of Andrew in sending Smith first. Rake hung back a pace, looking down at the ground. 
“Clear off mister, we don’t want no trouble.”
“Nor we sir!” Smit’s voice was loud but friendly. “I am part of a survey crew and we had not noticed your…” Here Smith stopped and looked around, clearly trying to describe what he saw in way both accurate and polite “dwelling.”
“Survey crew?” the large man screwed up his face in thought. “Like for what?”
“The king sir, we have been sent out to map-“
“I don’t want no tax collector’s here, shove off” The man had the ax now level with Smit. 
“We are no tax collectors I assure you. All we wish to do is to note-“
“I said, take off, while you got legs to do the walking!” the man said slowly, and in a low growl. Next to me Andrew nodded at Walter and the tow of them began to walk across again, coming into sight of the man with the ax after a few steps. The man’s mouth fell open, but then he looked from Smit to the two rabbits and Jet. I had decided to hang behind a few steps.
Recognition was slow, but for a second no one spoke a word. Finally the man with the ax looked at Smith.
“This your crew? They, them Rabbits with you?” he said, his voice unsure.
“Yes sir.” Smit said, I could see sweat rolling down the back of Smit’s neck. 
“Really don’t need no rabbits.” The man said in a low voice to Smit, but all of us could clearly hear him. 
“All we needs a few minutes mister.” Smit began again, “To write down-“
“No! Nobodies writing anything down, no one’s gonna asses my property…”
“If I may Sir,” Andrew said with a large smile on his face and in his voice. “As my assistant Smit said, we are no tax collectors.”
“Assistant? So you’re the guy I gotta deal with? Why send him then?” The man said, shaking his head towards Smit, but his attention now focused on Andrew.
“Well Sir, some folks, well, some folks might be a wee bit surprised to see Lepus coming out of their garden.”
“Got that right” the man with the ax laughed, but kept the ax out in front of him. “Still, need you to clear out. King’s men are nothing but trouble. Once you get me on that map of yours then next thing you know I’ll get tax collectors comin up around here.”
“My dear Sir, tell me, is there a sheriff nearby?”
The man stopped for a moment and narrowed his eyes. “Won’t do you no good to come back with that bastard.”
“No, no, I only ask because he’s the one who would do the taxes, not us. If the sheriff knows you’re here then, well, you know what he’ll be wanting in the fall, regardless of what we do today.”
The man lowered his ax and stood there a moment thinking.
“You might be right, but still, you put us down in that map and the king’ll be wantin to tax us left and right…”
Andrew laughed a slight chuckled, the man’s face went stormy but Andrew ignored it. 
“My good man, please. I know nothing about farming or woodsmen, but I do know a few things about the king’s court. When I present my books, and there are several, it will join many other survey parties’ books. All of these books will end up in the hands of the king’s minister and as they pour through these books they will come upon your settlement…” Andrew spread his paws and looked at the an. The man looked back for a second. 
“Oh! Uh, well, we just calls it the Aways, you know, we’re a ways away…
“Hmmm, no good. What is your name sir?” Andrew asked.
“Thomas”
“How about Thomasburgh? No, Thomasville, then.”
The man stood there, thinking for a moment, a smile came across his face. “Alright. I like it.”
“Very good, now about how many people live here” Andrew asked, his book open now and a pen in hand.
“Oh no mister Rabbit! You were telling me about the ministers?”
“Oh yes, sorry.” Andrew said, with only faint trace of annoyance. “The ministers, they will open my book, look down the list and come across Thomas…ville! And see that only a few people live here, about…”
Andrew looked expectantly at the man, who stood there.
“About how many people are here sir?” Andrew finally asked. The man looked up towards the sky and counted with his fingers. 
“Fifteen!”
“Fine, about fifteen people live here. Good amount to tax, no?”
Thomas’s face went dark. “What?”
“A good amount to tax, this is what the ministers will say.” Thomas moved and swung his ax up, his face turning red. Andrew held up a paw. 
“They will say that but then, they will look again at the book and see, um… Todd’s Town, the next town on the list, and see that the population of Toddstown is 350-“
“356’ Rake interjected, causing everyone to jerk their heads his way. His face turned beet red. “Sorry.” He squeaked.
“356, and that, my good sir, will excite them much more than 15 poor farming souls. Trust me, you will be on the map but you will be safely ignored as you are today.”
Thomas lowered his ax and seemed mollified. “Ok then, you got the name and how many of us there is, now will you leave?”
“Yes, yes, just let me look around, some buildings. Any streets?”
Thomas looked at Andrew as if he had just asked if they had access to the moon. “Ummm.. no.”
“Good, good. Access to the main road?”
 “There’s a path off there” the man pointed to a place beyond the last building in the woods. “Ain’t no road, just a path”
“Excellent. Well! Smit, Rake, I would say our work is done. And so, sir, we are off” Andrew said. “No harm done or intended.”
“Alright.” Thomas said simply, still a little confused and clearly not entirely convinced no harm had been done.
“We’re on the path on the other side of the field Thomas, so we’ll be off.” Andrew said, putting his notebook away. 
We left Thomas standing there and we made our way back across the field. 
“No one else was there, did you noticed?” I asked Andrew when we were out of earshot. 
“They were there, Saw a few in the big house, a few more behind some of the out buildings. Walter said gruffly.  “Need to keep your eyes open farmer; you’ll be dead before the week is out.” Walter finished with a laugh, but his face said he was serious.
I chose to ignore Walter and spoke again directly to Andrew. “That was great talking back there Andrew. I thought we were going to get chopped up.”
“Nothing to it young Eric. Comes with the job, people hate nosy government types.”
“So you reckon the king really won’t tax them?” I asked, doubtfully. Smit gave out a sharp barking laugh. Andrew looked at him askance. 
“The king, Eric, will not leave a single brass coin on the table. The moment my report shows a new settlement they will be out here busy making sure it is proper.”
“And properly taxed” added Smit. 
“But, but we just told them… aren’t your worried?”
“About what my young friend? It will be months from now and we will be miles away from here, never to set foot back in this godforsaken spot!”

Late in the afternoon we came to the edge of the forest and our path we had followed ended at the edge of a larger road. After two days of only seeing the two rabbits and three people I was with it took me a moment to take in the dozens of people traveling the road. Some had carts pulled by large oxen, others pulled their own small carts. The carts were piled high with produce, boxes, and bags. The people themselves were dressed in clothes of all sorts of colors; hardly anyone was dressed as plain as I was. There were men, women, and children, many with skin darker than mine even. 
What I did not see any of were other rabbits. As we stood there for a moment letting large group of travelers by I noticed only a few even bothered to look our way. A few did a double take but most simply walked by, quietly.
After the large group passed the road was empty.
“Oh I do hate getting back to civilization. It makes us Lepus nervous you should know. Come along now Mr. Eric.”
I had to agree somewhat with Andrew. The sudden meeting of all those people reminded me of home for a moment. Most days I would see few people, but on at church.  I would often see more people in a few hours at church than I would see all week. Sunday afternoons were spent milling around the edge of the graveyard with a fried drumstick in hand or a slice of watermelon. I have fond memories of playing with other kids, my brothers and sisters. Yet already that felt like something in the distant past. I could recall it but I had realized I had little desire to go back to it. And even that desire had faded since that first afternoon here. 
The road was dusty, and there was less shade than in the woods. The hot sun has spent the day warming the road and by the time the sun was low in the sky the heat and dust combined to remind me of the low flatlands back home, of town,  a less pleasant memory than church. Other groups passed us from time to time, riding oxen or walking in small groups, all eager to get to the fair, or eager to get beyond our group. Not one person said hello or even smiled. It was strange. I had to stop myself from waving to passersby. You know how we might wave to someone we don’t even know? Not so here.
The mood had changed. Andrew was no longer chatty. He barely said five words that afternoon. And Walter and Jet stayed much closer to the rest of our group. Smit, on the other hand, began to hum. His smile was bigger, less obsequious. Rake often looked anxious, but even his attitude seemed more self-assured. 
When night fell we found a clearing next to a larger camping area. But still several dozen yards away. Neither Andrew nor Walter seemed especially interested in camping with the main group, despite Smit’s protestation that it would be safer.
After another supper of the splinters I asked about the watches, determined this time to pull my weight. .
“Don’t worry about it” grumbled Walter.
“It’d be nice to have an extra hand Mr. Walter, since we’re so far from the others...”
“I said don’t worry about it Smit! Eric here owes us no watch. Besides, I feel safer when he’s asleep.”
Smit shrugged. Andrew did not look up from his suddenly fascinating empty bowl. I returned Smit’s shrug. No sense getting into a fight over something like this. 
I rolled up my coat in a spot away from the others by just a little. As I lay down and stared up at the sky I was confused to say the least. The mood of the party had changed once we found the main road. Smith and Rake seemed excited, but the two rabbits seemed to shrink in size. And Jet, who had yet to say anything that I could hear, seemed to live in Walter’s shadow.
Unlike earlier in the day, I was beginning to have serious doubts about just exactly what I was doing. I had left everything I knew behind and was now in some strange dream that seemed real, that felt real but yet was so unreal. The changes brought on by the road had given me pause. 
I wrestled with a thousand thoughts. I felt I should turn around and go back, although I was not sure to what exactly. My parents were dead. Relatives all a long and expensive train ride away. True, there were girls I fancied and who fancied me, but somehow that felt so far away from where I was at that time. Here was new, different, and until that afternoon kind of exciting in the way new and different things often are. 
But now I wasn’t so sure, now the new and different seemed strange and slightly menacing. It did seem Walter was warming up, but his remarks about the watch showed me he hadn’t really changed much. Andrew had hinted here and there about the relationship between Lepus and humans, but it was becoming clearer to me that there was a serious underlying friction. Certainly there were very few Lepus to be seen.
I stared up at the stars. They seemed right to me, but then again I never was much at remembering where the constellations were. I half thought about how I might wake up, in my bed at home, the whole thing a dream. 
But right then I was not the least bit tired. As the others settled in a few asleep I lay there awake. I noticed Rake had the first watch while the others slept under a large poplar tree. As I lay there I also thought about Rake and Smit. Something was off about them, well at least Smit. Rake seemed to be just a sidekick, but Smit was decidedly not. He bowed and scraped and shuffled his feet in front of the Rabbits, but behind their back with me he suddenly became a different, more assertive person. Smit, more than any of the others, was happiest about being so close to the fair. I think spending the past several years working for a rabbit had gotten to him. I had seen that at home, men who worked on the orchards for a Mexican work boss often felt the need to over assert themselves, as if to make up for working under people they felt were their inferiors. 
As I lay there I looked back over to see that Rake had fallen asleep, his head resting on a large stick he had found in the woods while looking for firewood. Clouds had rolled in and the stars blinked out. A slight breeze picked up, stirring leaves. The fire had burned to glowing red embers. As I watched them slowly die I made up my mind to turn around in the morning. Things just were not adding up and I was feeling suddenly less secure than at any point since coming through the bamboo. There was a lot about the place I did not know or understand. I had never been off the mountain, much less to some magical dream where there were six foot tall talking rabbits and God knows what else waiting around the bend of the road. I realized I had been foolish. Something felt off, I could not put my finger on it, but it was nagging at the base of my brain. Plus, I was sure Walter would be glad to see the back of me. 
The embers’ glow grew fainter and still I couldn’t sleep. I almost considered getting up and leaving then, but I knew I could find my way back to the path in the dark. As the clouds thinned and a half moon turned its glow on the camp I finally began to feel sleepy.
But it was just then that I noticed something in the blackness next to the tree, right beside the sleeping form of Walter. I could not make out anything. I even told myself it was just shadows from the moonlight. But then it moved, ever so slightly, ever so slowly.
I told myself that I was overreacting, that I had spooked myself, but just in case I silently slide my hand down to where my bow and quiver lay beside me. As quietly as I could I grabbed an arrow and drew the bow up to my chest. I lay deadly still, trying not to breathe, seeing nothing. I almost relaxed when I saw the blackness move again. As it moved a shape began to emerge against the night sky. It was a person definitely a man, a large one. And in the moonlight there was a glint as he raised his arm above Walter. A large blade came out of a long sleeve, and reflected the moonlight for a second. By reflex I brought up the bow and arrow so quickly I barely even knew what I was doing. The arrow whistled and thunk! It fixed the man’s sleeve hard to the tree behind him. Not letting go of the blade, the man silently, but urgently tried to pull the arrow out, but it was too late.
“HEY!” Walter hopped up and with a mighty thump pressed the man against the tree. “Put down yer arm man!” Walter growled, his nose twitching, breathing out. The man made small noises.
“I said put it down!”
“I…I carn’t” the man squeaked. Walter looked away briefly and saw the arrow.
“Drop the knife then or so help me I’ll tear you in half pisser!” Walter said in a low rumble, as if afraid to wake up the rest of the camp. The man looked around, but seeing no one else gave a look of resignation. With a clang the knife dropped. The noise caused Rake to snuffle awake.
“Mr. Walter!” Rakes cry woke up the rest. Jet popped up and quickly grabbed the knife. The man, still being pressed against the tree was half sobbing now.
“I ain’t doin’ nothing now, Mister Hare, sir!”
“Shut it man or you’ll never talk again.” Walter used his large paw to quickly frisk the man. He never took his eyes from the now whimpering but silent man.
“This your arrow, Eric?” Walter asked.
“Yes.” I was standing now as was Andrew, Smit and Rake. We were all awake. 
“Well, come and get it then. I think it’s best if you had all your arrows, yes?”
“Yes.” I carefully shouldered my quiver and got up to walk over to where Walter was standing. Walter took the arrow shaft at the base and with a great tug pulled it out of the tree
“Good thing he missed you man. This thing’d gone straight through your hand.”
“I didn’t miss Walter.” I gently took the arrow from him and placed it back in my quiver.
The man let out a small eeek.
By now men with torches from the main campsite had come over to see what the commotion was about. One of them, a large man in generally better clothes than the rest came forward.
“What’s this all about then?”
“Th-th-the hare, he done…ech!” 
Walter pinned the man even tighter against the tree.
“Mr. Lepus here and I had a misunderstandin.’”
“For love ‘n money, Jackal…I knew you were trouble; just didn’t know you were stupid. Apologies, Mr,…?”
“Walter.” His eyes grew narrow in the light of the torches. “He with you?”
“Not likely, Mr. Walter. But I know him. He joined us a few days ago, a pilgrim on the way to the fair he says. We’re an upstanding bunch Mr. Lepus I can assure you. Never would have let him near us if I had known he’d cause this kind of trouble. We’ll deal with him… if you don’t mind?”
Walter Shoved the trembling man towards the group of torches.
“No fur from me. Do what you want. Just make it stick. If I ever see your face again man, there won’t be these here” Walter gestured to the people behind the thief, “to stop me. Understood?”
“Not to worry. He’ll be taken care of.” The well-dressed man said. 
The large man and several others hustled Jackal off into the night. To me it sounded like he was out of the frying pan into the fire, but the man seemed almost relieved to be off to a fate other than whatever Walter had planned.
Walter turned to me; his eyes looked slightly confused but steady.
“Thank you, Eric. If you had not been awake…” he glared at Rake.
“It was nothing, really. You would have woken up, only poorer I suspect.”
“Hmmph. I would not have woken up at all, I suspect.”
Andrew hopped forward and put an enormous paw on my arm.
“Thank you Eric. You did well, I suspect” he turned to see Walter deep in conversation with Jet, “I suspect that Walter owes his life.”
“I was only reacting, he would have done the same.”
Andrew did not reply but simply arched his eyebrows.   
Despite the excitement I felt sleepy after just a little while. Walter and Jet were now both keeping watch and the fire well stoked and burning brightly. For the first time since crossing over I felt almost at home. 
Almost. 


Five - The Fair

Both camps broke before dawn. Everyone’s eagerness—well, most everyone—to get to the fair began to infect me too. As we went back to the road we passed a tree. There was the man from last night, looking small and perfectly harmless, tied up to it, his hands behind his back. I looked questioningly at Andrew, who was still heavy with sleep, despite a good breakfast of bread and turnips.
“He’ll be fine. We pass a small village in about two miles. They’ll send some of the King’s men back to deal with him” Andrews said.
“He seemed pretty scared of Walter. Maybe he thought Walter was gonna eat him.”
Andrew laughed. “No, we Lupus are vegetarian, Eric.” 
I laughed back. Andrew said nothing more, staring down at the roads as we walked. The absence of his endless chatter of yesterday was noticeable.   “Are you alright, Andrew?” I asked. The others, in their usual way, were ahead of us by a few yards.
“A little sleepy just, sir. It was a rather eventful night, you must admit.”
“No, that’s not what I meant. Ever since we came off that path you’ve been…well, quiet.”
Andrew let out a hearty chuckle. “Oh my, and this has you worried? Not my rambling self? Huh, that is telling.” But he said no more as we kept walking.
“Is there something I’ve done or…?”
“No, no, sir. Look, nothing to worry. We’ll be in town tomorrow. I am just going over what I need to do, all the things I must ideal I with once we get there. I’ll get to hand in a report, pay off the fellows, and we can all have a good week.”
“What then?”
Andrew stopped and looked at me. “What then? Well I suppose Smit and Rake will end up drunk in a ditch and have to crawl back to Heatherstone by themselves. Walter and Jet might pick up work…who knows, those two always land on their feet.”
“And you?”
“Ahhh, yes, off to my burrow sir. I suspect that it must be getting many spider webs, unless Miss Elza has cleaned it, which I imagine she has not!”
“Is your burrow near the town? I’d love to visit it one day. Sorry, I didn’t mean to invite myself, but just perhaps stop by on my way back home.”
“Ah yes, well certainly, certainly. Although it is not so near, but yes, why not?” Andrew said in a tone that I recognized to mean that no no such thing would ever really happen. It was like when people off the mountain say “stop by and see us when you’re in town next” and they don’t really mean it. 
As the day wore on the road got more and more crowded as we got closer to the town. For the first time I began to notice more rabbits but overall still very few. And more people began to interact with our group. The atmosphere was decidedly getting more festive. I began to get more and more excited. Andrew however, seemed to shrink in size with every step.
By evening there was no escaping the carnival feeling in the air. Even Andrew and Walter loosened up a little. Smit and Rake both eagerly told me that by mid-morning the next day we would be in town and “knee-deep in draught and fat farmer’s daughters.”
For the first time I was able talk to people outside the group. For some reason Walter and Jet, who still had not uttered a word to me, insisted on keeping near me. Unlike before, when the presence of Walter would scare people off, the larger crowd seemed to have more people who were not bothered by him. Perhaps as we neared the town we were encountering more worldly people who were used to the rabbits. 
We stopped that evening just short of town, in a large open field that had turned into a make shift camp ground. Smit told me we were still a good walk from the town. I saw Andrew pay a small man at the edge of the field a few coins as we made our way through the open gate. It was the first time I had seen money here. 
Our small group, now swallowed up by hundreds of people milling about, made our way to a far corner. This was more at Walter’s insistence than anything else. I think Smit would have dropped down in the smack middle of the camp. But he quietly agreed to come with us. I suspected that until he got paid he would play the role of the good servant. 

Later, after we set down our goods in a small circle and set a fire, I was sitting, eating my now usual dinner of splinters and bread with Walter, Andrew, and Jet when what I assumed was one of Smit’s fat famer’s daughters sat down next to me. She was actually not fat, but really very pretty and fresh faced. She introduced herself as Penndeleppie.
“Penelope?”
“No, Penndeleppie,” she laughed a sweet laugh. 
I smiled and introduced myself. I was feeling pretty special until she lowered her eyes and blushed a little.
“My friends and I,” she nodded over to a small knot of similar young girls, all of whom giggled when I looked over, “we were wondering if you were from Aquatine? Your clothes are so…odd”
My smile faded and I suddenly felt very self-conscious. “Aquatine? Um, no. I’m from Virginia.”
“Where is that?” she asked, confused. 
By now Andrew had taken a half interest in the conversation. “Beyond Aquatine young lady, on the, um, coast,” he chimed in, a twinkle in his eye as he winked at me. 
“Oh, excuse me sir. Sorry, I had no idea you were with… well, sorry to intrude.”
“No, it’s okay. You can stay if you want,” I protested, but she was already standing up.
“Nice meeting you, Mr. Eric. Maybe I will meet you at the fair,”  she said with a shy smile and with that she raced back to the group of girls, who all looked at her with expectant faces. She said something and their faces went slack and they all turned around and walked back into the crowd. Penndeleppie herself looked back and smiled but then hurried along.
Andrew must have noticed my confusion. But, as was becoming increasingly usual, his attempt to explain things only made me more confused.
“Yes, I had quite not thought of that!” I had no idea what he meant. “Walter and Jet, when we get to the fair you will take Mr. Eric here to get some suitable clothes so that he does not stand out so much. I will give you some coin for them.” 
He then leaned in closer to me. “Eric, I had not wanted to say much about anything; I was worried that you might grow concerned but really there is no help for it. In the future it would be best if you were… cautious about telling people too much about yourself. I am a well-traveled Lepus, but I do not pretend to understand everything. The stream you crossed runs a while on the Blackberry border. It is a strange place, even for us Lepus. Very few of your type, people,  have ever come across it and none that I know of have ever gone back. Men here are afraid of those woods. They might mistake you for someone or something they are not happy to know. The lower the profile for you the better.”
“Well ok, sure. What sort of thing would they mistake me fore, exactly.”
“Oh, I don’t know, I am sure. A bandit perhaps, or…”
“Andrew, I know you said you’d never seen fairies or such here-“
“Or talking  scarecrows, don’t forget those!”
“Yes, or those, but, well, this is a strange place-“
“For you.”
“Yes, for me, but well, are there thing I need to worry about?”
Andrew studied me for a moment. “Plenty, but what, exactly, do you mean Mr. Eric?”
“I mean, like, uh, I dunno, witches, casting spells or magic…” I felt foolish even as I said it. 
Andrew did not laugh, sensing my embarrassment, but he did smile. “Some people believe what they want to Mr. Eric, but no, no witches, no real ones anyway. There is enough danger and trouble in the world without inventing magical trouble too boot.”
“But, the bamboo, that all seems, well, if not magic, then plenty strange…”
“Yes, well ,that is why it is best not to speak of it. Well bless my stars if it isn’t Mr. Forth!” 
I turned to see a large silver rabbit coming across the campsite towards us. Andrew jumped up and hopped over. The two rabbits embraced and fell into a deep discussion. Again, a thousand questions went through my mind, and the peace I had been feeling all day vanished, yet again. 
Unfortunately, so had Walter and Jet. Suddenly I did not feel like being so social. I made my way back out to the edge of the campground and found a small embankment to lie down under. I put my quiver and knapsack under my head and looked up the stars, no more familiar than the previous night. Despite my swirling head I found myself drifting off to sleep.
I awoke to the pre-dawn sounds of camp breaking up. I walked around until I found Smit and Rake and soon afterwards Walter and Jet. Andrew was nowhere to be seen.
“Likely he and Mr. Forth went ahead to town,” Walter suggested. “Forth is another surveyor, so they probably are eager to get their report in. Come with us, Eric,” he said somewhat less gruffly than previous days, but still not with what one could call enthusiasm. 
“Oh, come now, Mr. Walter. Rake and I can guide young Eric through the fair well enough.”
“Mr. Andrew gave Jet and I specific instructions to stay with Eric.”
“Suit yourself then. If you want to have fun at the fair, Eric, then find us.” And with that Smit and Rake melted into the crowd.
“Don’t worry about them, Eric. They’ll find Mr. Andrew fast enough to get paid.”
I smiled at Walter. I could almost feel the clouds lifting now that Smit had left. “Yeah, don’t’ worry yourself, Walter. The back of those two is better I think by far.”
“Now you’re thinking,” Walter grinned. I realized it was the first time I had ever seen him smile. 
The three of walked for less than an hour and found ourselves on a small hill that overlooked the outskirts of the town of Williamsport. 
The town was the largest I had ever seen, which I guess isn’t saying much. I had only really been off the mountain proper a few times and never to town. Mom and Dad sheltered me, I know now. And seeing this large town laid out before me from the vantage point of a small hill, it seemed to me like the biggest city in the world. Looking back I guess it wasn’t really that big. 
A high wall surrounded a crowded center of the town, but outside the walls sprawled a larger tent city with hundreds of canvases stretched out. They were dozens of colors, some even striped, some patch work. Hundreds of people milled around them as hundreds more streamed down the hill on the road into town. Even beyond the tents were small stalls set up, and beyond them people had simply parked carts and were selling directly off of them. . It seemed the fair itself spilled out of the town around the broad front gate side.
 The town was built to last. The high walls went all the way around and a real-life castle in the center, although not exactly like the ones you see in fairytale books. It had towers at the corners and a large gate in the middle of the front, but the building was a simple affair, more of a large ox than a series of fancy towers. . It wasn’t very big but it was built to project strength. 
The town’s streets were crowded, with stone houses taking up every available square foot, even leaning into the street. As I looked down the main street thought he gate I could see all manner of things being sold out in front of each house. It was as if each house doubled as a small shop. So one house would have plates and bowls, the next a selection of shoes and so on. I later learned the shoes were all just models and that if you wanted a pair the shoemaker would custom make you a pair. The houses on the main street were all set up this way, their prime location made them expensive so that only merchants and tradesmen could afford them.  
I didn’t go into the center of town right away. Instead Walter, Jet, and I got off the road and walked along the town wall where the colorful tents were set up. All sorts of goods were being sold, from produce and food to cloth and tools. Everything looked handmade; nothing seemed to come from a store like the ones we had back home. 
I wasn’t sure when the fair had started, but all day I noticed more and more people coming into town. They seemed to be of all sorts: rich and poor, pale and dark and every shade in between. Most seemed excited and happy. In many spots performers had set up: jugglers, singers, and even a small stage on a cart with actors performing some pratfalls. If you can imagine something like a-county fair multiply that by 10 or more. 
The people wore brightly colored clothes. The women were in long skirts, often festooned with color ribbons or they would have elaborate patterns sewed into the cloth. The men wore mostly trousers, mostly made of plain looking brown or beige cloth. But every so often a man would walk by in almost a costume, a gaudily color over shirt tucked into wide flaring pants of equally gaudy material. They would walk in small groups, often wearing gold jewelry or carrying intricately detailed and bejewel swords. Behind them were always a larger group of plainly dressed men, usually carrying baskets full of goods. Some of the these richly dressed men appeared to be selling, but most were buying. 
Walter and Jet and I walked for a while, taking it all in. They seemed almost as amazed and curious as I was. I recalled they had been out surveying with Andrew for some years. Chances are they had not been to many markets this big either. We walked around, gazing at the wide variety of goods for sale. There were bolts of cloth; from plain to one so full of gold thread they sparkled in the sun. There was food, not just the many vegetables that I had seen so far, but all sorts of meat that made my mouth water, fished, hanging sides of beef, lamb and venison. Large pens of chickens and pigs took up some stalls. More than one vendor sold what seemed to be little toys, carved wooden figures that moved when you pushed in a small piece of wood, or balls of tightly wound string, wooden hoops painted in dazzling colors. I was pretty sure that one could have purchased almost anything one wanted, anything this world offered, at this fair. 
Finally, after about an hour of strolling Walter cleared his throat. 
“Alright Eric, we could wander all day but first things first. Andrew said you need new clothes. Between you and me, I bet we couldn’t dress a naked man, but I think Jet might be able to help. Look, there are a couple of tents with clothes in front. You two go on; I’ll get some rest outside.”
I thought it a little odd that he thought Jet, who had not said one word to me yet, would be of help. I guess he figured that a human was better help than a rabbit. So Jet and I ducked into a large green and white tent. Jet, being his usual talkative self, just shrugged and pointed to the lines of dresses hanging from strings tied to the ceiling. I smirked at him then saw an older lady leaning over a piece of clothing with a needle and thread.
“Excuse me.” 
She jumped a little. I think I startled her—either that or my clothing really did seem odd. 
“Crowds coming in sooner than I thought,” she said. “What do you need boy? Not a dress I suppose?”  
I bit my tongue. Back home I was old at 19; most of my friends my age had kids already. But maybe I seemed young.
“Uh, no ma’am. I need, um…” I turned to look at Jet for help, but couldn’t see where he was.
“Not from around here I’m guessin’ by the cut of those things. Let me guess, you need something a bit more.. in fashion? You have coin?”
I nodded. “Some, not endless. I just want something average…”
But she was off, looking through several small piles of clothing. 
 “Something that might help you get a date tonight?” she winked and laughed at her own joke.
“Sure. Nothing too much, just ,uh, you know…,” I lowered my voice to a whisper, “normal.” 
But the woman had already reached behind a barrel in the corner and gotten out a long green shirt and a pair of loose fitting brown pants. The shirt had some black embroidery work where the buttons met. It looked like a twist of black ivy was spilling down the front. 
“Here you go now, sweetie. Fit for farming, hunting, and a roll with a farmer’s daughter. Won’t get you past the castle gate, but then again I don’t suppose you’re expecting that.”
“Uh, no. No.” I stood there awkwardly, not sure what to do next. The times I had gone with my mom into town to get Sunday clothes, we had tried them on in the store. 
She stood there, the clothes still in her hands. “Anyways, it ain’t the clothes that are keepin’ the girls away I suspect. Here, try these on and if you like ‘em, they’re yours for a cheap price. Then you need to go out and have some fun. I think those tight clothes of yours are cutting off your circulation. Here, step behind the curtain there. I’ll fight off the gals!” she laughed again. 
I decided pretty much right then that however they looked I would just get them and go. I did not want to hang out any longer than I had too. As I stripped down I felt a sudden panic rise up in me. I guess I realized that I was in this whole affair, the whole world, now for more than a lark. I was like a snake shedding my skin.
The clothes fit well enough. I can’t say I looked sharp, but I did feel like I fit in more. I stepped back out and noticed Jet standing in the tent’s entry. Walter’s big frame was outside.
Jet eyed me and smirked. “You look fine. Pay the woman and let’s go.”
I can tell you that as many shocks as I had had in the previous few days this was by far the biggest. Jet had not only spoken but, well, she had spoken! I am sure the look on my face conveyed every thought that flashed through my head. Jet looked back at me, rolled her eyes, and leaned out of the tent.
“For the love of heaven above, Walter! Did you forget to mention I was a girl?” she yelled, her eyes ablaze. A loud and hearty laugh came from outside. Jet ducked out of the tent and I could hear Walter give an ooff as if he had been shoved. 
“It is not a rabbit’s job to tell men who the other men are. I can barely keep track myself!”
“Ah, go shove a carrot up your—”
“Jet, come back!” Walter boomed as she stormed off into the crowd. Walter turned around and poked his head into the tent. He wrinkled his nose then winked as the woman shot him a look.
“Pay her up, Eric, and be quick. Jet’ll cool off in a bit but I don’t want to spend all day looking for her.”
The woman named a price and seemed disappointed that I didn’t haggle. I had to remember that in the future.
Outside I felt noticeably better and cooler in the loose fitting clothes. I had wrapped up my old clothes in a bundle and shoved them in my knapsack.
“Never understood how you men cannot tell each other apart without so many disguises.”
“It’s kinda important, Walter. Isn’t it for Lepus too?”
“Ha! We rabbits can smell, you know. That’s all you need.”
“Well, how do I look?” I asked, holding my arms out to my sides. 
Walter gave a quick snort, “Like a stuffed pig. Come on, let’s look for Jet before she beats up some guy for looking at her wrong—or worse, drinks him under the table.”


There the old man stopped for a while. Riley held his breath, waiting for the next part of the story, until he was certain that the old man had fallen asleep. The night was now dark. Faint sounds of a TV came from the living room where Riley’s mother, back from work, was fast asleep herself on the couch.
“Well!” the old man suddenly exclaimed, “time for bed I’d say.”
“But wait Paw Paw. That didn’t explain anything! Are you waiting for the Walter rabbit to come get you or what? Is that why you’re sitting here every night? Did you like Jet or something?”
“Boy, it’s late. And no, that’s not the whole story. There’s more; a lot more. And no, I did not fall for Jet. But I tell you what: there is more and there is a girl; a wonderful, amazing girl.”
“Who is she? Was she the farmer’s daughter, what’s-her-name?”
The old man laughed and gently pushed himself up.
“Good night, Riley. Not a word of this to your mom and I’ll tell you some more tomorrow night, okay?”
“Okay. Thanks again, Paw Paw.”
“You already thanked me for the knife, Riley.”
“Not the knife: the story.”


Six – Archery 

The next night Riley’s mom was at work so he cooked up a pot of macaroni and cheese. He and the old man ate in silence in the kitchen. As the evening cooled off Riley and his great-grandfather went out to the porch. The old man settled into his chair. Riley sat down next to him, expectant. After composing himself for a moment the old man started talking again, as if he’d never stopped…

Walter and I met up with Jet halfway across the fairgrounds. She was watching an acrobat team performing. Walter slide up beside her and whispered something in her ear and she smiled. I stood off to the side, nervously shuffling from foot to foot. Walter turned back to me while Jet continued to watch the performers. 
“Hungry yet, Eric?” Walter asked. 
“Sure. Is there a food place?”
“I think over by the gate there were a bunch of stalls. Come on.”
I hurried to catch up to Walter and Jet, who had already headed off to find a bite to eat.
I tried to catch Jet’s eyes as they quickly walked along. “Look, uh Jet, I’m sorry…” 
Jet glanced at me, rolled her eyes, and doubled her pace. I wasn’t sure, exactly, what I had done, but I thought it best to let sleeping dogs lie.
Once we got to the stalls Walter sniffed for a moment and then headed over to a particular stall that from my vantage looked like all the rest. Walter insisted that I try what looked like a soup made of grass.
“Leeks. You know of them?”
“Oh sure. We used to roast ‘em with potatoes.”
“Sounds nice, but taste this. It’s like my mother used to make,” he said with nary a smile. 
I had to admit it was a wonderful soup, made with leeks, carrots, radishes, and a spice I couldn’t quite put my finger on. Anyway, it was a nice change from days of eating splints.
I was just about to ask about Walter’s mother when Jet sat bolt upright and looked out into the crowd. Walter saw the man well before I did, but I soon spotted what had gotten them so excited. It was the thief from the road. He looked sullen and beaten down but was walking free. He suddenly spotted the three of us and took off running the opposite direction. Walter started to get up but Jet put her hand out to block him.
“Just as well,” grumbled Walter and he sat back down on his haunches. “No sense causing trouble… not at least until we find Andrew and get paid.” He chuckled at his own joke. I busied myself mopping up my soup with a crust of bread that had come with the bowl.
“I just wish you hadn’t missed, Eric, and done his hand some harm” Walter said, his mouthful of bread.
“I didn’t miss, Walter” I protested.
“Come on now, sir! You got lucky is all. It was dark as the belly of a cat that night.”
“No it wasn’t. The moon had come out. You were asleep by then. If I had hit his hand all hell would have broken loose.”
“You’re telling me that wasn’t a lucky shot?”
“Been hunting with bow since I was five years old. Luck is for pennies and clovers.”
“Hmmph.”
“Okay, I’ll prove it. Name the target. I’ll hit it right now!” I had already gotten the bow off my shoulder. 
Walter stood up and put his brown paw on my hand, “Easy, Eric. Remember what happened in the woods when you tried that?” He had a smile on his face but his hand was firm and insistent. “I don’t think folks would take too kindly to you losing an arrow in the middle of a fair.”
“Okay, okay. Fine. Smit said something about an archery competition?”
“Probably. Seems like there’s always one at least, at these things.” 
Jet tugged Walter’s arm. She pointed to a field well off to the side of the main fairgrounds. “There,” she said and smiled at Eric. “Show us then.”
Multicolored banners sectioned off a large flat field apart from the rest of the fairgrounds. Set back and down the field were large bales of hay with bits of colored paper attached. These were not the bull’s-eyes I was used to, but it was clear enough they were targets. Several dozen people milled around, either sitting on the grass or standing under the shade of nearby large oak tree. Behind a small, narrow trench dug the length of the field stood about 20 archers. All had long bows, which I learned were the most popular kind although some folks did use crossbows and bolts sometimes but not, it seemed, in this competition.
There did not seem to be much organization. People were taking shots at the targets. After a few minutes one of the archers called out and the others put their bows down and walked to retrieve their arrows.
Meanwhile the spectators were more interested in looking at our party of three. Walter hung back. I looked at him with a question.
“It’s me, Eric,” he explained somberly. “Us rabbits aren’t known as good shots. We’re a little clumsy with the bow.”
“Well, I wished I knew that when we met!” I teased. That got a smile from him.
“Eric, go up to the man who called and ask him what’s going on. Jet and I will recline near the tree, maybe take a nap. Tell us when you hit something—on purpose.”
I had to laugh and made a rude gesture back to Walter and Jet as I walked over.
“Excuse me?” I asked the man as he came back to the trench. His clothes were decidedly a step up from mine, the cloth a nice shade of green trimmed with yellow.
“What ho?”
“Is this a competition?”
“No, we’re just practicing today, lad. You’re welcome to fit a slot towards the other end. Mind yourself and your arrows and it’ll be fine. If yer wanting to compete, that starts in the morning two days from now. Four crown to get in, 100 crown purse. You from a ways away I take it? Get a sight on who’s around. If you feel like you can carry your weight then by all means come back. I gotta warn you though: we take the bow very seriously in these parts. If ya been training with the likes of that,” he gestured over at Walter and Jet, “then you’re in for a world of hurt.”
To be honest, the truth of the place had not hit me yet, although I guess it should have by then. I was still trying to get the lay of the land as it were, but I could hear problems in the man’s voice. Walter, Jet, Andrew—even the somewhat sneaky Smith and Rake—had all been better than kind to me since I had gotten here. I am generally the congenial type, but people like me who lived up the mountain, were not too tolerant of snide comments about our company.
“I’d rather train for a hundred years with those types than suffer an hour with an idiot…,” I stopped short, suddenly aware that a few other of the people around us were listening in. “I am from a ways, mister. And where I come from we get to know a man before we judge him. Unless you got more advice I’ll be going off to shoot then.”
I know I was red from being steamed. I was confused, angry, embarrassed, and a little scared. I never was that good at reading people, not being around many growing up. I clearly had ignored a lot of signs and signals, but was not sure what to do. I was worried if I asked Walter about what had happened just then, the large grey rabbit would want to go rough up the guy. I decided to just let loose a few arrows and then go ask Walter to help me find Andrew. Maybe he could answer some of the questions that were bubbling up in my mind.
I found my way to the far end of the trench, about 20 people down from the man in green. As I laid my knapsack behind me an older man’s voice came from my left. I turned to see a fairly short man, almost as wide as he was tall, with, sure enough, a full set of whiskers. His grey beard ran down to this belt.
“Ignore him, boy. Reginald is a clown, a pompous ass who is mostly worried that people will find out he is the son of a tanner. Name’s Whisk,” he held out his hand. I smiled and shook it.
“Eric.”
“Pleased to meet you. Where you from?”
“Long story but not around here.”
“I suspected not. It’s a shame really, but most people around here don’t think twice about people like him. Heck, many folks around here think like him.”
“And how is that, exactly? Sorry to be blunt, but I can’t figure out what the deal is? I was kinda freaked out when I met the Lepus, but a lot of people here seem to be…”
“Resentful, scared, untrusting?”
“Yes, all those. Why?”
“That too is a long story. Just watch how you step, young master Eric, and you’ll be fine. Times are different now. Things are changing and people like Reginald think they have the upper hand. Now, you came to shoot, no? That’s a mighty fine bow you have. You any good?”
I smiled. You know I had not been boasting. I had been using a bow since I was five—heck, probably before that. There was something about setting up an arrow and then pulling back the string and letting the arrow fly. For the first time in days I felt calm and in control, especially after my run-in just moments before. I knew my bow and my arrows. It felt right.
I scanned the targets out at the other end of the field. I fixed on a small triangle of red on the bale nearest to where I stood. I turned to Whisk.  “After you, sir!” 
He smiled. Despite his stature his bow was full sized. He smoothly pulled the bow back and let loose the arrow. It flew with a slight wobble and hit the bale of hay, just not a target. 
I put my arrow in the rest of the bow and pulled back. I breathed in and let my thumb loose ever so slightly. The arrow, eager to fly, leapt from the rest, pushed by the string. It whistled cleanly in the air, gently curving as it fell back to earth, but not before coming to rest squarely in the middle of the red triangle.
Whisk let out a low whistle, “Not bad, Mr. Eric.” 
I turned and bowed with a smile. 
As the afternoon wore on I felt all the fear and strangeness of the past week melt away. Whisk left after a while. From time to time I would catch others in the line watching me as I shot. In turn I watched them to see, if as the man in green had noted, there was good competition. I was impressed with the others, but I felt that I had something they did not seem to have: instinct or walking aim. Hunting in the woods for my meals back on the mountain lets you develop a walking aim. It’s different from standing aim.
I took a break, going over to Walter and Jet. Walter was snoring gently while Jet sat beside him. She was carving on a stick.
“How long has he been out?”
“Too long. You finished playing yet?”
“About. I just want to try a few more rounds. I think I can do pretty well tomorrow. Say, you wouldn’t have four crown I could borrow? There’s a 100 crown purse. I know I can win enough to pay you back.”
Jet smiled, “Sure. Look, if you ever get done we can go find Andrew. You seem like a decent enough shot. I’ll spot you the four if he doesn’t.”
“Okay, let me go practice for another half an hour. Maybe by then sleepyhead will be awake.”
I had lost my place in the lineup and had to move toward the middle. I nodded hello to the man on my left and the one on my right. It took me a moment to realize the person on my left was actually a young girl. She seemed a couple of years younger than me. Like Jet she was wearing more of a man’s outfit instead of the large dresses with puffed sleeves many of the women had on. Her jacket cut tight on the arm, less likely to catch the string loosed from the bow. She was serious and focused as she pulled up her bow. Her hand and arm were steady as she focused on the target down field. I watched as she let go the arrow in a very fluid motion. The arrow landed on a green circle, finding the exact middle of her target. Only then did she turn my direction and kind of smirk.
Again, I bowed then turned back to my practice. I was aware she was watching me and for some reason her demeanor made me slightly nervous. Unlike the girls I had met at the campground she had a mature, serious air about her despite appearing to be a little younger. From her clothing to her bow, everything about her was nondescript but she stood out despite her plainness.
Her stare was a little unnerving. I let the shot go but it went wide. I put the bow down as I heard the field manager call all clear.
“Eric.” I held out my hand. 
She took it and gave it a firm quick shake and then started down the field to retrieve her arrow. “Karn,” she said as she walked. “Your shot was wide?”
I ran to catch up her. “Uh, yes.”
“Sorry. Did I distract you?”
“Well, yes, sort of. But I guess that’s what I get for staring at you. You have really good form.”
She smiled as she pulled her arrow out of the target.
“I mean, you shoot well,” I stumbled.
“For a girl, you mean.”
“No, that’s not what I meant at all. I mean, you shoot well. And it seems like you have decent aim.”
She stopped on her way back and pointed to the target. “Decent aim? Did you see where that hit?”
“Well, sure, but you too long to aim.”
“Really? Too long? How long should I have taken?”
“No offense meant, but if you were hunting or trying to defend yourself you can’t stand around all day making perfect aim.”
We were back at the line. She laughed.
“I’ll be glad to take advice if you’d show me you can even put an arrow in the hay, Mr. Eric.”
I was still nervous. For some reason she was making the sweat drip from my brow. It was like when I was at a church social and spied one of the girls from down on the flats in their best Sunday dresses. But this girl, Karn, wasn’t like them. Those girls were silly; always laughing, trying to catch a fella’s eye. Karn had a confidence that was magnetic. Still, it was a mystery why she made me so self-aware.
I took a deep breath. Then I fluidly picked up the bow, unsheathed the arrow, loaded it, and let it fly. The arrow landed with a sharp thwap on the outer edge of a red square in the center of the bale of hay.
I turned to look at the girl. She gave another laugh that made me feel suddenly overheated.
“Well, okay, points for speed, but your aim is lacking.”
“True, but it would still have hit the deer.”
“Perhaps, or just glanced off of it; or worse, wounded it. You seem to be somewhat out of it I’d say. Why don’t we warm up a bit and then have a spot of a contest. I’d say you’re a little rusty after your trip.”
“Okay, sure. What makes you think I am not from here?”
She just smiled, gestured towards my entire body, and turned to take another shot.
I gradually become more myself as we took several rounds of practice. We did not talk much. She seemed focused and I was unwilling to break her mood. After a while Jet and Walter came up behind us.
“Eric, you done?” Walter asked between shots, sounding as if he’d just woken up.
“Just about.” I stepped back towards the two. 
Karn turned around and smiled at Walter. “He’ll be done in a moment. I have to show him once and for all I am the better shot.”
“Really?” Walter laughed. “Eric, you still trying to convince people you know how to work that thing? Miss, I tell you he’s gotten off a lucky shot and thinks he’s the ace. If I were you I’d bet a little on the side, make a little extra.”
“Thank you, good sir” Karn answered all smiles. “I’ll keep that in mind.” 
I noticed right away that Karn did not seem bothered by Walter’s sudden appearance, even as a few others beyond her gave the large rabbit second and thirds looks. 
“Mind you, he’s broke… for now. Tell you what Eric: Jet and I will hop off to find Andrew and our reward. We’ll be back here to fetch you later. Of course, I am sure we will more than likely have to pay the lass a handsome sum.”
“Not likely”
Walter and Jet were already walking away. Walter shouted back, “You missed!”
“No, I didn’t, ” I shouted, half laughing. “Besides, your furry tail slept all afternoon; how would you know?” Walter made what seemed to be a rude gesture with his paw. 
“Friends?” Karn asked, a smile on her face.
It struck me that I wasn’t really sure how to answer. Finally I decided, “Yes. I sort of fell in with them.”
 “Lucky. Not many people fall in with Lepus, you know.”
“Tell me about it. Walter only tried to kill me about a dozen times and not many were in jest.”
She started to laugh until she saw I was serious. “You are getting stranger by the minute, Mr. Eric.”
“Good. Perhaps I’ll match you eventually then.”
She seemed taken back somewhat. Although I said it as a joke I also half meant it. Maybe I sounded too harsh.
“How am I strange?”
My face grew hot. Karn huffed out a small puff of air.
“Look, let’s just do this, okay?” I said, to cover my impudence. “A point for each target hit; the one closest to the center gets another point. First one to…let’s say ten, wins.”
I let Karn go first and she let loose three arrows, all packed tightly around the middle of a green square.
“Not much room for me there,” I said as I loaded up an arrow. She smiled and held her hand out towards the target. With just a skip pause in between I let loose my three. There was a reason for the pause.
“So a point each then? How much for the leaf?”
“What leaf?” Karn asked, squinting at the target.
“One just floated in front of the target, so I stuck it to the top right corner.”
“How did you…?Ahhh, but it’s not on the target, so it’s three to two then, isn’t it? Plus I got closest to the middle so it’s four – two. The leaf is just luck,” she laughed as she went to the target. 
“Oh Lord, not you too?” I said with a laugh. “Look, it isn’t luck.”
“Sure it is. You hit a leaf accidently. There’s no way you could have seen the leaf and aimed and hit it.”
“There is if you stop thinking when you aim.”
By now we had walked up to the target to retrieve our arrows.
“And how am I supposed to hit anything if I don’t think about it.”
“Instinct.”
“Instinct. Really? What about skill, precision, practice?”
“All important for the foundation, Karn,” I agreed. “Look, I know I said you were strange—” 
“Forget it.” 
“No, listen: I meant…I mean, I see something in you. You have remarkable skill with the bow. But you’re too formal, too stiff. You don’t hunt for food do you? You shoot for pleasure, not to survive.”
Karn stopped and looked at me. The day was getting longer in the field. A small breeze was picking up. She was used to dealing with people, reading them rather than listening to their words. She started to say something then stopped. Started again, then again a stop. Finally she said, “If you can stick another leaf then I will listen to you. If not, then you’ll shut up and watch me win at the tourney.”
“Deal.”
They walked back to the trench. Karn unshouldered her bow and quiver. She looked down at her bow, fiddling with the string where it attached to the top of the bow “It’s getting late and I have to be back within the town before evening bells, so if you don’t—”
“Done,” I smiled.
Karn stared with a kind of dumb expression at the target where my arrow had stuck another leaf, this time closer to the middle, but still shy of the red square.
“How did, I mean, when—?”
“Well, you said you were in a hurry and I saw the leaf falling. This is what I mean, Karn: I lack your grace and finesse, but I can hit the target even when I don’t have time to think about it. Tell you what: you teach me style and I can teach you instinct.”
A wide smile spread over Karn’s face. “Acceptable. Be here tomorrow at daybreak. I can’t teach you everything I know and I doubt you can teach me either, but we’ll try for a bit and then be ready for the competition. “
“Deal.”
“It was a pleasure meeting your, Mister Eric.”
“Likewise. Miss Karn,” She reached out her hand I shook it, and then I bowed again. 
Watching Karn walking away from the field back towards town, I realized the evening was creeping up on me quickly and there still was no sign of Walter and Jet. I sat under the large oak tree to wait, thinking about Karn. I had never been in love before. I’d had crushes, sure, but never anything deeper than a chance to dance at a social. So I wasn’t sure exactly what I was feeling as I sat under that tree. I suddenly felt… possibilities. I felt them in a way I had never felt before. It was weird. It wasn’t a hot flush but really more of a cool breeze.
I was so deep in thought I didn’t even notice the two men who walked up to me.
“Well, living star…look at this, Rake!”
I snapped out of my daydream pretty quickly, “Smit, Rake.” I stood up, smiled, but decided it was best to remain on the defensive. I could smell their breath even from a few feet away. “Found Andrew I see.”
“Yeah. We did our part ‘n now we’re going to have a little fun. No harm in that, boy. You found a contest I see. You in, kid?”
“Sure, Smit. Why not?”
“Right, kid, don’t listen to the damn rabbits. You got a good shot there. “ 
I suppose he meant to make me feel better, but instead I just felt hot under my collar. Even in his state I guess he could sense my tension.
“Come on, kid. Rake ‘n I’ll show you the town, or fair, or whatever. Really, the best part is down that way. They have delicious cider ‘n some lovely ladies, if you ask me… or Rake.”
“Thanks, Smit; I’m waiting for Walter and Jet.”
“Think he’s her type, Rake?” 
Rake let out a laugh and then coughed. His head bobbed like it was about to slip off.
“Listen bunny boy: those goddamn rabbits…you don’t know a horses ass about them, do you?”
“Look Smit, I think maybe you could go now, before—”
“Shut up, boy. I’m trying to save you a little…trouble. Least you can do is listen. Dem rabbits cause all sort of crap and trouble for the rest of us. They think they’re all high and mighty. They come in and take our jobs; worm their way into the courts and the councils and they ain’t done nothing to stop the stuff that came with them. Those monsters will end up destroying this place. They deny everything but you’ll see. You end up on their side and you’ll be on the wrong side. Save yourself a world of trouble n just back off” Smit had his finger stuck to my chest.
We all froze as we heard Walter loudly clear this throat.  “Smit, Rake…you found Eric. Good. Wishing him a good bye, I trust.” 
Smit backed away, “Just some friendly advice and an invitation to have a little jig and a little jug, Mr. Walter.” Smit’s voice was laughing but his eyes, fixed on me, were hard. He turned around and gave a low, exaggerated bow to Walter, stood up and tipped his cap to Jet.
“So, we’re off then. Sure you won’t join us, Eric? Last chance. ” 
The final words had an edge to them that made me more irritated than scared.
“No thanks,” I said as evenly as I could. As they left, going up the hill to find another pint, I turned to Walter and Jet. “What is his problem? He’s like some sort of Jekyll and Hyde.”
“Not sure who those two are,” Walter smiled, “but Smit’s problem is simple: he was born beneath his station in life—or so he believes. Never mind him. Here,” Walter handed me four coins, “we found Andrew. He sends you this for tomorrow.”
“Andrew did? Why would he??”
“He was very happy to hear you were entering the contest. Although I told him he was delusional, he seems to think you’re a good shot. He seems to think he’ll get his money back” Walter winked.
“I can’t take this. He’s done too much already: the clothes, food…besides, Jet said she would lend me the money.”
“Oh, that’s no good, Eric. Jet’s already blown her wages on dresses and tarot cards.” 
Walter gave a slight oooof as Jet sharply elbowed him. 
Jet smiled at me, I think for the first time since I had arrived. “ Take the money, Eric. Walter’s as blind as he is smelly. I know you’ll win first place. Then you can treat us all to a proper feast.”
“Thanks, Jet. A feast right now sounds wonderful. Point me to the food; I’m starving.”


Seven  – Trouble SOON ENOUGH 

Jet and Walter took me to a large tent on the outskirts of the fair. I could hear loud voices, laughter, and sudden shouts coming from the tent. Inside it was decorated with lots of strung candle lit lanterns and there were groups of people sitting on bales of hay drinking from large mugs filled with spiced hard cider. In the middle of the tent a small band complete with an accordion, a fiddle and a man thumping a wooden box played what sounded like waltzes. Through the knots of people I could see large wooden barrels in the back on their side. Large, jolly women stood in front of each, filling mugs with the golden colored liquid. 
A few people turned to look at us when we came in—it was difficult to miss Walter’s large body—but most people did not seem to care. We headed toward the side and found a small area away from the crowd. Even so, within moments one of the women came up with a handful of mugs.
“Cider’s all?” Walter asked, shouting to be heard above the din. 
The woman shook her head yes. Jet put up three fingers, the woman put up five. Walter handed her some coins and she handed over three full mugs. The cider had a sharp crisp taste, flavored with some spice I couldn’t identify. It felt warm going down. I must have had a smile on my face.
“It is good, no?” Walter bellowed as he swigged the entire mug down and held up a paw for more. The serving maid frowned at him but soon returned with another. A band played somewhere in the crowd adding to the noise and chaos. I sat back and noticed that besides us, there were only people there. Just as I was about to ask Jet, who was next to me, where all the Lepus were a large grey bunny flopped down next to Walter. 
“Ay! Path!” Jet called out. 
The rabbit smiled in her direction and then began to earnestly chat with Walter. Walter and Path seemed oblivious. I t was fascinating to watch the two of them “talk.” For every sound they made they probably made three or four twitches of their noses or whiskers. Every so often, almost, it seemed, for emphasis, one of them would thump their foot rapidly. As I sipped my cider I began to notice that the thumps were not the same. Sometimes there would be one loud thump, other times a series of thumps, alternating loud and soft. At one point Walter let loose a rapid series of staccato thumps, all the same intensity and the two of them laughed uproariously. 
After  a while Walter signaled for more cider. The server now had a very dour look on her face. I noticed a few other people nearby also staring at us; or more precisely, the two rabbits. To the man the people around us had sour looks on their face. A few even got up and moved away, sitting back down at tables across the tent. 
“What’s their problem?” I asked Jet, jerking my head towards a table of particularly sour looking men. 
Jet laughed and leaned in, “Lepus! Same as everyone else. One by himself is fine; get more than a couple in a room and people get nervous. Think they’re going to cause trouble. They never do, of course—the rabbits, that is. People are another thing. We’ll be fine with just the two of them; it’s when we get three that trouble starts. I just hope Nell doesn’t show.”
“Who’s Nell?”
“The third rabbit,” Jet said, with a look that asked if I were thick. 
“Do you think, maybe sometime, you or anyone here could just explain to me what the hell is wrong with the rabbits?” I yelled, trying to get above the noise of the crowd. 
“Nothing’s wrong with them!” Jet looked angrily. 
I put up my hand flat. “Okay, I get that, but it seems like you and I are about the only ones.”
“Oh, that. Long story. People think they have foxes.”
“Foxes?”
“You know, after them.” 
I am sure I looked totally lost. 
Jet sighed and pulled closer. “People think the rabbits have foxes chasing after them.”
“Okay, so, people don’t like foxes? I didn’t like them in the chicken coups at home but they’re not gonna cause me any harm.”
“No, not those foxes. Big foxes. Bigger than the rabbits. A lot bigger. Or people say. Never seen one myself, but people think you get too many rabbits around and the foxes come. Load of crap I say.”
“Giant foxes? Wouldn’t they be hard to miss?”
“My point. Oh, no,” Jet looked concerned. 
“What?” 
“The third rabbit just arrived.”
“Should we go?”
“No, relax. It’s a big crowd. Three will push the limit but—never mind, we’re in trouble. We just got the fourth. Walter!” She shouted and held up her hand, flashing three then four fingers to him. “Eric, how are you with your fists?”
“Been in a couple of scuffles; I can hold my own,” I replied, trying to sound braver than I was beginning to feel.
“Good. Make your way out, and don’t let anyone stop you, clock ‘em if they do. Meet us outside by the large oak. And do not go for your bow. You’ll end up in the keep for sure that way. Just get out of the tent as fast as you can, understand?” 
“Wait, Jet; I want to help.”
“Then get out and stay out of the way,” she yelled, maneuvering around the table to get in front of Walter and the three other rabbits. I noticed that the tent had fallen somewhat quiet. Even the band stopped playing. Jet stopped in front of the table and smiled grimly at the small knot of large men with angry faces in front of her. She put her hands up to the crowd. 
“No need for such hostility, good people. My friends and I had a drink and now we’re off, we’ll be no bother to anyone if you please?” She motioned with her hand for the men to move aside, but they did not budge. 
The smallest of the bunch, teetering on his feet, clearly way too deep in the drink, stepped forward half a step. “Look, little flea. Ain’t you we’re concerned ‘bout; it’s the filthy vermin behind ya. Step off.”
“Get your friend a seat before I do it myself,” Jet addressed the men behind the drunk through gritted teeth. Her voice had grown very cold and quiet, but there was no mistaking the message. “Now let us through and no one will get hurt.”
“Filthy little flea—ugh!” 
Jet’s hands quickly boxed the man on his head, sending him down in a pile. It was about then that all hell broke loose. Walter and the three other rabbits made giant leaps for the tent opening, throwing aside several people in the way and a few others who were trying to stop the escaping rabbits. I had probably waited a few seconds too long to begin my escape. A fairly large guy stepped in front of my path. Remembering what Jet told me I wound my arm up and smashed my fist as hard as I could into his stomach. He made a loud noise but did not budge. So I wound my arm up again and this time aimed a bit lower. He doubled over and I darted around him. 
Around me was complete chaos. Two burly guys had Walter by his long ears, with one of the men standing on Walter’s legs, the other holding one of Walter’s arms. Both were careful to avoid getting punched by Walter’s wildly swinging free paw. 
 The other rabbits were nowhere to be seen; neither was Jet. Instinctively I grabbed a nearby stool and swung it as hard as I could against one of the men, causing him to yell and let go of Walter’s arm. Walter promptly boxed both men hard with his paws and they fell quickly. 
“Get out!” Walter screamed, bounding ahead of me, disappearing into the tumult..
“I’m trying!” I yelled as I scrambled for the tent opening. 
“Well, try harder!” Walter screamed as I lost him in the crowd.
 I was surrounded by people were yelling and fighting. Well, mostly barkeeps were yelling, trying to restore order before the tent was destroyed. In the confusion people seemed to have lost track of the fact that I was with the rabbits. As I got closer to the door I found myself being carried rather than blocked. I guess a lot of other people had the same idea and within seconds I spilled out onto the ground along with a dozen others. 
I didn’t wait around to introduce myself. I bolted up and took off straight ahead into the mass of tents and booths set up in the fairground. I rounded several tents and finally arrived at a quiet and deserted area. Catching my breath I looked around and tried to get my bearings, scanning the horizon for a large oak. I had no idea where Jet and Walter had gone. 
I heard voices coming closer. I ducked behind an empty booth to wait for the voices to pass. I could only hear a bit of the conversation.
“Ain’t it always like that? Them boys starting trouble with the rabbits. Why I ask you, why mess with ‘em?”
“Lord knows what them Lepus can do to you when you aren’t lookin’. I says we’d be better off ignoring ‘em.”
“Still, they always seem to find trouble.”
“Trouble finds them. I ain't never seen a rabbit start nothing.”
“We’d be better off without them.”
“And who’d haul your stones Gibson, from the quarry for so cheap?”
“I’d make do.” The man sounded less certain.  
The voices faded as they walked away and I came back out from behind the booth.  It took several minutes to locate the large tree off on the far edge of the fairground, well away from the beer and mead tents in the center. I saw only Jet at first, sitting with her back to the tree.
“Thought maybe you got the pulp beat out of you,” she said with nary a trace of a smile.
“No, I got away, no thanks to you lot.”
“I told you to clear out. Not my fault you stood there like a slack jawed-yokel.” 
I ignored her sarcasm. “Where are Walter and company?”
“Down there talking and hiding. We should join ‘em until the commotion fades a little. I doubt anyone will worry too much; not worth the hassle, but you never know.”
I still didn’t see Walter until Jet got up and walked down a slope to where the three rabbits were laying down, murmuring to themselves. They blended very well into the hillside in the dark of the night. 
I lay down next to an empty wagon parked at the bottom of the short hill. I was tired, but my mind was racing. Jet sat down next to me, making a small place to settle in directly under the wagon. It was almost like she was nesting for the night.
“You tired, Eric?” she asked.
“Yeah, but not going to go to sleep. My mind is wide awake.”
“I bet. We haven’t talked much since you got here. Must seem a little strange, huh?”
“Yeah, a little.” We both laughed. “It’s not too weird. I mean, it’s like I just crossed a stream, that’s all. But the rabbits do throw me off. What’s up with them really? Andrew didn’t tell me anything at all.”
“He’s good at that, not telling you much, he’s been in the employ of the king’s ministers too long. But yeah, the rabbits. It’s a long story.”
“I’ve got time.”
“Really? I mean, you seem to have fallen in here pretty easily, I would think you’d be eager to get back to where you’re from, especially after tonight.. No one to go back to over there?”
“Nope. No. My parents both died about six months ago. Not much work around those parts either. Seems nicer here, too.”
“Hmmph. Well, must be pretty bleak there if this looks nice.”
“Not so bad back home, but not better either. But anyways, you’re getting away from the story Jet, just like Andrew.”
“Sorry. Habit. So you want to know about the rabbits? The simple is that they showed up about oh, a hundred years ago. Came out of the mountains in the West.”
“You mean, my mountains?” I asked, having no idea what directions were what here.
“No. Well, not that I know of. The bamboo forest where you came from is down South, close to the Galyts desert. See, this land here, in the valley, is surrounded on all sides. Kind of pins us in.”
“What do you mean surrounded? I thought the rabbits came in. I came in.”
“Well, that’s the issue. We can’t figure out how to go beyond this vale. See, to the South is Early, to the East is the great ocean, and then to the North and West are the mountains.”
“So the rabbits came over the mountains?”
“Yes.”
“So why not go back over the way they came?”
“Well, they guard that passage and they’ve never allowed anyone back up. Say it’s too dangerous. But that’s what gets them in trouble.”
“Why?”
“People wanna know what’s over there. But for as long as we’ve had records no one has ever found a passage over the mountains. Some people say that other creatures come over from the mountain with the rabbits.”
“The foxes?”
“Exactly.”
“But no one’s ever seen them?”
“No. Well, no one reputable. And the rabbits aren’t telling. Most of the rabbits here today have never even been over the mountain. They’re called nats—naturalized rabbits. But at the passage you might run into to some overs.
“Rabbits who have been there and back I’m guessing.”
“Yeah. It’s really not a big deal. The rabbits settled in nicely. Most of them live way out in the country in burrows, far from people. But some folks still get itchy about them. Trust issues, I guess. People don’t bother to get to know any of the rabbits and so they can’t trust them. ”
“And that’s why tonight—”
“Exactly.”
“And what was the deal with the flea remark, if you don’t mind me asking.”
Jet grunted and spat on the ground. “It’s crass. Ugly. Fleas are women who, uhm… live with rabbits.”
“Oh. And do you…I mean, are you and Walter…?”
“What?” Jet scowled and then her face softened and she laughed. “Well, okay, okay. I guess it would seem that way, but no. That’s another long story. You lost your parents right? I lost mine when I was eight. Walter took me in, trained me to be a shield—that means someone who travels with groups of people to protect them.”
“So do you have anyone then?”
“Naw, Eric, not really,” she smiled, then looked at me and she gasped and then hit me, “don’t you go thinking that, either!”
“What?” I asked, smiling.
“Not happening, solider. Plus you aren’t what I usually look for anyway. You’re not… soft enough.” she smiled again, this time I think from the look on my face.
“Sure. Okay.”
“Go to sleep, Eric.”
“Sure Jet. And thanks.”
“For what?”
“Everything. For not killing me the first time we met.”
“Sure, no problem. I have a soft spot for the lost,” she smiled.

 Eight – The Girl

The next day I got up early, leaving Jet and the rabbits still sleeping, to meet Karn outside the archery range. When I got there I was surprised to see her already waiting. Her eyes darted nervously, in a way they hadn’t the day before.
“Hey, ready to practice?”
“Sure. Listen Eric, would you mind if we took shots somewhere else?”
“I guess not. Why?”
“No reason. Look, too many people around here anyway. I want to take our time, not worry if people are waiting. I know of a glen over that hill about 10 minutes away. It’ll give us room. You can teach me your method. I can teach you how to draw a bow,” she smiled, grabbing my arm and pulling me away from the range.
It was a short walk through the summer fields. With the grass waist high we soon lost sight of the fairgrounds. I could see the tension melt away from Karn’s face the further away we got. We eventually found ourselves in low ground beside a small brook. The trees were larger, the air cooler, and no one was around as far as I could see. Karn herself took a quick look too. “Everything okay?” I asked.
“Yes, sure. Sorry. I had a fight with my father today. He objects to me coming out here. He thinks I should stay at home.”
“Well, okay, I guess. You have chores?”
“What, are you taking his side now?” Karn asked with a smile but I could detect a real question in there.
“No, no. I didn’t grow up with any sisters or brothers. They’d all moved away. I had to do all the chores. But the way I figure it, if you do all the stuff you have to then you can do whatever you want.”
“Even if it isn’t proper for a lady?”
I laughed, maybe too loudly. “Well m’lady , I didn’t mean to offend. I figured you were just a regular ol’ gal. I didn’t realize I was dealin’ with royal town folk.”
“What do you mean?” her face darkened, but I still didn’t get it.
“Sorry, I was just joking. Back where I come from there are two types of folks: people on the mountain and town folk. It’s the town folk who always put on airs, talking about what girls ought to do or not do. But up on the mountain you just do what needs to be done. My momma did everything my daddy did—maybe more. Heck, if she could’ve voted she would have been there right off. She weren’t afraid of no one and was no one’s fool.”
I looked up to see Karn smiling broadly. “She sounds like a great lady, maybe one day I could meet her?”
“No, hardly, she’s um dead.”
“I’m sorry.”
“You didn’t know. I suppose there’s a lot of stuff you don’t know—about me, I mean.”
We stood there for a moment, the sounds of the summer day beginning to get louder as the sun rose in the sky. I stood there for a moment and stared at her, she stared back. I found myself tipping into her deep brown eyes. I felt a strange sensation on my skin, like putting your hand under running water and you get a charge all over your body. 
Finally Karn broke the spell. “Are we going to sit around all day talking or are you going to show me how you shoot that bow so fast?”
We spent the morning taking turns, showing each other what we knew about the bow…

There was silence from the old man. Riley thought maybe he had forgotten where he was, but then saw it was more like he was lost in thought. Finally the old man coughed, shifted in his seat.
“Ever been in love Riley? Really in love?”
“Sure, I guess Paw Paw. There’s a girl, a senior. She makes me feel special, like I’m the only one in the world. She and got to know each other when I got them detentions in the spring. I guess she’s trouble too, but I can’t help myself.”
The old man laughed, “Exactly. You know. It was like that. Maybe it was because we were alone, but it really did seem like the world had suddenly become so small, just the two of us. I can recall every moment of that day. I know I can. I remember the way the tall grass tickled my hands as we walked to retrieve arrows, how the bird songs seemed so loud in the quiet of the glen, Karn’s brown hair in the sun, her smile, and her laugh. I was pretty sure, right then, that I could spend a million years with her and not feel closer to her. “
“Did you kiss her Paw Paw?”
The old man laughed again. His eyes sparkled. “Yes, Riley, we kissed. It was towards evening. The sun was low, the breeze had died down. The world stopped spinning there for a moment…”

“Eric, I have to go now,” Karn told me suddenly. “I have to be back in town before dark.”
“Go with me to the fair, Karn. Let’s look around, play some of the games.”
“I can’t. My father wouldn’t like it.”
“Come on, Karn. We can break the rules just once. I’ll go back with you and explain.”
“No! I mean, no. Anyway, you are awfully brave to say that without knowing my father but no.”
I started to protest again, but the look on her face told me it was useless. Karn was unlike the girls at home, who would laugh and giggle and act stupid even if they weren’t Karn’s whole demeanor let you know that she put up with no fools. 
We stood there awkwardly for a moment, I wasn’t sure what to do next. Finally I spoke.
“Okay, but can meet again here tomorrow? The tournament is only two days away.”
She bit her lip and thought about it for a moment. “Yes, okay.” 
“Good, first thing?”
She nodded. I still stood there, like the inexperienced boy I was. 
Karn turned to leave but then suddenly turned back around and hooked her arm around my neck, pulling my face towards hers. Yes, that was the kiss. It was the kiss. I had kissed a few girls at church socials and such but never like this. It shot through me like electricity. If there ever was a kiss that changes your whole life this was it, and I knew it right then too, right then and there I felt everything change. Everything.
 I swear when she finally broke away it almost hurt. When I opened my eyes she was looking at me with the strangest mix of happiness and fear. I thought maybe I had done something wrong.
“Karn, I—”
“I have to go now Eric. Meet me back here, tomorrow. Right here!” 
I tell you I wanted to run after her with all my might, but I didn’t. Looking back I guess I should have been more concerned about how all of this was unfolding, but when you’re young you don’t ask a lot of questions—at least I didn’t. I was letting life wash over me—had been since I got to this place. It was like one of those hot summer days when you feel almost weak; you just let life happen and worry about tomorrow some other day.
Nine – The Burrow

I wandered back to the fair in a daze. “Eric?”
I had walked right past Jet in front of the archery range, not even seeing them in my fog of love..  “Oh, hey. What’s up?”
“You tell me. This is the third time today I’ve been back here looking for you. I thought maybe someone from last night’d recognized you and you ended up in the keep. Where the heck have you been?”
“I, uh, well,” I pointed vaguely back the way I’d come, “was practicing.”
“With that girl from yesterday, huh? I knew it! That would explain the dazed look. Watch out for fair romances. Eric. They’ll get you in the end.” I smiled and Jet gave me a dirty look, “Crud. You’re in deep, aren’t you?. What’s her name?”
“Karn. She’s amazing, Jet. I think I’m—”
“Save it, lover boy. She’s bound to break your heart.” Jet said. 
“You don’t even know her, Jet. She’s an amazing shot with the bow.”
“Eric, do you know her? What, you met her when—yesterday? Heck, on that level you and I should be married.”
“Not like that, Jet. You ever been in love, Jet? It’s like magic.”
“Have you ever been in love is more like it. That’s puppy love, mister. Anyway, I guess Walter and I will pick up your broken heart regardless. Come on, we’re going someplace new.”
“Where? Another tavern? ‘Cause if I am being honest, last night was not that much fun for me.”
“No, no more taverns for now; too much going on. Nope, this is better; quieter. It’s a place not many folks get to see. Shush and follow me, lover boy.”
Jet and I left the fairgrounds and went back down the road we had followed into town. After a little ways we veered off the road, pushing through a hedge. On the other side was a narrow, barely noticeable pathway that wound down a bank from the road. We walked for about 15 minutes. Jet said nothing—she was good at that. The pathway often almost disappeared altogether and it didn’t help that night was falling. Finally we stopped in front of a small bush. I wasn’t sure what was going on and began to feel kind of nervous. If Jet had wanted to do me harm she’d had plenty of chances before—but I wasn’t sure.
“Okay, Eric, serious business now. You gotta swear that you’ll never tell anyone about this, okay?”
“Sure, Jet. But you’re kinda worrying me here.”
“Sorry, Eric. There’s nothing to worry about. It’s just that we’re about to go into a burrow. You know what a burrow is?”
“You mean like a rabbit burrow?”
“Exactly. See, the Lepus like to live away from folks—no sense getting in the way. Most folks don’t know or don’t care where the Lepus live so most have never seen a burrow, and the rabbits like it like that. But I convinced Walter and Path to let you come tonight. So stay calm and watch your step. I guarantee it’ll be a better time than last night.”
“Okay. Andrew told me about them. But, I meant to ask him; how are we gonna fit into a burrow?” 
Jet looked at me like I had lost my mind, which I guess I had—Walter was about six feet tall, almost as tall as I was. She turned around and pushed through the bush. Behind it was a large hole, about three feet across, dug into the side of a small hillside cliff, the top of which was about twenty feet up. You did have to kinda duck going through the entrance but once in I was able to stand comfortably in a spacious, long tunnel. I could hear voices echoing from the end of it.
“Come on. This is Satchel’s burrow. She’s friends with Path and Walter and lives with Andrew’s brother, Mike.”
“Okay. Say, why is it that Andrew has such a normal name and everyone else seems to have strange names?”
“Like Walter? Well, anyway, good point, long story. Some other time. Now, relax. You’ll be fine.” 
That was the second time she’d warned me. It wasn’t helping.
We came to the end of the corridor and it opened into a large living area. In one corner was a full-fledged fireplace with a roaring fire. The walls were bare earth, but covering some of them were tapestries or colorful bolts of cloth. All around sat Lepus, either leaning up against the wall or just sitting on large pillows. There was no other furniture. In one spot there were baskets with vegetables and pots with steaming stews.
Since arriving in the valley I had never seen more than four rabbits together but here there were easily a couple dozen, with all sorts of colored coats, from midnight black to pure white. Most, however, were some sort of grey mixture with perhaps a splash of black or white or brown.
The air was heavy and thick, filled with smoke from the fireplace but also from what I learned were pipes full of lavender. The Lepus smoked it to relax. The smell was overwhelming at first, but as I stood on the threshold I slowly adjusted to the smell and the lack of light besides the fire. I also learned that Lepus have excellent night vision and prefer low lighting. What I could not get used to was the chatter of many voices, almost all speaking in Lepus, which of course I could not understand. The noise was not ugly, but sounded so foreign on my ears that my head soon began to hurt. I found it better to just try and tune the sound out. 
Jet went in first and I assumed I would slip in and sit beside her someplace, but as soon as I came into the large area Walter’s booming voice rang out above the chatter.
“Jet! Eric! Welcome. Come in Eric, don’t be shy!” 
Of course that made me immediately feel about as shy as I could be, but I stepped in and tried to smile now that every rabbit’s eyes were on me.
“Everyone, this is Eric!” Walter said as he hopped towards me. He then repeated it in Lepus. A friendly murmur went up from the crowd. As Walter came closer he put a paw on my shoulder. 
“Come on, Eric. Come sit with Path and I. I’ve been telling everyone about you—all good, I promise.”
 “Really?”
“Oh sure; I told ‘em all about how your sloppy shooting accidently saved my life!”
“Great. Did you also mention me saving your life again last night? Or was that an accident too?” 
Walter laughed and nudged me into a far corner by the fire. 
Most of the crowd had turned back to their conversations, but more than a few rabbits kept looking in my direction. Jet had already made herself at home next to Path talking to another girl, much to my surprise. I don’t know why I thought we were the only people here.
“Eric, this is Grace. She’s a friend,” Jet said as I came close. 
	I smiled and nodded at a slight girl, who seemed younger than Jet and certainly less hard-edged. She had long brown hair that was tied up in a fancy hairdo. She and Jet quickly resumed talking.
I sat down next to Walter and Path, the rabbit I had met briefly the night before at the drinking tent. He had been with the others around the campfire afterwards. Path was brown with a dark, almost black, stripe running down his back. He has green eyes and a black nose. 
“Hello, Eric. Good to see you again. Sorry to cut and run last night. Tonight should be less, exciting—I hope!”
“Hi Path. Nice to meet you, again.  Yeah, I hope it will be quieter. That was not what I call fun.” 
He laughed a hearty laugh. “So Eric, tell me the story of how you got here. Walter says you fell out of the bamboo forest. Is that possible?”
“I guess. I mean, I did. I don’t rightly know how I got here. I was just walking and before I knew it I crossed a creek and tumbled out into a field. Next thing I know I see giant rabbits and people.”
“Bet that was a shock. I know; I’ve been there.”
I was confused. “What do you mean?”
“I’ve been to the other side. I know how small us Lepus are over there.”
“Really? You’ve been back home? I mean, where I’m from? Why?”
“Some of us have gone there from time to time. Not especially welcoming though.” 
He response was hurried, nervous, only later did I realize he had avoided the question. 
Walter came back by this time with several mugs, “Beer. None of that cider junk. And help yourself to some bean stew. It’s good stuff.”
“Thanks. So is this some sort of tavern then?” I asked, after taking a deep draft of the quite good if not exactly cold beer.
“Nope, it’s Satchel’s place.” 
I was about to ask who Satchel was, exactly, other than being related to some other rabbits I barely knew,  when Path cut in. 
“So, Eric, sorry to press, but did you know about here before you came? Did someone tell you about it?”
“Uh, no. I had no idea. Like I said, I was just out walking—”
“Hunting rabbit more like it,” Walter said with a dismissive laugh. 
Path snorted, “So that’s what Walter’s problem is then! You should be able to handle a kid like this Walter!” Path was laughing, mostly at Walter, I think. 
“Look…,, ” I started defensively.
“It’s okay, Eric,” Walter cut me short. He glared at Path. “We’ve both been there, to your side of things. We understand things are different. The most important thing is you are here now and you seem like a decent sort. What is past is past. Plus I can handle you.” Walter laughed.
“If he would just stop saving your life for a moment you might show him” Path said, snorting even louder this time. 
Walter glowered at Path but then broke out into a broad smile.
“Path, your ledger with me is a mile long. Pay him no mind Eric.  Here, try the stew already.”
The steaming hot stew was good: beans flavored with a hearty hot spice, with a slice of rich, white bread on the side. I had more than I should and a few more beers too. Walter and Path talked about where their jobs had taken them recently: Walter’s, all over; Path’s, down to the Southern desert. Like Walter, Path was a guard, in his case tax collectors. They talked about people I didn’t know, often calling them their Lepus names, using odd sounds, clicks and even nose twitches to say words that I could not follow. It dawned on me why Lepus had such common names, they were not their real names but rather English names so that people could say them. I asked Walter what his Lepus name was. The group fell silent. I wondered if I had committed some sort of social faux pas. Walter tilted his head and looked at me with a slight smile.
“In all my days I don’t think a human has ever asked me that Mr. Eric.” Walter said, half laughing, half in disbelief. 
“Well, I just figured.. It’s no big deal.” I stammered.
“No, no. Here, I will say it, but watch all that I do, not just what I say.”
Walter twitched his nose to the left and made a sharp clipped clucking sound in his mouth. He smiled.
“Got it?”
“Uh, maybe.” I tried, best as I could, to twitch my mouth to the left while imitating the clucking sound. There was a moment of silence and then all the rabbits around me broke out in laughter. Walter laughed the hardest.
“Well!” Path bellowed, “I don’t know about you Walter, but I wouldn’t let someone insult my mother that way!” and he collapsed  in a  fit of laughter. 
I looked in utter confusion, trying to remember what I had done incorrectly…
Walter composed himself and held a paw up to silence the group. 
“A very good try little peffa, but you did not watch me closely enough. Watch again.”
He made the twitch and the cluck again. 
“And once more.” This time I focused on his body to see if anything else moved and this time I saw it, his left ear twitched too. I rolled my eyes and threw up my hands.
“How in the world am I supposed to do that!” I asked. “I can’t even… my ears don’t go that way!”
This brought on another round of laughter form the group. Path was no crying he was laughing so hard. Walter put a paw on my shoulder.
“No worries Eric, no worries.”
Path drew in a great breath and put both paws on his belly as he leaned back. “Damn better than most, good effort Eric, but, as you see, there are limitations that humans can’t overcome easily.”
I chuckled and Path and Walter looked at me.
“What?” Walter asked. 
“I was just thinking, maybe I could get a pair of ears to put on top of my head.” 
Walter and Path were stoned faced for a moment but then Path burst out laughing again and soon the whole group joined in. This began another round of animated discussion and laughing about the foils of humans who try to speaks Lepus.  
As the night went on, I was more worn out than I had realized. My tiredness, coupled with the heat from the fire and the strong lavender smoke, made my eyes heavy. AS the fires burned bright and even more rabbits made their way into the clearly too small room,  I was soon  asleep.
I don’t know how long I slept. When I woke up, the fire was still going; the room was full of Lepus and the overwhelming lavender smoke. The room was closing in on me. The air was hard to breathe, the food and cider I ate earlier was not settling in well. I suddenly felt panicked and had an urge to be sick.
I stood up and made my way for the door out as fast as I could. Some rabbit I didn’t know tried to stop me, asking if I was okay. I pushed past and ran down the tunnel to the outside and stumbled into the cold night air, which felt fantastically fresh and clean. I took deep breaths, as if I had been running for a long time, to try and clear out the smoke. I stood up and fought back the wave of rising sick in my stomach. Gradually my heads began to clear. Once the feeling passed I found a small rock to sit on and collected my thoughts.
It wasn’t long before Walter came and sat next to me, putting his furry bulk uncomfortably on the edge of the rock. I scooted over to give him more room.
“You okay?”
“Sure, better now. I don’t know, I felt ill back in there. Too much I guess. Too hot, too much smoke, maybe it was the cider. Not sure.”
Walter did not reply, he just sat looking up at the stars. I looked up too.
“These the same stars as you got, Eric?”
“Seems so. I can’t always pick out the same constellations. But I’m no expert on the stars.”
“Me neither. My father knew them. He told me…”
“What?”
Walter seemed lost for a moment and then came back. “He told me that the stars over the mountain were different than the ones they have here.”
“So… you’re a .. nat?” I asked, cautiously. 
Walter chuckled. “Jet filled you in some huh? Yes, my Dad was an over, one of the last.”
“You ever been back.”
Walter took a long time to answer, as if he was giving the matter long and serious thought. 
“No” he finally said.
“I didn’t mean to pry.”
“ I know.” Walter said, gently. We sat there in silence for a while. It was Walter who broke the silence. 
“You goin’ back?” The question caught me off guard. I hadn’t thought about it much. And what got to me is that I hadn’t thought about it much.
“I don’t know. I guess after last night it might be wise.” 
Walter snorted, but did not say anything. 
“There’s not much for me back home, you know?” I told him. “My parents died last year—got killed in an accident. Got no brothers or sisters near me. All my friends from school left early, got married. The rest of those kids were from down off the mountain, in town. They might as well lived on the moon.”
“Are people who live on the mountain different?”
“Sure and no. Depends. We stick together. Down in town they got white folk, coloreds, and issues. But up on the side of the mountain we just have neighbors, really. It’s not perfect. We got some mean ones, but generally people are okay. People look after each other. ”
“So why not go back?”
“Dunno. Why should I? No family, just a house on some land. Not even a farm, really. Always felt at loose ends there; like I wanted to leave but couldn’t.”
“Why not?”
“How was I supposed to? Where would I go? I could have gone out West with my brothers, but… really no motivation, I guess. But I got here and it’s all been so easy. I met you guys, everything’s fallen into place, and then there’s Karn.”
Walter, who had been slowly reclining on the rock, sat back up. “Aha! I knew it! You found yourself a little snuggler and it has messed with your mind.” He said it with a smile, but I could tell he was somewhat serious.
“No, it’s different—”
“Eric, you’ve known her for what, two days now?”
“You sound like Jet. It doesn’t matter.” 
We sat in silence. I couldn’t offer a defense; he knew better than to push it.
“Ever wonder why you’re here, Eric?”
“You mean like life?”
“No, I mean here, right here right now. Do you know how many people have come from the other side?”
“No. I guess not many, though.”
“Try none. You’re the first person I’ve ever heard of coming through the bamboo. We Lepus go back and forth a bit but not humans.”
“Why? I mean why do you go there?”
“Long story,” Walter said with such finality I knew he wasn’t going to elaborate. After a while I stood up, stretching my legs and yawning.
“Could I even go back then? I mean, is it difficult to go back and forth?” 
Walter said nothing, he gave a small shrug. I stood there, in the cold night air, staring at the deep night sky. 
“So, Walter, why am I here then?”
“Not sure, Eric, but I don’t think it’s an accident. Some Lepus think that we need a human to speak for us, save us from…the way things are. But I say we gotta fight the fight ourselves.” 
 “It would be neat to see where you all came from. But you won’t let us through, right?”
“Right,” Walter said, seeing the look in my eyes, “another long story.
“So you think I’m the guy who is gonna save the Lepus? What from?”
“I don’t know and no, you’re not the guy. I know that much.”
“Wait—why not? Maybe that is why I’m here then. It would make sense—”
“No, it doesn’t. It will have to be someone who is more connected to things and able to talk to those in power.”
“Well, then, I’m off the hook. I guess this makes me just someone you have to lug around then.”
Walter laughed, “It’s getting late, Eric. Don’t worry about your place here just yet. You seem to impress Jet when you wave that damn bow. It might be useful to have you around. You’ll earn your keep I am sure, just not right now. I’ll grab a blanket from inside. You can sleep under the stars tonight.” 
Walter hopped back in the burrow and returned a minute later with a large fuzzy wool blanket. I think I was asleep before he even went back down the burrow.

Ten – It’s Over Too Soon 

I can tell you I was up pretty early the next day to meet Karn again, waking with the first light. The day was warm and clear.
There was a buzz around the fair. In two days was the archery competition and then the day after the wedding. I made my way down the field where Karn and I had gone the day before and waited. 
She came down into the field soon enough, her long black hair flowing in the wind, a slight smile on her face. Her very presence lifted my spirits right into the clear blue sky. When she got to me she grabbed my hands and pulled me towards her, she gave me a quick peck on the cheek and whispered into my ear. “Ready to learn how to shot that bow properly?”
I pulled back and laughed. “I think you know I can shot just fine.”
“Yes, well, you get the job done, but without much grace” she answered through a smile. “Today we work on your form, try to give it some polish.”
“Only if we loosen up yours a bit!”
She laughed and pulled the quiver and box off her shoulder. With a quick and fluid motion she strung the bow, creating a taught curved form that hummed a low note when plucked. Satisfied it was strung correctly after a few plucks, she chose a light slender wooden arrow from her quiver.  She held it in her hand, balanced it deftly. She then loaded the end of the arrow where  a small notch had been made in the wood onto the pulled tight string. She then lifted the bow with her other arm, placing the rear of the arrow in front of her face until the back end, with the notch and a tuft of duck feathers was eye level. Carefully aiming for a red circle she and I had daubed onto a far tree the day before, she aimed and then pulled the bow slowly back until the tip of the arrow lay just beyond the curve of the wooden bow. Aiming one last time she let her fingers break away from the string, causing the string to push forward, driven by the tension of the bow, hurling the arrow forward so quickly that it seemed to simply vanish from the bow even as the string reappeared seemingly in an instant. Faster than the eye could follow the arrow flew through the air, the feathers helping to keep the flight true and straight, until, not even half a second later the tip of the arrow lodged itself in the tree, almost dead center of the red circle. 
Karn looked up at me and smiled. “See, effortless.”
“I dunno, I saw a fair amount of effort. In a sticky situation, like a deer running across a field, you would have missed. Watch.”
I took a deep breath. In the same fluid motion that Karn had used, but fatter, less concerned with grace, I pulled my bow out and strung it, not bothering to test or pluck it, the pull and release would prove the test of correct stringing. I then picked the first arrow I felt, having made sure earlier that day that all my arrows were in as good a shape as they could be, and loaded the arrow. As I pulled the bow I brought it up and almost as fast I released the string just as the bow got to my eye level, only glimpsing the target on the tree for a fraction of a second. The arrow flew from the released string and hit the tree, right at the edge of the red circle. 
I had done all of this in less time that Karn had taken to string her bow. I turned to her and bowed.
Karn looked at me with her head tilted. “But you lost?”
“But I got the deer.”
“There is no deer. Eric, we’re talking about a competition, not dinner. Accuracy counts.”
“Maybe at the tournament, but in real life. What if we hit the deer a few inches off, you can still hit its heart. Or if you are in battle, you can’t spend endless minutes fiddling…” 
“True, but for now there is no battle. Unstring your bow and start over. I’ll show you. Stand next to me and I will help you.”
“If all you wanted to do was to get close to me-“ I said, laughing. She gave me a look and pushed me away, laughing herself. 
The day spun into noon, when we took a break from her kind but demanding lessons on bowmanship. She produced a wonderful lunch of roasted chicken and hearty bread. It was good to eat some meat after so many days without. After resting in the midday heat under the shade of the trees for a while, we resumed practice for the rest of the afternoon. Well, we didn’t practice all that time, but that’s none of your business!
Finally, as the shadows got longer and the light began to change, Karn called an end to our fun.
“I have to get back.”
“Stay a little longer-“
“I’ll be missed.”
“Yes, by me!”
“Very funny Eric.”
“Listen Karn, stay with me. I- I want to take you someplace tonight. I have to ask Walter first…”
“Walter?”
“The big rabbit you met yesterday…”
“Oh yes, what of him?”
“Well, I probably shouldn’t tell you, but last night… last night he let me go to a burrow-“
“A burrow?!”
“Yes, it was a party, or a gathering more like it, of rabbits, mostly, but a few people too. It was fun, although a little much at first. I am fairly sure we’ll go back tonight… maybe I can ask if you can come.”
Karn’s expression was difficult to read. She seemed simultaneously excited and concerned. Finally she spoke, looking up at me.
“I guess I could go for a while, just to see. If it is ok with Walter, that is.”
“Yes, well, let’s go find him and ask then!”

So Karn and I went off, back to the outskirts of town where the fair was in full swing. It took a while, but I eventually found Walter in a small knot of rabbits, who were sitting behind a tree, fairly out of view of most of the fair. I told Karn to hang back for a moment. I should have been nervous, but I was too excited at the prospect of spending more time with Karn to worry about what Walter’s reaction might have been. 
As I approached Walter saw me right away. 
“Walter, can I have a moment with you?”
Walter hopped over, a worried look on his face. “You haven’t done anything stupid have you?”
“No, no, well, I don’t think so.” Walter rolled his eyes. “Walter, it’s Karn, the girl-“
“Yes, yes.”
“I was wondering, if… well, what is going on tonight?”
Walter’s eyes got wide and then narrowed as he smiled. “You want to bring her back to the burrow with you?”
“Yes, yes! Exactly. Would that be… possible?”
Walter laughed. “After what happened with you last night? You are braver than I thought! Well, I suppose if she sticks with you even after seeing you get sick, then she must be a keeper.”
“Walter! That’s not what- well, I mean-“
“Calm down lad, ok. I think she can come, why not? It’s the fair after all. Alright, sure.” Walter looked up at the sky and thumped his right foot loudly three times. “It’s getting time to go anyway, why not now.”
But I was already almost out of earshot. I ran back to Karn, breathless. “He.. said. Ok!” 
Karn smiled. “Oh this is too exciting. I can’t stay now, but I will go then.”
Walter hopped up to us. “Oh thank you sir-“
“Walter”
“Walter, thank you. I’ve always wanted to go to a real burrow.”
“Funny, most people find them smelly, and stuffy, makes ‘em ill.” Walter said with a laugh looking directly at me. My eyes threw him daggers.
The walk to the burrow took no time at all. Karn and I hung back from the rest of the rabbits, but we talked the whole way about the rabbits. Karn confided that she had been fascinated with the Lepus her whole life, often to the ridicule of her friends. She said that people often saw them as pests, but she saw them a people. Walter, who was a few steps ahead, gave a low gruff sound when he heard this. 
“We’re not people!’ he said, half joking, half offended. “Oh. No, that’s not what I meant. It’s just that you’re not creatures either, you’re… you’re”
“We’re Lepus, plain and simple!” Walter said gruffly, but then he softened as he continued, “It is good you don’t consider us beasts, but we’re not like people either. We don’t view people as being Lepus like.”
“But why not?” Asked Karn as they walked. “Isn’t it better that we think of you are people than beasts? If you are beasts we do not owe you the same protection or allegiance, but if you are people, then we should not do you harm-“
“As if people do not harm other people.” Walter  muttered. “I see your point, but if we are like people then there are expectations that we act like people. And we don’t act that way, so people then naturally mistrust us. 
“I don’t see the problem, so you’re different” I said.
“They ascribe human behaviors to us, but when we do not act that way, we do so not because we are stupid or wrong, but because we are Lepus, not human. But humans think that if we are like people we should act that way. They attribute fundamental aspects to us and when we fail to act accordingly we are wrong, we are, maybe, evil even.”
“That’s silly.” Said Karn “People have to realize you are different.”
“Oh they do, but different is often bad, no?”
“Well, no. If a child does something bad you correct it-“
Walter stopped. “But we are not children, are we?”
“No, no – of course not” Karn’s face was flush, realizing her mistake.
“We do not need to correct our behavior, rather we need to act the way we need to act. It is ok, I am not angry, the problem is that both sides see actions on the other side not as normal or benign, but rather as aggressive or evil, and so act accordingly.”
“There should be a council.  A great council between Rabbits and people, maybe even a permanent one.” I suggested.
“Only the king could call that” Walter said, eying Karn, who said nothing.
“I am sorry about what I said. I never meant to think of you are children Walter.”
“I know Karn, you see, I get angry and mistrusting too, it is not just one sided. You are good to even think about such things and try to reason through them, I suspect most people do not do this.”
“You would be right.” Karn said matter-of-factly. 
“Here we are!” Said Walter and we had arrived at the bush hiding the entrance to the burrow. Karn’s expression was one of rapt attention, as if she did not want to miss a single detail. 
Moments later we were inside the main room of the burrow. It was warm and thick with smoke as the night before. If possible, even more rabbits were crowded into the space. As the fair reached its climax and the day of the wedding approached it seemed that more and more rabbits filtered into the town. 
“Walter, uh, how many rabbits will this place hold?” I asked him raising my voice over the din. He shrugged. “They can’t all stay here, can they?” again he shrugged. “Can’t they get room in town?” Walter shot me a look and shook his head. Karn tugged at my sleeve.
“No innkeeper would entertain a rabbit Eric. Even if they wanted too, people would stop coming to the inn, afraid of fleas or such.”
“That’s crazy! I’ve been with these guys for a week now and not one flea.”
Karn nodded yes and then shrugged herself. 
Walter found a small group of friends, including Path. Path bounded up to Eric and gave him a big hug and then turned, sniffing, to Karn. He held out a furry paw, which she gently, almost uncertainly, shook.
“Path, this is Karn, she’s a .. friend.”
“A pleasure Karn, I am Path, at your service. Any , uh friend of Eric’s is a friend of mine.” Path turned back to me and, in a fake whisper clearly loud enough or Karn to hear, said “She’s a real beauty Eric, hang on tight to her!” Karn laughed and I blushed. 
Karn and I sat down next to Walter, who introduced us to the many rabbits. I then got use each a bowl of the vegetable soup, which tasted slightly different tonight, and some of the bread. Karn pronounced it the best she’d ever had, causing a round of cheers from the rabbits in the circle. 
Half an hour later, our bellies full of cider and soup, the lavender smoke thick in the room, I was reclining with Karn resting her head on my chest. Most of the rabbits around us had finished eating. Several lit up more lavender pipes and the smoke began to affect my head. A rabbit next to Walter drew a deep draft and then turned to Walter. 
“Tell us a story Walter.”
Walter laughed “What about Black Jacob?” I snorted slightly, Black Jacob was a pale tawny brown. Karn nudged me in the ribs and shushed me. 
“I dunno Walter, something good, to pass the time…”
My eyelids were becoming heavy and the room was swimming, but I propped myself up, willing myself to hear whatever story Walter would tell.
Walter looked around, his gaze settling on Karn and he smiled. Then he looked back to black Jacob. 
“Well…? No requests? I have one then…” Walter resettled himself on his haunches. “It’s the story of Emerald.”
“The queen of the rabbits?” Black Jacob offered, Walter nodded his head.
“The most famous queen of the rabbits that ever was” Walter continued. “Many years ago, before rabbits came over the mountain, she ruled over the land beyond the mountain pass where rabbits lived. Emerald was a young queen, she came to the throne after her poor father had died a horrible death, poisoned by his own chief counselor in a jealous rage. The counselor, whose name was Rook, wanted to build the biggest and most elaborate burrow in the kingdom. But in order to do so he needed more gold, more jewels, than he could afford. So he began to steal from the king’s treasury, but this was not enough. Soon he began to remove precious objects from the king’s burrow itself. Eventually the king noticed, but by then it was too late. Rook had already decided that the only way he could get enough treasure was to kill the king and take over  the kingdom itself. So he had the king poisoned. 
Upon the kings’ death Rook installed himself as the new king, forgetting, or really, ignoring the king’s daughter, who was the rightful queen. The Queen, Emerald, came to her father’s burrow, where Rook had installed himself on the throne. 
“Why are you sitting on my father’s throne!” Emerald asked when she entered the burrow. Rook, taken by surprise, for he did not think the young girl smart enough or brave enough to challenge him, stammered for a moment. Then, composing himself, drew himself up to his full and considerable, height.
“Young lady, the throne is no place for a young girl! This kingdom needs a strong and willful hand to steer it in the right direction.”
“My father was such a hand, you are nothing but a weak, conniving coward! I demand that you remove your filthy body from that throne immediately.”
Rook laughed and summoned two guards. Two very large and imposing rabbits came and stood on either side of the young Emerald. 
“Take this little girl out to the killing field and be done with her!”
The two rabbits grabbed Emerald and drug her out of the burrow and across to a large field. In the field were the bodies of dozens of the king’s old friends and advisors that Rook had condemned to death. 
The twisted bloody bodies of these rabbits lay strewn across the field. Already birds were picking at the corpses. Upon the sight of this Emerald began to cry. One of the guards touched her arm gently.
“Do not cry, do not be afraid…”
“I am not afraid, I am crying out of sorrow that these fine rabbits had to die.”
The two guards looked at each other. They knew that this young girl was the rightful queen, but they feared the wrath of Rook if they did not carry out his orders. 
Suddenly one of the guards pulled back, in a violent manner, the paw he was using to hold Emerald. He gave a broad wink to the other guard who wore a confused look on his face.
“Ouch! The little peffa bit me!”
The other guard took only a beat to catch on and he too violently pulled away his paw.
“Ow! She bit me too!”
The young girl looked at both of them, utterly confused. 
“Run!” the first guard said under his breath. And then, louder “Oh no! She is getting away!”
The young queen took off hopping as fast as she could across the open field to the woods that lay on the edge. Behind her she could hear the curiously slow and halfhearted hops of the guards. 
Within a moment she was deep in the woods. The last that she saw of the guards they were standing at the edge of the woods, seemingly lost and blind to herself as she bounded away. 
That night the queen, alone, afraid and very hungry, shivered under a large boulder. She felt utterly lost. If she went back to the burrows of her kingdom she would be killed, she knew. The kingdom of the rabbits was large and she had never been outside of it, or even known what lay outside of it. She could not think of a way to escape. 
She hid in the woods for three days, only  drinking water out of the tiny stream. 
By the evening of the fourth day her stomach was in knots, her head was light and she was dreaming of food.”
Here, to my wry amusement, several of the rabbits made murmuring sounds, registering they dismay at the young queen’s plight while they patted their stomachs full of soup and bread.
Walter went on, “As the sun began to settle down she resolved that she had to go find food somewhere, or else she feared she would die in the woods without Rook ever having found her. She careful made her way out of the woods and came across a small burrow with smoke gently wafting out of the chimney. She could smell the wonderful smell of bread baking and stew stewing. She carefully made her way to as close to the burrow as she could hope. 
Unbeknownst to Emerald, her ordeal in the woods had left her looking scruffy and bedraggled. When a small white rabbit came hopping out of the burrow Emerald attempted to hide, but the white rabbit saw her and cried out.
“Do not go! Are you hungry? You seem lost.”
Emerald nodded her head.
“Stay here my love.” And the white Rabbit hopped into the burrow. A moment later she came out with a small loaf of bread. She handed it to Emerald, who grabbed it and inhaled it with almost one bite. 
“Are you lost?” The white rabbit asked. Emerald nodded again. 
“Will you come in then and stay awhile? My husband should be back soon and we can eat a proper meal.”
Emerald nodded tentatively and followed the woman inside.
No sooner had Emerald taken in the small but neat burrow when she heard a booming voice call out. She must have jumped a mile because the white rabbit smiled and patted her paw. “That’s just my Carl, back from forging. It’s ok.”
Soon enough a large gray and black rabbit wriggled into the burrow with a large sack on his back. He put the sack down and kissed the white rabbit. 
“Carl dear, we have a guest…”
“Martha! How many times… hello, how do you do. My Martha has a soft spot, but truth be told so do I. You are welcome to stay with us as long as you like. Are you lost or runaway?”
Emerald shook her head.
“She’s is not much of a talker” Martha told Carl. Who nodded sagely.
“Wise one then.” He said with a smile. 
After a bowl of soup, which Emerald inhaled much like the bread, Carl pushed away his bowl and lit a pipe. 
“There is a bowl of water in the spare room. You are welcome to clean yourself up if you want.
Emerald nodded and found her way to a small room with a bowl of water, a pile of fluffy towels and a small mirror on the wall. Emerald looked in the mirror and gasped. Her hair was matted, covered in mud and leaves. She looked more like a monster than a rabbit. Using her paws and the water she carefully groomed herself until checking in the mirror, she felt as if she was presentable again. 
When she came back into the main room Carl, who had been dragging on his pipe, let out a great coughing fit.
“Well, my stars… if I did n’t know any better I would say you are the spitting image of the young Queen!”
Emerald tensed and looked for the door out. Carl laughed and she looked at him questioningly. 
“Not, mind you, that I am saying you are the queen! But, “He grew suddenly serious, “if you were, I would tell you that there are many of us, maybe most of us, in this kingdom, who support you and hate that scoundrel sitting on the throne now.”
Emerald looked at the large rabbit with both fear and wonder. For the first time she spoke.
“If I were the queen where would you tell her to look for such people?”
“I would tell her that they are all around. All she need do is to stand up tall and renounce the wicked villain who sits in your father’s throne… sorry, her fathers.”
Emerald smiled, but her smile faded. “If I.. if the queen were to go out into the kingdom surely she would be captured by the villain’s men and killed?”
Carl sat there for a moment and pondered Emerald’s statement. 
“Good point. Martha dear, set the kettle on, we’re going to have some company.
And so Carl set out to talk to rabbits he knew shared his hatred of the false king. Within a few days they had assembled enough rabbits to protect the young queen. When Queen Emerald  saw all of the assembled rabbits and their willingness to fight, she marched on her father’s old burrow. 
The fight was horrible but swift, and when the false King’s defenders saw the mass of rabbits that had assembled for the queen, they threw their arms down and surrendered to the Queen.  By the end of the day the Queen herself had slain the hated Rook and took her rightful place on her father’s throne”
“Is there a moral then Walter?” asked Black Jacob.
“There are morals to every story! A good and rightful ruler can always rely on the people for support. A hated and unrigthful ruler never can.”
“I think there is a different moral” Karn said, sleepily, “One must always be on guard against those who seek to commit crimes against you. The old King should have seen his minister getting greedy.”
“Perhaps, perhaps” Said Walter “But often treachery comes from those closest to ourselves, and often we see it too late.”
The rabbits all began to talk at once, arguing the point of the story. Karn looked up at me and smiled.
“Thank you” she said simply.
“For what” I said, my head swimming. 
“This is the best night I have ever had…”
I looked down at her face. Her brown eyes shining in the light of the fire. 
“Me too Karn, me too.”
Suddenly she bolted upright.
“What’s wrong?” I asked as she stood up. 
“I, it’s, I have to go back, now. It’s late Eric. I will be missed.” Genuine panic was in her face.
“Ok, ok.” I said, my head still swimming. Walter, nearby, looked over, concerned.
“I’ll be right back Walter, I have to take Karn home.”
“Just to the gate of town Eric, please.” She said in a voice that did not welcome challenge. I nodded.
The walk back to town was mostly silent, and fast. Karn all but ran. My attempts to offer help, to offer to speak to her parents, were met with hushes and worried, angry looks. 
When we finally arrived at the gate it was late, night had fallen perhaps an hour ago. The stars were out. Two guards stood at the gate, neither one bothered to even glance our way, but Karn pulled up her hood from her outer coat. I tried to kiss her but she pushed me away. 
“Not now.”
“But no one is even looking…”
“People always are looking Eric. Don’t worry” she said seeing my crestfallen expression. “I will see you tomorrow in the field, We only have one day to fix you” she said with a smile.
I watched her walk under the stone wall into the town and disappear into the dark streets. 


I went back to the burrow, but did not feel like being inside anymore. I grabbed a blanket, and, like the night before, lay down under the brilliant starry sky. I sighed as I thought about Karn, then chuckled. I guess the course of true love is never easy. I went to sleep, thinking of Karn, a smile on my lips as the stars shone down on me.

The next day I was awake with the dawn, up before most anyone else in the burrow. I snuck in a grabbed some stale bread and then cheerfully made my way back to the field where Karn and I practiced. The day started out with more endless blue sky. I marveled at the weather, the crisp cool morning that bled into warm languid afternoons. No storms bothered me here. 
It was mid-morning before she came. I smiled at her as she strode through the tall grass, but her face was creased with worry.
I started to say something and she put her hand up.
“Eric, listen: I can’t explain, but we can’t meet anymore,” she said breathlessly. I began to protest, but she again put up her hand. “Look, it’s nothing about you. I mean, it is about you but nothing you can help.”
“Karn, what on earth is this about? Is this about last night? Why can’t we meet? I mean, why not?”
“It’s complicated. My father got wind of us when I got in so late and put his foot down. Why are you smiling?”
“I just had no idea there even was an us.”
“Eric, I’m serious. Look, there isn’t an ‘us, anyway. I mean, not…look…I don’t know.”
“Karn, look at me,” I took her hand, she looked up. “You’re right, there isn’t an us. I’ve only known you for a few days. But I think there is something here. Maybe not an us yet, but maybe two people who like each other enough to spend time together. I’ve never met anyone, any girl, like you back where I’m from.”
Karn smiled, her eyes wet. “Me neither, Eric. There has never been anyone like you. But this is serious stuff. I can’t do this anymore.” She let go of my hand and backed up a few steps.
“Karn, let me come talk to your father. I can explain.”
“No! Please listen to me, Eric. My father is important. I mean, he would not understand. He means well but he has a lot on his plate. Listen Eric, please, listen to me now. Just don’t. If you even come into the town…I’m afraid he might…I’m afraid something bad might happen.”
Karn was holding back tears, but fighting them well. I stood there, rooted to the spot. I tried to think of what to say, but her expression and the sound of her voice made me stop short. I suddenly became aware of the day: the infinite blue of the sky, the lustrous gold of the tall grass. The air was warm but not humid, the sun shone brightly, a gentle breeze moved the grass, colors were brilliant. 
But most of all I was aware of Karn: her dark hair being blown by the same small breeze as the grass, her brilliant green eyes, her red lips. It dawned on me that I was in love with her. I mean really in love, like nothing I had ever felt before or have ever felt since. It was a painful pit in my stomach, a yearning so deep that I could not forget it. I was afraid I could not fight it either. 
Finally words came to me. “Will you be at the tournament then?”
“No. Maybe, I guess. But I won’t be able to see you. Eric, I would very much like to kiss you again.”
And so we did, right there in the field of tall grass, under the endlessly clear sky, in a country I had never heard of, in a life I wasn’t even sure was real. I felt like I was kissing for the first time. 
After a moment she pulled away. “Good luck be with you, Eric. After tomorrow promise me you’ll go back home and forget about me.”
“I can’t, Karn”
I stood there, trying hard to take in every detail of her face, her full lips, and her deep brown eyes. 
“I can’t promise either one,” I smiled at her, but she did not smile back.
“Goodbye, Eric.” 
She turned and walked back across the field. I think I stood there for about an hour, trying very hard to remember that moment. I guess I did pretty much. 
I decided that the only thing to do was to go to the tourney the next day. And if I was to do that, I should practice, so I was at my best. I think I had a wild idea in my head that if I won I could convince Karn’s father that I was worthy, or something. 
So there I was, later towards evening, still shooting arrows when Jet and Walter came up behind me. Walter cleared his throat. I put down the bow and put the arrow I was about to let fly back in the quiver.
“Surprised to find you here, Eric. Thought you’d be making time down by the river with Karn,” Jet said, sitting down cross legged in the grass.
“No,” was all I said. I didn’t want to talk about anything yet, but Jet had other ideas. 
She sprang up, “Shoot. Sorry, Eric, What happened?”
“Nothing.”
Walter put a paw on Jet’s shoulder, but she brushed it off.
“Eric, what’s going on? Did you have a fight with her or something?”
“No! Look, I don’t know what’s going on. She was late and then when she did appear it was to tell me it was off.”
“I had no idea it was on,” Walter offered from behind Jet. She turned and glared at him.
“Well, you might have picked up a clue from last night, Walter,” I answered, trying to sound flippant, but my voice gave my feelings away. “Look, her dad is upset with her seeing me. Evidently he’s a big wig and told her he’d kill me if I got near her again. It’s not worth it. You guys were right; it was puppy love.”
“I hear what you’re saying, Eric,” Jet said, “but your face says something very different.”
“True love Eric, worth fighting for.” Walter said, his voice soft. 
“I don’t know Walter. I don’t know… I don’t even know where I am! This is crazy. I was just fooling myself.”
“Eric, you’re not a fool, I saw Karn last night, the way she looked at you…”Walter said, putting  a heavy paw on my shoulder.
“Then why?...” I  said.
“Who knows, things are not the same here and back where you came from, even I know that Eric.”
“Whatever.” I was tired of talking about it and tired of trying to make sense of what was unfolding. 
  “Let’s just go get as much beer as we can—but not too much. I need to be ready to go tomorrow. I’m going to win this thing like no one ever has.”
Jet looked at Walter, who just shrugged his wide shoulders.
Eleven – Roving Marks

The day of the tourney dawned gray and stormy. Clouds had rolled in overnight, but the threatening rain held off. Still, I hardly noticed the weather. My mind was on one thing: winning. Well okay—two things. I was also thinking about Karn. I couldn’t help myself. I was sure that I could do well enough to persuade even the meanest of dads that I was an okay guy. I had spent the night convincing myself of that. 
The archery grounds had been transformed with a large viewing stand for town notables—including the king and his colorfully decked court—and an area in front for the common folk. As the morning warmed up, people streamed into the area to watch. I guess it was a highlight of the fair. 
 The competition was divided into a series of matches. There was a target match, the more traditional of the matches, where archers shoot at targets to score points. Then there was a match of roving marks. Here the archers aimed to hit targets in a large field, the targets being anything: a tree trunk, a rock, or a clump of grass. The tourney had a more formal field, with various objects placed at intervals. Points were scored for how close one got to the targets. A second round had a speed factor built in, the faster one got through the field the better, but scoring still mattered. Another match had a small wooden bird resting atop a tall wooden tower. Archers took turns trying to shoot the bird down. Last was the wand match, where thin strips of wood—the largest no more than a couple of inches wide, the thinnest like a twig—were set up. Points were given for how many arrows one could stick into the strip. 
I had decided to enter the target match as it seemed that everyone else had as well. I also put my name down for the field of roving marks; I felt I could do better if speed of loading and firing were the issue. 
I carefully strung my bow and sorted through my remaining arrows, checking to make sure that the feathers attached were true and smart. As I looked around at the other competitors I noticed more than a few dressed in similar clothes. Later on I learned they were members of the royal guard. They had somewhat longer bows, good for making the arrow fly farther and penetrate with more force but less agile in handling. What I did notice was that their quivers were all bags, not open like mine. I made a mental note to try and get such a bag myself. 
The field competition was first. I found the first match fairly tedious, which probably was reflected in my performance. The entire field, and there were about twenty of us, had to take turns shooting. I found myself growing impatient as those ahead of me would take all the time in the world to find and aim at the next target. I wondered how on earth any of these people ever hunted or, God forbid, went to war if they had to take so long to aim.  My youth and impatience got to me. By the time I got up, I’d often shoot quickly, as if to show the yokels there how it was done. My youthful impatience and ignorance showed. I placed well below the top three. 
But the next round was the highlight of the day for me. This was the speed round. Points were given for how close one hit the target, but time was also kept by a young boy with a graded hourglass. The fastest time got an extra 50 points, not enough to win outright but coupled with a decent score for targets, it would allow you to win. I was 19th in a field of 21 that day. By the time I got up to the start the clouds had cleared and the sun was directly overhead. It was warm and I was already sweating. As best as I could tell I needed to score about three points a target. This would mean getting at least within a man’s foot of each target. If I could hit some, worth five points, that would be even better. The time was the issue. The fastest so far had been from a guy who seemed to be in the guard, at least based on the cheers that would arise from a small group of similarly dressed men on the sidelines every time he hit a target. He had done the 20 targets in 12 minutes. 
His speed had attracted a small crowd—most people had been drifting away all morning due to the lackluster competition. But as the soldier went over to his group of friends I noticed people again began to drift off. Even amongst his friends I saw men turn to leave but he put his hand up and beckoned them back. Looking my way a few times he talked to them for a moment. Several shrugged, but they all sat down again to watch. 
So, I had been noticed but I was not the type to seek out notice or fame. To be honest I would have rather to have no one care, but I tried my best to brush it off. If anything, I was determined to show the soldier and his buddies that the last round had been due to my carelessness and not my skill.
The man with the glass shouted, “Start!” 
The first target was a rusted cowbell on a flat rock about 20 feet from the start. I loaded in my first arrow and let it fly. I was wide—way wide. No points. I cursed. Out of the corner of my eye I saw some of the soldiers make dismissive motions and complain to their buddy, but he stayed them again. 
I took a deep breath. Out of nowhere I thought of Karn…her soft brown eyes and her dark hair. It should have made me mad, but instead I felt a great calm settle over me. It is one of those times in your life where something clicks. I think before I would have tried too hard, tried to show that I was worthy. But I resolved there and then to prove myself to no one except myself. I felt the calm settle and a weight lift from me. 
For the past few days I had poured my energy into getting ready to win at any cost in the competition. And since yesterday I had wanted to win to prove to Karn I was worthy. But like some sort of clockwork puzzle, everything suddenly clicked into place. Out there in the field I felt a change come over me and an understanding opened up in my mind. 
Despite what Walter had said, I had been brought to this place for a reason. Only, it wasn’t some sort of weird prophecy thing or anything; I had come this far for me. I had been drifting on the mountain, waiting for things to happen after my parents died. But I realized that I did not need to wait. I had the ability to move forward myself despite everything. Mooning over Karn was not going anywhere. Following along with Walter and Jet was not going to get me any further, either. If I was to join up with them or anyone else it had to be on my terms due to my skills. I had to prove to myself I was capable, no one else.
It didn’t matter if I was on the mountain or there in the valley. What mattered was what I was able and willing to do. 
The next few minutes were like a trance. I don’t recall how many targets I hit but I know I hit more dead-on than not. No motion was wasted. Every stride, every loading, every pull was only exactly what was needed—no more, no less. I knew, deep down inside, that this was something I could do. I knew the bow. I may not have known much about Blackberry valley, but I did know the bow. I shut out everything except for the bow, the arrow, and the feel of the string. When the string felt right I pulled and not until then. Every arrow either hit true or stuck a few inches shy. I was completely unaware of the world around me. 
What pulled me out were the cheers. I looked around and found myself at the end of the course, facing the soldiers and a somewhat larger crowd than I remembered. The lead soldier was staring open-mouthed as his buddies slapped him on the back. He saw me, smiled, and did a little bow. I had beaten his time by a clean couple of minutes and topped his score as well. 
I suddenly felt nervous again, back in this world I barely understood. I wanted to go find Walter and Jet. I saw them almost right away.
“Well, okay, that’s done. Now we find more beer and this time we don’t stop until we pass out, okay?” I said as they walked up. 
“Now you’re talking. Glad to see you out of your funk,” Walter said gruffly. “How did you do?”
“Won it, Walter. Beat the time and the score.” 
Walter let is surprise show before he could cover it up. “Must have been a pretty weak field,” he grinned. 
I was too happy to get mad. “Well, Walter, I beat that blind cripple fair and square!” 
All of us laughed. 
“What about the last match?” asked Jet.
“What for, Jet? I mean, even Walter now has to agree I’m pretty handy with the bow.”
“What? That little parade of hitting still objects? Please, I’ve seen old men move faster than you did out there,” Walter growled, but he had a smile on his face when I looked. 
“Tell you what then, Walter: you take a running start and I’ll see if I can hit you!” 
He made what seemed like a rude gesture, “Easy whelp. Let’s get that beer.” 
“Good idea. Tonight we can celebrate. I‘ll buy the drinks and blow all of my prize winnings. But tomorrow we have to talk seriously. If I’m to stick around these parts, we need a plan.”
Jet smiled a smile I had not seen yet from her. She nudged Walter, “See Walt, I told you he’d come around.” 
Walter just groaned but smiled, “Before we all start making patty cakes I suggest we find a batch of the strong stuff. Come, I know just the place.”
We were just ready to leave when the soldier from the match came up. He bowed again and smiled. “You, sir, are a good shot. Best I have seen in a while.”
“Thank you.”
Walter huffed, “Now we’ll never hear the end of it.” 
The soldier looked puzzled. 
I shot Walter a that’s enough glare. “Don’t mind him,” I told the soldier. “He’s smoked too much lavender.”
“Okay, then. My name is Coltier.”
“Eric.”
“Eric, pleased to meet you. Listen, the real reason I am here is to bring you to meet King Kitsunamoshee.”
I was taken aback. I immediately noticed Walter had a worried look on his face.
“Why?” I stammered. “What have I done?” I was, at that moment, keenly aware of my strange position in the country.
“It is a good thing, sir, I assure you. He merely wants to compliment you on your archery skills.”
I looked at Walter but he said nothing. His eyes gave nothing away now, which was unsettling. Jet, however, looked as though she had eaten something sour. I may not have known much, but I figured it was impolitic to refuse the summons of a king. 
I shrugged. “Okay, lead the way.” 
Walter and Jet stood rooted to the spot as I left to follow the solider. I looked back but could only see Walter’s stony stare. 
Coltier led me to the grandstand behind the archery range. People in colorful garb still were walking around. I was led to the very center where, behind a curtain, a smaller group of people milled. One man—young, but still older than me—was garbed head to toe in deep, rich indigo. Coltier bowed deeply to this man. I stood behind him, uncertain what to do.
“Sire, this is the young man I spoke to you about.”
The man in blue turned and smiled a toothy grin, “Young man, excellent shooting today. Do tell me your name.”
“Eric, sir. Pleased to meet you,” I offered him my hand. 
He looked down puzzled, “Eric, yes. Tell me sir, where are you from? You are not known around here, no?”
“No, sir. I am from…up north.”
“Aquitania?”
“Beyond that, sir.” 
The king had a strange look on his face, almost of surprise. “I see. And they do not bow before kings there?”
“No, sir. Where I come from all are equal. We bow before no one.”
An annoyed look flitted across his face. But then the king smiled, hiding his displeasure. “Amusing. At any rate, Eric, you displayed excellent skills today. A little rough perhaps, a little wild, but still vast potential. I have a proposition for you. I wish to invite you into a new guard I am assembling, one which will report directly to me. You see, Eric, I am to be married tomorrow and with that marriage I will be next in line not only to be king of my domain but of this one too. My marriage will unite the two kingdoms of Williams and Early. I plan to modernize the guard here. I need good men like you.”
I honestly did not know what to say. I had a feeling that I would have to discuss this with Walter, especially after the look on his face when Coltier had spoken the king’s name
“Thank you, sir. I will consider your offer. As I am new around these parts, may I give you an answer in the morning?” I figured, even as naive as I was, that saying no to a king right off the bat would be unwise. 
The king was taken back, but again smiled, “Certainly. Why not? It is a good thing to think before one acts, no? Come to the castle in the afternoon and give the quartermaster your answer. My marriage is in the morning. Things will be busy then, I suspect. Ah yes, here comes the blushing bride now. May I introduce you to Princess Karnattia, my bride.”
I think every hair on my body stood upright when I heard the name, even before the woman dressed head to toe in soft blue silk turned her head. It seemed to take forever for her to turn and face me, to confirm what I instantly knew.


 – The Facts Confronted

It was like a waking nightmare. “Uh, so pleased to, uhm, meet you.” I could not even look her in the face, least I see her expression. I turned back to the King, hoping my face was not too enflamed. “But really now I must leave. Thank you again, your highness. I= I will consider your offer and, uh, get back… to .. you.” 
I tried to bow but instead stumbled. My face then truly flushed I turned and all but ran out of the curtained area, past faces that showed concern, shock. I walked quickly across the stands, past the range, and into a stand of trees on the other side. I leaned up against a tree breathing heavily, certain that I would be sick. I willed myself not to throw up. 
Just an hour earlier I thought I had come to understand how this new world worked. Now it felt like everything that I had been able to build up and understand about this place had just come crashing down. As I stood there, leaning my arm against the tree, the past five days again came into focus but now through a different lens. I had been a fool. No, I was a fool. 
As I stood there something else was bubbling up in the back of my mind—despite being in a strange and sometimes dangerous land, I was now in real danger for the first time. Not many men I knew would take kindly to a guy making time with their girl on the eve of their wedding and I knew that the king I had just met would be worse than most. I had to get out of that place and back to the mountain. 
I turned and left the closed off area without a word. I moved as if in a fog out into the daylight of the archery field and then off the edge behind the stand, into the light sprinkling of woods, not even knowing where I was going. In the back of my mind I thought I should find Walter and Jet, but had no idea of the direction I was headed. Then I heard a voice.
“Eric?”
I turned and saw at Karn, she had followed me into the wooded area.  Her face streaked with tears but still beautiful. Seeing her made me physically ache. Right then I wasn’t sure if it was with love or embarrassment. 
“Go away, Karn. I guess you had your laugh, had your fling. Go, before someone sees you here.”
Karn’s face went dark. “You think this was a fling? That I was laughing at you?”
“Well, weren’t you? What was this, some dare from your friends? Mix with the common people and see what sort of trouble you can get into?”
“No! No. I mean, I did go that first day to see what it was like for everyone else. Not on a dare though. You have no idea what it is like to be separated from everyone else. I just wanted to experience life a little. I certainly didn’t mean to fall in love.”
I felt my face go flush, and I spoke before I even thought about what I was saying. “We’re not in love, Karn; nothing like it. If you think that you’re fooling yourself. God knows I was fooled.”
“Stop being so hateful, Eric. This isn’t like you!”
“How would you know, Karn? We barely know each other. Heck, I guess I don’t know you at all. Of course I’m hateful! What else can I be? I just got played with like a toy.”
“I wasn’t playing with you, Eric. You have to understand that. Do you really think I would do something this foolish right before my wedding, with all that is at stake? What I felt, what I feel, is real Eric. More real, deeper than anything I have ever felt.”
“You are young and full of dreams.”
“I know what is real!”
“How can this be real? This is all just… just some young lover’s daydream…!” I turned away, ready to leave, but when I looked back I could see the hurt in her eyes. I could feel my heart, so hardened when I saw her follow me, I could feel it melting, yearning for what I had felt with her these past few days. My brain was yelling at me to walk away, but my heart won the day. “Fine then—prove it. I know how I still feel for you, Karn. If you feel the same, come away with me now. We can slip out tonight.” I must have sounded crazy, but at the moment it seemed like the most sensible plan I could come up with. 
“And go where? I’m a princess, Eric. People will know me and for sure will look for me if I run away. Not to mention the whole peace my father has constructed with Williams will be ruined. Decades of war are being brought to a close, Eric. The lives of my people and his people finally put to peace.”
“We can hide, maybe go back to my country, and let others worry about peace. It’s not your fault. With you gone it’ll be like nothing happened. The peace will hold.”
“You are the one who is dreaming, Eric. It is not so simple. It all falls to me. That’s my job. I was born and raised to be a bride my father can make peace with. I am a chess piece.”
“That’s horrible.”
“It’s life. I live a life most people never even get to glimpse. In return I have a political duty. I know my place. But… meeting you has complicated things.”
“You can’t be happy this way, right? You are not just a chess piece; you are a real person. I saw the way you were out here with us common folk.” I gently touched her hair. “You’ve got too much up here to every live that life.” 
She backed off and quickly looked around. “You’re in danger. Kitsunamoshee will find us out somehow. He won’t hurt me; he can’t if he wants to inherit this kingdom. But he will not think twice about harming you. You have to go.”
“Then go with me, Karn.”
She looked at me with exasperation, “And go where exactly? “
“Like I said, maybe come back with me to my home.”
“Across the desert? How?”
“No, not the desert. Through the bamboo.”
“There is no through that bamboo, only across to the desert. I don’t know where you really came from, but no one has ever made it across that desert.”
I was confused; it was as if we were talking about two different places. But I also realized that there wasn’t time to argue.
“Think about it, Karn. Meet me at the clearing where we practiced in an hour. I’m going to go get Walter and Jet. They can take us back to a place I know I can get home through, or they’ll know where we can go and wait until this blows over.”
“Eric, wait! This won’t blow over!”
“Trust me, I’ll do whatever it takes.”
“What can you do? You have to understand this is bigger than just us.”
“Take a chance with me.”
“I can’t promise anything.”
I turned to her. The setting sun was behind her, lighting her up. She was at that moment tougher, more beautiful, than any girl I had ever met. I thought my heart would burst right there.
“I know. Just go with your heart, not your head.” I said. 
“That gets me into trouble.”
I quickly kissed her on the cheek. “I hope so.”

I turned and ran as fast as I could back to fairgrounds to find Walter and Jet, who looked gloomy as I hurriedly told them the whole story. Jet made a small sound and threw up her arms. I stopped talking. “What?”
“What? What, he asks? Really? Get a grip, Eric! You are impossible, you know that? How does your head get you through life? You pop into this world and lay back, never questioning anything, never asking about anything, and then you get all worked up when things don’t go your way. What do you know about this country, about these people, about them?” she pointed to Walter. “Nothing, that’s what. You are a good man, Eric, but you are a goddamn fool sometimes and you are going to get yourself killed!” Jet spat on the ground, turned, and walked away. 
I looked at Walter. He sighed, settling down on his front paws. He sat there for a moment chewing his cud, his long whiskers twitching. Finally he spoke, so quietly I had to lean in to hear him.
“Eric, there is a lot to be known about this country. Jet is right, you are in grave danger, you are nothing to a man like Kitsunamoshee. But there is more that you do not know about what is going on here. There is a bigger issue of what is happening in this kingdom and what will happen once Kitsunamoshee gets into power. Things are not always what they seem. We Lepus are not always welcome here. People like Kitsunamoshee don’t want us here, Eric. People like Smit are bad enough—rude, uneducated—but someone like Kitsunamoshee is flat out dangerous. The idea that he wants you to go to work for him would betray everything I think you believe. He doesn’t just want to create a new kingdom; he wants to create it without rabbits.”
“I don’t see what that has to do with Karn,” I said impatiently. 
Jet swore. 
“It doesn’t, directly,” Walter continued. “People in this valley have been waging war against each other, off and on, for generations. Then, almost one hundred years ago we Lepus came over the mountain. It was in our interest to have peace, so we helped to broker it. I guess in many ways that process culminates with this wedding. Once it happens then Kitsunamoshee will eventually control the two kingdoms. But he will not bring peace. Not for us Lepus. He has used us to get this far, but we now fear that once he is in power he will open the floodgates of hate against us. We have nowhere to go Eric, we cannot go back over the mountain and we cannot go into your world, either way we perish surely.”
“Then why not help me stop the wedding?”
“Karn’s father is young still. The kingdoms will not officially come together for many, many years. He is an ally of the Lepus and will help us become part of society. If the wedding were to be off then Kitsunamoshee may well restart the war and use it as an excuse to eradicate the Lepus while he is at it.”
“Do you really think a few more years will change people’s minds about your kind, Walter?”
“It can only help. It will give us time to prove our abilities and make ourselves useful. We have plans Eric, plans bigger than you or me for that matter. It is either we rely on the peace of the current king or certain doom right now. Eric, listen; in life there are choices that must be made. Often the choices are not good or bad but shades of bad or worse. Sometimes the best course of action is simply the one that is not as ruinous as the other.”
“So you are saying I should just forget about Karn, accept nothing as being better than what could happen?”
“I can’t tell you what to do, Eric. But if you did agree to meet her, then you should go see if she shows up. You go meet Karn at the place in the wood. We’ll meet you about a mile out of town going north.”
“Thank you.” I looked at Jet but she just stared back and shrugged. I turned to leave but stopped when Walter spoke.
“Eric?”
“Yeah?” “Don’t wait too long for her. The king will surely find out soon enough and we need to put plenty of miles between us and his guard.”
“Sure.”
Jet cut in. “Eric, get your head out from under yourself. She’s not like us, not like you. She won’t show; you’re wasting your time.”
“Jet,” Walter sighed, “the boy must see his destiny unfold himself. No use stopping him.” He put a paw up. “Go, Eric. Good luck, but keep an open mind and a watchful eye.”
I nodded and left, confused. Walter was right. I had cornered myself into a terrible choice: either give up on Karn once and for all, or try to convince her to escape with me and perhaps doom the rabbits to all-out war. I stood in the clearing and shook my head. I thought back to the morning and how clear everything seemed at the time. 
I resolved to do what was best not for me but for a greater good. I had no business meddling in this place; I did not even belong here. I would tell Karn that while I did still feel love for her the choice I had to make was the bad one, not the horrible one. 
I felt a certain sadness, as if I had suddenly grown up. 
I got the clearing just as dusk was settling in. The place itself was silent. I should have realized then it was too silent to be natural. I had just put down my rucksack when three guards and, to my surprise, Smit stepped out into the clearing.
He turned to one of the guards, “Told ya. Hey there, rabbit boy.” 
I could smell the liquor from a few feet away. He came up to me and jabbed his finger on my chest. “Got a little deep, didn’t ya? I overheard you and the princess getting all lovey-dovey. Need to learn yer place, boy!” 
I swung my arm up and managed to smash his hand into his face and took a few steps back. 
“You little punk!” He reached for a knife on his belt, but by then two of the guards had come up and grabbed his arms.
“Enough!” the third guard said. He pressed some coins into Smits empty hand, “Get out, fool,” and gave Smit a shove.
Smit looked back and laughed, “Don’t worry, boy. If the King doesn’t get you, I will! A weirdo like you can’t hide around these parts.”
I turned to the guard who had paid Smit. “What’s going on?”
“You are under arrest by orders of the king.”
“Why, what did I do?” I turned, trying to see if I could maybe make a run for it, but one of the other two guards grabbed my wrist. I went slack.
“Not my concern, flea. We’re, just here to take you back to town. We can do it easy or hard, your choice.”
I decided now was not the time to test my luck. At this point I still thought I could talk my way out of all of this.
The guards took me into town. This was the first time I had made it through the wall gate into the actual town itself. The guards were frog marching me pretty quickly; I barely had time to take in my surroundings. 
The town’s streets were narrow, lined with rough stone, wood, and plaster houses. In the dark I could see some of the houses lit by candles light or hearth fires, the people inside, talking, laughing—free and living. I hoped I would be both come morning. 
In the center, behind yet another wall, was a larger stone building, what I guessed was the castle. It was plain, with none of the turrets or finials like castles in the fairytale books. Instead it was basically a long box with a pitched roof covered in thatch and mud. 
The guards led me around this building to a smaller, low-lying stone building. They led me down a long corridor. I recognized that I was in a stable, but at the end was a room with several heavy wooden doors lined up along the back wall. They opened one and shoved me inside a smaller room with no windows. When they closed the door I was left in a pitch black, damp room.

Thirteen – Choice 

It was not long before the door opened again. I expected a guard but was surprised to see King Kitsunamoshee himself. I could see several guards standing behind him and got nervous. I figured if Kitsunamoshee came, it may mean that Karn’s father did not even know I was there. I was truly in deep, just as Smit had said. I stood there, partially shielding my eyes from the torches of the guards.
“Well, this is a disappointment. In some ways I was hoping that old drunk was wrong about you, but nonetheless here we are. I must say I am angry but also somewhat flattered. It is good to know I will be marrying a girl other men desire. It does my ego good, no?”
I was in no mood to be lectured. Upon reflection I guess I should have tried to be more diplomatic, but when I thought back to what Walter and Jet had told me about him, I forgot about being nice. 
“She doesn’t love you. You should let her go.”
Kitsunamoshee laughed. “Yes, I forgot. You are not from here and perhaps also something of a dolt too? I doubt very much that she even likes me, much less loves me. That is not the point. My marriage to her will allow me to unite our two kingdoms. The history of fighting between our two nations will come to an end. You look so sad, little boy, but think of it: peace! A chance to make a clean start. Think of how many lives will be saved, made better.
 “I tell you what…I am a reasonable man and about to gain the one thing I have sought since I inherited my own crown: the crown of this valley. I am not a small petty man. I am even a nice guy, or so I am told. I propose a deal with you, sir. My offer from this afternoon still stands. I could use your skills in the guard but with some added provisos now. You will swear allegiance to me and forsake any interest you ever thought you had in Karnattia tomorrow prior to the wedding. And, you will do so in front of not only me but her as well.”
I thought about his offer. At first I thought I had a way out. Since I had come to the clearing prepared to send Karn back here anyway, what would it cost me to do that publicly? Despite the feeling I knew was at the very base of my heart, the feelings I had towards Karn, I could be rational. I could suppress them and move on. What was the future with her anyway? A life of running, hiding, fighting, not a life I really wanted. But I did want to be with her, to hold her, to kiss her. I mentally shook my head clear. Just because I wanted something did not mean it was going to happen. I was not the one with power here. I resolved to accept the offer, to get myself free of this situation and then, at the first reasonable opportunity, slip away and go back over the forest to the mountain I had come from. But again, the thought of the things that Walter and Jet told me popped into my head. Suddenly I knew why I had to say no, not for me, but for others. 
“What about the rabbits then?”
“What rabbits?” 
“I’ve been told all about your plans for peace. You’ll buy it with a payment of rabbit blood, right? Clean start without Lepus? How can you expect me to be a part of that?”
Kitsunamoshee smiled and waved his hand in a gesture of dismissal. “You mistake my intentions. I merely seek to…contain them. They expect too much from us, I fear. If I fence them in it will do them some good as well as us. I am not a monster, sir.” 
“I know men like you back home: men who get jollies from beating up those weaker than they are; using those that are weaker as scapegoats. I won’t be a henchman for a bully.”
A dark expression passed over Kitsunamoshee’s face. “Weaker? Look, you fool, I think you have been misled.” Kitsunamoshee collected himself. “Yes, I am sure of it. You seem ignorant—of many things. What did your rabbit friends tell you about their homeland?”
“They can’t go back, and if you chase them from here—”
“Any why can they not go back, hmmm? Did they forget to mention that part? Allow me to fill in the missing bits then. They cannot go back because if they did they would all die; they would all starve. And why? Because rabbits are thieves! They are not like men who farm the land, who remake the land to produce enough to sustain their population. Rabbits instead steal. They take, regardless of how much there is. And once they have taken everything, they move on. They contribute nothing to the greater good, to the society in which they have come to live. 
“I am not evil, despite what your friends say. I have tried, tried so many times—as have many others—to teach them to farm. I have given them land to farm, tools, seeds! And what do they do? They run away. They go back to foraging, as they call it. They go back to thievery. Why can they not go back across the mountain? Because they have stripped their land bare! They took a lush green land and made it a dust bowl. Oh yes, they try to hide this. But I have sent spies there; I have first-hand accounts of a land laid bare by greedy, lazy thieves. So, I am not evil. I am the opposite. I seek to save us and our land from the fate of the Lepus. If they will not contribute to the survival of this land they must leave it—one way or another.”
“I- I don’t believe you” I said, although doubt had clearly crept into my head.
“That is immaterial. Tell the guard your answer before the midnight watch. I trust you will consider all of your options carefully, although you must know that most of them are not really options.”
“And if I refuse to join the guard?”
Kitsunamoshee looked at me with surprise and then laughed. “Are you really that slow?” He left, the door slamming shut behind him,.
As I sat there in the darkness I thought about the past week. Had it only been a week since I had stumbled across the creek? I thought back to my life before, growing up on the mountain, about my mom and dad. When they had died I had just turned 19. I knew people thought it was strange I was still at home, but being the youngest of seven kids I had no real idea what I wanted to do. I had not even graduated from the high school. Only my sisters had done that. But they and my brothers had all moved away, most out West, looking for something better. I was pretty sure I had never wanted anything better. I planned to work the small landholding we had with my Dad, but beyond that I had no real plans. Life had seemed very simple then. I had limited options on the mountain. I had limited options now too, but between those two situations I had experienced so much, or so I felt. 
Sitting in that dark hole, I realized life had made plans for me. Despite my best efforts to let things wash over and by me, things had stuck to me. In the space of a few days I had met new people—well, new friends—who seemed closer to me than most of my brothers and sisters. And I had met a woman who had won my heart in a way no one else, not even my parents, had.
And there I was, about to lose those few things that had stuck to me. If I did nothing they would surely kill me, but if I joined them I would lose Walter, Jet, and probably Karn too. I hadn’t shed a tear at Mom and Dad’s funeral, but in the dark I cried sudden tears. They flowed out like a tap turned on, and in the process something unwound in me and I came apart. Walter was right: not all choices are good and bad, but I felt that the choices before me were becoming worse and worse. 
I figured that was mostly my doing. Jet was also right: I had been willing to go along for the ride. I needed to start making clear choices—but how? I was locked in a jail with little chance of escape and not very good prospects in the morning. I cried tears of frustration and anger, most of all anger. I was angry with myself for being so passive, for not fighting back harder. I was angry because I had not fought at all. 
And right at that point as I lay, still heaving, on the floor, the door creaked open like magic. I thought I had gone mad for sure when I saw Karn in the flickering torch light with a large white rabbit behind her.  “Karn?” I must have looked a mess.
“Eric, what did they do to you?”
“Nothing. I’m okay. No one did anything—well, not yet. I think your fiancé means to kill me in the morning, though.”
“I know. That’s why I’m here. You have to go now, Eric.”
“Did you go to the clearing? They carried me away so quickly...”
“I was warned. Now get up. You need to get out of here!”
“How? What about the guards?”
“Meredith here,” Karn nodded toward the large white rabbit behind her, “makes a powerful sleeping draught, but it doesn’t last for long. She will lead you to outside the town. Walter is waiting there. You have to go.”
“Will you be there?” I asked, searching her face for a clue. 
She looked away then turned back with a forced smile. “Not now, Eric. But I promise I will do what I can. I know Papa will soon see how evil Kitsunamoshee is.” She took my hand, her face serious. “You must promise me that you will listen to my plan and follow it. If you don’t Kitsunamoshee’s men will find you and kill you. Above all else I want you to live, even if we cannot be together now.”
“What is the plan?”
“Promise first.”
“Okay, I promise. Just promise me you will let me come back to you.”
She smiled softly, “I promise that back to you. Now, Walter will take you back to the bamboo forest. Wait there until morning. If I do not come you must promise me you will cross over back to your world.”
“No, Karn, I can’t, I don’t want to.”
“You have to. But I promise you I will fix things here and send for you. The Lepus can cross back and forth, you know. They will know where to find you and bring you back. I promise. Do you promise?”
I sighed; this was not what I had planned at all. But I knew by the look on her face that Karn was serious and seemed to have a better way out than my plan at any rate.
“Okay.” I leaned in and kissed her. She grabbed my head and kissed me back hard. As we broke I whispered into her ear, “I promise I will never forget you, Karn. I will count the days until we can be together.”
“I also,” she promised and then pulled away. 
From underneath her cloak she drew out a small, leather-wrapped item. She opened it and inside lay a knife about six inches long with an intricately carved rosewood handle. On the steel blade was a brass inlay showing a small vine twining between small figures of rabbits. 
“I want you to take this with you, Eric. It was my grandfather’s. Keep it close to you always. As long as you possess it, it will lead you back to me.”
I took the knife, wrapped it back up, and put it in my pocket. “I will keep it close, Karn.”
For the first time that night she graced me with a warm radiant smile. “Okay, go now, quickly. I have work to do.”
I will never forget her face as I left: in the flickering torchlight it looked like a painting by one of those famous European masters. I swear I can still see every detail.
Meredith led me out of the stable area to a back gate to the town. She unlatched it and I went through and found Walter and Path waiting there.
“Well, Eric, seems like you’ve gotten yourself in a boiling pot, huh? I guess I have to rescue you again. Your ledger grows by the day, kid.”
I laughed. “Walter, I think your math is off; this makes us about even I think.”
Walter huffed out of his nose. “Eric, you will always be in my debt, I am afraid. Now, we have to get back to the bamboo forest quickly.” 
I nodded, not sure how that would happen. It had taken us at least three days of walking to get here. Walter came in close and put a paw on my shoulder.
“You can never tell anyone ever what we are about to do, understood? If you do so help me I will find you and geld you, clear?” 
I nodded, stifling a laugh. He was so serious.
“Climb on.”
“What?” I wasn’t sure I heard him correctly, and if I had, what he even meant.
Path snorted and turned away. Walter sighed and looked at me with a faint expression of pleading.
“Climb on me, Eric. Sit on my shoulders.”
“What!” I actually took a step back.
“Don’t make this any bigger than it is, kid.”
“I didn’t think, I mean, I never even thought—”
“Well, plenty have, so if you ever tell anyone that you rode me I will come beat you to a pulp. Now get on, and hold on to my fur under my head. Do not touch the ears!”
I climbed up as carefully as I could, but it was not an easy thing to do and I did it with as little grace as possible. I had ridden plenty of horses in my day, but this mount was very different. For one thing, Walter’s shoulders were very broad, and without a saddle it was difficult to find a way to hold on.
 “Find the fold in my neck and hold on to that.”
I reached into the fur on the back of his neck and found a fold of soft skin. Finally I was up. “Okay, I think I’m ready, Walter.”
I looked over at Path, who had a funny lopsided grin on his face. Walter grunted and we took off through the night. 
I don’t think there is anyone else who can say they travelled through the night for five hours on the back of a six-foot tall, 400 pound rabbit, but let me tell you it was not comfortable. I think Walter did try to make it a smooth ride, but rabbits are not built to stride like a horse. They push off with their rear legs and land on their front. Each time we would hit the ground with a thump. By the time the bamboo forest was in sight I was sore from holding on tight and my head was pounding from the constant thuds of landing. But Lepus can cover great distances quickly when they run and we covered at least half the three-day walk in just a few hours.
After several hours we stopped in a small clearing in the middle of the woods. Both Walter and Path were huffing. I climbed down and looked around. It was still dark, but the moonlight cast a dim light onto the ground.
“Are we there already?” I asked.
“No” Walter said between breaths. “There is a stream nearby. Path and I need a drink. Your ass is heavy.”
I looked down at my skinny frame and laughed. “You’re out of shape old man.”
Walter huffed and he and Path shuffled off a little ways to a small creek that ran at the edge of the clearing. All three of us lowered ourselves to the creek to get a drink. As I sat back letting the cool delicious water slide down my throat I distinctly heard a twig snap. I was about to say something when Water bolted upright and froze, holding out his paw to my face. Path, seeing Walter sit up, also sat up, looking carefully around. 
We heard nothing more. The night was still, maybe too still, but it was getting towards dawn and the creatures of the night were settling down. 
“Just the wind maybe?” Path said in a barely audible whisper.
“Maybe, but we should go all the same.” Walter said, motioning to me to get up on his back once again. But before I could even step towards him a loud crashing sound came out of the clearing’s other side. Four men, armed with large swords and armor, came rushing towards us. 
“Get on! Get on!” Walter screamed. I struggled to climb on Walter’s back, grabbing a handful of fur and pulling myself up. 
“Run! Run!” Walter said, but it was too late. The four men were on us, their swords slashing. Walter and Path bolted up, swinging around with their heavy paws. I hung on for dear life on Walter’s back. With a mighty whack! Path’s paw connected with one of the men, sending him sprawling. One of the remaining men’s swords swung at Walter’s face and a bright red line appeared on the tip of Walter’s nose. Walter yelped and then reared up, nearly throwing me, and kicked his right leg out and took down the man with a sickening crunch. The man screamed. 
Suddenly I saw something else come out of the woods across the clearing. In the moonlight I could not see anything clearly. It was, I assumed, another rabbit. At first I was happy to see reinforcements, but the blur of ruddy orange and white fur bounced off of Path, sending him sprawling. The other rabbit sleeked into the woods, but I could hear him crashing, turning around for another run at Path. The two remaining men actually scurried off to the side, as if to get out of the way of the new rabbit. 
I could feel Walter’s body go very tense underneath me. 
“Run dammit!” he screamed at Path, who had stood up again and looked somewhat dazed. But fear quickly registered in his eyes and I could see him scramble to run as Walter, already underway, bounded away from the clearing. Walter was taking huge leaping bounds, at a much, much faster pace than any we had done so far that night. It took all of my strength just to hang on. I could feel myself slipping and grabbed another patch of fur. Walter yelled angrily.
“Watch it!”
“Slow down then damn you!”
“Shut up!” Walter was angry, and still going at a fantastic pace. Behind us I could see Path actually catching up. He was younger after all, and did not have anyone clinging to him. Even though Path pulled alongside Walter neither one slowed down at all. I looked back to see if the third rabbit was following still. I could not see it, but the dark of the woods obscured all but the area right around us. 
It was another ten minutes of running before Walter slowed down. I could feel his heart pounding, his breath was fast and ragged. He had clearly worn himself out. 
“Down.” He said between gasps. I slid off. I was afraid I had made him angry, but instead and flopped on his side, his chest and belly rising and falling rapidly. Path was breathing quickly too. 
“Was that a rabbit?” I asked. Walter and Path briefly looked at each other. Path turned and walked away. 
“I’ll look for water” he said, leaving. 
“It was a rabbit, right? What else was it? I mean, are there really rabbits who work for the king?”
“Sure” Walter said, still breathing quickly, “Possibly. I don’t know. It was… dark. Did not get a good…look.” 
We heard Path call and so we walked down a small hill to find another little stream. This time the water had a slightly brackish taste to it. I did not drink from it, but the two rabbits eagerly lapped up a great quantity. 
“What just happened?” I asked as they drank their fill. 
“Dunno, some sort of ambush” Path offered. 
“But how would they know, how could they keep up with us?”
Path did not respond, but Walter sat back, water dripping from his chin. “Informants, I suspect. Got ahead of us and told the locals.. or something.” Walter was acting strangely, eh would not make eye contact with me. 
“But we were going so fast. Was that a rabbit?”
“We weren’t going that fast.” Walter huffed. “You saw how fast we can go! Now, come one. We shouldn’t linger. They probably know where we are headed now anyway. We should get there as soon as possible.”
Despite my best efforts neither rabbit wanted to talk about the ambush anymore, so I dropped it. I tried to keep in mind what they were risking just to ferry me to safety. We continued on, not at the breakneck pace of the last half an hour, but at a considerably faster pace than the first part of the journey. 
After another hour or so we slowed down. We then stopped behind the same large rock outcropping I had climbed to spy down on Walter and Andrew originally. We rested with our backs against an overhang. We had a clear view of the pathway leading to the forest. No one said very much. Walter broke out a packet with splints and gave one each to me and Path. 
I wanted to revisit what had happened but Walter spoke up first. 
“So, what, exactly, happened back at the castle Eric? What are we accessory to?” Walter said, a grin creeping across his face for the first time that night. I told them everything I could remember. 
Path huffed through his nose, “Nasty business in him. I suspect this king may be more trouble than we think.”
“Everyone who thinks the way he does is trouble, Path. It is not just the king we should be worried about.” Walter said quietly. He was somber. He and Path exchanged looks again. 
“I should stay, Walter. Surely there is some place I could hide and wait to see how things turn out. I could even help. If enough people side with the Lepus then maybe we can convince the others—”
Walter put his paw up. “It’s not your fight, Eric.”
“Doesn’t have to be. I’ll do it because it’s the right thing to do.”
“We don’t need heroes,” Walter said, maybe a bit more gruffly than he meant to. “There was a moment back there where I thought that you and I and Jet might be a winning combination. But I was wrong. No, let me finish. I was wrong not because of you, but because I misread my choices. I thought you were a choice I had, but you aren’t. Not yet, not now, not in this situation.”
“But maybe one day?”
Walter smiled, “Maybe, Eric. Maybe. You’re no good to us dead and now that you’ve gone and made time with the king’s betrothed, you’d be dead before anyone even thought of fighting for us or anyone.”
I had to admit to myself that Walter was right. 
“I understand. I appreciate you being honest. But you have to promise me that when things are better, you’ll come and get me.”
Walter got up and thumped his paw into the dirt in front of the fire. 
“Eric, stranger from across the bamboo, I swear on the gods of earth and water that I will come for you as soon as I am able,” he winked at me. 
Path chuckled, “Been a longtime since I heard that oath.” 
Walter laughed. 
I must have looked confused—which I was—because Path went on, “We rabbits never make promises, Eric—never. If we break them our souls will be devoured by foxes in hell.”
Walter shivered and Path made a funny motion with his left paw.  
“So when we do, it’s a big deal. Consider yourself lucky. Not only did you ride a rabbit but he also swore an oath to you too.” Path said with a wry expression. 
“Just keep the knife Karn gave you,” Walter said, suddenly serious. 
I nodded. 
“Time for bed, Eric. You got us into this mush, you keep watch. Although I doubt we’ll have company the rest of tonight. We need rest and once we get you across that bamboo we ain’t getting anymore.”
Walter and Path fell asleep right away. I tried to stay awake to keep watch but I too succumbed, overwhelmed with tiredness.
When I awoke it seemed like mid-afternoon. I heard a far-off rustling. It sounded like the thumping I had been subjected to and at first I thought I was still dreaming. But soon I could see in the distance a large white shape quickly coming down the road. I nudged Walter.
By the time he was awake, Meredith, Karn’s rabbit-in-waiting, had bounded into the clearing next to our rock. She was out of breath and visibly excited.
“Eric! You must go now, quickly, back to your home,” she squeaked. “The king’s men left yesterday. It seems they were tipped off you might come here and they mean to seal off your escape.”
“We were chased back at Staunton creek Meredith” Walter said. 
“Then they do know” she replied. 
“Who would have even known I would come here?” I asked.
Walter gave a large snort. “Smit  is a devil, even if he is a drunk.” 
“I want to wait, incase Karn shows…” I said, searched Meredith’s face. Her expression told me everything I needed to know.
“She won’t be coming Eric.” Meredith said softly.
“Eric, we can’t wait here too much longer” Walter said, his expression serious but kind.  
Suddenly his ears went up, as did Path’s and Meredith’s, although I heard nothing.
“Men are coming. Quickly Eric—go!”
“Why don’t we fight them?”
“And then what? Remember the promise, kid.” Walter said, herding me to the field in front of the stream. “They’ll send more men, catch you, catch us, eventually, and kill us. If you go now you can come back when things have settled down.”
 “But what will happen now if that guy gets into power?”
“It’ll be years before he takes the throne, and Karn will get her father to see his errors before that.” Walter stopped and put his paw on my shoulder again.
“You cannot win this, not now. As long as you are here you are in danger of being killed and, to be honest, in the way. Let us do what we can. We will come back for you, I promise. Karn promises. Heck, even Jet does.”
“How long? I can’t wait forever, you know.”
“I know, kid. But it may take a few months to settle the dust. Don’t worry; we’ll find you. Just keep looking for a friendly rabbit.” Walter smiled and gave me another wink.
I gave him a hug, and Path, and even a surprised Meredith. Then I walked across the field. I turned back to look for them, but they had already hopped away. I waded into the stream and climbed up the other side. I pushed my way into the forest and within a few feet was lost again. It was so thick I panicked a little, afraid I would not be able to find my way back. Just when I was sure I would not be able to actually return, I found myself stumbling out into the field at the foot of the mountain. 
I was back home. Alone.

“Then what Paw Paw?”
“Then nothing, boy. The story is over, that’s then what.”
“No, I mean did the princess ever come back?”
Paw Paw looked at Riley for a moment, at first with anger but then sorrow. “No, of course not; it’s just a story, boy. It never happened. Weren’t no princess. It was just a story.”
Riley was confused. “A story, like made up?”
“Yes! No. I don’t know. It’s been 75 years, Riley. At this point I am pretty sure it is just a made up story. A dream or something I read once and thought it happened to me. I don’t know. And it don’t matter none does it?” he laughed and started to cough. “Even if it were true it’s been a long time and she never came back to her young lover, did she? Pretty sad excuse for a love story if you ask me: boy meets a girl for a few days and then loses her and waits 75 years for her to show up. It never happened, boy. Just a stupid story with giant rabbits. Lewis Carroll did it better anyway. Now go on.”
“But Paw Paw, we could try and go back; go through the bamboo!”
“Boy, I tried that for the longest time. I never could find my way back. I would get in there and get lost. I even waited by the forest, expecting to see Walter hop out. But that’s when I knew it was just my imagination. No six foot tall rabbit ever came out of those woods Riley—never has, never will.”
“What about the knife then? The one you gave me. Is that the one Karn gave you?”
“That? Best as I can recall it must have been my grandfather who gave it to me, Riley. Sorry, but it is just a knife.”
“Not like any I ever saw.”
“What do you know, boy? Now go on. I’m tired. Leave me alone. Too damn old to believe in fairy tales. Leave me in peace.”


Epilogue

Some days later Riley made his way into the kitchen where his Mom was packing up a dinner for herself.
“How was school?”
“Okay, Mom. You goin’ now?”
“Yes. I saved you some beans and chicken. My shift is over at midnight. It looks like a storm comin’ up over the mountain, but I suspect it’ll pass before I get back. I need you to weed the okra before it starts to rain, mister.”
“Aw mom, I can do it tomorrow.”
‘Riley, I asked you three days ago. Now go do it right now before the rain. There’s Johnson grass in there as tall as the okra. Unless you want to eat government beans all summer you better get in that garden.”
“Okay, okay. How’s Paw Paw?”
“Not good. I got him to take some soup, but he won’t get out of bed. I suspect this is near the end, Riley. You should be ready for that. Not like it’s unexpected; the man is 94 years old after all. Now, don’t bother him none, either. Let him sleep. Maybe he’ll sleep through the night. Now, go get weedin’, and I’ll see you in the morning.”
Riley kissed his mom and went out the back. He looked towards the mountain across the way and could see dark clouds behind it. It was a storm coming alright, but not that you could tell here. Riley wiped sweat off his forehead as he unlatched the gate into the garden. He hated weeding but knew that if he didn’t do some the okra would get crowded out—and he hated canned beans worse than gardening. 
He first went through the okra looking carefully for the green pods, cutting them with the knife Paw Paw had given him, and putting them into a plastic bag. Then he sat down between the rows of plants and started pulling the tall grass and clovers. In a few moments he heard his mother start up the old Chevy, leaving him stuck with the very unreliable pick-up truck. 
Oh well, Riley thought, no need for even that. He couldn’t ever leave Paw Paw alone anyway. 
The past few days, ever since Paw Paw had finished telling him the story, Riley kept wondering what had really happened? Had Paw Paw met some girl before he met Maw Maw and this was his way of remembering it? Or had something really happened in a faraway place? 
Whatever it was the old man had taken to bed ever since, refusing to eat much and sleeping most of the time. Riley knew well before his mom mentioned it that his great-grandfather was dying. He just wished he knew what the story was about. He had wanted to ask so many questions about the story—about the country, the people, and rabbits—but Paw Paw refused to talk and his mom had yelled at him to stop bugging the old man.
Riley looked up and at the far end of the garden, under a blackberry bush, saw a small grey rabbit. 
He chuckled. Six feet tall, huh? 
Still, he knew a rabbit in the garden was trouble. He had closed the gate; there must be a hole in the fence.
“Go on! Shoo!” Riley yelled, still sitting. The rabbit didn’t move. Riley shrugged. “Grab a little bite, fella. But once I’m done here I gotta get you out. And for once try to eat the weeds, not the good stuff, okay?” 
Riley went back to weeding and scooted up the row a bit. When he looked back the rabbit had moved forward a few hops, chewing his cud, staring at Riley with tiny brown eyes. The rabbit then hopped under a row of tomatoes and sat there. Riley continued weeding, wanting to finish before the storm. When he glanced back up the rabbit had vanished from the tomatoes. But then he saw it. It was now even closer, a couple of rows over in the sweet potatoes. 
Riley felt the hairs on his neck stand up. He’d never seen a rabbit actually get closer to a person; they usually scampered out of sight right away. This one kept getting closer. Riley carefully put down the weeds he had just pulled. 
The rabbit took a hop closer. It sat still staring at Reilly in the still late afternoon air. The world seemed to stop for a moment. Riley could see the gnats swarming around his head and could hear the sound of cicadas. Riley felt his breath catch. He told himself he was being silly. The animal was probably rabid. But he kept still. The rabbit hopped three more times. It was now a few feet from Riley. The whole time it looked right at Riley. He wasn’t sure what to do. He didn’t dare breathe. 
The rabbit finally stopped a foot from where Riley squatted. It sat back on its haunches and made a jerky movement with its paws around its neck. From beneath the fur it produced a small red packet rolled up in a tube. It carefully put the packet on the ground, looked at Riley, then at the packet, and back at Riley. Then, as fast as it could, the rabbit hopped out of sight through the unseen hole in the fence.
The air had gone still in advance of the storm. Riley sat there for a moment in the hot sun, looking at the small red paper tube. An eternity seemed to pass. Very slowly he reached out and picked it up. On the side was writing in black ink. He held it up close. On the tube were four neat letters printed out in a firm hand: Eric.
Riley bolted upright and ran toward the house, not even bothering to close the garden gate behind him. He ran as fast as he could, straight up the stairs. 
 “Paw Paw! Paw Paw! Paw Paw! Wake up! Wake up!”

