Three Point King
By Daniel Paul Sandoval

Copyright 2012  Daniel Paul Sandoval
Smashwords Edition

Find me on:
Twitter
@sandovalsuccess
FaceBook
https://www.facebook.com/daniel.sandoval.33483?ref=tn_tnmn
Smashwords
http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/danielpaulsandoval
 
 
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Chapter 1:
“Hurry up Jack!  Your uncle is ready to go.  We need to be at the bus station in ten minutes.”
“I’m coming!  Hold on a minute…I gotta grab my basketball from the garage!”
“We don’t have time!  Let’s go!”
“It will only take me a second.”
Jack hurried off into the garage and grabbed his 2008 Kansas championship ball.  He had won it for selling the most candy bars at his elementary school.  Even though it wasn’t signed by any of the coaches or players from the 2008 championship team, Jack still loved the ball more than anything he owned and he didn’t own that much.  
“Come on Jack…we’re late!”
“I’m coming!”
Uncle Sean drove a dusty orange Chevy pickup truck that smelled like cow manure.  Jack’s mom couldn’t find anyone else in their town to take them to the bus stop on a Sunday morning except Uncle Sean, who was really more like a friend of Jack’s dad.  Jack threw his duffle bag in the bed of the truck while Uncle Sean lifted Jack’s mom’s suitcase and backpack into the bed.
“Get in the truck Jack or we’ll be late.”  
“Can I sit in the back?”
“Fine!...Let’s go.”
Jack’s mom was not usually so paranoid about getting to places on time, but ever since she got offered a job in Denver she was ready to bust out of Parsons Kansas.  Jack didn’t feel much different.  Since his dad left two summers ago he hadn’t been the most popular kid around town.  Some of his friends couldn’t hang out with him anymore and his best friend had moved to Kansas City.  Jack was ready for a change in scenery and he was excited to see what mountains looked like.
After he climbed into the back of the pickup, the truck started rolling forward.  Jack quickly grabbed the side of the truck and plopped down.  His mom always told him he didn’t have the best balance and since his dad left he had put on some excess weight.  
Sean tore through the empty town, not even stopping at red lights or stop signs.  One thing could always be counted on in Parsons and that was Sunday morning was quieter than a mouse stealing corn from a barn.  Jack watched from the back of the truck as they passed his elementary school and middle school.  His mom decided to let Jack wait to start school until they moved to Denver.  Her new job started the day after Labor Day and she had already registered Jack in the middle school near the apartment they would be renting.  Jack thought about the other seventh graders who had a long weekend and were probably out camping, going to church, or maybe even hunting with their dads.  
His thoughts drifted back to his dad again.  His dad was the only missing piece in his life, but he couldn’t think about his dad now.  Mom had finally decided to move on and Jack was one hundred percent behind her.  He wanted a fresh start too and Denver sounded like an exciting place to start.  It would be the first time Jack had traveled to another state and the first time he’d be in a big city.  Mom had promised that they could go to a professional basketball game after they got settled that thought permeated Jack's mind until the town of Parsons became a blur.
“Hurry up son!  The bus is about to leave!”
Jack jumped out of the truck with his duffle bag and basketball.  Sean grabbed his mom’s suitcase and shook his head at Jack who hadn’t offered to help.  His mom waved to Sean as they ran over to the driver of the bus who was loading the last suitcase under the cargo hold.  
“We have two tickets to Denver.”
“That’s exactly where I’m headed ma’am.”
Jack and his mom climbed the stairs of the bus and took two open seats towards the front of the bus.  The seats were nicer than anything Jack had ever seen.  They were plush with armchairs and even slightly reclined backwards if you pushed a silver button.  His mom acted like it was nothing, but Jack thought this had to be living the high life.  
The bus driver boarded the bus and walked down the aisle taking everyone’s tickets that got on at Parsons.  There were only three other people from Parsons who got on, but the driver acted very official in examining each ticket to insure it was authentic and valid for travel.  Soon the bus was pulling away and was out on the open road.  Jack’s mom let out a big sigh.  Jack thought she looked elegant in her trouser pants and buttoned up blouse.  She insisted on wearing her best clothes while they traveled so she wouldn’t have to iron them for her first day of work.  Jack watched as the corn rows, blue sky, and farm land of Kansas started to pass him by.  
“Do you think we’ll like Denver mom?”
“I think we’ll like it just fine…now take it easy…this is going to be a long bus ride.”
“I’m glad we’re moving…”
“So am I sweetie.  Why don’t you take out something to read or get some rest?”
“I’m not tired and I didn’t have room to bring any of my magazines.”
“There’s an old newspaper across the aisle…why don’t you read it?”
“Do I have to?”
“I’m going to try and get some sleep…I think it’s better if you have something to keep you busy.”
“Alright…I’ll see if it still has the sports section.”
“Sounds good honey…don’t wake me up unless we stop for food.”
Jack reached across the aisle, but couldn’t quite reach the newspaper.  His short arms were never very useful for much.  He tried to stretch out, but he still couldn’t reach it.  The bus driver looked at him in a rear view mirror.
“You can get out of your seat if you want to read my newspaper son.”
“Are you sure it’s safe?”
“You just find yourself another seat quick like.”
“My mom is trying to sleep.  Are you sure it’s okay?”
“I’m positive…now grab my newspaper and come closer to the front so you can read it to me.”
Jack unbuckled his seat belt and grabbed the newspaper as fast as he could and sat down in the front row of the bus where no one else was sitting.  
“My name’s Jack.”
“My name is Clyde and it’s very nice to meet you Jack.”
“It’s nice to meet you to sir.”
“Call me Clyde son.  I never did like sir.”
“Okay Clyde…what would you like me to read to you?”
“Well…I think I was reading something about Afghanistan or Iran, but you probably don’t want to read about that…do you?”
“I’d kinda like to read the sports section…if you don’t mind?”
“Of course I don’t mind…sometimes it feels like I’m eating my dessert before my dinner if I read the sports section first, but I think I got pretty far through that newspaper this morning.”
“Should I start with the headlines?”
Clyde gave Jack a wry smile and looked at him in the rear view mirror.
“Why don’t I tell you a story about a game that happened a long time ago?”
“That’s fine…did you play in it?”
“Why yes I did…are you a Kansas fan Jack?”
“Absolutely…isn’t everyone in Kansas?”
“Well not everyone, but there are a lot of us.  Now this story has to do with a boy who would someday become a Jayhawk…Are you ready?”
“I’m ready.”
“Way back in the days of early basketball…there was a boy who liked to play on the basketball court at the school playground.  There was only one basketball hoop and it was in bad shape.  The boy really liked to play though and so he played by himself almost every night.  One day the gym teacher at the school took interest in the boy and saw that he was a pretty good player.  The teacher thought the boy was good enough to play on a team so he helped the boy find a team to play on.  The boy liked basketball, but he didn’t always like playing with the other boys on the team.  He was the best player, but he didn’t pass the ball or help his teammates when they were struggling.  The boy just kept to himself and tried to score all the points by himself.”
“This is kind of a strange story Clyde.”
“Well that’s the most intelligent thing I’ve heard anyone say all week…Shall I continue?”
“Sure”
“The boy and his team won some games and lost some games, but at the end of their short season the boy told the coach he didn't like playing with the other boys.  The boy went back to playing on the court at the school yard.  The teacher saw the boy back at the school yard and asked him what was wrong.  The boy told him what happened and the teacher decided that he better start working with the boy.  The teacher started practicing with the boy and after a week or two brought another kid to play with them.  The boy didn’t mind the small group.  After another couple weeks the teacher brought another player.  The boy adjusted fine to that.  Pretty soon the teacher had ten boys playing on the school yard and the boy who was playing alone soon found out that playing with others was more fun than he had first experienced.”
“So is this story about being nice to other kids?”
“It’s really not finished…do you want me to finish?”
“Sure I do…but I think that the teacher was pretty smart for doing what he did.”
“Of course he was smart and that’s why I like you Jack…You’re smart too.”
“I don’t get the best grades, but it’s enough to pass.”
“Well you see things that many people don’t see from this story.”
“Is that good?”
“Of course it’s good…now how about I finish up this story?”
“Sounds fine to me.”
“Well…the teacher had a regular practice and game going every day after school and the boy who started it was the best player on the court.  When the boy went to junior high he was asked to play on the basketball team.  Because he had so much fun with his gym teacher and the other kids he agreed.  He was the best player at his junior high and was then the best player at his high school.  He was so good that he was named the best player in the county when he was in the ninth grade.  After his tenth grade year he was the best player in the state and soon there were colleges who wanted the boy to play for them.  The boy had a tough choice of where to go to college, but he chose to be a Jayhawk.  He went on to do many great things in his life as a basketball player.  One thing he never forgot was the lesson he learned from the teacher…Now can you tell me what lesson he learned?”
“He learned that you have to give things a try.”
“That’s right…he did learn that…is there anything else he learned?”
“He learned that you have to play with teammates to play basketball.”
“That’s also right.  What else Jack?  What else did he learn?”
“I don’t know Clyde…maybe that teachers are good people?”
“Well lots of teachers are good people, but there’s something more to this story.”
“I’m not sure what it is.”
“I’m gonna give you a clue, but I’m not gonna give you the answer.  The boy learned something about himself.”
“That’s it?”
“That’s your clue.”
“Now…It’s about time to start reading that newspaper.  You have all the way to Denver to think about what that boy learned.  When you have the answer you can give it to me…now let’s read that sports section.”  
Jack opened the newspaper and started reading.  Something exciting was happening in baseball and college football had just started.  Clyde smiled as Jack read to him out loud.  The rest of the bus was quiet, but the front was rich with stories and sports talk.
Chapter 2:
It was nearly nightfall by the time the bus passed the Denver city limit sign.  Jack and his mom watched a gorgeous purple, orange, and red sunset light up the sky silhouetting the distant Rocky Mountains.  The bus ride had been long, but Clyde proved to be a wonderful traveling companion who knew more about what was going in the world than anyone Jack had ever met.  Still, Jack could not figure out the other thing the boy learned from the teacher in Clyde’s story and it was almost too late as the bus was pulling off the highway and making the first stop in Denver where Jack and his mom needed to get off.
“Get your stuff together Jack.  We’ll be getting off soon.”
“I’m good to go mom.  How are we getting to the apartment?”
“One of my friends from college is supposed to pick us up and take us there.”
Jack’s mom could see her college friend waiting for them in the parking lot of the small bus stop on the east side of Denver.  Jack looked at Clyde who was concentrating on pulling in the bus to the stop.  Jack looked at Clyde as the bus stopped rolling.  Clyde turned around and grinned.
“Did you figure it out yet?”
“I think he learned that he could trust other people.”
“That’s right Jack…now don’t you forget that lesson.  You can trust other people…It was so good to have met you…I hope you enjoy your new home.”
“Thanks Clyde.  It was nice to meet you too.”
Jack’s mom smiled as she nudged Jack off the bus and onto the black pavement of the parking lot.  Jack could see that his mom’s friend was driving a big white SUV.  She looked a little nervous about standing in the parking lot and quickly waved Jack and his mom over to her car.
“Hi Eileen!...It’s so good to see you again.  This is my son Jack.”
“Nice to meet you Jack, we better hurry and get going.”
Eileen practically jumped into her car and locked the doors as soon as Jack and his mom had sat down.  The SUV was twenty times nicer than the bus Jack had just been on.  The seats were made of sleek leather and there was a TV screen on the seat in front of where Jack sat.  In fact, there was a TV screen on the back of every seat in the SUV.  The SUV smelled like it was expensive and the engine purred like a lurking tiger.  Eileen matched her car perfectly.  She wore thick make-up with heavy eye shadow and had golden flowing hair.  Jack also noticed that she puffed out her chest a little as if she was trying to show something off.
“It is so good to see you Eileen…you have a beautiful car.”
“Thanks Gina…it’s nice to see you too.  Don’t let this old thing fool you.  My husband Greg made me drive the old car when he found out you were being dropped off on this side of town.”
“Well my apartment is supposed to be close to this side of town…Is it not safe here?”
“It’s not unsafe…it’s just a bit rough…Now where did you say the apartment complex was?”
Eileen smiled and tried to be polite as she drove Jack and his mom to their new apartment.  Jack ignored the conversation going on between his mom and her college friend.  He was amazed at how much was happening outside of the car.  People were walking around and catching the city bus, there were restaurants open, gas stations at every corner, and almost all the people outside had dark skin.  Jack had never seen so many African Americans before in his life.  He was amazed at this new world.
It didn’t take long for Eileen to get them to their apartment complex.  Jack could tell she was completely frightened when she saw all the people hanging around outside of the apartment manager’s office.  Most of them were just talking or playing games.  Jack thought it was wonderful.  As soon as the car stopped, Jack tore out of the SUV and looked in amazement at all the people.  An elderly woman was leaving the manager’s office complaining about the air conditioning being turned off when it was still ninety degrees outside.  The manager told her that if she needed to cool down the swimming pool was still open for the weekend.  Jack turned to look at his mom who was giving Eileen a fake hug goodbye.  As soon as his mom was out of the SUV Eileen was backing out and locking her doors.
“She was interesting mom.”
“Stop while you're ahead…we’ve got to find the manager.”
“I’m pretty sure he’s inside…someone just left the office complaining about no air conditioning.”
“Well it is pretty hot here…not what I expected.”
Jack followed his mom into the manager’s office and was greeted by a gruff older man.  He was the first white person Jack had seen besides Eileen since they got off the bus.  After a sour frown and shake of his head the manager finally agreed to speak with Jack’s mom.  Jack’s eyes wandered away from the adult conversation.  He looked at the certificates and plaques on the wall in the manager’s office.  He thought it was kind of odd that the manager’s office looked more like the lobby of the motel in Parsons than an apartment office, not that Jack knew what an apartment office really looked like.  Suddenly Jack’s mom put her hand on Jack’s back holding a key with a big plastic key ring attached to it.  She led him up three flights of stairs and past at least a dozen people who were sitting on lawn chairs and step stools outside their apartments and all of whom were not white.  Eventually they made it to their apartment number.  Jack and his mom went inside to find that their air conditioning was not working either.  
“I thought you said we were getting an apartment?”
“This is our apartment for the next month and I don’t want to hear another word out of you.  We don’t have everything we need for a real apartment yet.  This will have to do for now…no complaining.”
“I’m not complaining, I just didn’t think we’d have to share the same room and have a tiny kitchen, but it’s fine mom.  Did you see all the things to do outside?”
“Jack you need to listen to me.  Eileen told me this isn’t the best part of town.  She was worried about us moving in here.  We’ll figure out where your school is tomorrow and the best way for you to keep safe while I’m at work.  Now, let’s get unpacked and get some sleep.”
With only a duffle bag, suitcase, and championship Kansas basketball between the two of them, unpacking was pretty easy.  The room had two double beds right next to each other, a small kitchenette with stove top, microwave, dishwasher, refrigerator, sink, and coffee maker.  The few cabinets had enough mismatched dishes and silverware for four people and the tiny table that sat in the corner on the way to the bathroom was more of a glorified nightstand than anything else.  Jack laughed to himself and thought it pretty funny that they came all the way to the big city to live in a place the size of a rat trap.

Chapter 3:
“Are we gonna do something after we find out where the school is?”
“We’ve got to get some things from the grocery store so we can get through the week and maybe we’ll go to Eileen’s…she invited us to her families Labor Day Bar-B-Que.”
“I’d rather stay around here…besides how are we gonna get to Eileen’s?”
“She said her husband would pick us up and take us out to their house…so watcha think?”
“Can I decide later?...it’s still pretty early.”
“That’s fine, but we need to call Eileen before noon to let her know what’s going on.”
“Why are you suddenly friends with her anyway?  It doesn’t make a lot of sense.”
“She was my friend in college and she helped me get a job at her husband’s company.”
“Well that makes sense…do you think you’re gonna like it?”
“I don’t know Jack…I know it’s going to pay me a lot more than what I was getting paid in Parsons…Now we better hurry and get going if we want to get this stuff done before lunch time.”
Jack watched his mom gather up her purse and wallet.  Jack never really thought about his mom until his dad left.  He now knew the reality of all his mom did.  She paid the bills, cooked dinner, did laundry, cleaned the house, and helped Jack with homework or anything else he was struggling with.  The last two years helped Jack see the true beauty in his mom.  He also loved her dark brown hair, olive skin, and deep brown eyes.  Her face was soft and her cheeks round just like Jack’s, but her body was petite.  Jack loved everything about his mom, especially that she didn’t put up with his pushy attitude.
The apartment complex was silent as they left to find Jack’s school and go to the grocery store.  It was almost as if the fun filled ambience of the night before had dissipated with the rising of the sun.  
The school was about three blocks away from the apartment and Jack was excited to see that the school had about six basketball courts on the playground.  A few people who were out walking their dogs made their way around the track at the school and a couple of boys were out throwing the football around on the football field in the middle of the track.  
When Jack’s mom was satisfied that Jack knew how to get to the school they started to walk back towards their apartment.  Jack knew there was a grocery store caddy corner from the apartment complex and assumed that his mom would be headed there.  
Despite the apartment complex being on a busy street and the school being three blocks away, there were some neighborhoods with houses in between the two.  While Jack followed his mom he heard the sound of someone dribbling the basketball.  A tall boy with a thick frame was standing in an alley shooting hoops at a lone rim affixed to the back of a detached garage.  Jack paused for a moment while his mom kept walking.  The boy in the alley looked at Jack.
“You wanna play me boy?”
Jack was speechless; he didn’t expect anyone to talk to him.  He thought about going down the alley, but he remembered his mom.
“I gotta go to the store…what’s your name?”
“You come play me…I tell you my name.”
The tall boy picked up right where he left off and started shooting hoops again.  Jack couldn’t decide if he looked any good or not, but he was excited by the idea of being able to find someone to shoot hoops with.  
“Hey mom!...Can I catch up with you after you go shopping?”
“What are you doing Jack?  Get over here now!”
“This boy wants me to play basketball with him…can I go?”
“I don’t know Jack…you know what Eileen said.”
“It’s fine mom…it’s not dark out and I’ll be back at the apartment in an hour…I promise.”
Jack’s mom looked down at the sidewalk and shook her head.  Jack knew she had the look of uncertainty and that she could go either way with her choice.
“Go ahead…but you better be back in an hour!”
“I will mom, I’ll be back.”
Jack hurried off down the alley.  As he got closer to the boy he could tell the boy was taller than he originally thought.  The boy had at least ten inches on Jack.  After jumping up and snatching a missed shot off of the rim, the tall boy smiled at Jack.  He was thick with muscles and had a hair line mustache growing across his upper lip.  His hair was tightly curled and growing out, but not quite ready for corn rows or braids.  The boy wore black gym shorts and a white muscle shirt.  Jack did not recognize what kind of shoes the boy was wearing, but Jack was definitely intimidated.
“So you wanna play me boy.”
“I guess so…are you like in high school?”
The tall boy chuckled and then gave Jack a strong stare.
“I don’t go to school…but if I did I’d be in eight grade.”
Jack was completely shocked that the boy in front of him was only a year older than he was and somehow looked at least five years his senior.  
“I’m supposed to start seventh grade tomorrow over at the school.”
“Coulda fool’d me boy…I thoughts you was a four grader.”
“Well do you wanna play?  I’ve been dying to play since I got in town.”
“Where you from boy?”
“My name’s Jack…and I’m from Parsons Kansas…my mom and I just moved into town.”
“You another country boy think he can play ball…come on Jack…let me show you how we does it in the hood.”
The tall boy started dribbling the basketball in between his legs and then stopped and took a shot that went straight through the net-less hoop on the garage.
“Dat’s one point for me…zero for you Jack…you get the ball, but it’s make it take after three and then we only play to seven”
Jack sized up the tall boy as he gave the lopsided orange basketball a caress through his hands.  Just as Jack put the ball on the ground for his first dribble, the tall boy stole the ball and laid it in the hoop for his second point.
“I tells you it’s make it take it after three…ready?”
The tall boy handed Jack the ball again.  This time Jack dribbled the ball walking backwards.  The tall boy didn’t move from where he was.  When Jack was about twenty feet away he shot the ball.  The ball bounced off the back of the iron and through the hoop for a point.
“Dat’s good country Jack…now I know to D up on you when you take it outside.”
The tall boy now had the ball and Jack was convinced he would need to play defense if we was going to have another shot at scoring more points.  The tall boy took a giant step right at Jack and leapt in the air.  Jack instinctively moved out of the way.  The tall boy laid the ball in for point number three.
“Now it’s make it take it.  Ready to see seven?”
The tall boy continued to drive toward the basket again and again.  Jack did not know how to stop the onslaught.  He moved every time the tall boy drove in for a lay-up.  It didn’t take long for the tall boy to win the game.  
“Thanks for playing Jack…maybe next time you score two points on me.”
“Do you mind if I shoot around with you for a few?  My mom’s at the store and I don’t have to meet her for another forty minutes?”
“You is country boy…this is da hood Jack.  Hoops in da hood ain’t about shoot around…it’s all about the competition.  Come back when you ready to compete.”
“Nobody told me about that before…you don’t have anyone else to play with you anyway.”
“What’s with you Jack…I’m giving you a way out man…my homies be coming soon…they don’t like country boys.”
“Can we play one more game to three…no make it take it?”
“Fine boy… let’s go!”
The tall boy started with the ball and instead of driving on Jack he pulled up for a short jumper which he made.  Jack took the ball and started dribbling away from the hoop again.  This time the tall boy stuck to him like glue.  Jack couldn’t shake him off and finally the tall boy stole the ball and drove in for an easy lay-up.  Jack was down to one more possession before he would need to leave.  This time the tall boy let Jack back up as far as he wanted.  He waited under the hoop for the rebound.  Jack knew he could easily make the shot he did in the first game again, but he wanted to show off what he could do.  Jack took it back another five feet from where he made the first shot.
“Dat’s too far Jacky boy…you is in NBA range now.”
Jack took a look at the hoop and squared his shoulders with the rim.  He pushed with his legs into in the air and let out a beautifully arced shot.  The ball went straight through the hoop and then bounced and spun right into the tall boy’s hands.
“You do that all the time Jack?”
“Most of the time if I’m open.”
“Dat ain’t no easy shot.”
“My dad used to shoot hoops with me every night after school…I’ve been shooting around by myself for the past couple of years…I’d like to find someone to shoot around with.”
“I told you Jack…my homies don’t like no country boys…you start playing at the school yard after school, you do good in those games…they play every day after school…now get lost fore’ my homies get here.”
“I didn’t catch your name.”
“My homies call me Ox…see you round country Jack.”
Jack waved to Ox.  He looked down at his watch and saw that he still had another thirty minutes before he was supposed to meet his mom.  He decided he’d walk slowly back and see if anybody was out and about around the apartment.  More than likely this would be the last chance to do what he wanted for the rest of the day, he knew his mom would now make him go to Eileen’s later that afternoon.

Chapter 4:       
“Are you sure this guy is supposed to come pick us up?”
“He’s not just a guy…he’s Eileen’s husband…his name is Greg…now you better mind yourself I think he’s here.”
“Is that him in the Mercedes?”
“He said he drove a sports car…now let’s go.”
Jack knew he owed it to his mom to go to the bar-b-que, but he still wasn’t happy about it.  He had thought about Ox for the past few hours.  He wondered why a kid with so much talent didn’t go to school and only shot hoops in the alley.  If only Jack had that kind of height and ability to take on defenders he’d be unstoppable.  Something just wouldn’t let him stop thinking about Ox.  
By the time Jack had made it down the stairs and into the parking lot his mom was already chatting with Eileen’s husband Greg.  Greg was wearing loafers without any socks and had on a pair of nicely pressed cargo shorts.  His polo shirt was as neatly pressed as his shorts and his crew cut brown hair left Jack wondering if Greg was a drill sergeant, football coach, or ruthless business man.  Greg waved for Jack to come over to the sports car.
“How you doing Jack…my name’s Greg…your mom has been telling me you like to play basketball.”
Jack gave his mom the look of death, but was completely surprised by how nice Greg was compared to his wife.
“I told Greg about your little pick-up game on the way to the grocery store this morning.”
“It was nothing mom…there was a kid playing in the alley and I wanted to see if I could join him.”
“Well…you gotta be careful around this neighborhood…Eileen told me you weren’t in the best part of town…I’ll see if I can make some calls later in the week and get you into something nicer.”
“My mom and I will be fine here…she’s gonna get us our own place in a month…right mom?”
“Yes Jack…that’s the plan…should we get going?”
Greg smiled and nodded his head.  He opened his door and had Jack climb in the tiny back seat.  Jack’s mom got to ride shotgun with Greg.  Jack wondered how long he’d be cooped up in the back of the car.  
Greg sped out of the parking lot relatively quick trying to show off the muscle under the hood of his car.  After zig zagging through several unfamiliar streets and past shopping complexes and office buildings the sports car suddenly accelerated at a rapid pace as it shot down a freeway.  
The scenery was remarkable once they were on the freeway.  Jack could see the mountains off in the distance and a beautiful golf course and baseball diamonds.  Parsons Kansas was a far cry from what he was experiencing.  He wondered if Ox had ever been in a sports car and then the dreaded thought of his father crept into his mind.  Jack didn’t like to think about his dad when he was enjoying life, but he had this cruel gift of wondering if his father was enjoying his life without Jack around.  
It had been two years since Jack’s dad left for Texas.  At first he was just supposed to be taking a job in south Texas.  Three weeks later they tried to call his cell phone and the number was turned off.  Jack tried to find his dad on the internet, but it was like he just disappeared.  Jack’s head hung down looking at the impeccable floor of the Mercedes when it started to slow down.
Greg had pulled off the highway and was suddenly in a neighborhood with houses that looked like castles to Jack.  Every house had beautifully landscaped with manicured lawns.  They all sat several hundred feet off of the sidewalk and some had their own swimming pools and basketball courts.  Jack wondered which house was Greg’s.
“We’re about there Jack…how did you enjoy the ride?”
“It was fast.”
Greg started to chuckle and suddenly made a sharp turn into a driveway.
“This is us…shall I give you both a tour?”
“Do you have a basketball court?”
“Don’t be rude Jack.”
“He’s fine Gina…we actually have a sport court and swimming pool…did Eileen tell you to bring swim suits?”
“No…she forgot to mention that…but we don’t need to swim.”
“I’ll swim if you have extra shorts.”
“That’s what I like about you Jack…you’re honest…let’s go see if we can find the rest of the crew.”
Greg led them into the house.  The floors in the house looked like they were made of marble and the furniture looked too expensive to even sit on.  The entry way had a spiraling staircase to the second floor and Jack could hear the sound of video games coming from the upstairs.  Greg led them into the kitchen which was bigger than any kitchen Jack had even seen before.  The appliances were all made of stainless steel and Eileen was directing two people who were dressed like cooks showing them how to arrange the food they were brining into the kitchen.
“Hey honey…I picked up Jack and Gina…looks like the caterers are here.”
“And not a moment too soon…the Gallagher’s and Moretti’s will be here soon…glad you could make it Gina.”
Eileen gave Jack’s mom a fake smile and then busily continued bossing the caterers around.  Greg smiled at Jack and Gina and showed them the back yard.  The yard was guarded by a perimeter of very tall trees and towards the back of the yard sat the sport court Greg mentioned earlier.  The swimming pool was nestled just off the walk out patio and had several fountains, a hot tub, and a diving board.  Jack felt like he was in shock until Greg started walking towards the sport court and called for Jack to follow him.  Jack looked at his mom who decided to take a seat on a patio lounger.  She winked at him and Jack followed Greg.
“So you like to play basketball?”
“I love basketball.  I played almost every day in Parsons.”
“Did your mom tell you that I’m from Kansas?”
“Really?...what part?”
“I’m from Wichita…Here catch.”
Greg passed Jack a leather basketball.
“Is this really leather?”
“It sure is…I only let my kids play with leather basketballs.  It’s what they use in their league games.”
“I didn’t know you had kids.”
“My son Alan is in the same grade as you.  He is the power forward on his basketball team.  My other son Andy is fifteen and made the varsity team at his high school last year.  I played college ball for Wichita State…basketball kind of runs in my family Jack.”
“That’s pretty sweet Greg…do you mind if we shoot around?”
“Be my guest.”
Jack stood at the three point line and swished the ball right though the net.
“Nice shot Jack…bet you can’t do that from the top of the arc.”
Jack caught the bounce pass from Greg and dribbled the ball to the top of the arc.  He stopped and squared up and nailed the next shot.  
“That’s pretty good Jack.  Have you played on a team before?”
“No…we didn’t have a team in Parsons and most of the kids were more into football.  I just shot around with a couple of friends until they stopped showing up.”
“You dribble pretty well and it looks to me like you can shoot the lights out of an abandoned barn.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“It’s just an expression Jack…do you mind if I run a couple drills with you?”
“Not at all.”
Greg had Jack stand outside the three point line and side shuffle with his feet around the arc until Greg passed him a ball.  As soon as Jack got the ball he was supposed to shoot.  Greg had two balls so that Jack would be shooting the ball more frequently.  Jack shuffled pretty lazily, but as soon as he had the ball he stopped, shot, and made the shot.  Greg had Jack go around the arc three times.  Jack only missed two shots, but was winded by the time the short drill was over.  
“That was amazing Jack…I’ve never seen anyone make as many three pointers as you just did, but you gotta get in shape if you really want to play ball.”
“I…uh…kinda…figured…that.”
“Catch your breath a minute and I’ll grab Alan and Andy.  They’ll be amazed by what you can do.”  
Greg ran off into the house and Jack looked up at the patio where his mom was sitting.  She waved to him and smiled.  He waved back and gave her a toothy grin.  A few minutes later Greg came out of the house with his two sons.  Both boys were tall and blonde and seemed to have a permanent scowl.  Straggling a bit behind Greg and his boys was a beautiful girl with bleached blonde hair and deep blue eyes.  Jack stared at the girl as if she were a celebrity.  When she noticed that Jack was staring at her she gave him a tender smile and motioned her head towards Greg.
“Jack…this is my son Alan and my son Andy…my daughter Amanda came too.  She’s going to watch from the grass.”
“Nice to meet all of you…do you want to run the same drill?”
“Sure…let’s run it again.”
Greg had Jack start shuffling and passed him a ball.  Jack made shot after shot.  Alan and Andy watched silently as the net on their hoop got a good workout.  Jack only missed one shot this time and Greg was elated.
“Wasn’t that something boys...I’ve never seen this kind of talent from behind the arc.” 
“It’s one thing to make those shots in a drill…it’s another thing to make them with a defender on you.”
“Fine Alan…let’s play.  I’ll take Jack on my team and you and Andy can take us on.”
“You wanna play up to 21?...anything behind the arc is worth 2…inside the arc is 1 point.”
“Let’s do it Alan…Dad hasn’t played since he blew out his ankle skiing last winter.”
“I’m warning you both…I got a sweet shooter on my team.”
Jack didn’t know if Greg’s kids liked him or not.  He glanced over at Amanda again who quietly waved at Jack.  Alan and Andy started with the ball.  Greg had Jack guard Alan.  Alan was about six inches taller than Jack and was in much better shape.  The two brothers scored quickly on Greg and Jack.  Jack took the ball up to the top of the arc and passed the ball to Greg.  Greg had a good size advantage on Andy and soon posted him up and scored a basket.  
“Nice Assist Jack…Keep your eye on Alan, he’s quick.”
Andy and Alan ran their same give and go play and soon had scored another point.  Greg took the ball up top this time.  He motioned for Jack to try and get open for a shot behind the arc.  Jack tried to shake Alan, but couldn’t.  Greg called for Jack to come behind him and handed the ball off to Jack while he stepped in front of Alan.  Jack had a small window to shoot.  He took the shot from three feet behind the arc and knocked the shot clean.  
“There you go Jack!  We got the advantage now!”
Just as Alan and Andy were about to run another give and go set, Eileen called from the patio.
“Food’s ready and the Gallagher’s and Moretti’s are in the driveway!”
“Let’s go in boys…we’ll finish playing after we eat.”
Greg rolled the ball off the court and Andy followed after him.  Jack stood where he was and took in a deep breath.
“What’s the matter dough boy?  Too much exercise for one day?”
Alan didn’t even look at Jack as he knocked his shoulder into Jack.  Jack was about to say something back to Alan when he was suddenly greeted by Amanda.
“Don’t do anything…he’s jealous he can’t shoot the basketball like you.”
“What’s his problem? I’m just trying to have some fun.”
“He’s like that with everyone.  Last year his league team won the district championship and since then he thinks he’s better than anyone at basketball.”
“I haven’t been in town for more than a day and I already know somebody who plays better than him.”
“Don’t tell me you’re as arrogant as my brother.”
“Not me…I played a game against this boy in my neighborhood this morning.  He was the best player I’ve ever seen…His name is Ox.”
“Like an animal?”
“Yes…but he’s really good and taller than your brother.”
“I’m Amanda by the way.”
“I’m Jack…sorry…I forgot to introduce myself.”
“It’s okay…my dad hardly introduces me to anybody…he’s all about his boys.”
“My dad left my mom and me…so at least you have a dad.”
“Oh…I didn’t know…is that why you moved to Denver?”
“No…my mom got some job out here.  I think it’s pretty cool here and it got us out of the house that reminded us of my dad.”
“That’s pretty brave of your mom to come all the way out here.”
“Well your mom and dad have been pretty nice to her since we got here.  I don’t know if she could have done it without them.”
“Don’t let my mom fool you.  She’s more selfish and prideful than Alan.  My dad is always trying to please her, but she just wants more and more.  He let her start her own business last year and now she makes more money than my dad…I heard them talking about it.  She wants to move into a bigger house, but my dad won’t move.  He likes things the way they are.  My mom is never happy.”
“Is Alan ever happy?”
“No!  He’s worse.  Right after his team won the district championship he started hollering at his teammates for not focusing on repeating.”
“What kind of league does he play in?”
“It’s a competitive league for boys in middle school.  Most of the teams in the league are like my brother’s team…a bunch of rich kids, but there’s one team that should have beat Alan’s team in the championship game.  They’re from a bad part of town and all the players are black, but they are good.  My dad was proud of Alan, but thought he should have fouled out of the game in the fourth quarter for knocking the other team’s best player to the ground and out of the game.  Alan broke the kid’s wrist.”
“That’s serious!”
“Tell me about it…all the girls at our school think Alan’s a dream come true, I think he’s a loser.”
“Well I think you’re probably right.  How old are you anyway?”
“I’m the same age as Alan…I’m his twin.”
Jack didn’t know what to say.  He didn’t expect Amanda to say what she did.  Before he could reply Jack’s mom was calling for them to come into the house and join the others.  Amanda smiled at Jack and started jogging up to the house.  For the first time in his life, Jack suddenly cared about what he was wearing.  He looked down at his worn out tennis shoes, faded jean shorts, and wrinkled Jayhawk T-shirt.  He felt embarrassed, but followed Amanda back to the house.

Chapter 5:
 Jack stood in the bathroom looking in the mirror.  He couldn’t believe he just spent an entire afternoon looking the way he did.  His brown hair with red tones was shaggy and looked like it hadn’t been combed in days.  The freckles on his cheeks were really standing out from being in the sun all day and he was definitely getting chubby around his stomach.  Jack bit down and gritted his teeth together then opened his mouth.  His teeth were clean and white, but he felt like brushing them anyway. 
“Are you going to take a shower or not?!”
“Hold on mom….I’mmmm brushin myyy teff.”
“Well hurry up…I need to go to the bathroom.”
Jack knew the issue of one bathroom was going to come up again and again.  Jack had agreed to take showers at night so that his mom could have the bathroom in the mornings to get ready for work.
“What time do you have to leave for work tomorrow?”
“I need to be to the office by eight o’clock…Greg is going to pick me up at seven thirty and show me the bus route to get there so that I can start taking the bus until we have enough money to buy a car.”
“Why don’t you just ask Greg to bother one of his?”
Jack turned on the shower immediately after making his comment.  He couldn’t hear his mom’s rebuttal over the noise of the shower and smiled as he jumped into the hot steaming water.  As he rubbed shampoo through his hair he thought about all that had happened.  His first full day in Denver had proven to be pretty eventful.  He played against the best basketball player he had ever met, showed off his skill of shooting three pointers, and spent the afternoon talking to a girl he thought was beautiful.  Jack couldn’t wait to see what the next day would bring.  For the first time in two years he was actually excited about going to school.
* * * *
  The bright sun shined on the back of Jack as he made his way to school.  He took several looks down the alley where he had played Ox the day before, but couldn’t see anybody.  Other kids were walking to school too.  Jack had never seen so many African Americans and Latino’s before in his life.  Most of the kids were African American, but there were even a few white kids sprinkled in too.  By the time Jack reached the school the first bell had already rang.  Jack decided he better get into the main office and figure out where he needed to go.  
The main office was pretty chaotic with phones ringing, students asking for late slips, and teachers checking their mail boxes as they scurried off to class.  Jack wasn’t one who would normally wait around for people, but he thought in this instance he would take in the chaos.  He laughed to himself as he heard one of the secretaries explain to a parent that it didn’t matter if their daughter had a sun burn, she would still be marked absent from school.  A boy who was dressed in all black and wore a do rag on his head was trying to convince a security guard that he didn’t throw a rock at the school.  Jack was in simple amazement by what he walked into.  This was a far cry from Parsons Kansas.  Finally a woman behind the desk called for Jack.
“What is it you need?”
“I’m new here…this is my first day here.”
“Well…welcome to Davis Middle School.  What’s your last name?”
“Uhh…Hampton…Jack Hampton.”
“Let me see here…yes…here you are…looks like you need to go the counseling office so they can get you a schedule.”
“Where’s the counseling office?”
“Go out the hall and to the right.  You can’t miss it.”
Jack checked his backpack to make sure it was still latched on to his shoulders and headed down the hall.  The halls were beginning to thin out and then what sounded like a final bell rang.  Within a few seconds the halls were clear.  Jack saw a big sign pointing to the counseling office and went in.  A large lady sat at a reception desk.
“Can I help you?”
“Yeah…my name is Jack Hampton and today is my first day…the main office sent me here to get registered for classes or something like that.”
“What grade are you in?”
“Ummm…should be in seventh grade.”
“Have a seat and I’ll get the seventh grade counselor to meet with you.”
Jack sat down on a chair that looked like it belonged in a doctor’s office.  The counseling office was painted with soft green and blue colors and had inspirational message posters hanging on the wall.  Jack tried to read the posters, but felt like they all said the same thing, “Reach High”, “Go Beyond”, or some other stupid phrase that was already a cliché.  After a few minutes a tall woman with dark black hair, brown eyes, and chiseled facial features came out and called for Jack.
“Are you Jack Hampton?”
“Yes I am.”
“My name is Mrs. Cordova…come back to my office with me and we’ll get you taken care of.” 
Jack followed Mrs. Cordova down a narrow well lit corridor to a spacious office.  The office was full of art that reminded Jack of the stuff the Indians from the reservation would bring to sell at swap meets during the summer.  He was mostly shocked by the tiny fountain that sat on Mrs. Cordova’s desk.  Water gently rippled down the smooth rounded stones over and over again.  
“So Jack?...your mom emailed the school a couple of weeks back with all of your information.  It looks like you just moved here from Kansas?”  
“Yes.  My mom got some job here so we moved into this crummy apartment down the street.”
“I take it you don’t like it here.”
“I like it fine…I just don’t like the apartment.  My mom thinks we’ll be ready to move into something nicer in a month or so.”
“That’s good…are you going to stay close to the school?”
“Not sure…I want to stay here to see if I can play basketball with this kid I played with the other day.”
“We have a competitive basketball team at the school…maybe you should try to make the team?  I think they are having tryouts next week.  Should we figure out your classes for this semester?”
“What’s a semester?”
“A semester is a certain amount of time you will be taking the same courses.  We have two semesters a year here at Davis.  Are you ready to find out what classes you’ll be in?”
“Shouldn’t my mom be here for that?”
“Sometimes parents come in, but your mom wrote in her email that she was okay with you picking your own classes with my help.”
“Why would she trust you to help me when you’ve never met her and this is the first time you met me?”
“You are full of questions Jack…I think we just better get you set up and get you off to class.”
“I guess so…so what are my choices?”
“Well…every student here at Davis must take English, Math, Science, and Social Studies.  According to your grades and test scores we will be putting you in the Orange Track.
“What’s that?”
“Each grade level here has three different tracks.  In each track there are four teachers that teach the four required classes.”
“So am I in the low track?”
“All of the tracks have students with different abilities.  Are you concerned that you don’t learn well?”
“I just don’t get good test scores, but my mom says I can usually do the work to get by in a class.”
“That’s good Jack.  Hopefully you’ll do well in the Orange Track…So what about your electives?”
“What do you mean?”
“Electives are the classes that you get to choose yourself.”
“You mean I get to pick the rest of my classes?”
“Yes you do…but you need my approval.”
“So what do I get to choose from?”
“We still have opening in gym classes, industrial arts, Spanish, French, and choir.  Which classes sound interesting?”
“I’m definitely taking gym.  I need to be active or I’ll go crazy…Can you tell me what industrial arts is?”
“Sure…you’ll learn about fixing things you might find around your house.  I think they are doing a unit on computers right now.  The teacher covers other things too.  He has had a class fix a lawnmower engine and one time the class re-wired the electricity in the basement of the school.  A lot of boys like his class quite a bit.”
“Well that sounds better than choir or learning some crazy language.  I’ll take industrial arts.”
“Perfect…let me put your schedule into the computer and then I’ll print you off a copy.”
“Do you know the class I’ll go to first?”
“I’m glad to see a boy so inquisitive as you Jack.  I think you’re going to like come to Davis…Your first class is math with Mr. Madison.  Here is a note to excuse for being late and if you ever need to talk about something that comes up feel free to come find me…It was very nice to meet you Jack and I’m glad you’re here.”
“It’s good to be here.  Thanks Mrs. Cordova.”
Jack took the excuse slip and schedule from Mrs. Cordova and walked out of the counseling office.  He saw that his class was on the second floor and he quickly went up the closest set of stairs to find where he needed to be.  He couldn’t believe he was in such a big school where he could choose some of his own classes. 

Chapter 6:    
Jack walked into the cafeteria and couldn’t believe what he was seeing.  Kids were throwing food, napkins, and spit wads at each other.  Jack had never seen a place in such commotion.  All of his morning classes were very structured and the students were incredibly compliant with the teachers.  This was a different story.  Jack stood at the entrance of the cafeteria until he felt the presence of a large man walking up behind him.  Jack turned around and was looking directly at the thigh of the biggest man he had ever seen.  The man was dressed in dark blue cargo pants, combat boots, a light blue button up collared shirt that had patches and a badge attached to it, and the man had a gun holstered around his waist.  When Jack finally caught the face of the man he was amazed by what he saw.  The man was the favorite Jayhawk basketball player of Jack’s dad.  His name was Manley Roderick and he looked and felt every bit as strong as his name.
“What you kids doing in here!  If it don’t quiet down someone’s gonna pay!”
Jack was shocked by the booming voice he just heard.  Maybe it was because Manley towered over Jack or maybe Jack just wasn’t used to hearing such a loud voice.  Whatever the reason, Jack just stared in amazement at his father’s hero.  The man finally looked down.
“Can I help you son?”
“Are you Manley Roderick?”
“My name is Mr. Roderick to you.”
“My name is Jack…my father thinks you’re the best player to ever wear a Jayhawk uniform.”
“Maybe I was maybe I’m not.  Are you gonna go eat your lunch or do you need me to take you to the detention office?”
“I’m sorry I’ll go eat…Nice to meet you Mr. Roderick.”
Jack walked away and kept glancing back at his father’s hero.  He found a seat at a fairly empty table.  Jack sat down and pulled out the lunch his mom made for him before she left for work.  The other two kids sitting at the table weren’t paying any attention to Jack, they were busy pushing their school burritos down their throats.  Jack was a little disgusted by the kids and found himself pausing to watch them devour everything on their trays.  When the kids finished with their trays they both pulled out a large lunch from their backpacks and started eating it with just as much ferocity.  
“Are you guys gonna slow down to breathe?”
“Hmmm…wha you doing here?!”
“I’m sitting down to eat.”
The two kids finished chewing what was in their mouth and then looked at Jack with anger in their faces.  The bigger of the two spoke up.
“This table is reserved for football players…boy!”
“The seats looked open to me.”
Jack took out his lunch and placed it on the table.  Both of the boys at the table started scowling at Jack.  One of them was about to stand up, but the larger boy put his hand on his shoulder to sit him back down.
“If Mr. Roderick weren’t here we’d teach ya a proper lesson in respect…boy!”
“I’m not your boy and Mr. Roderick is an old friend of mine.”
“Somehow I doubt that!” 
“Go and ask him.”
“This table is still reserved for football players and athletes!”
“I’m an athlete.  I shoot hoops.”
“You ain’t no athelete in this school…boy!”
“I scored a basket on Ox.”
“How you know about Ox?  What you playing at boy?”
“I’m just saying that I’m an athlete, I’ll be trying out for the basketball team in a couple months.”
“Basketball season don’t start til November.  Athletes have to be in all the sports and right now it’s football season.   Now get up and leave our table!”
Jack looked around and could see that Mr. Roderick was thinking about leaving the cafeteria.  He thought about how big the two boys across from him were and decided to stand up with his lunch in hand.
“That’s right boy…walk away and we’ll act like this never happened.”
“I’ll see you both on the court.”
Jack smiled at both boys who returned his smile with a glaring sneer.  He didn’t care that he had possibly just made enemies with two of the larger boys in seventh grade.  He knew he wouldn’t be given any shortcuts in a new school and in a school where he was one of the few white kids.  Jack finally found an empty table and sat down and ate his lunch.  After he ate half of his sandwich and all the chips and fruit his mom packed he was just about ready to get up and walk to his next class.   Instead he felt a sting pass across both of his ears.  
“Stay at your table boy if you know what’s good for you…your friend be gone!”
Jack did everything he could to keep himself sitting down.  He gritted his teeth and somehow turned it into a smile.
“Thanks guys.  I appreciate that.”
“Don’t you get up til yo babysitter come and get ya boy…got dat?!”
The boys tone and language was becoming more and more like it belonged on the streets or in some street gang movie.  Jack just smiled and nodded his head.  He knew he had just picked a fight that wouldn’t go away.  This was not how he envisioned his first day.
*  *  *  
Jack was lucky he did not run into the two football players the rest of the day.  He could tell thought that the boys had probably talked about him because when he walked down the halls people would look at him and whisper in the ear of their friend.  Jack officially felt just as isolated in his new school as he did at his old school.  The only highlight came in industrial arts at the end of the day where all the students were so interested in repairing an old computer that they had no time to pay attention to Jack.  Jack was assigned to work with a group of kids who were chubby and nerdy, but they embraced Jack into their group without a problem.  They taught Jack about what they had learned so far about computers and Jack caught on pretty quickly to the concepts of what was going on.  
After school Jack stopped by the office to see if he could get assigned a locker.  One of the secretaries told him he would have to see Mr. Roderick in the security office.  Jack got pretty excited by the prospect of meeting his dad’s hero again.  When he arrived at the security office Mr. Roderick was yelling at a boy and a girl for making out in the hallway.  Jack could tell that both kids were pretty upset and Mr. Roderick was not letting anything slide.  After he dismissed them Jack went into his office.
“I was told I could get a locker here?”
“Nobody walks into my office without my permission!...Now try that again!”
Jack walked out of the office and collected his thoughts.  He questioned if this could really be the same Manley Roderick that played Jayhawk basketball.  Finally he mustered up enough courage to knock on the opened door.
“May I help you?”
“Can I have permission to come in Mr. Roderick; I was told I could get a locker here?”
“Nobody CAN have permission, but they MAY have permission.”
Jack immediately rolled his eyes and was glad that Mr. Roderick couldn’t see him.
“May I have permission to come in Mr. Roderick?”
“Yes…you MAY come in.”
“I was told that I could get a locker from you.”
“You were informed correctly.”
“Name?”
“Jack Hampton”
“Student ID number?”
Jack didn’t know he was supposed to have an ID number.  He quickly thought of his schedule and pulled it out of his back jean pocket.  He was in luck, his student ID number was printed on the top of the page.
“Five, six, eight, one, nine, nine.”
“Computer checks you out.  Looks like you need an ID card too.”
“I guess so, it’s my first day Mr. Roderick.”
“And how is it that on your first day you made the two toughest kids in seventh grade mad at you?”
Jack watched as Mr. Roderick printed off his locker assignment and situated the digital camera to take a picture for Jack’s ID card.  Jack wasn’t sure if he should respond to the question.
“I asked you a question Jack…are you going to answer?”
“I’m sorry Mr. Roderick…I didn’t expect you to know what happened today.”
“I know everything that goes on in this school.  It’s why I’m the only security guard.  This school would not be safe if I didn’t know everything and I assure you Jack that I know everything that goes on here.”
“So how did you get them mad at you?”
“I thought you knew everything?”
“How do you think I know everything?...Do you think I have some magical ability or some secret video camera roaming the halls.  I watch and I listen to as much as I can.  So are you gonna tell me or do I have to find out another way?”
“Well I sat down at their table and questioned them about me being an athlete.”
“Are you an athlete Jack?”
“I shoot hoops.”
“That doesn’t make you an athlete Jack and you shouldn’t confront kids that are bigger than you.”
“I don’t back down from anybody Mr. Roderick.  My dad told me I should always stand up for myself…he said he learned that from watching you play basketball.”
“So you must be from Kansas…am I right?”
“Yes…I’m from Parsons…my mom and I just moved here.”
“No daddy to come along with you?”
“My dad left my mom and me…we don’t know where he is.”
“That’s the same story a lot of the kids in this school have, but they aren’t from Kansas.”
“Did you really play for the Jayhawks or am I getting that wrong?”
Mr. Roderick looked uncomfortable for the first time.  He went back to adjusting the camera and getting the computer ready for Jack’s picture.
“You better get ready for your picture…now smile.”
The camera flashed and Mr. Roderick started typing and clicking the mouse at his computer disengaging from Jack.  After a minute or so Jack’s ID card was being printed.
“Here you go Jack.  This is your ID card and your locker assignment.  Stay clear of those football players tomorrow and if they lay a hand on you come and find me.  I had a run in with them last year and I don’t think they want to tangle with me again…and if you really think you’re a ball player I expect to see you try out for the basketball team in two weeks.  We start practicing in October and this season we may need all the help we can get.”
“Are you the coach or something?”
“Or something.  Keep your head down and don’t get into any trouble…you hear me?”
“I hear you Mr. Roderick, but you didn’t answer my question about…”
“I don’t talk about my playing days Jack.  I’m a security guard first and a coach second…that’s all you need to know.  Are we clear?”
“Yes Mr. Roderick.”
“Good…now get out of here so I can do my job.”
Jack walked out of the office slowly as Mr. Roderick sat down at his computer.  He couldn’t believe he had just met his dad’s hero and that he had a chance to try out to be on his basketball team.  Jack couldn’t wait to go home and tell his mom.

Chapter 7:
Jack walked home from school ecstatic by whom he had just met.  He wasn’t thinking of the homework he was assigned or of the fact that he knew he needed to get in shape over the next two weeks.  For the first time in quite a while he had a genuine smile on his face.  He felt like running and it didn’t take long for him to start jogging and then lengthening his stride.  Pretty soon he could feel the air from his lungs start to disappear.  After quickly slowing his pace he rested his hands on his knees as his bent over.  In his mind he knew that he would need to start running if he was going to make the basketball team.  Jack closed his eyes for a few seconds and took in four deep breathes and then he heard what he had been dreading.
“Where you running off to boy?!”
Jack looked up and saw the two boys from the lunch room dressed in full football pads with four other boys looking on who were also dressed like they were ready to go to football practice.
“Just trying to get home…I’ll get going.”
“You ain’t going nowhere boy…you bout to learn respect for the football team.”
The smaller of the boys grabbed Jack by the shirt and threw him up against the chain link fence bordering the nearby house from the sidewalk.
“I’m not looking for trouble.”
“Well trouble is bout to find you boy!”
The boy looked more serious than anyone Jack had ever seen.  Instinctively, Jack knew he was about to get beat up by six football players wearing cleats and pads.  
“If you want to fight me why don’t you take off your pads so it’s a fair fight?”
“You funny boy!...Ain’t notin’ fair in the hood.”
The boy hit Jack in the stomach and let Jack drop to the sidewalk.  
“Now what boy?!...You gonna come to our table again?!”
Jack looked up and shook his head.  The boy took a step back and then kicked Jack in the side with his cleat.  Jack grimaced in pain while the other boys hollered something.  Jack retreated into the fetal position and then he heard a familiar voice.
“What you fools doin’ to da country boy?”
“You know this fool Ox?”
“He da one who score on me.”
“Ain’t no difference, he got lucky…when you gonna play ball wit us?”
“I’s got to make money fools…get to practice or yo coach be mad.”
“Aight Ox!  Be cool.”
Jack watched as the football players left and ran off to practice.  Pretty soon Ox bent down and looked at him square in the face.  Jack somehow felt comforted by the overgrown Ox being there.  He looked at Ox closely and noticed he was starting to grow some facial hair on his lower chin and down his side burns.  His eyes were soft, but his face looked like it had been battered by the sun, rain, snow, and wind.  Ox reached out his hand to Jack.  Jack took it and lifted himself up.
“Thanks Ox…I think you saved me?”
“Ain’t notin country boy…dem fools is always looking to jump kids who new to da hood.”
“What do you mean by hood?”
“Ya know…da hood?...you is a country boy!”
“How come they want you to play ball?”
“You is full of questions country boy…dem think I’s an athlete.”
“Well you are Ox…you’re the best basketball player I’ve ever seen.  Hoops is easy…dem want me to put on pads and play knucklehead football.”
“I don’t like football much either.”
“Dat’s why I’s like you country boy…you ain’t afraid of me…dem boys is afraid, but you speak yo mind.”
“Wanna go shoot around again?”
“You wanna get schooled?”
Jack and Ox went back to the same alley and hoop they played at the day before.  Ox proved his dominance once again, but Jack made several fantastic shots that left Ox scratching his head.  After they played for about an hour Ox invited Jack into the garage where the hoop hung from, for something to drink.  
Ox turned the old metal handle and lifted the garage door up.  The garage was full of old boxes and even older garden tools except for an old gold and olive green couch sitting next to a stack of sports drinks and sodas.  The garage looked dark and damp even though it was lit up from the afternoon soon it felt cool inside.  Ox plopped down on the couch and opened a sports drink and threw one to Jack.
“Is this your garage?”
“Naw…I do work for the grandma that live in da house…she pay good and let me sleep in da garage when I want.”
Jack scanned the garage again and noticed that one of the boxes had a blanket and pillow sticking out of it and then noticed a pair of tennis shoes and a pair of work boots lined up right next to one another under some hanging garden tools.  
“It’s nice in here Ox…thanks for the drink.”
“Ain’t no problem…dem fools at the grocery store give me all the expired soda’s and drinks I’s want and pay me to clean out da meat shop…is cool.”
“So you really do work for a living…what all do you do?”
“I’s do yard work…cleaning…anything fools don’t wanna do.”
Jack became very aware that Ox was probably living out of the garage and that he did what he could to get by from day to day.  Before Jack could think of it any longer his thoughts came out in words.
“Do you like sleeping here?”
“Is cool country boy…dem boys playin football think I still live with my ma…dis be my own place and I do what I wants.”
“I think I’m gonna try out for the basketball team…do you think I’ll make the team?”
“You gonna play for that crazy coach? Ha!”
“Mr. Roderick used to play ball for the Jayhawks.”
“I’s don’t care where dat fool play ball…he crazy!”
“Why do you think he’s crazy?”
“Last year when I’s living with my ma and playing ball for Mr. Crazy…I goes to school and dem football fools put a shank in my bag without me knowing it…Mr. Crazy be watching me anyway so I’s drop my bag on accident and da shank fall out.  He think I’s gonna shank some fool at school and treat me like some psycho killa…He go Mr. Crazy and kick me outta school.”
“Why didn’t you tell him the other boys put the knife in your bag?”
“Dat fool never believe me anyway…he Mr. Crazy!”
“Well I believe you…I guess that’s a pretty good reason not to go back to school, but how come you live here now?”
“You like to ask questions country boy…My ma’s is living off dat crack and I’s not letting that get close to me…sides, old grandma here is good to Ox.”
“Do you ever get lonely?”
“I’s workin lots and play hoops when I’s got energy…it’s a good life country boy.”
“Well if you want a good meal sometime…let me know and I’ll take you to my apartment…my mom is a pretty good cook.”
“Course she good cook…she country girl like you country boy…Ha!”
Jack looked at Ox who had a huge smile on his face.  Ox’s black gums and white teeth were lighting up the garage and Jack broke into a laugh too.  The two of them kept chatting about basketball and how Ox’s dream was to go to a Denver Dynamite pro basketball game.  His favorite player was some guy named Tony Riley who was supposed to be the best player for Denver.  Jack had never heard of him, but admitted to only watching college basketball.  After chugging three sports drink and a soda Jack finally decided he better head home.  Ox didn’t have any work to do that night, but the two agreed to meet again on Thursday for some more hoops.  In the meantime Ox told Jack that Mr. Crazy liked to run his basketball players so he better start running.  With a great start to his night Jack headed home in a rhythmic run.

Chapter 8:
Jack circled the track for the third time and felt like he was about to collapse.  He did not expect that running would ever be so difficult, but for the past two days he found himself rehearsing in his mind what Ox had told him about Mr. Roderick.  The nice thing about running on the track behind the school was that Jack seemed to be by himself.  There were hardly any other students who came out back after school and the football players practiced at a park in the opposite direction of where the track was.  Other than running out of air and energy, feeling the muscles in his legs tighten, and being sore the next morning Jack enjoyed his time alone.  
Instead of stopping, Jack slowed down his pace and promised himself a hot shower if he could get around the track two more times.  As Jack was circling the track the first time he was surprised to suddenly see Mr. Roderick standing by the track.  Jack eyed him, but decided that he better keep running.  After he passed Mr. Roderick the first time he found some extra energy and upped his pace in the final lap.  By this time his lungs were burning and his legs didn’t feel like they were attached to the rest of his body, but he kept going until he got back to Mr. Roderick where he stopped and started breathing heavily.  
“Congratulations son you just completed the first half of a basketball game…are you ready for the second half?”
Jack could not catch his breath and he looked perplexed at Mr. Roderick’s comments.
“That’s right son…I heard you wanted to try out for my basketball team…well if you want to play you need to be able to run through the whole game.  The five laps you just ran is what my players usually run in the first half of the game.  Are you ready for the second half?”
“I…uh…just…went farther today…then yesterday.”
“Great…time for the second half…let’s see if you got the legs for it?”
Jack did not feel like he could quit.  He started running again, but this time is more like a slow jog.  Mr. Roderick stayed where he was until Jack was on the other side of the track and then started walking back towards the school.  Wondering what just happened; Jack rehearsed in his mind what Mr. Roderick had just told him.   He couldn’t believe that basketball players ran so much.  Jack was unsure if this was what he really wanted to do. He knew Mr. Roderick had watched him because he knew how many laps he already ran, would he watch him run another five laps?  Uncertainty swirled in Jack’s mind.  Finally he thought about what his dad would think about his son playing for Manley Roderick and he resolved to finish another five laps. 
*  *  *  *
“Where have you been Jack?”
“I was out running behind the school.”
“I was asked to work the swing shift tonight so I came home so I could make you some dinner before I had to go back.”
“What’d you make?  It smells great.”
“Is that a compliment I hear coming out of you?”
“Yes Mom…I’m starved…I ran ten laps today.”
“That’s great honey…why exactly are you running?”
“There’s a basketball team at the school and I think I might try out for it.”
“Funny you should mention that…Greg…you remember Greg from Labor day?”
“You mean the guy whose house we went to?”
“Yeah…well he’s one of the big bosses at work…he asked if you might be interested in playing on his son’s team.”
“You mean his son Alan?”
“Yeah I think that’s his name.”
Jack suddenly had a fire hit his stomach and his mind didn’t have time to catch up.
“There is no way I’m playing with that jerk!”
“Wo wo wo Jack…that’s not how we talk about people who have been nice to us.”
“That kid is the biggest jerk I’ve ever met…I’m not playing with him mom!”
“Well Greg seemed to think that he could get you a scholarship to be on their team.”
“I don’t want a scholarship to play with him!”
“Well I don’t have the money to pay for you to play on another team…so if you want to play somewhere else I won’t be able to afford it!”
“Fine mom…I’ll try out for the school team.”
“What if it cost money to play?”
“I’ll help my friend Ox with some jobs and make some extra money to pay for it.”
“What kind of jobs does Ox do?”
“He takes care of lawns and cleans at the grocery store.”
“Are you sure that’s all he does?”
“I’m pretty sure mom…I’ll ask him again tomorrow when we meet up.”
“Where are you meeting up?”
“What is this?  Twenty questions or something!”
“This is what you do to me all the time…I have a right to know what your up to…I’m your mother!”
“Fine mom…we shoot hoops in the alley by the school…it’s his grandma’s house or something.”
Jack suddenly felt extremely guilty for lying to his mom.  He knew that the house was not Ox’s grandma’s house.
“You had better be telling me the truth Jack or I won’t let you do anything after school…by the way…how’s your homework going?”
“It’s fine…I’ve only been at school for three days…what’s with the third degree investigation?!”
“I’m worried about leaving you alone in this part of town and I want you to take school seriously…Greg thinks if you can get on his basketball team that he might be able to get you enrolled at a better school.”
“Why do you keep talking about this Greg guy?”
“He’s one of the bosses at work Jack…I think we might have made a mistake by moving to this side of town.”
“I don’t think you did…this is what we can afford mom…you said it yourself…and don’t let this Greg guy talk you into living someplace better because I’m fine here.  I have a friend and I’m going to try to make the basketball team here, this is what I want.”
“It shouldn’t matter where you play Jack…the coaches in Parsons wouldn’t even let you try out.”
“That’s because I wasn’t in the seventh grade yet…you had to be a seventh grader to try out for the team.  I want to try out at my school.”
“I don’t know Jack…to me it seems that it would be better if you tried out for Greg’s team.”
Jack knew his mom wouldn’t let it go.  He could dig his heels in all he wanted, but he would end up in a position where he would have to try out for Greg’s team.  Somehow his mom had a way of doing that to him that no one else did.  
“Fine mom…tell Greg I’ll come to his tryout as long as I get to try out for the team at my school too.”
“Great Jack…thank you for understanding…I’ll let Greg know tonight.  Will you be okay with the dinner I made?”
“I’ll be fine…you better get to work.”
“I’ll see you in the morning.  Do your homework before you turn the TV on…okay?”
“You got it mom.”
The apartment fell silent as Jack’s mom left.  Jack couldn’t believe what just happened.  He desperately wanted to play for Manley Roderick, but knew if his mom found out his real reason for wanting to play at Davis she would have more incentive for him to try out with Greg’s team.  At least she had agreed to let him go out for both teams.  All Jack needed to do was keep running so he had a shot at making Mr. Roderick’s team and flop at Greg’s tryout.  It was actually a fairly simple solution and his mom would never know the difference.  
After processing what just happened Jack was ready for a hot shower, food, and mindless TV.  He thought about whether he had any homework and he couldn’t recall anything his teachers assigned.  He thought it was kind of odd that most of the work done at school was in the classroom and then he remembered his math teacher wanted the class to work on some problems at home.  Jack hated math, but knew he better give it a shot before he turned on the TV.  

Chapter 9:
The math problems on the board were a blur to Jack.  Even though he worked through ten problems the night before he couldn’t figure out what his teacher Mr. Yokosuka was teaching in class.  Jack started to feel like giving up.  He wanted to put his head down and disappear.  He made several long blinks with his eyes and then saw Mr. Yokosuka looking directly at him.
“Mr. Hampton, are you okay?”
“I’m fine sir.  Just a little tired.”
“Are you tired of my teaching?”
“No sir…I just didn’t sleep well last night.”
“Well let’s get you out of your sit…why don’t you show us how to solve this problem on the board.”
Mr. Yokosuka wrote a problem that looked like something out of Albert Einstein’s notebook.  Jack could not make heads or tails of it.  He continued to stare at it from his seat.
“Are you going to come up and solve the problem for the class Jack?”
“Yes sir.”
Jack got up out of his chair.  All of the other kids in class looked at him with blank stares. He cautiously walked to the board trying to think about the problems he had worked on the night before.  Numbers just never made sense to Jack and now Mr. Yokosuka had mixed in letters with the numbers.  Jack picked up the chalk and thought about trying to solve the problem.  Instead he just wrote a big question mark on the board.  When the rest of the class saw it they all laughed.
“You have just earned yourself a trip to Mr. Roderick’s office Mr. Hampton.  I will see you after school to see if you belong in this class.”
Mr. Yokosuka handed Jack a slip to be given to Mr. Roderick.  Jack picked up his backpack and headed out of Mr. Yokosuka’s room.  He didn’t know what would happen now, but knew he needed to take the slip to Mr. Roderick.  
The hallway was empty and quiet.  Jack drug his feet that felt heavy from running.  He couldn’t believe that despite wanting to play for Mr. Roderick that everything was going incredibly wrong.  When he got to Mr. Roderick’s office the door was locked, so Jack had a seat on one of the empty chairs sitting outside his office.  After Jack sat for a few minutes one of the secretaries from the main office walked by.
“Are you waiting for Mr. Roderick?”
“Yes…Mr. Yokosuka sent me down with this slip.”
The secretary examined the slip and started shaking her head.
“That man is always trying to pull this.”
“Pull what?”
“I’m sorry I shouldn’t have said that out loud.  Why don’t you come with me to Mrs. Cordova’s office?  She’ll get this straightened out.”
“You mean my counselor?’
“Yes…let’ see if she’s busy?”
The secretary led Jack around the corner and down the hall to Mrs. Cordova’s office.  The secretary marched right past the lady sitting at the front desk in the counseling office and into Mrs. Cordova’s office.  
“Mrs. Cordova…we have another casualty from Mr. Yokosuka’s class”
“Who is it this time?”
“I don’t know his name…he must be new.”
Jack came into Mrs. Cordova’s office and grinned.
“Oh hi Jack…come in and sit down…thank you Mary…I’ll take it from here…so what’s going on Jack?”
“I couldn’t solve the problem on the board so I wrote a question mark and got sent to Mr. Roderick’s office.”
“Mr. Yokosuka does not like even the slightest signs of disrespect…Did he tell you that you needed to be tested?”
“He told me to come back to his class after school to see if I really belonged in his class.”
“That means he wants to test you.  Your test scores from your previous school were high enough to get you in Mr. Yokosuka’s class.”
“But I was pretty dumb at my old school.”
“You’re actually very smart Jack.  Most of your test scores show that you very high intelligence, but that your work ethic is pretty low.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means you don’t show signs that you’re willing to work hard.”
“I like to stay busy though.”
“Working and being busy are two different things…do you want me to give you an example?”
“Sure.”
“What do you know about Lions?”
“Well I know that they live in Africa and that they’re pretty dangerous.”
“Good…Do you know how they hunt?”
“Nope…I have no idea.”
“Lions are organized into family groups called prides.”
“That’s a funny name.”
“It can be…in a pride there is one dominant male lion and several female lions.  The male lion stays busy by protecting the pride from other males.  Sometimes he is so busy doing this that he just sits around in the shade watching for any signs of predators.  The female lion’s job is to hunt for the pride.  They search for zebras or other animals they can kill and bring back for the whole pride to eat.”
“So what’s the difference?”
“That’s up to you to decide.  Who do you think works harder?”
“It probably depends on the situation.  If the male lion is faced with a lot of predators then he is working harder.  If the pride is big and needs lots of food then the females are working harder.”
“Very good Jack…I have never thought of it that way…So which role would you like to play in a lion pride?”
“Probably no role…I would be the zebra the lions are hunting.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“Most people want me to do one thing or another and they’re always trying to tell me what to do…that’s probably more like being hunted.”
“What if the people trying to tell you what to do are actually trying to get you to hunt alongside them?”
“That’s a possibility…I didn’t think of it that way before.  It would be pretty cool to bring down a zebra with a bunch of other lions.”
“It takes work to hunt zebras.  Zebras are fast and the female lions need to work together, run hard, and be strategic.  They don’t just automatically overpower a zebra, it takes a lot of time and patience.”
“So are you saying the female lions work harder than the males?”
“Most people tend to see it that way, but I hadn’t thought about a pride coming under threat before which would give the male a very big job.”
“Well I see your point…do you want me to work harder in Mr. Yokosuka’s class?”
“I want you to work hard in all of your classes Jack.  I want you to think if you’re working hard or if you’re just being busy.”
“I can work hard in other areas of my life too…right?”
“What do you mean Jack?”
“Well…like I can work hard getting ready to try out for the basketball team and I can work hard at trying to earn some extra money…right?”
“Yes Jack you can.  Oh…there’s the bell…you better hurry off to your next class.”
“What should I do about Mr. Yokosuka’s class?”
“Don’t worry about it…show up to class like normal tomorrow.  I’ll have a talk with him, he wants to be sure you work hard too.  Thanks for talking Jack.”
“Thank you.  See you around.”
Jack ran off to his next class feeling better than he had in a while.  He thought about the lions and bringing down a zebra.  He knew he didn’t want to be a lazy lion that waited for others to bring him his dinner.  He wanted to go out and get it himself.
         
Chapter 10:  
 Jack couldn’t wait to tell Ox his idea.  He ran out of school all the way to Ox’s garage.  He had stewed about this all afternoon and it wasn’t until he was in industrial arts that the idea hit him.  He knew it would be risky, but he thought it was worth a try.  By the time he got to Ox’s garage Jack was breathing hard.  Ox was sitting on his couch with the door open flipping his basketball in the air and catching it on the back of his hand.
“Hey Ox!”
“What’s new country boy?”
Ox let out a big smile and passed the basketball to Jack.  Jack dropped his backpack where he stood and drained a shot through the hoop.
“I got an idea about getting you to play hoops with me on the school team.”
“What you talkin’ bout?  Ain’t no teacher putting ideas to your head is they?”
“Come on Ox…your my hoops pal.  I just wanna play on the same team…I thought if I could help you with some of your jobs that you’d have more time for school…that’s all.”
Ox’s smile faded quickly.  He stopped dribbling the ball and looked like he was thinking pretty hard.
“You still gonna try to make Mr. Crazy’s team?”
“Well yeah…that’s why I want you to play and go back to school.”
“Okay country boy…all’s you need to know is Ox don’t play for Mr. Crazy.”
“Well what if we made a deal?”
“I only make deals where I get me some money.”
“But I’d be taking on some of your jobs so you could still make money and go to school…it’s better if you play…you could go on to college or something…you’re really good Ox.”
“Dat what Mr. Crazy say til I miss a shot to lose the championship…he go crazy on me like it be my fault we lose…dem boys from dat other school is coached good…Mr. Crazy just want his players to run and play defense…I ain’t playing for him no mo’!”
“If I try out for the team by myself the other kids are gonna clobber me no matter how hard I run or how good I shoot…then my mom will want me to try out for her boss’s team.”
“Who your momma’s boss?”
“Some guy named Greg…I forgot his last name…he said he played at Wichita State.”
“Dat be the coach of dem white boys who beat Davis in the championship last year…he don’t like dat Davis is allowed in dat hoity toity white boy league…so country boy might be playin’ for da champs?”
“I ain’t playing for that fool.  His son is crazy and I want to play for Mr. Roderick.”
“I’s telling you dat all coaches is da same…don’t trust no coaches country boy…not even Mr. Crazy…he think he be cool, but he crazy.”
“Fine Ox.  Do you wanna shoot?”
“Is cool.”
Ox shot the ball at the hoop and missed.  Jack ran up and grabbed the ball.  He tried a layup shot, but hit the rim.  Ox laughed.
“You can shoot from behind da arc, but can’t lay it in?”
“You can’t shoot a three pointer…why don’t you teach me how to do a layup and I’ll show you how to shoot three’s.”
Ox started showing Jack all the different ways to shoot a layup.  He showed him a standard layup, a finger roll layup, a reverse layup, and how to change hands during a layup.  Jack had never been taught how to make shots in close proximity to the hoop.  After several tries Jack finally made his first layup.  It wasn’t pretty, but he made it and Ox made him keep practicing.  He started showing him some of the drills that Mr. Roderick liked to run in practices and would surely be part of the tryout process.  By the time Ox had run through all the different layup drills and Jack practiced each of them over and over again it was time for Jack to leave.
“Thanks for helping me out Ox…this is going to really help me in a couple weeks.”
“You still sure you want to play for Mr. Crazy?”
“I’m sure Ox.  I don’t know what he told you, but I bet it was to help you become a better ball player.”
“You come back on Saturday and we run some more drills.”
“Sounds good Ox.”
*  *  *  *

Jack continued to supplement his after school runs with basketball drills at Ox’s garage.  He was able to work up to 15 laps around the track and was steadily getting faster.  Ox taught him how to shoot layups and Jack showed Ox how to square up for a three pointer.  The arrangement worked well and Jack stopped pushing Ox to tryout with him.  
Jack'’ mom on the other hand had not stopped hounding Jack about trying out for Greg’s team.  Every night she asked Jack which date he wanted to tryout.  Jack could never give her an answer because the tryout at Davis still had not been announced.  A week before Greg was holding tryouts Jack’s mom made him commit to one of the three tryouts.  She also told Jack that Greg had invited them over for dinner on Sunday night.  At first Jack was resistant to the idea, but then he thought of Alan’s sister Amanda and decided it might be nice to see her again.
On Sunday night Greg arrived in another luxury car.  He was dressed in nicer clothes and looked a little nervous, particularly when he helped Jack’s mom into the car.  Once they were in the car Greg shifted his attention to Jack. 
“Your mom tells me that you’re going to come to my teams tryout.”
“She’s kinda making me go.”
“Oh stop it Jack…you agreed to go didn’t you?”
“Yeah I did…so your team isn’t part of a school?
“No Jack…we’re part of the 5280 league…it’s the best club league in the state.  I coach the under 15 competitive team.  Why do you ask?”
“I think my school’s team is in your league.”
“What school do you go to again?”
“I go to Davis Middle School.”
Greg paused for a minute and took in a silent deep breath.
“Your right Jack.  They are the only school sponsored team in our league.  I didn’t realize you went to school there.”
“Didn’t you tell him where I go to school mom?”
“I’m sure I did Jack, but I don’t that matters right now.”
“Greg…my mom probably didn’t tell you that I’m trying out for your team and for Davis’s team.”
“Jack…I told you we weren’t going to talk about that tonight.”
“It’s okay Gina…I didn’t realize he went to Davis.”
“I told Jack that if he didn’t get onto your team he could try out for the Davis team.”
“What if you made both teams Jack?  What would you choose?”
“I honestly don’t know Greg.  My mom really wants me to play for your team…she says I might be able to get a scholarship to play on it or something…I really like the coach at Davis though.”
“So you’ve met Coach Roderick?”
“Several times.”
“Good Jack…I’m sure he’s excited that you’re going to try out for Davis.”
“He actually just cares about me running and getting in shape.”
“I was going to tell you that I thought you looked more in shape.”
“It’s only been two weeks since I saw you, can I really change that quick?”
“Sometimes younger bodies can get in shape faster than those of us who are older.”
“Are we gonna shoot hoops again at your place Greg?”
“Probably not…it’s just me and Amanda at the house tonight.  Eileen took the boys with her downtown for the night.”
“So why are we coming over?...Mom?...what’s up?”
“Greg and Eileen separated last week…I thought it’d be nice if I came and gave Greg a home cooked meal.”
“Okay…I don’t mind hanging out.”
“Amanda decided to stay when she found out you guys were coming over.  She’s been working on a school project, but should be done by the time we get back.”
The rest of the ride was pretty quiet.  Jack felt awkward about his mom leaving out the detail about Greg and Eileen being separated.  As he thought about it, he remembered that he really didn’t know his dad really left for good until he caught his mom crying by herself one night.  He knew his mom would understand what Greg was going through.  When they finally arrived at Greg’s house, Amanda was waiting at the front door for them.  She looked incredibly happy and desperately sad all at the same time.  
“Hi Jack…I’m glad you came…do you wanna check out my project I’m working on for school?”
Jack looked at his mom who smiled and nodded.  Jack went upstairs with Amanda as he watched his mom and Greg walk towards the kitchen.  
“So what kind of project are you working on?”
“Just some computer science thing.”
“Cool…I’m taking a computer class at school…we’re building a computer from scratch.”
“My class is trying to develop a video game…it’s pretty complicated.”
“It sounds complicated.”
Jack followed Amanda into her room.  She had lots of pictures, figurines, and posters of unicorns, fairy’s, wizards, elves, and other mythical figures in her room.  Amanda sat down at a desk that had laptop on it.  She opened a file that showed a bunch of computer code.  Jack looked at it blankly.
“Do you know what this is Jack?”
“It looks like some sort of html code?”
“That’s pretty good Jack…I didn’t think you’d come up with a decent answer…it’s actually java, but pretty good.”
Amanda smiled and looked back down at her laptop.
“You seem different Amanda.  Are you sad about what happened between your mom and dad?”
“Where’d that come from?!”
“I just found out on the way over here…I didn’t know you’d be upset.”
Amanda covered her face and started to cry.  Jack looked at her in complete confusion.  He didn’t know if she should say something, do something, or just walk away.
“I never should have trusted her…I knew she was going to do something like this.”
“What did she do?”
“She left my dad for another man.  She’s been dating some guy for over a year and didn’t bother to tell any of us.  My stupid brothers think its fine because she going out with some football player…she cheated our family.”
“I didn’t know it was that bad Amanda…I’m sorry…if it’s any consolation my dad just up and left me and my mom and we haven’t heard from him in over two years.”
“It’s easier for you Jack…I know what choice my mom made…for all you know your dad was abducted by aliens or something.”
“He lives in Texas…at least I think he does…to be honest I really don’t know what he’s doing or where he is…and I don’t care.”
“Well I have to care.  My brothers jumped at the chance to spend the weekend with her.  My dad already filed for divorce.  He says he’s not messing around and that he’s going to fight for full parental rights.”
“Do you think he’ll get what he wants?”
“I don’t know Jack…I just can’t believe that my brothers don’t see her for who she is.  She’s always been about money and popularity.” 
“How’s your dad handling it?”
“He’s doing better than I thought…he got really mad at first and kicked her out of the house, but after he filed for the divorce this week he’s been fine.  Much better than me.”
“Sometimes adults don’t stop to think about how their kids are handling these kinds of things…my mom has just expected me to be the man of the house and wants me to take over certain things my dad used to do.”
“They’re probably just trying to fill a void.  I’m sorry Jack…you probably want to talk about something else like basketball.”
“Actually this has been pretty nice…I’m tired of talking basketball…especially with my mom.”
Amanda smiled at Jack and grabbed his hand.
“Thanks for hearing me out Jack…should we go check on our parents?”
“Definitely…we wouldn’t want them to think we have disappeared.”

Chapter 11:
Jack stepped out of the shower and took a deep breath of steam.  His senses heightened as his bare feet hit the cold floor.  He couldn’t believe how quickly two weeks flew by.  He was now only a day away from his tryout with Mr. Roderick’s team and two days away from the tryout with Greg’s team.  Jack wiped the small mirror in the bathroom with a hand towel and looked at himself.  He was still chubby, but he could tell he was putting on muscles in his legs.  
Jack and his mom had been visiting Greg and Amanda every weekend since Greg’s wife moved out and Amanda and Greg talked about all kinds of things on their visits.  Amanda usually sorted out her feelings about her mom and brothers.  Jack resented Amanda’s brothers for not being more loyal to their dad and talked about his friend Ox.  Jack thought about what Amanda had told him over the weekend about his legs.  But, Amanda had complimented Jack on his muscular legs over the weekend.  Jack was unsure if she was flirting with him or if she was truly paying him a compliment.  He tried to stop thinking about the incident and focus on his upcoming tryouts.  
Jack remembered how Greg had been really positive about Jack trying out for his team and promised him if he made the team that he would find a way to get the league to scholarship his fees, but Jack still desperately wanted to play for his dad’s hero at Davis.  He was able to find out that all Davis basketball players were exempt from paying fees because the school paid to be part of the league through some grant the school received.  This would be the week that Jack would find out where he would play ball.  
After getting dressed and eating breakfast Jack walked to school.  The weather was finally starting to cool down and Jack had finally started to wear a jacket for the cooler early morning walks to school.  When Jack was two blocks away from school he turned around sensing that someone might be following him.  Jack was surprised to see the two football players standing with Ox.  
“What’s up Ox?”
“Don’t be talkin’ to our homey witout permission boy!”
Jack scowled at the same kid who had punched him in the gut a few weeks ago.  He only knew him in his mind as short football bully and the other kid as big football bully.  But for some reason they had shown up with Jack’s friend.
“Ox be tellin us you gonna tryout for our team…what’s up wit dat?”
“Yeah…I’m gonna make the team too.”
“No you ain’t boy!  Ox here to tell you you ain’t trying out…tell him Ox!”
Ox looked at Jack with puppy dog eyes and then lowered his head towards the ground.
“You can’t tryout for da team country boy.”
“Tell him why Ox!”
“Cause I lose my garage if you tryout…don’t tryout…please…for me?”
“What did they tell you Ox?...this isn’t right fellas…leave Ox out of it.”
“No white boy be tellin’ us what to do!  Now get outta here fore we hurt ya and don’t show up to tryouts tomorrow!”
Jack looked at Ox who was visibly uncomfortable until Ox gently nodded his head for Jack to leave.  After two careful stares into both bullies eyes, he turned around and walked to school.  
Whatever just happened caused Jack to fill like he was either going to cry or hit something, maybe we was going to do both.  He continued to walk to school and knew that he would go directly to Mr. Roderick.  If the coach of the team wouldn’t help him no one would.  
Jack walked into the school before the bell rang announcing that students could enter the building.  Usually the only kids allowed in were those who got breakfast in the cafeteria.  Jack walked right past the main office, two teachers talking in the hall, and another teacher who had just made a pile of copies.  He stopped at the open door of Mr. Roderick’s office and took a deep breath and then knocked.
“How can I help you?”
“Mr. Roderick.  It’s me Jack Hampton.  I need to talk to you about something important.”
“You’re not supposed to be in the building yet Jack.  Are you sure this is the right time to talk?”
“I just got threatened by two kids on the way to school.”
“Okay Jack come on in.”
Jack walked into the office and caught the whiff of Mr. Roderick’s straight black coffee.  There was also a hint of fresh soap to the aroma of the office.  Jack didn’t know if it was the two smells combined or the incident that just happened, but he started to drop tears out of his eyes.
“Did those kids hurt you Jack?”
“No sir…they threatened my best friend if I try to make the basketball team.”
Jack felt a little better after he unloaded the burden he was just given, but his eyes were still misty.  Mr. Roderick remained perfectly calm.
“Who’s your best friend Jack?”
“His name is Ox.”
“I was beginning to wonder if Ox was still around…are you sure you want to be friends with someone as violent as Ox?”
“He’s not violent Mr. Roderick.”
“Jack.  Don’t tell me about Ox.  I know him very well and suppose that he will probably be on his way to juvy before the holidays.”
“Mr. Roderick…I know what happened with Ox and it’s not his fault…he was set up by the same two boys who just threatened me.”
“And who are the two boys Jack?”
“I don’t know their names…but they play football.”
“It’s probably Keevan and Josiah…they’ve been known to throw their weight around here and there…they also happen to be the best athletes at Davis.”
Jack’s heart sank as he watched Mr. Roderick reveal a slight grin.
“So they’re your favorites?”
“Don’t take that tone with me Mr. Hampton.”
“Those kids are threatening to kick my friend out of the place he lives in!”
“That’s enough Jack.  I will tell Keevan and Josiah that you have a choice to try out for the basketball team, but I can’t control what they do outside of this school…You’ll need to learn that there are only certain things we have control over…now go cool down and if you show up tomorrow I’ll give you a fair shot to make the team.”
Jack bit his tongue and nodded his head and left Mr. Roderick’s office.  As he left the office the first bell rang and Jack knew it was only a matter of time to decide what he would do.  Jack decided he better go to class even though he wanted to go find Ox.  He would have to figure things out after school got out.
*  *  *  *

After school let out, Jack went to Ox’s garage to see if he could find his friend.  The garage was closed up and there was no sign of Ox.  Jack thought about hanging out and waiting to see if Ox would show up, but he knew that Ox usually didn’t hang out at the garage if he hadn’t planned on shooting hoops or sleeping.  Jack knew Ox had not planned either and so he thought he’d ask around the neighborhood.
By the time Jack canvassed a dozen homes, the super market, a gas station, and cleaners he gave up hope of finding his friend.  He reluctantly went home in hopes that his mom might provide some answers.  Deep down though, he knew that she would only use this as more reason for Jack to join Greg’s team and to switch schools at the end of the month.  Jack quickly came to the realization that he would need to carry the weight of this decision on his own shoulders.  He suddenly had sympathy for the male lion Mrs. Cordova had told him about.  Jack did not want to protect Ox on his own.  He wanted to march out and meet his enemies with a pride of other lions, but this battle felt like it only belonged to Jack.
For the next hour Jack worked on listing the reasons why Ox should move out of his garage before he was kicked out.  He made another list for his mom describing why Ox should be allowed to move into the small apartment.  He knew it was a long shot, but it was the only thing Jack could think of to fix the pickle he was in.  Shortly after he finished both lists Jack’s mom came home.  She looked tired and word down, but Jack knew he had to take this on now.  
“Mom?...Can we talk?”
“Did you start dinner?”
“Nope…but this is kinda important.”
“Alright Jack…I’m listening.”
“I’ve got a friend at school who doesn’t really have a place to live…he pretty much lives in a garage right now…”
“Keep going Jack…I said I would listen.”
Jack smiled and suddenly perked up.
“Well my friend can’t live with his mom because she’s a drug addict, he’s a hard worker and isn’t afraid to do what he needs to survive.  He’s super nice and he’s also the best basketball player I’ve ever met…So I don’t know if this is possible…but can he move in with us before the weather gets cold?...He won’t be here except to sleep and get ready in the morning…he’ll take care of feeding himself and all the other things…”
Jack’s mom jaw dropped and her eyes quit blinking.
“How long have you had this friend Jack?”
“He’s the kid I shot hoops with the first day we were here.”
“I don’t know Jack…this is a pretty small apartment and we’ll be moving at the end of the month.”
“Where are we moving?”
“Greg has a rental house that he said would be ready for us to rent next month.  It’s in a good neighborhood and has three bedrooms.”
“So could Ox go with us if we moved?”
“That’s my point Jack…I don’t think he’d be comfortable in the neighborhood we’re moving too.”
“What do you mean mom?”
“Isn’t he black?”
“Yeah…but that has nothing to do with someone being comfortable or not.”
“Look Jack…I don’t think it would work that’s all.”
“But he’s my friend mom and he’s not gonna have a place to go if we don’t help out…didn’t you tell me we should help people in need?”
“Yes Jack I did…I’m just not sure we can help your friend.”
“He can sleep on my bed and I’ll sleep on the floor until we move.  I’ll help work so he can have a bed and stuff…come on mom…I’ll do whatever you want if he can live with us.”
“You’ll do whatever I want?”
“Yeah, whatever you want.”
“Why don’t you go invite him to dinner and we’ll see what happens.”
“Really?”
“Really…go find him…dinner will be ready in an hour…this is your only chance though.”
Jack let out a huge smile, grabbed his jacket, and ran out the door.  He didn’t know where he would look for Ox, but he knew he would have to find him.
      
Chapter 12:
Jack ran over to the grocery store and asked the manager if Ox was working there that night.  When the manager told him that Ox had been by a half hour ago to collect his wages, Jack knew that Ox was probably headed for the garage.  Jack raced off to Ox’s garage.  When he got there he was surprised to see Keevan and Josiah.  Keevan had Ox backed up against the closed up garage pointing his finger in Ox’s face.  Josiah had a wooden bat and was tapping it against his open hand like he was getting ready to hit somebody with it.  Without even thinking, Jack acted upon the situation.
“What are you doing to my friend!?”
Keevan and Josiah turned around startled and after they realized it was just Jack they slowly started walking towards Jack.  Jack looked at Ox who slumped up against the garage and knew he was on his own.
“Well, well, well…if we don’t got a wannabe hero comin’ to save his homey…what you say Josiah…shall we teach this cracker a lesson?”
“Sound good foo’!”
As the two boys got closer to Jack the reality of taking a serious pounding wrenched up Jack’s stomach.  It was time to run away like a zebra or fight like a lion.  Jack clenched his fist and waited for Keevan to get close.  When Keevan was about to bump his chest against Jack, Jack took a huge haymaker swing that hit Keevan square on the jaw.  Keevan feel to the asphalt in the alley squirming.  Josiah looked at Jack and took aim with his bat.  Before he could swing the bat, Ox had grabbed the bat and pulled it out of Josiah’s hands.  Ox yelled for the bullies to leave as he held the bat pointed at them.  Keevan and Josiah looked angrier than a swarm of hornets, but reluctantly retreated as they cursed out Ox and Jack until they had left the alley.  
“Thanks Ox…you save me.”
“You saved me country boy…dem two wuz bout to take my dough from workin’ at da market.”
“Are you gonna be okay?”
“Sure is…I just lock up da garage door tonight.”
“I was actually trying to find you to see if you’d come have dinner with my mom and me tonight.”
“What for?”
“I asked my mom if you could move in with us.  She said she wanted to meet you first.”
“I ain’t takin’ no charity country boy…I’s good here.”
“Come on Ox…it’s just dinner.  If my mom likes you she’ll invite you to move in with us…if not she’ll just say to have a good night…besides it’s starting to get cold outside and your garage can’t be that warm.”
“Is you tryin’ to get me out dis garage so you can play for Mr. Crazy?”
“I don’t know Ox…after what just happened I’m not sure I’d survive playing with those two idiots.”
“You’s right country boy…dem boys is Mr. Crazy’s favorites…I ain’t playin’ wit dem no more.”
“Is that why you really quit school Ox?  To get away from Keevan and Josiah?”
“You’s smart country boy…but dem boys jus’ jealous of da Ox man!”
“You got that right Ox.  Why don’t we go eat and see what happens?”
“Aight country boy…but I only come if you’s serious bout’ me living wit you.”
“I’m serious Ox…and so’s my mom…she wouldn’t have invited you over if she wasn’t.”
Ox nodded his head and agreed to go to dinner with Jack.  By the time they got back to Jack’s apartment dinner was almost ready.  Jack’s mom had made sloppy joe’s with creamed corn, potato chips, and freshly sliced peaches.  The aroma in the apartment was wonderful to the two boys and Jack’s mom smiled when she saw Ox.  She stopped stirring the sloppy joe meat and walked over to Ox to introduce herself.
“Hello…I’m Jack’s mom, Gina.”
“Hi Ma’am…I’m Ox.”
“Good to meet you Ox…are you hungry?”
“Sure is ma’am.”
“Good…let’s eat.”
Gina had the boys sit down at the little table and brought them each a plate of food.  Jack was about ready to dive in and start eating until he saw that Ox was waiting to eat.  Gina looked at Ox and smiled as she brought her plate over to the table.
“That was very polite of you Ox.”
“Thank you ma’am…my ma used to show me how’s to have manners.”
“She did a good job…what’s she doing now?...go ahead and eat Jack.”
Jack dove into his dinner while Ox just picked up a potato chip and thought about how to answer Gina’s question.
“She got into dat crack…I can’t stand it no longer so I’s moved into dat garage.”
“Well…why don’t you try to eat something Ox…hopefully Jack will save enough for us.”
Gina smiled and started eating.  Ox smiled back and then looked at Jack who had red sauce across his lips and chin.  Ox chuckled and then ate his dinner.  Everyone had two helpings and Ox finished off the peaches.  After dinner was over Ox offered to help with the dishes.  Jack sat at the table in amazement by what Ox was doing.  He didn’t know if this was the same kid he shot hoops with or if it was some choir boy from the local church.  
“So what do you think mom?  Is Ox invited to stay.”
“Jack!...you need to learn some manners from your friend here…I think we should find out what Ox wants.”
Ox and Gina continued to work on the dishes while Jack sat and watched.
“Would you like to stay with us Ox?...Jack has offered to give up his bed for you.”
“Dis apartment is small ma’am.”
“We’ll only be here a couple more weeks Ox…we’ll be moving to a house after that.”
“Where dis house gonna be?”
“I’m not entirely sure Ox…my boss at work is going to rent it to me…we’re supposed to look at it this weekend.  He tells me it’s in a good neighborhood.”
“I’s cool wit dat…you ok if I keep workin’ my jobs?”
“What kind of jobs do you have Ox?”
“I works at da market sometimes, sometimes do yard work, sometimes I do work for whoeva’ need it.”
“Do you go to school Ox?”
Jack cringed at the question.  He hadn’t thought his mom would ask, but knew instinctively that this could be the deal breaker.
“No ma’am…I got kicked out last year and my ma won’t take me to da other school where’s I can go.”
“I’ll tell you what Ox.  If you can get all the paperwork from your mom to get you enrolled in school you can come stay with us…would you like that?”
“Very much ma’am…but I’s need to close out my garage…maybe we’s can wait til y’all get you house.”
“That’s very thoughtful of you Ox…but I think you should stay here with us…a garage is no place for a young man to spend the night.  You can take Jack to school tomorrow and see about that paperwork.  When we get the house we can see about getting your things from the garage…okay?”
“Yes ma’am.”
Jack was amazed at how his mom could be so nice and be so authoritative at the same time.  Somehow she knew how to get exactly what she wanted and come off being nice about it.  The great thing about this situation was that Jack wanted exactly what his mom wanted. 
   
Chapter 13: 
The next morning Ox walked Jack to school and promised Jack that he would go by his mom's house to find the papers he needed to get enrolled back in school.  Ox and Jack decided on the walk to school that they would both stay away from basketball tryouts for Mr. Roderick's team and Greg's team.  They both were content to shoot hoops together and stay out of trouble.  Besides the fact that they didn't know where they'd be moving too, both boys figured they would be enrolled in a new school in a couple of weeks and they could get away from the Keevan and Josiah's of the world.  Luckily there had been no sign of Keevan or Josiah, but Jack knew he'd run into them at some point during the day.  Ox had promised to meet Jack after school to make sure Keevan and Josiah didn't try to hurt Jack.
By the time school was out Jack had not seen either Keevan or Josiah.  But when he walked by the gym and saw Mr. Roderick dressed in gym clothes and talking to someone who looked like his assistant coach, Jack became anxious about not going out for the team.  He felt a burning desire to prove to himself that he could make the team.  As he stood by the door and gazed in his mind drifted to the first day he arrived in Denver and how he and Ox had met up.  He almost let out a smile when someone shoved him in the back.
"You think you gonna show up to my team's try out after you jump me last night!?"
Jack turned to see Keevan and Josiah.  Keevan had a fat lip and looked a little intimidated while Josiah kept shifting back and forth and looking over his shoulder.
"I'll do what I want...but I wasn't planning on trying out for your sissy team."
"You comes in and see how sissy we play in da hood fool."
"So you wanna see me drop three's one you all afternoon?"
"Bring it boy!"
Jack glared hard into Keevan's eyes.  He sensed some apprehension or fear coming from him, but couldn't quite figure out if Keevan was going to take a swing at him or break out in tears.  Before Jack could say anything else the door to the gym opened.
"Keevan!...Josiah!...get in and start warming up...Are you going to try out Mr. Hampton or have you decided to spend more time with your criminal friend?"
"He's not a criminal Mr. Roderick and until this second I was convinced that I wouldn't try out for the team, but something inside me is telling me to get in the gym."
"That's good Jack...do you need to get dressed out?"
"Yes sir."
"Well you better hurry because we start warming up in two minutes."
Mr. Roderick went back into th gym behind a closing door.  Jack looked around for a second and then took off to the locker room to change into his gym clothes.  He didn't know what he'd tell Ox or his mom, but he knew he had to try out or he'd never forgive himself.  
By the time Jack got back to the gym there were about thirty boys stretching in the middle of the gym.  Keevan and Josiah were leading the warm up routine.  Jack took a position as far from the leaders as he could.  He did not want to focus on Keevan or Josiah, but focus on getting through the tryout.
After the boys warmed up, Keevan demonstrated an up down drill.  He ran from the baseline of the court to the nearest free throw line, and then he ran back.  After that he ran to the half court line and then ran back, after that he ran to the far free throw line and ran back.  Finally he ran to the other base line and ran back.
"You all will run twenty up down drills in the next thirty minutes if you want to move to the next phase of the tryouts!  Go!"
Mr. Roderick blew his whistle and most of the boys starting running as hard as they could.  Jack took his time and lagged behind the larger group of boys.  Keevan and Josiah were further ahead of the other boys.  Jack was grouped with a really short Latino kid and a really tall, but chubby black kid.  Jack could tell the tall kid was sucking air five minutes into the drill, but he and the other Latino kid were on a good pace and regulating their breathing.  
Ten minutes into the drill at least five boys had stopped running and started walking.  Fifteen minutes into the drill another ten boys had started walking.  The boys that were trying to keep pace with Keevan and Josiah were starting to gasp for air, but Jack could tell they wouldn't give in very easily.  Keevan and Josiah had finished the drill fourteen times at fifteen minutes in.  He knew they would be finished in the next ten minutes.  Jack and his running partner had run the drill eleven times at fifteen minutes in.
At twenty five minutes into the drill, Keevan and Josiah had finished the drill and the group that was behind them had faded to four boys.  All the other boys were walking with occasional sprints or bursts of running, but they were far behind Jack and the Latino kid who were two drills away from reaching twenty.  Jack could feel the burn in his lungs and the hot air of the gym weighing heavily on his shoulders.  Still, Jack knew that he could finish strong and that's exactly what he did.  On the last drill he sprinted and finished the drill with a minute to spare.  The Latino kid came in just behind him with about ten seconds to spare and was the last one to finish the drill.
Mr. Roderick dismissed the twenty two or so other students who didn't finish the drill and had the remaining boys get some water and take a two minute break.  As Jack was drinking from the water fountain in the gym he saw Ox in the hallway.  Jack looked up and walked toward the gym doors.  Ox shrugged his shoulders; Jack motioned for him to come in.  When Ox came into the gym Jack was surprised to see him dressed in shorts and a basketball practice jersey.  
"What are you doing Ox?"
"Why you not meet me after school?"
"Something told me I had to try out."
"Cool!...Somein' told me to register for school.  I's registered at Davis."
"Are you gonna try out?"
"If Mr. Crazy let me."
Jack let out a huge smile and almost went to hug Ox, but offer a hand slap instead.  Mr. Roderick approached the two boys.
"What's going on Ox?  You aren't supposed to be in school unless you're a student here."
"Tell him Ox."
Ox looked at Mr. Roderick and then lowered his head before he spoke.
"I jus enrolled today sir."
"I'll check with the office on that Ox...do you wanna try out for my team?"
"Yes sir."
"Then start running the up down drills.  You got to run twenty of them in the next twenty five minutes or you won't make my team."
"The rest of us had thirty minutes Mr. Roderick."
"The rest of you were here on time Mr. Hampton...you gonna run em?"
"Yes sir."
Ox jogged to the baseline and started running off to the side of the court.  Mr. Roderick pointed to his assistant to start timing Ox.  Jack let out a huge smile before Mr. Roderick blew his whistle and all the boys came to center court.
"Congratulations young men...I call you young men because boys cannot accomplish what you just accomplished...basketball is not a sport for boys who want to be selfish, violent, or lazy.  This is a sport only elite athlete's play.  You may think you're tired after running that first drill, but wait til you see what I have planned for the next hour...we're gonna start with passing drills and we're gonna run those drills until we get them right...even if it takes us until the next practice.  Keevan...Josiah!...show these young men how we run passing drills."
Keevan retrieved a ball from a ball rack and stood on one side of the key.  Josiah stood on the other side of the key.  Keevan passed the ball directly into Josiah's chest and Josiah caught it while the boys faced each other and moved their feet in a side step motion up the court.  When they reached the other side of the court they passed the ball on the ground with one bounce before the other boy caught it.  After they got back to the other end Mr. Roderick blew his whistle.
"That was one passing drill executed perfectly...I expect thirty perfect drills from each of you before we move on to the next drill.  Everybody partner up!"
Jack immediately looked at Ox who was still running his up down drill and doing it rather easily.  Before he knew it the Latino kid had tapped him on the shoulder.
"Hey bro...you's wanna play wit me man?"
"Sure...my name's Jack."
"I'm Cisco...les go."
Jack and Cisco lined up along the gym and at Mr. Roderick's whistle started passing the ball to one another and side stepping up the court.  The first drill was clean, but the second was not.  Cisco missed one of Jack's pass and Jack accidently bounced the ball twice before Cisco caught the ball.  Another pair of boys also ran into problems.  Mr. Roderick made the boys start over.  The group couldn't seem to get past six or seven drills without running into a problem somewhere.  One of the boys would drop a pass or another boy would trip.  One time Jack accidently ran into the wall on the other end of the court.  The good news was that Ox had finished running his drill in just over twenty minutes and was catching his breath.  The bad news was that Mr. Roderick was getting frustrated by the lack of concentration of the other boys.
"We are gonna run this until we get it right!  You got it!?"
All the boys shouted "Yes Coach!"
"Ox!  Did you make the time?"
"Yes sir."
"Good!...You get to bounce your passes off the wall since we have an odd number of survivors...You good with that?"
"Yes sir."
"Let's run it again!"
Mr. Roderick had the boys run the drill over and over.  The only boys who didn't mess up were Keevan, Josiah, and Ox.  Jack thought Ox was crazy, because even when the rest of them had to start over, Ox just kept on bouncing the ball off the wall and side stepping around the gym.  After an exhaustive hour of running the drill and only reaching fourteen perfect drills; the entire team was deflated except Ox.  Mr. Roderick had the boys come to center court and take a knee.   
"Now you know that my basketball is not a joke.  We will run this drill until we get it right thirty times.  Next practice is tomorrow after school.  Who still wants to play?"
The entire team shouted "Me Coach!".
"Good...now go hit the showers and don't forget to do your homework."
Jack looked over at Ox who was grinning.  He introduced Cisco to Ox and the boys went to the locker room to change out of their gym clothes.

Chapter 14:
Ox and Jack walked down the same cement sidewalk that led back towards Jack's apartment.  Ox still had a spring in his step, but Jack felt like going home and passing out.  When the boys got back to the apartment, Jack fell down on one of the beds and Ox had a seat at the small table.
"I forgot dat Mr. Crazy is da crazy coach...but I's kinda like it."
"How did you manage to get yourself enrolled in school?"
"Easy...my mom's is havin' a good day and she come register me.  I's even went to class...and when you no meet me I says...well les go see Mr. Crazy."
"Your too much Ox.  So did we all make the team or is just gonna run everyone til we all pass out?"
"I's tellin' you he Mr. Crazy...but yah...we's all on da team...dem fools who not pass the up down drill ain't got no shot to play for Mr. Crazy."
"Well what do I do about Greg's team?"
"Watcha mean?"
"I think Greg's team is supposed to have try outs tomorrow and I'm supposed to practice for Davis tomorrow."
"Dem white boys play at night afta dem rich parents get off work...you be fine."
"If I run tomorrow like I ran today...I won't have the energy to try out for Greg's team."
"Well if you wanna play for Mr. Crazy dat be good."
Ox let a laugh and Jack laughed too.  It suddenly became surreal that both boys would be playing ball together for the next several months.  
*  *  *  *
The gym was clean and reeked of fresh paint and stale varnish.  All the boys stretching on the court were tall and white.  They all were wearing white warm up suits with red fringe except for a few boys who were simply wearing red shorts and white shirts.  Greg was conversing with three other men under one of the hoops.  Jack felt more out of place here than he had in his whole life.  He looked down at his clothes.  He was wearing green shorts his mom had picked up from a second hand store and a blue Kansas shirt that was beginning to no longer fit him.  He started to walk towards Greg and then caught sight of Alan.  Alan pointed at him and the boys he was stretching with started giggling.  Jack did not want to be here, but he had promised his mom and she was waiting for him out in the hallway.  He had to go through with it.  Finally, Jack heard a comforting voice.
"Hi Jack...do you want to stretch out?"
"I'm okay Greg...I'm kinda beat tonight."
"Are you going to try out?"
"Yeah...I've just been doing a lot of running lately."
"Well...we're going to start off with some quick running drills and then run some formation drills...do you think you can handle that?"
"Sure...I'll give it a try."
Greg smiled and then blew the whistle.  All the boys and the other coaches huddled around Greg.  Jack felt completely out of place amongst the orb of white and red surrounding him.
"Welcome to the Hawks tryout gentlemen.  We'll be running some drills tonight to see how well you work together.  Even though some of you were on the team last year all slots are up for grab.  We're going to start by running half courts.  Alan why don't you show us how it's done."
Alan jumped up and jogged to the base line.  When Greg blew the whistle Alan trotted to half court and back to the baseline.  When he reached the baseline Greg gave two short blows to the whistle and Alan broke into a full sprint down the length of the court.  
"Any questions on how we run half courts?...go line up by Alan."
All the boys took a spot along the baseline and started the drill.  After they finished going the length of the court once it was evident that Jack was the slowest kid on the court.  After Jack crossed the baseline, Greg blew the whistle again and the boys were off.  This time Alan somehow managed to bump Jack in the shoulder.  Jack took off to half court behind the rest of the boys and on the back end of the run got tripped by Alan.  Jack picked himself up off the court and finished to the baseline where Greg gave two short blows to the whistle and the boys were off in a dead sprint to the other end of the court.  Jack was a half court length behind everyone and he didn't have any desire to push himself.  Greg had them run several more half courts before he called them into a team huddle again.
"Nicely done gentlemen!  How many of you are familiar with triangle formation drills?"
A few of the boys raised their hands.  Jack still hadn't even shot the basketball in Mr. Roderick's practices yet, so he had no idea what was about to happen.
"Basically there will be two defensive players against three offensive players.  If the offense scores they get a point.  If the defense stops a possession or the offense doesn't scorel...they get two points.  We have enough boys to run three drills.  The first team to score ten points wins the round.  After three rounds we'll mix it up again."
All the boys jumped up and started pairing up.  Alan grabbed two kids he had been hanging out with and started yelling the word "offense".  He was directed to go to one end of the court.  Some of the other boys grouped up and split off.  Jack didn't notice that there were two basketball hoops lowered on each side line of the court until the boys separated and waited under the hoops.  Jack and two other boys were the only ones left at midcourt.  One of the coaches hollered for Jack and one of the boys to play defense against Alan and his buddies.  Jack was not excited about starting off this way, but he knew he had to go through with the try out.  
The other boy didn't bother to introduce himself to Jack when they got down to the south end of the court.  Alan chuckled when he saw Jack and his friends made a few snickers as well.  Jack ignored them and looked at the different groups of boys.  Each group had a coach ready to keep score and watch the drill.  Greg stood a midcourt and when all the boys looked ready gave an extremely loud whistle.  
Alan flew past Jack and the other boy and easily laid the ball in the hoop.  The coach watching the practice blew his whistle and then grabbed the ball.
"That's one point for the offense.  Keep it going boys."
He pass the ball back to Alan.  This time the other defender got right in front of Alan and yelled at Jack.
"Watch the pass kid!...I'll stay on their scorer!"
Jack had no idea what to really do.  He was terrible at playing defense.  He shuffled his feet back and forth, but the other two boys had spread out along the baseline. Ultimately Jack was frozen when Alan passed the ball to one of the boys driving hard to the basket.  The boy jumped in the air and knocked Jack onto his back and scored another point.
For the next ten minutes or so the same scenario repeated itself over and over again.  Alan would start with the ball and either drive past the other kids or pass the ball to one of the other aggresive scorers leaving Jack and the nameless defender helpless.  The other coach finally called the game and switched Alan and one of the other kids to defense.  Jack was now paired with a kid who didn't care to share his name and another kid who had been knocking him to the ground for the last ten minutes.  The nameless kid started with the ball.  Jack ran around the three point line, but Alan was stuck to him like glue.  The nameless kid passed it to the other kid who missed an easy shot.  The coach blew the whistle.
"We finally have a defensive stop...nice D Alan and Wes...run it again."
The nameless boy started with the ball again.  Jack was still unable to shake off Alan.  The nameless boy looked at Jack, but decided to pass the ball to the other kid again.  The other kid drove the ball to the hoop.  Alan raced away from Jack leaving him wide open.  Jack called for the ball, but the other boy kept driving towards the hoop.  Just as the ball left his hand and was headed for the hoop, Alan leaped off the floor and blocked the shot.  The coach blew the whistle.
"Way to go Alan!...Four points to the defense!"
The coach grabbed the ball and passed it directly to Jack.  Jack wasn't sure what to do, but the nameless kid looked like he was trying to get open.  The other kid looked dumbfounded at Jack.  Before Jack realized it, both Wes and Alan were trapping him.  Jack brought the ball close to his body.  The nameless kid yelled for a pass.  Instinctively, Jack pivoted on one foot out of the trap and shot the ball at least a foot behind the three point arc.  The ball swished through the net.  The coach blew his whistle.
"Nice shot kid...next time pass the ball...both of your teammates were wide open."
The coach passed the ball back to Jack again.  Wes and Alan immediately trapped him.  Jack heard the other boys yelling for a pass.  Jack couldn't see how he could pass it, but knew he should give it a try.  Lunging forward, Jack tried to split the defenders.  Wes was the closest to the ball and snatched it out of Jack's hands.  The coach blew the whistle.
"Great defense Wes!...six points defense, one point offense...I'm going to have Nick run point...get over here Nick."
Jack realized that Nick was a couple inches taller than Alan, but wasn't as coordinated as Alan.  Nick took the ball and Alan crouched in a defensive position.  Wes covered Jack, leaving the nameless kid wide open.  Nick passed the ball to the nameless kid.  The nameless kid took a wide open shot at the basket and missed.  The coach blew the whistle.
"Solid defense puts an offense on its heels...eight points defense."    
The coach passed the ball back to Nick.  Alan was all over Nick, but Nick wouldn't pass the ball to the nameless kid again.  Pretty soon the nameless kid came over to Jack and Wes.  The nameless kid stood on one side of Wes and Jack broke off the tight defense.  Nick passed Jack the ball.  Jack caught the pass just inside the three point line and shot the ball.  The ball sailed through the net again.  The coach blew his whistle.
"You've got a nice touch on the ball kid.  Let's see if the defense can get another stop?"
The coach passed the ball up to Jack this time.  Wes and Alan swarmed him.  Nick and the nameless kid both set a pick for Jack.  Jack turned away from the defenders and and nailed another three pointer.  The coach blew his whistle.
"Your on fire kid...what's your name?"
"I'm Jack."
"Oh yeah...you're the one Coach Greg said needed the scholarship."
All four of the other boys let out a quiet chuckle.  Jack stared them down.
"I actually don't know if I'm going to play on this team.  My mom promised Coach Greg I'd try out...I already made it onto another team."
Alan started walking towards Jack and the coach.
"We don't want any traitors playing with us!"
"Calm down Alan...Jack here still has time to decide who he'll play for...rosters don't need to be submitted until next week."
"I don't care if he's good enough to make our team...he sucks at defense and can't pass the ball to save his life...besides he runs like a turtle!"
"That's enough Alan!...Go calm down!...you alright Jack."
"Better now that I know I'm not wanted...thanks for the try out."
Jack handed the coach the basketball and walked out of the gym.  Before he got to the exit door, Greg was running after him.
"Slow down Jack...if you walk out now the try out is over... you won't make the team."
"I already made the team at Davis...and your players don't want me here...I'm sorry Greg, but I can't play with your son...he's a jerk!"
"Look Jack...I know Alan can get under peoples skin, but he's a great teammate and fierce competitor."
"He's also a sellout, selfish, and only interested in keeping people down!...you guys have fun Greg, but I'm done!"
"Jack.  Wait!"
Jack stormed through the exit doors and saw his mom sitting on a chair reading a book.
"I'm done mom...I didn't make the team...we can go home."
Jack's mom looked up a bit startled.  Jack continued to walk out of the building.  When he was outside he turned around to see his mom talking with Greg in the hallway.  Greg looked concerned, but Jack's mom seemed to be reassuring him about something.  Ultimately Greg gave his mom a key and then the two of them kissed.
Jack's jaw dropped.  He didn't know what to think.  Suddenly his world got very confusing and he wondered if he really knew his mom.  Had she forgot about his dad?  Did she know she was kissing a man who was still technically married?  She had just befriended the enemy to Jack's basketball team.  Would she chose Jack or Greg?  Nothing made sense.  

Chapter 15:
Jack's mom walked outside and towards Jack.  
"What was that all about son?"
"Seriously!  You're gonna question me when you're the one kissing a married man!"
"Don't you take that tone with me Jack!...I'm a grown woman and know exactly what I'm doing."
"Isn't he your boss?"
"He's one of my bosses...but that doesn't matter...you just walked out on an opportunity to play on the best basketball team in the state."
"The best team is at Davis."
"Fine Jack!  If you want to play with Ox and those other boys you can...but don't expect me to make it easy for you."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"It means we're moving away from that school next week and I won't take you to school."
"You don't take me to school now."
"That's because we live like five blocks from your school...we're going to be at least five miles from there now...and it's not on my way to work."
"You take the bus to work."
"Not any more...Greg just gave me a company car...he needs me to work on a new project and I'm required to travel."
"So your boyfriend Greg is going to give you a rental house, company car, and lovely kisses to make you feel good...what about dad?!"
"You father left us Jack!"
"Aren't you still married to him?"
"No Jack I'm not!  I filed for a no contest divorce a year ago.  I haven't changed my name because I wanted us to have the same last name."
"This sucks mom!"
Jack started to cry.  He didn't know what hit him, but he felt like his whole world just fell apart.
"Come here Jack...I didn't want to tell you like this...but your dad and I are over."
Jack felt the soft embrace of his mom and sobbed into her shoulder.  He knew he would eventually need to accept that his father was gone, but he didn't expect that day to be today.
"I've only wanted him to come back mom."
"I used to want that too Jack...but I can't hold myself back waiting for him."
"Did you know my coach at Davis is dad's hero?"
"What are you talking about Jack...you said the coach was the security guard."
"His name is Manley Roderick."
"You mean "Mean Manley Roderick" the single season scoring record holder for the Jayhawks?"
"That's him mom...I've got to play for Davis."
"Didn't your father idolize Manley Roderick?"
"He probably still does..."
"You have to know Jack...playing for Manley Roderick won't bring your dad back to us."
"I know mom...but he's a Jayhawk and so am I...it's like I have a second chance to learn from dad...even though he's not here."
"I can tell why you feel the way you do Jack...but don't you think it would be just as good to play for Greg...he's so nice and helpful."
"He's also rich mom.  We don't come from rich...we come from poor and I don't feel comfortable around those rich kids...no matter what, they'll always be rich and always be poor."
"Okay Jack...if you want to play at Davis then I'll let you play at Davis...but we're going to have to figure out how to get you to school."
"Ox and I can figure it out...he's good that way."
"I'm sure he is...but we'll figure it out together okay?"
"Okay mom."
Jack's mom pushed the button on a key remote and an average looking sedan blinked its lights.  
"Looks like we have a ride home?"
"Sure does...thanks mom...thanks for everything."

Chapter 16:
Ox loaded his last box from the garage into the back of the company sedan.  When he got in the back seat he could only see outside the window where he was seated.
"Are you sure that's everything Ox?"
"I's sure Ms. H.  dats all der is."
"I should have known that moving day would be a chore even though we aren't moving any furniture."
"We've been here over  a month now mom and we just naturally collect things."
"That's true Jack...but most people don't collect a new roommate and a garage full of stuff."
Jack smiled and then laughed.
"Looks like your our roommate now Ox."
"Dat be good cuz I ain't no lost cuzin or somethin'."
"You're crazy Ox"
"Alright boys...let's get going."
The sedan drove out of the alley off to the new house Greg had rented to Jack's mom.  The drive across town was nice and the further south they drove the cleaner the streets, the more colorful the trees, and the whiter the people.  After twenty minutes in the car, the sedan stopped in front of a beige ranch style home with a two car garage and basketball hoop affixed to it.  Ox and Jack jumped out of the car as soon as the car was in park.  
"Check it out Ox...we can play each other whenever we want!"
"You's can lose to me wheneva you wants!"
Jack smiled at Ox then motioned to his mom who already getting in the car to unload it.
"You's need help Ms. H.?"
"Yes Ox....you are so thoughtful...Jack why don't you learn some manners from Ox?"
"I'm coming mom..."
As Jack headed over to the car another car pulled up to the house.  Jack recognized the car, it was Greg and it looked like Amanda was with him.  As Greg turned the car off Amanda got out of the car along with Alan.  Jack shook his head and turned away to help his mom.
"Hi Gina..."
"Greg!...What are you doing here?"
"I completely forgot to give you the house key yesterday...so I figured I'd bring it by this morning before Alan and I head off for practice."
"Wow....I'm so glad you remembered...I wouldn't have been able to get in otherwise...how silly of me...Thanks!"
"Come on in and I'll show you around...I was using this place as a corporate rental until a couple months ago...like I said it's fully furnished, so you shouldn't have any problems needing to go out and get furniture, appliances, or anything like that....Alan.  Why don't you help the other boys bring things in."
Greg took the suitcase Gina was carrying and walked her up to the front door.  Jack watched as his mom laughed and smiled at almost anything Greg said.  Then he realized Amanda was standing a few feet from him.
"Hey!...How are you Amanda?"
"Good...are you gonna introduce me to your friend?"
"Um...yeah...sure...Ox, this is Amanda."
"Nice to meet you Ox."
"Is good meetin' you too."
Ox gave a curious look toward Alan who was still standing by his dad's car dressed in a white warm up suit with red trim.  He pretended that he didn't know what was going on.  Pretty soon Ox had put down the boxes he had unloaded and approached Alan.
"You play for da Hawks?"
"Yeah...so what?"
"I member you...I's school you wit my fade away last year."
Ox let out his toothy and gummy smile.
"I didn't think you were smart enough to remember what happened a year ago...now go do the job you were hired to do."
"Dis ain't my job foo'...it be my new home."
"Are you telling me that you live with the the fat dwarf and his troll mom."
"You's tink country boy look like a dwarf and his ma look like a troll....Hehe...you's crazy cracker boy...dey be my homies...got dat?"
"Shut up and go back to cleaning toilets or whatever it is you do."
Jack sensed that Alan was getting annoyed with Ox and walked over to bring Ox back over to help him with the car.
"Come on Ox...let's get back to work."
"I ain't finished talkin' to my Hawk friend..."
"Listen to the dwarf and bug off stupid."
"Don't call people stupid Alan!...You're the one failing English."
"Shut it Amanda!"
"It's good to see you have a bad attitude wherever you go."
"You wanna back that talk up...Dwarf?!"
"You's ain't gonna talk dat way to country boy."
"You're an idiot!  This kids a dwarf not from the country!"
"Let's go Jack before Alan throws a hissy fit."
Jack and Ox had just about had it with Alan and were ready to take Amanda's advice and walk away when Alan reached out and slapped Amanda across the face.
"Don't talk nonsense to me you stupid brat!"
Jack clenched his fist and was ready to punch Alan when Ox stepped in front of him.
"Les' go country boy."
"You can't treat her that way punk!"
"She's my bratty sister and I'll treat her however I want!...Get him away from me giant boy!"
Jack's face was turning bright red, but Ox just kept walking him away from Alan.  Alan opened the front passenger side door and got into his dad's car.
"I'm gonna kill your brother!...are you alright?"
"I'm fine Jack...it didn't even hurt...he's been a jerk all morning...he wanted to stay with my mom this weekend, but my dad is making him practice with the start of the season coming up and everything."
Amanda rubbed her cheek and showed a fake smile.
"Did you really school Alan last year Ox?"
"I's sure did...is fore dey kick me off da team....we's beat dem Hawks bad...but dey gets back Davis in da championship game."
"I do remember you Ox...you held my brother to like ten points or something."
"Dat me...Mr. Crazy tells me I's to take da boy dat be scorin' like a mad man...I's shut him down and post thirty point...is good game."
"I couldn't stop Alan from scoring when I went to the Hawks tryout."
"Well then Ox is gonna have to teach you how to stop him."
"I's not know how's to teach...I jus' play."
"That's right Ox...you just play."
Amanda genuinely laughed as Greg and Jack's mom came out of the house.  Jack could tell that Greg was holding his mom's hand, but he didn't want to bring any attention to it.  He still hadn't told Ox that his mom was dating someone and he knew that Amanda would probably be weirded out if she knew their parents were dating.  Greg finally left the front porch and jogged toward the car.
"You coming Amanda?"
"Can I stay and help out here?"
"Are you okay with that Gina?"
"That's fine."
"I'll be back to pick you up before dinner time."
Greg smiled as he jumped into his car and sped out of the neighborhood.
"Okay boys...let's go...we've got to unpack and then we're doing some serious grocery shopping...we've got bare cupboards and I want to make us a good meal for our first night in our new home."
Jack and Ox inadvertently licked their lips and hurried off to unpack the rest of the car.
*  *  *  *
By the time Jack's mom had made her way through the produce section at the super market Ox had insisted that he talk to the manager of the store to find out what they were using to keep the floors so polished.  Amanda was engaged in conversation with Jack's mom and Jack for the first time all day felt a little out of place.
"Are you two gonna talk the whole way through the store?"
"Oh...sorry Jack, I thought you ran off with Ox."
"There are nicer ways to impose on a conversation Jack...besides...Amanda and I have lots in common."
"Like what?...you're way older than her."
"Amanda is a swimmer and that happens to be my sport...or at least it was until college."
"I think you both are just girl talking."
"Well that's part of being a girl Jack...and I don't have many girls around me...just my dumb brothers."
"That's true...so do you want me to go find Ox so you two can girl talk?"
Amanda looked quizzically at Jack's mom.  After a few seconds of silence Jack's mom came to a confirmed decision.
"I think it would do you some good to listen to girl talk...someday this might come in handy."
"Really Mom...you think it's gonna come in handy?"
"Probably...now zip your lips and try to learn something."
"Well...Amanda...before we were interrupted I was telling you about the cranberry salad I wanted to make for dinner."
"Do you usually put walnuts in it?"
"Not all the time...but if we can find some feta cheese then I think we should.  The two flavors really go good together."
"Sorry mom...I don't mean to interrupt again...but I think I should go find Ox."
"Are you already bored?"
"No...but I think those workers are trying to get Ox to leave the store...check it out."
Jack pointed to the front of the store and saw worker dressed in a tie along with a clerk who were trying to corral Ox.  
"We better all go up there...come on Jack, let's go save your brother."
"He's not my brother."
"Yes he is...by adoption...remember?"
"Oh yeah!...now I remember."
Jack had never seen his mom so concerned at a grocery store before.  He and Amanda followed her as she hurriedly pushed her grocery cart right up to the manager of the store.  By the time she reached the round manager and robust clerk who were with Ox, Jack and Amanda were still several feet behind, but were in prime position to watch Jack's mom in action.
"Thank you so much for finding my son."
"This is your son ma'am?"
"Yes he is...he has this terrible obsession with floors...we're working on it with him...now come along Ox."
"I don't mean to be rude ma'am, but this kid shoplifted from our store last month...we need to escort him to a police car that should be outside soon."
"Is this true Ox?"
"No ma'am...I ain't been here fore' today."
"Gentlemen...my family just moved here a month ago from Kansas and up until today we have been living on the other end of town...I think you've made a mistake."
"We have video evidence ma'am."
"Are you lying to me Ox?"
"I ain't lying...dem guys don't like me cuz I's black."
"Is that what this is about?"
"Listen ma'am...we have video evidence of someone that matches the description of your so called son here...when the police get here we can sort it out."
"He is my adopted son and we aren't waiting around for your lousy police officers to get here.  Me and my money are leaving and not coming back...we won't be subject to this kind of harassment!"
 Gina took Ox by the wrist and motioned for Jack and Amanda to follow her out the store.  Jack had never seen his mom yell at another adult before and he could tell she was madder than a hornet.  She quickly ushered everyone into the car and pulled out of the parking lot.
"Were you telling me the truth back there Ox?!"
"I's told you ma'am...I ain't been in no white boy store fore'"
"I took you into my house out of the kindness of my heart and I expect you to be completely honest with me...now what happened back there?!"
"I's go up to da service counter and ask for da manager...he come down and I asks bout' dat shiny floor...he look at me like I's stupid...den dat white boy come to da manager and whisper in his ear...dat manager start tellin' me bout' floors and da store...den dat white boy come back and is all up in manager ear...dats when dem fools try to get me to go to some office...I's says no way and dem freak out...den you comes and saves the day Ms. H."
"Are you sure one of your jobs didn't bring you down this way?"
"I's tellin' da truth."
"Alright Ox...now you know how I feel about lying...you better take note of this too Jack."
"I got it mom."

Chapter 17:
Jack looked out the window of his mom's company sedan and watched the sun rise from the east. He checked the back seat to see if Ox had nodded off again.  Sure enough, Ox was sleeping on the way to school again.  Jack knew that if he was trying to work a part time job the nights he wasn't practicing that he would be exhausted too, but Ox somehow would wake up from his morning car naps to be more energized than Jack would be any time of the day.  All Jack had to do was think of another grueling practice with Mr. Roderick and he would automatically regress to being tired.
Mr. Roderick had the Davis basketball team practicing four nights a week and they would round out their week with a skills camp on Saturday.  Jack enjoyed Saturday's the most because he didn't have to run quite so much and after Mr. Roderick saw his shooting skills he had elevated him to the sixth man on the team.  Jack would theoretically be the first man off the bench in a game.  Ox of course was the star player on the team and played center.  Josiah earned the starting strong forward position and Keevan was the team's starting point guard.  The other two starters were the best defensive players on the team.  They were identical twins and one was named David and the other Derrick.  Most of the boys on the team couldn't tell David and Derrick apart.  Both boys had closely shaved heads and were just as dark as Ox, but were very clean cut.  Jack heard Keevan and Josiah making fun of them at one of the skills camps because the twin's dad was a preacher.  
Jack still had amnesty with Keevan and Josiah, but every so often one of them would bump him or call him a name.  Ox was usually close by and Jack would shrug it off as an incidental occurrence.  The last week though had been different.  All the boys on the team knew that the season would be starting and that they needed to get ready for their first game of the year.  
Davis was scheduled to play the third place team from last year's season.  Jack still hadn't found out the name of the team or what part of Denver they were from.  All he knew was that they were the third place team and Mr. Roderick didn't let the team forget it.  The game was scheduled for Friday night and would be played at the Davis gymnasium.  Jack was excited, but also nervous about playing.  Ox told him that he probably wouldn't play too much because Mr. Roderick made sure that his starters could play the whole game without tiring out.  Jack still felt awkward about it and when his mom invited Greg and Amanda to come, he was even more nervous.
Greg had handled Jack's decision to play for Davis better than Jack anticipated.  He stopped talking to Jack about basketball all the time and instead focused on asking about school work and industrial arts.  Greg was fascinated to learn that Jack's school had a class devoted to teaching students about computers and other career oriented concepts.  Amanda on the other hand was wrapped up in Jack's basketball team.  She was fascinated by the the team's ability to be a team while segregating themselves from each other.  She did not understand why Ox and Jack didn't try to be closer friends with the twins or the other bench players and she was constantly amazed at how Keevan and Josiah consistently ostracized themselves from the other players.
Jack smiled as he thought about Amanda's questions and interest in his basketball team.  His mom was pulling up to the school forty five minutes before classes started as usual and dropping the boys off at the cafeteria so they could go get a hot breakfast.  When Ox and Jack found out that the school gave out free breakfast to any student that showed up, they decided to take advantage of their early arrival.  It also benefited Ox because his math teacher came to the cafeteria almost every day and helped Ox get through his math homework.  
The car came to a stop and Jack's mom looked back at Ox and silently chuckled.
"Do you want to get him out of the car?"
"Let's go Ox...we're at school."
"Aight...I's up...Le's go."
Jack and Ox got out of the car and waved to Jack's mom.
"Did you remember your bus tokens?"
Jack gave his mom thumbs up.  He still couldn't believe that she made him take the public bus home, but it was the only way to make things work with his mom's busy schedule.  She had already received a promotion at work and was scheduled to attend managers training the next summer if she could maintain her current record of exceptional work.  Jack was happy for his mom, but missed all the time they used to have together in Parsons.  He looked over at Ox who was still shaking off some of the early morning cobwebs and knew that even though he didn't have as much time with his mom he had found a new best friend.
"Whatcha think they'll have for breakfast today?"
"Not sure country boy...dem fools is always mixin' up somein' different."
"Did you finish your math last night?"
"Come on now...I's got help every mornin' here."
Ox smiled as if he was holding an evil secret.  
"You've only got help cause your teacher thinks you need it."
"Dat's cool by me...I's tryin' to get into algebra next semester."
"Really?"
"Really!...I's smart country boy...I jus' don't like to show it."
"I never said you weren't...I'm just surprised...that's all."
"And how be dat science class goin'?"
"Fi...ne...why do you ask?"
"Cause I seen you stressin' out bout' it wit' Amanda."
"That's her science class Ox...your crazy man."
"You crazy bout' dat girl...I's tellin' da truth!"
Jack turned completely red and didn't know if he wanted to hit Ox  in the arm or laugh giddily.  
"We are friends Ox...that's all we are...she's always liked talking to me."
"Den why's you so red?"
"You caught me off guard...that's all..."
"You's think I's aint seein' notin'...but I's sees lots."
"Okay Ox!...let's go in and get some food."
"Whoa!...now country boy angry...you's like her!"
"Of course I like her Ox...but she's not gonna like me back...and I'm not gonna give Alan another reason to hate me."
"You aint gotta worry bout' dat fool...he gonna git shut down by da Ox!"
"We've gotta worry about our game on Friday...not on Alan."
"Mr. Crazy jus' tryin' to git all you fools worried bout' some team we kill last year...dem ain't dat good."
"Well they're probably better than me and I might get put in the game."
Ox opened the door to the cafeteria and both boys walked into the smell of hot maple syrup and pancakes.
"I's gonna ask for two helpins'."
"Stop thinking with your stomach Ox...seriously...what if they put me in the game."
"Den you's gonna shoot lights out and bring down da rain."
Ox hurried off to the cafeteria line following his nose.  Jack watched Ox sweet talk one of the cafeteria workers into giving him two trays of food.  Jack couldn't sweet talk a cinnamon roll, but Ox had this way of being polite and innocent with adults.  After both boys made it through the line they sat down to eat.
"You really think I'll play well?"
"Jus' do what Mr. Crazy taught ya...stay in front of yo man and git open for a shot..."
Jack remembered everything he had learned the last several weeks and how his hard work had paid off.  He had beat out two other boys to claim the sixth man spot.  He had proven that he could run to Mr. Roderick's standard and that he had the stamina to keep trying.  He knew that Ox was right about doing what he had been taught, but he still didn't know if he had the confidence to do all the things he had done in practice.  
Ox scarfed down another pancake while Jack kept cutting his pancakes into smaller pieces.  He didn't know what he would do if he was put into the game, so he started thinking about how Ox was about to demoralize the team they would face on Friday.  Jack tried hard to forget about his own anxiety and ultimately resolved to focus on Ox and less on himself and hopefully things would work out.
                    
Chapter 18:
Jack sat on the gym floor in a black warm up suit with teal trim, the colors of Davis.  He stretched out his legs with the rest of the team and watched the crowd trickle into the gymnasium.  They were congregating to one set of bleachers that were normally concealed on the south wall.  Jack knew that his mom would be arriving soon and his stomach felt like it was doing slow summersaults over and over again.  He looked at Ox who was also stretching, but his eyes were closed and he looked focused.  There was no way Jack was about to close his eyes.  
Across the gym was the team they were about to play.  They were dressed in white warm up suits with burgundy and blue trim.  Unlike Alan's team, this team was not solely comprised of white kids.  It looked like a few kids on the team were black, but they were definitely not as dark as the kids on Jack's team.  The team started warming up and Jack noticed they had the word "Bruins" on the back of their warm up suits.  Mr. Roderick blew on his whistle and all the boys on the Davis team jumped to their feet and huddled around their coach.
"Alright boys...this team has got a couple of new players on it this year...it's not the same team you beat last season.  I want Cisco to keep an eye of their warm up drills...he'll grab all rebounds for our layup and shooting drills...Jack...I don't want you shooting outside of the key during warm ups...do you understand?"
"Yes coach."
"Good...let's warm up and get focused on beating the Bruins..."
Mr. Roderick blew the whistle and the boys from Davis started their drills.  Jack missed every single lay up in warm ups.  Ox was jumping so high it looked like he could almost drop the ball in the hoop on his layups.  Keevan and Josiah were surprisingly focused and running cleaner drills than they normally did in practice.  The twins looked just as steady as always and Cisco was clearing all the rebounds and trying to watch the other team.  The eighth member of the team had quit the team the day before because his family was moving away which contributed to Jack's anxiety about playing.  
After the layup drills ended, Jack turned around to see what the Bruins were doing.  they were running intricately choregraphed layup drills and every boy seemed to be making every layup, to top it off the Bruins had twelve players on their team.  Mr. Roderick blew the whistle and the Davis boys started their shooting drills.
Cisco passed a ball to the spot where each boy squared up to the basket.  Jack came to the free throw line at almost every turn.  He missed his first shot, but made six consecutive shots after that.  Jack kept going to the free throw line and found a rhythm in his shot.  Pretty soon Mr. Roderick pulled him out of the drill.
"Jack...I don't want you to make every shot from the free throw line...get a little closer to the basket and don't worry about finding your stroke...you've got it today..."
Jack didn't say anything to Mr. Roderick. He went back into the drill and started taking shots closer to the basket.  Most of the shots went in, but Jack lost some confidence as he started missing some shots that were really close to the hoop.  Luckily the warm up drills ended and a loud buzzer sounded.  The boys instinctively hustled over to Mr. Roderick who was standing in front of a short row of chairs on the north side of the gym.  A scoring table was set up at mid court on the sidelines and the Bruins were clamoring to get organized on their bench.  Mr. Roderick kneelt down and huddled his team around him.
"We're going to go with our five regular starters...Keevan will run the point, David and Derrick will play the two and three...and Josiah and Ox are down low...I want Ox to take the tip and don't forget to pass the ball three times before you shoot it in our sets...any questions?...good let's go take it to em'..."
All the boys took off their warm up suits including Jack and Cisco who were sitting on the bench. The game started shortly after Mr. Roderick's pep talk and Jack finally realized that the gym was nearly full.  He didn't think to look for his mom, he wanted to focus on Ox who was standing at mid court waiting for the referee to toss the ball in the air for the opening tip.
With the opening tip came an eruption from the crowd.  Ox easily won the tip and Davis had the ball first.  Keevan drove the ball to the hoop and scored an easy layup.  Mr. Roderick yelled at Keevan to pass the ball next time, but it didn't seem like anyone could hear him.  After the Bruins inbounded the ball the twins swarmed the Bruins player who caught the ball.  One of them stripped the ball loose and the other one picked it up and laid it in for another easy basket.  
Jack was amazed by the intensity of his teammates.  He hadn't seen them work so hard except when Mr. Roderick had them run.  The first half continued in the same manner as the first minute of the game and by half time the Davis team was winning by twenty five points.  Mr. Roderick led the team to the locker room after the half time buzzer and all five starters were smiley and sweaty.  
There was a chalkboard in the locker room and a Gatorade cooler full of cold water.  Mr. Roderick had the boys grab something to drink and sat them down in front of the chalk board.
"Great effort out there gentlemen...you have demonstrated that you can outrun this team...but we still have twenty minutes to play...do you think you're going to outrun all twelve of their players?...we need to slow things down on offense Keevan...pass the ball and run down the clock...it's not hard...how are you boys holding up?"
Mr. Roderick looked directly at Cisco and Jack.  Both Cisco and Jack nodded yes as if to say that everything was fine.  Then Mr. Roderick looked at Ox.
"You've been playing some great defense out there Ox...you haven't let them score once in the paint...do you know that?"
Ox shook his head and smiled.
"I think we'll start the second half with Ox, Josiah, David, Keevan, and Jack...you gentlemen good with that?"          
Jack was too afraid to speak up as he realized he was about to put into the game.  The other boys were nodding in agreement, but Jack wanted to scream in protest.  He kept his feelings pent up as Mr. Roderick drew some designed plays to create more passing opportunities.  After he finished the team left the locker room and headed back to the gym.  
When they got to the gym the Bruins were already warming up.  Jack looked at the clock on the scoreboard and it was under two minutes and running.  There was time to back out of playing, but Jack caught sight of his mom sitting with Greg and Amanda in the crowd.  He felt guilty about not wanting to play and took a deep breath and told himself he was going to do his best.  Mr. Roderick called the team together.
"Okay gentlemen...they're going to get the ball to start the second half...let's get a stop out there and remind them that we're the same team they faced in the first half."  
Before he knew it, Jack was on the court defending one of the Bruins.  Jack knew he just needed to stay in front of his man and Ox would pick up the slack.  The player was trying to get open for a pass and Jack felt like he was just chasing the other player from one spot on the court to another over and over again.  
The Bruins successfully inbounded the ball and Jack's man took off in a full sprint running down the court.  The other player was much faster than Jack and raced in front of all the other players.  Another Bruin passed him the ball and he scored an easy layup.  Jack looked at the ground, but Ox quickly patted Jack on the back and told him to "keep pushing".  Ox inbounded the ball to Keevan and Jack hustled down to the other end of the court.  Two Bruin players suddenly swarmed Keevan and stopped him in his tracks.  Keevan yelled for help, but Jack stood froze.  One of the Bruins stole the ball from Keevan and raced ahead for an easy layup.  By the time Jack got back towards Keevan he could see the usually fire and anger in Keevan's eyes.
"When I calls for help boy...you best come down and give me help!"
Ox ran past the two boys.
"I's gonna give country boy da ball if you don't shut it!"  
"Fine!...Stay out of my way boy!"
Ox waved for Jack to run down the court.  Jack went ahead and ran down.  David came back to help Keevan in case he got trapped again.  Josiah stood at mid-court to insure that the Bruins didn't steal the ball back.  Ox inbounded the ball to Keevan who was immediately swarmed by two Bruins.  Keevan passed the ball to David who passed it up to Josiah at mid court.  Josiah turned around and saw Jack standing wide open at the three point line.  He passed Jack the ball.  Jack caught the ball and took a quick shot.  The ball bounced off the front of the rim and back onto the court.  Jack hustled in to get the rebound, but another Bruin player beat him to the ball.  Jack now felt responsible for three straight blown possessions.  Mr. Roderick wasn't yelling, but he looked frustrated.  
On the opposite end of the court Ox set the defense.  Jack was a couple steps behind the player that rebounded his missed shot.  When he got to the other end of the court he took his position in the zone defense that Ox called.  The Bruins started passing the ball around the the top of the three point line.  Ox and Josiah held the inside lanes in check and Keevan and David were being aggressive with the ball handlers.  Jack stayed in his position defending the outside shot from the right side of the court.  The ball eventually made its way to Jack's side of the court.  When the Bruin player caught the ball he faked a dribble and Jack swiped at the ball.  The ball came loose and Jack somehow grabbed the ball.  Ox and Josiah quickly started streaking down the court.  Keevan was calling for the ball, but was being guarded by two Bruin players.  Jack passed the ball to David who was wide open.  David relayed his pass up to Josiah who missed a layup, but Ox got the rebound and put the ball back in the hoop.  
Jack could feel the cheer from the crowd and he suddenly felt like he was normal again.  The Bruins kept pushing the pace of the game, they still had a long way to go if they were going to get back in the game.  Jack braced himself on defense again.  This time the Bruins stayed away from his side of the court.  One of the taller players on the Bruins caught a pass in the paint and tried to get off a quick shot against Ox. Ox read the shot and blocked the shot right into Jack's hands.  Jack passed the ball to Keevan who was wide open.  Keevan got the ball past half court and slowed down his dribble.  The other boys hustled to the other side of the court and the Bruins once again swarmed Keevan.  Josiah pointed for Jack to go to the three point line.  Josiah stood in front of one of the swarming players and Keevan broke loose.  He passed the ball to Jack who suddenly saw a streaking Ox.  Jack practically handed the ball off to Ox who took a giant leap and easily put the ball through the hoop.  
The Bruins coach called a timeout and the crowd got loud.  Mr. Roderick had his team huddle up by the bench.
"Great hustle out there gentlemen.  Way to recover Jack!...I'm gonna put Cisco and Derrick in for David and Jack.  Let's keep after it gentlemen and try to slow down the tempo Keevan."
"What if they keep trapping me Coach?"
"Break the trap and if the opportunity is there take the score...Let's keep after it!"
Jack felt like he had just got his game legs under him and was sitting on the bench again.  He was excited to see Cisco get in the game, but he looked more lost than Jack.  The Bruins still couldn't score though and Keevan kept breaking the trap defense and Ox and Josiah put up an absurd number of uncontested layups.  Mr. Roderick rotated David back into the game for Cisco and the Davis team increased their lead to thirty six points.  With less than four minutes to go in the game Mr. Roderick brought Ox and Keevan out and put Jack and Cisco in the game with Josiah and the twins.  
Davis had possession of the ball and Josiah inbounded the ball to David.  He dribbled the ball up slowly when he ran into the Bruins trap defense.  Jack could definitely tell that there was no quit in the Bruins team.  David launched a pass to Jack who had a defender on him pretty quickly.  Jack pivoted away from the defender and could see that he was about three feet off the three point line.  Jack took the shot and nailed the shot.  The crowd went silent for a second and then erupted.  The defender just looked at Jack like he was someone who just did something completely out of character.  
The Davis team raced back to defense.  The Bruins scored on a jump shot over Cisco and Josiah inbounded the ball to Derrick this time.  Derrick quickly passed the ball to David who passed the ball to Cisco.  Cisco raced up the floor with ball and stopped dribbling on the other side of half court.  Jack now had a defender on him.  Cisco was about to get double teamed, but got off a quick pass to Jack who was right at the three point line.  Jack faked a shot that got his defender to leave his feet.  He put up another shot and got clobbered on the shot by the defender.  The shot bounced off the rim and through the net.  The referee blew his whistle and put Jack on the free throw line.  Jack easily made the free throw shot and the Davis team raced off to play defense again.  
The Bruins had to work hard for an open shot, but they eventually got one over Jack this time.  With less than two minutes to play Jack could sense that the game was truly over and that his team would win.  All the pressure and anxiety that was left in Jack's system evaporated.
Josiah passed the ball into Jack who found a wide open Cisco.  Cisco dribbled the ball up the court and set the Davis offense.  The Bruins were still trying to swarm the ball, but the Davis team kept passing the ball around.  After eight or nine consecutive passes Cisco found Jack wide open two feet behind the three point line.  Jack could sense that the Bruins were tired and he fired his shot.  The ball went straight through the net.  The Bruins looked defeated, but quickly pushed the ball up the court for an uncontested score.  Josiah inbounded the ball to Cisco who dribbled out the clock.  
Ox and Keevan came off the bench and congratulated the squad who closed out the game.  Mr. Roderick brought the team in for a cheer and they then shook the hands of the Bruins team.  After the ritual handshake Mr. Roderick brought his team back together.
"Great team win out there today gentlemen!  This is why we run and push ourselves ridiculously through the week...so we can feel good about winning...now go home and get some rest...we'll be back at practice tomorrow afternoon...one more thing.  I appreciate the communication on the court...let's keep that going in practice."
Jack looked at Ox and let out a releasing smile.  Ox made a fist and rubbed his knuckle on Jack's head.  Jack pretended to pull away, but liked the affection.  Amanda, Greg, and Jack's mom walked over to Jack and Ox.
"Nice win boys...Gina gave me permission to take us all out to dinner...how's that sound."
"Sounds great Greg...mind if we go change first?"
"Of course not...good shooting Jack."
"Thanks."
Amanda looked at Jack and beamed a slight blush and smile.
"Good game Jack."
"Thanks, but Ox was the real hero out there today."
"Nice game too Ox..."
"Thanks Manda...we's best go get changed country boy."
"Alright...we'll see you guys soon."
Jack and Ox walked out of the gym and Ox bumped up against Jack.
"So she don't like you huh?"
"Leave it alone Ox."
Ox laughed and Jack chuckled back.

Chapter 19:
Jack looked at the menu and couldn't decide what to eat.  The restaurant was loud with music playing, people talking, and football being watched on televisions mounted around the restaurant.  He glanced around the table, Amanda was sitting to his left and Ox was sitting to his right.  Greg and mom were across the table chatting about something and smiling at one another.  
"Whatcha gonna order Ox?"
"No idea...dis place ain't gots no meal deals."
"Most of the stuff comes with a side...look here...if you get the ribs you can choose three side dishes or two sides and get a salad."
"I's don't wants no salad...but dem ribs sounds good...where dem sides?"
"Over here...you can get mashed potatoes, french fries, cooked vegetables, baked beans, cole slaw, or macaroni and cheese."
"I's gonna get fries, beans, and some slaw...dat be good...whatcha gonna get?"
"I was having a hard time deciding, but I haven't had steak since I got to Denver...that's pretty much my favorite food that I never get to eat."
Amanda looked up from her menu and squinted her eyebrows at Ox and Jack.
"Why do boys always love meat?...Both of you want meat...I was reading this book on how meat can really be bad for you if you eat it too much."
"Are you gonna become a vegetarian?"
"No...but I just don't think that meat should be your favorite food...there might come a day when we won't be able to eat meat."
"Well I love meat and I love steak especially...as long as I can eat it I will...Ox probably feels the same about bar-b-que...right Ox?"
"Da truth country boy!"
"See Amanda...we just love it and can't change it."
"But you need to see the bad things they're putting into animals and then you eat them and put it into your body...I just don't know if I agree with it."
Jack's mom looked across the table and smiled.
"Have you all figured out what you're going to order yet?"
"Is Greg really okay with us ordering whatever we want?"
"He said it was fine...go ahead and order whatever you want."
Ox immediately opened up his menu again.  He started scanning it and then licked his lips.
"What are you doing Ox?"
"I's gettin' dat full rack o ribs...and I's gettin' dem onion rings on dat starter menu...dat okay Ms. H?"
"That's fine Ox...I'm sure your hungry after playing so hard."
"You's got dat right."
Ox continued to look at the menu while Amanda was still squinting at Jack.
"What did I do?"
"Nothing...I just thought you'd understand about the meat thing."
"You've never mentioned it before."
"That's because most people think it's silly."
"Well if you believe in it then you should follow what you believe in."
"I just don't know for sure yet...that's all."
"I don't know if I for sure will always like steak my whole life...but I want it now so that's why I'm ordering it."
"Well I just don't like food in general....sometimes it seems like a hassle to eat."
"But food tastes so good."
"It doesn't always taste good to me...sometimes I'd just rather have some bread and cheese or eat a bowl of cereal."
"You've never complained about eating before."
"That was before I read that book."
"Well I think you should just pick something that will fill you up."
"Good suggestion Jack...but I'll probably just order a salad or a sandwich."
"Seriously?...You could get anything you want."
"And maybe I just want a sandwich."
"But you could have that at home."
"I still think that's what I'll get."
"Well I guess if that's what you want."
Jack looked across at his mom who was now studying the menu.  Greg glanced up from his menu and placed it on the table.
"Shall we order everyone?"
Jack's mom lowered her menu and nodded in agreement.  The conversation continued, Greg started asking Ox questions about basketball and his life before he moved in with Jack and Gina.  Jack didn't think anything of it, he was glad that Greg wasn't talking to him.  Amanda continued to complain about not wanting to eat and Gina helped her work through the problem.  When dinner came everyone ate without much conversation.  Even Amanda finished all her food.  Ox had bar-b-que sauce all over his cheeks, but never looked happier in his life.
When dinner was over Greg drove Gina and the boys home.  Gina invited Greg and Amanda in to watch a movie, but Greg declined because his team had their first game in the morning.  Jack was surprised to see Greg kiss his mom on the cheek on the way out of the car.  He could hardly get Amanda to say goodbye, but figured she was just in a bad mood after dinner.  By the time Jack got into the house he plopped on the couch and turned on the television.  Gina came in the house and immediately turned the television off.
"You two need to go to bed...it's getting late and you have chores to do in the morning before you go to practice."
"I just need some time to unwind mom...come on..."
"Come on Jack...it's after eight and I need you and Ox to rake leaves and mow the grass so that Greg can winterize the sprinkler system tomorrow afternoon."
"Can Ox and I play a game or something in our rooms for a while then?"
"Fine...but you both need to be in bed by nine thiry."
"Cool...thanks mom."
"You're welcome...now get to bed."
Jack stumbled down the hallway to his room and Ox followed him.  
"Whatcha wanna play?"
"I don't know Ox...isn't there a checkers game in your closet?"
"I's guess so...les go check."
The boys went into Ox's room and found an old checkers set in the top of his closet.  They pulled it down and set it up on Ox's bed and started to play.
"Did you like your dinner?"
"Is good...dem ribs was da bomb..."
"Have you ever been to a restaurant like that before?"
"I's been to some place wit' my mom...but dem ain't got ribs like tonight."
"I'm glad you had a good time Ox...what was Greg asking you by the way?"
"Dat fool jus' wants to know bout my mom's and why's I livin' wit you and Ms. H...dat's all."
"Didn't he ask you about basketball?"
"He asks if Mr. Crazy teach us plays...I's tell him no...we's play tough D and dat's it."
"Smart man Ox!...He was probably fishing for something...when do we play the Hawks?"
"I forgets...we's playin' da Tornadoes next week."
"The who?"
"Tornadoes...dem is a terrible team...you's gonna play lots next week."
"Well...we'll have to see how that shakes down."
"It be shakin' down good for Davis...Da truth!"
"Alright Ox...I'm getting tired...you ready for bed?"
"Sure is...see ya tomorrow."
"Yeah good night...and thanks for helping me out tonight...I couldn't have played without you."
"Anytime country boy...anytime."
Jack walked out of Ox's room feeling better than he had in a long time.

Chapter 20:
The yellow school bus felt like it was moving much slower than the sedan Jack's mom drove him to school in every morning.  It was faster than the public bus that took Ox and Jack home, but the ride was bumpier and the team had to share the bus with the students who were awarded with tickets to go to Davis's first road game of the season.  The players got to sit in the front of the bus and Jack sat as close to the driver as he could. 
The school bus driver was not as interesting as the bus driver who drove Jack and his mom to Denver, in fact he only answered Jack's questions with either a "yup" or a "nope".  Ox on the other hand had this uncanny ability to fall asleep in anything that moved and he was sleeping on the school bus headed to Davis's second game of the season.  
Ox had told Jack that they were playing one of the worst teams in the basketball league, but Jack didn't trust that any of the teams were bad.  He mostly thought that Davis was just a really good team.  Mr. Roderick had developed some plays specifically designed for Jack during the week of practice, but he still mostly focused on defense and running.  Jack knew that Mr. Roderick was smart with his coaching style.  Keevan, Josiah, and Ox were some of the best offensive players Jack had ever played against and even the twins held their own with shooting the ball, but if the team couldn't stop another strong offensive team then they'd be toast.
Deep down Jack had hoped that he would be worked into the game more this week than he was last week, but was cautious about hoping for something that he wasn't quite ready for.  
Ox was still asleep and was now leaning on Jack's shoulder.  Jack braced himself against the bus window to keep from falling over and looked at the mountains out the window.  The game was north of Denver and Jack had his best view of the mountains on this bus ride than any other time since he moved to Denver.  He was enjoying himself, but was hoping they would get to gym where they were playing soon.
"Excuse me sir...how much further to the gym?"
"Yup."
"Can you tell me how many more minutes?"
"Nope."
Jack felt like he might as well be talking to a wall.  Finally he thought of a question that might help.
"Will we be at the gym in the next ten minutes?"
"Nope."
"In the next fifteen?"
"Nope."
"Do we have at least twenty minutes before we get there?"
"Nope."
"Will we be there after twenty minutes?"
"Nope."
"Will we be there in less than five minutes?"
"Yup."
"Ha.....ahhhhh"
Jack was so relieved and frustrated at the same time.  He looked over at the twins who were sitting across from him.  They were both pointing and laughing at Ox in a good way.  The bus started to slow down and Jack looked out the front windshield and could see a big recreation center ahead.  He looked over at the twins.
"Is that where we're gonna play?"
"Why don't you ask the driver?"
The twins started laughing again.  Jack laughed back realizing that he could have just asked one of his teammates.  The bus came to a stop and Mr. Roderick stood up in the middle of the bus with the assistant coach.  
"We will walk in in an orderly manner...if any student or player gets out of line they will spend time with me in my office on Monday...Got it?"
The bus was filled with a cacophony of "Okay's", "Yes Sir's", and "Got it's".  Mr. Roderick walked off the bus and Jack woke up Ox and the other players followed.  As Jack was walking into the rec center he turned to see the long line of students following the team.  He had no idea that a middle school basketball team would have such a big following, but if they were one of the best middle school teams in the state then he understood why it was such a big deal.  
By the time the team and long line of students entered the gym at the rec center Jack could tell a drastic difference in the quality of the gym at Davis and the quality of the gym they were now in.  The gym had bleachers on each side, an electric scoreboard unlike the manual one at Davis, and a newly varnished and painted court.  Jack also noticed a real player's bench, stainless steel basketball racks, and spring away rims on the glass back boards.  The entire ambience of the gym reeked of wealth.
  Mr. Roderick had the players start to warm up while the students formed a Davis section in the middle of one side of the bleachers.  Warm ups went by quickly.  Cisco was once again assigned to watch the other team warm up in their maroon uniforms with gold trim.  The gym did not fill up completely, but the crowd was fairly large.  Jack knew his mom would be late because of a late meeting she had at work.  Greg was scheduled to coach his team on the same night and Jack was thankful that it was just his mom coming to this game, even if she was coming late.  
When warm ups were over Mr. Roderick called the team into a huddle.
"Listen up boys...We've got a former Davis player on the Tornadoes team...Dante who played for us last year is now on the Tornadoes.  He is an eighth grader now and looks like he has gotten bigger since last year.  He was a starter for us last year gentlemen.  He will know your strengths and weaknesses...I'm sure he's looking to have a big game tonight.  Let's make sure we hold him in check tonight gentlemen.  We're going with a regular starting five...Let's do this!"
Mr. Roderick had the team ready to go and the referee called both teams to mid court for tip off.  Ox easily out jumped Dante and controlled the opening tip.  Keevan brought the ball slowly up the court.  He passed the ball to David who passed it immediately to Ox who was in the paint.  Ox hit a fade away shot over Dante with ease and the Tornadoes quickly inbounded the ball.  Their point guard walked the ball up the court and set the offense.  After several passes and and short dribbles the Tornadoes found Dante wide open under the hoop for an easy score.  Jack thought that even the twins were confused by the way the Tornadoes were passing the ball.
The same back and forth style continued for the next minutes of the game.  The game was tied at eighteen when Davis had made a big stop against the Tornadoes.  Keevan was racing the ball up the floor and passed the ball forward to a streaking Derrick.  As Derrick leapt for a layup he was chased down by Dante who also went airborne and knocked Derrick to the floor with an extremely hard foul.  Jack watched as Derrick writhed in pain on the floor holding his wrist.  Josiah got in Dante's face and was immediately called for a technical foul.  Mr. Roderick had ran out to check on Derrick and Derrick's father had also ran down from the bleachers to check on his son.  
After several minutes Derrick got to his feet holding his right hand and wrist close to his body.  A trainer from the rec center escorted Derrick and his father out of the gym and Mr. Roderick jogged back to the bench.
"Let's go Jack...your in."
It Jack a few seconds to realize that he had to go in and fill in for Derrick.  When it dawned on him what he had to do, he jumped off the bench and ran onto the court.  Jack wasn't sure what to really do, but Mr. Roderick was yelling at one of the referee's that Jack would be shooting the foul shots for Derrick.  Jack stepped to the line and easily made both shots.  The referee then kept all the players on the same side of the court where they were and escorted one of the Tornado players to his basket to shoot two technical foul shots.  The player made both shots and then the Tornadoes were given possession of the ball to inbound it.  
Jack guarded the same player Derrick had been covering.  He was a couple inches taller than Jack, much thinner and had very long arms.  Jack stayed in front of him as best he could, but the player got the ball and drove past Jack for an easy score.  Jack took a deep breath knowing that he would need to step up his game.  
As Keevan walked the ball up the court Mr. Roderick called in one of the plays for Jack to shoot a three pointer.  Keevan called the play.  Jack went to the corner of the baseline and his defender followed.  Ox came over and set a pick for Jack and Keevan passed Jack the ball.  Jack took a fairly open shot and nailed the three pointer.  Jack could hear Keevan holler something and watched Ox race down to the other end of the court.  Mr. Roderick now called in the switch to zone defense.  Jack took his position on the left side of the court.  The Tornadoes passed the ball into Dante who took a shot that was blocked by Ox and picked up by Keevan.  Keevan raced up the court and Jack followed him.  Keevan looked like he was going to drive the ball to the basket with two defenders on him, but quickly turned and passed the ball to a wide open Jack who nailed another three point shot.  Davis had a four point lead and the Tornados called a timeout. Mr. Roderick huddled the team.
"Okay gentlemen...they know what Jack can do from behind the arc so we need to mix it up with a little inside outside game.  Ox...don't be afraid the take control of the paint.  You've got a good three inches on Dante...use it to your advantage...force him to foul you.  Keevan.  Be sure to control the ball and look for Josiah when Jack and Ox are covered or double teamed.  Be ready Josiah...crash the board for rebounds...and David...your brother is fine...keep your head in the game...now let's take it to them gentlemen!"
Mr. Roderick's coaching was all the boys needed for the rest of the game.  Keevan controlled the ball and found an open player on nearly every Davis possession.  Josiah ended up scoring twenty two points the game high; Jack hit another four three point shots and missed two.  Ox controlled the paint and neutralized Dante completely.  By the end of the game Jack was surprised that what started off as a close game ended up being a blowout victory.  Davis won sixty eight to forty five.  The bus ride home was fun as all the other students sang songs Jack had never heard before, but everyone was energized.  
When the bus got back to Davis, Jack's mom was waiting for him and Ox.  Even though Jack had not seen her during the game, she made it to the game just after half time and was all smiles for Jack's and Ox's big victory.

Chapter 21:
 Jack had not seen Derrick all day at school.  He usually ran into the twins in between his third and fourth hour class, but did not see either one of them during the regular time.  As he changed for practice with Ox he wondered if Derrick was truly alright.
"Did you see Derrick today Ox?"
"Nah...I's ain't seein' dem twins til' practice."
"Do you think he'll be back at practice today?"
"Not sure, dem twins is sometimes wit der pa doin' church stuff."
"Well...I hope he's ok."
"Me too...les go...we's got practice in one minute."
Jack and Ox ran out of the locker room and into the gym.  When they walked into the gym Jack saw David stretching out and Derrick with a cast on his hand.  The twins' dad was speaking with Mr. Roderick.  Jack hurried over to mid court to start stretching, but kept on eye on Derrick and Mr. Roderick.  David and Derrick's dad eventually left with Derrick after Mr. Roderick shook his hand.  
"Alright gentlemen gather round here.  I've got an announcement before we start practicing."
The team gathered around Mr. Roderick and instinctively took a knee.
"I just finished speaking with Derrick and David's father.  He has informed me that Derrick has a broken wrist.  It will probably be six to eight weeks before Derrick can play for the team again.  Derrick will start practicing with us tomorrow, but he will be limited to conditioning drills only.  His dad is going to bring in an exercise bike for him to use when we're running plays and practicing defense so that he can at least observe what we're doing as a team...In the meantime we need to figure out how to get ready to play the Bulldogs this week.  I've decided to elevate Jack to the starting team.  Cisco will be our sixth man and Cedric will take Cisco's spot.  I'm also going to run another try out this week to see if we can pick up a couple more players for the bench.  I usually like to have four players coming off the bench, but I couldn't afford to try and develop players who can't pass my running test.  Any player we bring onto this team will still need to pass my running test.  I do not want to diminish the fact that you fine gentlemen passed that test.  Does anyone have any questions about this?"
Jack looked around and most of the boys seemed to be agreeing with Mr. Roderick, but Jack had a question and was sure if he didn't ask it now he wouldn't have another opportunity. He rose his hand and Mr. Roderick called on him.
"Are you sure I'm the one who should be starting Mr. Roderick?"
All the other boys except Ox snickered briefly before Mr. Roderick stared them down to silence.
"Listen Mr. Hampton.  You are hands down the best shooter on our team and I'd be a terrible coach if I didn't give you this opportunity to show what you can do...Now let's go!"
Jack didn't know if he felt his question was answered or not, all he knew was that he had a full week of practice before his game on Saturday.  He felt good that Mr. Roderick placed trust in him, but he wasn't sure if he could trust himself to carry the load of a full game on his shoulders.  Before Jack could think any further Mr. Roderick had the team running up downs and then immediately transitioned into the "hands up" drill.
Practice did not let up the rest of the afternoon and by the end of practice Jack felt the satisfaction of letting go of his worries while being engulfed in basketball.  As he and Ox sat on the public bus on the way home he wondered what it would be like to actually start a game.  He wished he could talk to Ox about his thoughts, but Ox had already fallen asleep and knew that he had plenty of homework to keep him busy once he got home.  He would just have to wait and see what would happen on Saturday.
*  *  *  *
Jack stood at the free throw line with sweat dripping down his face.  He had played the entire thirty nine minutes of the game thus far and there was only a minute left.  He needed to make both free throws to break the tie and give Davis a two point lead.  Jack felt like he had been to the free throw line at least fifteen times during the game.  As soon as he made his first four three point shots the Bulldogs started fouling him if he looked like he might shoot the ball.  He hadn't even had a chance to shoot a three point shot the entire second half of the game, but he was on pace to score forty points in the game, most of those points coming at the free throw line.  
The forty points though didn't matter to Jack.  He wanted to win, he wanted to vindicate himself as a legitimate starter on the Davis team and he wanted to prove that Mr. Roderick had made the right choice by inserting him as a starter.  His scoring has proven this, but his defense had not.
The Bulldogs ran a complicated offense that neutralized the Davis defense.  It was clear that the Bulldogs targeted Jack as the weakest defender on the Davis team and consistently ran plays that took advantage of Jack's weakness.  Davis's offense never really got going because the Bulldogs dictated the pace of the game and really slowed things down.  Jack was the only bright spot because of his fearlessness in shooting the ball and willingness to get fouled.  
Jack wiped his forehead with his hand and wiped his hand on his shorts.  He caught the ball from the referee and stared down the orange rim and white net.  He closed his eyes briefly and took a deep breath, opened his eyes, and shot the ball through the net.  He repeated the same shot a second time and Davis held a two point lead.  
The Bulldogs inbounded the ball and Mr. Roderick called in a trap play.  Jack ran up on the player who caught the inbounds pass.  Keevan shot over to help Jack, but was a second too late and the Bulldogs pushed the ball up the floor.  They started swing passing the ball around the three point line when Jack finally crossed the half court line one of the Bulldogs let go of a three point shot and it bounced off the rim and backboard before finally finding its way through the net.  The Bulldog home crowd erupted.  
Mr. Roderick called in another play, but Jack couldn't hear what it was.  Keevan quickly brought the ball up the court with thirty five seconds left on the clock.  Davis needed a score.  Jack was suddenly double teamed and couldn't get away from both defenders.  Keevan looked at Ox who was wide open, but passed the ball down to Josiah who missed a mid-range jump shot.  Jack was suddenly on fire.  He felt something rage within and ran at the Bulldog player who rebounded the ball.  Jack practically tackled the player and was immediately called for a foul.  Ox somehow deflected Jack's attempted tackle and unexpectedly grabbed Jack with open hands on his face.
"You's ain't bout' to git kicked out dis game!  Got it!"
Jack nodded his head in agreement and looked over at Mr. Roderick who looked like he was about to tell Jack to come out of the game.  Jack walked up the court to see if the player he fouled would make his foul shots.  The player missed the first shot, but made the second.  The Bulldogs were up by two points with nineteen seconds to go.  The crowd got loud again and Mr. Roderick called a timeout.  He brought the team around him and looked at a bunch of exhausted and pessimistic faces.  Then he got to Jack who was red in the face and full of fire.
"Do you have yourself under control Mr. Hampton?"
"I'm fine!"
"Don't yell around me!...Are you under control?"
"Yes sir."
"Good...now we just need one shot to tie this thing up...We need to set a pick for Jack and if he has an open three he can take it or he can get the ball into Josiah or Ox down low for a layup."
Jack tried to bite his tongue, but couldn't.
"Keevan should've passed to Ox on our last possession."
"That's enough Mr. Hampton!...Cisco!...You're in for Jack...now go make it happen!"
Jack could not believe that he was benched after working so hard all game and trying to stand up for his friend.  He watched Cisco go into the game.  Keevan was immediately double teamed on the inbound pass and dished the ball to Cisco.  Cisco raced up the floor and let go a long lob pass to Ox who was being defended by the Bulldogs tallest player.  Jack watched the clock wind down as Ox tried to get separation from the defender.  The clock wound down to five seconds and was quickly approaching zero.  With less than two seconds on the clock Ox fought through the defender and put up a shot.  The ball bounced around the rim before it went through the hoop and the referee blew the whistle for a defensive foul as time expired.  The crowd's cheering fell to a faint whimper.
Ox had a chance to sink a free throw and win the game for Davis.  Jack was tenser than he had ever been.  He knew Ox had a decent chance to sink the free throw, but he wasn't always consistent with his free throws.  All the players except Ox were asked to go to their benches for the final shot.  Keevan bumped Jack's shoulder as he came over to the bench and whispered something under his breath that Jack didn't comprehend.  Jack ignored Keevan and focused his attention on Ox.  Ox got the ball, bent his knees and let go of the free throw shot.  The ball hit the front of the rim bounced in the air and dropped through the net.  Davis had won!
Jack, David, Cisco, and Cedric stormed Ox while Keevan and Josiah jogged behind them.  Ox was all smiles.  Mr. Roderick came out and gave Ox a big pat on the back and then had the team congratulate the Bulldogs on hard fought game.  Jack was so glad his team won, but knew he would have to answer for what he did and it didn't take long.  After the teams shook hands Mr. Roderick came over to Jack.
"Mr. Hampton...what you did today is completely unacceptable.  I saw that Keevan missed Ox and I saw you play an outstanding game until the last minute.  This is a competitive league Mr. Hampton...the most competitive in the state and I will not tolerate behavior like this!  We may have won the game, but you lost your place as a starter on this team.  You're going to have to earn it back...and it starts right now!  While the rest of us change I need you to run five up downs.  When you're done you can come join us."
Jack felt relieved and sick all that same time.  He looked at the ground and jogged over to the baseline.  He started his running while the crowd was still leaving.  Keevan and Josiah intentionally walked right past him on their way out of the gym.
"Guess you'll think twice fore you try to call us out boy!"
Jack kept his head down and channeled his anger on running.  He looked over at the bleachers and saw his mom glued to her seat.  She watched every grueling minute of his post-game run.

Chapter 22:
Jack walked into the gym after a rough Monday back at school.  He still hadn't let go of the incident at the end of the last game.  Ox proved to be a great friend the rest of the weekend and helped keep Jack's mind off of the game by teaching Jack how to clean and fix a furnace.  Jack had no idea his friend was so handy, but realized that he had held jobs and probably needed to learn things like that since he really didn't have parents to take care of it for him.  
But Monday all together was bad.  Jack forgot he had a project due in his social studies class and would have to throw something together after practice to turn it in late and take a one letter grade deduction on the assignment.  Keevan had continued to trash talk every time he saw Jack and Josiah was even brave enough to trip Jack in the hall after lunch.  Jack was beginning to feel like he was going to erupt again, but also realized that if he wanted his starting spot back he would have to do exactly as Mr. Roderick said and earn it.
The gym was full of about fifteen boys and one girl who were running up downs.  Jack couldn't tell who was in the lead on the drill, but the girl was going at a much faster pace than the rest of the boys.  Jack did not recognize the girl from any of his classes, but he had seen her around the school a few times.  Her hair was braided with rippled waves and her skin was the color of a cup of coffee that had a lot of cream in it.  She was taller than both Keevan and Jack and had very long arms.  As she approached Jack on her run back he could tell she had light green eyes and the ferocity in her face that was softened by a set of plush lips.  As Jack glanced back to see if Ox was behind him he got bumped in the back by Keevan.       
"Whatcha gonna do boy!  Go cry to yo mamma?"
"I appreciate that Keevan..."
"Go back with them white folks that love you!"
"Thanks Keevan..."
Keevan scanned the gym and realized Mr. Roderick was not around and then got in Jack's face.
"You ever disrespect me in front of coach again and I'll make you pay!" 
"You disrespected yourself Keevan...and you're the one who started this on the first day of school."
"And you jus' keep it going boy!..."
Keevan took another look around the gym and then blatantly shoved Jack backwards.  Jack's face turned red  he remembered what happened last time he lost his temper, but couldn't supress his feelings.
"Push me again Keevan!...Come on...come and get your pent up frustration out!"
"You wanna throw down boy!"
"Bring it Keevan!"
Jack couldn't help himself and knew that things were spiraling out of control.  Keevan stepped up to Jack and punched him right in the face.  The runners in the gym stopped running.  Jack recovered from the punch and dove at Keevan, tackling him to the ground.  He hit Keevan with several punches before Josiah kicked Jack in the gut.  Jack caught his breath and looked at Keevan who was holding his face in pain.  He went after Josiah, but before he could get close to him Josiah pulled a knife out of his bag.  Jack took two steps back and put his hands up.  Josiah cautiously approached Jack.
"You gonna pay boy!"
Jack's insides dropped to his feet.  He didn't know what to do and then a basketball hit Josiah in the head.  Jack turned to see who threw the ball.  Ox was standing by the basketball rack and started running towards Josiah.  Jack yelled for him to stop, but it was too late.  Ox grabbed the hand Josiah was holding the knife with and wrestled with him.  Before Jack could do anything blood was dripping on the floor.  Ox let go of Josiah who slowly collapsed to the floor.  
Mr. Roderick came running into the gym and saw Josiah and Keevan on the floor.  He used his radio to call the office for an ambulance. He instructed all the students to sit down exactly where they were.  He started yelling for his assistant coach to come out.  Nobody responded.  The wound on Josiah was in his abdomen and Mr. Roderick was putting pressure on it.  He yelled at one of the students to bring him some towels from the gym office.  The towels absorbed a lot of the blood. Less than a minute later the assistant coach walked in the gym.  Mr. Roderick screamed louder than Jack had ever heard before.
"Where have you been?!"
"I uh...uhhhh...what?"
"Your fired!...Get outta here!  I told you to stay in this gym!"
The assistant coach looked like he wanted to help, but retreated out of the gym.  Jack watched Keevan get up from the ground and look terrified when he realized what was happening.  The next several minutes were a blur.  The principal and other teachers ran into the gym and rushed all of the kids out of the gym while some of them stayed to help Mr. Roderick.  Jack was escorted with all the other students into the counseling office.  He could hear the ambulance arriving.  In all the chaos he forgot to check for Ox.  When he realized he wasn't with all the other kids he knew he had either been caught or was on the run.  Whatever it was it didn't matter.  Josiah might die and it was Jack who really started the whole mess.     
*  *  *  *
The counseling office was full of panicked kids sitting on the floor with their faces in their hands, pacing back and forth as if they were awaiting the outcome of a high risk surgery of a loved one, or trying to act under control while holding in a furry of pent up emotions.  Jack was pacing and none of the kids were talking to each other.  A police officer and one of the school counselors was interviewing each of the kids individually.  Jack was surprised that they had interviewed three kids now and hadn't asked to see him.  The fourth kid was being interviewed and Jack saw that the door to the office where they were meeting was beginning to open.  In all that was happening, Jack didn't even notice who was in the room with him.  Cisco came out of the office crying.  The police officer followed Cisco and Mrs. Cordova out into the waiting area.  Mrs. Cordova looked at all the kids with a somber face.
"I want to thank all of you for your help and patience.  Officer Burton and I would like to excuse all of you to go home if you like.  You can call your parents from the main office or if you still need to talk about what just happened Mr. Dickerson and Ms. Faler will be in the room 212 and 213.  You are welcome to go visit with them."
After Mrs. Cordova spoke she very precisely turned around and looked at Jack and pointed to her office.  Jack's heart sunk into his stomach.  He knew that he was about to face the hardest thing he had faced in his short life.
Jack walked back to Mrs. Cordova's office.  As he walked he turned around to see the police officer slowly following him.  When he got to the office he walked in and sat down in one of Mrs. Cordova's chairs.  The chairs were arranged facing each other in a triangular fashion.  Jack felt awful inside and was sure he would either cry or throw up any minute.  The police officer and Mrs. Cordova came into the office and shut the door behind them.  Mrs. Cordova sat down and looked very sorrowfully at Jack.  
"Jack...this is Officer Burton.  He is trying to find out exactly what happened in the gym before practice.  I'm going to let him take over, but I need to be here per school rules."
Jack looked at the Officer Burton sitting across from him.  He had a very robust chest and round shoulders.  The mustache he wore was very thick, but trimmed short and his hair was dark brown.  It didn't look like he had ever smiled in his life and that if you provoked him he might take out his handcuffs, throw you on the ground, and lock you up.
"Why did you fight Keevan?"
Jack looked at Officer Burton dumbfounded.  His worst assumption had come true; the cops already knew what happened.  Jack could either cooperate or get in more trouble.  He felt like protecting Ox, but knew this was one of those times in life when it would do no good to weasel out of a situation.  
"He's been bullying me all year."
"I understand this isn't the first time you fought Keevan."
Jack couldn't believe that Officer Burton knew about the fight in the alley, but he quickly realized the only one who could have told him was Keevan.
"What do you want me say?"
"I want you to come clean about what happened today."
"Keevan hasn't liked me since I started coming to school here.  He's tried to bully me out of trying out for the basketball team, he tried to turn my best friend on me, and he keeps picking fights with me!  When he hit me in the gym this afternoon I hit back!"
"So you admit to fighting him?"
"I admit to defending myself...he hit me square on the jaw and was coming for more so I fought back."
"At what point did you pull a knife on him?"
"What!?...I didn't pull a knife on him...After I took Keevan to the ground Josiah kicked me off of him so I was getting ready to fight him when he pulled a knife out of his bag."
"You're telling me that Josiah pulled out the knife?"
"Yes.  When he pulled it out I started walking away."
"Then how did he get stabbed?"
Jack knew this moment would come...he couldn't figure out if he should tell the truth as he saw it or if he should run away and hide.  He looked at Mrs. Cordova.  She smirked and inserted a comment.
"Don't be a zebra Jack."
Officer Burton looked at Mrs. Cordova suspiciously, but then focused his attention back on Jack.
"How did he get stabbed?"
"When Josiah pulled out the knife, my best friend threw a basketball at him and hit him in the head.  He then ran over to protect me.  He tried to get the knife out of Josiah's hands, but something must have happened because Josiah started bleeding."
"We call that a stabbing...What's your friends name?"
"I'm not sure I should tell you."
"You need to tell me or you'll be in more trouble."
"His name is Ox."
"What's his full name?"
"I don't know...I call him Ox."   
"Do you know who this boy is Mrs. Cordova?"
"He plays on the basketball team, but I'm not sure who he is.  You'll need to ask Mr. Dickerson the eighth grade counselor...he's been with that class since they were in the sixth grade...oh, oh...wait...Do you mean Occidental?"
"What did you just say?"
"Is your friend's name Occidental?"
"I have no idea what you're talking about Mrs. Cordova."
Mrs. Cordova went over to her computer and started typing, she flipped the screen around that displayed a picture of Ox.  She looked at Jack.
"Is this your friend?"
"Yes ma'am."
"Officer...the boy you're looking for is named Occidental Peterson.  He was suspended last year for bringing a knife to school and was a no show for the first month of school."
"Do you have an address on file?"
"Don't bother getting it Mrs. Cordova...Ox is living with me and my mom."
"You mean to tell me the boy that stabbed Josiah is living in your house?"
"No!  The boy who protected me from Josiah is living with me."
Officer Burton looked sterner than he had before the interview started.  Mrs. Cordova looked shocked and Jack felt like he had just given up his best friend.
"How far away do you live?"
"We live across town...my mom brings us to school and we catch the bus home after school."
"Get me the address Mrs. Cordova..."
Mrs. Cordova looked up Jack's file and printed off his address and gave it to Officer Burton.
"Let's go Jack...you're coming with me."
"I don't think he went to my house."
"Then where did he go?"
"He probably went to his garage, he's scared and it's the only place he probably trusts right now."
"Do you know where it is?"
"Yes...it's a few blocks from here."
"Alright...let's go."
Jack wasn't handcuffed, but he felt like he was as Officer Burton escorted him out of the counseling office and into his squad car.

Chapter 23:
Jack's gut wrenched over and over again as Officer Burton's squad car slowly rolled down the alley where Ox used to live.  Jack could see that the garage door was closed and hoped that meant that Ox wasn't there, but instinctively he knew Ox would be hiding out there.  Officer Burton glanced back at Jack who was in the back seat of the squad car.
"I want you to see if you can get him to come out...when we stop I'm gonna let you out to knock on the door...If he's there you need to get him to come out."
"Are you gonna arrest him?"
"I'm going to handcuff him and take him to the precinct for questioning."
"Why doesn't he get to be questioned at the school?"
"Because he left the school." 
"OK...I'll do it if I can come to the precinct with him."
"Fine...but don't try to do anything stupid...I've got two squad cars patrolling the block if he tries to run and then he'll be charged with resisting arrest."
Jack nodded in agreement.  Officer Burton stopped the car and let Jack out.  Jack walked up to the garage and knocked.  At first he didn't hear anything, but then it sounded like someone was shuffling their feet inside and then it came.
"Dat you country boy?"
"It's me Ox."
"Mrs.H out der wit ya?"
"No Ox...it's me and the cops."
"I need you to come out and tell them how you protected me from Josiah."
"I ain't comin' out to no cops."
"Come on Ox...they need to know what happened."
"Call Mrs. H country boy...I's need to be home."
"Open the door Ox."
"I can't."
Jack looked at Officer Burton who was motioning for Jack to open the door.  As Jack reached to turn the handle and lift the door open he heard a thud inside the garage.
"You alright Ox?"
There was no response from the garage.  Jack opened the door as quickly as he could.  Ox was unconscious on the floor with blood running from his side.  Officer Burton rushed over to Ox and checked for a pulse.  He radioed in for help and within ten seconds had two squad cars racing down the alley.  The other officers called for an ambulance and Jack stood frozen looking at his larger than life friend lying on the ground with his mouth open and eyes rolling back into his head.  Jack turned around and did what he had felt like doing since everything went down less than two hours ago; he threw up everything in his system.  
By the time the ambulance arrived the police officers were performing CPR on Ox.  Jack watched as the paramedics raced to put Ox on a stretcher, stick a needle into his arm and load him on the ambulance.  Jack instinctively followed Ox.  After Ox was loaded on the ambulance the paramedics and police had a rapid exchange of dialogue that Jack couldn't follow.  One of the paramedics pulled Jack onto the ambulance and the ambulance raced off.  
The ambulance ride was chaotic and intense.  Every time the ambulance turned or raced ahead it seemed like the paramedics were doing something to Ox.  They started by doing their best to slow the bleeding.  They also attached intravenous fluids to the needle in Ox's arm.  There was also a constant check to his blood pressure.  Still, Ox lied motionless on the stretcher.  
As the ambulance got to the hospital a group of nurses and doctors greeted the ambulance.  Ox was raced off to into the emergency room and Jack just sat in the ambulance.  He felt too scared to do anything else.  He sat for a minute until one of the paramedics noticed him.
"You should probably go inside and wait for your friend."
"I'm not sure I have it in me to do much right now."
"That's normal...you still should go in and see if you can help fill out some paperwork or something."
"I didn't even know his real name until today."
"Why don't I take you in and you can call your parents."
"Yeah...that sounds good."
The paramedic took Jack into the emergency room and found the courtesy phone.  Jack picked up the phone and called his mom's office number.  She didn't answer it so he called their home number.  There was no answer at home.  He tried to remember her cell phone number.  She just got a cell phone a couple weeks ago and Jack wasn't used to the number.  He tried one set of numbers, but it was wrong.  He tried another and his mom answered.
"Hello?"
"Hi mom it's Jack."
"Hi honey...what's up?"
"I'm at the emergency room."
"What?!...where are you?"
"There was an accident at school...Ox is in the emergency room...can you come to the hospital?"
"I'm on my way now...what hospital are you at?"
"I don't know."
Jack turned to the paramedic who pointed towards a sign.
"I think we're at St. Joe's or something like that."
"Is Ox ok?"
"He got stabbed mom."
"What!"
"He was trying to protect me mom...it's my fault...he was trying to protect me."
Jack felt warm tears melt into cold drops along his cheek and they kept coming.
"Did you get hurt Jack?"
"I'm fine mom...but the police think Ox did it on purpose or something."
"What part of the hospital are you in?"
"I'm at the phone in the emergency room."
"Stay there honey...I'm coming as fast as I can."
"I'll wait right here for you."
Jack hung up the phone.  He was in shock.  The paramedic helped him find a seat and then went back to the ambulance.  Jack stared at the wall and relived the chain of events that led him to where he was.  If he had only walked away from Keevan.  If he had just played for Greg's team and not insisted on playing for Mr. Roderick.  If he had not stopped in the alley the first day he was in Denver.  Jack couldn't figure out where he went wrong, but he knew he might lose his friend because of his own stupid decisions.  
After thinking things through over and over again he felt the cold hands of his mother hug him.  She had tears in her eyes and a frantic look in her face.  She asked where Ox was.  When Jack responded that he didn't know she told Jack to stay where he was and went to find out.  She was gone long enough for Jack to get a little more composure.  When she came back she was with a doctor and Officer Burton.
"Jack?...This is Ox's doctor and you already know Officer Burton."
Jack did not know how to respond, but he thought about what Mrs. Cordova had said.  He was not going to be a zebra.
"Hello...is Ox ok?"
The doctor glanced at Officer Burton and Jack mom and then spoke.
"Your friend is going to be fine.  It's lucky you found him when you did...I think you  may have saved his life.  If he had lost any more blood he might not have made it...You are very courageous young man."
Jack didn't feel courageous.  In fact, he felt downright lousy about everything.  He looked up at Officer Burton. 
"Are you gonna still arrest him?"
"No Jack I'm not.  The other kid who Ox protected you from confessed that the knife was his.  He had a small cut on him that bled pretty good, but Ox got the worst of it.  I'll be sure to add in my report to the school that you fully cooperated with me and that you both should be allowed to go back to school."
Jack felt as if a giant weight was lifted off his chest.  In one fell swoop he felt vindicated, relief, and humility.  
"Thank you officer...thank you so much."
"It's my job son...take care and don't get it into any more fights...this is what can happen." 
"I won't sir."
"Jack honey...the doctor says we can go see Ox."
Jack jumped out of his chair and hugged his mom as tight as he could.  The doctor walked them back to the room where Ox was resting.  He had lots of tubes and monitors hooked up to him and it seemed like he was only half awake.
"Hey Ox...how you doing?"
"I's good. Thanks Jack...thank you."
"You welcome Ox...I was really worried for you."
"I's gonna be fine...Doc say I's gonna git ta go home in a day or two."
"Good Ox...Good."
Jack stood next to Ox and grabbed his hand.  Ox squeezed back.  Jack looked over at his mom who had tears running down her face.  She smiled at both of them and Jack knew things would be alright.

Chapter 24:
It had almost been a week since Jack was at school. Despite his mom trying to convince him to switch schools, Jack was convinced that the only way to fight through the hurt of what happened was to finish the school year at Davis.  The school decided to suspend Jack and Ox for five days from school.  Jack thought it was silly the school suspended Ox when they knew he wouldn't be able to come back to school for at least three weeks.  Josiah was expelled from Davis, but Keevan got off the easiest.  He was suspended for two days and was not allowed to play in the basketball game that all four boys missed. 
Jack had not thought about basketball at all since the fight, but he would be forced to face the music in the next few minutes.  Mr. Roderick called Jack's house the previous night and asked Jack's mom to bring him to school early so that he could have a sit down with Keevan and Jack.  Jack's mom tried to insist that she be allowed to sit in on the meeting, but Mr. Roderick was just as tough over the phone as he was in person.  Jack knew that the meeting might decide whether he would be allowed to play ball for the rest of the season.
As Jack walked into the school he felt tense about what was about to happen.  He checked in with the main office who sent him down to Mr. Roderick's office.  As Jack knocked on the door he could see Keevan sitting in Mr. Roderick's office.  Mr. Roderick had Jack come in and take a seat right next to Keevan.  Jack couldn't find the strength to look at Keevan, so he looked right into Mr. Roderick's eyes who was his usual stalwart self.
"Thank you both for joining me this morning gentlemen...As you both know, your actions last week are inexcusable.  Those actions led to the expulsion of one of your teammates and left another one of your teammates in a situation where his life was jeopardized...Now.  Before you say anything...I will have you both know that you will not be allowed on my basketball team until you two make peace and work this out."
Jack felt angered and relieved all at the same time.  He was relieved that he still had a chance to get back on the team and anger that Keevan was being given the same opportunity.  It took a little while for Jack to muster enough nerve to say something.  When he knew what he wanted to say he thought of Mrs. Cordova and her advice to not be a zebra.
"I'm sorry I punched you Keevan."
"Good Jack...Do you have anything to say Keevan?"
Keevan sat with his arms folded, head down, and face scowled.  
"Keevan...would you like to say something?"
"I don't know Coach...I don't know if I can be friends with him."
"I'm asking you to be his teammate Keevan...Can you do that?"
"Not sure coach."
"I see...Jack?  Would you like to say anything to Keevan before I dismiss him from the basketball team?"
Keevan immediately perked up in his seat, but Mr. Roderick put his hand up refuting Keevan's attempt to say something.
"Yes."
"Good...go ahead and tell him."
Jack looked directly at Keevan.  Keevan looked back at him with all the hate in the world cringing around his face.  
"I can't lead this team by myself Keevan...I need you to help me...I need you to be my teammate...We don't have to be friends...but we can win games together."
Keevan's scowl softened and his arms unfolded.  
"I'm sorry Jack...I've treated you like dirt since you got here...I'll play with you if coach allows it."
Both boys turned to Mr. Roderick who had the faintest glint of a smile on his face.  
"I'm glad we got that settled...now you two have a lot of work to do.  We lost terribly over the weekend and we play the Hawks this week.  Are you both up to working together?"
Jack nodded his head and Keevan responded positively too.  Mr. Roderick dismissed them from his office.  Jack walked out in the hallway and headed towards his locker.  Keevan caught up to Jack and stopped him.
"Thanks for saving me Jack...I'll do better."
"We both will do better."
"See ya at practice."
"Yeah...later."
Jack couldn't believe what just happened.  It was almost as if he had been introduced to a totally different kid.  He let out a half smile and got back into his regular routine for the day.   
*  *  *  *
Jack walked into his house exhausted from practice and a full day of school.  Ox was lying on the couch watching some judge show.  When Jack walked in he tried to sit up, but was in quite a bit of pain.
"It's still hurting huh?"
"You know it...dat shank did one number on me."
"Well at least you're resting up."
"What dat Mr. Crazy say bout da team and how be school?"
"Are you ready for this?"
Jack walked over and sat down on the couch next across from Ox.  Ox hit the mute button on the remote silencing the TV.
"What's up country boy?"
"Mr. Roderick made Keevan and I make up with each other."
"Dat fool made up wit' ya?"
"Yup...he apologized and everything...we even led the team in warm up's and drills together."
"What!...dat crazy!"
"I know right...well I guess we lost our game over the weekend pretty bad.  David and Cisco couldn't score like the rest of us can and some of the new kids just didn't know what they were doing."
"Who be new on da team?"
"Well Cisco had one of his friends join the team.  He's tall and can play ok in the paint, but he can't jump.  I think his name is Arturo.  The only other player that's worth anything is that girl."
"What!  You's tellin' me der be a girl playin' for Mr. Crazy?"
"She's pretty good too.  She was trying out the day of the fight I think."
"Dat be Jocelyn.  She be crazy mad at da world."
"That's for sure Ox...but she's pretty good.  I think she'll fill in with Arturo until you get healthy...When do you go back to the doctor?"
"Mrs. H tell me I's got to go Thursday."
"Is she gonna take you?"
"Yeah I's guess so."
"Well your teachers gave me homework for you to do."
"What!  Dat ain't coo'"
"Come on now Ox...you can't sit around and watch TV all day...if you want to stay on the team you've got to keep up with your school wok.  That's Mr. Roderick's rules."
"He still be crazy...I's not sure he gonna let me back and play anyway."
"Why wouldn't he?"
"Cuz dat shank last year and now dis'."
"He knows your innocent Ox.  I'll talk to him tomorrow after practice.  If he let me and Keevan play again I'm sure he'll let you play if the doctor's ok it."
"Well if he go crazy on me den' I ain't playin'."
"Fine...but we need you to play Ox...it's gonna be me and Keevan against the Hawks this weekend."
"We's got Arturo and Jocelyn...we's gonna be fine."
Ox had a sarcastic look on his face.  Jack laughed at him and wished that Ox was well enough to come back to school.  Jack took out Ox's homework and started walking him through the assignments that his teachers gave him to catch up on.

Chapter 25:
Jack walked into the same high school gym the Hawks had held try outs in.  He looked around and already saw lots of people trying to find seats.  Mr. Roderick called the team's attention to the court and had Jack and Keevan start warm up exercise for the team.  Jack looked across the court and saw Alan horse playing with a couple of other Hawk players.  Alan caught sight of Jack and pointed at him while he talked to his teammates.  They all started laughing.  Jack turned away and started calling out the stretching exercises he and Keevan were running.  
The new Davis team was completely different with Josiah and Ox out of the lineup.  All week long Mr. Roderick had the team practice zone defense.  They ran variations of a box 1, 2-3, and 1-3-1 zone scheme.  Jack knew that Keevan and David would be the main cogs to keep the defense intact.  Jack felt like he was getting better defensively, but even Jocelyn had a stronger defensive presence than he did.  
After Keevan and Jack finished stretching, the team ran basic passing and layup drills.  Mr. Roderick did not have Cisco scout the Hawks, all seven Davis players were getting loose, knowing that all of them would be getting some sort of playing time in the game.  Shortly after the team started shooting drills the referee called both coaches and captains to mid court.  Keevan jogged over to be with Mr. Roderick.  Greg and Alan came from the Hawks side of the court.  Jack stood three or four feet off the three point line in hopes that he could hear what was going on.  The referee started the conversation.
"Alright coaches...I checked with the league office and all of the Davis players filed the correct paperwork to compete in this game.  We'll start the game in ten minutes."
The referee walked away.  Jack turned to see Mr. Roderick staring down Greg.
"If you were so concerned about my players legitimacy to play you should've contacted me instead of the league office."
"Look Manley...I just want to be sure that my boys play against a legitimate opponent.  Let's not forget what happened last year."
"You know what Greg...that's pretty low.  Even with the forfeited games we still beat you in the championship game."
"And I just want to be sure that this league has a legitimate champion...Besides, you've got a good friend of mine playing on your team."
Jack looked Greg square in the eye with a petrified look.  Mr. Roderick and Keevan both turned to look at Jack.  Alan chuckled.
"Mr. Hampton plays for Davis...his association with you off the court is none of my business...so do what you need to do when he's not on my team...but he plays for me...got it?"
"Absolutely...I just hope you use him to fulfill his potential."
"I gotta get back to my team Greg...see ya!"
Mr. Roderick walked away from Greg and Alan.  Alan looked and pointed at Jack again with a big grimace on his face.  Mr. Roderick called the Davis team to the circle up around the free throw line.
"Alright team...how's everyone doing?"
Jack looked at the faces of most of the players.  With the exception of Keevan and David, the team looked unconfident and uncertain if they should really be on the court.  
"Let's not worry about that now...The Hawks think they are better than us...pure and simple...their coach thinks that with our current team that we won't beat them.  I can tell you this much...if we don't play as a team...they will beat us.  But you're better than they are.  If you stick together we can beat this team.  We're going to start Keevan at the one, Jack at the two, Jocelyn at the three, David at four, and Arturo at the 5...this team likes to crash the hoop so we're gonna need a good effort from everyone on rebounding.  We'll play a 2-3 zone until I signal a switch...Now let's jog around and get ready for the tip."
Jack's gut told him that the team was about to get clobbered by Alan and the other Hawks, but his heart told him he had a fighting chance.  While they ran a few quick jogs across court Jack couldn't help but look up and see that both sides of bleachers were filling in with spectators.  This would probably the most well attended game he had ever played in.  
By the time the jog was over the referee called for both teams to take places on their benches.  Jack and the other starters strolled out onto the court.  Arturo tipped off against Alan who easily won the tip for the Hawks.  One of the Hawks pushed the ball to a streaking player who scored an easy uncontested layup.  Davis didn't even have a chance to set their zone defense.  
Arturo inbounded the ball to Keevan who was immediately pressured by the Hawks.  He passed the ball David who brought the ball up court and dished the ball off to Jack.  Jack had an open three point look.  Jack heard Greg yelling at his team to cover the open man.  Jack shot the ball and it went right through the net.  
Davis quickly transitioned into their zone defense.  The Hawks slowly brought the ball up the court.  Jack took his position on the right wing.  All of sudden he felt a body behind him and saw the ball passed towards his side of the court.  As he reacted to the ball he ran right into Alan and almost stumbled to the ground.  Alan pinched his back and told Jack to get off his court.  Before Jack regained his balance one of the Hawks was driving around Arturo for another easy layup.  
The Hawks didn't pressure Keevan as he brought the ball up the court uncontested.  Arturo tried to jostle for position on the post, but was getting knocked around pretty good.  Jocelyn had good position on her defender and Keevan passed her the ball.  As she turned to shoot Alan came flying out of nowhere and blocked her shot.  One of the Hawks picked up the loose ball and pushed it up the court for another easy Hawk layup.  Jack had a feeling that the game would either be really close or that Davis would suffer a lopsided loss. 
Before Jack could think through the feelings he was having, Keevan brought the ball back up the court and signaled a penetrate and pass play.  Keevan drove the ball into the paint and then turned and passed to a wide open Jack.  Jack did not hesitate in knocking down another three point shot.  The seemingly imbalanced game was somehow tied.  
Keevan and Jack continued to work the inside outside game against the Hawks through the first half.  Keevan would occasionally find the open lane and score a layup and when the Hawks colllapsed around him he either found Jack or David for an open shot.  Jocelyn even scored two baskets from Keevan's ability to penetrate the Hawks defense.  At halftime Davis was trailing the Hawks by only three points.
Mr. Roderick led the team off the court and into a locker room area affixed just off the gym.  The Hawks did the same thing on the opposite side of the gym.  Jack could feel his lungs burning from the fast paced game, but Keevan looked to be in good spirits as did David.  The rest of the team looked like they could pass out at any second.  Mr. Roderick had them all take a seat and drink some water.  
"We're hanging around in this game, but we have got to slow them down on offense.  David is doing a great job preventing their forwards from really taking it to us and Arturo is holding his own down low...but you gotta watch those fouls Arturo.  You already have three and we still have a whole half of hoops to play.  Keevan...you and Jack are rotating the way I like...but you both need to watch out for the pick and roll play they keep running up high.  Cisco...I don't know what to tell you except stay where you're supposed to be.  David, Arturo, and Jocelyn can't cover the back door pass every time.  And Keevan...nice offense...keep penetrating.  Their guards can't keep up with you and they're biting every time you penetrate the lane.  I'm sure they'll try to adjust to it in the second half.  If they do it should mean that you'll have some opportunities for fade away shots and it might open some back door passes to David.  Jack...I want you to adjust to their defense.  I'm sure that they'll mark you up and that you'll be covered as long as you roam around the three point area.  Follow David on some of his back door screens and try to get open...you'll need to get creative out there...the same shots that were there in the first half won't be there in the second.  The rest of you need to just keep working hard.  Play your positions and don't try anything fancy...Alright...I'm gonna try something new.  We're going to turn out the lights and I'm going to walk you through some breathing exercises."
Jack and Keevan looked at each other a bit befuddled.  David's eyes were wide open, but the rest of the team still just looked exhausted.  Mr. Roderick turned out the lights and with the exception of the light shining through the crack of the door, the room was dark.  Mr. Roderick spoke in a calm and guilt free voice.  Jack wasn't sure if it was really Mr. Roderick, but it had to be him.  He gave the team mellow instructions to slow down their breathing and to free their minds.  Jack pictured himself running around Hawk defenders and hitting jump shots from all over the court.  
When Jack felt like he could almost fall asleep the lights turned back on.  Jack looked around at the rest of the team.  They were no longer exhausted or breathing heavy.  Most of them seemed calm and relaxed.  Mr. Roderick led them out of the locker room and straight to their bench where he reported to the referee that his team was ready.  The clock on the wall still showed a minute and thirty seconds before half time ended.  Mr. Roderick called Jack, Keevan, David, Jocelyn, and Cisco to start the second half.  
After the clock ran out, Davis inbounded the ball.  Jocelyn passed the ball to Keevan.  Keevan penetrated the lane and scored an easy layup.  In perfect order the Davis team fell back into their defensive zone.  The Hawks continued to pick and roll up top and pass down low to find an easy open shot.  Keevan pushed the ball to the hoop with amazing ability.  For the first five minutes of the half, Keevan was the only Davis player to score and he was scoring at will every trip down the floor.  The Hawks finally missed a shot that was rebounded by Jocelyn.  Keevan now had a chance to give Davis the lead.  Instead of penetrating the lane, Keevan pulled up for an open three point shot that bounced off the rim and backboard eventually falling through the hoop.  Davis had a two point lead. 
Greg called a timeout after the basket fell.  Jack glanced down at the Hawks bench.  Greg was red in the face and furious at his team.  He was screaming and yelling like Jack had never seen before.  Mr. Roderick huddled his team. 
"You're doing exactly what you're supposed to...You're taking what they're giving you.  They might start fouling you Keevan...Are you ready to make some foul shots?"
"Yes sir."
"Good!...let's keep after them on defense and don't get lazy on offense.  They will unravel on defense if we keep pressuring them...Alright let's go!"
The Hawks came out and missed another basket.  David picked up the rebound and pushed the ball up to Keevan who took a hard foul from Alan.  Keevan made one of two shots and lengthened Davis's lead.  The Hawks came storming back on the other end of the court.  The point guard passed the ball to Alan who drove to the basket, laid the ball in, and got fouled by Jocelyn.  Alan screamed and pounded his chest after the foul was called.
"That's what I'm talkin bout!!!"
Keevan laughed at Alan in his moment of triumph.
"You think it's funny!  Wait til I take you to the hole!"
"You just got fouled by a girl."
Keevan laughed again.  Alan stopped his antics and went to the free throw line.  He missed the basket and Jocelyn grabbed the rebound.  She passed the ball to Keevan.  Keevan drove the ball into the paint and nearly got tackled by Alan.  Alan jumped up off the floor.  Jack ran over to put himself between Alan and Keevan.  Alan started barking at Keevan.
"Don't bring that trash in my house!"
Jack was afraid Keevan would retaliate.
"We gonna fill up dis' house with trash."
Jack walked Keevan away from Alan.
"He's not worth it Keevan...his Dad is the coach and he's trying to get you kicked out of the game."
"How do you know that?"
"My mom works with his dad."
"Your mom works with the Hawks coach?"
"Yeah...but that doesn't matter...he's a jerk...let him get kicked out...we gotta stay calm."
"Alright Jack...you best find an open shot cause I can't get beat up by this kid in the paint all afternoon."
Jack smiled and ran to take his place for Keevan's foul shots.  Jack watched the scorer's table.  He saw that Alan just committed his second foul of the game.  Alan had probably saved most of his fouls for the second half and Jack knew they would come hard and they would come fast.
After Keevan made both foul shots the Hawks were off running their offense again.  They scored easily and Keevan once again was bringing the ball up the court. Jack was assigned a single defender by the Hawks and no matter how hard he had tried he had been unable to shake the kid.  Keevan slowed down the pace of his dribble and surveyed the defense.  Jack saw David running along the baseline.  He curled to run right by David hoping that he would lose his defender.  Instead he caught a big elbow in the mouth from Alan.  The referee blew the whistle and Alan was called for his third foul.  
Jack ran up to Keevan who was getting ready to hand the ball to the referee for the inbound pass.
"Drive the ball in the lane right at the kid who just elbowed me."
"You mean the same kid that tackled me last time we had the ball?"
"Yeah...he's got three fouls now.  He'll probably foul you to make it four and then his dad will pull him out of the game."
"You better be right."
Keevan took the inbound pass from David and drove the ball straight at Alan.  Alan stepped aside and allowed Keevan to keep driving to the hoop, but got hammered by another Hawk player. Keevan got up and gave Jack a resentful look.  Jack shrugged his shoulders.  Keevan stepped to the foul line and missed both shots.
For the next ten minutes the Hawks took complete control of the game.  Keevan stopped driving into the lane and Jack only got open for two three pointers.  David and Jocelyn didn't do much offensively and Cisco just tried to keep pace with the game.  With a minute left in the game the Hawks had a ten point lead and Mr. Roderick called Davis's final time out. 
"You all played your hearts out today...We've got a couple more possessions to show them what they'll be seeing in the championship game.  Get out there and give it to em!"
Jack watched Keevan sulk his way back onto the court.  He caught up to him as they walked down the court.
"Don't let them do this to you Keevan....you're a better player than anyone on the court...we can cut their lead still."
"You don't get it man...it's not about who's better...it's about them being smarter and having more money."
"Let's just run what we did in the first half."
"Fine Jack...but I'm not gonna get knocked around."
"That's right!"
Jack smiled and ran over to David who also looked unusually down.
"After we score I want you to help me trap their guard.  We can steal the ball...will you do it?"
"Sure Jack...I got nothing to lose."
Keevan took the inbound pass from Jocelyn and slowly brought the ball up court.  After he passed the half court line he turned on the speed and drove hard to the basket.  The Hawks surrounded him, but Jack was forgotten in the drastic change of pace.  Keevan spotted him in the corner and passed the ball.  Jack put the shot up and nailed a three pointer.  Jack smiled and pointed at Keevan.
The Hawks took their time inbounding the ball.  David looked like he was going to head down court, but Jack knew he would come back to help.  Jack jumped on the guard who took the inbound pass.  In less than a second David was back helping Jack.  David swiped the ball away from the guard and Jack picked up the ball.  He dribbled out to the three point line and took another shot that went in.  Davis was now four points from tying the Hawks with twenty nine seconds on the clock.  
The Hawks scrambled for another inbounds pass.  Jack and David were now joined by Cisco as they trapped the same guard again.  This time the guard put up a high pass.  Keevan read the pass and intercpeted it.  He raced up the court and dished the ball off to Jack who was guarded along the three point line.  Jack put up the shot despite having a hand in his face.  When he came down after releasing the shot he watched the ball go through the net.  Davis was within one point of the lead with eighteen seconds left!
Greg called a timeout.  Mr. Roderick gathered his team together.
"What just happened out there?  It doesn't matter.  They're going to try to inbound it and run out the clock.  Cisco doesn't have any fouls.  I want you to run up and foul whoever has the ball.  That should put their player on the free throw line and we'll get a chance to tie it or win this thing...Let's go!"
The only Davis defender not guarding the inbound was Jocelyn.  The Hawks were scrambling to inbound the ball and finally threw the ball all the way down court to a streaking Alan. Alan caught the ball and easily drove past Jocelyn for an easy basket.  The crowd erupted.  Jocelyn took the ball and had to wait to inbound it to Keevan who had to race back to her for the pass.  When he got it there was less than ten seconds on the clock.  
Keevan did his best to shake defenders, but the Hawks were in prevention mode.  Finally he found Jack open just past the half court line.  The Hawks raced to Jack who had two seconds left on the clock.  He could take a desperation shot or pass the ball to Cisco who was wide open at the three point line.  Jack passed the ball.  Cisco fumbled the pass and dropped the pass as time expired off the clock.  Davis had lost two straight games.

Chapter 26:
"Dat was sum game...y'all had dem' Hawks on da ropes."
"I know Ox...we almost had em'"
"Don't git down country boy...you's gonna win next week."
"I don't know Ox...every team is different in this league.  If Keevan gets shut down we might be toast."
"Ain't no fool gonna shut down Keevan...you seen him....he be good...he studpid...but he good."
"Keevan's coming around Ox.  I don't know if he'll ever be able to hang with us...but he's getting better."
"I's guess...you say he cool now...I ain't seen it yet."
"You will when you get back to school...what did the doctor say anyway the other day when you went?"
"He tell me I's got another few weeks yet..."
"Few weeks for what?"
"For me to play again...I's get to go back to school on Monday."
"Well then we need to figure out how you're gonna talk to Mr. Roderick about what happened."
"Mrs. H. already call him...he be comin' for dinner tomorrow night."
"What?...Are you serious?"
"Yeah!...what you tripin' on Jack?"
"I'm sorry...I guess I've just been consumed with that game we just played."
"Is cool country boy...Mrs. H. be workin' tonight so we's got da house."
"Just what I need...a quiet house."
"You wanna call  Amanda?"
"Why would we do that?"
"Cause you likes her."
"She's my friend Ox."
"I's seen dem googoo eyes she look at you wit'."
"When?"
"All game today."
"Did you sit by her?"
"When Mrs. H. drop me off I find a spot and she come find me."
"What did she say?"
"See foo'...you's like her."
"Whatever Ox...let's find a movie or something."
"I's thinkin' bout' calling."
"Would you knock it off...why would we call her?"
"Cause her dad be workin' tonight too...and she don't wanna be wit' her bro's all night."
"Fine Ox...call her...but who's gonna bring her over?"
"She done find a way."
Ox picked up the house phone and dialed Amanda's cell phone.  Jack looked nervous and excited all at the same time.  Ox smiled as Jack heard Amanda answer her phone.
"What up girl?"
"Hey Ox...what's going on?"
"My boy Jack is wonderin' if you wants to come chill wit' us."
"Sure...can you guys come get me?"
"You at home?"
"Yeah...my brothers have some friends over and it's getting kind of lame."
"We's ain't got no way to pick you up...Mrs. H. be out at work wit' da car."
"Well your house is only about a thirty minute bike ride from mine...wanna meet up at the bike path by the reservoir?"
"I's still can't do no exercise...let me check wit' Jack....Jack...she want you to meet her on dat bike path by the reservoir."
"What are you doing Ox?  It's gonna be dark soon.  She won't be able to ride home in the dark."
"We's jus' wait for Mrs. H. to come home...she give her a ride."
"As long as you tell my mom that this was your idea."
"Cool...you got it."
"Manda...Jack gonna meet you."  
"Great...tell him I'll be leaving in about five minutes."
"Aight!  See ya soon."
Jack nervously went out to the garage to see if the bike he saw a couple weeks ago was still there.  When he found it he saw that there was lots of of dust on it.  The tires looked a little worn, but it was in riding condition and the tires were inflated.  He dusted it off and headed out toward the reservoir.
The ride took longer than fifteen minutes.  By the time Jack got there the sun was beginning to make it's decent behind the mountains.  Amanda came riding up to Jack a few minutes after he arrived.
"Hi Jack!"
Amanda looked radiant.  She was wearing plain jeans and a college hooded sweatshirt, but her face was bright and her eyes luminescent.  
"Hi Amanda."
"Do you wanna ride back to your house?"
"Uhhh...I don't want you to ride home in the dark."
"Oh...well my mom or dad can pick me up when I'm ready."
"Okay...I guess we should go."
Jack peddled in front of Amanda.  He occasionally looked back to see her enjoying herself along the bike trail.  Jack hadn't realized that he had climbed so many small hills on his way to the reservoir.  The ride back to his house was much easier and didn't take as long.  It still took about twenty minutes to get back to the house and by the time they got back the sun looked as if it was sitting on the tips of the mountains.  
Jack had Amanda park her bike on the porch and he returned the other bike to the garage.  When they both went into the house Ox was watching football on the TV.
"Hey Ox!"
"What up girl?...Jack found you ok?"
"Yeah...he was waiting for me."
"Cool...what y'all wanna watch?"
"Did my mom pick up any movies at the store this week?"
"Nay...we's just got what here."
Jack opened up the entertainment center where a bunch of movies were kept.
"Looks like we've got some action, some comedy, and some dramatic crap."
"Let's watch something funny."
"Dat be cool."
Jack picked a movie that was supposed to be making fun of other movies.  He started the movie and turned around to see that Ox had moved to the recliner leaving Amanda seated on the couch.  Jack was now forced to sit next to Amanda.  He walked over cautiously and sat on the left side of her because she was sitting in the middle of the couch.  
Jack sat back trying to relax and Amanda sunk back in the couch right next to him.  Jack could feel her shoulder next to his and could smell her tropical shampoo on her hair.  He took a silent breathe through his nose and tried to capture the smell.  Involuntarily he turned his head to look at Amanda. She returned the look and her eyes sparkled.  Amanda softly grabbed Jack's hand and then turned to watch the movie.  Jack felt a flood of emotions rushing through his blood and down his spine.  He didn't know he could ever feel this way.
By the time the movie was over, Amanda was curled up next to Jack still holding his hand.  Jack looked at Ox who had fallen asleep during the movie.  Amanda looked up at Jack and closed her eyes and puckered her lips.  Jack tilted his head and kissed Amanda.  The moment was the mixture of putting your head on soft pillow and sticking your feet in cold water at the same time.  When it ended Jack heard his mom's car pulling into the driveway.  
Jack jumped up off the couch.  Amanda looked at him in confusion.  Jack pointed outside and Amanda jumped up as well.  It didn't take long for Jack's mom to come in the house.  She looked at Amanda and surprisingly smiled.  Just behind her was Greg.  He came in the house and didn't look so happy to see his daughter.
"Hi mom."
"Hi Jack...I see you invited someone over."
"Yeah...sorry about that...Ox wanted Amanda to come over and watch a movie with us."
"Well it looks like Ox didn't make it through the movie did he."
"Nope..."
Greg looked flustered, but then he looked at Gina who was all smiles.
"Maybe I should take Amanda home."
"Don't be silly Greg...why don't you both stay...I'm sure the boys didn't eat yet...did you?"
"Uhhhh...no mom.  We didn't eat."
"Great I'm make up some dinner and then you can go home."
Jack's mom looked dreamily at Greg.  He returned a soft look and they kissed.  Jack uncomfortably looked at Amanda.  She bashfully turned her head as her dad followed Gina into the kitchen to make dinner.

Chapter 27:
Jack felt awkward that his mom hadn't asked about Amanda the entire day.  Instead, she did chores around the house and made early preparations for dinner with Mr. Roderick.  Jack didn't understand why she waltzed around the house and seemed to be in the best mood he had ever seen her in.  Ox and Jack took a short walk after lunch to escape the strange thing that was taking place in the house.  By the time dinner time arrived she continued to be chipper and upbeat.
Jack tried to talk to Ox about Mr. Roderick coming over, but he didn't want to talk about it.  Ox kept telling him that he wasn't worried about basketball; he just wanted to get back to school.  Just before five o'clock Mr. Roderick arrived at the house.  Gina continued to be in a great mood and welcomed Mr. Roderick into the house.  She called the boys to dinner and they uncharacteristically approached the dinner table with caution.
"Thanks for joining us boys..."
Gina looked around and smiled at everyone.  Mr. Roderick grinned at Jack and Ox.
"Mr. Roderick...do you mind if we say grace?"
"Not at all Mrs. Hampton."
"Call me Gina please..."
Gina proceeded to offer a prayer on the food.  Jack thought it was kind of odd that she prayed since they really hadn't prayed over food since they got to Denver.  After Gina finished, Mr. Roderick cut straight to the heart of his visit.
"Thank you Gina for having me over...As you may have guessed I'm really here to discuss Ox's situation with the basketball team."
Gina started dishing mashed potatoes and roast on everyone's plates.  
"Gina tells me that you're on the mend Ox...how are you feeling?"
"I's got some pain still, but it's cool."
"Are you sure about uh...coming back to school tomorrow?"
"Dat's all's I wants right now...I's need school bad coach."
"Good Ox...You're pretty lucky to be alive...you know that right?"
"Yes coach...Jack done save my life."
"I figure you're right about that...so what about basketball Ox?"
"What bout' it?"
"Do you want to play still?  Do you think I should allow you to play?  And...are you healthy enough to play?"
"I's thinkin' to play, but I's got dis' pain and I ain't spose' to exercise for three weeks...right Mrs. H.?"
"Yes Ox...you are on the mend for at least three more weeks."
"Well that's good Ox...do you think I should allow you to play?"
Jack looked around the table as everyone paused to take a bite of food.  Jack could tell Ox was uncomfortable with the situation and Mr. Roderick was sizing Ox up to see his reaction.
"Can I jump in for a minute?"
"Let Mr. Roderick and Ox have this conversation Jack."
Jack's mom smiled after her brief scold and Jack decided that he would keep his mouth shut for the rest of dinner.
"So what do you think Ox...should I allow you to play?"
"You think I's no good Mr. Roderick...I ain't brought no shank last year to school and I ain't doin' notin' but havin' Jack's back when Josiah pull out dat shank again."
"I don't think you're a bad kid Ox...I think you remind me a lot of myself when I was a kid."
"Whatcha mean?"
"I didn't grow up in a great neighborhood Ox...basketball was all I had as a chance to get out of the hood I grew up in.  When I was in high school I was one of the most recognized kids at school.  All the kids knew who I was and for good or bad they wanted me to roll with them.  One day after a big game some of friends offered me a gun for protection.  They said some other thugs were out to get me.  I turned down the gun, but they didn't like that.  before I knew it I was in an altercation with my friends and they were pointing a gun at me.  Luckily the police rolled up and put a stop to the situation, but that was a moment when I might have lost everything.  You're a good enough player Ox that people will try to steal your gift from you...They'll try to steal it by taking your life if they have to.  Josiah may not have meant to hurt you...but you've got to control yourself."
"I ain't gonna let no fool hurt my friend."
"Well Josiah has been expelled from Davis...He can't come to school there and he can't play on the basketball team.  He also is gonna have to do some community service for what happened...but we're here to talk about you Ox...do you think I should allow you to play?"
"I's not sure coach...I ain't feelin' it yet."
"Feeling what Ox?"
"Feeling like playin'."
Jack dropped his fork on the plate.  Ox looked at him ashamed.
"That's ok Ox...if you don't want to play you don't have to."
"I jus' ain't sure I's ready yet."
"You have a good place to call home right now Ox...Gina has promised to take as good of care for you as she can...and you have a great friend in Jack...I'll tell you what...You take your time getting healed up and when you're ready to try basketball again I'll be there to help make it happen."
"Cool, coach...dat be cool."
Jack couldn't believe what he had just heard.  His inspiration for playing at Davis was on the verge of giving up.  Jack didn't want to cause a scene at dinner so he sat and listened to Ox tell Mr. Roderick how he was getting perfect scores in math class and how he enjoyed listening to his science teacher talk about biology and how living things work.  Mr. Roderick seemed more interested in Ox's academic interests than basketball and Jack wasn't too keen on it.  For the first time since he met Ox he felt like he didn't like him, but he knew Ox was going through something he could never understand.  His friend had been kicked out of his own house by a drug addicted mom, lived in a garage and made his own money, got bullied at school, was stabbed by a team mate, and was living with two white people he had only known for a couple of months.  Ox's story was definitely more complex than Jack thought possible.   

Chapter 28:
Jack walked into the gym for practice.  Some of the other players were stretching.  Jack had hoped that Ox would be in the gym, even though he knew that Ox said he was going to hang out in the library and wait for practice to get out.  Jack was struggling with Ox not wanting to play basketball.  He didn't think that Ox was the kind of person to give up on something, especially something he was so talented in.  Every time Jack thought that Ox was really quitting he started telling himself that Ox still needed time to heal.  
After he threw down his duffle bag, Jack started stretching.  Cisco and Arturo were already stretching together and David and Jocelyn were warming up together.  After Jack stretched out for a few minutes Keevan came into the gym.  He looked a little sad, but by the time he got on the court he seemed to perk up a little.  
Before too long all the players had arrived and Jack and Keevan started having the team running their regular drills.  Mr. Roderick came into the gym as the team was running layup drills.  He watched the drill for less than a minute and blew his whistle.  The team gathered around him at half court.  He looked at all of them with a very straight face and then held up several loose pieces of paper.
"Does anyone know what this is?"
Everyone looked at each other, but no one answered.
"These are your current grades in all your classes.  I had a friend remind me that the most important reason we come to school is to get educated...Some of you are not living up to the standard we set at Davis Middle School.  Two of you are failing at least one class and five of you have substandard grades in multiple grades...Does anyone want to admit to having poor grades?"
Mr. Roderick looked around and finally Keevan stood up.
"I'm flunking math...coach."
"Yes you are Keevan...Does anyone else want to share with the team?"
Jack wasn't aware of getting any bad grades, so he looked around.  Pretty soon Arturo stood up with his head looking at the ground.
"I'm flunking coach...most of my classes."
"Thank you Arturo...So we have two starting players who are failing.  Some of you are not maintaining the grades I expect from my team."
Jack looked around at the other players who seemed to be confused by what Mr. Roderick was saying.  He didn't know if he should interject anything, but he decided he needed to.
"What type of grades should we be getting, coach?"
"Excellent question Jack...You all should have a "C" or higher in all of your classes.  I will not tolerate anything less.  We cannot succeed on the basketball court unless we succeed in the classroom."
Keevan looked heartbroken as he continued to stand.
"I will continue to hold practice for those of you who are where you need to be.  The rest of you need to go get help in the library with getting caught up."
Jack didn't think it would be right if some of them were practicing and others of them were studying.  
"Can't we all help each other to get caught up so we can start practicing sooner?"
"If that's what the team decides to do then I'm fine with that decision."
Jack had been looking forward to practicing all day, but the news that Mr. Roderick brought gave Jack a different thought.  He stood up and looked at his teammates.
"I promise to help all of you get caught up in your classes if you promise to keep your grades up and play your hearts out."
The team looked at Jack bewildered with admiration.  He smiled at them and walked to the library.  Keevan caught up to him in the hallway.
"You something else Jack...you coulda been practicing with coach...probably by yourself."
"I know Keevan...but you guys are important to me.  We need to stick together or we're not gonna win any more games.  Besides, Ox is in the library.  He's pretty good at math and science."
"Why didn't he come to practice?"
"He's not sure he wants to play hoops anymore."
"What?"
"Yup...he says he wants to focus on school."
"That's crazy...he be the best player at Davis."
"Did you just admit someone's better than you?"
"You better ain't tell no one Jack...dis between you and me."
"Why don't we see if Ox will help you with your math?"
"Cool...that'd be great."
By the time Jack escorted the whole team into the library he could see lots of other kids hanging out and studying.  The team found a spot in the corner with three tables.  Before the team got settled Ox had come over.
"Whatcha y'all doin' here?"
Jack was relieved to see Ox.
"Hey Ox...coach just sent us up cause some of the team is struggling in classes."
"Well I be done wit' my work...I can help."
"Really?"
"Yeah...dem is still my team."
Jack felt a huge relief lift off his shoulder.  His hope for getting Ox back on the team had just been reaffirmed.  Within a few minutes the team had organized themselves into study groups according to the subjects they were having difficulty with.  Ox worked with Keevan, Cisco, and Jocelyn with math.  Jack worked with Arturo on English and David worked with James and Luther on science.  
After an hour of studying has passed the librarian announced that the library would be closing.  The team started to wrap things up and planned to come straight to the library after school the next day.  Ox said that it would probably take a while before they would be caught up with math.  Jack knew that Arturo was struggling with English because it was his second language and David wasn't convinced that James or Luther would grasp the science material.
Both Jack and Keevan felt like they should tell Mr. Roderick what the team had done and what their plans were for the rest of the week.  Ox decided to go with them since he and Jack would be catching the same bus home.  Keevan thought they should check the security office first.  Mr. Roderick was going over reports as Jack knocked on his door.
"Who's there?"
"It's Jack, Keevan, and Ox sir...may we come in?"
Keevan looked at Jack like he was being to formal.  Jack told him to calm down under his breathe.
"Come in gentlemen...I trust you want to talk to me about practice."
"No sir...we wanted to let you know how studying went."
Mr. Roderick put down his file and looked up at the boys.
"Go on."
"We have decided that we will study in the library every day after school this week and every week after until we all are caught up."
"What time does the library close?"
"Four o'clock."
"Practice will be at 4:15 tomorrow."
Jack looked stunned.  Ox and Keevan both kept a straight silent face.       
"What about...?"
"You're commitment to study is more important than practice...but we still have time after studying to practice for forty five minutes...Can I ask why Ox is with you?  He is not a captain has not been officially welcomed back to the team."
Ox looked at Keevan and Jack who both didn't look like they knew what to say.
"I's helpin' out my team mates wit' math...sir."
"Does that mean you want to play ball again?"
"I's just knows dem needs help in math...I's gonna help em'."
"If you help then you need to also watch practice...I don't have an assistant coach right now and I think you might give me a good extra set of eyes.  Can I count on you to help me out?"
"Yes sir."
Jack felt like shouting YES, but he resisted.
"Very good gentlemen...I'll see you tomorrow."

Chapter 29:
By the end of the week Keevan celebrated passing his first math quiz and Arturo got a passing grade on a short essay he wrote in English.  Ox proved to be so helpful with tutoring the basketball team that other students were showing up for tutoring in the library after school.  Ox recruited a couple of the other smart kids from his math class and had them help out.  The Davis library had gone from a boring place to a hub for learning in a week's time.  
Mr. Roderick changed the pass of practice to focus more on practicing and solidifying the team's defensive schemes and even inserted some basic offensive plays.  Jack challenged the team to show up before school so that they could still get proper conditioning.  Most of the team showed up for the conditioning with the exception of David whose father wouldn't let him come to school that early.  By Friday Ox had joined the team in running, although he jogged at a very slow pace.  Jack felt great about going into their next game.  He knew they would need their best effort to beat the Blue Knights who were thus far undefeated in the league.  The game was scheduled for Saturday morning at Davis.
As Jack woke up on Saturday he felt refreshed and ready.  His mom had told him that Amanda and Greg were coming to the game since the Hawks weren't scheduled to play until later that evening.  Jack hadn't seen Amanda since they kissed, and he was really looking forward to seeing her again.  He hoped they'd have some time to hang out after the game and he wanted to be sure that a bad game wouldn't spoil their time together.  With those thoughts he focused on the hard work his team put in during the week and got ready for the game.
The Davis gym was packed as Arturo faced off against the Blue Knights center for the opening tip.  The referee flipped the ball into the air and Arturo got and excellent jump on the ball.  He tipped it to David who grabbed it and passed the ball to Keevan.  Keevan slowly dribbled the ball past half court and set the offense.  Jocelyn set a screen for Jack, Keevan found Jack with a quick pass and the ball sailed through the net for an opening three point basket.  
Mr. Roderick yelled for the defense to press the Blue Knights.  Jack and Keevan pounced on the guard who received the inbounds pass.  Jack somehow swatted the ball away and Keevan picked it up and took the ball in for an easy layup.  Davis had jumped out to a five point lead and Mr. Roderick yelled for another press.  This time David intercepted the inbound pass, took control of the ball and drove the ball in for another layup.  
The Blue Knights looked confused and frustrated.  Arturo saw the center for the other team race down the floor.  Arturo followed him.  The inbound pass was launched down the court, but it didn't travel far enough to reach the Blue Knight center.  Arturo picked up the ball and passed it to Jocelyn who was the closest player.  She dribbled the ball up the court and passed it to Keevan.  Keevan took advantage of a seam in the Blue Knight defense and scored another layup.  Davis was winning nine to nothing.  The Blue Knight's coach called a timeout and Mr. Roderick had his team huddle together.  
Jack looked around at his team as they huddled.  Not one of them looked out of breath and the excitement of scoring a quick nine points didn't seem to phase any of them.  They all had intensity on their faces.  Mr. Roderick gathered them in close.  
"This is what strong defense does...nice hustle out there...let's keep pressing them until they figure out how to beat our press.  I'll signal you when it's time to take it off...Let's go!"
Davis continued to press the Blue Knights the entire first half.  At half time the score was forty two to fifteen.  Despite the lopsided point total, the Davis team maintained their intensity in play through the second half.
Mr. Roderick had them stop pressing the Blue Knights in the second half, but the Blue Knights still struggled against the tight Davis defense.  Keevan and David were the primary scorers as Davis forced multiple turnovers during the game.  Jack was an afterthought in the offense.  Arturo matched up well against the other center and scored eight points.  Jack focused on defense and had nine steals by the end of the game.  
When the game ended Jack looked up at the scoreboard and was shocked to see that Davis had won by a score of seventy one to thirty eight.  He felt a faint smile growing on his face, but then he looked at the rest of the team who looked like they were just taking care of business as usual.  
*  *  *  *
Jack sat on a set of bleachers with Ox to his left and Amanda on his right. The Hawks game was getting ready to tip off.  Amanda reached over and took Jack's hand and held it.  He blushingly looked at her.  She smiled back and squeezed tighter.  Jack glanced over at Ox who was chuckling and shaking his head.  
"You's got ta watch dis' game Jack...you promised Mrs. H. dat's what we come to do."
"Relax Ox...we're watching the game."
"I's thinkin' you's watching yo hand."
"Knock it off Ox...we're gonna watch...right Amanda?"
"Yes Ox...we're here to watch the game...and if I hold Jack's hand at the same time so be it."
"I see how you is girl...you wants yo man."
"No...I just want to be close to Jack tonight...I haven't seen him all week."
"Dat's cause Jack be a crazy person...he got us runnin', studyin', and practicin' all day."
"Is that true Jack?"
"Yeah...kinda...Coach made us start studying before practice which cut into some of our conditioning time...I've got most of the team running with me before school every morning.  By the time we finish study hall and practice and then get home...it's pretty late and we eat dinner and pretty much collapse."
"Well that explains why you're asleep every time I've called this week."
"You called me this week?"
"Yeah Jack...you think you're gonna get a kiss and then just walk away from a girl?"
"I didn't just walk away...I just haven't had time...honestly."
"I trust you Jack...I just wish you had a cell phone or something so that I could at least text you."
"My mom can't afford it right now...maybe you should tell me what nights you're gonna call and I can stay up to talk."
"I'm never sure when I'll have time..."
Amanda smiled sarcastically at Jack.
"Very funny...how about you call me on Wednesday nights?"
"I suppose I could...but what if I want to call another night too?"
"You can...but I promise I'll be awake on Wednesday nights."
"It's a deal..."
The Hawks game was under way and Jack continued to feel Amanda's soft and warm hand.  He glanced at Ox who was studying the game pretty closely.  Alan was hustling pretty hard and the other Hawk players looked to be in a particularly good groove.  Jack tried to figure out what they were doing on offense, but it just looked like a bunch of guys flying around from up on the bleachers.  He wondered how he ever found his way around everybody out on the court.  
Amanda cheered for Alan after he scored an impressive layup against two defenders.  He somehow heard her through the noise and smiled until he saw Jack and Ox.  His smile faded into a deep scowl.  Jack looked over at Amanda.
"I guess we just ruined his night by being here."
"He needs to get over it Jack...I think he's just jealous that he can't shoot the ball as well as you...and my dad can't stop talking about your games after he watches you play...it drives Alan crazy.  My dad's also not that nice about Alan when we're at home by ourselves...he only compliments him in public."
"Your dad is a mystery to me."
"What do you mean?"
"It's like he has at least two personalities...really nice and really pushy."
"I'm not following."
"Well...like when he's around my mom he's super nice...always smiling and doing nice things...then I saw him get into it with my basketball coach before we played each other...it's like he gets possessed or something."
"He just loves basketball Jack...he wanted to play pro so bad...he tried out for several teams and actually made it onto one team...but three weeks into the season he broke his ankle in a practice and was never invited back...by the time he rehabbed he couldn't get anyone to give him another shot...that's why he went into business and he's done really well."
"That's not a secret Amanda...your family has more money than I've ever seen."
"My dad's just a bit complicated...that's probably why my mom left."
"How is your mom?"
"She still comes over to pick up the boys...she keeps asking me if I want to go, but I tell her no...I'm not sure I can get past what she did to my dad."
"Your dad's getting over it though...look at how happy he is with my mom."
"I know I shouldn't say this...but I think my dad is just happy about the idea of your mom."
"Come again."
"He likes your mom fine...but he likes the idea of being close to you Jack...I think you remind him of himself."
"How do you figure?"
"My dad was pretty poor growing up and all he ever did was play basketball...his mom and dad didn't spring for fancy basketball leagues or shoes...he had to earn it all on his own...when he tried out for his high school team his high school coach had no idea who my dad was because he wasn't involved in any youth leagues...of course after he learned some fundamentals he was one of the best players in the state and got to go to college on a full ride basketball scholarship...I think he sees some of himself in you."
"He should probably look harder to see it in his two boys."
"My brothers are pretty spoiled Jack...they don't want things as bad as other people."
"But you're different...what makes you different."
"I don't know...I had to ask my parents to get involved in the things I'm involved in...I've had to teach them about my sports and educate them...my brothers have always just had things handed to them and were expected to be great ball players."
"How come your dad didn't want you to play basketball?"
"He did...when I stood up to him and told him I didn't want to play he took it hard...and when I asked to be in things like swimming and softball he told me no several times.  Finally he gave in...so I guess I've had to fight for some things too...just like you."
"You know a lot about people."
"My dad says I have an old soul...I guess he's right."
"Well you have a young face."
"Thanks Jack...but that's not gonna get you another kiss."
Jack laughed and put his arm around Amanda.
"You's two needs to take dat outside...I's tryin' to watch da game."
"Who's winning Ox?"
"Dem Hawks...dey up good and Alan be playin' hard."
By the end of the game the Hawks had put up sixty four points in a solid victory.  Jack's mom had told them to be outside at seven thirty, they still had about fifteen minutes before she would be there.  Amanda wanted to go congratulate Alan.  Jack decided it would be best if they said goodbye on the bleachers.  He didn't want to interfere with Alan celebrating.  Amanda gave Jack a big hug and trotted down the bleachers.  Ox and Jack walked down the bleachers towards the exit.  
As Jack walked towards the exit of the gym he could see that Alan and Amanda were arguing rather than celebrating the victory.  Jack turned to walk over to them.  Ox grabbed him.
"Remembers what happened wit' Josiah Jack."
"Your right Ox...I'll stay out of it."
Jack suppressed the urge to go rescue Amanda and turned and walked out to the parking lot to wait for his mom.  Ox and Jack were outside for about five minutes when Alan and several of his teammates came out of the gym.  They were walking in the opposite direction of Jack and Ox, but Alan diverted their intended path and came straight towards Jack and Ox.  Ox put his hand on Jack's shoulder as Alan approached.
"Stay away from my sister loser!"
Ox clamped down on Jack's shoulder pretty hard.
"Did you hear me loser!?"
"I'm not deaf Alan."
"You touch her again and I'll hurt you!"
"Aight Alan...dat be cool...we's gonna leave yo sista' alone."
"I ain't talking to you freak!"
Jack felt his face burning and his fists clenching.  He didn't want to get into another fight, but Alan was pushing all the right buttons.  Jack felt like he needed to protect his pride of lions.
"Walk away Alan."
"Or what?  Midget!"
Alan turned away and then spun back at Jack and launched a mangled pile of spit right into Jack's face.
"Go back to the gutter...white trash!"
Jack was stunned that Alan hadn't taken a swing at him.  He knew he shouldn't say or do anything, but his heart was pounding and his adrenaline was rushing.
"Talk to me like that again and I'll take you down!"
"Get your trailer park mom and hobo friend out of my family's life!"
Jack didn't think he could restrain himself anymore.  Ox had both of his hands clamped down on Jacks' shoulders and Alan was not showing any signs of letting up.  Just when Jack felt like tearing away from Ox a big SUV with bright headlights pulled up in front of the boys.  The other Hawk players jumped in the SUV and Alan slowly walked away from Jack and got in.  
"Don't be doin' nothin' stupid Jack."
"That idiot spit in my face and you didn't let me do anything about it."
"You's got ta learn yo lesson Jack...fightin' ain't no good...dat's why I let my talkin' be done on da court."
"I thought you were gonna give up on basketball?"
"We be seein' soon."
Jack shook off the anger that was bottled up inside and within a minute or two his mom had arrived to take him home.

Chapter 30:
  By December the Davis basketball team had fully returned to their winning ways.  They had won five games in a row and were positioned to make a run at post season play in January after the holidays.  Jack had never been more excited in his life than he was during the last several weeks.  
Jack and Keevan had developed an unusual camaraderie on the court.  Other teams were referring to the two Davis guards as the "Dynamic Duo" and there were some whisperings about them being the best tandem of guards in the history of the league.  The last two games Jack played in there were several high school coaches from the Denver area watching their games.  The only thing that was missing from the team was Ox.
Ox continued to work out with the team on their conditioning in the early morning, but he couldn't get over the stab wounds.  The doctor's had said the wounds had healed fine, but Ox still had pain when he ran.  Jack tried to convince him to go back to the doctor to see if they could do something, but Ox kept telling him that something just didn't feel right.
Jack was convinced that Ox had given up on basketball, but something inside told him not to give up hope.  After school was released on winter break, Jack had formulated a plan to help Ox.  Amanda had told him about some exercises that people do in swimming pools to help them feel less resistance when they recover from injuries.  Jack's plan was simple.  He was going to get Ox to go to a pool with him and have him run in the water.  The only problem was that Ox was afraid of swimming pools.  
After several days of begging and pleading, Jack finally got Ox to go with him to the pool where Amanda practiced.  She had agreed to meet them after her practice and show Ox how to use the water to help the pain.  
As the boys waited for Amanda to finish practicing, they marveled at the indoor pool facility.  Amanda practiced in an enclosed area with an olympic sized pool.  A whole separate area divided by a giant glass wall had two water slides, a dozen fountains, a baby pool with tons of toys and contraptions, and a circular pool that had a current flowing in one direction.  Ox was too dumbfounded to say anything.
"What do you think Amanda will have us do?"
"Dunno."
"It's gonna be fine Ox...Amanda is a great swimmer and I learned how to swim back at the swimming hold in Kansas.  Nothing like this...but I can swim."
Before too long Amanda found the boys.  She was wearing a one piece bright blue racing swimming suit with a white swimmers cap on her head.  Ox looked at her like she was an alien.
"Hey Amanda."
Jack stood up and gave her a hug.  He thought about how bad he wanted to kiss her again.  He couldn't believe that even though she let him hold her hand, they had only kissed the one time at Jack's house.
"Hi Jack...you ready Ox?...Let's get you better."
Ox shook his head as he sat down.  Amanda sat down next to him and turned his face to look at her.
"The water is not going to hurt you Ox...You are going to be completely safe with me...Look over there...now look over there...those are life guards Ox...there job is to make sure everyone is safe...you don't have to worry."
Ox slowly nodded his head and stood up.  Amanda lead him to the circular pool with the current.  There was a set of stairs that gradually descended into the pool.  Amanda took Ox by the hand and slowly brought him down the stairs.  Jack followed a little bit behind them and prayed that Ox would trust Amanda.  Step by step Ox found his way into the pool.   Amanda stood in front of him and gave him a big smile.
"See Ox...you can do this...it's warm and relaxing in here...all we're going to do is walk around this pool in the same direction as the current.  It's just like an easy stroll in the neighborhood."
Jack was impressed by how calm Amanda was and was even more impressed that Ox was actually following her.  Amanda walked backwards in the pool and held both of Ox's huge hands.  Jack thought it was kind of funny to see someone so big be so uncertain about something, but he figured that Ox must either really want to play basketball or he really trusted Amanda.
By the time Ox had followed Amanda around the pool four or five times he seemed to be a bit more settled about the water.  Amanda had Ox put his hand on her shoulders and she put her back towards Ox and started walking.  Ox continued to follow her around the pool another four to five times.  When that sequence was done, Amanda stood side by side Ox and he walked around the pool by himself.  When they came back to the set of stairs Amanda had Ox grab onto the rail.
"Do you feel adjusted to the water Ox?"
"I's think so..."
"Are you ready to try to do the thing that will make the most difference in getting you better?"
"Does I gots to go under water?"
"Nope...it's just walking, but this time we're gonna go against the current."
"Dat's cool."
Amanda had Ox follow her as she walked against the current.  Ox seemed a little uncertain at first, but after several times around the pool he found his stride.  He was using his long legs and strong frame to push past the oncoming water.  Jack followed all the exercises, but he and Amanda couldn't keep up with Ox for very long.  Pretty soon he had lapped them in the circular pool and was even beginning to look like he was enjoying himself.  Jack took Amanda by the hand as they walked.  He was so thankful that she had been there for Ox.  
Ox and Jack continued to visit the pool almost every day over winter break.  By the time winter break had finished, Ox told Jack he felt like he could start running with the team before school in the mornings.  Jack had been given the best present of all that break, hope that his best friend might play basketball again.

Chapter 31:
Jack got out of his mom's car and could feel a chill in the air.  Ox looked up in the sky and had a look of apprehension on his face.  Jack's mom rolled down the window and called for Jack's attention.
"If this storm really rolls in tonight then I want you come home right after school...don't go to practice...it's more important that your safe...Greg said the bus drivers do better in winter driving...so come home."
"Sure thing mom..."
Jack walked into the school with Ox who brought his running shoes for the team's first early morning run of the New Year.  Jack had been running everyday over the break, he felt like he was in the best shape of his life and was chomping at the bit to get back on the court.  Because of the cold weather that was moving in, the team decided to run inside the school.  When they all had gathered together outside the gym, Jack and Keevan led the team in a slow jog to start things off.  Ox was almost a second thought to the rest of the team as he joined in the jog.  It didn't take long before the jog turned into a run and Jack turned around to see that Ox was keeping pace with everyone.  The team ran around the school several times and even went up and down a few flights of stairs.  By the end of the run Ox had kept pace with the team and Jack looked at him with a huge smile on his face.  
Jack looked at the rest of the team, it seemed liked everyone was happy to be back at school and determined to keep playing good basketball.  They congratulated each other on a productive run and proceeded to get ready for the school day still ahead of them.
Jack kept an eye on the weather outside when he could.  By lunch time the snow was flying and the streets were covered in snow.  At the end of the school day the snow was coming down harder and the principal announced that all after school activities would be cancelled.  Jack was disappointed he wouldn't be able to shoot hoops with the team and was even more disappointed that Ox wouldn't be able to participate.  
Jack met Ox at the front doors of the school after the the last class of the day.  Kids in the hall were talking about there being a snow day the next day and Jack started to worry that his team wasn't going to get any practice in before they closed out the season.  Despite the boisterous noise in the hallway, Coach Roderick's voice suddenly came over the school intercom.  
"The Davis basketball team will have a short meeting in the gym in five minutes."
Jack's heart leapt. Maybe Coach Roderick decided to hold practice anyway.  He looked at Ox with a big smile.
"Don't be givin' dat smile at me country boy...yo ma said no practice."
"Coach said it was a meeting...not practice."
Ox rolled his eyes at Jack and started walking towards the gym.  The boys walked against the flow of traffic attempting to exit the school.  When they got to the gym most of the team had arrived and was sitting on a set of bleachers that had been pulled out.  Jack and  Ox joined the team.  After the other players arrived Coach Roderick came into the gym.  He walked directly towards his team and stood large and tall in front of them. 
"As you know...the principal has cancelled practice today.  The other teams we play against will still probably have practice, but we are cancelled for today.  I've gone over the standings in our league and spoke with the league office over break and need to let you know what we're up against...The league found out about the incident with Josiah and Ox.  Because Josiah was arrested on criminal charges we have been forced to forfeit the games Josiah played in."
Jack's heart sank to his feet.  Keevan pounded his fist onto the bleacher and the rest of the team started to grumble.
"We had already locked up one of the post season tournament spots before this ruling occurred.  Know we have to win our next two games and get some help to make the tournament...I know that this seems unfair, but it teaches us a lesson that it matters how we conduct ourselves both on and off the court...So here's the plan for practicing this week."
Jack was relieved that Coach had a plan, but still felt unsettled about everything going on.
"The weather is really bad today.  I want all of you to go home and do your regular stretches like we do in warm up.  I also want you to do jumping jacks for fifteen minutes, do 100 sit ups, do 100 pushups, and then I want you to do your homework.  If school is cancelled tomorrow we will have practice at 10am at my house."
Coach Roderick started passing out a half sheet of paper with directions and a map.  It also had bus route information.  Jack looked at it and was surprised to recognize that his house looked like it was in the same neighborhood as Amanda's dad's house.  
"This is not a mandatory practice...if you can't make it I understand...and it's only going to happen if school is cancelled.  If you do come...be prepared to work hard.  Now get home and I'll either see you at school or at practice."
Coach grinned and raised his eyebrows at his team.  Jack and Ox walked out of the gym with their slips of paper.  Jack kept looking down at the map.
"Do you think this is by Amanda's house Ox?"
"Boy...you gots to stop thinkin' bout dat girl."
"I'm not thinking about her...I'm thinking about Coach's house.  If he lives by Amanda it means he's got a pretty big pad."
"Coach done play pro hoops...course he got a tight crib."
"Well I just never thought of it that way."
"You dense sometimes country boy."
Ox shoved Jack and laughed at him.  Jack pushed him back.  They rumbled their way to the front doors of the school and bundled up for a cold bus ride home.
*  *  *  *
Jack didn't believe the weather report he watched a few hours ago.  The snow had not stopped overnight and it was still coming down as he gazed out the bus window and wondered how he and Ox would handle the half mile walk in the snow to Coach Roderick's house.  He was also hoping he would catch a glimpse of familiarity and figure out how close they would be to Amanda's house.  He didn't expect Ox to understand how he felt about Amanda, but the more he thought about her the more his confidence rose.  
Ox nudged Jack's arm and the boys stood up to get off at the next stop.  The bus driver peered in his large rear view mirror to see that the boys wanted off.  He called back to them.
"You boys want to get off at Elm or Walnut?"
Jack looked down at the map and the bus directions Coach Roderick had given them.  He saw that the bus directions said to get off on the Elm stop, but then noticed that on the map he could possibly save himself some walking time if he let the bus take him up a couple extra blocks to Walnut Street.  
"Walnut will work."
"You got it."
The bus driver continued to plow through the white mess of a road and pulled off to the corner of Walnut Street and let the boys out.
Jack was hit with an awful gust of wind and snow as he stepped off the bus.  Ox had practically pulled his hat over his eyes and zipped up his jacket to his nose.  He could've passed for an Eskimo.  The boys crossed the street and followed the directions to Coach Roderick's house.  They slipped and slid the whole way there, but made it before they were completely frozen.
When they got to the house Jack was surprised by the size of the house.  It was much larger than Amanda's house and yet somehow it looked more plain and boring than Amanda's.  Off to the side of the house, Jack could see that the house was built on a hill and that the house extended across a good portion of the lot it sat on.  Jack and Ox hurried up to the door and rang the bell, they waited several minutes before they heard footsteps come to the door.
As the door slowly opened a tall dark woman in a pink silk bath robe with sleepy green eyes opened the door.  Jack thought she looked like a famous actress who had her picture taken at precisely the wrong time.  Ox tilted his head as if he were almost repulsed by the woman.   
"Can I help you?"
"We're here for Coach Roderick's practice."
The woman turned around and yelled up the stair case adjacent to the front door.
"Manley...your boys are here!"
The woman turned her back to Jack and Ox and walked off into the massive house.  Jack took off his jacket and shut the front door.  When he peeled off enough layers to look at his watch he realized he and Ox were a half hour early to practice.
"Ox...we're early."
"Dat cool...maybe Coach give us a tour?"
"I think we better just take off our wet clothes and wait."
"Aight."
Jack and Ox waited for about ten minutes before Coach Roderick came down the stairs.  He was dressed in a warm up suit and had tennis shoes on.  Ironically, this was the first time Jack had seen him in something other than his security uniform or a polo shirt, slacks, and loafers.  
"How are you gentlemen?...besides early?"
"Fine coach."
"I be good."
"Do you plan on practicing with us Ox or are you just here to watch?"
"I run wit da team yesterday...I's thinkin' bout playin'."
"Great...if you go down to the very bottom of the stairs you'll find our practice area.  Why don't you go down and get familiar with it...oh yeah...you might need this to find the light switches."
Coach Roderick tossed them a small flashlight and the boys ventured off down the dark winding staircase.  Jack couldn't tell where the staircases lead to, but the further down the stair case they descended the darker it got.  It didn't take long for Jack to turn on the flashlight.  After several turns and more steps than Jack thought should be on a staircase in a house the staircase ended.  The floor they were standing on felt like an exercise surface.  Jack started pointing the flashlight in different directions.  At first it looked like all he could see were some treadmills and exercise bikes, and then he saw a weight set.  He started to worry that practice was going to be spent exercising in Coach Roderick's basement.  Suddenly, as if it appeared out of thin air a long row of light switches appeared on the wall in front of Jack.  The switches were all turned off.  Jack quickly turned them on thinking that the exercise room was about to come to life.  As expected, the room was illuminated with weight machines, cardiovascular exercise equipment, and other equipment you might find in a fitness center, but as Jack turned around he saw thick glass wall that climbed most of the way up the stair case.  Behind the glass was beyond anything Jack expected.  It was a full length, regulation basketball court with glass backboards and break away rims.  Jack's jaw felt like it was going to drop.  
"Dat be tight!"
"Did you know he had this in his house?"
"Naw...I aint callin' him crazy no mo'."
"Let's go warm up!"
Jack and Ox went through a glass door and started stretching out and getting used to the feel of the court.
"How do you think he afforded this?"
"He play pro."
"I guess I better figure out how to make it pro...this is nice!"
"You ain't goin' pro less you get some hops."
"I've got the distant dagger...you can crash the inside all you want."
"You wanna go one on one country boy?"
"Let's do it!"
Jack and Ox jumped up and got right into a one on one game.  Jack was much quicker than he used to be and Ox was still recovering from his injury, but from the outside of the glass they looked like a couple of kids playing a pick-up game in the street.  Jack had shot four three pointers over Ox and Ox had scored four lay-ups when the rest of the team started arriving.  They ended their impromptu game and started stretching with the rest of the team.  
Halfway through stretching Coach Roderick came onto the court.  He walked around with a near smile on his face.  All members of his team had made it to practice and looked to be in good spirits as they warmed up.  At the end of warm ups the team broke into their drills. The team looked like they were running the drills with more enthusiasm than usual.  Coach Roderick called them to half court when the drills ended.
"Welcome to my home court gentlemen and lady."
Coach Roderick nodded to Jocelyn.
"I want you to know that you're the first team to visit my home court.  This court is where I practice.  I have never had anyone play on it except me.  Some cultures and people have temples or synagogues where they meditate and worship.  I have this court.  Please respect it as a special place for me.  We are going to try something different today.  I want to scrimmage.  As you can tell my court has a clock and buzzers.  I will referee the game and Keevan and Jack will captain each team.  I don't believe in picking teams like they do in the school yard, so I'm picking the teams.  Keevan will play with Ox, Jocelyn, and Leon.  Jack will play with David, Arturo, and Cisco.  I know it's four on four, but we're going full court and I'm calling fouls, but there are no foul shots.  Let's go!"
Coach Roderick passed a ball to Jack.
"You get the ball first."
Jack was a little worried about the scrimmage.  Coach had never made practices competitive before and this seemed a bit awkward.  Jack took the ball out of bounds at half court and inbounded the ball to David.  David passed the ball back to Jack.  Before Jack knew what to do with the ball Keevan had stolen it out from under him and scored a lay-up.  Jack smiled as Keevan hollered after scoring.  David inbounded the ball to Cisco who quickly brought the ball up the court.  Jack felt more comfortable if he wasn't dribbling the ball.  Cisco passed the ball down to Arturo who was being double teamed by Ox and Jocelyn.  Jocelyn pried the ball loose from Arturo and Leon picked up the ball and passed it down court to Keevan.  Leon's pass was short and intercepted by Jack.  Jack raced the ball up to the three point line and nailed a basket.  Jack mimicked Keevan's holler and Keevan laughed out loud.
Coach Roderick allowed the scrimmage to go on for nearly thirty minutes.  Keevan was by far the fastest player on the court and dominated his team's possessions with driving lay-ups and easy passes to Ox who looked solid back on the court.  Arturo guarded him pretty well, but it was evident that Ox was slowly working his way back into things.  Jack on the other had his team run a slow paced offense.  Cisco controlled the ball fairly well and Keevan wouldn't leave Jack alone on defense.  Cisco, David, and Arturo worked a pretty good pick and roll game and Jack got involved when he could shake Keevan.  Even though the court has a scoreboard, score was not being kept.  When the scrimmage came to a close both teams were winded.  Coach Roderick called them together.
"Take a knee...that's some good work out there.  You all can probably tell that Keevan is an exceptional player.  You might have also noticed that Jack knows how to adjust the team out on the court to penetrate a tough defense and lead by working hard.  I didn't know you could handle the ball so well Cisco!"
The players chuckled.
"I think we'll try to find you some playing time these last two games.  Nice job for your first time back Ox."
The players started clapping and giving words of encouragement to Ox.
"It's good to see that you are still a premiere defender David.  Arturo...you looked solid down low today and Jocelyn is learning how to compliment you on the post.  And Leon...Leon, Leon.  You run like crazy, but we've got to work on passing and ball handling.  After we take a break I want David to work with Leon...focus on defense and passing the ball. I'm going to work with Ox, Arturo, and Jocelyn.  Keevan is going to teach Jack and Cisco how to drive the ball down the lane.  Any questions?...Great, there should be some Gatorade and snacks in the fridge by the exercise room."
The team raced to the refrigerator.  After the break the team broke into smaller groups and practiced what Coach Roderick had asked.  Jack could sense that the team was pushing themselves beyond what they would normally do.  They were building on the foundation that Coach Roderick had taught them.  What was more remarkable was that they were having fun at practice and the fun continued for three more hours.  At the end of practice Coach Roderick said that if school was cancelled the next day they would hold practice at his house again.  The team was beyond excited and Jack secretly wished that practice could be at Coach Roderick's every day.

Chapter 32:
Jack ran up the floor after a loose ball.  He scooped it up and drove it in for a layup.  It was the first time all year that Jack had scored in the paint.  Keevan gave him a little chest bump as they went off to set their defense.  The layup had just put Davis up by eight points which was their largest lead of the day.  The Yellow Jacket team had been tougher than Coach Roderick had thought, but at halftime he reminded his team that the Yellow Jackets were competing for one of the final playoff spots as well and that their coach had a knack for exposing their opponent's weaknesses.  When Coach Roderick inserted Cisco into the lineup to start the second half Davis had outpaced the Yellow Jackets and was finally extending their lead.  
As the defense set to watch the Yellow Jackets bring the ball up the floor Jack looked as the scoreboard.  There was only four minutes left in the game and Jack realized that the Yellow Jackets hadn't scored in almost three minutes.  
The Yellow Jackets ran a play they had been running most of the game and found an open player on the baseline that made a desperation three point basket.  Jack shook his head in disbelief that the kid actually shot the ball, but was even more amazed that it went in.  Cisco brought the ball up the court as he had the entire second half and passed the ball to Keevan.  Keevan once again out dribbled his defender and found David in the post for an easy two pointer.  Jack could sense that victory was getting closer.
Before the defense could reset Coach Roderick signaled in a full court press.  Cisco immediately glued himself to the opposing point guard and David starting jumping in front of the Yellow Jacket trying to inbound the ball.  Jack lingered by his man and just as he expected the inbound pass was a heave towards his player.  David tipped the pass slightly and Jack got a jump on it and once again stole the ball and drove it in for another two pointer.  Keevan was amped up after Jack scored in the paint again and Davis now had a nine point lead with three minutes to go.  
Another defensive signal came into the game and this time it was for a trap play.  Cisco and Keevan trapped the player who took the inbound pass and forced him to call a time out.  Coach Roderick huddled his team together.
"Did you like how I forced them to call a timeout?"
Coach Roderick had a menacing grin on his face.
"That was their last timeout.  We're going to go into our base defense and take this victory.  Keep pushing the pace on offense.  It's wearing them out and they can't afford to put their best defender on Keevan because they're afraid Cisco will beat them to the basket.  Jack.  Make sure you keep an eye on the clock and manage things out there....Let's go!"
The Yellow Jackets successfully inbounded the ball and put up another desperation three point attempt.  This time the ball clanked off the rim and into David's arms.  He pushed the ball to Cisco who raced off down the court and literally outran the entire Yellow Jacket team for an easy layup.  Coach Roderick yelled for the base defense to get set.
Jack knew that the Yellow Jackets were beginning to panic and observed how the calm base defense of Davis was unexpectedly rattling them.  The Yellow Jackets missed another three point basket, but got an offensive rebound.  They reset their offense and on an errant pass Jocelyn stole the ball.  She held it briefly before passing the ball to Keevan.  Keevan passed the ball to Cisco who sped off down court.  Jack saw that there was only a minute left on the clock.  He called for the ball.  Cisco stopped and passed the ball backwards to Jack.  Jack swung the ball around to Keevan who then passed back to Cisco.  Cisco didn't think to check the clock and put up a forced shot.  The ball bounced off the glass and the Yellow Jackets rebounded.  
Thundering down the court the Yellow Jackets scored a layup.  As David turned to inbound the ball he saw five yellow jerseys swarming the court.  He passed the ball to Jack who looked open, but the ball was stolen and another layup was scored.  The Yellow Jackets were down by seven with forty seconds to go.  
David was forced with the same situation on his next inbound attempt.  He saw Cisco racing down court and heaved the ball toward him.  The pass was intercepted and quickly passed up court to a Yellow Jacket player at the top of the key who sunk a three point basket.  The Yellow Jackets had miraculously cut the lead to four and were swarming once again.  Coach Roderick called a timeout.
"Alright guys listen up...They are gonna keep pressing you until you break it.  Cisco had the right idea, but we need to get this ball inbounded.  Remeber what we worked on at practice on our second snow day?  We're gonna run a reverse full court press.  They'll be looking for Cisco to be the guy we're inbounding to.  Get the ball to Keevan!  Let's go!"
Jack walked to the baseline to make the inbound pass.  He had never really inbounded the ball before, but the idea was to make a crisp chest pass to Keevan which he was used to.  Jack watched David and Jocelyn trap Keevan's defender and Jack hit him with a quick and clean pass.  Keevan got the ball and was immediaely fouled.  Keevan strolled to the other end of the court and calmly made both free throws.  The Yellow Jackets were ready to inbound and Coach Roderick called for the base defense again.  Jack strolled behind the cluster of players running down the floor and suddenly put pressure on the ball handler.  Cisco unexpectedly rushed over to help him and a second later the ball was knocked loose.  Jack picked up the ball and dribbled off to the far corner of the court.  The clock ticked down to ten seconds.  When the other players got close Jack put up a baseline three and hit only the threads of the net.  The wind in the Yellow Jackets sail was suddenly exhausted.  Davis went back into its base defense and forced an errant shot as time expired.  Davis had won one game it needed for a chance to play in the post season tournament.    

Chapter 33:
Jack sat in front of a computer in the library and pondered the Yellow Jacket game.  He had been afraid that Coach Roderick would be angry with him for shifting out of the base defense in the final minute, but was surprised by the reaction he got.  Coach Roderick had praised him for following his instinct in that situation.  As Jack kept thinking about it he questioned if he really had basketball instincts.  It seemed that he always knew precisely when to shoot a three point basket and how to get around a defender to get a shot off, but he didn't consider that instinct.  The feeling was vexing and reaffirming all at the same time. 
"You comin' country boy?...You thinkin' bout Amanda again?"
"Nah Ox...just thinking about the game."
"Dis one?"
"Yeah and last week too."
"We's got's a tough test dis week...we's playin' dem Sharks...last year we's almost lose."
"I know Ox...this is there chance to knock us out of the tournament before we get there."
"It be like coach says...We win and we in...Lose and we be out!"
"We just need to take it a day at a time this week.  We'll be fine."
"Le's go den country boy...practice be startin' quick like."
Jack and Ox left the library and headed to practice.  Jack continued to think about instincts and then his thoughts shifted to the Sharks.  The only game the Sharks had lost so far was to the Hawks.  They had secured the second seed in the tournament and clinched a bye for the first weekend of the tournament, but Jack was convinced they would be coming at full speed to knock Davis on its back and keep them from getting into the tournament.  David showed the team on the league website how Davis had made the post season tournament every year that Manley Roderick had been the team's head coach.  It had been six years since Davis joined the "All-Stars League" and Davis had been in the tournament all six years and won three tournament championships including the previous year.  
After David had showed the team the league website Jack was sucked into it.  While the rest of the team studied, Jack had collected a ton of information on the league he was playing in.  The most interesting thing he found out was that Greg had started the league twelve years ago to promote a more competitive basketball league in the greater Denver area.  Greg had assembled a governing board for the league and virtually ran the league until his sons became old enough to play.  He stepped down from his duties of league commissioner to coach, but still held a spot on the board to stay involved in the league.  
Jack was surprised to learn that the league was made up of twenty six premiere teams, which he played in, but the league also consisted of dozens of developmental teams who were broken into smaller divisions and represented with age ranges from seven to fourteen.  The website though was primarily focused on the premiere teams.  Jack learned that teams did not play each other every year.  He also learned that the Hawks were the dominant team in the league over the leagues twelve year history.  The Hawks had won seven tournament championships; the most recent was two years ago when Andy played.  The Hawks decisively beat the Yellow Jackets who had beat Davis in the semifinals.
The website also chronicled stories from the current season.  There was a small story about Keevan and Jack, there were more stories about Alan's undefeated team and the Sharks who had only lost to the Hawks.  Jack also looked at the league standings and discovered that his team could technically claim the eighth or ninth seed if they beat the Sharks.  If they lost there was still a chance they could get in as the tenth seed, but the Hawks would have to lose to one of the worst teams in the league, so Jack knew they needed to win or the season would be over.
Thoughts of the website and Coach Roderick's remarks swirled in and out of Jack's thoughts.  By the time he made it to the gym he was grateful to let go of his thoughts and just practice.  Coach Roderick continued to run a tight ship in the school gym, but he promised them a game of knock out if the team could get Leon to make three consecutive chest passes in warm up drills.  David had been working with Leon for a week now and the team was convinced that today was the day Leon would make his passes.  
Before the team started passing drills Keevan and Jack called for Coach to come watch Leon.  Leon started off with two consecutive passes, but missed his third.  Things got worse for a few more drills and then David gave some quick encouragement to Leon.  Leon responded with five consecutive passes and was spontaneously mobbed by the team.  
Coach Roderick made good on his promise and let the team play knock out.  Jack and Keevan were the last two players in the game.  The rest of the team razzed Jack and Keevan as they took shots from the free throw line.  Jack at one point sunk nine consecutive free throws and Keevan matched eight of them.  Unfortunately Jack wasn't fast enough to get back to the free throw line to knock Keevan out on his miss.  The final pairing went head to head for at least five minutes before Jack capitalized on a rare miss by Keevan.  Jack and Keevan stylishly embraced after the game and Coach Roderick smiled watching two great players enjoy the simplicity of the game of basketball.   

Chapter 34:
 Jack wiped the sweat dripping from his forehead and looked up at the scoreboard.  The first half against the Sharks was over and it felt like he had just played an entire game.  Lifting his head while fighting the urge look towards the ground Jack noticed his entire team looked discouraged.  Despite only trailing the Sharks by eight points the team looked like they had just lost the game.  
Jack tried to replay the first half of basketball over again in his mind.  Davis had jumped out to a six to zero lead to start the game.  The Sharks were content to let Jack shoot three pointers until he made the first two which gave them a six point lead.  What ensued after that was completely baffling.  The Sharks switched their double team to Jack and put their fastest player on Keevan.  Keevan couldn't shake his defender and the Sharks center bullied Ox under the hoop.  David wasn't effective when he got the ball on offense and every other player that substituted in couldn't seem to make a shot.  Jack and Keevan were being shut down for the first time all season.  
The double team kept creeping in and out of Jack's mind.  Neither player double teaming him was particularly skilled, but they fought hard to not let Jack get open.  Jack kept thinking about every move he tried to break free from the double team, but even the small windows he got open his teammates wouldn't dare pass the ball to him.  As the game progressed Coach Roderick preached that they couldn't turn the ball over because the Sharks weren't scoring on offense.  The game was a defensive battle, but the Sharks had built their lead by forcing some turnover early on in the first half.  No matter what Davis did on offense the Sharks had an answer.  The hope of making the tournament was fading quickly.
The locker room was deftly quiet as Jack was the last player to walk in.  There was a sense that there was no fight left in the team that had fought hard all year.  Coach Roderick walked into the locker room a few moments after Jack and the team looked up and then put their heads back down.  Jack wondered what Coach Roderick would say.  It didn't take long to find out.
"You all look like you just lost!...We haven't lost yet!...Do you want to wave the white flag and surrender after one half?!...If you do that's fine, but I'm not gonna sit around and watch you flush this season down the toilet!"
Coach Roderick threw down his clipboard that he drew plays on and stormed out of the locker room.  Jack looked at his teammates who were sitting on benches looking more discouraged than they did a minute ago.  The time was now and Jack wasn't about to go down without a fight.
"Guys look up at me."
Keevan raised his head as did Ox.  David briefly glanced up, but dropped his head again. Jack saw Leon raise his head and look Jack square in the eye.  Jack needed one more player to respond.  After a few moments Cisco looked up.
"I've got our starting lineup for the second half...we're going to start Ox at 5, Leon at 4, Keevan at 3, I'll play 2 and Cisco will play the 1.  The Sharks are expecting that all of our plays will be funneled through the 1 and 2 positions.  What they don't know is that we have two players who can run the point.  Cisco...this game is yours for the taking.  The Sharks don't have anyone who can keep up with you and you have fresh legs.  Leon hasn't played in a game all year.  You're going to free up Ox for us Leon.  Go out there and mix it up.  I don't care if you foul out of this game Leon...your job is to get the Sharks big man off of Ox.  Can you do it?"
Leon looked up at him in complete shock and nodded his head.  
"Keevan...they're gonna keep that fast guy on you all game.  If they sacrifice him to cover Cisco you're gonna be down low and close to the basket.  The ball goes to Keevan if he's open.  I'm the last option in this game guys.  If the Sharks adjust and take the double team off of me then you can pass it to me, but I don't think they're gonna take that risk."
By the time Jack had finished game planning the whole team was looking up at him.  
"This is our game for the taking and I'm not going down without a fight!  Y'all in!"
The team stood up and rallied around Jack.  Keevan led them in a cheer and they were on their way back to the court to warm up.  
The scoreboard still showed nine minutes left for halftime.  Jack was used to only having a two or three minutes on the clock when they got back to the court.  The Sharks hadn't even come out of their locker room.  Jack directed the Davis players to line up at the free throw line.  Coach Roderick who was sitting on the bench curiously looked in Jack's direction.  Jack signaled to his Coach to stay on the bench.  Jack passed a ball to Arturo who was the first one standing at the free throw line and then passed another ball to Ox who was standing behind him.  Without a second thought Jack smiled and screamed out "KNOCK OUT"!
The Davis team broke out into smiles and Arturo took his shot.  He missed the shot and Ox sunk a free throw before Arturo could get his balll in the basket, Arturo was knocked out.  Ox retrieved his rebound and got his ball to David who was next in line.  David missed his shot and Jocelyn who was behind David missed her free throw shot.  David recovered his rebound and laid the ball in the basket.  Jocelyn followed by making a layup as well.  Jack glanced over at Coach Roderick and winked at his coach.  Coach Roderick stared him down with a twinkle in his eye.  
When the game of knock out was over Keevan emerged the victor.  Jack instinctively knew the team was loose and ready for the second half.  While his teammates were laughing and joking with Keevan, Jack looked over at the Sharks who looked incredibly confused as to what the Davis team was doing.  Jack let a huge smile travel across his face and rubbed his knuckles across Keevan's head.  
The referee blew the whistle to start the second half.  The Sharks inbounded the ball.  Defense had not been discussed during half time, but Jack figured the team would continue playing Coach's base defense.  It had kept the Sharks in check and only allowed twenty three points in the first half.  
As the Sharks point guard engaged with Cisco, he tried to dribble past him.  Cisco got position on him and was run over by the Shark player.  The Shark player was called for charging and Davis had the ball.  Cisco quickly brought the ball up the court.  As Jack predicted, the Sharks were caught off guard by Keevan switching to a forward position.  The Sharks point guard couldn't decide who to cover, by default he covered Cisco who immediately passed the ball to Keevan who easily beat his defender and scored.  Jack looked over at the Sharks bench and their coach was yelling at their point guard.  
Jack signaled a full court press.  Keevan and Cisco trapped the Sharks point guard and Leon somehow intercepted the outlet pass.  Leon drove the ball to the basket and attempted a layup, the ball didn't drop, but Ox trailed the shot and easily put back the missed shot.  Jack saw Coach Roderick stand up on the bench.  Coach Roderick pointed to Jack with a fleck of a smile on his face and signaled to him as if relinquishing the reins of the team to Jack. 
The thought of dropping back into a base defense didn't feel right to Jack so he called another full court press.  The Sharks point guard got the inbound pass and immediately called a timeout.  Jack called his teammates to huddle around him.
"They're going to adjust their defense.  Their point guard is going to drop low and cover Keevan.  Cisco...you've got to take the ball to the hoop.  Ox will clean up any of your messes as long as Leon can jam their big man.  You guys ready to upset this team!?"
Keevan tightened his lips and energetically pounded his chest, "We got this!"
Davis dropped back into their base defense.  Leon and Ox watched the paint and Cisco and Jack covered the top of the key.  Keevan played in the middle and followed the ball.  The Sharks got an open shot, but missed.  Leon got the rebound and passed the ball to a nearby Ox.  Jack laughed inside knowing that Leon would never dare try to pass a ball down the court.  Ox got the ball to Cisco.  
Cisco slowed the pace of the game.  The Sharks predictably shifted their point guard to cover Keevan down low.  Cisco beat his defender and drove the ball towards the hoop.  Leon grabbed the rebound and put the ball back through the hoop.  Davis was two points from tying the Sharks.  
Everyone looked at Jack thinking he would call another press.  Running backwards he signaled base defense and the team quickly took their positions down court.  The Sharks were more careful on offense this time and scored a tough two point shot over Ox.  Jack noticed it was the first shot that Ox had challenged all game.  He knew it was a good sign if he could get Ox to let go of his inhibition on the court.  
Grabbing the ball and slapping it against his other hand, Ox inbounded the ball to Cisco.  Cisco forced the ball up the court as fast as he could go and made a layup going coast to coast.  The signal for a base defense was given, but it called for a trap of the point guard at half court.  By the time the Sharks point guard got to half court he was ambushed by Keevan and Cisco.  He inadvertently crossed the half court line and went back behind it again.  The referee called a back court violation and Davis had the ball again.
The Sharks started to look angry.  Cisco took the inbound pass and set the offense.  Jack lazily ran his part of the play with two defenders still on him.  Suddenly Cisco drove the ball towards Jack which was away from the basket.  One of Jack's defenders swiped at the ball.  Cisco passed the ball around the defender and Jack had an open look.  He pulled the trigger and nailed a three pointer.  Davis was in the lead!
With fourteen seconds to go in the game Davis had a three point lead.  Jack had not substituted any players out of the game.  He hadn't consulted Coach Roderick, but he wasn't sure what to do.  The Sharks would be inbounding the ball at half court and needed a three pointer to tie.  They hadn't attempted one all game and Jack wasn't sure if they were capable of a three pointer or not.  Just as the referee handed the ball to the Sharks for the inbound Jack called a timeout.  He motioned for his team to come to the bench.  When they were reunited with their other teammates Jack noticed that Coach Roderick was still sitting on the bench.  
"Coach!...We need you to draw up a defense to stop these guys."
"You've been doing fine without me Jack...you sure you want me to jinx this game."
"You're our coach and I don't know what to do in this situation."
"What's your instinct tell you?"
"It tells me to ask you to draw up a play."
Coach Roderick smiled and huddled the team around him.
"We need to sub in David for Ox...the rest of you can stay in.  Go ahead and give them a two point shot.  The defense needs to be around the perimeter.  Don't let them have a shot and don't foul a three point shooter.  Hands up and stay in front of them."
Coach Roderick finished drawing on his clipboard and looked at his team.
"Follow Jack's lead...go get us this win!"    
David jumped off the bench and into the game.  The rest of team walked back onto the court.  Leon took his place guarding the inbound pass.  The other players marked a man and stayed close.  Keevan stayed close to the Sharks point guard and Jack stayed in the general area of him as well.  Coach Roderick's diagram allowed for a floater and Jack knew it needed to be him.  The Sharks point guard couldn't get free from Keevan.  The inbound pass went to the player Jack was floating around.  The player panicked when he got the ball and looked for the point guard.  Jack fell back to help Keevan double team the point guard.  The Sharks coach yelled to shoot the ball.  As time ticked off the clock the player finally raced toward the hoop and scored a layup.  There were three seconds left in the game and Davis still had a one point lead.  David ran to the base line and inbounded the ball to Leon who wrapped his arms around the basketball.  Time expired and Davis had earned their way into the tournament!

Chapter 35:         
Coach Roderick stood at the head of four long tables jammed together at Po' Boy Pizzeria.  The entire team came to the celebration with some of the team's parents.  Ironically, Greg and Jack's mom both came as they were supposed to meet up for an evening date.  Gina had insisted that Greg come to the celebration prior to the date so that she could take Jack and Ox home after the celebration.  Jack could tell that Greg wasn't particularly happy about attending, but he knew his mom probably didn't give him much of a choice.
Jack could smell sweet tomato sauce, pizza dough, and baked cinnamon.  He had never been to the Pizzeria before, but Ox was extremely excited when Coach Roderick announced after the game that he was buying dinner for the entire team at Po' Boys.  As the smells of the pizzeria perfumed the air and the team laughed, Coach Roderick finally called the tables to attention.
"I want to thank all of you for a wonderful season of basketball...I can't think of any other team I've been a part of that has overcome so much adversity to accomplish something.  The league office has informed me that we have earned the number eight seed in the tournament and that the other seedings and pairing for the first round of the tournament will be out by tomorrow morning."
The team cheered loudly.  Jack caught a glimpse of Coach Roderick staring at Greg.  Greg was paying no attention to the celebration.  He was checking something on his smart phone and had a fake smile on his face.  
"Ok...Ok...We've got a lot of work to do this week.  This tournament is tough...it's single elimination and we won't get any breaks, but we've got more unity than any team in the tournament..."
The team cheered again as the proud parents applauded.
"I also want you to make an announcement that I should've made sooner, but I've put off for a while."
The tables fell into a quick silence.  Greg managed to lift his head from his smart phone.  
"I've been offered an opportunity to coach at the University in Boulder...It's not every day that a division one basketball program knocks on your door and makes you an offer.  Some of you boys will know what I'm talking about in about seven or eight years.  I love coaching at Davis.  I left a coaching job at a small college to come to Davis and build this program.  Your team has confirmed to me that I have built this program.  I don't know who will coach next year, but I do know that I have built an expectation and this team will carry it through next year with or without me."
Jack looked around the tables.  Many of the adults were taking the news fairly well.  Greg had a huge smile on his face, but the players all looked depressed.  Jack immediately stood up.
"Looks like we're all just gonna have to be good enough to go to Boulder and play for Coach in college!"                         
Keevan clapped his hands together and stood up.  Ox stood up and shouted, "We're going to Boulder!"  The rest of the team followed suit and applauded their Coach.  Jack was surprised when Coach Roderick looked at him with all the sincerity of a lost puppy and mouthed the words "Thank you".  
Shortly after the announcement the tables were ladled with pizza, bread sticks, salads, and potent cinnamon dessert pizza.  The team instinctively turned to the food and started devouring the feast before them.  
About half way into the meal Coach Roderick stood up to go the restroom.  Greg got up and followed him.  Jack felt bad because his mom and Greg weren't eating.  They had dinner plans for later.  Jack watched his mom fidgeting and thought about asking her what was wrong.  Instead, he kept eating hoping that if he finished quickly he and Ox could be dropped off at home.
After a few minutes Coach Roderick and Greg emerged from the bathroom.  The two were in the middle of what appeared to be a heated conversation.  Jack couldn't get a read on what was happening.  Greg was pointing his finger into Coach Roderick's chest and Coach Roderick was puffing out his chest further towards Greg.  Before the situation escalated Jack's mom jumped from her chair and stepped in between the two coaches and ushered Greg outside of the Pizzeria.  Jack jumped up and followed her.  When he got outside his mom was visibly upset with Greg.
"I thought I told you to leave it alone!"
Jack definitely knew something was wrong.  He interrupted his mom.
"Leave what alone?"
"Jack you don't need to be a part of this...go back inside and finish eating...so we can get going."
Jack's mom pointed towards Greg's car as if scolding him to go to his room.  Greg stood completely still.
"I think he has a right to know Gina."
"Know what?"
"Your mom won't tell you, but I think it's time you know for yourself."
"Don't do this Greg...not tonight."
"I don't have a choice Gina...the man practically admitted his guilt by what he just did."
Jack didn't have a clue as to what was going on.
"Do one of you want to tell me what's going on?"
"What your mom isn't telling you Jack is that your coach has been using your basketball team to make money."
"What do you mean...we're a middle school team?"
"That's exactly it Jack...you're a middle school team who plays in the premiere basketball league in the state.  Your coach has or should I say had one of the most successful team in the league and has been being paid off by boosters and agents to get access to his players."
"That doesn't make any sense Greg...I've never seen anyone like that around our games."
"Your right Jack...he doesn't give them access to his players until they're off his team.  He's arranging illegal meetings with former players who are doing well in high school.  He has a history too Jack.  He got fired from coaching high school in Utah for accepting bribes from boosters and agents who wanted access to his players.  He doesn't play by the rules Jack!"
"Then why did he get offered a job from a college?"
"Your quick Jack...but that's just it...our league has been investigating him for the last two years and we had almost built a case to ban him from the league...when the boosters found out what was about to happen they swept in and rescued him...he'll probably be fired before the next basketball season even starts.  The league has agreed to let him coach your team in the tournament, but he won't be welcomed back after that."
"I don't believe it."
"Fine Jack...you don't have to, but I'm telling you the truth...and that whole incident with Ox and Josiah was especially concerning to the league.  You boys are lucky we didn't throw you out of the league."
Jack's stomach felt like a cinder block was just dropped in it.  He had no response to Greg's comment.  He looked up at his mom.
"Go get Ox Jack...we need to get you boys home."
Jack meandered back into the Pizzeria with his head down and shoulders hunched.  He looked at Coach Roderick disappointedly when he walked back in.  He called for Ox to go.  Coach Roderick came over to Jack.
"I don't know what they told you Jack, but the fact is I'm one hundred percent honest.  I've never tried to mislead anyone.  This team has always been my priority and I wouldn't be leaving unless I was being forced out.  That man outside will not stand for a predominant Black team to win his white washed league...this is not about me Jack...it's about him."
Jack reexamined Coach Roderick's face.  He didn't know why he had just unloaded all this information on him, but he knew there were two sides to this story. 
"Thanks Coach.  I'll be at practice...we're gonna see this thing through to the end." 
Coach Roderick smiled at Jack and then patted him on the shoulder.
"I's thought you'd say it time to go?"
"It is Ox...let's go...mom's waiting."

Chapter 36:
The league hosted the annual tournament at one of the larger high schools in South Denver.  Coach Roderick had informed his team that even though they'd be playing the third game on the first day of the tournament they were required to watch the other games in the tournament.  Jack was extremely excited to participate as a spectator and participant in the tournament.  The entire week of practice had gone off without a hitch.  Everything from drills to running plays was orchestrated by Keevan and Jack.  Coach Roderick took a hands-off approach and the team felt incredibly unified.  
Coach Roderick has shared how the brackets looked the practice before their first tournament game.  The rankings had the Hawks 1, the Sharks 2, the Yellow Jackets 3, the Angels 4, the Raiders 5, the Vikings 6, the Warriors 7, Davis was 8, the Mustangs were 9, and the Bruins were 10.  Coach Roderick focused the team on their first game.  He urged them not to get caught up in how the bracket was set up.  Their first game would be against the Raiders.  Davis had not played the Raiders during the regular season and Coach Roderick didn't know much about the team since he didn't have any assistant coaches to help him scout.  What Davis did have were two great leaders and scouting didn't make that much of a difference.  Davis would run what they had been running with Jack and Keevan and hopefully it would be good enough to get them past the Raiders.
The day of tournament was mild day in late January.  There was still snow on the ground, but the sidewalks and streets were free from ice and snow.  The Davis team arrived together on a school bus and approached the school ready to play.
Each team in the tournament had a sectioned off portion of bleacher where they could observe from.  Davis was at one of the top corners.  Teams 7, 8, 9, and 10 were all in top corners while teams 3, 4, 5, and 6 were on middle sections of the bleachers.  The Hawks and Sharks however had special courtside seating on the opposite side of the team benches.  The arrangement was indicative of the rewards for having a good regular season.  
When the Davis team walked by the Sharks, Jack could sense some tension and muffled comments from some of the players.  Even though Coach Roderick had not allowed his team to study the bracket Jack was aware enough to notice that they would need to beat the Sharks again to make it to the championship game.  Despite the thoughts that tried to swirl in and out of Jack's mind he refocused on the game at hand.  The first game of the afternoon would be the Yellow Jackets against the Bruins.  
The opening tip went just like any other game.  While Jack was curious about the game he was also intrigued by all the teams observing and the large crowd that had assembled to see the tournament.  Jack could see coaches from all the different teams making notes and talking with their assistants.  He saw players joking with each other and others who were extremely focused on the game.  Parents were screaming and there were some strange observers who held stop watches, laptops, clipboards and roster sheets.  Jack presumed that they were college scouts or high school coaches.  
After people watching, Jack returned his focus to the game.  The Yellow Jackets had already established an eight point lead only four minutes into the game.  The next four minutes the Yellow Jackets increased the lead to sixteen.  By halftime the Yellow Jackets were up by twenty.  Ox leaned over to Jack.
"Dem Bruins ain't lookin' like dey got better."
"Don't judge em' Ox...they're working hard and the Yellow Jackets expose weaknesses.  They're forcing everything to the perimeter."
"What you be doin' to adjust den?"
"Well...I'd stop posting my big man down low and bring him out to the perimeter.  Maybe he could set some screens or picks to free up my guards for easy layups."
"Ain't you jus' smart!"
"Hey buddy!  You asked...what do you want me to do?"
"Dat's cool country boy...you just be on yo game when dem Raiders come out."
"You can count on it."
Jack and Ox walked around the school to stretch their legs at the half.  There was a busy concession stand that was open and Ox let the smells get the better of him. 
"I's got to get somin' to eat."
"We don't got time Ox...we need to be back for the second half."
"You go and save me a spot....I be back."
"Coach said no food before the game...that's why we at a huge breakfast."
"I's still hungry."
"Fine!  But hurry back."
Jack hustled back to the gym.  The game was just getting ready to resume when he came in.  The rest of the Davis team was in their spot on the bleachers. Jack ran up the bleachers and sat by Keevan.
"What up Cap?"
"Nothing...Ox is getting food."
Keevan started chuckling. 
"That fool won't ever stop being hungry...what'd y'all eat for breakfast?"
"That's the thing.  My mom got up and made us a huge breakfast.  Eggs, toast, fruit, sausage, and muffins.  I guess it didn't fill him up." 
"Last year dat fool ate a bunch fore his final game...he tore it up!"
"When he's focused I don't think he can be stopped."
"You got dat right Cap."
"Do you think he wants to win this tournament as bad as we do?"
"I guess so...too bad you ain't comin' to high school wit us."
"Where are you gonna go next year?"
"My mom's aint sure yet...I need to go big so I can get some college looks...maybe in Denver, but my mom's wants me to go to some Catholic school...they offering me some scholarship to go there..."
"Maybe you should take it?"
"I don't know Cap...dem just a bunch of white boys and sides I don't know no one."
"I didn't know anyone when I moved here...you'll be fine."
"You think I's gonna turn out like the white wonder?"
Keevan laughed out loud.
"You crazy Cap...I'm thinking about it...What about Ox...where he be going?"
"My mom says he can go wherever he wants...I think he wants to go to King."
"Dat school be a mess...ain't no team win nothing in years...they got some new basketball coach...he came to my house trying to see if I was gonna go...my mom's scared him off pretty good...she got it in her head for me to go to that Catholic school."
"Could the Catholic school be that bad?"
"It be white Cap...that's why my mom's wants me there...I don't do white...you it Cap...you the only white boy I'm cool with."
"Would you go there if I went there?"
"Yeah right!  You ain't gonna get a scholarship too."
"Well what if I did?"
"Even if you did I'm a year older...I can't hang for a year with the white folk...you crazy Cap!"
Jack watched Keevan refocus on the game.  The Yellow Jackets were way ahead of the Bruins and it didn't look like the Bruins were trying to make adjustments.  Jack caught sight of Ox who had two hot dogs, nachos, and a bagel in his hands.  He also had a huge smile on his face.
"What'd you do Ox?  Raid the concession stand?"
"Dis be lunch Jack...I's hungry."
"Well hurry and eat.  Looks like this game is gonna be over pretty quick."
Jacks prediction held true as the Yellow Jackets went on to easily defeat the Bruins.  As soon as the final buzzer sounded the Angels and Mustangs took the court to warm up.  Jack noticed that they had fifteen minutes to warm up before their game started.  Jack wondered how he would run warm up drills with only fifteen minutes to do it.  The team usually spent at least twenty minutes warming up.  He carefully watched the two teams on the court.  The Angels were focused on stretching while the Mustangs were shooting the ball.  Jack couldn't decide which would be better use of the time.
The warm up time ended almost as quickly as it began and the two teams were ready for tip off.  The Angels has a very tall center on their team.  He easily won the opening tip.  The other Angel players all looked about a foot shorter than their center.  Jack was curious to see how they would run their offense.  
One of the Angel players brought the ball slowly up the floor.  The center took position in the post and the other players all played on the perimeter near the three point line.  The first pass went to the center; he only had one defender on him.  He easily scored and the Angels had the first two points of the game.  The mustangs ran down the court as fast as they could and beat the Angel defense down court for an easy layup.  
The Angels inbounded the ball and once again brought the ball up the court very slowly.  It looked like they ran the same play again and again the big center scored.  The Mustangs were off running again, but this time they missed their layup and the Angels grabbed the rebound.  The Angels cleared the rebound and methodically pushed the basketball up the court again.  Before the Angels could run their play again the Mustangs had double teamed the center.  The pass went to one of the Angels on the baseline that made an easy jump shot.  The Angels looked like they had an answer for the Mustangs.
    The rest of the first half was similar to the first two minutes of the game.  The Mustangs pushed the pace of the game and the Angels slowed it down as much as possible.  After the Mustangs committed to two defenders on the Angels center there was a definite shift in how the ball was circulated through the center.  With the double team came a lot of open looks and the Angels shot the ball really well.  The Mustangs strategy though had proved to be effective and trailed the favored Angels by only seven points at half time.  
Jack stayed on the bleachers at half time.  Keevan and a few of the others walked around the school.  Ox had decided to take a nap on the bleachers and was obviously bored with the repetitive nature of the first half.  Jack could sense that his teammates were quickly figuring out that they'd be playing soon and their game faces were starting to show.  Jack was grateful for their focus.  
The second half of the Angels Mustangs game started much like the first half ended.  The Angels ran their same offense and the Mustangs ran the ball up the floor.  As the game wore on the Mustangs ran out of gas.  The Angel's slow style and effective passing had the Mustangs chasing every apparent errant pass and they had increased their lead to twelve points with under a minute to go.  As the Angels dribbled off the final seconds of the clock Jack couldn't help but wonder if he ever saw such a lopsided victory that wasn't reflected on the scoreboard.  In his mind he had already formulated a game plan for the Angels, but the first matter of business was the fifth seeded Raiders.

Chapter 37: 
Ox stood at least six inches taller than the boy he was about to tip off against.  As the ball floated high into the air Ox tipped it back to Keevan without any problem.  As Keevan dribbled the basketball he was suddenly swarmed by three aggressive Raider defenders.  Coach Roderick called from the sideline for Keevan to pass the ball, but it was too late.  The Raiders had stripped the ball loose and were racing down the court to score an easy two points.  
The inbound pass was directed again to Keevan who was once again swarmed by the Raiders defense.  This time Keevan called a timeout.  Jack looked at Keevan a little funny, but when Keevan started to make the scowl he hadn't seen in months Jack turned away.  The team walked over to the bench a bit deflated by what had just happened.  Coach Roderick looked at Jack who was unsure of what to say.  After an awkward silence Coach Roderick started coaching. 
"Look guys...they're just running a three man trap.  I don't know if they'll try to do this the whole game, but they know about Keevan.  We're gonna move Jack to the three take Jocelyn out of the game and sub in Cisco at the two.  Ox!  Don't inbound the ball to Keevan...get it to Cisco or Jack.  Got it!"
The team nodded in agreement and Jack let out a glinted smile.
"Nice to have you back coach."
Ox lined up for the inbound pass.  The pass went to Cisco who was swarmed just like Keevan was.  Cisco rolled the ball through the legs of one of the defenders and Keevan picked it up.  Keevan ran down the court trying to outpace the Raiders defense.  As the three trap defenders approached Keevan he heaved the ball to the corner of the court where Jack stood waiting at the three point line.  The not-so-tall center for the Raiders approached Jack, but Jack's release was too quick and he sank a three pointer.  
The Raiders went to work on offense and it looked an awful lot like their defense.  Player after player raced after the ball.  It didn't appear that there was a rhythm to their offense and the Davis defense was forcing tough passes.  After about eight different attempts to find an open shot the ball was knocked loose by Keevan.  Before he could push the ball up the court he had the triple trap on him again.  This time he attempted Cisco's between the legs roll, but failed to get the ball out.  The Raider recovered the ball and passed in to their center for another two points.  
Davis had not found an answer to the triple trap of the Raiders and Jack knew it would be a long game if they couldn't do something about it.  Once again Ox passed the ball in to Cisco.  Cisco tried to race out of the trap, but the ball was knocked loose again.  The Raiders picked it up and scored another two point basket.  Jack could hear the crowd roar after the bucket went in. His mind was racing with how to beat the trap, but he couldn't think.  
The inbound pass came to Jack who was honestly not expecting it.  He clutched the ball as the triple trap came again.  Jack pivoted from right to left and then came the grace of the whistle.  Jack was fouled.  The tournament rules called for two foul shots for every personal foul committed.  The players walked down the court and Jack easily made both foul shots.  Davis was only one point down to the Raiders and Jack had scored all five points.  
Offensive problems continued to persist for the Raiders.  Once again they got the ball down court and couldn't find an open shot.   Ultimately a player missed a jump shot and Ox came down with the easy rebound.  Jack noticed that no one was trapping Ox.  With a swift hand movement Jack motioned to Ox to bring the ball down the floor.  The Raiders didn't react to Ox dribbling the ball up the court.  Ox was able to get the ball all the way to the free throw line before the Raiders center defended him.  With a quick shimmy and crossover dribble, Ox took the ball to the rim for an easy two point layup.  
The crowd was not behind the Davis team as only a small amount of cheers came from the bleachers.  The Raiders brought the ball down the court again and Davis set their base defense.  Pass after pass was met with a stiff Davis defense until a bad pass finally forced the ball out of bounds.  Davis was once again challenged with an inbound pass.  Racing to the sideline Jack told Ox to go onto the floor.  Jack took the ball and directed the inbound pass to Ox.  Ox got the ball and when the triple trap came he held the ball high above the defenders heads.  Scanning the floor he found Keevan racing to the basket.  Ox let the ball go and hit Keevan in stride; Keevan let the ball roll off his fingers for a pretty layup.  Davis appeared to have figured out the triple trap.
Offensively the Raiders were a mess.  They could not generate a good look.  The whistle came into play again as the Raiders were called for a double dribble.  Jack waved off Ox again and made the inbound pass to a towering Ox.  This time Ox passed the ball to Jack who had set himself wide open for a three point shot.  When the pass came a defender was in Jack's face.  Jack bounce passed to Cisco who relayed the ball to Keevan.  Keevan made another pretty layup and the triple trap was conquered once again.  The Raiders called a timeout.
Jack was jazzed up as Davis approached the bench.  Once again, Davis had overcome something that seemed impossible to conquer.  Coach Roderick huddled the team.
"Good thinking out there Jack.  In case you guys haven't figured it out...this team has about four David and Derrick's on it.  They are going to trap and press us until the cows come home.  I don't think they'll use the triple trap right away.  Their coach is going to mix it up defensively, they can't score unless they steal the ball or we miss a shot.  Their offense is all about transition basketball.  You boys need to be quick and crisp on offense.  Keep them on their toes.  Don't let Jack or Ox take all the inbound passes.  Mix it up and keep passing.  Passing is what beats the press...you worked it beautifully...let's keep it up."
Davis set their base defense and once again forced an out of bounds pass.  Cisco lined up to inbound the ball.  This time the Raiders center stood in front of Cisco blocking off all potential passing lanes.  Cisco got whistled for a five second violation for not getting the ball inbounds and possession went to the Raiders.  The Raiders inbounded the ball, but once again could not get off a clean shot.  Ox recovered an air ball shot and quickly pushed the ball up the floor to Keevan who passed to Cisco.  Cisco found David open in the paint and got him the ball.  David got fouled as he went up for a shot and was put on the free throw line.  
Jack could not believe the rapid pass of the game and was glad for the short respite the foul provided.  David made one shot and missed the second.  The Raiders quickly rebounded the ball and raced up the floor beating the Davis defense.  One of the players drove in for a hard earned layup.  The Raiders were back on the board. 
The rest of the first half continued to be a rapid pace and every miscue and errant pass exploited the scoreboard.  The Raiders trapped, pressed, triple trapped, and clawed their way to seventeen points.  Davis on the other hand passed, ran, and maneuvered their way to twenty two points.  Coach Roderick managed a complicated rotation of players to keep everyone fresh and the Raiders defense on their heels.
Coach Roderick admonished his team to keep the same intensity going in the second half and to prepare for anything the defense might throw at them.  The game was still close and Coach Roderick made sure his team knew that to fight again they would need to keep the gas pedal down.  
The Raiders started the second half with possession of the ball.  Once again they displayed a dismal performance on offense.  Unfortunately David was whistled for a reach in foul and the Raiders were at the foul line.  The player made both shots and the game was now a one possession game.  
Arturo inbounded the ball to David who forced a bad pass to Jocelyn.  The Raiders intercepted the pass and scored a quick layup.  The game was now a one point game.  The crowd noise grew in intensity as it had to start the first half.  Jocelyn now stood to inbound the ball.  She passed to Arturo who held the ball high and passed Ox.  Ox passed the ball back to Jocelyn.  Jocelyn found Cisco who pushed the ball up to Ox.  Ox had beaten the Raiders center down the court and maneuvered his way to score inside the paint.
Both teams went back and forth throughout the second half.  The Raiders kept the game within two or three points until the final minutes.  With the scoreboard reading Davis forty and the Raiders thirty eight, there was less than thirty seconds left on the clock.  Coach Roderick rotated in Arturo, Ox, Jack, Keevan, and Cisco to close out the game.  
The Raiders inbounded the ball and dribbled down the court to attempt a desperation offensive surge.  As the Davis defense set one of the Raiders players threw up a desperation three point basket.  The shot hit the rim and bounced off the backboard and down onto the rim again.  The ball gently bounced and ultimately rolled through the basket for the Raiders to take a one point lead.  The crowd erupted.
Davis regrouped with Keevan lining up to inbound the ball.  The Raiders went into full press mode.  The only option was to pass the ball high to Ox or Arturo.  Ox had the Raiders center covering him, but Arturo seemed relatively open.  Keevan passed him the ball.  Before the ball arrived a defender stole the pass and scored a layup.  The Raiders had a three point lead and a raucous crowd staving off a Davis surge.  
Ox lined up to inbound the ball.  He looked at the clock which was still running, it had eight seconds left.  Jack took off in a dead sprint down the court.  Ox heaved the ball down the court past Jack.  The ball looked like it was going to go out of bounds, but Jack miraculously caught up to it.  He gained control of the ball.  Stepped behind the three point line and nailed a shot at the final buzzer sound.  Davis had just sent the game to overtime.  
The crowd let out an exasperated gasp as the referee allowed both teams to regroup.  Coach Roderick huddled his team together.
"You all are amazing.  We have three minutes to try and beat these guys.  I know it's not easy, but we've got to keep pushing.  Stay firm and crisp out there.  You are the better team!"
The same five that closed the game took the floor for overtime.  Ox won the opening tip and quick passing opened up another three point shot for Jack.  This time Jack missed and the Raiders were off running in the opposite direction.  They made three transitional passes and scored the first two points of overtime.  
Coach Roderick called for a jail break pass.  Ox lined up to pass the ball.  On the count of three the entire Davis team raced down the court.  Ox launched the ball.  Keevan recovered the ball and tied the game.  
The Raiders countered with another poor output on offense.  Cisco intercepted a pass and raced down the court to put Davis up by two.  The rest of the game was a defensive struggle.  Davis stifled the Raiders offense and the Raiders did not yield another basket to Davis.  With twenty seconds left on the clock the Raiders had possession of the ball.  The crowd increasingly grew louder as each pass was met with a tough Davis defender.  As the clock wound down on the Raiders made a desperate attempt to drive the basketball towards the hoop.  Before he could get off a shot the ball fell to the floor and the whistle blew.  Keevan was called for a blocking foul.  
The gymnasium feel to a still silence as the Raider player went to the free throw line.  The referee cleared the floor and the Davis players were escorted to their bench.  After three dribbles the player let go of his first foul shot and made the shot.  The crowd cheered, but there was still another shot.  With the game on the line the ball bounced three times and the shot was released.  The ball floated through the air and met the front rim of the basket, clanging the ball to the floor.  Davis had survived on a missed free throw!

Chapter 38:
The school hallway was dark and quiet.  Jack had been closing his eyes and lying prostrate for the last five minutes trying to concentrate on relaxing and resting.  Coach Roderick had insisted the entire team sequester themselves for the next forty five minutes to re-charge and re-focus on the game against the Angels.  No matter how hard he tried to to relax, Jack couldn't stop thinking about the missed free throw.  Most of his team sighed in relief when the shot didn't fall and there was very little celebration on the Davis bench.  Coach Roderick immediately escorted them to the dark hallway.  
After replaying the missed shot in his mind for the hundredth time Jack finally sat up.  He looked around at his teammates.  Jocelyn was reading a book, David was reading his Bible, Arturo and Cisco were whispering to each other in Spanish, Ox was asleep, and Keevan was listening to music on his MP3 player.  Jack was proud of his team's efforts to relax, but couldn't figure out why he was so restless.
After gawking at everyone and getting no response Jack started stretching his muscles.  He felt tense and he thought the stretching would calm him down.  Deep breath after deep breath entered and exited his lungs.  Jack's mind finally wandered to the gym at Davis.  He could somehow smell the stale odor of perspiration, gym equipment, and industrial air freshener.  Relaxation was coming and so were his thoughts of how to beat the Angels.  
His thoughts shifted to the Angels victory over the Mustangs.  The Angels Center had been the focus of the team's offense.  Every offensive play filtered through him making him the most important player on the court.  Jack's theory was simple.  Slow the pace of the game for the first half of the game and let Ox try to draw fouls from the Angels Center, then in the second half turn on the jets and run the Angels right out of the gym.  Jack could visualize the strategy; he hoped Coach would go for it.  
After Jack has stretched what felt like every muscle in his body and closed his eyes for a quick power nap Coach Roderick announced it was time to go back to the gym.  The entire team stood up and looked groggy.  Jack still felt energized and led the team to the gym.  On the way he relayed his strategy to Coach Roderick.  Coach had a different idea that Jack hadn't thought of.  His plan was to double team the Center with Ox and Arturo and frustrate the Angels offense.  Jack hadn't thought of that, but was willing to go with it. 
When they got to the gym the clock was winding down with the six seeded Vikings dribbling out the clock.  They had an eight point lead over the Warriors and seemed to be ecstatic over their victory.  Coach Roderick leaned over to Jack.
"This is their first year in the league...glad to see another inner city team advance."
"What part of the city are they from?"
"They're from Northwest Denver.  The high school over there invested money into developing a larger player base to prepare their future players.  Looks like it might be working."
Coach Roderick smiled at Jack.  Jack looked at the Vikings celebrating they were primarily comprised of Latino kids.  He turned to look at his own team and for the first time saw a rainbow of difference in color, skill, background, and beliefs unified in one purpose.  He knew they had beaten the odds no matter what happened on the court.
The opening tip was won by the Angels Center.  Jack was a little surprised by Ox's lack of aggression in going after the ball.  The Angels methodically distributed the ball around the court.  After several passes the ball went into the Center.  Arturo and Ox collapsed on the Center forcing him to kick the ball out to an open player.  The player quickly released the ball and scored two points.  
Keevan had no trouble bringing the ball up the floor.  The Angels did not apply any pressure to Keevan until he got to the three point line.  Ox was covered well by the Angels Center and the other players were holding their position.  Keevan eventually passed the ball to Arturo who was cutting toward the basket.  As he caught the pass he jumped in the air to lay the ball in.  The Angels Center flew in out of nowhere and blocked the shot.  The Angels picked up the loose ball, slowed down the ball, and resumed their casual pace into their offense.  
Jack felt like the Angels were lulling them into a trap.  He wondered if his plan or Coach Roderick's would truly work.  On this offensive trip the ball once again found the Angels Center, but this time he was fouled by Ox.  He went to the free throw line and made both shots.  Davis was down by four points early.  
Jack asked for Coach to call a timeout, but Coach signaled for them to keep playing.  Keevan brought the ball up court uncontested.   Jack signaled for him to drive the ball down low.  Keevan easily took the ball all the way in the point, put up a shot and was blocked by the Angels Center.  Jack cringed at the thought of not having an inside game.  
The Angels offense went to work again and once again came away with two points on an easy lay in from their Center.  Jack was getting frustrated, but knew he needed to keep things calm.  Keevan brought the ball up the court.  David set a pick for Jack who got open and released a three point shot that missed.  Nothing was going right for Davis.
The Angels offense went to work again and once again the ball was distributed through their Center.  He found another open player who made an easy two point shot.  The Angels were in control of the tempo and rhythm of the game.  Jack couldn't think of any ideas to spark his team.  Then he remembered something from the Angels Mustangs game.  He remembered the Center having a tendency to block every shot taken in the paint.  The only way the Mustangs scored was when he wasn't in the paint, but on one play Jack saw that a blocked shot could have been an easy two points if the Mustang player had passed the ball instead of shot it.  
Jack grabbed Ox as the trotted down the court.  He pulled him close to him.
"You're gonna get the ball and head fake, then pass to Arturo.  Got it?"
"I's gonna take dis guy."
"Just do it Ox!"
Jack called for the ball and Keevan passed it to him.  Jack dribbled his defender inside the three point line, he turned and passed the ball quickly to Ox.  Ox faked a shot drawing the Angels Center off the ground.  He bounced pass to Arturo who as wide open in the paint and Davis was on the board.  Jack rallied his team down the floor to set their defense.  The team was energized by the score.  
As the Angels set their offense the point guard surveyed the defense and called the play.  As he was watching their star Center he took his eyes off the ball.  David dove for the ball and knocked it loose.  Keevan picked it up and raced down the court for an easy layup.  Jack smiled, he knew his team was waking up from their rest in the dark hallway.  
The rest of the first half was a see saw battle as the Angels were still able to run their offense and Davis exposed the chink in the Angels Center defense.  Arturo and Ox were the primary scorers for Davis.  Jack did not take another shot the entire first half and at half time Davis trailed by three points.  
Coach Roderick called the team together at halftime.  He wasn't upset, but he certainly was not pleased by the first half of basketball.
"I'm going to make this real clear.  If we keep playing at their pace we will lose this game.  They have our base defense figured out.  I've let you stay in it because we've already played once today.  It's time to press this team.  I do not want them to get past half court without a fight.  They will use their Center to try and beat the press.  You've got to be ready Ox!  This game depends on you...stick to their Center at all costs and don't foul him!  I'm putting in Cisco for Jack to start the second half."
Jack lowered his head and gave a deep stare at Coach Roderick.  Coach scowled and dismissed the stare.
"Cisco and Keevan are going to run this team into the ground.  Arturo and Jocelyn will continue to rotate in and out...Jack will relieve David if we can pull ahead.  Let's get focused and run them down!"
Jack was shocked, but his teammates all cheered at Coach's plan and followed him energetically back to the court.  They took the court and immediately applied a full court press on the Angels.  The strategy worked as the Angels lost their first possession to a bad pass.  David picked up the lost ball and scored a layup.  The Angels couldn't break the press again and got called for a five second violation.  The Angels coach was irate over the call.  
Davis inbounded the ball and Cisco drove the ball in and dished a pass to Ox who went up and over the Angels Center for a hard fought basket and was fouled on the shot.  He turned the two point play into a three point play as he made his free throw shot and the full court press was on again.  This time the Angels got the ball past half court and set their offense.  They got the ball into their Center who struggled against Ox one on one.  Ox stood his ground and when the Angels Center leaned into him Ox fell to the ground and the Center made a basket, but a whistle was blown and the basket waved off.  Ox drew a charging foul.  
Davis was off and running again.  Keevan pushed the ball up the court and stopped to shoot the ball just outside the right side of the paint.  The Center came flying in for the block and Keevan hit Ox with a perfect pass for another two point score.
After the basket was counted Jack found himself on his feet cheering his team on.  He couldn't believe they were rising to the occasion.  Not only had Davis taken a four point lead, but it looked like they were in complete control of the game.  The Angels inbounded the ball to be greeted by Davis's full court press again.  The Angels called a timeout from the sideline and all the Davis players on the floor either pumped their fists or made a motion indicating masculinity or dominance.
Coach Roderick huddled them together.
"That's a good start team...before you get too excited I want you to hear something.  They are going to figure out how to break the press at some point and when they do we need to be ready.  I want Ox to sprint the court on defense and cover the paint.  You own this guy Ox!  You hear me!  You own him!  Arturo.  You stay at the free throw line while David, Keevan, and Cisco press.  Guard the long range shots.  We can take them!  Get out there and keep pressing."
Jack was completely enthusiastic by Coaches speech.  He hadn't seen him with so much vigor before.  
The Angels inbounded the ball and the press was once again in full force.  The Angels managed to pass the ball enough to avoid losing another turnover.  They somehow got set in their offense in a very clunky manner.  Once their offense was set they ran a similar offense to what they were running in the first half.  As the pass came into the Angels Center he was met by a ferocious Ox.  Ox didn't let him gain position or back him down.  A pass was distributed back to a perimeter player who made a quick shot and cut the lead to two.  
Ox quickly inbounded the ball.  The Angels turned and tried to trap Keevan who got the ball.  Keevan split the trap and passed the ball to Cisco. Cisco ran right by the Angels Center and put up a shot, but he wasn't completely clear from the Angels big man.  He was fouled hard and landed on his wrist awkwardly.  He stayed on the ground and winced in pain.  Coach Roderick went to check on him.  After a few minutes Cisco was escorted off the court.  Coach Roderick pointed to Jack and told him he was in for Cisco.  Jack jumped up off the bench and went in and shot Cisco's foul shots.  He made both shots.  
As the Angels were lining up to inbound the ball Keevan called for Jack to fall to half court.  Jack complied.  Keevan and David smothered the player who got the inbound pass.  The player let go of a wild desperation pass hoping that one of his teammates would pick it up.  Jack raced toward the ball and picked it up.  He was immediately surrounded by a couple of Angels.  David broke free towards the basket and Jack mustered a pass that David was able to pick up.  He scored an easy layup.  Davis had a six point lead and Keevan called for another press.
Jack could sense that the Angel players were beginning to get discouraged.  This time the Angels got off a clean inbound pass and immediately made quick passes up the floor avoiding the press.  Jack turned around to see Ox tangled up with the Angels Center below the basket.  Jack stayed on the perimeter thinking the Angels would try another midrange shot.  Keevan yelled for Jack to help Ox.  Jack went down low and helped Ox.  The Angels offense ran their offense and put in a high lob to their Center.  As he caught the ball he tried to get position on Ox and simultaneously dribbled the ball.  Jack was in perfect position to steal the ball.  He picked it away and immediately hit Keevan with a chest pass.  Keevan raced past his defenders and laid the ball in through the hoop for a Davis eight point lead.  
Davis did not let up for the rest of the half and as they dribbled off the final seconds of the half they had a thirteen point lead and a secured spot in the final four.  Keevan threw the ball in the air as the final buzzer sounded.  In congratulatory mode Davis shook the hands of their defeated opponents then cheered their convincing victory.  

Chapter 39:
Coach Roderick excused his team from watching the final game between the Yellow Jackets and Vikings, but most of the players stuck around.  Ox and Keevan found Jack sitting in the Davis section of bleachers as the final game was underway.  
"What up Jack!"
"Nothing Keevan...just checking out the game."
"We done take it to dem Angels!"
"Yes we did Ox...why don't you guys have a seat."
"Yo Manda girl lookin for ya,"
"She's here?"
"Keevan seen her in da hall and she come ask where you at."
"What'd you tell her?"
"Dat you be in da bleachers."
Jack stood up and hustled down the bleachers.
"Sorry fellas...I'll be back."
He could hear Ox and Keevan laugh, but he hadn't had much contact with Amanda since the incident at the Pizzeria.  He hoped she would still be in the hallway.  
When he got there Amanda was talking to Alan and a couple of his friends.  Jack stopped in his tracks.  He stared at Amanda and then felt the gaze of the boys around her.  Alan and his two buddies walked toward Jack.  Glancing around the hallway he noticed there was only a concession stand vendor and a couple of young kids playing games on their cell phones at a table.  Jack stood tall as the three Hawk players approached him.  Amanda straggled behind them. 
"What have we here boys...a little lost puppy?"
Jack glared at Alan in disgust.
"Shouldn't you be scouting your next opponent?"
"Don't tell me what I should be doing shorty."
"I'm not interested in going back and forth with you Alan."
"Then maybe we should just cut to the chase and take you outside."
Alan grabbed Jack's shirt.  Jack clenched his fist and looked up at the tall handsome bully.  Before he could react Amanda forced herself between the two of them breaking Alan's grip on Jack.  Alan instinctively pushed Amanda away knocking her to the floor.  Jack followed her to the floor hoping to catch her.  Before he could tell if she was alright he was being picked up by the back of his shirt and being hauled outside.  Jack covered his head as the three boys took him through a large doorway.  As soon as they were outside they let go of Jack dropping him on the cold ice laden cement.  Then Jack felt their shoes kicking him.  He continued to cover his head and face in the fetal position.  He could hear the boys cursing at him and saying something about being lucky he was getting beaten now.  Suddenly the kicks stopped and Jack was being picked up by Ox, Keevan, and Coach Roderick.
"What happened Jack?"
Jack looked into Coach Roderick's face a little dizzy.
"I came out to take to my friend and got jumped by those guys."
"Who were they Jack?"
"They play for the Hawks."
"Take Jack inside boys."
Jack watched Coach Roderick storm back in the school and talk to the man running the concession stand.  Then he disappeared.  Ox and Keevan helped Jack go inside and sit down at one of the tables.  Amanda came over and grabbed his hand.
"Are you alright Jack?"
"I'm fine...just a little shaken up...how'd you know what was going on?"
"Manda girl come find us and we grab coach."
"Good thinking Ox...thanks Amanda."
"He's gonna get what's coming this time Jack."
"What do you mean?"
"He's been bullying people too long Jack...he deserves to get punished."
"Who's gonna do anything?  Your dad won't suspend him and no one will believe me."
"They'll believe me Jack and your Coach saw it too."
"You don't get it...Coach's reputation is tainted with the league...they won't listen to him either."
"Well Keevan and Ox saw it too."
"You think this league run by a bunch of rich white guys is gonna believe a couple of black kids from the hood....come on Amanda, wake up!  They practically did everything in their power to keep us out of the tournament,"
"And you're still beating the odds."
"Maybe we are, but your brother is doing your dad's dirty work!"
"What are you trying to say Jack?"
"I'm saying that your dad runs this league and will do anything to win!  He doesn't care about anything else!"
"He does too!  He cares about me...and he cares about your mom."
"Well my mom better wise up to your lousy dad!"
Jack felt his heart sink as tears welled up in Amanda's eyes.  She looked at Jack as her tears started to stream down her face and she ran off.
"Way to go Jack...you just lost your only witness."
"Leave it alone Keevan...nothing's gonna happen anyway...let's go find Coach."
Ox and Keevan helped Jack stand up.  Jack could feel his ribs and back aching, but he managed to walk on his own into the gym.  As the boys entered the gym Coach Roderick was walking out.
"Where are you boys going?"
"We're gonna finish watching the game."
"Good....I'm going home...I can't take it anymore."
"Take what?"
"Let's just say we have a score to settle next weekend!"
Coach Roderick stormed out of the gym.  Jack looked at Ox and Keevan who both appeared just as shocked as he did.  They found seats on a lower bleacher and watched as the Vikings upset the tough Yellow Jacket team.  

Chapter 40:
Jack sat at the kitchen table staring at the phone.  Amanda was the main thing on his mind.  They hadn't talked over the phone in weeks and her abrupt departure from him at the tournament tormented him all week.  Coach Roderick's up tempo practices all week didn't affect the strong emotions he was feeling for Amanda.  Know it was the night before the tournament and he tussled with the decision to call her or leave things alone.  Ox had told him to leave it alone, that he had done enough damage.  Jack felt like he could make things right again, but he really just wanted to tell Amanda he was sorry.  
He picked up the phone and dialed Amanda's number.  He looked in the living room where Ox was falling asleep to a cop show on television.  The phone continued to ring and eventually went to voicemail.  Jack heard Amanda's voice.
"Hi this is Amanda.  Leave me a message."
Jack waited for the beep.  He thought about hanging up, but knew he needed to make an attempt to make things right.
"Before you delete this I just want to say I'm sorry.  I'm sorry for being a jerk about your dad.  I hope you can forgive me.  Bye."
Jack felt relieved as the words finally came out.  He didn't know if it was cowardly to apologize over a voice message, but he didn't know how else to do it.  Standing up from the kitchen table he stretched and started to walk into the living room when the phone rang.  Spinning around he grabbed the phone.  
"Hello."
"It's me."
"Amanda?"
"Yeah"
"Did you get my message?"
"Yeah, I got it."
"I should've called sooner...are you doing alright?"
"I'm fine."
"I really meant what I said...I was a complete jerk and I'm sure not calling all week hasn't helped."
"I don't know if I was ready for you to call any sooner."
"What do you mean?  Are you sure you're alright, you sound different?"
"Look Jack.  I can't really talk or see you anymore."
"Is that what you want?"
"I don't know what I want right now, but I don't think it's a good idea for us to be involved."
"I've felt bad all week about what happened."
"You shouldn't feel bad.  You were honest with everything you said, it just hurts when you hear the truth coming from someone else."
"You're not mad at me?"
"I got over that pretty quick, but I haven't got over how right you were."
"What are you talking about?"
"You were right about my dad.  He's only dating your mom to get close to you.  I overheard him tell one of the other coaches he was working on a plan to get you on his team next year and it involved your mom."
"Really?"
"I think he's going to ask your mom to marry him."
"What!  That's just stupid!  Why would he do that?"
"If he's married to your mom he'll have a lot more say about your life."
"Does he know how I feel about you?"
"What does that have to do with anything?"
"If he marries my mom you'll kinda be my sister."
"That's why we can't see each other anymore."
"I'm sorry Amanda, but all of this is crazy.  Are you coming to the games tomorrow?"
"I've got a swim meet tomorrow."
"What time does it get over?"
"Not sure, but they usually last all day."
"So you're gonna miss the games."
"Yeah.  Look Jack, just go do your best.  This might be the last time you'll be able to play without my dad hovering over you.  Promise me you'll win."
"I'll do my best for you.  Thanks for talking.  It really helped, more than you know."
"Not a problem.  See ya around?"
"Yeah...see ya around."
Jack didn't hang up the phone until he heard the line go dead.  Feelings of relief and anxiety hit him all at once.  He was thrilled that Amanda had forgiven him and couldn't believe the lengths that Greg would go to win in basketball.  Focusing on Amanda he pushed the other emotions aside and flopped on the couch to tune out the reality vacillating around him.

Chapter 41:
Sweat poured down Jack's forehead as he jogged off the court and high fived Cisco.  He turned to look at the scoreboard.  With less than two minutes to go in the game Davis had a commanding fifteen point lead on the Sharks and a date with the Hawks who easily defeated the Vikings in the other semifinal game.  
Jack sat down on the bench and smiled as he watched Cisco, Arturo, Jocelyn, Keevan, and Leon close out the game.  The Sharks managed to close the gap to nine points before time ran out.  When the final buzzer sounded the Sharks lined up and met the Davis team in a friendly handshake across midcourt.  Coach Roderick goaded his team out of the gym and into a locker room.  Jack could tell that the entire team was invigorated by the win.  He smiled and looked up at Coach Roderick who was ready to address the team.
"We've had some close games and we've had some blow outs.  You know what we're up against next.  The Hawks have not lost all year.  They have the highest scoring team in the league and one of the best front lines this league has ever seen.  Their coach is the founder of this league and every other team has a reason to be intimidated by them.  But you guys are different!  You are the only team to have challenged the Hawks successfully!  We match up against them better than anyone else!  We can beat them...we will beat them!"
The Davis team was practically on their feet by the time Coach Roderick finished his pep talk.  As the team regained composure Coach Roderick continued to talk.
"We've got a long break until the game tonight.  I want you to visualize a winning score on the score board until we come back tonight.  Go home and rest or do what you need to do to get ready...be back here at four o'clock and we'll warm up in the gym....and great job today!"
Jack got up and congratulated his teammates for making the final game of the tournament.  He knew instinctively that Davis had a tough road ahead, but he also knew that victory was possible.  Ox grabbed Jack by the shoulders.
"Where we be goin' for dat lunch Ms. H promise?"
"It's your call Ox, but no overeating.  We've got to be ready for the Hawks."
"We be ready country boy!"
"You know it!"
Jack and Ox left the locker room to look for Jack's mom.  When they got back to the gym she was talking with Greg.  Jack cautiously approached her, but was greeted by Greg's slimy charm.  
"Great game out there Jack, your mom invited me to go to lunch with you all."
Jack felt the hairs on his neck stand up.
"Don't you think that might be out of line?"
"Not at all Jack, we'll just be going as friends. No basketball talk...I promise."
Jack looked at Ox who shrugged his shoulders.  That would be the only gesture Greg needed to weasel himself into having lunch with two opposing players. 
Jack's mom insisted on driving.  She took them to a fifties themed diner that was nearby.  Jack was disgusted by the sweet talk coming out of Greg on the way to lunch.  He made several motions in the back of the car to Ox like he might throw up.  Ox giggled, but didn't react as harshly as Jack.  
          After they arrived at the restaurant and ordered their food, Greg started talking again.
"I've been talking a lot with your mom and felt like we should discuss where we all are headed."
Greg looked directly at Jack.
"What do you mean...we?"
"Look Jack. I love your mom a lot."
Greg reached down and grabbed Gina's hand.  
"We've talked about moving in together."
Jack jerked his head back.  He knew something like this was coming, but he thought it would be something more absurd like a marriage proposal.
"I'm not ready for something like that."
Jack looked at Ox and made a face begging Ox to rescue him from the situation.
"Honey...Greg and I are ready to take the next step in our relationship...we want to be together."
"Look mom, no disrespect, but I'm not ready for any of this.  We haven't even been in Denver for a year and I definitely don't need your boyfriend to be watching every move I make."
"Jack.  Greg's not going to watch every move you make."
"Then what's he doing?  Can't you see past his real motives mom?"
Jack glared at Greg with disgust.
"Slow down Jack...I'm doing this because I love your mom and we want more in our relationship."
"Do whatever you want on your own time, but I don't want anyone moving in with us!"
"I didn't say Greg would be moving in with us, we'd be moving in with him."
"Are you serious?  I'm not going!  There is no way I'll live in that house."
"Come on Jack.  Amanda would love to have you.  It would be just as much your house as it would be ours."
"I'm not gonna live with Alan!"
Jack caught a small smirk on Greg's face.
"Did you see that mom?  He's playing us.  I'm done here."
"No you're not Jack.  Sit down!...I took in Ox when you asked if he could live with us.  I'm asking to move in with Greg.  Now you can accept the fact that it's going to happen or you can be miserable."
"Well what about Ox?  Is he gonna move in with Greg too?"
"Your mom and I talked about it Jack.  We think it's best if we get him reconnected with his mom."
"No way!  You two are insane!  He can't go back to his crack head mom!"
"It be cool country boy...I figure it out."
"No Ox!  You're my family!  This is stupid...let's go Ox."
Jack stood up and walked away despite the protests from his mom.  Ox got up and followed him.  Jack turned his head to see his mom visibly upset and Greg trying to calm her down.  Without a plan or realization of the situation he now found himself in, Jack left the restaurant and walked back to the school with Ox tailing him.
When they got back the gymnasium was empty except for a janitor who was cleaning up some trash.  Jack sat on the first row of bleachers.  Ox sat down next to him.
"I knows it be hard when ma's and pa's act stupid."
"She's getting played Ox...she doesn't even know it and if I call Greg on it he'll deny it."
"Maybe it ain't so bad if y'all go wit Greg."
"Don't you see it Ox...it is bad.  He might have feelings for my mom, but he's really interested in me playing for his team and running my life.  My mom hasn't even thought about another guy since my dad left and now she's just letting her heart decide what's best for us."
"So whatcha gonna do?"
"Probably go where you go.  I'm sure mom will move in with Greg whether I like it or no and I'll just go with you...we'll find some place to live and make our own way."
"Nah Jack...dat ain't what's I want."
"You don't?"
"Nah...I wants a house likes we got now...I needs to get strong again and go to a good high school so I's can get to college."
"Are you serious?  Where is all this coming from?"
"My math teacher be talkin' to me...he cool.  I thinks I can do it."
"You can do anything you want Ox, maybe hanging out with me isn't the right path for you."
"Maybe...or maybe not...you give me mo' den' anyone has. We's brothers Jack."
"You're right Ox...we're brothers."
"Coach Roderick asked me dis week if I not likin' yo house dat I live wit him."
"Serious?"
"Yah...he be changin' dis year from last."
"You used to call him Coach Crazy."
Ox laughed and let out a big grin.
"He be cool."
Jack didn't know whether to laugh or cry with everything that was going on.  He was about to lunge in at Ox and give him a big hug when Jack's past walked into the gym.  
The man was medium height and build; he wore blue jeans and a flannel shirt that was buttoned all the way to his partially grown beard.  Jack knew who the man was at once and stood up in shock.  The man walked casually over to Jack.  As the man got closer Jack could see tears in his eyes.  
"Hi Jack."
The man could barely cough out the words.
"Hi Dad."
Jack's heart warmed and his stomach turned.  He had dreamed of finding his dad and had secretly hoped his dad would reappear in his life, but his sudden appearance left Jack more confused than joyful.
"What are you doing here?"
"I'm sorry I left Jack.  It was a mistake, a mistake I won't make again."
Jack stared coldly at his father who was ready to release his tears.
"Where have you been?"
"Mexico,"
"That's it?"
"Look Jack...I'm not proud of what I've been doing the last two years and I can't tell you everything that's been going on with me, but I'm here now and I've got a job in Denver.  I'd like to be part of your life again."
"What about mom?"
"She doesn't know I'm here.  I found you on the internet.  You wouldn't believe how may Jack Hampton's there are...anyway, I found the articles about you playing basketball and now I'm here."
"That's a great story dad."
Jack took a deep breath.  He consciously thought about dismissing his dad like his dad dismissed him two years ago, but he couldn't convince himself that it was the right thing to do.
"Alright dad, you can hang out and watch the final game, but you should know that mom's moved on."
"That's all I can ask for son...I just need a chance.  I'm not worried about your mom.  I'm sure she's done with me."
"She waited two years for you before she couldn't take it and we moved out here."
"It was a good move for her.  Is she happy?"
Jack looked over at Ox who had remained silent since Jack's dad walked in the gym.
"This is my friend Ox."
"Good to meet you Ox."
"Is good meetin' you sir."
"Mom's happy.  She has a boyfriend."
"I thought she might."
"He coaches the team we'll be playing against."
Jack's dad looked mildly surprised.
"How'd that happen?"
"Long story dad...Ox and I need to go find some food.  We'll meet you back here later ok?"
"Can I go get you boys something?"
"Dat'd be great!"
Jack scowled at Ox for jumping on the offer, but Ox looked returned the scowl with a look of innocence and hunger.
"I'll go round something up and come back."
Jack's dad waved and slowly turned to leave the gym.  
"Why'd you do that Ox?"
"I's hungry and he done offer up."
"This has been the worst day of my life."
Jack sat on the bleacher on put his face into his hands.
"I sees it like now you gots options."
"What do you mean?"
"Aight look, when yo ma say she movin' wit Greg you ain't got no place to go...now you got yo dad and he got a job, you live wit him."
"It's not that simple Ox...he looks different, he's probably doing something he shouldn't be and my mom won't let him just let me live with him."
"Dat's why you's got to use to yo advantage...tell Mrs. H. dat you gonna move wit yo dad less she stay where she at."
"You want me to play them against each other?"
"You can't go live wit dat rat coach and his chump son...make it work for you. For you!"
"I'll figure it out Ox.  Thanks for being here for me...I don't know what I'd do without you."
Jack gave Ox a masculine embrace.  

Chapter 42:
 Jack tuned out the noise filling the gymnasium as he watched Ox brace for the tip off against the Hawks.  As the ball floated into the air all the trouble of the day floated away with it.  Jack eliminated all the conversations he had had and could only think of one thing, beating Alan and the Hawks.  
Ox won the tip and Keevan ended up with the ball.  Keevan dashed up the court and split the unsettled Hawks defense for a quick two point lead.  Davis hustled back onto defense.  Coach Roderick started Keevan, Ox, Jack, Arturo, and Cisco.  He told them before the game that they would counted the Hawks front line with unparalleled guard play.  He emphasized that Jack would need to help out under the hoop defensively, but that the plan was to either penetrate and dish on offense or create three point opportunities.  
As the defense set the Hawks ran their quick strike offense.  Before Jack knew what was happening a Hawk player was jumping into him and making a two point shot.  Jack fell to the ground and no foul was called.  He hoped up and raced down the court.  He turned to see Keevan splitting a trap and passing the ball to Jack.  Jack turned around and dribbled, then set himself at the three point line and sunk a three pointer.   The small Davis crowd cheered as Coach Roderick signaled in a trap play for Keevan and Cisco.  
The Hawks handled the trap very routinely and pushed the ball up court to a wide open Alan.  Alan elevated himself under the hoop and laid the basket in the hoop.  Arturo made the inbound pass to Jack who was the only guard on the Hawks end of the court.  Jack dribbled the ball past half court and passed it to Cisco.  Cisco penetrated to the hoop and put up a floating shot that rattled off the rim.  The Hawks grabbed the rebound and were off and running again.  They flew down the court and mailed in another easy two pointer.  Jack took a couple deep breaths knowing that the Hawks onslaught of fast break basketball was going to continue most of the game.  
Keevan slowly brought the ball past mid court.  He passed the ball to Cisco on the left wing.  Cisco passed the ball into Arturo who found Ox cutting toward the basket.  Ox put the ball on the court with one dribble and elevated towards the hoop.  Two Hawk players stood in front of him with their hands held high.  Ox somehow avoided the defenders and worked the ball to hit the backboard and fall for two points.  Greg called a timeout after the shot counted and Ox not called for an offensive foul.  Jack listened to Greg berate the ref's as he walked to his bench.
Coach Roderick huddled his team together.
"I can't say I approve of playing big man ball, but it got them to take a timeout.  Let's stick with the plan.  We need to penetrate and dish.  They're leaving Jack alone out there.  We need to take advantage of that get some more three point looks.  When they start collapsing on you Jack you need to pass it down to Ox or out to Keevan.  They will over commit to any player who's hot.  Let's keep rotating who's hot and get them confused.  Ox, Keevan, and Jack this game is in your hands.  Let's do it."
Jack was already calculating how Greg would coach his team and what the Hawks might come out with.  He knew that Greg was a good X's and O's coach, but he also knew he was overly aggressive and that his team took on the same characteristic. 
The Hawks came out running and slightly outpace Davis down the court for another two point layup.  Keevan pushed the ball up the floor and got fouled as he nearly sunk a hard fought inside shot.  Alan was called for the foul.  Keevan went to the foul line and made both free throws.  
Coach Roderick call for a full press as the Hawks braced for the inbound.  The Hawks got the ball inbounds, but Cisco and Keevan blanketed the guard who had the ball.  Keevan stripped the ball loose and passed to Jack who hit an easy jump shot for two points.  Base defense was called and Davis had a head start down the court.  
   The Hawks methodically brought the ball up court and set their offense in motion.  Jack dropped down low to help.  He was quickly posted up by Alan.  Alan stuck his backside into Jack and called for the ball.  The ball came and Alan elevated for Jack's outstretched arms and sunk a two point bucket.  Alan looked down at Jack after the shot went down.  "I've got that all night dwarf boy!"
Jack hustled off down court.  Keevan brought the ball across mid court, turned on the jets, raced to the hoop, and kicked the ball back out to a wide open Jack.  Jack sunk another three point basket.  Alan looked at Jack in disgust and raced off down court.  The Hawks established their fast break pace and once again beat the Davis defense for two points.  
Keevan hustled up the court and called for Jack to be ready for another three point attempt.  Keevan drove the lane and passed the ball back out to Jack who sunk another three pointer.  Jack pounded his chest once and pointed at Keevan.  He knew what would come next.  
The Hawks formed their offense as Davis set their defense.  Alan was once again posting up Jack.  "I'm swatting that three junk in your face next time!"  Jack dug one of his knuckles into Alan's back.  Alan slammed his heel onto Jack's foot and spun toward the basket.  He caught a pass and scored for the Hawks.  Jack knew that Alan would embarrass him all day on defense, but it didn't matter.  Davis had the lead and wasn't backing down.  
Keevan dribbled outside the three point line waiting for a lane to open up.  When nothing did he passed the ball to Cisco at the top of the key.  Jack positioned himself on the right wing three point line.  Jack called for the ball and Cisco obliged.  When the ball came two Hawk defenders swarmed Jack as he had planned.  Arturo was left wide open under the hoop.  Jack forced the ball his way and he made an uncontested shot.  Davis was rolling, but so were the Hawks.  
The game continued to go back and forth in a similar manner for the rest of the first half.  The Hawks did not squander a single offensive possession and had twenty two points at half time.  Davis missed a few shots, but managed to score twenty four point and take a two point lead into half time. 
As the teams left the court Jack watched Greg come down hard on Alan and his teammates while they retreated to their locker room.  Jack and his teammates sat on a bench and waited for Coach Roderick.  David had substituted for Arturo for a short time during the first half, but other than that the starters had played the entire first half.  He could tell Keevan was tired and so was Cisco, but Ox looked in good spirits as did Arturo who had a good break.
Jack tried to review Davis's foul situation in his head.  Other than Arturo, nobody had any fouls according to his recollection.  As the team drank water and took some deep breaths Coach Roderick walked in.  He looked at his team and smiled.
"Do you all realize you are the first team this year to a take a lead into halftime against the Hawks?"
The team slowly smiled and Coach Roderick laughed then his face turned serious.
"We still have a second half to play.  We are tired, but we are strong.  Here's how it's going down.  We've only got one player with fouls, that's Arturo.  He's got two so he can still play, but we're going to foul the heck out of them this second half.  Jocelyn, Leon, you two are going to foul out of this game.  Jocelyn is going to start the second half for Arturo.  If the ball is anywhere close to you I want you to foul whoever has it.  When you get three fouls we'll bring Arturo back in, then Arturo will go in and David will go in for Ox.  David, I know you're a great defender, but we need to foul this team.  Take the foul if you can't stop the shot.  Guards!  No fouling for the guards.  You three are the key to winning this game and we need you in the entire second half.  Do not foul!"
"I know that fouling will slow down their offense, but they're a good free throw shooting team Coach."  
"Good point Jack.  The fouling is to keep us fresh.  They're going to score no matter what.  But even if we get a few breathers, we'll be better off at the end of the game.  It will also take them out of their rhythm on offense.  We're not going to out run them in the second half, this is the best plan I've got."
"It's good Coach.  We'll do it!"
Jack led Davis out of the locker room and had everyone stretch and loosen up before the second half started.  Jack tuned out the crowd.  He could hear his name being called, but he didn't want to lose focus on his task at hand.  The season had come down to one half of basketball that needed to be executed with perfection and no distraction would jeopardize that.  
The Hawks inbounded the ball to start the second half.  Jocelyn immediately got to work fouling one of Alan's friends who caught the inbound pass.  The Hawks were awarded the ball to be inbounded again.  This time the pass went to one of the guards.  The Hawks got the ball into Alan.  Jocelyn went flying in at him and hit his arms as he was getting ready to shoot.  Alan went to the foul line and calmly made both baskets.  Coach Roderick called in for his team to settle down.  Jack watched as Greg observed Coach Roderick.  
Keevan brought the ball up the court and passed the ball to Jocelyn who was left wide open.  When no Hawk player attempted to defend her she took a shot and missed.  The Hawks raced down the floor and got another two points in transition.  They took their first lead of the game and the crowd's volume increased.  
Once again Keevan dribbled the ball up the court.  The Hawks set their defense and Jack called for a penetrate and dish.  Keevan drove the ball towards the hoop and got hit hard by three Hawks.  Keevan got up a little shaken.  He limped to the free throw line and missed the first shot.  His second shot bounced around the rim and rolled in.  Keevan then dropped to the floor clutching his ankle.  The referee's called a timeout and Coach Roderick jogged out onto the court.  Jack knelt down next to Keevan.
"What hurts?"
"I came down wrong on my foot,"  
Keevan winced in pain as Coach Roderick arrived.
"You alright Keevan?"
"Don't think so Coach...it hurts pretty bad,"
"Alright, let's get you up...Jack take over...this is your team now.  You want Leon or David?"
"Give me Arturo coach.  If it doesn't go well call a timeout and we'll regroup."
Coach Roderick nodded and called Arturo to come out on the floor.  The Davis defense set themselves in their base look and waited for the Hawks offensive attack.  As scripted the Hawks brought the ball in low.  Jocelyn immediately fouled a Hawk player and put him on the line.  After he made the first three throw David subbed in for Jocelyn.  The second free throw didn't fall and Ox grabbed the rebound.  Ox pushed the ball up to Cisco who had three steps on the Hawks closest defender.  Cisco took the ball all the way to the hoop and scored to tie the game.  Jack pumped his fist in the air and set the base defense again.  
The Hawks came down the court ready to swoop in for another basket.  With three larger players down low the Hawks passed the ball several times before David got posted up.  David held his ground and Cisco snuck inside to strip the ball loose.  He picked up the ball and passed to Jack.  Jack targeted Ox with a pass; Ox was racing Alan down the floor.  Ox caught the pass and muscled his way in for a two point bucket.  Davis had regained the lead.  
The Hawks caught Davis in transitional defense and mounted a big layup over Arturo drawing a simultaneous blocking foul.  The Hawks had a chance to take the lead back.  The extra free throw went in and Arturo inbounded the ball to Cisco.  Cisco slowed the pace down and set the Davis offense.  He called for a high screen.  Ox came out and set a perfect screen for Jack who made an open three pointer.  
Jack yelled for his team to set the defense.  They got back to their positions and the Hawks came down court with full force.  The game continued to go back and forth.  Davis slowed down the Hawks by fouling and the Hawks returned the favor by taking cheap shots at every chance they got.  The high screen game worked well for Davis and Jack made five consecutive three pointers to keep Davis in the game.  With forty seconds to go Arturo had one foul left to give, Jocelyn had fouled out, and David had two fouls to give.  Ox had gotten in on the foul game and had also earned three fouls.  Leon was even worked into the rotation and grabbed a couple of key fouls that stopped some momentum surges by the Hawks.  Keevan continued to sit out with an iced ankle that was elevated on a chair.  The score had the Hawks in the lead by two points and the possession arrow favored Davis.  
The Hawks inbounded the ball for a possession that could seal them a victory.  Jack set the Davis defense against the blaring sound of the crowd.  The Hawks methodically worked the ball into the low post.  Arturo fouled the Hawk who got the ball sending him to the line for two foul shots.  Both foul shots were made and Arturo was forced out of the game.  With two players fouled out and one player injured Coach Roderick sent in Leon to the game.  
Twenty nine seconds remained on the clock.  Cisco scurried up the floor and Ox set another high screen for Jack.  The Hawks anticipated the call and smothered their three point shooting nemesis.  Jack put up the shot and was hit on the arm as he let the shot fly.  He looked past the crashing defenders to see the ball bank off the backboard and go in.  The referee blew his whistle signaling the chance for four point play.  Ox hugged Jack who glared with intensity at the court.  Jack approached the foul line and squared himself to the basket.  He let the shot go and tied the game.  
Davis rushed down the court as time ticked off the clock.  The Hawks were off to the races as well.  As Jack turned to set himself defensively his eyes met Alan who was charging right at him with the basketball.  Jack instinctively crouched defensively and grabbed Alan in big bear hug.  Alan bowled over Jack tumbling the two of them to the ground.  The referee blew his whistle and Alan jumped up off the floor and blatantly kicked Jack right in the stomach and cursed him.  Another whistle blew and Alan was given a technical foul and ejected from the game.  Greg came unglued on the sidelines and boos jeered out from the crowd.  The referee pointed to Greg warning him of another technical and he quickly calmed down.  Jack meanwhile tried to catch his breath after getting the wind kicked out of him.  
The referee helped Jack up and escorted him down the court to shoot two foul shots.  Jack shot the ball and missed the first shot.  Cheer echoed through the gym.  Jack made the next shot and he was able to muster a jog to go back to the other end of the court.  
A new player checked in the game for the Hawks and was placed at the line to shoot Alan's free throws.  He made both shots and the Hawks were once again up by a point.  Because of the technical foul the referee advance the inbound pass to half court for Davis.  Ox inbounded the ball to Cisco.  Jack fought hard to get open, but he wasn't able to move like he wanted.  As the game clock wound down to under ten seconds Ox rushed a high screen play.  Jack went through the motions, but was surrounded when he got the ball.  Through the crowd of defenders he saw Leon unguarded in the low post.  Jack fell to the floor and rolled the ball between the legs of a Hawk defender.  Leon picked up the ball and with three seconds on the clock took a shot.  The shot fell with less than two seconds on the clock giving Davis a one point lead.  
The Hawks raced to inbound the ball, launched a desperation court length shot that fell well short of its intended goal.  The buzzer sounded, Jack peeled himself off the floor and the Davis team mobbed Leon.  Ox lifted Jack up and Keevan smiled as he hopped onto the court.  As Jack looked over Ox's shoulder he could see Alan kicking over a chair and Greg grabbing Alan by the jersey and screaming in his face.  The other Hawk players moseyed away from the confrontation.
Coach Roderick jumped into the celebration and called his team to hover over him.
"You all left everything on the court this season!  You are the best team I've ever been a part of!  Let's go get that tournament championship trophy!"
The acting league commissioner came to center of the court and begrudgingly awarded the Davis team it's hardest fought championship.  Most of the crowd dispersed, but the the Davis faithful cheered on their team.

Chapter 43:     
Jack surfaced from the celebration and crash landed back into reality as his mom and dad stood at least ten feet apart not acknowledging one another.  Jack walked towards them and before he could speak his mom raised her voice.
"I will not allow you go with your father Jack.  You need to come home with tonight, no matter what happened between us today."
Jack stopped to think through the details of what occurred prior to Davis's hard fought victory.  He knew he would not budge on his stance of moving in with Greg and he didn't want to put all his chips on his dad's sudden change of heart.  
"I'm not leaving until the three of us talk."
Jack's mom sighed and closed her eyes.  His father nodded in consent.
 "Look.  I don't know where to start, but we used to be a family and we used to work through everything together.  I don't know what's happening today and I don't know why all of this happened on a day that should have been a celebration.  I love you both and I know what I need for in my life.  I need you both."
Jack's mom held back her emotions while his dad slouched and looked at the ground.
"Jack honey.  I love you too.  We'll work something out."
"We need to work it out now mom, I won't leave until it's worked out."
"Is it true that you're seeing someone Gina?"
"You have no right to be part of this, but I'm allowing it because Jack wants it that way."
"I'm not proud of what happened Gina."
"Not proud!  You should've stayed in that slum instead of groveling back to me."
"Do either of you want to let me know what you're talking about?"
"Your mother is kicking me to the curb Jack."
"Does she know where you've been?"
"Yeah...she knows."
Jack's eyes widened and pierced his gaze at his mom.
"I didn't tell you because I thought you wouldn't understand."
"I asked you about him every day we lived in Parsons and you told me you didn't know.  You lied to me mom." 
"I protected you Jack and I would do it again."
"Fine...so where have you been?"
Jacks full attention shifted to his dad.
"You told me it was a long story, let's hear it."
"Jack I don't think you're old enough to understand."
"Damnit Dad!  I'm almost fourteen!"
"Fine.  When the recession hit, your mother and I started struggling financially.  I picked up some odd jobs around Parsons.  One of the jobs was making deliveries to Missouri.  I guess you could say I was the middle man.  I didn't know what I was delivering until I got run off the road by a motorcycle gang.  They told me they were looking for a guy that fit my description who had been running stolen property along back roads."
"What did they do?"
"The roughed me up a little and took the package I had with me in the back of the truck.  As they left they made a comment about getting their drugs back.  I went back to the guy that hired me and told him what happened.  He told me that I owed him money for losing the package.  We got in an argument because I told him I wanted out.  He showed me a picture of you playing at the school and of mom working in the front yard.  I knew they weren't pictures we had taken; he'd been watching you both.  He said I could pay off the debt if I worked for him on the border.  I didn't have any other way to make up the money so I told your mom I had to go to work for him.  He didn't say how long or anything like that, he told me there'd be a truck to take me down there in a few days.  I had to do it or he'd hurt you and your mom."
Jack watched his father shed tears for the first time.  He looked at his mom who was restraining herself from becoming emotional.
"I don't know how many laws I've broken over the last two years paying off my debt, but I sent your mom four or five letters while you were still in Parsons.  I couldn't send money.  They had me watched so close I thought I'd never get out.  I finally earned their trust enough to let me go and I came to find you."
"You're a drug dealer?"
"No son, I'm not a drug dealer.  I got mixed up with the wrong people, that's all." 
"Tell him about what you did while you were down there!"
"He's too young Gina.  I'm not going to tell him."
"Do you want me to trust you dad?  You've got to tell me."
"I hurt people Jack."
"You told mom this?"
"I didn't have a choice.  If I didn't do it they would hurt you."
"Do they know where we are?"
"I don't know Jack.  I know they let me go free and clear.  They didn't have to, but they did.  I had a choice to stay and I came here to find you.  Does that count for something?"
"It's too late to count.  Jack and I are leaving."
"No we're not!  We're talking this out!"
"There is nothing left to talk out Jack!  Your father is a druggy and a criminal!  We're leaving."
Jack's mom quick stepped to Jack and took him by the hand.  As she pulled to leave Jack remained firm in his position.
"I said we're not leaving!"
"I can't do this Jack!  I can't be around him, he's destroyed himself.  He's not who he used to be."
Jack's mom couldn't hold back the tears any longer, she started to sob.
"I'm not going to leave with him mom.  I don't even know if he has a real place to stay.  I just need to get this figured out."
"There nothing left to figure out Jack honey.  He's not fit to be with you and he knows it.  Now that he's back he can file for a divorce and we can figure it out in court."
"Why would you get divorced?"
"Because I don't love him anymore and he loves something much more than me."
"Is it true dad?"
"I'm going to get help Jack.  It doesn't have to be like this."
Jack looked at his father who was falling apart.  His father looked ashamed and scared. He wiped his tears and turned to walk out of the gym.
"Don't go Dad!"
"He doesn't have a choice Jack. He can't deal with the choices he's made.  He needs to get help."
Jack started to cry as his mom held him close.  His father kept walking and didn't look back.  He was abandoning Jack again and this time Jack knew it was deliberate.  He fell to the ground and cried into his mom's blouse.  She comforted him as they sat isolated on the same court Jack had just triumphed in victory.

Chapter 44:
"Jack!  Ox!  The movers are here!"
"We know mom, we're already outside."
Jack watched the truck back into the driveway of the house and inched closer to the garage full of boxes.  Jack couldn't be happier on his first day of summer vacation.
"Did you boys get all the stuff from the basement Greg told you take?"
"We got it mom.  I still can't believe he gave us half of the stuff in this house."
"He's not that bad of a guy Jack."
"I know mom, but I'm glad you stopped dating him."
"You know I don't handle people with hot tempers and his definitely came out on the basketball court."
Jack clutched his ribs.
"How could I forget?"
"You ain't still hurt you baby."
Jack jabbed at Ox and Ox jabbed back and then bear hugged Jack.
"Knock it off you two.  If we're gonna make this work we've got to be on our best behavior."
"It's gonna work fine mom.  You got the guardian ship papers signed, right?"
"Yes.  Ox's mom was thankful that we agreed to take care of him."
"It's kinda like getting a brother."
"You be white country boy, I ain't yo brother."
Ox let out a huge smile.
"Whatever...I get to live with you that's all I care about."
"So what?  You don't care about me?"
"Come on mom, I care about you too.  I helped you get this job didn't I?"
"You coerced Mr. Roderick into giving it to me."
"I just told him you were looking for something different, I didn't know the University was looking for a new events scheduler."
"You knew...you just wanted to be close to your old Coach."
"It's just a good move for you to make something on your own."
"You be talented Mrs. H.  Dis be a good fit."
"Thank you boys.  I appreciate your support, but I'm really doing this so we can be close to the mountains."
"Can you believe we're gonna be living right next to them?"
"It's pretty neat Jack.  This is going to be a good move for us.  We're turning a corner."
"You're turning the corner mom.  By the way, does dad know we're moving?"
"I saw him yesterday when you were at school.  He knows."
"Is he getting better?"
"It's taking a lot of time, but he sounds better."
"Is he still sad about your divorce?"
"Yeah, he's taking it pretty hard, but he still loves you.  He told me he wanted to come to one of your games when he gets out in the fall."
"We'll just be practicing in the fall, but I guess he can come to a practice."
"I'm sure he'll be there and we'll all be anxious to see Ox play high school ball."
Ox got embarrassed.
"I's gonna be da only black fool on my team."
"You're gonna be the best on your team Ox.   And you only have to hold the team together for a year before we get to play together."
"I still ain't believin' you be playing for da sorry Bruins next year."
"Hey pal...they made the tournament and Alan's missing half the games next year so I'm thinking it's anybody's game."
"Just rain da three's Jack...rain da three's!"
Jack looked at Ox and remembered their first one on one game in the alley.  He didn't think that game would change his life.  Gratitude filled his heart for a homeless boy who took the time to teach him to trust in others, work hard, and never give up.
