

TOUCHSTONE

By Lorraine Orman

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2013 Lorraine Orman

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Visit Lorraine Orman at http://www.story-go-round.net.nz
http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/LorraineOrman

ISBN 978-0-473-23972-5 (EPUB)




Table of Contents


Prologue: 1932
Chapter 1: Crashing
Chapter 2: Battling
Chapter 3: Eco-warriors
Chapter 4: Revelation
Chapter 5: Victory?
Chapter 6: Journey
Chapter 7: Confrontation
Chapter 8: The Singing Tree
Chapter 9: Blood Vow
Chapter 10: First Skirmish
Chapter 11: Ghost Town
Chapter 12: Olden Days
Chapter 13: Matters of the Heart
Chapter 14: Death and Life
Chapter 15: Lifelines
Chapter 16: Dark Times
Chapter 17: Overheard
Chapter 18: Into the Wild
Chapter 19: The Camp
Chapter 20: The River
Chapter 21: Clues
Chapter 22: Bombshell
Chapter 23: Bad Times
Chapter 24: Burton’s Mound
Chapter 25: Flight
Chapter 26: Refuge
Chapter 27: Crunch Time
Chapter 28: Betrayal
Chapter 29: Double-cross
Chapter 30: Company Man
Chapter 31: Truth
Chapter 32: Brother, Sister
Chapter 33: Sisters
Chapter 34: Geordie’s Cat
Author’s Note
About the Author




Prologue: 1932


Iris felt a tear in the corner of her eye. I’m not crying, she told herself. It’s just the night wind making my eyes water. She changed her suitcase to the other hand and wiped the sleeve of her heavy coat across her cheeks. Her skin was so cold she was barely aware of the scratch of the wool.
She couldn’t feel her feet either, despite the stout leather boots she was wearing. She wriggled her toes until they tingled. That’s better. She had to keep climbing. She needed to reach the dam by one o’clock. Geordie’s message had said he wouldn’t be able to wait for very long.
She shifted the suitcase to her other hand. It felt as if it was packed with stones, not clothes. When you’re leaving one life behind and rushing headlong into a new one, it’s hard to know what to take with you. She was bound to have left something behind. Photographs, for instance. Her heart pinched in her chest. Oh, no. She didn’t even have a photograph of Ma and Pa. 
It doesn’t matter, she thought. I’ll see them again. When Geordie and I are settled in Christchurch and I’ve got a bonny wee baby to show them – their first grandbaby – they’ll forgive me for what I’m doing tonight. 
She stopped and put the suitcase on the ground. She peered at her wristwatch, a precious present from her parents on her eighteenth birthday, only two months ago. The face of the watch was barely visible in the light of the moon, flickering and dimming as clouds raced across the sky. She squinted hard. It was quarter to one. I’m going to make it in time, she thought. The dam is just over this ridge.
She looked back. The rocky landscape falling away behind her was eerie in the moonlight, with mounds and crags throwing long shadows across the icy ground. She could make out a handful of lights marking the distant valley – all that was visible of Craghead, the coal-mining town she’d left an hour ago. She couldn’t see the Tasman Sea but she knew it was out there, beyond Craghead, beyond the edge of the coal plateau, down, down, down. The sea would be huge and black, with a silvery pathway painted across it by the moon. 
A couple of times she and Geordie had managed to sneak away in the evenings to a secluded lookout in the bush on the edge of the plateau. They’d gazed out over the sea, watching the orange sun sinking below the curve of the horizon. “We’ll sail over that horizon one day,” Geordie told her. “We’ll save our money and buy our tickets and have a slap-up holiday in Sydney.” 
Iris sighed. Sailing to Sydney was an impossible dream. Escaping from Craghead was difficult enough, but she had no choice. She had to keep going. She picked up her suitcase and concentrated on putting one foot in front of the other. Only another hundred steps to go.
Eventually she crested the ridge and was rewarded with the sight of an expanse of lake, dark and glittering. Waves splashed against the rocks marking the shoreline, driven across the surface by the biting wind. The place was unwelcoming, not at all how it looked during the day. The swaying reeds and green water made it a favourite picnic spot for the people of Craghead. Foolhardy boys even swam in it at the height of summer.
Tonight the dam was full to overflowing. A week of rain had made the mountain creeks swell to five times their usual size. The spillway on the earthen wall of the dam was a silver waterfall thundering down to the creek bed thirty yards below. 
Iris shivered. Her watch said it was bang on one o’clock. Where are you, Geordie, she thought. I’ll freeze to death if I have to stand around here for too long. She lowered herself on to a rock and hunched her shoulders, instinctively trying to protect the tiny baby in her womb.
Fifteen minutes passed. Iris’s feet felt like blocks of ice. Now that she wasn’t moving the wind was a knife slicing into her. She pulled her felt hat down over her ears and tied her scarf tighter round her neck. 
Another five minutes passed. Iris stood up and stared around. The reeds rustled in the wind, waves bustled across the lake, a lonely waterbird cried from the bushes on the other side. 
A deep unease crept into Iris’s thoughts. He was late. What if Geordie wasn’t coming? What if he never intended to come? What if he had always planned to escape on his own without a pregnant sweetheart in tow?
Her straining ears caught the sound of rocks knocking together, then a scrape of gravel as a boot slipped on the path. She spun round. “Geordie? Is that you?”
A tall figure loomed in front of her. “Iris,” a voice said gently. “I thought you might still be here.”
“Archie!” she gasped. “Where’s Geordie? You told me Geordie said he’d meet me here at one o’clock. It’s gone half past!”
“I’m sorry, Iris,” Archie said, stooping to peer into her face. “I had a feeling this might happen.” He touched her cheek. “You’re frozen.”
Iris shook her head as if an insect had brushed it. “What do you mean? What might happen?”
Archie’s craggy face looked even more sombre than usual. “My brother isn’t the most reliable person in the world. You of all people should know that, Iris.”
“What do you mean?”
“He said to tell you he’d meet you here at 1 a.m., but he slipped away from home hours ago, telling Mam some cock-and-bull story about going to visit his mate Shorty in Blackstone Bay. Just after four o’clock, still daylight it was.”
“But he said he had to find a horse. He was going to steal a pit horse. That would take him a few hours, wouldn’t it?”
Archie shrugged regretfully. “I’ve just come from the stables at the mine entrance. All the horses are settled down for the night, happily chewing on their hay.”
“Maybe he was going to steal one from somewhere else?”
“He’s not coming, Iris. He’s miles away by now, likely having a dram with one of his rascally mates in Westport.”
“But he had it all planned! The horse would take us across country to Westport - so Pa couldn’t track us on the road. Then we’d lie low till we could find a way to get to Christchurch.” Tears stung her eyes. “He told me a dozen times what we were going to do.”
Archie checked his watch. “Iris, if he was coming he’d be here by now. He was spinning you a yarn. Come on, let’s go back to town. You’re chilled to the bone, I can see you shaking.”
Iris bent her head and let the tears flow. Archie put his arm round her. For a second she resisted – he was the wrong brother, he felt wrong, he even smelled wrong - but she was so cold and wretched. Archie was warm and strong. It wouldn’t hurt if she snuggled against him until her blood started moving again. 
Archie put both arms round her and held her close. “I’ll look after you, Iris,” he whispered into her ear. “I’ll see you safely home.”
The breath caught in her throat. “I can’t go home,” she gasped. “They’ll kill me.”
“Course they won’t,” said Archie.
“There’s a . . .” Iris choked over the word. “I’m going to have a baby. Geordie’s baby. That’s why I went along with his crazy plan to run away from Craghead.” She dashed the tears from her cheeks. “When Pa finds out he’ll go after Geordie with his shotgun. He always swore he’d never let me marry a coal miner.”
Archie drew in a deep breath. “A bairn? You’re sure?”
“Of course I’m sure!”
“Have you told Geordie?”
“Oh, yes. Once he knew he was going to be a father all he could talk about was getting away from Craghead.” Fresh tears slid down her cheeks. “And now he’s gone without me! Oh, Archie, what am I going to do?”
Archie tightened his hold on her. “We’ll go back down the hill and rouse your parents out of bed. You’re going to sit in front of a roaring fire and have a nice cup of tea and get warm again. And then we’ll talk about what to do. All of us together. I have an idea that just might put things right.”
Archie’s voice sounded so firm and sure, so sensible, that all Iris could do was lean against him and bury her face in the warm wool of his jacket. “Yes,” she whispered. “Thank you, Archie.” 




Chapter 1: Crashing


It’s true that bad things come in threes. It happened to me. I survived the first two bad things by turning myself into a snail, curling tightly inside my shell. I tried not to think about anything at all – snails don’t think, do they?
But then the third catastrophe happened. This time the snail trick didn’t work. I felt as if someone had stepped on me. Deliberately.
I was on my way home from school. James Blunt was crooning through my earplugs, which meant I wasn’t thinking about anything. His music always soothes the voices in my head. 
Paul’s van was parked in the driveway. What’s going on? Paul’s always out renovating houses at this time of day. I switched off my tranquilliser music and peered through the side window of the van. It was jammed with bulging black plastic rubbish bags. They looked obscene, like innards. 
When I spotted a barbell on the floor of the van, a cold weight settled in my stomach. Paul must be moving out. 
Paul was my mother’s latest partner, boyfriend, lover, toyboy, whatever you want to call him. Foolishly, I’d allowed myself to believe he was permanent. He’d lasted a whole year, twice as long as any of the others. 
He was the builder Mum had hired to do a series of renovations on our old villa. At the end of the job he just sort of stayed on. He’s a straight up and down guy, what you see is what you get. He likes hefting beams, cracking jokes, and working out. He’s a few years younger than Mum and excellent eye candy, according to my friend Mandy. Sorry, ex-friend. 
Paul was sitting on the sofa in the lounge, arms folded, staring at the floor. He’s a big guy, as muscular as the blokes in the hardware shop ads, but today he looked like he’d shrunk.
 “Hey, Paul,” I said.
He looked up and tried to grin but it didn’t work. “Skye. I couldn’t go without saying goodbye. Hi and ’bye. How’s that for poetry?”
“You’re moving out?” 
“Eden gave me my marching orders,” he said.
“I’m sorry,” I said. “She’s a cow. She’s got this awful disease called anti-commitment. Can you . . . maybe we could keep in touch? Meet up for coffee or something?”
He twitched an eyebrow. “Skye, you know I don’t drink coffee.”
“Sorry. Green tea, then? Juice?”
He shook his head and stood up. “Your mother made it pretty clear she doesn’t want to see me again. Reckon that includes you, too.”
The weight in my stomach got a whole lot heavier. “I’ll miss you,” I blurted.
“Same here.” He held out his arms and I walked into them. He was the only one of my mother’s boyfriends I’d been able to hug without feeling icky. All those muscles made me feel safe. He must have just had a shower because he smelled of Mum’s organic rose soap.
I stepped back. “Where are you going?”
He shrugged. “One of my mates has a spare room in his flat. I’ll be okay.”
“I won’t be,” I mumbled.
He brushed the fringe out of my eyes. “Don’t let her muck you around, Skye,” he said. “Stand up to her. Be staunch. I got through to her because I made her laugh. Well, I did till yesterday.”
“It’s not you,” I said. “I’ve seen this before. She’s all starry-eyed at the beginning but when the guy gets too serious, she does a U-turn.”
“Yeah. Well, maybe asking her to marry me was a bit of a no-no.”
“I guess.”
Paul moved to the door. “Goodbye, Skye.” His eyes were shiny and his chin was trembling. “It was great knowing you. You’re a good kid.” 
“Can I text you?” I asked. “Just to say wassup? Please?”
“Okay,” he said. “You’ve got my number - but don’t tell your mother.”
Then he was gone. I listened as the van started up, growled its way down the driveway, and revved out onto the road.
In the space of two months I’d lost three important people. The first to go was my running buddy, Alison. Her family moved to the other side of the city and I ended up pounding the streets with only James Blunt for company. 
I’d been running three times a week with Alison for two years. She was the perfect companion. She didn’t talk, didn’t interrupt my hibernation process. She just ran, efficiently and silently, at my shoulder. She went to a different school, but we’d run into each other on the street (literally) and started meeting up and running together almost without discussing it.
The next person to go was my best friend, Mandy. Well, she didn’t really go anywhere. She just faded away when she fell in love with Damien. It was a match made in heaven because they’re both Beautiful People. I always felt I should be strewing rose petals in front of them. They started spending all their free time joined at the hip, which meant Mandy had no time left over for me. I tried hard not to be jealous - but I was.
Mandy’s big romance also meant I lost my surrogate family. My real family. Mandy and I have been friends since we began primary school on the same day. Mandy has two happily married parents, a hunky older brother called Dan (I’ve never told Mandy I think he’s hunky), a pesky younger brother nicknamed Stinky, and an overweight Labrador dog called Smudge who likes washing faces. The ideal urban family, in other words. 
All through primary and intermediate school I lived part-time with Mandy’s family. Her mum and dad invited me to the beach, the zoo, the movies. For years I slept over at Mandy’s house at least once a week.
Mandy’s mum said I was their peacekeeper. Everyone, especially the boys, behaved better when I was around. I think it was just that I kept Mandy from scratching her brothers’ eyes out. But once Damien appeared on the scene and the fairytale romance blossomed, my invitations became few and far between. 
Now Paul was gone too. I liked having him round because he never played games with people’s heads. If he didn’t approve of what was going on, he said so. He was a good influence on Mum. When he was making her laugh, she stopped tearing strips off me.
I sat in the warm spot on the sofa that Paul had just vacated, listening to the house. Empty houses vibrate with a low hum, almost below hearing level. I guess it’s the noise of appliances doing their thing – but to me it’s always been the sound of aloneness. This time I could hear it loud and clear.
Eventually I got up and went to my room, where I found Isis sleeping on my bed. She’s an Abyssinian, feline version. She’s beautiful, elegant, and super-intelligent. I love her heaps – but I love her more than she loves me, if you know what I mean. She studied me, gauged my state of misery, and jumped off the bed. “Some friend you are,” I said to her skinny tail as it flicked through the door.
I sat down at the computer and logged on to my Facebook profile. Mandy and I had set up our pages together six months ago. I went for the highest level of privacy. The idea of strangers reading my personal details made my skin crawl. As a result mine is probably the least visited page on Facebook. I have only ten Friends, and they’re all from my class. Nobody ever leaves me a message.
I stared at my Facebook photo. Mandy snapped it last year. I was standing on a wooden bridge at Piha, wearing a short T-shirt over my togs. I was ducking my head, trying to hide behind the ragged bob haircut that was meant to make me seem edgy and intriguing. My legs looked as thin as twigs. A decent puff of wind would blow me off the bridge and into the swamp. 
I couldn’t stop looking at the girl in the photo. I stared for so long that I forgot the face was mine. Who is that girl? What a loser. She’s so ordinary, so dull, there should be a hole where her head is. I put my thumb over the face on the computer screen. That’s better.
I decided to do it properly. I mucked around until the photo of me was gone. Then I substituted a picture of Barbie. An empty plastic shell. 
I transferred over to Mandy’s profile. She has over one hundred Friends. Her photo file is packed with pictures, including dozens of photos of her and Damien taken at the school ball. I skimmed through them, remembering.
When Damien made up his mind to invite Mandy to the ball, he had to get in ahead of two of his mates who’d both let slip they were thinking about inviting her. It was like one of those glitzy reality shows – Get the Girl! 
At the crack of dawn one Sunday morning Damien knocked on Mandy’s front door, waking up the whole family. He’d cycled five kilometres to her place in his sexy Lycra cycling gear. Mandy said she couldn’t take her eyes off the bulges. I think she meant his muscles. 
Of course she said yes to his invitation, even though she was wearing yellow pyjamas with bees on them and still had sleep in the corners of her eyes. I knew this because I had been sleeping over at her place that night and I was spying on the two of them from the top of the stairs. 
On the way to the ball, six weeks later, Damien gave her a posy of yellow roses with a tiny artificial bee hidden inside. It was totally romantic. 
I gazed at the single photo of Mandy and me taken at the ball. Mandy looked ravishing in a strapless gold mini-dress. Her blonde hair was piled on top of her head with cute ringlets framing her face. She went in and out in all the right places.
 You know how it is with two friends, there’s always one who’s prettier, smarter, sexier. The one who catches everybody’s eye, the one who’ll give anything a go. That’s Mandy. 
I’ve always been the other one, the offsider. The skinny one who blushes and gets all tongue-tied. Boys glance at me for half a second before their attention zooms back to the main act. 
In the photo I was wearing a baby-blue satin sheath with a silver belt that looked fine when I tried it on in the shop. Standing beside Mandy at the ball, I looked like an anorexic twelve year old. I’d washed and blow-dried my hair but it hung round my face like a torn brown curtain.
My name is Skye Saunders so my initials are SS. I know that stands for Hitler’s Schultz Staffen but it also stands for smart and sassy, which is what I am on the inside. And for shy and subservient, which is what I am on the outside. And for sullen and spoilt (sometimes even stupid) which is what my mother often calls me. 




Chapter 2: Battling


Is it normal to hear people’s voices inside your head? Seems like there’s always someone in there telling me what to do. Usually it’s Mum. Often it’s Mandy. Sometimes it’s my teachers, especially my chemistry teacher, who’s a sarcastic brute. Very occasionally it’s Paul’s voice. So am I crazy or what?
When will I hear a voice in my head and know it’s mine?
I turned the computer off and flaked on my bed. I picked up the chick-lit novel I was reading, stared at the impossibly beautiful girl on the cover, and put it down again. I didn’t feel like doing anything. I just felt – blah. I started counting the fly spots on the ceiling – thirty-three, thirty-four . . . Maybe I should say something to Mum about getting the cleaning lady to wipe the ceiling...
I must have fallen asleep because I woke up with a start when Mum banged the front door. Isis was curled up beside me. Obviously I was more attractive when I was asleep.
My mother is one of those maddeningly energetic people who make a huge success of everything they do. She believes you can get whatever you want in life with positive thinking and one hundred and ten percent enthusiasm. 
Fifteen years ago she established an alternative health shop called Garden of Eden. Naturally it’s made heaps of money. She also set up a local support group for women who need help with their problems, both physical and mental. It’s so popular there’s a six-month waiting list. 
She’s, like, totally into yoga. Oh, did I mention she’s also a strict vegetarian?
The only fly in her organic face cream is – me. I haven’t turned out the way I was meant to. She wanted a younger version of herself – confident, outgoing, smart, bursting with ideas and initiative. A chip off the old block, as Paul would say.
But she got me instead. A rude, uncooperative adolescent, sulky and self-obsessed. Always doing the wrong thing. Always making the wrong decision. A mirror image of herself – not. 
Mum and I drive each other crazy. We can’t agree on anything. IMHO, the therapeutic power of crystals – which she totally believes in – is a load of new-age crap. I also have no interest in including more iron in my diet because I’m quite happy eating meat whenever I can get it. And several times I’ve let slip that I think people doing the cow-cat pose look like freaks.
Mum can’t understand why I don’t care about being successful. She thinks I should have dozens of friends at school instead of just Mandy. I should work harder at my studies and come top of the class instead of comfortably in the middle. I should join the athletics team and win prizes for my running, instead of spending hours pounding the streets on my own like some crazy person. 
The worst feature of our relationship is that Mum is always right. I’ll rephrase that, Mum thinks she’s always right. When she’s always right, it means I’m always wrong. Being wrong all the time really sucks. 
Mum peered round my bedroom door. As always she looked fit, alert, brimming with health and enthusiasm. With her sparkling complexion and blonde highlights, she didn’t seem old enough to be the mother of a sixteen-year-old daughter. All her boyfriends say that when they meet me for the first time. It makes me feel about six years old.
“What’s this?” she said, wrinkling her nose. “Asleep? Bit late for a nap, isn’t it?”
I dragged myself into a sitting position. Paul had told me to stand up to her. Could I? Really? My basic problem is that I’m a coward, a total wimp. Everyone likes me, everyone thinks I’m nice as pie, but that’s just because I’m a wobbling mass of jelly inside. Nice girls like me don’t do brave. 
I certainly don’t pick fights with Mum. It’s so not worth it. The only way I manage to stand up to her is to go into snail mode, all my soft parts hidden away. In other words, being sullen and uncooperative.
But Paul’s dumping couldn’t go unmarked. I owed it to him. I stared at Mum with what I hoped was a steely gaze. “Paul’s gone,” I said. 
“Okay,” she said with a little shrug. It was as if I’d told her we’d run out of toilet paper.
“You could have given me a bit of warning.”
She didn’t even have the grace to look guilty. “He went all clingy. Kept on trying to take me over. I need space in a relationship.”
“Couldn’t you have just asked him to back off a bit?”
She was poised in the doorway, ready to dash off to the shower. “Skye, it’s over now. And it’s none of your business.”
Normally I would have shut my mouth and looked away and that would have been the end of it, but something made me persevere. Maybe it was the memory of Paul’s teary eyes and the way he’d kept opening and closing his hands, like he was trying to hold on to water. 
“I know,” I said. “You had to end it just like you ended it with Dave and Stephen and Vince and . . . oh, I forget. You’ve been cutting men off at the knees for so long I can’t even remember their names.” I leaned over and wrapped my arms around my legs, trying to control the shaking. I didn’t know if I was trembling with anger or fear. 
Mum’s eyes widened. “Skye! Mind your manners. This is nothing to do with you. How I run my relationships is my business.”
“But it’s not just your life. It’s mine too. Paul’s a decent guy. I really like him.” I took a deep, shaky breath. “He was the best of all of them. You should have stayed with him. You could have married him. Maybe even had a . . . a baby.”
Mum shook her head, looking dazed. “A baby? Skye, where is this coming from? I’ve never said anything about having another child, even when I was younger. I’m way too old now.”
By this time my teeth were chattering. I was delving deep, digging down into secret dreams and longings that I’d hardly even admitted to myself, let alone to another person. Certainly not to my mother. “Why is it such a terrible, impossible thing to have a proper family?” I blurted. “You know, one with two parents and a couple of kids running round? And uncles and aunts and cousins dropping in?”
Mum strode into the room and parked herself on the end of my bed. Isis picked up on our angry vibes, flattened her ears, and shot off the bed. 
“I can’t believe I’m hearing this,” Mum said. “You know why we don’t have a proper family, as you call it.”
“Because my father died from some horrible disease when I was a baby? Because you quarrelled with your sister before I was even born? Mum, those things happened centuries ago. Why haven’t you just got over them?”
“Some things you don’t ever get over,” Mum said through gritted teeth. “You either carry them on your shoulders for the rest of your life or you walk away and forget them. I chose to walk away.”
“Walking away from our family at the same time,” I muttered. 
Mum frowned. “Why are you saying these silly things? I’ve made a good life for the two of us. We don’t need anyone else.”
“I do,” I said, forcing out the words. “I’d like other people in my life. Sorry, but just having you is not enough.”
She stared at me as if I was talking gibberish.
“Can’t you understand?” I cried. “I hate being just me! I hate being on my own all the time!”
Mum put her hands over her ears and sprang to her feet. “Stop it. You don’t know how lucky you are. I give you everything you need and more.”
I’d finally stopped shivering. There was a hot, bursting feeling in my chest. Heat rushed through my veins and flushed my cheeks. Is this what anger feels like? “You don’t give me everything I need. You’re never here. You’re always at the shop or the support group or the yoga centre. I hardly ever see you.” 
Mum’s face was white and rigid. She hates criticism. This was probably the first time in recent memory I’d dared to criticise her. “That’s it. I’ve had enough of your rudeness. I’m going to take a shower.” She made for the door.
“That’s right,” I muttered. “Run away. Like you always do.”
I know she heard me, but she kept on going. 
I fell back on the pillow, wrecked. I hadn’t realised that standing up to people was so exhausting. It was much easier to be nice all the time. So much simpler to shape yourself into the person other people want you to be. 
But if you’re always trying to keep other people happy, how can you keep yourself happy?
Whose voice was that? It certainly wasn’t Mum’s. 
I turned my head and a flash of white on the floor caught my eye. It was a folded envelope. Mum must have dropped it. I leaned over and scooped it up. 
The envelope was addressed to Mum at the health shop. I took out a sheet of paper and unfolded it. It was a handwritten letter, badly crumpled, as though it had been screwed up then flattened out again. The printing was heavy and black, like a child’s. The date was two weeks ago.
I paused for a nanosecond. I shouldn’t read other people’s letters. That’s not a nice thing to do, but right at that moment I was trying extra hard not to be nice. So I started reading. 
“Dear Edie,” it began. “Sorry to send this letter out of the blue. We got the address of your shop from the internet. You need to know that Grandpa Archie is dying. He has cancer. He’s only got another few months. He often talks about you. I know he’d like to see you and Skye before he dies. You are welcome to stay with us here in Craghead if you decide to come.” It was signed, “Your sister, Terry.”
I stared blankly at the words. Initially they didn’t make sense but after I’d read the letter four times, my mind shifted into drive again. Mum and her younger sister Terry had fallen out massively over something before I was born. They’d never spoken to each other since. That was all I’d ever been told. Mum refused point-blank to tell me anything more about that part of her life. It was like there was a fifty-metre-high wall between Then and Now.
Grandpa Archie? He could only be Mum and Terry’s grandfather. My great-grandfather. So he was still alive? Wow. Mum had never said anything about him. He had to be mega-old. 
This was totally freaky. Two relatives suddenly popping up, a long-lost aunt and an unknown great-grandfather. Living in a place called Craghead. 
Craghead? I’d heard that name before. When? Eventually I recalled my grandmother once telling me she was born in a coal-mining town on the West Coast of the South Island, a town called Craghead.
I thought of my grandmother Mary. She’s always been a bit of a mystery. Not surprising, because I’ve only ever seen my maternal grandparents four times in my whole life. They’re a quiet, very private couple who always greeted me with a pat on the head and a beautifully wrapped present, invariably a book by some ancient author. 
Gran always seemed slightly on edge every time we saw them, as if it was all a bit too much for her. As if she was somehow scared of me, her only granddaughter. Poppa always spent a lot of time holding her hand and saying calming things in her ear. I could feel them watching me, waiting for something to happen but I could never figure out what it was.
The more I studied Terry’s letter, the angrier I got. Mum had been carrying it round with her for two whole weeks. It was written by my aunt. It talked about my great-grandfather. It even mentioned me by name! 
This time I wasn’t going to be fobbed off. It was definitely my business, and the letter was proof. I pushed myself off the bed and made for the door. Crunch time, Mum.




Chapter 3: Eco-warriors


Josh paced round his bedroom, fuming. They were planning something. He’d overheard enough to know it was a new protest action, something massive, but they weren’t letting on what it was. They kept clamming up when he came into the room, sending each other warning looks. It pissed him off big time.
Right now they were sitting at the table in the kitchen with their heads close together, plotting. Just the two of them. One was his mother’s partner, Janice Heard. The other was Stuart Dyer, coordinator of the Wero Valley Taskforce, WVT for short. These two were the head honchos in the Taskforce. The other members didn’t count. They were just foot soldiers. And I’m just a hanger-on, Josh thought.
His mother, Terry, was right out of it, not involved in the planning at all. As usual, she was in Grandpa Archie’s room, keeping him occupied. Everyone agreed that was best. The less old Archie knew of the Taskforce’s activities the better. He was quite capable of rising from his death bed and ordering everyone out of his house. 
Janice and Stu had sent Josh out of the kitchen like he was five years old. I’m sixteen, he thought. Old enough to do the donkey work around the camp. Old enough to carry in supplies every week. Old enough to spend three hours walking home again, backpack jammed with stinking rubbish. So how come I’m not old enough to be involved in this new protest?
Josh swung round and made for the bedroom door. Bugger them. It was time to stick up for himself.
He marched down the hallway and into the kitchen. The room was fuggy with the heat that poured out the open door of the coal range. Janice and Stuart looked up. Both scowled at him.
 “I want to know what’s happening,” he growled, lowering his voice to stop any embarrassing squeaks. “I’m a member of this Taskforce, aren’t I? I’m entitled to know what’s going down.” He jammed his hands into his jeans pockets, squared his shoulders and glared at them. He was trying to look staunch, but he had the horrible feeling he looked more like a kid on the point of bursting into tears. Because Janice and Stuart were two of the three people he needed most in the world.
Stu tilted his chair back and smiled, a flash of white teeth in a tanned face. A fast thinker, he always got in first. And people always listened to him. “Hang on, mate,” he said. “We’re doing this for your own good, you know.”
“Yeah, right,” Josh said.
Stu flicked a glance across the table at Janice. She grimaced, twisting her plait of iron-grey hair between her fingers, and shook her head. She was bolshie enough to lead the Taskforce, but Stu had been voted coordinator by the members a year ago, so Janice just had to lump it. 
“Look, we’re going to end up with the fuzz sniffing round,” Stu said to Josh. “If everyone keeps their mouth shut the pigs won’t be able to prove anything, but they won’t take kindly to a minor being involved. It would be easy for them to make life bloody difficult for you and your mother.”
Josh frowned. “How d’you mean?”
Janice spread her hands out on the table, calloused, grimy hands that worked in the soil. “The police will say Terry isn’t a fit mother. Letting you associate with known law-breakers. They’ll take you away.”
“Bullshit.”
Janice raised an eyebrow at his language. She’d been in Josh’s life as his mother’s gay partner for as long as he could remember. When he was learning to ride a bike and kept falling off, she’d shoved him back on the seat and pushed the bike off again, ignoring his tears and his skinned knees. Over and over again, till he took off on his own and realised how joyous it was to fly.
Then he’d limped inside and his mother had spent ten minutes carefully washing and bandaging his knees. 
Josh had always regarded Janice as a kind of aunt. That’s what he told his mates, anyway, when they punched his shoulder and guffawed and asked him what it was like with two sheilas round all the time. Sometimes they used a different word, and Josh was obliged to punch back with all his strength.
“Sit down, Josh,” Stu ordered. Josh sat. Stu leaned forward and looked into Josh’s face. Stuart’s eyes were bright blue, but they paled to the colour of ice when he was angry. “Believe it. We’ve got to be tight. We mustn’t give them any way to break us up.” He clapped Josh on the back. “You’ll just have to trust us. It’s a need-to-know situation, Josh. Okay?”
“But I don’t know anything,” Josh said, trying not to whine.
“And that’s the way it’s got to stay,” Janice said. “Don’t forget your mother’s in the same boat. She has no idea what or when or how.”
“But she wants it that way,” Josh said. “I don’t.”
Stu narrowed his eyes. “Do you trust me, Josh?”
Josh grinned. Stuart was a total legend. He’d follow him to the ends of the earth. “Too right,” he said. 
“Just keep staunch,” Stu said, holding up his hand. Josh took a deep breath and gave him a high five.
There was a cough at the door and Josh’s mother, Terry, came into the kitchen. “Archie wants his cup of tea,” she said apologetically. “Anyone else want one?” She went over to the kettle on the bench without waiting for an answer.
She was a stocky, ruddy-faced woman with chopped-off hair who looked tough enough to drive a truck - but underneath she was as soft as butter. Josh was always amazed at how gentle her hands were when she was tending to her ailing grandfather. 
A bell rang loudly from down the hallway, where the front room had been converted into a bedroom for Archie. “He’s getting impatient,” Terry said anxiously. “Josh . . .?”
“Okay,” Josh said. “I’ll take it.” He might as well give up on Stuart and Janice. He wasn’t going to get anything out of them about the protest action. Tight as bloody clams, the pair of them. 
He carried the cup of tea into his great-grandfather’s room, balancing a biscuit on the edge of the saucer. The room was dark because the only window was partly covered by heavy brocade drapes, and rain was pelting down outside. A standard lamp cast a cheerful yellow glow over the hospital bed in the middle of the room. Josh’s great-grandfather was sitting up in bed, huffing indignantly. “He’s here again, isn’t he?” the old man demanded.
Josh balanced the cup of tea on top of a pile of magazines on the bedside table. “Who?”
“That agitator, activist, whatever you call him. What’s his name . . . Dyer. A born troublemaker, that one. I can smell him.”
“He’s coordinator of our protest group, Grandpa. It’s his job to make trouble so everyone knows what’s going on here.”
“The Wero Valley Taskforce,” Archie scoffed. “A fancy name for a bunch of no-hopers. Dole bludgers, the lot of them.”
Josh sighed. He’d heard all this before. He didn’t want another one of Archie’s old-fashioned rants. He looked down at the photograph album open on Archie’s knees. “Reliving the old days again, Grandpa?”
Archie scowled. “Aye. And why not? People worked for a living in those days. They knew what life was all about. Your protesters need to do a few shifts down the pit, hewing coal, then you’ll know what it takes to be a real man. Not lying round in tents and playing guitars.” He snorted. “Or counting ruddy snails.”
Josh took a deep breath. No way was he going to get into an argument with Archie about Wero Valley. It wasn’t right to argue with a dying man, but it was hard to ignore his bluster. “Grandpa, the underground coal mines closed years ago.”
Archie waved a hand impatiently. “Driving a truck in the Dunston Mine then. You know what I mean.”
“Drink your tea, Grandpa.” Josh lowered his voice. “Do you want a splash of the brown stuff in it?”
Archie grinned. His papery skin stretched so tightly across his face that he looked like a skull. “Wouldn’t say no,” he said in a hoarse whisper. 
Josh opened the big carved chest at the end of Archie’s bed. He dug down through the layers of books, photo albums and bundles of letters until he reached the bottom and found the bottle of whisky wrapped in a towel. Terry didn’t know it was there. It was Josh and Archie’s little secret. He poured a swig into Archie’s tea. 
“You’re a good lad at heart,” his great-grandfather said, smacking his lips. “You just need to get rid of all that stupid eco-warrior stuff clogging up your head.”  
 Josh sat in an armchair by the bed and paged absently through Archie’s photo album. The old man spent hours poring over it, rubbing his thumb over the faces looking out of the small sepia photographs. Archie was ninety-eight years old, but everyone knew he wouldn’t see his next birthday. Cancer held him fast. 
It was strange to think that after ninety-eight years Archie had only a few albums of faded brown pictures to remind him of his life. No, that wasn’t quite true. He still owned the house. Not that it was worth anything these days. Craghead was a ghost town. There were only a dozen houses left standing now, the neglected remnants of a bustling coal-mining community.
When I’m in my nineties, Josh wondered, will I have more to show for my life than a leaky old house in the bush and a collection of photographs? You bet, he answered himself. I’m going to stop Wero Valley being turned into another hideous, polluting open-cast mine like the Dunston. Then I can look back and think of the valley lying there peacefully, year after year, green and fresh and untouched – thanks to me.
His daydreams reminded him of his frustration at being excluded from the protest plans. How could he save the valley if Janice and Stuart wouldn’t even tell him what was going to happen? He banged the photo album shut. “Finished?” he snapped at his great-grandfather.
Archie’s head was lolling, his bony hands lying palm up on the folded sheet. His eyes opened a crack. “Nothing like a good cup of tea,” he mumbled.
“Need anything else?”
Archie moved his head slightly. “Forty winks.”
Josh picked up the empty cup and took it into the kitchen. Janice and Stuart were poring over a topographical map of the Buller coal plateau, while Terry clattered dishes in the sink. Josh pretended to ignore the pair at the table. He dumped the cup and saucer next to the sink and went back to his bedroom. 
How could you love and hate someone at the same time?




Chapter 4: Revelation


Rain was still drumming on the corrugated iron roof. Josh crashed on to his bed but he couldn’t keep still. He could never sit still these days. It was like ants crawling under his skin. He sat up, stretched his legs, rolled his shoulders, punched the air with his fists. Nothing helped. 
His mother said it was growing pains. Not this time, Josh thought, falling back on to his bed again. This time it was sheer bloody frustration.
He picked up his guitar, played a few chords, chucked it into the corner again. Walked round and round the room, running his fingers over the photos pinned to the walls. Finally he sat down at his computer, clicked on the dial-up icon, and stared at the screen with all ten fingers tapping a beat on the desktop until he was finally online. It took frigging forever with dial-up. That was the main hassle with living up here in the wilderness. Climbing the hill behind the house to get cellphone coverage was just about as bad, but he didn’t do it very often. Mobile calls cost money.
He went on to Facebook and located the profile for Skye Saunders, expecting to find the usual absence of information. If only she was the kind of girl who liked to rave about anything and everything - especially herself, like most girls did.  
On his previous visits to Skye’s profile he’d spent ages studying the slight frame and elfin face of the girl in the photo. She was hiding behind her crooked fringe. She looked as if she hated having her photo taken. He wished she was smiling. He reckoned her face would light up when she smiled.
But this time he was shocked to find the photo had vanished and a picture of a Barbie doll was in its place. What the f—? What was Skye playing at? He banged his fist on the edge of the desk. Bugger it, she was the only cousin he had and he knew zilch about her. Now he didn’t even have a picture of her. How bizarre was that? 
He thought about the afternoon two weeks ago when he’d first discovered Skye’s existence. He’d just come home from school, freezing from the long trudge up the driveway from the school bus stop. He went into the kitchen to warm himself in front of the range. The kitchen was empty – Terry was in with Archie, and Janice was probably working in her greenhouse down the hill at Blackstone Bay. 
A rubbish bin full of paper sat next to the range. Josh’s eye was caught by a big ball of screwed-up letter paper. His mother and Janice hardly ever wrote anything except for accounts and shopping lists. He picked up the ball and peeled off the top layer. It was a letter in his mother’s handwriting. There was a big black cross scrawled over it, done with so much force that the paper had torn. She must have been pretty upset when she did that, he thought. Angry. Or maybe frightened?
He didn’t even think about it – he started reading. “Dear Edie,” it said. “Sorry to have to send you this. It’s Grandpa Archie. He’s dying of cancer, and doesn’t have much longer to live. He’d like to see you and his great grand-daughter before he dies. I know you don’t want to have anything to do with us, but this is for Archie’s sake, not mine. After all this time can’t you forget the past? It wouldn’t hurt for Skye and Josh to get to know each other, seeing they’re the same age . . .” The handwriting turned into scribble just before the end.
Josh stood stock-still, barely feeling the heat of the coal fire scorching his knees. His eye went to the top of the letter. It was addressed to Eden Saunders, Garden of Eden. There was an Auckland street address.
He knew he had an aunt living in Auckland. He knew the aunt and his mother hadn’t spoken to each other for sixteen years – but he didn’t know the aunt had a daughter. Skye. His cousin. Why had his mother kept her existence secret all these years?
It must be part of the big family bust-up. Something bad had happened, so bad that it made the family split up. Eden took off to Auckland, Terry fled to Westport, while their parents, Josh’s grandparents, stayed in Christchurch and hung up every time Terry tried phoning them.
When Josh was little Terry had always cried after these attempts to contact her parents. Nowadays she just bit her lip and sighed. 
Josh had never met his grandparents. Terry wouldn’t talk about them. Once, a couple of years ago, he’d tried to get her to open up. It was like battering on a concrete wall. “They don’t want to know me,” she’d said eventually. “They’ve disowned me. Just drop it, Josh. Please.”
“Why? You’re their daughter, aren’t you? I’m their grandson. How can they not want to know us?”
Terry went brick red. “I did something they can never forgive. That’s all I’m going to say.”
“But . . .”
Her face collapsed. Josh couldn’t tell if she was angry or just plain desperate. “Josh! Stop it. It’s none of your business.” She got up from the table and rushed out of the room. 
Josh scratched his head. Terry never shouted at him. 
He’d decided he wouldn’t ask again, but he couldn’t put it out of his mind. They were his grandparents. It was his business, regardless of what his mother said. 
And now this letter from Terry to Eden. It certainly didn’t clear up the mystery. In fact, it made things even weirder. Quickly he checked the other sheets of crumpled paper. They were drafts of the same letter. He envisaged his mother sitting at the kitchen table, writing draft after draft, crossing them out, screwing them up. She would have ended in tears. 
Eventually he’d decided not to confront his mother about Eden and Skye Saunders. He would wait and see what happened. Either Aunt Eden would respond and come to Craghead to see Archie – or she wouldn’t. 
But Josh did have the brainwave of going online and looking for Skye Saunders on the social networking sites. It hadn’t taken long before he found her Facebook profile. He started visiting it every day, hoping against hope that Skye would post more information about herself. So far – virtually nothing. And now, with the Barbie picture in pride of place, he had even less.
He turned the computer off and peered through the bedroom window. The rain was finally easing up. He could take Flinders for a walk. Flinders would be going just as stir-crazy in the shed as Josh was in his bedroom. 
He pulled on a parka and gumboots at the back door, whistling to Flinders. The sheepdog shot round the corner of the shed, smiling like a loony. Together they trotted down the driveway, avoiding the muddy potholes, till they came to a narrow strip cut into the side of the valley. It was overgrown with weeds but it provided a reasonably flat walking track. 
Josh strode along for twenty minutes until the tight, itchy feeling in his muscles finally eased. By then Flinders had stopped dashing backwards and forwards along the path and was trotting close to Josh’s heels, pink tongue drooping. 
Josh stopped and sniffed the air, enjoying the sharp scents of ozone and wet grass. Mist drifted round him like smoke, and he relished its cold touch on his cheeks. The valley was so quiet he could hear the trill of a single bird echo from a distant hilltop. He wished he could just keep walking – on and on forever, climbing one mountain after another.
Josh loved living up here on the coal plateau. Okay, Craghead was a ghost town and the internet access was lousy and the mobile phone coverage was worse, but the sheer wildness of the landscape made up for everything. This land wasn’t meant to serve human beings. Roads, houses, mines – they’d been here once but now nearly all had disappeared. The bush was slowly reclaiming its territory. 
He strode back along the walkway, pausing when his great-grandfather’s house came into view again. It sat at the head of the valley, gazing over patches of bush and lichen-stained outcrops of rock. With its rusty roof and its sodden grey weatherboards, the house seemed to grow naturally from the landscape. It squatted on the rock, hanging on year after year. Just like its owner. 
A thought came to Josh out of the blue. If Skye came to Craghead with her mother, what would she think of the rundown old house? She was a city chick. She’d think it was a total dump. She’d think Craghead was the pits. 
Maybe he could take Skye to visit the protest camp in Wero Valley? That was way more interesting than a handful of derelict houses. She’d see he was involved with something vitally important – he wasn’t just an ignorant hick living in the wop wops. Yeah, taking Skye to visit the camp would be totally awesome.
He studied Archie’s house, trying to see it as Skye would. Most people would think it was a dump, but Terry would inherit it when Archie died and she’d already made plans. She intended to move down to Blackstone Bay to live with Janice. Archie’s house would be converted into a lodge offering cheap accommodation for trampers and Wero Valley protesters. 
Josh smiled to himself. Terry hadn’t told Archie her plans for the future. The old man would turn in his grave at the idea of his house sheltering dole bludgers and layabouts. 
Josh reached the driveway, turned downhill, and kept on walking until he came to the Singing Tree. It was too wet underfoot to sit down, so he leaned against the knobbly trunk and closed his eyes. For once there wasn’t a gale blowing so the tree was tinkling and tapping, rather than banging and clashing. The noise came from the various items hanging from the branches. Bent spoons and forks, tins, rattles, bells, toys, windchimes, bottles of pebbles – they dangled from every branch of the old plum tree.
Sometimes Josh heard real music when he was listening to the tree. He’d dash back to his room and grab his guitar and try to replicate what he heard, but it never worked. Maybe the tree’s music lived somewhere in the ether and could never come down to earth level. 
Archie had told him that he and his brother Geordie had started hanging things in the tree when they were boys. It was one of the many days when they were being punished for some mischief by not being allowed to play with their mates. Archie had attached a windchime he’d made out of discarded tin lids. Geordie had pinched an old spoon and fork from Mam’s drawer and wired them loosely together.
Decorating the tree had become a family tradition. For the last eighty years friends, visitors and neighbours were reminded to hang something on the Singing Tree as a memento of their time in Craghead.
One day a storm would blow the old tree down. The tree would rot, the mementos would be buried under grass and weeds. Josh firmly believed this would be a fitting end for the tree and its attached memories. All things die, all things vanish, but the earth survives. That’s the way it’s meant to be.




Chapter 5: Victory?


Mum was sitting at the kitchen table, freshly showered, sipping a cup of chamomile tea and reading the newspaper. Our kitchen is done out in fake country style, with a distressed wooden table in the middle of the room, shiny copper pans lined up on a shelf, and paintings of crusty French bread and oozing cheeses on the walls. Mum did the decor herself – with help from some artistic friends in her support group. Paul did all the cabinetwork. He was living here by that time, so it didn’t cost Mum a cent.
I shoved Terry’s letter under her nose. “You dropped this,” I said, trying not to sound pleased that I’d caught her out.
She stared at it for several seconds, her fingers crumpling the edges of her newspaper. I got the feeling she didn’t want to touch the letter. “Did you read it?” she asked, dropping the newspaper.
“Yes.”
“Skye, it’s a private letter,” she said, shutting her eyes and massaging the little lines between her eyebrows. 
“It mentions me,” I said, smoothing out the sheet of paper on the table in front of her.
“Yes.”
“So Terry is my aunt?”
She took a huge shuddering breath. “Yes. My sister. Archie is my grandfather.” She was speaking very precisely. “They live in Craghead on the coal plateau north of Westport. Archie is ninety-eight years old. Terry’s been looking after him since he got sick. Now he’s dying.” Her shoulders slumped on the last word.
“My aunt,” I said. “My great-grandfather. Why don’t you ever talk to me about them?”
“I’ve told you before. The less you know, the better.”
I felt like shaking her. “But why?” 
“When I came to Auckland I started a new life. It was just you and me. I left all the family garbage behind.”
I’d heard this before. “But what was the family garbage?”
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
I pushed my luck. “Why?”
“It hurts too much.” Suddenly her eyes were shiny with tears. That alarmed me. Mum never cries. 
Like a coward, I swerved away from the questions I was going to ask. “So will we go down to Craghead to see Archie?” I asked instead.
She rested her head in her hands. “I don’t know.” Then she took a deep breath. “Do you want to go, Skye?”
That really threw me. Why was she putting the whole thing back on me? What did I know? But then I realised. If it all turned to worms it would be my fault. I’d get the blame. As usual. “I . . . I don’t know,” I stuttered. “Um . . . how would we get there? When would we go?”
“We’d fly to Christchurch. Hire a camper van. Drive over to the West Coast. Your holidays start in two weeks’ time, don’t they? We could go then.” She lifted her head and her eyes sparked. “But only for a few days.”
So she had been thinking about it. I imagined her reading and rereading the letter, stuffing it back in her pocket, pulling it out again. “Uh . . . why a camper van? Wouldn’t a car be cheaper?”
“I’m not going to sleep under the same roof as her,” she said with venom.
“Oh.” That didn’t sound promising. Maybe I should say no, I didn’t want to go. It would be the safest thing to do. If Mum and her sister were still at each other’s throats, it wouldn’t exactly be a happy family vacation. 
Don’t be a wimp, said a voice in my head. This voice was always popping up and ordering me to be brave. It sounded a lot like Mandy, my ex-friend. Do you really want to spend two weeks hanging round at home on your own? Or restocking shelves at the Garden of Eden under your mother’s eagle eye? 
I stared at Mum. Maybe she really didn’t want to go to Craghead. Maybe she was willing me to say no. Then she could blame me if there were repercussions from Craghead. 
Stuff that. Either way I couldn’t win, but this was my chance to meet my mysterious aunt. And a long-lost great-grandfather as well. I wanted a proper family, didn’t I? 
Maybe the ancient family secret will get busted wide open, the voice added sneakily. You’ll get to find out what happened sixteen years ago.
I stuck my chin out. “Yes,” I said. “I’d like to go.”
Mum let out a long breath. “All right,” she said. 
I blinked at her, speechless. What, no ear-bashing? No trying to talk me out of it? No accusations of thinking only of myself?
“I owe it to Archie,” she said, talking more to herself than to me. She began folding the letter over and over, reducing it to the smallest possible triangle. 
I busied myself refilling the bowl of cat food for Isis, who was sitting quietly and staring at the crumbs in the bottom. It was beneath her dignity to actually open her mouth and ask for food.
“Um . . . will we visit Gran and Poppa in Christchurch?” I asked. “Seeing as we’ll be flying in there?”
Mum pressed the skin round her eyes, which was the closest she ever got to rubbing them. “Definitely not on the way to the Coast. Your grandmother couldn’t possibly cope. I’ll think about visiting them on the way back. Maybe. When it’s all over.”
I pushed my luck again and asked, “What couldn’t she cope with? Us visiting? That’s, like, a bit weird, isn’t it?”
“No.” Mum spoke as if each word was hurting her. “She wouldn’t be able to cope with the idea of us going to Craghead. When Terry and I fell out, our mother was . . . shattered. She’s always been a fragile person. In those days it was called a nervous breakdown. She spent several months in hospital.” Mum bit her lip. “I’m not going to upset her all over again.”
“Oh.” I thought of Gran, the way she fussed over the slightest little thing. The cushions on the sofa had to be lined up just so. Dinner had to be served exactly at 5 p.m. Whenever we stayed there I’d sense her creeping around behind me, fixing and straightening everything I touched. 
But then I thought of something else. “But Archie is her father. Won’t she want to see him before he dies?”
Mum pushed herself to her feet and headed towards the kettle. Two cups of chamomile tea – wow. She must really be feeling stressed. “No,” she said over her shoulder. “She and Archie didn’t get on. He was very strict with her. Authoritarian. She never said much about it but I think she had a miserable childhood. I’d be surprised if she goes to his funeral when the time comes.” She busied herself with boiling the kettle, her back to me. 
So my grandmother wasn’t speaking to her father, just like Mum wasn’t speaking to her sister. There wasn’t just one family falling-out involved, there were two. Secret upon secret.  
I went back to my room and checked my mobile. I tried hard not to be hopeful, but my heart sank when I saw that, as usual, there was no text from Mandy. I longed to talk over the whole family situation with her as I used to, pre-Damien. She’d understand. She’d do her usual thing – bolster me up, push me along. “Come on, Skye,” she’d say. “Don’t be a wimp. You have to meet your family. You’ll never forgive yourself if you don’t.”
She always knew what I needed to hear. That’s why she’s my best friend. That’s why I miss her so much.
I didn’t watch television that evening. I lay on my bed and stared at the clotted-cream wallpaper and talked to my father. My dead father.
Mum had furnished my bedroom in tasteful shades of cream and pale pink. She copied it out of House and Garden. She sailed in one day, waved a handful of wallpaper samples and fabric swatches at me, said, “We’ll go with these for your bedroom, okay?” and disappeared again. 
If I’d been allowed to choose the colours of my room I’d have picked red and silver. Or orange and black. And I’d have put up strings of fairy lights over my bed, and painted silver stars on the ceiling, and stuck cellophane shapes on the windows to make them look like stained glass . . .
Dream on, Skye.
I leaned over and opened the drawer by my bed, pulling out a wooden jewellery box. It was my Dad Box. I removed the four items inside. The first was a photo of a grinning, long-haired young man standing in front of a tree, juggling apples. The second was an envelope containing a lock of his hair, tawny-coloured and curly. The third was a copy of my birth certificate. I’ve never understood why Mum gave me this, except for the fact that it has his name on it – Leo Philip Saunders – and his occupation, which was recorded as civil engineer (what’s an uncivil engineer?). The fourth item was a rusty old harmonica. According to Mum he could make people laugh and weep when he played the harmonica. All I can do is make hideous squeaks.
My father was British. He was backpacking around the world, doing odd jobs here and there to fund his travels. These days he’d probably be right into couch-surfing. He got as far as Christchurch and met Mum at a party. They fell madly in love and got married three months later. That’s what Mum told me, anyway, when I grew too old to be fobbed off with vague answers. 
He died when I was two. He’d gone over to Vanuatu to do three months’ volunteer work, building a water system for a village. He caught dengue fever and died before he could be sent home for treatment.
His parents in England never forgave him for marrying some unknown colonial girl and then going off and dying in the jungle. They didn’t reply to Mum’s letters. 
You can’t really miss someone you don’t remember, but I’d got into the habit of talking to my father’s photograph. “Hi, Dad,” I said. “You’ll never guess what’s happening. Mum and I are going down to the West Coast to visit her dying grandfather. So I’m finally going to meet my great-grandfather Archie and my aunt Terry.”
“Choice,” said Dad inside my head. “Reckon you need all the family you can lay your hands on, Skye High.”
“I told her I wanted to go but now I’m starting to wish I’d said no. What if Great-grandpa Archie is all smelly and stuff? What if he has tubes coming out of him?”
“Hang in there,” Dad replied. “If I’d worried about things like that before I set off to see the world, I’d never have put a foot outside the front door. Sometimes you’ve just got to go for it, kiddo.”
“But seeing the world eventually killed you,” I pointed out.
“Not before I got to hold my lovely baby daughter,” he said with a cheeky grin.
“What shall I take to Craghead with me?” I asked. I had a vague feeling I should take something to remind me that my genes didn’t just come from Mum’s family. Half of me wasn’t involved in her family problems in any way. It was important to remember that.
“Take my old harmonica,” Dad said. “It could do with a change of scene.”
“The harmonica it is,” I said. “Thanks, Dad.”
“No problem, baby doll,” he said, juggling his apples faster and faster.
I put the Dad Box away before he dropped an apple.




Chapter 6: Journey


I spent most of the following fortnight running the streets. It was a good way to tune out the stuff going on in my head. Sometimes I couldn’t wait to set off on the trip south and escape from my crap life. Other times I felt sick with dread. What would it be like? What if I hated Craghead? What if my newly-found relatives hated me?
Running was a good way of avoiding my mother, who was going round with a face like thunder. I decided not to tell her Paul was sending me corny (and usually pathetic) jokes by text. What she didn’t know wouldn’t hurt her. 
Just before we left for the airport Mum slipped something into my hand. It was a stone, hard and glossy on the outside but a soft living brown just under the surface.
“Do me a favour, Skye,” Mum said, looking embarrassed. “Keep it with you.”
I closed my hand over it. “What is it?”
“Petrified wood. I know you don’t believe in therapeutic stones but I’ll feel happier if you’d carry it in your pocket.”
I shrugged. “Okay.” 
 To tell the truth, I liked the feel of it in my palm. Imagine how long it took for that piece of wood to transform into a stone. Tens of thousands of years? Millions of years? It was awesome to carry so much history in my pocket.
Mum had given me several therapeutic stones over the years. Living in hope, I guess, that one of them would work magic and turn me into the kind of daughter she wanted. I kept them in a silk purse on a shelf in my wardrobe. Sometimes I picked one out and held it, trying to focus on the touch of it against my skin, waiting for a tingle, but I never felt anything.
The petrified wood stone was not going be banished to the wardrobe. It was definitely coming with me to Craghead. I needed all the help I could get. 

I welcomed the comfort of my touchstone later that day, when we were driving inland from the West Coast towards Craghead. Until then our journey had been kind of fun. Mum and I both pretended to be carefree tourists. We even laughed a couple of times, first at the old-fashioned tearooms in Reefton with their lamingtons and custard squares, and then at the crooked, rainbow-painted cottages in Blackstone Bay, lining the roadside like a parade of old ladies in fancy dress.
At Blackstone Bay we turned east and followed a road inland towards the battalion of hills marching northwards, parallel with the coast. I shivered as the road narrowed and the gradient grew steeper. We left the gentle foothills behind; thick bush enveloped us. Trees leaned across the road, almost meeting over the top of the van. I could hear their spiky fingers scratching on the roof. Tatters of mist trailed across the windscreen. 
I couldn’t help wondering what kind of place we were heading into. What sort of people actually lived in this wilderness?
I pulled out my phone, more for comfort than anything else. I didn’t really think there’d be a text from Mandy. Maybe there’d be something from Paul. I could do with one of his painful jokes to cheer me up.
I stared in disbelief at the screen. “Oh my God. I can’t believe it. There’s no cellphone coverage.”
Mum didn’t take her eyes off the road. “You might get some coverage at the top of the hill. If you’re lucky.”
I turned the phone off, closed it, and slid down in my seat. I felt very alone at that moment. I didn’t belong here. We shouldn’t have come. I wished we could drive down the hill again and all the way back to Christchurch, like a video on rewind. 
I pulled the lump of petrified wood out of my pocket and pressed it to the hollow at the base of my throat. Mum glanced at me and saw it. Her expression lightened for a second, but she didn’t say anything.
A couple of minutes later the bush thinned out and we came to a turnoff. The road ahead had a big sign saying ‘Dunston Open-cast Mine, Private Property, Trespassers Will Be Prosecuted’, while the turnoff had a much smaller AA sign that just said ‘Craghead’. 
“What’s it like? The Dunston Mine, I mean?” I asked.
She scowled. “Imagine an enormous abscess on the skin of the earth. They scrape off all the bush and topsoil, metres deep, till they get down to the rock. They gouge out the coal with explosives and bulldozers, then they load it into trucks.”
“Have you actually seen it?”
“Oh, yes. When I was twelve. Grandpa Archie took us on a grand tour of the mine. He was very proud of it. It wasn’t as big then as it is now, but I remember it frightened me. It was devastation. Like a bomb had gone off.”
 We finally lurched round the last corner and the road levelled out. The trees slipped away behind us, to be replaced by low scrub and stunted bushes. We’d reached the top of the bluff marking the edge of the plateau. 
“Welcome to Craghead,” Mum muttered. 
I looked round at a barren landscape of rocky outcrops stretching towards a row of black mountains to the east. Scraggly bushes struggled to survive in a few dirt-filled hollows. Apart from the scrub, it was just rock and stone as far as I could see. Mist floated a few metres above us, making me want to duck my head.
Mum pulled over to the side of the road and rested her forearms on the steering wheel. She looked exhausted. “The town where time goes backwards,” she muttered.
“Uh, where?” I asked, staring round.
“Right here. In the old days there were houses and shops and pubs on both sides of this road.” 
“Where’s it all gone?” 
Mum shrugged. “Fallen down, rotted, carted away. It won’t be long before the whole place reverts to what it was before coal was discovered. Before people even set foot here.”
“Where’s Archie’s house?” 
“Another kilometre further on we’ll come to Tasman Street on the left. Watch out for it, will you?” She put the van into gear and we moved off.
“There’s a road coming up on the left,” I said, peering ahead.
“No, that’s not it.”
I gazed along the road as we passed. It was actually just a rutted track going over a rocky rise and disappearing from sight. “Are they the only people living up here?” I asked. “Archie and Terry, I mean?”
“Not quite.” Mum’s voice was flat. “Some of the houses are still lived in.” She flicked a glance at me. “Wishing you’d never agreed to come, Skye?” 
I mumbled something. No way was I going to let her see how spooked I was. I peered at a house perched close to the road. An old truck was parked outside and a big brown dog lay on the porch. I think it was a Rottweiler. It lifted its head and stared as we went past. The house had knotted curtains in the windows and paint peeling off the weatherboards. “So what kind of people live here?”
“Greenies. Hippies. You’d probably find cannabis patches hidden away in the bush if you looked really hard. And there are still some old-timers hanging on, like your great-grandfather. The ones who swear they won’t go down to the Coast until they’re carried in a box to the Blackstone Bay Cemetery.”
We passed a sign saying ‘Craghead Museum’. It looked new.
“Hmm,” Mum said, braking and pulling over. “I don’t remember a museum. Feel like having a look?”
I nodded, glad to postpone the moment of arrival. 
The museum was an oblong wooden building with narrow windows that stared disapprovingly at us. It was perched in the middle of a clearing, overlooking a cleft with a noisy creek at the bottom. ‘Schoolhouse’ announced a faded notice over the front door. Underneath that was a newish notice saying, ‘Open by arrangement. Phone Friends of the Craghead Museum’. 
“Hooray. At least they have phones here,” I joked feebly.
Mum walked round the side of the building trying to see in the windows, but they were too high. “Maybe we could come back another day when it’s open.” She was trying to do the tourist act again but it wasn’t working. I didn’t feel in the slightest bit touristy.
“I guess.”
Mum walked over to a path leading down to the creek. ‘Picnic Area’, she read off a sign. We both peered downwards. There was a narrow sandy strip next to the creek with two picnic tables, a rubbish bin, and a metal tub full of red geraniums. The flowers looked like splashes of blood against the dull grey skin of the rocks. As picnic areas go, this one didn’t exactly look cosy and inviting. 
“What’s that thing with the flowers in it?” I asked.
“That’s a coal tub,” Mum said. “They were used to transport coal from the mine to the processing bins, on a kind of pulley and rail system. You’ll find old tubs lying round all over the place.”
“Oh.” I shivered in the cold air, rubbing my hands together. “Does the sun ever shine up here?” I asked.
Mum shrugged. “Occasionally.”
 We scrambled back into the warmth of the camper van and drove along the main road, passing two more dilapidated houses. “There it is!” I shouted. The signpost ahead said ‘Tasman Street’. Mum clicked on the indicator, though there probably wasn’t a car within ten kilometres of us. We swung round the corner and our tyres crunched over rough metal. Mum slowed the van to a crawl. 
“Just here on the right,” she said. “There.” She stopped the van in the middle of the road. A narrow driveway turned off, heading straight for a huge sloping slab of stone embedded in the earth. It looked like the shoulder of a giant trying to force his way out of the ground.
“Wow,” I said.
Mum nodded. “They couldn’t move the stone when they built the driveway, so everyone just drives over the top.” She put the camper van into its lowest gear and turned towards the slab. A lurch, a growl of the engine, and we were running across the muscles of the stone, tyres humming. Then another lurch downwards, and we crunched on the rocky driveway again. 
Mum hauled the camper van round a steep corner and at last our destination came into view, an old single-storeyed house, neither villa nor bungalow but a mix of both, perched on a knoll on the side of the hill. I glanced over my shoulder and saw that the house overlooked a shallow bush-clad valley. The ridges of the valley were wreathed in mist. 
Just before the driveway took us up to the house we passed a tree – an ancient, gnarly tree with twisted branches and hardly any leaves – and it had things hanging all over it. At first glimpse that was all I could see – things. “What’s that weird tree?” I asked, twisting my head to look behind.
Mum was fighting to control the van as we lurched and swayed over the last few metres of rutted driveway. “The Singing Tree,” she said in a tight voice. I looked at her. Her knuckles were white on the steering wheel. Her face was the same colour as her knuckles.
“What’s the Singing Tree?”
“For God’s sake, Skye, can’t you shut up and let me concentrate on driving?” she snapped. 
For a moment I nearly allowed myself to feel sorry for her. After all, she was about to meet the person she hated most in the world. Then I thought, tough. If she’d been prepared to forgive and forget whatever happened sixteen years ago, she wouldn’t be going through this ordeal. Your bad, Mum.




Chapter 7: Confrontation


Flinders started barking like crazy. They’re here, Josh thought. For a moment he felt a pathetic impulse to rush to his room and check his hair in the mirror. Don’t be a dork, he said to himself. Keep cool, dude. She’s only a girl. A city girl. She’s going to look down her nose at these hillbilly relations with dirt under their fingernails and smelly gumboots in the porch.
A week earlier his mother had finally summoned up enough courage to tell him about Eden and Skye’s forthcoming arrival. As always, she’d prepared the way with food. She came to his bedroom carrying a cup of hot chocolate and two sultana scones oozing with butter. Josh had been wrestling with maths homework and the food was a welcome distraction. He was always hungry, but however much he ate he never put on weight. Sometimes when he looked at himself in the mirror he felt like Spiderman minus the muscles, all spindly arms and legs.
Terry lowered herself on to the edge of the bed. “Josh . . .” she said hesitantly, fiddling with a tuft of candlewick on the bedspread. “There’s something I need to tell you . . .”
“What?” he said through a mouthful of scone. For a moment he wished this conversation about Eden and Skye was already over and done with. Mum was such a softie, she always made a big deal of everything.
“Next week . . . during the holidays . . . my sister Eden is coming to visit.”
Josh pretended to look surprised. “Eden from Auckland? The one you haven’t spoken to for yonks?”
“Yes. She’s coming down to see Archie.”
“Oh. Okay. Sweet.” He held his breath. What about Skye? Was she coming too? He couldn’t ask, because then Terry would know he’d read her letter.
“Um . . . Josh?”
“Mum?”
“She’ll be bringing her daughter with her. Skye. Your cousin.”
“What?” It wasn’t hard for Josh to sound amazed, even angry. He still couldn’t understand why his mother had never told him about Skye, why her existence had been such a massive secret. “My cousin? For real? Jesus, Mum, how come you never told me I had a cousin?” He remembered he wasn’t meant to know anything about her. He needed to ask a question. “Like . . . how old is she?”
Terry flushed and stared at her lap. “Uh . . . she’s sixteen.”
Josh whistled. “Same as me. Cool as!”
Terry nodded miserably. “She’s four months older than you.”
“Why the heck didn’t you tell me about her before?”
“That was what Eden insisted. When we . . . quarrelled. She wanted nothing more to do with us. She couldn’t stand the idea of you and Skye ever knowing about each other.” 
He couldn’t resist a dig. “And you always do what your bossy older sister tells you to do, I suppose?”
Terry rubbed her eyes with her knuckles. “Yes . . . no. Eden was furious. I’ve never seen her so angry. I thought she was going to strangle me.” She shuddered. “I didn’t think you two would ever meet each other anyway, so I went along with it.” Her voice broke. “Sorry, Josh.”
Josh couldn’t bear to watch her squirming any longer. “It’s okay, Mum. I can cope. Actually, I think it’s pretty cool. Having a long-lost cousin, I mean. How long are they going to stay with us?”
“I’m not sure. A few days, I guess. Long enough for Archie to get to know his great-granddaughter.” She took a deep breath and pulled her shoulders back. “Maybe Eden’s changed,” she said, trying to smile. “Maybe she’s ready to forget about the past. Wouldn’t that be neat? You and Skye could get to know each other properly.”
“Yeah.” He’d felt a surge of excitement at her words. It would be neat. More than neat. Totally excellent. Imagine knowing the real person who was Skye, instead of a photo on Facebook. 
But when the dusty white camper van pulled up next to the house, Josh’s excitement suddenly faded. He scowled at himself in the mirror. He grabbed a dirty old cap and shoved it on backwards. He stuck his hands in the pockets of his jeans, put a “whatever” expression on his face, and slouched out the front door behind his mother.
He almost crashed into Terry when she came to a sudden stop, staring at the van. She started clasping her hands together but then she seemed to catch herself and let her arms fall to her sides. 
A girl clambered out of the front passenger door. Josh recognised Skye from her photo. There was a tight little smile on her face, and she ducked her head as her eyes jumped from Terry to Josh. He saw a flash of surprise shoot across her face, almost shock. 
Jeez. Why was she shocked? He knew he wasn’t a hunk, but nor was he a total dead loss in the looks department. A couple of girls at school had given him the definite impression they were interested. Looks, smiles, waves, all that stuff.
Terry stumbled forward and held out her hand. “Hello,” she croaked. “You must be Skye. I’m your aunt Terry.”
Skye’s smile was frozen on her face. She took her aunt’s hand. “Uh . . . hello,” she said. Her eyes flicked to Josh again, puzzled.
Terry pointed awkwardly at him. “And this is your cousin Joshua. Josh for short.”
The polite smile shattered. Skye’s mouth dropped open. Her eyes widened. “My . . . my cousin?” she choked.
The other van door opened and the driver climbed out. Josh’s attention was fixed on Skye, but he glanced at Eden and got an impression of a slim woman in tight jeans with a stiff, pale face. 
“Sorry, Skye. I know it’s a shock,” Eden said. “I didn’t ever want you to know you had a cousin.”
Josh looked from Skye to his mother. What the hell was going on? What were they playing at? Had Skye really not known about him till this very second?
“Oh, Edie. That’s not fair. You should have told her before now,” Terry said, turning bright red.
Eden shrugged, then rolled her head round on her shoulders as if her neck was sore. “I know. The right time never came up.”
Skye shot her mother a look of disgust, but didn’t say anything.
Josh couldn’t believe how different the two sisters were. Eden looked several years younger than Terry, even though she was older. Her hair was a glossy honey-brown colour, her skin was smooth, her jeans and boots emphasised her trim figure. Terry looked drab beside her sister, with her greying hair, weather-beaten face and stocky build. A moth next to a butterfly. 
Josh felt a sudden rush of love for his mother. No wonder she’d been so uptight at the thought of seeing Eden again. Eden was a successful businesswoman. Terry was – what? A part-time nurse? A trainee market gardener? 
Skye took a couple of steps forward and stood directly in front of Josh. She looked up into his face, and he noticed with a thrill that her eyes were exactly the same shade of green-specked hazel as his own.
 “Hello, Josh,” she said. She was trying to sound laidback, not fazed at all, but a quiver in her voice gave her away. He sensed that she really, really wanted him to like her.
He couldn’t keep on with the cool dude act. He took off his grungy cap. “Hi,” he said. “Sorry I gave you such a fright.”
“It’s not your fault,” she said, casting a poisonous glance over her shoulder at her mother.
Josh realised that Skye was just as nervous as he was. She wasn’t the sophisticated, streetwise girl he’d imagined. She was dressed in frayed jeans, well-worn sports shoes, and a heavy parka. No glitzy designer gear. Not a trace of make-up on her face. Now that he was close to her, he could see she was trembling. A warm, protective feeling swept over him. He wanted to tuck her hair behind her ears so he could look into her eyes. “Are you cold?” he asked. “We’ve got a fire going inside.”
“Sorry, we’ll have to sit in the kitchen,” Terry blurted. “Archie’s bed is set up in the living room.” She sent Skye a quick, shy smile. “But it is nice and cosy by the coal range.”
Terry led the way to the front steps, across the verandah, and through the front door. Josh smiled to himself. They never used the front door. Everyone always went in and out the back door. He risked a glance at Eden. There was a knowing smirk on her face. He suspected she was thinking the same thing.
Terry ushered them into the kitchen where heat was blasting from the range. She seemed to gain confidence now that she was in her own domain. “Take a seat, everyone. Tea, coffee, or juice?” 
“Have you got a herbal tea?” Eden asked. “Chamomile? Peppermint?”
Terry’s smile wobbled. “No, sorry. I should have thought.”
“Just a quick dip with a teabag, then,” Eden said. “Ten seconds only.” Then as an afterthought, “Thanks.”
Josh noticed that the kitchen had been tidied. The surface of the table was polished, the grease-stained recipe books were standing in a stiff row on their shelf. The spilt baby cactus on the window ledge had been repotted and the dirt cleaned up. Josh couldn’t remember the last time Terry had tidied the kitchen. He noticed Eden’s eyes sweeping over everything, taking it all in. Suddenly he was glad his mother had made an effort. 
He was also glad Janice had taken herself away to her tiny cottage in Blackstone Bay. Eden and Janice would strike enough sparks off each other to light a furnace. But, as always, the one who would be hurt most by any kind of disagreement would be his mother. Unfortunately Janice was coming up the hill tomorrow for a family dinner. Josh wondered how he could possibly get out of it.
Skye was studying the coal range. “That’s like, so cool. A vintage stove. Do you actually cook on it?”
Terry laughed. “Sometimes. We get a lot of power cuts here so the big black monster can be very useful.”
The next few minutes went by smoothly as everyone busied themselves with hot drinks and fresh muffins. It wasn’t long before the four of them were settled round the table and an awkward silence fell.
Josh suddenly realised that Eden hadn’t said one word to him. In fact, she’d hardly even looked at him. Just an up-and-down glance before they’d trooped into the house. What was the matter with her? He slumped lower in his chair and shook his head to make his hair fall over his eyes. Stuck-up cow. Pity Stu wasn’t here. He’d sort her out, quick smart.
“How’s Archie?” Eden asked.
“He has good days and bad days,” Terry said. “But he’s looking forward to seeing you and Skye. That will perk him up. He should be waking from his nap any time now.” 
On cue, a bell rang loudly from the direction of the living room. Terry heaved herself up, obviously glad to have an excuse to leave. “I’ll just go and sort him out. Back soon.”
Eden sighed and examined her fingernails. Skye ran her forefinger round and round the edge of her cup, her eyes flicking over the room, resting on the calendar of cute kitten pictures on the wall. Josh wondered if she’d spot that it was last year’s.
He helped himself to another muffin. By the time he’d chewed and swallowed it he couldn’t stand the frigid atmosphere any longer. “Want to go for a walk?” he asked Skye, making it obvious he wasn’t inviting Eden.
Her face brightened. “Okay. Um . . . that tree we passed on the driveway . . . could we have a look at that?”
“The Singing Tree,” Josh said. “No problem.” He stood up. “Do you have to unpack or anything? Have you got bags in the van?”
Skye looked questioningly at her mother. 
Eden shrugged. “I’m sleeping in the van.”
Josh blinked. He couldn’t believe this rude, stuck-up woman was his aunt, his own flesh and blood. “Mum fixed up the spare bedroom for you both,” he said pointedly. “It’s got two beds.”
Skye’s eyes flicked between her mother and her cousin. For a second she looked frightened. “Oh . . . okay. Mum, maybe I could sleep in the house? Then you could . . . um . . . spread out comfortably in the van?”
Eden shrugged again. “Suit yourself.”
Josh stood. “We’d better go see the tree while it’s not raining. We can get your stuff out of the van later.”
Skye jumped up. “Okay.” She looked relieved. Then she glanced at her mother. “Uh . . . Mum?”
Eden waved a hand. “Go.” She made a noise that could have been a laugh. “Give my love to the Singing Tree. See if you can guess what I hung on it.”
Josh scowled. So Eden once hung something on the Singing Tree. What would it have been? A jar of rat poison, maybe? A bouquet of gorse flowers?
Skye caught his eye and her lips twitched. For a moment he had the strangest feeling she knew what he was thinking.




Chapter 8: The Singing Tree


Josh led the way to the back door. He eyed Skye’s sports shoes. “Reckon you’d better borrow a pair of gumboots.” He pointed to a row of assorted footwear on the porch. “Try those ones on the end. They’re the smallest. Watch out for weta.”
“What?” Skye pulled a face and peered into the gumboot she’d just picked up. 
“Only joking.”
“You’d better be.” 
While Skye sat on the step and wrestled with the muddy boots, Josh went to the shed and let Flinders out. He gambolled into the yard, making a beeline for Skye. 
“Yikes,” she laughed, trying to fend off his eager wet nose. “And hello to you too. What’s your name?”
“Flinders,” Josh told her. 
“He’s a sheep dog, isn’t he?”
“That’s just a disguise. He’s a clown wearing black and white face paint. The farmer who owned him was going spare trying to train him up. He just wanted to play games with the sheep all day. Eventually the farmer gave in and offered him free to a good home.”
“I’d like a dog,” Skye said wistfully. “But Mum says they’re too much trouble. She bought me a cat instead.” She sighed. “A very clever, very snooty cat called Isis. With a pedigree as long as your arm.”
Flinders ran in wide circles round them as they walked down the driveway towards the Singing Tree. As they got closer they could hear its song – tinkles, tappings, clinks, clanks. Josh smiled. The Singing Tree always made him feel happy.
Skye stood close to the trunk with her back against the bark and stared up into the knotty, lichen-covered branches. Flinders sat on her feet and gazed at her with devotion. She listened carefully as Josh told her about the plum tree and its history. “So how old do you reckon is it?” she asked.
Josh shrugged. “I guess it could be a hundred years old.”
“Wow. Have you hung something up?”
Josh nodded.
“Which is yours?”
“It’s a secret.”
Skye narrowed her eyes and pointed to an old metal spoon and fork bent loosely round each other. “That one?”
“Nope.”
“Rats.” She looked at several more hanging objects. “Bet my mother hung that one up.” She pointed to an ironwork windchime in the shape of three butterflies that made a melodic ringing sound when it moved.
“Why that one?” Josh asked.
“Because it’s proper. Correct. It’s exactly right to hang on a tree. Mum always believes in doing things properly.”
“Yeah?” Josh said. He felt like saying, “So how come she didn’t tell you about me?” but he didn’t. It wasn’t Skye’s fault that her mother was a cold-hearted witch. 
 Skye’s eyes fixed on an object swaying a metre over her head. It was a round hoop with red and black cord woven in a pattern across the inside of the hoop, like a dense spider’s web. Several strips of leather hung from the hoop, decorated with feathers and beads. The ends of the strips were knotted into tiny woven string pouches containing black lumps. “What’s that weird round thing?” she asked.
“It’s a dream catcher. Casey made it.” Josh grinned and jigged up and down, knowing which way the conversation would go. This was his chance. He could tell Skye all about the camp. Then he would invite her to visit. He couldn’t wait to introduce her to Stu and the other protesters. They’d be amazed to hear he had a long-lost cousin. 
“Who’s Casey?” Skye asked.
“She’s American. Dream catchers were invented by the Native Americans. They protect sleepers from bad dreams while letting good dreams through.”
“A Native American? Here in Craghead?”
Josh rose up on his toes, feeling like a bird about to take flight. “She’s a member of the WVT.”
Skye suddenly realised this was a game. She grinned. “Okay. I give up. What’s the WVT?”
“The Wero Valley Taskforce. Haven’t you heard of us?”
“No. Sorry.”
 “Don’t you read the newspapers?” he said with mock indignation.
“Sometimes. Tell me about it.”
He pointed to the east. “Ten kilometres across the plateau, up towards the mountains, there’s a totally untouched, unspoilt area called Wero Valley. It’s the most fantastic place in the world. The Buller Coal Corporation plans to establish an open-cast coal mine there, even bigger than the Dunston Mine. We’ve been fighting them for over a year.”
“We? The Taskforce? So you’re a member?”
Josh studied her. Her expression was serious, earnest. She really wanted to know. She wasn’t just being polite. His heart flipped with joy. “Yep. There are dozens of us. I’m a member, and Mum, and Mum’s partner, Janice. Along with most of the residents of Craghead. And Maori from the local iwi. And people from Westport and Christchurch, environmentalists, scientists, politicians. We all feel the same way. We all want to stop the mine.” 
He paused, watching her face. She nodded, still looking interested, so he ploughed on. “We’ve got representatives from the Green Party, and Forest and Bird, and Greenpeace. We’re supported by all the important overseas environmental groups.” He could feel his cheeks glowing, he could hear the words tumbling out of his mouth. Skye was his cousin, his kin. She needed to know what was important to him. She had to understand what was in his heart. He took a deep breath. “That’s why Casey was here. She read about us on our blog and came all the way from Arizona to join our camp for a fortnight.”
“You’ve got a camp?”
“We’ve had a protest camp occupying Wero Valley continuously for a whole year,” he said proudly.
“You mean people sleep over at the camp?”
“Some sleep over. Some actually live there. Long term.”
 “Wow. What about you?”
“I sleep there whenever I can. Holidays, long weekends.”
“That’s so cool.”
“In the first week we had more than seventy people tramp in to support us. Over the summer there was usually a dozen or so sleeping over, but only three or four people hung in there during the winter. The hard core.” 
Josh jigged from one foot to the other. Should he invite her to the camp now? Maybe he should ask Stuart first. No, bugger it. Stu might say no because of the big protest action coming up. Josh couldn’t bear the thought of losing his chance to bring Skye to the camp. He stared at her, willing her to agree. “How about visiting the camp while you’re here? Maybe stay over for a night? Then you can see what we’re on about.”
“Oh! Um . . . I don’t know.” Skye wrapped her arms round her body, watching the dream catcher revolving above their heads. “What are those black stones sewn into the dream catcher?”
Joshua glanced up. “Coal chips,” he said impatiently. Why was she changing the subject? Was she going to refuse to visit the camp? She couldn’t. She had to come. “Skye, will you come to the camp? Just for a night? It’d be fun.” 
Skye put her hand in her pocket and pulled out a small brown stone. She studied it for a few seconds, then closed her fist over it. “Um . . . okay, I’ll see if I can come - but I have to ask Mum first.”
Josh swung round towards the house. “Come on, let’s go and ask her now.”
“No!” Skye squirmed. “It’s . . . not a good time. She’s pretty uptight right now. Let me talk to her first.”
Josh thought of Eden’s smooth, implacable face and sighed. “Okay. You talk to her.” He clicked his fingers at Flinders, who sprang up from the grass and ran to him. “Guess we’d better head back. They want you to meet Grandpa Archie.”
“I know,” Skye said miserably. 
Josh laughed. “Don’t worry. He’s not a bad old stick. His bark is worse than his bite. Don’t let him start raving on about the old days, though, or you’ll be stuck there for centuries.”
“I don’t mind the past,” Skye said, rolling her eyes. “It’s the present I have trouble with.”




Chapter 9: Blood Vow


Josh led me along the hallway and into a large room. A little light crept through a gap in the drapes, and an old-fashioned standard lamp cast a glow over the bed and its occupant. Two cabinets, one on each side of the bed, overflowed with books and magazines and newspapers. Mum was sitting in an easy chair next to the bed, more relaxed than she’d looked for weeks. 
The room smelled of medicine and soap and something spicy that was vaguely familiar. It reminded me of Paul. Was it aftershave?
My great-grandfather lay propped against the pillows. Over his pyjamas he wore a wine-coloured jacket with black velvet piping. A smoking jacket, I thought instantly, although I’d never seen one, only read about them in books. His sparse white hair was combed across the top of his head. The skin of his face was blotchy, stretched like tissue paper over his bones. His eyes were a faded blue, rimmed with red where the skin of his cheeks had sagged. He looked very clean – and very, very old.
“Ah. Skye.” He held out a bony hand towards me. “I’ve waited a long time to meet you, lassie. You were a wee bairn last time I saw you.” His voice was thin but steady, with a slight lilting accent. Gingerly I took his hand. It felt much warmer than I thought it would be. With him being at death’s door, I mean.
Mum stood up. “Sit here, Skye.”
“Pleased to meet you … um … Great-grandfather,” I mumbled.
“Och, call me Archie. Everyone does. I don’t have time for fancy names.”
I sat down, feeling my mother’s warmth in the cushion under my thighs. “Um, hello … Archie.”
He studied me, head on one side like a bird. A hawk, perhaps. “Hmm, you definitely look like a Cameron. The lift of your eyebrows and the shape of your chin. You remind me of Iris. Your great-grandmother.”
Josh was standing behind me. He laughed. “Come on, Archie. You said exactly the same thing to me when I was ten.”
Archie waved his hand. “And why not? When you get to my age you’re always watching for signs of the bloodline. Looking to see if the important genes will still be around after you’ve gone.”
I noticed Mum slipping out of the room. Oh no, they’re not going to leave me alone with him, are they? He’s so old, incredibly old. What if he needs to go to the toilet? What if he falls out of bed? I was relieved when Josh pulled up another chair beside me.
“Well,” Archie said. “The only two members of the youngest generation in the same room at last. Never thought I’d see the day.”
“Would you believe Aunt Eden didn’t tell Skye about me,” Josh said. “Skye got the shock of her life when Mum introduced me as her cousin.” He grinned at me. “I hope she’s over it by now.” 
Archie frowned. “Secrets. This bloody family is riddled with secrets.” His eyes went to the photo album resting on the side of the bed. “It’s high time the Cameron secrets were exposed to the light of day. All of them.”
I stared at him. Was everything about to be revealed? So easily? I couldn’t believe it. I forced myself to speak. “Um . . . my mum and Josh’s mum . . . do you know why they quarrelled and stopped speaking to each other?”
Archie shut his eyes for a few seconds. “Oh, aye. I know.” He opened his eyes and looked at me quizzically. “But that’s not my secret to tell. You two will have to winkle it out of your mothers.” He clicked his tongue. “Reckon Eden would pull the plug on my morphine if I opened that particular can of worms. No, I’ve got another story to tell you. My own personal secret. ”
“You’re not going to bore Skye to death with stories of the old days, are you?” Josh interrupted.
“And why not?” Archie snapped. “You youngsters need to know these things. They influence what’s going on right now. A lot more than you realise.”
“Yeah, right,” Josh said under his breath.
Archie frowned at Josh. “Och, you’re a useless bag of bones. Always skiving off with those blasted tree-huggers.” He looked at me with raised eyebrows. “Have you ever thought that Skye would like to hear about her family? Maybe she’ll enjoy listening to stories about her beautiful great-grandmother Iris.”
Josh rolled his eyes in exasperation, but I knew Archie was appealing to me. How could I say no? “Uh . . . okay,” I mumbled. “I’d like to hear.”
“Good lass,” Archie said. He scrabbled around in the mess on top of his bedside cabinet and pulled out a bundle of paper held together with a paper clip. “Read this first. For a while I thought I could write it down in a story but my hand gave out on me. This is all I managed to get on paper.”
I took the bundle, glancing at the black ink crawling across the first page. I could decipher it – just. “It began with a vow sworn in blood,” I read aloud.
Archie sank back on his pillows, a look of satisfaction on his face. “Take it away and read it. I guarantee you’ll want to hear more when you’ve finished,” he said, placing a finger on the side of his nose.
Josh shook his head, half amused and half annoyed. “Now you’ve done it,” he said to me. “He’ll bore you silly.” He fixed me with a sharp eye and for a moment I could see a resemblance to his great-grandfather. “Don’t forget you’re spending a night at the camp, Skye. You’re not going to waste all your time shut up here listening to boring old stories.” He jumped to his feet. “Come on, I’ll get your gear out of the van and show you your room.”
“See you later, Archie,” I said, waving the bundle of paper at him.
He gave me a wink. “You’ll be back soon, lassie.”

My bedroom was narrow and dark, the two single beds jammed in with only a metre between them. The bedspreads were dark green and the curtains were grey and green. Maybe Mum had made the right decision to sleep in the van. There was a little bar heater in the corner. I turned it on and the glow helped lighten the gloom. The air smelled sweet. The source of the perfume was a pot of incense smouldering on the dresser. A peace offering from Terry, I guessed. 
Next to the incense stood a small animal carved from wood. I picked it up and examined it. It was a dog – no, a wolf, jaws open, ears flat, either at bay or on the attack. The carving was crude - I could see the scrapes of the blade – but it had power. You could tell the wolf was desperate. Who had carved it? And why was it in my room? Maybe Josh would know.
I sat on one of the beds and stared around the room. It was depressing but at least it provided me with a refuge. A chance to get away from Mum. I still couldn’t believe what she’d done, keeping my cousin secret from me. She was playing her witchy mind games again. The confusion over me discovering I had a cousin meant she didn’t have to say more than two words of greeting to her sister. And none at all to Josh.
She obviously couldn’t care less how I felt about the whole situation. Don’t think about it, said a voice in my head. Be positive. You’re here, you’ve met three relatives instead of the two you were expecting. And one of them is your cousin. What’s more, he’s a guy! You’re one up on her, definitely.
“Okay, okay,” I muttered. “Think positive.”
My head ached. Instead of unpacking my backpack, I lay on the bed and stared at the dingy ceiling. I had been trying so hard to be strong, trying to turn off my wimpy Miss Popularity act, but it wasn’t working. I was still bringing out my usual party tricks – smiling, nodding, agreeing with everything people said – in order to please my newly-found relatives. If I kept them happy, then they’d like me.
Let’s be even more honest. I want Josh to like me. That’s why I agreed to visit the protest camp - but deep down, in the place where my real feelings hide, I don’t want to go. I don’t want to meet a whole bunch of new people, total strangers. I don’t know anything about protests or coal mines or whatever. They’ll think I’m completely useless. 
But Josh would be gutted if I say no. I can’t let him down, not when we’ve only known each other a few hours. He’s my cousin, after all.
What about my aunt? She’s nice, but I can almost smell the anxiety coming off her. She’s worried about something. Maybe it’s just that she wants this visit to go well. Maybe she’s frightened of Mum. Maybe it’s something to do with the Secret. Probably all of the above.
And now here’s Archie, my dying great-grandfather, who’s desperate for me to listen to his stories. Determined to tell me his secret. I can’t say no to him either. 
I pressed the base of my hands hard on my forehead, trying to stop the ache getting any worse. God. All these people expecting things from me. How do I keep everyone happy?
I needed help. I sat up and pulled the touchstone out of my pocket. I wrapped my fingers around it. It was smooth and warm against my palm. I closed my eyes and concentrated on the stone, trying to ignore the chattering in my head.
After a few minutes all the voices but one had faded. It was saying, “Read Archie’s story.”
So I leaned back against the pillow, picked up the sheets of paper, and focused on the spidery handwriting. 

It began in 1924, with a vow sworn in blood. We were only nippers – Geordie was eleven and I was ten. Because we were so near in age we fought harder and played closer than most brothers. We were the Cameron boys – the Cameron ratbags, said the long-suffering residents of Craghead. 
We had a cubbyhole in a corner of the coal-shed. We’d pushed aside the sacks and barrels and managed to squeeze in two wooden crates to sit on. When we wanted to get away from Da’s fists and Mam’s tongue and our wee sisters’ whining, we took ourselves off to our cubbyhole.
Geordie had caught another skelp over the ear from Da. A busybody neighbour had spotted him riding the coal tubs again. We Craghead boys liked to test our mettle by jumping up behind the tubs of coal as they clattered across the plateau on the moving rope-road. We clung to the back of the tub, balancing on the wire rope as it skimmed along between the two rails, just clear of the ground. When the tub came to a roller, we jumped over with a whoop and landed on the wire again. It was forbidden and very dangerous but we all did it, us Craghead boys. 
Geordie crouched on his box in the gloom, elbows on knees, hand cupped over his stinging ear. “I hate him,” he growled. “And her too. And I hate Craghead worse than anything.”
“You what?” I said. It had never occurred to me to hate the town we lived in. Craghead was Craghead, and that was that.
Geordie scowled. “I hate the sodding mine and the sodding company and the sodding weather.”
I snickered. He was copying Da. We heard those same words often enough, usually when Da had spent a few hours propping up the bar at the pub.
Geordie wiped his nose on his sleeve. “I mean it, Archie. Cross my heart and hope to die.”
I frowned. “But we’ll be on the coal in a few years.” It was a given, you see. When we were men we would be coal miners.
“We don’t have to work down the pit,” Geordie said. “Nobody can force us.”
“Da expects it,” I said.
“Sod him,” Geordie muttered.
I was silent, half expecting Da to lurch through the door and give us both a thrashing with his belt.
Geordie turned and glared at me. “Do you actually like it here at Craghead?” he demanded. “It’s a pisshole. It’s always raining or snowing or blowing a gale.”
“The sun shines sometimes,” I said.
 “When we’re old enough we’ll run away to Christchurch,” Geordie said. “Or Auckland. Remember the pictures in that geography book? The sun shines all the time in Auckland.”
I remembered the photographs, all right. There was Queen Street, bustling with trams and cars, lined with fancy shops. Ladies wearing wide hats and short-sleeved dresses dashed across the road. Men in suits and felt hats strode along the footpaths. Everyone was smiling. “How will we get to Auckland?” I asked.
“We’ll earn money on the coal and then we’ll catch the bus to Westport and another to Christchurch and a ship to Auckland,” Geordie said, his eyes alight.
“Oh, aye,” I said, not believing for a second it would happen.
Geordie pulled out his penknife. “We’ve got to swear it. We’ll swear that as soon as we get enough money we’re away from here. We’ll swear in blood.”
Before I could protest, Geordie pushed up his sleeve and ran the blade across the white skin on the inside of his arm. Blood welled up. He always kept his knife razor-sharp for whittling.
“Your turn,” Geordie said, grabbing my hand. He pushed my sleeve up. I held my breath. A moment later I felt a stinging pain and tears sprang to my eyes.
“Hold your arm still,” Geordie instructed. He leaned over and rubbed his arm against mine. The two lines of blood smeared together. “Say after me,” he went on. “I, Archie Cameron, do solemnly swear…”
Dutifully I repeated the words.
“… that as soon as we’ve saved enough money we’ll leave Craghead forever and ever.”
“What about Mam?” I asked. “We’ll come back to visit her, won’t we?”
“We’ll see,” Geordie said. “Just say the vow, Archie.”
So I said the crucial words, adding “Amen” for good measure. I tied my handkerchief, smeared with coal dust, over the cut on my arm. Geordie repeated the vow in a solemn voice and pressed a rag over his cut. Then we sat in silence, scuffing our feet, staring at the red staining the grey cloth on our forearms. Coal slack crunched on the floor under our boots.
“Mam will kill us,” I said.




Chapter 10: First Skirmish


I dropped the sheets of paper on my chest and stared up at the shadows on the ceiling. I felt a bit hazy – I was still there, all those years ago, in the coal-shed with the two brothers, watching blood stain the rags on their arms. 
This was the first I’d heard of Geordie. Wow. Now I had a great-great uncle to add to my family tree. Archie’s words had brought him to life. I wanted to know more about Geordie Cameron. He sounded determined, pig-headed, desperate even. Did he eventually get what he wanted? Did he manage to escape from Craghead?
My eyes were drawn to the carved wolf on the dresser. Somebody had deliberately shaped it to look as if it was cornered, frantic to find a way out. I reminded myself to ask Josh who carved it. 
I felt like charging into Archie’s room right then and there and begging him to tell me the rest of his story. Of course I didn’t. Nice girls don’t rush round demanding things. They wait to be invited. I sighed and read the story again, promising myself that one way or the other I would hear the rest of it. 
But I’d also agreed to go to the camp with Josh. How was I going to fit it all in? How long were we here for, anyway? Mum was being frustratingly vague about exactly when we were heading back to Christchurch. Knowing her, one morning she’ll just decide she’s had enough and we’ll be jolting down the driveway an hour later. 
I pushed my worries to the back of my mind. Time to settle in. I unzipped my backpack, tucked my pyjamas under the pillow, arranged my hairbrush and comb on the dresser. I put the book I was reading on the corner nearest my bed. I didn’t bother unpacking my make-up purse. No way would I be wearing lipstick and mascara in this wilderness. Finally I dug down into the corner of the pack and retrieved my father’s old harmonica. 
Hello, Dad, I thought, you told me to bring the harmonica. Now what do I do with it?
 No answer. Maybe angels are like cellphones – they only have coverage in certain areas. 
Eventually I picked up the wooden wolf and put the harmonica in its place next to the incense pot. It seemed fitting. Like a little shrine. I vaguely wondered if Terry had ever met my father. Impossible to guess. And Mum certainly wasn’t going to tell me.
A few minutes later I poked my head into the kitchen and spotted Josh sprawled on a beanbag in front of an ancient television set. Pots steamed on the stove and the room was full of delicious smells. The table was set for four.
 “Hi,” I said to Josh, suddenly feeling shy.
He scrambled to his feet, silenced the TV, and gestured at the beanbag. “Uh . . . take a seat,” he said awkwardly. “Mum’s helping Archie with his dinner. She’ll be back soon.”
“Thanks. I’ll sit here.” I perched on a kitchen chair. “This was in my bedroom.” I held up the carved wolf. “I wondered who made it.”
Josh took the figurine and examined it. “I’ve never seen this one before. But I know who carved it - Archie’s brother, Geordie. Mum must have found it somewhere. When we moved here the place was bulging with Archie’s junk.” He handed it back to me. 
Another niggling thought crossed my mind, something I’d been wondering about for a couple of hours. Should I ask him? 
Do it, said the voice in my head that probably belonged to Mandy. He’s your cousin. How will you find out if you don’t ask?
“Josh,” I said, “when you were talking about the Taskforce before . . . you mentioned Janice, your mother’s partner. Is she a business partner or something?”
A strange look shot across Josh’s face. “You mean your mother didn’t tell you that either?” 
My stomach knotted. Was I about to fall into another black hole? Gee, thanks, Mum. “Tell me what?”
His eyes slid away from mine. “Mum is gay,” he said. “Janice is her partner.” I recognised his tone of voice instantly. It was the same voice I use when I tell people my father died when I was a baby. A deadpan voice, a voice that asks without words, “Please don’t make a big deal out of this.”
“No, Mum didn’t tell me.”
Josh just shrugged, his body turned away towards the TV screen.
 There was a sudden catch in my throat. “You and your mother simply didn’t exist as far as Mum was concerned.”
Josh folded himself into the beanbag, all elbows and knees like a praying mantis. He nodded. “Yeah. I know. Mum was the same. I wasn’t told I had a cousin till a week before you came.”
“At least you had a few days’ notice to get used to the idea,” I said. “Do you know what they quarrelled about when they were young? Mum won’t tell me a thing.”
Josh shook his head. “No idea.”
 “It must have been something pretty dire. Mum said it made Gran have a nervous breakdown.”
Josh stared. “Gran? Our grandmother? You’ve actually met her? What’s she like?”
“Gran and Poppa. Umm . . . I don’t know them very well. I haven’t spent much time with them.” I wrinkled my nose. “It’s hard to explain. I think I make them nervous, especially Gran.” 
“You’re doing better than me. They refused to have anything to do with Mum after the big bust-up. They’ve never asked to meet me.”
“Sorry,” I said. 
Josh scowled at the flickering TV screen. “While we’re on the topic of family secrets, aren’t you going to ask about my father?” he said in another tone I recognised. It was a let’s-get-this-shit-over-with tone of voice. 
“None of my business,” I said. “Besides, I haven’t got a father either.”
Josh pulled at a finger until the knuckle cracked. “I know. Mum said your father died in Vanuatu when you were a baby.”
I breathed deeply. “Yeah, well, that’s what Mum’s always told me but I don’t know what to believe right now. What happened to your father?”
 The next knuckle cracked. “I don’t know anything about him. Mum says I don’t need to know. Just that he was a willing friend.” Josh did air quotes. 
 “That sucks,” I blurted. At least I had a photo and a lock of hair and a rusty harmonica. What would it be like to have nothing, not even a name?
“I’ve got used to it,” Josh said, but I knew he was lying.
We sat in silence, both watching the TV screen, both acutely aware of the other. A warm glow started simmering inside me. Having a cousin is totally awesome. Someone else feeling the same way as me. Someone else knowing what it’s like to have black holes in your life. 

Terry had prepared a potroast for dinner and she’d invited Mum to eat with us. I’m not a true vegetarian like Mum, so the rich smells were making my mouth water. 
Mum walked into the kitchen and sat on the edge of a chair, looking as if she was going to bolt any second. She didn’t say anything when Terry put a plate of meat and boiled vegetables in front of her, but she carefully pushed the meat to the side of her plate. Then she picked at the vegetables as if they were unknown objects.
Terry ate methodically, her eyes darting between her plate and her sister’s stony face. Josh ate as if he hadn’t had a meal for days, stuffing food in his mouth non-stop. Nobody spoke. The silence was painful.
I was getting more and more fed up with Mum and her poisonous mood. It wouldn’t kill her to be civil for a few minutes. I could see Terry and Josh didn’t have enough nerve to start a conversation so eventually I tossed a pebble into the silence. “Mum, Josh has invited me to spend a night at the protest camp in Wero Valley.” 
Mum put down her knife and fork, side by side. “Sorry?”
“Wero Valley. There’s been a protest camp there for a year. The protesters are trying to stop another open-cast coal mine like the Dunston.”
“I know about it,” she snapped. “I was wondering why on earth you would want to visit a protest camp.”
“Umm . . .” I looked at Josh. He went red and shovelled a forkful of meat into his mouth. No help there.
Mum pushed her knife and fork closer. She took a deep breath. “It’s not a good idea, Skye.”
My stomach suddenly felt too full. “Why?”
Mum’s mouth tightened. “It just isn’t. You’re not used to tramping, you don’t know the countryside, and you certainly don’t know the people at the camp. It’s not a safe environment for you.”
“I’ll look after her,” Josh said.
Mum stared at him as if he was a cockroach. “Sorry, but she doesn’t know you either.”
Josh looked mulish. “It’s only three hours’ walk to the camp. There are several women on site. Skye will be safe the whole time.” He looked at me, his eyes pleading. “You still want to go, don’t you, Skye?”
I squared my shoulders. Mum was being such a bitch. She needed to be taught a lesson. Besides, I couldn’t back out now. It would break Josh’s heart. “Yes, I’d like to go,” I said.
Josh sat back in his chair, looking relieved.
Mum rearranged her cutlery for the fifth time. Then she stood up. “Sorry, but you’re not going, Skye.” She flicked a glance at Terry. “Thank you for the dinner. I’m retiring for the night.” Then she was gone.
Josh slammed his knife on the table. “Crikey, is she always like that?” he growled.
I shrugged. “Well . . .”
Terry cleared her throat. “It’s not you two she’s mad at. It’s me.” Her eyes were shiny with tears. “I thought . . . after all this time, she’d be over it, but she’s not.” She stood up and started gathering the dirty dishes. “I was stupid. I shouldn’t have invited her to come down to see Archie, however many times he asked.” Her voice trembled.
“So why did you?” Josh demanded. “Invite her here, I mean. You could have just said no to Archie.”
Terry sighed. “Archie looked after both of us when we were younger. After we had that terrible fight. He sent us money when we really needed it. I used my money to live on when I moved to Westport, and Eden used hers to set up the shop in Auckland.”
“How do you know that?” Josh asked. 
“Oh, in the early days we had a couple of mutual friends, school mates. They were always happy to pass on the gossip.” Terry glanced at me. “That’s until Edie realised what was going on and cut them dead.”
I nodded to myself. That gift of cash had prompted Mum to travel south to see Archie one more time. She could have just tossed Terry’s letter in the bin, but she didn’t. She owed a debt to her great-grandfather. 
Terry peered at me. “Skye, you look absolutely shattered. You’ve had a long day. Take yourself off to bed. Josh and I will do the dishes.”
I looked at Josh. “Don’t worry about Mum saying I can’t go to the camp. I’ll have another talk to her tomorrow. I might get her to change her mind.”
Josh nodded, but didn’t seem convinced. “Good luck.”
“Thanks,” I said, trying to look confident. I needed another fight with Mum the same as I needed a hole in the head.




Chapter 11: Ghost Town


I woke at dawn the next day. The first thing I did was check my phone, just in case. There was still no coverage. Bummer. What if I was missing important texts? What if Mandy had sent me a message? 
Get over it, said a voice that sounded just like Mum. Mandy is too busy cuddling up to Damien to think about you. 
I swallowed, trying to ignore the ache of loneliness in my throat. Get real, I told myself. You’re Skye Saunders, Version Two. You came down here to discover your new self. And your family. So just do it! 
Pushing aside the curtain, I saw a creamy sky streaked with highlights of pink and orange and gold. It called to me. I needed to be out of the house, under that sky, breathing in its warm glow. I had to run.
I threw on my running gear, left a note on the kitchen table in case someone missed me, and let myself out the back door. I slipped past the camper van as silently as a ghost. No way did I want Mum’s evil eye blighting my run. Flinders barked once in the shed when he heard me tiptoeing past, but I ignored him.
Jogging carefully down the driveway, I sent a mental greeting to the Singing Tree. I started to stretch out my pace over the huge slab of rock beside the road. The air was crisp, nipping at my nose and fingers, and I was glad when my blood began circulating properly.
I didn’t know where I was going but I figured I couldn’t get lost if I stayed on the sealed roads. There was nobody else around. I could have been the last person left on earth. 
I came to a signpost with an arrow saying ‘Bath-house’. The road headed uphill but it didn’t look too rough, so I followed it for a kilometre until I came to a gravelled parking area and a second mysterious ‘Bath-house’ sign. 
A reasonably well trodden track headed off through the bush. A hundred metres along I came to a large rectangular ruin, four black-stained concrete walls with no roof. Little alcoves with curved entrances ran along the two longer walls. A huge pile of rusty machinery lay in the middle of the concrete floor, and down at the far end was a round metal cylinder, taller than me, with a hole in the front. It looked as if it had been removed from a locomotive engine and just dumped there.
A noticeboard informed me that the alcoves were where the miners showered after their shifts in the mine. The big metal cylinder was the boiler for the hot water. I stuck my head into one of the alcoves and tried to envisage a naked man standing there, wrapped in swirls of steam, sluicing black dust out of his hair. 
Maybe Archie and Geordie, my great-grandfather and great-great uncle, had their showers in this very alcove after a shift digging coal. The idea made me grin to myself as I imagined two naked men. 
But Geordie might have fulfilled the vow sworn in blood and escaped from Craghead before he was old enough to work in the mine. Archie had definitely been a miner when he was young – that was one of the fragments of information Mum had doled out while we were driving to Craghead. 
I thought about Geordie as I ran back along the deserted roads, across the giant shoulder of rock, and up the driveway. He sounded like a rebel, a black sheep. What happened to him when he grew up? I wanted answers – and Archie was the key. This was my family being revealed. Nobody, not Mum or even Josh, was going to stop me from finding out the truth.
By the time I’d slunk in the back door and figured out how to get hot water from the antiquated shower over the bath, breakfast was being served in the kitchen. Josh was tucking into bacon and eggs with his usual single-minded dedication. Terry was nibbling on toast and marmalade while she worked at the sink. 
Mum was nowhere to be seen, probably eating a carton of low-fat yoghurt in the camper van. I couldn’t face bacon and eggs, but managed to work my way through a bowl of muesli and banana.
When I finished eating, Josh winked at me and made a shushing gesture. Then he crept up behind his mother, grabbed her in a bear hug, and said, “I’m taking Skye for a little drive. Back soon. See ya.” 
He hustled me out of the kitchen before Terry could say anything. For a few seconds I wondered if we were setting off on the forbidden tramp to the protesters’ camp, but when he dragged open the doors of a shed and revealed an ancient yellow VW Beetle, I realised he had other plans.
“It’s Archie’s,” he said proudly. “I’m allowed to drive it round Craghead.”
I didn’t ask if he had a driver’s licence. An excited Flinders was installed in the back seat and Josh and I climbed into the front. Josh graunched the car into gear and we jerked backwards out of the garage, perilously close to the camper van. Flinders panted down the back of my neck. 
Mum appeared at the door of the van and gestured to me. She wanted us to stop. I waved back, pretending not to understand, and a few seconds later we were jolting down the driveway. The VW clattered gamely over the massive rock at the end of the driveway and then we were on the tarseal. 
I looked over at Josh. He was grinning. I was too. We’d escaped! Just the two of us, on our own at last. “We’ll go and see the museum first,” Josh said happily.
We parked in front of the old schoolhouse. I could hear the creek rushing along the cleft beside the building. While Josh unlocked the door of the schoolhouse I peered over the edge of the playground at the picnic area next to the creek. This time I noticed a small stone cairn close to one of the picnic tables. There was a plaque fixed on one side of the cairn, near the top. “What’s the memorial for?” I asked Josh.
“It commemorates the women of Craghead,” he answered. “The miners’ wives and mothers and daughters. It was Janice’s idea. She’s into women’s lib and all that stuff.”
“Janice,” I said. “What’s she like?” 
Josh squirmed. “Uh . . . dunno.”
“Come on. You must be able to tell me something about her.”
 “Umm . . . she likes growing things. She has a greenhouse down in Blackstone Bay.” 
“What else?”
He shrugged. “She’s determined to save Wero Valley.”
I tapped him on the arm. “But what kind of person is she?”
He nudged me back, very gently. “You’ll find out for yourself soon. She’s coming up to Craghead today to meet your mum. And you.”
“Good luck to her,” I muttered. 
Flinders had settled himself on the doorstep of the museum, looking forlorn. He knew he couldn’t come inside. We stepped over him into a corridor lined with glass cases displaying ancient textbooks, dog-eared and stained. 
Josh led the way into a big room set up to look like a classroom of seventy years ago, with rows of double-seated wooden desks. The desktops and seats were covered with carved names and crude drawings. 
Josh took me over to a display of class photos on the wall. “See?” he said. “That’s Geordie, back row, second from the left. He’s thirteen. And in this one Archie’s at the end of the second row. There’s Iris, our great-grandmother, sitting in the front row. They were both twelve so they were in the same class.”
I squinted at the tiny sepia-coloured faces. It was hard to make out their features, but I could tell Geordie had a huge grin, Archie was frowning, and Iris looked very wide-eyed, maybe even a bit spooked. “It’s weird,” I said. “But sort of cool at the same time.”
“What?”
“Seeing dead people whose blood I share.”
Josh shrugged. “Archie’s fanatical about family history but I can’t see the point of digging up the past. It doesn’t make any difference to me. Or to you. What happened fifty years ago is useless.”
“Have you read that story he gave me?” I asked. “About Archie and Geordie’s blood vow?”
“Yeah.” He swung round. “It was interesting, I guess, but it doesn’t mean anything. What’s going on today, right now, is far more important.”
I screwed up my nose at him. “Like your Wero Valley campaign?”
Josh grinned. “You bet.” He took hold of my elbow. “Come on. There’s heaps more to see.”
“I thought you didn’t like history,” I teased.
“Mum and Janice helped set up this museum,” he replied. “I’ll get horsewhipped if I don’t show you everything.”
The next room was packed with mining tools and equipment – picks, drills, shovels, helmets, brass lamps, bridles, timber supports, lengths of chain, rolls of wire. In the middle of the room was a big wagon laden with coal, fastened to two pieces of rail held up on a steep angle by metal supports. “This shows the steepest gradient of the Incline,” Josh told me. “It was a 1 in 1.3 ratio. It fell 500 metres in 1.6 kilometres.” 
“Oh.” I must have looked blank. 
Josh laughed. “I’ll take you to the top of the Incline next,” he said. “Then you’ll know what I’m talking about.”
The third room of the Museum was dedicated to family life in Craghead, with exhibits such as irons, kettles, tin baths and wooden baby rattles. The walls were covered with black and white photos of the town, showing dozens of small houses scattered at random over the stony landscape, as if some giant had simply dropped them from the sky. No trees, no gardens, no fences, just stony tracks between the houses. 
Josh leaned over my shoulder and pointed to a two-storeyed building with a big verandah, standing much higher than the houses huddled around it. “The Star and Thistle,” he said. “The pub owned by Iris’s parents, our great-great-grandparents.”
I stared at the photo for a minute, thinking of Iris – my great-grandmother. I needed to find out more about her too.
The last classroom was set up to promote the work of the Wero Valley Taskforce. There were several big aerial photos of the Dunston Mine. It looked horrendous, a huge running sore on the landscape. The trucks and diggers seemed like toys, dwarfed by the massive holes, roadways, and heaps of rock and dirt. 
On the opposite wall were coloured photos of Wero Valley, showing vistas of huge rocky slabs, rushing waterfalls, bush-filled valleys, and plains of red tussock. Dark mountains looming like guardians in the distance. 
Another group of photos showed the protest camp and its inhabitants. I studied the eager, smiling faces, most of them young. All wearing heavy outdoor gear – boots and leggings, parkas, woollen jumpers, beanies. 
“That’s Stuart,” Josh said over my shoulder, pointing to an older man with cropped auburn hair and a tanned face, grinning as if he owned the whole valley. He was standing between two young women, his arms slung round their waists. “He’s our coordinator. He’s been with us almost since the beginning. The camp wouldn’t exist if it wasn’t for Stu.” Josh’s voice was reverent. 
I didn’t want to tread on my cousin’s hero worship, but I thought Stuart looked a bit too up himself. “Okay,” I said, trying to sound enthusiastic.
“They’re planning another protest action,” Josh said suddenly, grabbing his own shoulders and rubbing his hands up and down his arms. I stared at him. Why was he so jittery all of a sudden? “I don’t know what, exactly – they won’t tell me,” he gabbled. “Stuart and Janice reckon I’m too young to be involved. It’s going to be something big, a headline grabber, bigger than any of our other campaigns. They’ve been planning it for ages.” 
I gaped at him. “Wow. Exciting. Uh, what kind of campaigns have you - they - organised before?”
“Let’s see, a year ago we dug up the gardens in front of the Buller Coal Corporation building in Westport and left a load of coal there. Another time we chained a banner to the clocktower. And four months ago two guys padlocked themselves to the railway lines to stop the freight trains carrying coal to Lyttelton.” He licked his lips. “Reckon this new protest is going to be way bigger than all of those.” 
My skin prickled. This is the kind of stuff you see on the TV news. Stuff that people do in other countries, crazy extremists who have nothing to do with me and my life - but my brand-new cousin seemed to be one of those crazy people. A shudder ran down my spine. “Josh, you did say you won’t be getting involved?” 
Josh scowled. “Yeah. Stuart says if I got arrested the police would check out my home life. He reckons they’d say Mum wasn’t looking after me properly, letting me hang out with criminals. They’d take me away.” 
“Oh my God.” I felt sick. I couldn’t get my head round this talk of police and arrests and criminals. This was so not part of my life. “Does your mum know what’s going on?” 
“Nah. Archie would have a heart attack if Mum was out there protesting - but she helps by supplying stuff for the camp.” He pulled at a finger joint, making it crack. “Janice is right into it, sort of like Stuart’s right-hand man. Sorry, woman.” His eyes skipped to the photo of Stuart on the wall. “But they’re really pissing me off. I can’t get even one little hint out of her or Stu about what they’re planning.” 
I examined the photos of the protesters with new eyes. Don’t be fooled, I told myself. These smiling people aren’t just harmless greenies. They’re activists, extremists, what’s the word . . . eco-warriors. They don’t care about breaking the law. They’re fighting a battle that means everything to them.
I had to say something. This was too important to just let slide. I turned to Josh and grabbed his hands. “I didn’t find my one and only cousin after all this time only to have him arrested. Promise you’ll keep out of it?” Josh’s eyes slid away from mine. I dug my fingernails into his wrists. “Promise!” 
“Ouch. Promise,” he said with a reluctant grin. “I’ll never be able to find out what they’re planning, anyway. They close up like steel traps whenever I’m around.” 
“Good.” I let him go. “Now, where’s this famous Incline I keep hearing about?”
We piled into the Beetle and clattered our way along the main road towards the western rim of the plateau. Eventually Josh turned on to a side road and pulled in to a muddy carpark. 
A short walk brought us to a wide, flat area covered with random blocks of stone and concrete. Flinders took off running, nose to the ground. “The bins were over there,” Josh said. “Massive sheds with conveyor belts and chutes. The coal was brought in from the mines in tubs, screened and weighed, and eventually tipped into the big Q wagons which ran down the Incline. This building was the brake head. It held a huge drum with wire rope wound round it. The rope let the full wagons down the slope, at the same time pulling the empty ones up. One man sat in the brake shed and controlled the whole thing.” Josh grinned. “He must have felt like God.”
My eyes kept turning away from the concrete blocks towards the western horizon. We were standing close to the edge of the plateau. Ten metres away the land just stopped and blue sky took over. A wooden platform with rails and a stationary coal wagon marked the top of the Incline. 
“Come on,” said Josh, taking my hand. “We’re lucky it’s a fine day. Usually all you can see is cloud.” 
We walked across the platform towards the edge. I gasped. The bush fell away on each side, revealing a wide panorama of sky and sea and land. The coastal land was far below, a narrow strip of patchwork fields bordering the white-rimmed curve of the West Coast shoreline. 
It was like looking down from an aeroplane. So much sky, so much air. I felt as if I could fill my lungs like balloons and launch myself from the cliff and float out over the ocean.
The laden coal wagon was secured at a crazy angle on the rails which ran over the edge of the rock platform. I jumped down and stood next to the wagon. It towered over me, much bigger than it seemed from a distance. 
Then I looked over the edge of the bluff and finally saw the cleared path down through the bush that used to be the Craghead Incline. It was unbelievably steep. I put my hand on the cold metal of the wagon, pretending that with one push I could send it hurtling down the cliff-face at breakneck speed. 
Josh watched me take it all in, a smug look on his face. “The wagons took five minutes to go down. In the early days there was no road up to Craghead, just a donkey track. So people used to ride up and down in the coal wagons. Some people were so frightened by the ride up that they didn’t go down again until they were in their coffins.”
“Wow,” I breathed, unable to lift my eyes from the track slicing down through the bush.
We wandered round the area, poking and prodding. Everywhere we walked little chunks of bright black coal crunched underfoot. The big buildings, the sheds and chutes, all that hard work and industry, totally gone now – leaving behind only a layer of coarse black chips. 
Clasping my petrified wood stone tightly in my pocket, I read the display board and tried to imagine what it would have been like in the days when Archie was a boy – the coal rattling down the chutes, the huge brake drum groaning, the wheels screeching on the wet rails, the clang of metal as the hook-man attached the hook to the back of the wagon and drove in the locking pin. According to the board, the Incline never stopped working – it kept going through wind, rain, sleet, or snow.
“Seen enough?” Josh asked. “We’d better go home and face the music. Archie’s probably been nagging Mum for the last hour so he can give you another ear-bashing.” 
Thank you for the tour,” I said, suddenly feeling stiff and awkward. “It was . . . fantastic.” 
Josh put his arm round my shoulders and squeezed. “I wish it could be like this all the time, just the two of us. Getting to know each other. Without the family secret stuff poisoning everything.” 
I liked the clasp of his arm round me. It felt safe. “Me too,” I told him. 
Josh’s hug reminded me of Mandy and Damien. “Hey,” I said. “Is there anywhere up here I can get cellphone coverage? I feel like I’m lost at the end of the world.”
Josh grinned. “It does that to you. There’s a good spot up the hill behind our house. You’ll see a path leading up beside the coal-shed.”
“Let’s go,” I said. “I’ve got text withdrawal symptoms.”




Chapter 12: Olden Days


Mum’s camper van had gone when we arrived back at the house. We found Terry sitting at the kitchen table with several pages of newspaper spread out in front of her. All sorts of small found objects lay in groups on the newspaper – dried leaves, seeds, pebbles, twigs, pressed flowers, shells. She was bending over a small picture frame, using tweezers and glue to place a delicate arrangement of seeds on to a handsewn pattern of green and silver threads.
“Oh, hello,” she said, blushing as if we’d caught her doing something sneaky. “Skye, your mother has gone to Westport to catch up with an old friend. She thought it would give you a chance to spend time with Archie.”
Yeah, I thought, more likely she was desperate to escape. I shouldn’t knock it, though. Things would be easier without Mum around.
“What are you making?” I asked, looking over her shoulder.
Terry twitched. “Nothing much,” she said. “I like mucking round with collage. Just a little hobby.”
Josh patted her head. “Her little hobby produces wall decorations that sell in gift shops all over the South Island. Tourists love them.”
I examined the one she was working on. The pattern of seeds and twigs and leaves reminded me of the bush. It was peaceful. Calming. “It’s lovely,” I said.
Terry shrugged and looked up at me. “Skye, Archie is all set for visitors. Could you maybe spend half an hour with him?”
I looked at Josh.
“Off you go,” he said, flicking a hand towards the door. “Enjoy your dose of history. I’ve got some Wero Valley stuff to do.”
I dashed into my bedroom to pick up Archie’s story, and hurried down the hall to his room, feeling a bit guilty. He’d probably been waiting for ages while I was swanning round the place with Josh.
Today he was wearing a tartan zip-up cardigan over his pyjamas. He looked very dapper. His eyebrows were positively bristling. He rubbed his hands together as I settled in the chair by the bed. “So,” he said, nodding his head at the papers in my hand, “what did you think of my story?”
“I liked it,” I said honestly. 
 “It must seem an awfully long time ago to you.” He arched an eyebrow at me. “Too long maybe?”
“No,” I said. “I want to know more. Did you and Geordie eventually manage to escape from Craghead?”
Archie held up a bony finger. “Hold your horses, lassie. I’m not going to tell you the end of the story before we’ve even started. You need to know a bit more about Craghead. What life was like in those days.” His face seemed to pinch in on itself. “Otherwise you won’t understand.”
“Understand what?”
He sighed. “What we did. Geordie and me. Both of us did bad things, very bad things, in our different ways.”
“Tell me,” I said, settling back in the chair.
“Soon,” he said. “Pass that over, will you?” He gestured at the photograph album on the bedside cabinet at my elbow. 
It was heavy. “Here you are.” I balanced it gingerly on his knees.
He turned the stiff black pages. “Righto.” He held down a page to show a big square photo, faded to caramel brown. It was a formal picture of a man, a woman, two boys and two little girls, all wearing stiff, old-fashioned clothes. They were obviously dressed in their best for the photographer.
“Which one is you?”
Archie pointed to the shorter boy. He looked serious, earnest, reluctant to have his photo taken. “That’s Geordie.” Geordie was smiling wickedly at the camera, hands behind his back, shoulders slouching. He looked like a real hard case. 
“Those are our sisters, Bethany and Cynthia,” Archie said, rubbing a finger over the two wide-eyed little faces. “And those are our parents, James and Myra Cameron. They brought Geordie and me from Scotland to Craghead when we were bairns. They were after a better life than the one we had in the slums of Edinburgh.”
He stared at his parents’ grim, unsmiling faces. “Och, I remember we had a dismal arrival at Lyttelton. Our boxes had been broken open and the contents looted. Mam cried when she found her most precious possession – a white linen tablecloth – had been stolen. That’s my first real memory as a child. Standing in a big dark cave of a warehouse, listening to the rain hammering on the tin roof and watching my mother weep over a trunk with a broken lock.”
Archie leaned back and gazed at the ceiling. “Da always said working in the Craghead Mine was no picnic, but it was better than lying on your back in a narrow tunnel and hacking away at the coal face two feet over your head – which is what the miners did back in Scotland.
 “We soon settled into the Craghead routine. Da was up at five o’clock in the morning for the early shift, which meant Mam had to get up before him to make his porridge and cut the sandwiches for his crib tin. It was thirty minutes’ hard going on shanks’ pony to the mine mouth for a six o’clock start. He was home again at half past four, after a scrub-down at the bath-house. He was always starving after his shift. Mam had to have his dinner on the table as soon as he walked through the door or there was the devil to pay.”
Archie shook his head. “Geordie and I got home from school not long before him. The last thing we wanted was to sit down to a big plate of meat and vegetables. We wanted to run round, let off steam. If Mam was in a good mood, she’d keep our dinners warm on the range and let us play outside for an hour.
“Our special treat was to raid Da’s crib tin. He always left one sandwich inside, smeared with black fingerprints. Geordie would use his penknife to cut the sandwich into two equal parts, one for each of us.” He chuckled. “Bethany and Cynthia didn’t get any. They were only girls.” 
Archie tapped his fingers on Geordie’s face in the photo. “The day after we made our blood vow in the coal-shed, Geordie handed Da’s sandwich to me, uncut. ‘You can have it all,’ he said. Funny, I’ve only just remembered that.
“Geordie and I went to Craghead School, four big, draughty classrooms with coal fires burning most of the year. If you sat near the fire you roasted, if you sat on the far side of the room you froze. The playground was dynamited out of solid stone. The surface was hard-packed clay and sandstone. Grazed elbows and bloody knees were badges of honour among us boys.”
“Josh took me to the schoolhouse this morning,” I told Archie. 
“Oh, aye,” he said vaguely, lost in his memories. “We were bred tough in those days. The boys’ lavatory was ten yards away from the classrooms, built of sheets of corrugated iron nailed to a wooden platform sticking out over the creek. In winter we skated across a sheet of solid ice to reach it, with gale-force winds doing their best to bowl us over. The older children had to hang on to the wee ones to stop them being blown away.”
He stopped talking and rested his head against the pillow, eyes shut. I wondered if he’d finished. Maybe he’d tired himself out? But then he started up again.
“The headmaster, Mr Easton, was a sadistic bully. Every day he hurled chalk and wooden dusters at us, yanked on our ears, hit us over the knuckles with his steel-tipped ruler. If we copied more than five words wrong from the blackboard, we got the strap.”
He coughed, and I realised he was laughing. “Wouldn’t get away with it today. Not allowed to lay a finger on the little scalliwags these days. Made us look after each other, though. It was always us against the big bully. 
“One day Geordie and his mates came up with a cunning plan. Nobody had enough nerve to do the deed except for Geordie. He stole Mr Easton’s strap and threw it into a coal tub heading for the sorting bins. We ran beside the bin for a mile, yelling our heads off. Unfortunately the strap was spotted as the load tumbled into the bin. It was dug out and returned to its owner.
“Mr Easton always knew it was Geordie who took it, but he couldn’t prove it. Nobody in the class would rat on Geordie, even when Mr Easton gave us all a hundred lines to write: Protecting a thief makes you as guilty as the thief himself.”
Archie slumped back on his pillows, his head tilting. His closed eyelids seemed to shiver. 
I gazed at him in alarm. Oh, God. Was he dying? “Are you all right?” I asked. 
After an eternity his eyes opened and flicked towards me. “Sorry. Takes it out of me. Could you fetch Terry?”
I jumped up. 
“Skye,” he croaked, reaching out and grabbing my wrist.
“Yes?”
“Come back later? When I’ve had a rest? There’s more to tell.”
“Of course,” I said, patting his hand. “I wouldn’t miss it for the world.” And I meant it. 
But as I walked towards the kitchen, I sighed. I could feel myself being pulled in three different directions again – by Mum, Josh and Archie. It was like three invisible chains clamped round my neck. 
Who was the most important? It had to be Archie. This was his one and only chance to tell his story. I couldn’t let down a dying man.
The next few days weren’t going to be easy, that’s for sure. 
Who said life should be easy? 
Oh, go away, Mum. 




Chapter 13: Matters of the Heart


Josh mooched round in his room, waiting impatiently for Skye to escape from Archie. He had so much stuff to tell her, so much to show her. And nowhere near enough time to do it. How long were Eden and Skye staying? Terry had been vague when he asked her. Presumably Eden knew, but there was no way he was going to approach her. 
Josh checked his watch for the umpteenth time. Skye had been with Archie for over an hour. Had she fallen asleep in there? He went online and checked his emails. There was one from his mate Garth at Buller High, sending him links to “research material” on YouTube. Knowing Garth, they’d be videos that would horrify his mother if she ever saw them. Luckily she never used the computer. He saved the email for future reference.
Another email was from Josie, a girl in his class. They’d been exchanging smiles for a couple of months. He was sure she was sending him signals. Garth thought so too. Now here she was, telling him she was having a few friends over next Saturday to watch DVDs, and would he like to come?
Josh shut his eyes and dug his fingers into his scalp. Jesus. What a bummer. A week ago he’d have moved heaven and earth to get himself down to Westport for a close encounter with Josie. Even if he had to hitchhike all the way there and back.
But what about Skye? His one and only cousin. He couldn’t just shoot off and leave her. And he didn’t think Skye would want to come to Josie’s place. Reluctantly he typed out a few words of explanation to Josie and finished with, “Maybe another time?” It was lame, but he couldn’t think of anything better. 
He clicked over to Skye’s Facebook profile. The picture of Barbie was still there. He scowled at it. Why Barbie, for God’s sake? What was she thinking when she put up the picture? Bet it was something to do with that controlling bitch mother of hers.
There was a soft knock on his bedroom door. Josh grabbed the mouse, ready to close the screen, then stopped himself. Why not ask Skye right now? She’d put the picture on Facebook for the world to see. It wasn’t private in any way. “Come in,” he called, swivelling his chair towards the door.
Skye pushed the bedroom door open. Her eyes widened as she took in the Greenpeace posters and assorted photographs covering the walls. Then she looked at Josh and realised he was sitting in front of a computer. “Um . . . sorry, you’re working. I’ll go. We can talk later.”
Josh swung his chair right round to face her. “Why Barbie?” he asked.
“What?” Skye looked confused. 
Josh gestured at the screen. “Your Facebook page. Why Barbie?”
Skye looked past him. “Oh. That.” Her shoulders drooped. “It was what I felt like at the time. You know. Empty. Plastic. Not real.” She shrugged. “End of story.”
“No way,” Josh said. “Not end of story. To be continued. I want to hear about it. When you’re ready to tell me. That’s what cousins are for.”
Skye grinned weakly. “Okay,” she said. “To be continued.” Her gaze ran around the walls, trying to take in the dozens of photographs of endangered creatures and pristine landscapes. 
“Deal.” Josh closed down the computer, stood up, and offered Skye the chair. She shook her head and wandered over to the bookshelf. She ran her finger along the spines of the books. Then she went to the wall and studied a group of photos. “Wow. Books and photographs. You’re really into the environment, aren’t you?”
Josh felt himself flushing. He wanted Skye to know him, to understand him, but it was hard to expose his private beliefs to her gaze. What if she thought he was a nerd? A weirdo? He sprawled on his bed. “Yeah. We’re all into the environment, aren’t we? We have to be. If this lot vanishes…” he waved at the walls, “… it’s only a matter of time before we go too.” 
Skye leaned over and examined a row of pictures showing plants and mosses. “Did you take these?”
Josh leaped off the bed and stood beside her. He could smell a faint lemony perfume. Was it her shampoo? “Yep. Those were taken in Wero Valley.” He took a deep breath. Might as well go the whole hog. “I’m doing a study of the ecosystems.”
 Skye looked more closely. “Are these plants rare or something?”
Josh felt a rush of relief. She hadn’t even blinked when he told her about his study. It had been Stuart’s idea. Initially Josh had baulked at the idea of crawling all over the valley taking notes and photos, but after a while he found he was enjoying it. When he’d shown his biology teacher what he was doing the teacher had looked impressed and told him his study could end up in a scientific journal. 
“Well, they’re not rare on their own,” Josh said. “But the combinations of flora and fauna – the ecosystems – exist only on the Buller coal fields. They can’t be found anywhere else in the world.” 
Skye nodded. Josh couldn’t see her face, but he thought he heard her sigh. “You’re lucky,” she said. “You have a passion. A goal. I don’t know what I want.” She shrugged and looked embarrassed. “Except not to grow up like my mother. Big deal.”
Josh didn’t quite have enough nerve to put his arm round her and give her another hug. She might think he was coming on to her or something. “It’s not all good,” he said. “Sometimes being an environmentalist is crappy. People call us freaks and layabouts. They say we’re betraying the country because we don’t care about creating jobs and helping the economy. The jocks at school think it’s funny calling me a tree-hugging weirdo. And worse.”
“Tell me about Wero Valley,” Skye said softly. 
Josh felt like punching the air. She wasn’t just being polite. She really wanted to know. “It’s not just the landscape we’re protecting,” he said. “It’s the fauna as well. Bellbirds, tui, fantails, grey warblers, robins, silvereyes, shining cuckoos, moreporks. Three officially endangered bird species live in the valley – weka, kaka and great spotted kiwi. And a special species of snail.” 
Skye grinned. “Snails? Endangered snails? You’re joking.”
Josh pulled a photo off the wall. It showed a hand holding a large snail with a shiny yellow and brown shell. “A year ago the mining company was ordered by the courts to relocate several hundred rare giant land snails so it could mine a new ridge near the Dunston Mine. It cost them megabucks. There was heaps of stuff in the newspapers about it.”
“Sorry. I didn’t see it,” Skye said.
 “There’s a similar species living in Wero Valley. The Buller Coal Corporation is trying to wriggle out of spending more money on moving the Wero Valley snails. We won’t let them. We’ll take them to court again if we have to.”
Skye stepped sideways and stood in front of a wide aerial shot of the Dunston Mine. Josh followed her, so close their shoulders touched. Side by side they stared at the devastated landscape, with its gouged pits and heaps of rubble. “It’s obscene,” she said. “It looks like the surface of the moon.” 
“Or a bomb site,” Josh said.
Skye shivered. “It’s creepy. See how it’s all hidden behind the bluff at the edge of the plateau. Anyone driving along the coast road wouldn’t have a clue the mine is there.” 
 “That’s the way they like it. Out of sight, out of mind. It covers 2300 hectares,” Josh told her. “It’s over ninety metres deep in parts. They reckon there’s still 30 million tonnes of coal waiting to be mined.” 
Skye sank down on Josh’s bed. She picked up his worn old teddy bear with no eyes and cuddled it under her chin. “It’s awful.”
“That’s only the half of it. What will happen to the Earth’s atmosphere when all that coal is burned?” Josh pointed at a poster showing a blue, cloud-wreathed Earth floating in space. “You know about global warming, don’t you?”
Skye nodded. “My science teacher’s always going on about it.” 
“Coal is responsible for twenty per cent of the world’s carbon emissions from human activities.” Josh paced round the room, feeling the anxiety that always invaded him whenever he thought about the statistics. “Coal is helping to kill our world.”
Skye buried her face between the teddy bear’s ears. Josh looked at her bent head, instantly furious with himself. What a dickhead. He was ear-bashing her. Served him right if she jumped up and ran out of the room. He sat down next to her on the bed and touched her hand. “Sorry. Sorry. Too much info. Next time I get on my soapbox tell me to stick a sock in it.”
Skye bent over and pulled a dirty football sock from under the bed. “This one? Phew! You’d be knocked unconscious!”
Josh laughed and grabbed the sock. Thank God. It was okay. She wasn’t going to run away. She didn’t think he was a weirdo. “Sorry. Mum will kill me if she finds that.” He peered at her. “That’s enough spouting off from me. What about you? You’re my real live cousin and I don’t know anything about you. Your Facebook page is a little . . . um . . . light on information.”
Skye squirmed. “Nothing to tell.” 
“Come on. No wriggling out of it. What are you keen on?”
Skye glanced at the guitar propped in the corner. “Do you play the guitar?”
“I sort of play the guitar. I’m learning from a guy at the camp. Stop stalling - I’m waiting to hear about you.”
“Oh … um … I like cats. Most of the time.” She sucked in a breath. “Sorry. That sounds totally pathetic.”
Josh deepened his voice and drawled, “Reckon I’m a dawg man myself.”
“Isis is an Abyssinian and she’s like, very intelligent,” Skye gabbled.
Josh waited. 
“But I’d really like a dog,” she added. “I think dogs love you for who you are. Cats just use you.”
“What else do you like?”
“Running,” she said. “I like running.”
“Running from what?”
“Nothing.”
Josh frowned at her. 
“Okay. Everything. Sometimes the only time I feel normal is when I’m running.”
“Do you run competitively?”
She shook her head. “No. Too much hassle. I just enjoy the way my body takes over and the junk in my head floats away.”
He nodded. “What else?”
Skye gazed round at the walls as if she was going to find the answer in the pictures. Then she reached into her pocket and pulled out a brown polished stone. “You’re going to think I’m nuts.”
“Try me.”
“Stones,” she said. “I like stones. This one is petrified wood.” She held her hand out to Josh. He took the stone, feeling how warm it was. Warm from her skin, he thought.
 “You mean the study of rock and stones? Like geology?” he asked.
“Yes!” she said, as if she’d just had a revelation. “Exactly like that! Maybe I could be a geologist when I’m older.” She took a deep breath. “I want to dig deep. I want to touch the bones of the earth.” 
“Then you’ll like Wero Valley,” Josh said. “I don’t know much about the geology of the coal fields, but there’s enough rock there to keep you digging for centuries.”
They looked at the stone lying in his palm, their heads close together. “It’s still warm,” he said. “Warm from you.”
Suddenly a figure appeared in the doorway. It was Terry. Something flashed in her eyes when she saw them sitting side by side on the bed. “There you are,” she said in a thin voice. “Like two peas in a pod. Skye, your great-grandfather has had a rest and wants to talk to you again. Are you okay to spend another half hour with him?”
Skye took her stone out of Josh’s hand and stood up. “Yes.”
Josh found himself leaping to his feet. “Is it okay if I come too?”
Skye smiled. “I thought you didn’t like old stories?”
Josh blushed and shoved his hands into his pockets. “Nothing better to do.” Skye sent him a quizzical glance. Josh tried to put on his “whatever” look, but he had the strangest feeling she could see straight into his head. Was it always like this with cousins?




Chapter 14: Death and Life


Archie beamed when they both walked into his room and sat down. “What’s this? Has my audience doubled in size?”
Josh shuffled his feet. “Just making sure you’re not boring Skye to death.” 
Skye drew in a quick breath at his words, her eyes wide.
Archie gave a bark of laughter. “Don’t worry, lass. Talk of death doesn’t upset me. I haven’t got enough time left to waste it on being precious.” He rolled his eyes to the ceiling. “Now where were we?”
“Um . . . being punished after Geordie threw the headmaster’s strap into a coal tub,” Skye said.
Josh settled back in his chair. He’d just let Archie’s words roll over him. It was Skye he wanted to focus on. With a bit of luck he could watch her for the next half hour – and nobody would notice what he was doing.
“I want to tell you about Iris Hatton,” Archie said slowly. “Your great-grandmother.” His eyes glistened. He opened the photo album balanced on his knees and turned the pages. “Here she is. Iris was the bonniest girl in Craghead.” 
Josh watched as Skye pored over the photo. He’d seen it before. It was Archie and Iris’s wedding photo. Archie stood at attention, glaring at the camera. His hand lay possessively on Iris’s shoulder. She was sitting on a chair beside a small ornamental table, her wedding veil secured by a band of flowers round her forehead. She wore a nervous half smile, as if she expected the photographer to suddenly leap out from behind his camera.
“She’s beautiful,” Skye breathed.
“Oh, aye.” Archie sighed and ran his fingers over the photo. “She had a beautiful heart too. Her parents owned the Star and Thistle Hotel. The hotel had a hall attached, and every Pay Friday there was a dance. For a long time Geordie and I were too young to go to the dance, but we always hung round at the back of the hall and kept an eye out for Iris, who helped with the supper. Geordie would toss a pebble at the window of the kitchen. Iris would look up, see our faces shining in the light, and give us a lovely smile. Two minutes later she’d hand out a plate piled high with sausage rolls and lamingtons.” Archie sighed. “Geordie’s favourites, especially the lamingtons. I preferred sponge cake, but for some reason Iris never managed to steal any.
“Iris’s parents worked her like a skivvy, but some afternoons she managed to escape from her chores at the pub and came looking for Geordie and our gang.” He sighed. “What a grand time we had. In the summer we swam in the creeks, cooked crawlies in a billy over the fire, built canoes out of corrugated iron. We played Cowboys and Indians with bows made from supplejack and string. We slid down muddy banks on nikau palm husks. 
“We played Kick a Tin on the flat area of road outside the Star and Thistle. We divided into two teams and played with a tin because none of us had a ball. The only rule was to get the tin over the opposition line as many times as you could. 
“Iris ran like a deer. Geordie would dive into the middle of a scrum, use his fists and elbows to get control of the tin, then he’d give it a hearty boot to Iris waiting at the edge of the road. She’d hitch up her skirts and run like crazy, kicking the tin along in front of her. Nobody dared tackle her. They knew they’d answer to Geordie’s fists after the game if Iris came to any harm.”
“Geordie loved Iris, but you married her,” Skye said with a frown.
Josh saw a strange look flash across Archie’s face. “Aye.”
“How come?” Skye asked.
Archie scowled at the wedding photo. “We’ll get to that soon enough, wee lass. I need to work up to it, if you ken what I mean.” His Scottish accent had suddenly thickened.
Skye leaned back in her chair. “Okay.”
“The days of our childhood raced past,” Archie went on. “At the time they seemed endless, but end they did, very suddenly. I was fourteen and Geordie was fifteen.”
He paused and stared into space. Josh wondered what he was seeing.
“The first we knew of the disaster was the sound of the siren,” Archie said slowly. “Whenever an accident happened at the mine the siren wound itself up and wailed like a banshee. Every soul, right across Craghead, stopped what they were doing. The children in my classroom fidgeted and whispered, hoping it wasn’t their father or brother or uncle who was in trouble. Straight away one of the teachers went to the mine office to see what was up. 
“An hour later Geordie and I were called to the Headmaster’s office. I remember standing outside his door with my teeth chattering. Geordie’s jaw was clenched so tight he looked as if he’d never open his mouth again. We knew what the Headmaster was going to tell us.
“Our father had been killed by a fall of stone in the mine. The official inquiry revealed that he didn’t wait for the smoke to clear after an explosive shot was fired in the coalface. He’d gone in too early and a block of stone had fallen on him.” Archie shook his head. “I’ve often wondered if the three hours he’d spent at the Star and Thistle the night before had anything to do with his carelessness.”
Josh fidgeted in his chair. He already knew how his great-great grandfather died, but Archie’s dry words painted a scene in his imagination that was too vivid for comfort. 
“Our lives changed after his death. As a miner’s widow Mam was granted a pension, but it was a pittance. We were allowed to stay in our house as long as we could keep repaying the loan - but there simply wasn’t enough money to pay the mortgage and feed the five of us. Geordie had to leave school immediately and start working for the mining company. As soon as I turned fifteen I’d do the same. 
“Geordie started off as a clippie. He worked at the mouth of the mine, clipping the coal tubs to the moving wire rope that trundled them across the plateau to the sorting bins at the top of the Incline. It was dangerous work. Clippies often ended up minus a finger.
“Geordie’s pay as a clippie wasn’t enough, and after a few months Mam persuaded the mine management to bend the rules and let him work as a trucker. We weren’t meant to work underground till we were sixteen, but Geordie was a big strong boy and his birthday was only three months away so he was allowed to work down the pit.”
Archie closed his eyes, his face as pale as parchment. 
Josh jerked himself out of his reverie. He’d been daydreaming, imagining what it would be like when he took Skye to the protest camp. “Archie,” he said. “Take it easy. You’re wearing yourself out.”
Archie’s eyes opened a slit. “Oh, aye. How about a cup of tea? Special tea,” he wheezed.
“I’ll get it.” Skye jumped out of her chair. “What’s special tea?”
Josh grinned to himself. “Just make a big cup of tea, no milk, two sugars.”
Skye nodded and scurried out of the room.
Archie cleared his throat. “I saw you watching her,” he croaked. “Don’t get too involved, lad. She looks mighty raw and vulnerable right now. The last thing she needs is someone she trusts giving her mixed signals.”
“I’m not!” Josh protested. “She’s my cousin. I’m just trying to get to know her better.”
Archie folded his arms. “She’s young and pretty. You’re young and some people might call you presentable. Sometimes feelings can get away on you. Just take care, that’s all I’m saying.”
Josh nodded. He didn’t feel that way about Skye. Josie, yes, but not Skye. He just wanted – what? To feel close to Skye. To be able to talk to her without worrying about what she thought of him. To know she cared. That was all. It wasn’t too much to ask, was it? 




Chapter 15: Lifelines


After I’d brought Archie his cup of tea I muttered something to Josh about having a rest. Then I crept out the back door, aiming to locate the path up the hill behind the house. 
I was desperate to check my text messages. I was missing that friendly little beep. Total electronic silence for days on end was tough. 
I was also dying to have some time on my own. Talk about weird. Before we came I’d been longing to meet my relatives and was looking forward to living in a house full of family. I’d welcomed the idea of having people round me all the time. 
But now that I was here, actually doing it, I was finding that living with other people can be awkward and embarrassing and just plain annoying. I kept on wondering where everyone was and what they were doing. Were they wondering where I was? Was Josh hovering outside my empty bedroom right now? Was Terry offended because I hadn’t offered to help with the vegetables for dinner?
I was beginning to understand why Mum had been so determined to shut herself away in the camper van. I frowned at the wheel marks on the gravel as I walked past. For a second I envied her freedom to come and go as she pleased. 
You could have done the same, I reminded myself, but you didn’t want to upset Josh and Terry. The usual problem, being a total wimp, trying to keep everyone happy. You’ve got nobody but yourself to blame.
Flinders heard me walk past the shed. He came bounding out, eyes bright, tongue flapping, tail wagging. Wherever I was going he was going too. 
I struggled up the rocky track behind the dog’s black tail, pushing through clumps of long grass and getting wet blotches all over my jeans. The track eventually ended at a flat area that looked as if had been blasted out of the hillside. A solitary brick chimney stood at attention in the centre of a huddle of scrubby little bushes. Flinders followed his nose into the surrounding foliage and disappeared from sight. 
There had once been a house here. I looked around, expecting to see – what? Concrete foundations, sheets of corrugated iron, rusting bedsteads? But there was nothing, just the chimney pointing to heaven. It was a bit spooky. I wished Flinders would come back and keep the ghosts at bay.
I checked my mobile. Glory – it had a signal! By the time I’d walked behind the chimney and leaned against it to shelter from the wind, my mobile had gone into a frenzy of beeps. I had six texts! My throat dried up. One might be from Mandy. Maybe she was missing me like I was missing her.
But none of the texts were from Mandy.
One was from the owner of the cattery where Isis was staying. Isis settled well, Queen of the Cattery as usual. Well, that’s a relief. Isis had wailed so bitterly on the drive to the cattery that I’d had visions of her going on a hunger strike and starving to death.
Another text was from Alison, my running buddy who’d moved away. Totally missing our runs. Running solo sucks. Call me. Hmm. Maybe I wasn’t the only lonely person in the world. 
The third text was from Lisa, who was in the group Mandy and I hung out with at school. She was organising a trip to the local mall for a shopping spree and a movie. Was I up for it?
Yeah, sorry, Lisa, I’d love to. I just happen to be in the wrong island.
The fourth, fifth and sixth texts were from Paul. Howz things in the Deep South? Dont get lost in the mountains! The next one said: Txt me wen u gt bak. We cld catch up ova a smoothie. And the last one said: Hows Eden? Chilled out enuf 4 me 2 snd her a text? 
For a moment my heart fluttered. Wouldn’t it be cool if Paul and Mum got back together again? 
Mum’s voice sounded in my head. In your dreams, Skye.
I stared at the glowing inbox screen, wondering whether to phone Paul. No, best not. What the heck would I say to him? You’re crazy, chasing after her. Don’t you know the Ice Queen can freeze hearts at twenty paces?
I couldn’t stop looking at the bright little screen in my hand. There’s a real world out there - where people do ordinary things like go shopping and drink smoothies and send texts to each other. While I’m marooned down here in a ghost town at the bottom of the world. What was it Mum said? Time goes backwards in Craghead. I drew in a deep breath, reluctant to turn off the comforting electronic glow. It was my only link to the real world.
What would I do if Mum suddenly appeared in front of me and said, “Get in the van, Skye. We’re going home, right now.” I groaned out loud. I honestly didn’t know. If I ran away from Craghead I’d be turning my back on so much. I’d be rejecting my cousin. I’d also lose any chance of finding out why Mum had cut herself off from her family. 
Josh. I thought of the way he looked into my eyes and read my mind. No, I wasn’t ready to give him up. Not yet. Not ever.
Flinders burst out of the bush and stared at me as if to say, “What, still here?”
“Hang on,” I told him, and quickly texted Paul. Mum hving rotten time. Snd hr a joke but it needs 2 b a good 1!
What the hell. It was worth a go.
When I got back to the house there was a muddy ute parked where the camper van usually sat. On the side, just visible under the dirt were the words ‘Food for Life’. Janice, Terry’s partner, had obviously arrived. Oh God, another stranger to face up to. Another person to please. 
I took a deep breath and walked into the kitchen. The three of them were sitting round the table, Josh, Terry and Janice. I pasted a smile on my face. Janice had pepper and salt hair hanging in a long braid down her back. She was wearing jeans and a heavy woollen shirt. Her face was creased and weatherbeaten, with deep smile lines round her eyes - but she wasn’t smiling. In fact, she was frowning.
Not at me, please God, not at me . . .
“Janice, this is my cousin, Skye,” Josh said, jumping up. 
Janice dipped her head at me. Still no smile. 
She hated me. “Hello,” I squeaked. 
Janice studied me for a couple of seconds. Her gaze seemed to cut straight to the darkest, most shameful corners of my heart. Finally she nodded, and I felt as if I’d passed some kind of test. “Crikey, you two look alike,” she said in a husky voice. “Terry said it – peas in a pod.” She held her hand out. The nails were square-cut and very pink, as if she’d just been scrubbing them. I shook her hand, trying to grip firmly, but Janice beat me in the squeeze department, no contest.
She turned to Terry. “Eden said she’d be back in time for dinner?”
Terry was clutching a cup of tea to her chest. “Yes. I’ve got roast beef and a big vegetable casserole. Eden is a vegetarian.”
Janice nodded. “Figures.” 
I pretended not to see Terry glance at me and shake her head minutely. “Can I get a cup of coffee?” I asked.
Terry jumped up. “Of course. Sorry, I should have thought. Are you hungry? Do you want a biscuit?”
Josh was slumped right down in his chair, hands stuffed in his pockets. The mention of food made him sit up. “Yes, please,” he said.
Janice punched his shoulder. “No food till you give me a hand unloading the stuff from the truck. Off your butt.” 
Josh gave her a shove in return, but seemed quite happy to do as he was told.
They were still outside and I was setting the table for dinner when I heard the growl of an engine outside. Mum had returned from Westport. Terry lifted her head from the pot she was stirring. “That’s Eden,” she said, her face creased with worry. “Skye, would you stir this custard for me? I think I’d better go and do the introductions . . .” She hurried out of the kitchen, tugging at her apron strings. 
I held my breath and stirred lightly, trying to hear the conversation taking place in the backyard, but it was impossible. Eventually Terry, Janice and Josh returned to the kitchen. Their faces were carefully blank. I guessed the introduction between Janice and Eden had not been the social occasion of the year. My stomach began churning. I had a bad feeling about this family dinner. 
“I’ll dish up,” Terry said. “Eden is just washing her hands.” 
The dinner began okay. Josh shovelled food into his mouth as if he hadn’t eaten for days, Janice ate steadily and stared at the wall over Mum’s head, and Terry tried to engage Mum in conversation about her trip to Westport.
“Did you notice the gemstone shop in Blackstone Bay?” she asked. “It’s only been open a few months.”
Mum picked at the soggy pile of vegetables in front of her. “I had a quick look.”
“What did you think?”
Mum shrugged. “Some interesting river stones.”
“Oh, good,” Terry said, too enthusiastically. “The lady who set it up is a really nice person. Very keen. I could introduce you to her, if you like?”
Mum looked at me. “What did you do today, Skye?”
Everyone stared at me. I went hot and cold all over. “Um . . . Nothing much. Josh showed me the Museum and the Incline,” I gabbled. “And Archie told me stories about him and Geordie and Iris when they were children.”
Mum seemed to relax slightly. “I’m glad you’re getting on okay with Archie. It might help him rest easier.”
Josh suddenly dropped his knife and fork on his plate. We all looked at him. When I saw his chin sticking out, my heart sank. Not now, Josh. This is not a good time. He didn’t hear my mental message. “We’ve been talking about the Wero Valley protest,” he said loudly. “Skye’s really keen to spend a night at the camp. Aren’t you, Skye?”
He was glaring at Eden. She met his stare with a chilly gaze. “I’ve already said she’s not going.”
Josh turned his eyes to Janice. “You and Stuart are walking to the camp tomorrow morning, aren’t you? Skye and I could come too. Stay the night, walk back on Tuesday morning. I’ve checked the forecast. It’s pretty good. No rain.”
Janice frowned. She was thinking hard. “Yes, Stuart and I are walking in tomorrow,” she said slowly. “But . . .”
Josh looked at me. “How about it, Skye?”
“She’s not going,” Mum said.
I wanted to curl up in a little ball under the table. Josh was so desperate to make this happen. He wanted me to see the most important thing in his life. How could I say no?
“Why can’t she go?” Josh challenged Mum. “She’ll be perfectly safe the whole time.” 
Mum glared across the table at her sister. Terry didn’t notice, though, because her eyes were fixed on her plate. “It’s just not a good idea.” There was a weird undertone in Mum’s voice.
Janice bristled. “If Skye wants to go to the camp, then let her. She’ll be walking with three experienced trampers. Josh is right – she’ll be perfectly safe.”
Mum shook her head. She was beginning to look a bit desperate. “That’s not what I meant.”
“Then what did you mean?”
Mum tried again. “Who’ll be looking after her? Besides her cousin, I mean?”
“I’ll be looking after her,” Janice snapped. “And Stuart.”
Mum scowled. “Who is Stuart?”
“Stuart Dyer. He’s the coordinator of our protest group.”
“So she’d be setting off into the bush with three . . . strangers,” Mum said, obviously swallowing a less friendly word. “She doesn’t know any of you. Neither do I. She’s not going.”
Janice reached out and squeezed Terry’s hand. Terry dropped her eyes again, biting her lip, but she still didn’t speak.
They were fighting over me as if I wasn’t there. I couldn’t stand it any longer. Why was Mum being such a complete and utter cow? Something was going on under the surface, something that Josh and I knew nothing about. 
“That’s not fair. I know Josh,” I said to her.
She turned on me. “You don’t know Josh at all,” she spat. “One day with a person doesn’t mean you know him.”
Strangely, I thought of Mandy. What would she do? She’d fight back. Mandy didn’t let people walk all over her. I envisaged Mandy standing behind me, hands on my shoulders, willing the words into my head. “Tell the truth for once,” I said to Mum. “You don’t want me to go to the camp because you don’t want me spending time with Josh.”
For a second everyone froze. Terry and Janice exchanged glances. Josh ducked his head to hide his face. 
Red spots bloomed on Mum’s cheeks. She drew in a shaky breath. “I’m thinking of you, Skye. In a few days we’ll be heading back to Auckland and you won’t see your cousin again for God knows how long.” She smiled at me, but it was a bit wobbly. “You’re in a very precarious state at the moment. You need to focus your energies on reaching a more stable plane.”
“Stop it,” I hissed. “I’m not one of your Garden of Eden customers.” 
“You have nothing in common with these people, Skye.” She paused. “Sorry, the protesters, I mean. Their ideas are nothing to do with you. This is not your fight.”
“She’s sitting at the table with three of ‘these people’,” Janice retorted. “Two of them are related to her. Isn’t she old enough to make her own decisions about who she spends her time with?”
“No, she isn’t,” Mum said.
Terry looked up. Her face was bright red. She was on the verge of tears. “I’m sick of this. You still believe you’re better than everyone else, don’t you? Same old Eden. You think we’re going to contaminate your precious daughter.”
Mum glared at her. “That’s ridiculous. I just don’t want Skye getting involved in things that are nothing to do with her.”
Josh glanced up and met my eyes. He was pleading with me. I could feel his need like an arrow in my heart. I had to say something. “I’m not getting involved in the protest,” I burst out. “It’s just a few hours’ tramping into the hills and back. It’s only one night away. It’s no big deal.” I leaned towards Mum and tried to look keen and excited. “I really want to go, Mum. It’ll be fun. Didn’t you do things like this when you were young?” 
Mum looked round the table. Her lips were tight and her eyes wide. I waited for her to continue the battle. Suddenly she sighed, shook her head, and stood up. “All right, Skye. Go. I can’t stop you. Just remember what I said about not really knowing people. Excuse me.” She turned and strode out of the room. 

 


Chapter 16: Dark Times


“Why does she hate me so much?” Josh demanded.
I opened my mouth but nothing came out. 
“She doesn’t hate you,” Terry said wearily. “She just … doesn’t know you properly.”
“Bullshit. I can feel her hating me every time we’re in the same room. She can’t bear to look at me. She can’t say my name.”
Nobody spoke. Terry started stacking the dirty plates, but stopped when a knife fell to the floor with a clatter. She stood still, rubbing her hands together, head bowed.
“Well?” Josh challenged, glaring at his mother’s back. “Mum? What’s going on?”
Terry sank into her seat again and rubbed her eyes. “Edie and I had a . . . difficult relationship when we were young. Some sisters are like chalk and cheese. Oil and water. Always at loggerheads. Always fighting.” She reached out to touch his arm but he jerked it away. “Edie sees you as . . . as part of me, Josh. She turned her back on both of us a long time ago.”
Josh shook his head stubbornly. “It’s more than that. It’s like she wishes I’d never been born.”
Terry looked hopelessly at the pile of dirty plates in front of her. “I’m sorry. That’s all I can tell you.”
Josh lurched to his feet and his chair clattered to the floor. “You’re as bad as she is. You and your bloody secrets. Treating me like a kid. Like I don’t count. I’m sick of it!” He stumbled past me and through the doorway. I knew he didn’t want me to see the tears in his eyes. 
I sat frozen in my seat. I was dying to get up and leave, desperate to be on my own, but I couldn’t move.
“Well,” said Janice. “That was a complete balls-up, wasn’t it?”
“Sorry,” Terry whispered.
They exchanged glances. I could sense unspoken words in the air.
Terry rubbed her eyes, pasted a wobbly smile on her face, and said, “Skye, would you like to take two helpings of peach cobbler out to the van? Eden might be glad to see you right now.”
I was being offered an escape. I breathed a huge sigh of relief. “Okay. Thanks.”
I carried the two plates from the kitchen, pausing just outside the door to adjust a precarious spoon. I heard Terry say in an anguished whisper, “It’s getting worse. Eden’s wrong. They need to know the truth. Right now.”
“Eden will have your guts for garters if we tell them behind her back. At least wait till after this hike to the camp tomorrow,” Janice replied. “Maybe she’ll calm down and realise how stupid she’s being. I can keep an eye on them at the camp. ”
“What about the . . . you-know-what, the protest action?” Terry said in a low voice. “When is it happening?”
“It’s okay,” Janice said. “Josh and Skye will be safely back here before anything drastic takes place. I promise.”
I held my breath but there was no more conversation, just the rush of tap water into the sink. I peered round the edge of the door. They were holding each other tightly, their cheeks pressed together. Janice was patting Terry’s back.
I tiptoed away, bearing my peace offering, but my head was spinning. Terry had said, “They need to know the truth.”
So there is something big being hidden, something worse than Mum and Terry’s childhood squabbles. Something that affects Josh and me. 
But what?

That night I slept badly. I kept on having dreams where I was running after Josh, then suddenly he changed into Mandy, and when I looked round Josh was running behind me. We all had to do something really urgent, but I couldn’t remember what it was. I woke up at midnight, sweating despite the chill of the room. 
I got out of bed, hauled on a cardigan and crept into the hallway, planning to get a drink of water from the kitchen. I saw light shining from Archie’s doorway and the faint sound of music reached my ears. I tiptoed down the hall and peeked in. He was sitting up in bed, reading a magazine. A radio was playing softly. The room was cosy and warm, much more cheerful than my frigid bedroom.
“Hello,” I said.
He looked up and smiled. “Skye. How nice to see you. Can’t you sleep either?”
I shook my head. “I was getting a drink of water. Can I bring you something? A cup of tea maybe?”
“I’m fine,” he said. “Have some water from my jug. Then perhaps you’d like to keep an old man company for half an hour? I can guarantee you’ll sleep like a baby after listening to one of my stories.”
A minute later I was snuggled in the easy chair next to Archie’s bed, toasty warm under the knitted throw rug he gave me.
“What’s this I hear about you trekking off to the protest camp tomorrow?” Archie said in a mock growl. “Why do you want to spend time with those nitwits?”
“Josh is keen for me to go.”
“I’m not going to bore you with my antiquated opinions,” Archie said, his eyes suddenly flashing blue. “But don’t let that lot brainwash you. There are two sides to every story. Coal is the lifeblood of this part of the country. The Dunston Mine pumps hundreds of thousands of dollars into the economy here. Coal means jobs, jobs attract families and houses and towns. Those dole-bludgers at the camp conveniently forget their handouts come from taxes paid by ordinary working folk.” He stopped talking, winked at me, and pretended to zip his mouth. “Sorry, Skye. You don’t want a lecture. I promised you a family story, and that’s what you’ll get.”
“You worked in the mine, didn’t you? And Geordie too? Did you dig coal?”
“Aye.”
“What was it like? You know, down in the mine?”
He shook his head. “I shouldn’t say this – but it was a bugger of a job. Not that the miners ever admitted it. Sometimes I think it was like going off to war. Men have a compulsion to put themselves through the hardest and bloodiest experiences they can find – just to prove they’re proper men. There was a lot of tough-guy stuff going on among the coal miners.”
He paused for a few seconds, staring into space. “The glamour of the mine started early. Most of us boys were fascinated with what went on underground. We thought those tunnels disappearing into blackness were mysterious and romantic, God help us. The miners were our heroes. When Geordie came home from his first shift underground as a trucker, I asked him what it was like down the pit, expecting him to say how thrilling it was. He just scowled and said it was hell.
“Like a fool, I kept on at him till he lost his temper. ‘Remember when we swore a blood vow that we’d get out of here?’ he demanded. He grabbed my arm, pulled up the sleeve, and jabbed a finger into my scar. ‘Don’t forget. We’ve still got to do it. Get away from this stinking place. Build ourselves decent lives somewhere else.’” 
He sighed. “At that stage I was thinking only of Mam and our two wee sisters. I asked Geordie how they’d manage without us. He just shrugged and poked my scar again and made me vow a second time that I’d go with him when he left Craghead. Even as I promised, something in my bones told me I wouldn’t be going with him.” 
I summoned my courage. “But what was it really like, being underground?”
He gave me a weary smile. “I found out when it was my turn. The mine was a mighty network of tunnels, running for miles under the plateau. The miners at the coalface were called the hewers – they worked on the coal seams with explosives, drills, and picks. They used big banjo shovels to heft the coal into the tubs. They worked in darkness, their only light coming from the lamps on their helmets. 
“The truckers shifted the tubs on and off the main rail line which ran to the mine mouth. Horses pulled the races of tubs along the subsidiary lines, braw little pit ponies who spent most of their lives underground.
“My first job was to sit next to the rails on a wooden box, on my own, waiting for the signal that a race of empty tubs was on its way back. After the first few days I just about went crazy so I started taking a book with me, tucked inside my shirt. It didn’t help much. I’d sit there, hour after hour, listening to the drip of water and the creak of the wooden supports, all the time gawking like a ninny into the blackness beyond my lamp light.”
His eyes drifted up to the ceiling. “I never told a soul, but I was waiting for the roof to collapse. There was close to a hundred yards of rock between me and the sky. I couldn’t stop worrying how the flimsy support beams could hold up against the might of all that rock.”
He rubbed his hands up and down his pyjama sleeves several times, as if he was trying to clean his palms. “The coal dust became part of us. We ate it, we breathed it, we swallowed it. At the end of our shifts we tried to wash it out of our hair and eyes and skin, but we never got rid of it.” 
For a few seconds a memory of the derelict bath-house flashed through my mind. I was right. They had stood there in the shower alcoves, my great-grandfather and his brother, trying to scrub themselves clean. 
“Geordie had graduated to being a hewer by the time I became a trucker,” Archie went on. “When the Great Depression came along, I was a hewer as well. By that time I’d got used to being underground – well, as much as you can get used to it. Geordie never did. He’d come home from his shift and sit by the fire and spend hours carving wee wooden figures. As soon as he finished one he chucked it into the fire and started another. I stole one of the figures once, when Geordie put it down and forgot about it. It was a horse. Wild eyes and an open mouth, rearing on its hind legs.” 
“There’s a carved figure in my bedroom,” I said. “But it’s a wolf, not a horse. Did Geordie carve it too?”
“A wolf?” Archie cocked his head. “Oh, aye, Terry found that one behind some sacks in the coal-shed. I’d forgotten about the wolf.” He smiled at me. “Have a word with Terry, lass. She’ll probably let you keep it.”
“I’d like that. What happened to Geordie’s horse?”
 Archie frowned. “Funny thing. A year after Geordie vanished, I hung it on the Singing Tree. It stayed there for at least twenty years. Then it disappeared.” Archie rubbed his chin. “I looked all over for it, but I could never find it again.”
He fell silent, obviously thinking about the missing wooden horse.
“So Geordie vanished?” I prompted. “He left without you?”
“Aye. I’m coming to that shortly. Geordie started drowning his demons with beer, just like our Da. He’d spend hours up at the Star and Thistle. By that time Iris was working with her father behind the bar. Her eyes would light up when Geordie came through the door and she’d drop whatever she was doing and rush over to serve him.”
Archie picked up his glass of water. “I’m getting dry. Have I tired you out yet, lassie? Ready to sleep?”
I frowned. “You keep on saying that Iris loved Geordie - but she married you. What happened?”
Archie’s face went hollow. “That’s the next part of my story.” He put down his glass and rubbed his eyes. “The worst part. Reckon we should both get some sleep now.”
I stood up, suddenly feeling tired. “Okay. You will tell me the rest, won’t you? When I get back from the camp?” 
Archie looked up at me. “It won’t be easy, but I need to tell it.” His face showed the weight of all his ninety-eight years. “Sleep well, bonny lass.”




Chapter 17: Overheard


I was deeply asleep when Josh pounded on my door the next morning. “Wakey wakey!” he bellowed. 
I groaned. 
“Skye? Are you awake?” 
“Mmf.” I hauled myself out of bed, pulled on my clothes and stumbled through to the kitchen. 
“Bacon and eggs for you this morning,” Terry said, dumping a sizzling plate in front of me. “You’ll need the energy for your hike.”
I forced the food down while Josh and Janice went to the wash-house to pack the camp supplies into our backpacks. After I’d swallowed a big cup of tea Terry let me leave the table and go out into the misty morning.
The first thing I noticed was Flinders. He was curled up in a tight ball on the ground, nose buried in his tail. His mournful black eyes were following everything that was going on.
“What’s the matter with him?” I asked.
Josh laughed. “He knows where we’re going. And he knows he’s not coming. No dogs allowed in Wero Valley.”
Josh and Janice were carefully packing bags of fruit and vegetables into two big backpacks, twice the size of mine. I picked up my little pack. It didn’t seem too heavy. Though I had a suspicion that by the time I’d carried it for three hours it might feel as if it was packed with rocks. 
“How long before we leave?” I asked Janice.
She scowled. “Maybe an hour. We’re waiting for Stuart. He’s driving up from Westport. Don’t worry, I’ll give you ten minutes’ warning so you can have a final loo stop.”
I stared at Mum’s camper van. No sign of life. I knew she was in there, tucked up in bed, listening to the noises outside. Should I go in and see her?
I couldn’t leave without saying goodbye. That would be too cruel. I tapped on the door of the van and climbed up the steps. Mum was sitting up in the fold-out bed, reading a book. Or pretending to read a book. She looked terrible. Her face was chalky and there were smudges under her eyes like dirty thumbprints. 
“Morning,” I said. “We won’t be leaving for an hour or so. We’re waiting for Stuart.”
“Okay,” she said tonelessly.
I took a deep breath. “Mum, I’ll be fine. Stop worrying.”
She frowned. “Skye . . .”
“What?”
 “Don’t . . .” Her eyes were bleak. “Don’t do anything silly. And don’t forget to take your mobile. If you need to talk you can climb a hill and call me on Terry’s landline. Any time, day or night.”
“Mum, I’ll be all right,” I said. “I’ll be back for lunch tomorrow. You’ll hardly know I’m gone.” 
“I’ll know,” she said.
On impulse I leaned over and gave her a kiss on the cheek. “I love you, Mum.”
She looked taken aback. We didn’t say things like that very often. Well, hardly ever.
“Me too,” she replied.
Janice and Josh had disappeared into the house, but Terry was kneeling on the ground outside the wash-house, wrestling with the straps of one of the big packs. Flinders was still a miserable ball of fur in the dust.
“I’ll just go and check my mobile messages,” I said to Terry, pointing up the hill. “Won’t be long.”
She nodded briefly, her attention fixed on the awkward strap.
Ten minutes later I reached the level patch of rock and collapsed into the sheltered spot behind the chimney. I switched on my mobile. No beeps. Not one. I punched in the number for my voice mail, just in case. Nothing there either. My throat went dry. I felt like crying. Isn’t there one person out there in the real world who’s thinking of me?
To hell with pride. Shall I make the first move? Shall I text Mandy and say I’m sorry I haven’t been in touch? Shall I tell her I’m missing her heaps? Maybe we could have a coffee when I get back?
I was just about to start punching the keys when I heard scrabbling noises and heavy breathing on the other side of the chimney. I froze. Someone else had just climbed the hill, no doubt clutching a mobile. Maybe it was Josh? I was about to poke my head out from my hiding place when I heard a gruff male voice. Definitely not Josh. It had to be Stuart Dyer, guiding light of the Wero Valley Taskforce.
“D here,” the voice said.
I tried hard not to listen - but I did.
A pause then, “All sorted,” he said. “The helicopter did two drops yesterday. Drop B at Burton’s Mound and the dummy drop C at the Crag. Both crates safely stowed under bushes.” 
There was a silence. What was I going to do? It was too late for me to suddenly stand up and say hello, nice to meet you. Please God, don’t let him go for a stroll round the chimney and discover me eavesdropping in the shadows . . .
“No, just the packs of anfo in the B load.” 
What did he say? Anfo? What on earth’s that?
“The detonators and the rest are with me.”
Detonators? Did he really say detonators? Oh God. Pieces of information clicked into place inside my head. Detonators. Explosions. A top-secret protest action coming up. Possibly dangerous. 
The protesters must be going to blow up something.
I tried to sink into the rock beneath me. I stopped breathing. I’m not here. I didn’t hear a thing.
“No problems in that department,” he said, chuckling. “Eating out of my hand as usual. The Kraut was all over me like a rash when I asked him to help set up the dummies at the Crag.” 
Silence again. Then he laughed. “Don’t worry. I’ll be safely in the wind. Roll on the good life. I’m sick of mollycoddling that bunch of losers.”
He had to be talking about the Wero Valley protesters. I stuck my fingers in my ears. I so did not want to hear this conversation. I tried hard to will myself back into my bed. Then I could start the day all over again.
Stuart mumbled and grunted a bit more. Then nothing. Eventually I pulled my hands away from my ears so I could hear what he was doing. There was a click as he shut his mobile. The sound was very close. He had to be standing just the other side of the chimney. I heard scuffling noises and a cough. Thank God, he was walking away. 
I couldn’t move. I was going to sit there forever. One day someone would find my bones propped against the chimney.
But a vicious cramp in my leg forced me to my feet. I peered round the edge of the chimney, very slowly. No one in sight.
Sick in my stomach, I worked my way back down the path, trying not to make a sound. What if he’s standing near the bottom of the path? What if he sees me come down and realises I heard his conversation? 
But when I came within sight of the house, the backyard was deserted except for Flinders. He was sitting up, staring miserably across the yard at me. A shiny black SUV was parked next to Janice’s muddy ute. 
Thank you, God or whoever. I was safe. Nobody knew I’d been up the hill the same time as Stuart, except for Flinders and Terry. And Terry had been busy with the backpack strap. I went over and rubbed Flinders’ silky ears. “I didn’t hear a thing, okay, Flinders? Not one word.”
I thought of Mum’s warnings. She was right. As usual. This protest was nothing to do with me. I mustn’t get involved. I should just forget Stuart’s conversation. Probably I heard him wrong. It was bound to be another word he used, not detonators. Like … um … alligators. Oh yeah, birdbrain, as if he’s going to be bringing alligators along on a tramp in the bush. 
Stop thinking about it. Forget it! It’s nothing to do with you.
I walked into the kitchen and found it packed with people. Panic City. I made to turn around and walk out again, but it was too late. 
“Skye, there you are,” Terry called. “Come and meet Stuart.”
“Hello,” said the deep voice I’d heard on the other side of the chimney. He was a lean, compact guy, the same height as Josh, probably in his late thirties, with short-cropped hair and the deep tan you get from spending most of your life outdoors. He looked fit, strong, and light on his feet. He was smiling, but his light blue eyes were boring into me. 
“Hello,” I mumbled, feeling as if I was going to throw up. 
“I hear you’re spending the night at our camp,” he said. His voice had an Australian twang. “Hope you don’t mind roughing it.”
“I’ll be fine,” I said, pasting on my best Skye-is-a-nice-girl smile.
“Don’t worry, I’ll look after her,” Josh said.
“Reckon you can manage the tramp in and out?” Stuart asked, running his gaze up and down my body. 
“She’s a long-distance runner,” Josh informed him.
“Amateur only,” I muttered. 
Stuart nodded. “Sweet. So, Skye, what do you know about our protest?” 
I almost stopped breathing. What is this, an interrogation? Does he think I’m a spy or something? “Oh…” I gulped. “I think it’s, like, so important. Open-cast mines are totally gross. How can people support killing birds and trees and grasses and …” I racked my brains to recall Josh’s words, “… and snails, just for the sake of digging up coal? I mean, coal pollutes the air, doesn’t it?” 
I must have sounded suitably harmless because Stuart nodded, winked at me and turned to Josh. “Dude, you going to take a few more samples of lichen from that eastern pavement?”
“You have footpaths out there?” I blurted.
Stuart didn’t make any effort to hide his grin. Josh looked embarrassed. “If you’re thinking of being a geologist, Skye, you’ll have to learn the terms,” Josh said. “Pavements are areas of sandstone.”
“Oh,” I said. “Sorry.” 
“Geologist?” Stuart obviously thought this was a huge joke. 
I hated the idea of scumbag Stuart deciding I was an empty-headed bimbo, but it seemed the safest way. The less I had to do with him the better. No way did I want him grilling me for the next twenty-four hours. “Oh, maybe I’ll be a geologist,” I burbled. “Or else an airline hostess. I haven’t decided yet.”
Josh elbowed me in the ribs. “As if.”
Stuart lost interest in me and clicked his fingers at Janice. Irritation flashed across her face as she came to join us. Maybe she didn’t think Stuart was a total legend either.
“We’ll get going in about ten minutes,” Stuart told her. 
Janice nodded. “Okay. Skye, time for your last comfort stop.”
I mumbled something and scuttled out of the room.

Ten minutes later the four of us were standing in the backyard, boots fastened and packs on our backs. Josh and Janice and Stuart looked like beasts of burden under their huge loads. I peered at Stuart’s backpack and wondered where he’d stashed the detonators … sorry, alligators.
Put it out of your head, Skye. It’s nothing to do with you. Don’t get involved.
I looked at the camper van and saw Mum frowning at us through the window. I waved at her and she lifted a hand in response. I wanted her to come out and give me a hug. She didn’t.
I tried hard to feel excited, to ignore the lump of dread at the bottom of my stomach. Any normal person would be excited at going off somewhere new, meeting new people, learning new things. Skye Saunders is not a normal person. She’s a wimp, and her initials stand for Scared Silly.




Chapter 18: Into the Wild


We said goodbye to Terry and Flinders, and headed down towards the level strip running across the grass in front of the house. It looked like a walking track of some kind.
“This is the old rope road,” Josh told me, obviously in tour guide mode. “It was a continuous metal cable that hauled the tubs full of coal from the mine mouth to the top of the Incline.” 
I thought of Archie’s story about the boys riding on the back of the coal tubs. No wonder they were tempted to have a go. The rope road had run past only a few metres from their house. The family must have heard the rattle and bang of the tub wheels all day and all night.
Once on the walkway we turned east and started trekking towards the inland hills. The sun peeked through the clouds occasionally but the wind from the snow-streaked mountains was cold. I was glad of my parka and woollen beanie.
I had to watch where I put my boots. The old double rails of the rope road were still visible in places, half buried in grass and weeds. Rotting sleepers, loose lengths of metal, and coils of rusty-red wire lay beside the path, ready to trip careless feet. 
After fifteen minutes’ hard walking we came to a deep culvert with a rushing creek at the bottom. The rusting, twisted skeleton of the old rope-road bridge barely made it across to the other side. Right next to the remains a sturdy foot bridge had been built, so new that the timber was still fresh and unmarked.
“Who built the new bridge?” I asked. 
“DOC,” Josh told me. “This rope road is a recognised tourist walk. Lots of people trek up to the entrance of the Craghead Mine.”
Twenty minutes later we came to a large derelict building, signposted as the Fan House. Next to it was a big hole in the face of the cliff. 
I stood and stared at the hole. This was the Craghead Mine. This was where Geordie and Archie once worked. Every day they trudged into that hole. Every day the darkness swallowed them for hours and hours, until their shift finished and they marched out into the light again.
The roof of the mine entrance was held up by a curve of mossy brickwork, still looking remarkably solid. Two rails ran out of the minehead and down the slope towards us. There was water running out too, a narrow stream. I was careful not to slip on the wet green rocks as I climbed towards the entrance. 
The mouth of the mine was protected by wire netting nailed to wooden posts. I hooked my fingers through the wire and squinted into the gloom. It was disappointing. A huge pile of rocks blocked the tunnel.
Josh was right behind me. “When the mine was closed they blasted a rock fall at the entrance,” he said. “To stop stupid people going in.”
“So this is the only entrance?” I asked.
Josh grinned. “No. There are smaller access tunnels hidden away in the bush. Only the locals know where they are.”
“Have you been in?” I asked.
Josh looked round to make sure Janice was out of earshot. “Once. A couple of years ago. Don’t tell Mum. She’d have kittens.”
“What was it like? How far in did you go?”
“I was with a mate. We sort of dared each other, but in the end we didn’t go in very deep. We had to crawl. It was pretty scary, actually. We started worrying about fire. The walls of the tunnel were warm to the touch.”
“Fire? What fire?”
“Parts of the mine are still burning. They’ve been burning for decades. It’s impossible to put the fires out. In the old days they just used to block off the tunnels that caught fire and carry on mining in adjoining tunnels. Fire was one of the reasons the mine eventually closed down. It was getting too dangerous.”
“It’s still burning?”
“Yep. A bit further on you’ll see smoke floating up from the hillside. That’s from the underground fires.”
“Did the miners ever get burned?”
Josh nodded. “Ask Archie. He had a couple of mates who got badly burned when they tried to repair a stopping wall that was crumbling. It suddenly gave way. A blast of flame got them head-on. Gruesome.”
“Come on, you two!” Janice called from behind us. “We need to push on.”
Reluctantly I turned my back on the mine entrance. I would have liked more time to think about what lay behind the wire barrier. Archie’s stories had made the mine into a real place for me, not just a historical feature.
I trudged along behind Janice. Stuart was in front, setting a punishing pace. Josh brought up the rear. I guess he wanted to keep an eye on me in case I suddenly keeled over with exhaustion. I vowed that whatever happened, I wouldn’t ask for a rest.
We followed a gentle slope leading up the hill beyond the minehead. Eventually this reached the mouth of a valley with steep rocky walls on both sides. Our pathway led along the top edge of one of the cliffs. 
There was a flash of yellow down on the valley floor, and to my surprise I saw four big earthmoving machines, side by side, facing up the valley. They were silent, lifeless, but that didn’t stop them looking like tanks about to rumble into enemy territory. “What are the bulldozers for?” I asked.
 “The Buller Coal Corporation is about to start cutting an access road into Wero Valley for the new mine,” Janice said. “This is where the road will begin.”
 The machines looked like enormous alien insects. I could almost hear them roaring into life, engines bellowing, their blades and buckets gouging deep wounds in the skin of the earth. 
Janice was gazing at a huge rocky knoll jutting from the other side of the valley. It looked vaguely like a head. You could make out a broken nose and thick lips. It loomed over the earthmoving machines, staring down at them. I noticed Stuart watching Janice closely. Their eyes met and something flashed between them.
I nudged Josh. “What’s that big rocky bit?” I muttered into his ear.
“That’s the Crag,” he said. “It’s what Craghead is named after. Why?”
“Nothing.” My thoughts were racing at top speed and I couldn’t stop them. Stuart had talked about the Crag during his phone call. If it got blown up the resulting landslide would come down right on top of the bulldozers. It would also block the gorge and make life very difficult for anyone wanting to put a road through. 
Oh, God. That’s it. They’re going to blow up the Crag. As well as that other place he mentioned. What was it? Something mountain? No, mound. Something Mound.
I looked back. I actually opened my mouth to tell Josh what I’d heard. Then I shut it again. The less he knew the better. Same for me. Don’t get involved.
My heartbeat pounded in my ears. How I wished I could forget that bloody phone conversation - but I couldn’t. It was slotted into my mind like a damaged DVD, repeating itself over and over.
Burton’s Mound, that was the other place Stuart mentioned. What else did he say? He’d talked about sacks of something that sounded like anfo. What the heck is anfo?
I groaned to myself. It’s not your problem, Skye.
By the time I’d repeated my mantra a hundred times to myself, we’d tramped a long way past the bulldozers. Eventually we reached the head of the gorge. In front of us lay a broad plateau, made up of huge creased sheets of rock, expanses of red-gold tussock grass and scatterings of stunted bushes. 
So much space, so much air. I looked up into the sky and I swear I felt the world turning. It made me feel very small, as insignificant as an ant. My eyes fell to the dark, distant row of mountains, then to the bleak but beautiful landscape spread out in front of me. It looked as if no human had ever set foot on it in centuries. I suddenly realised what Josh and his mates were on about. How could this unspoiled land be turned into an open-cast coal mine? It was beyond belief.
Josh came up behind me and put his hand on my shoulder. “Awesome, isn’t it?” he said. I realised he was doing that cousin thing again – reading my mind.
I nodded.
Stuart had stopped walking to adjust his pack, but set off again at that steady pace that was slightly too fast for me. I longed to ask, “Are we there yet?” but I knew we weren’t even near. It was a three-hour walk and we’d only been going an hour or so.
Janice bent down and pointed to something at knee level. “Skye, see this ribbon?” It was a tattered pink ribbon tied round the stem of a manuka bush. “The track to the camp is marked with pink ribbons. They’re located roughly every twenty metres.”
“But how do you know which direction to go to find the ribbons?” I asked.
“See that mountain up there, the one with the pointy top? That’s Mount Vincent. All the way across this plateau you should be heading directly towards it.” She turned round. “If you’re coming back the other way, look for that humpy outcrop over there with the zigzag-shaped bush on top – it’s visible for a long way across the plateau.” 
Wild horses wouldn’t make me come again, but I nodded politely.
Janice shared round some enormous homemade muesli bars, courtesy of Terry, and we walked on. I soon lost track of time. I concentrated on simply putting one foot in front of the other. Then we came over a rise, and I stopped. “Is that a lake?” I asked.
Stuart turned round and shook his head. “A dam. Lots of them in these hills.”
I tried my bimbo act again. “Really? Why are there dams up here in the middle of nowhere?”
Stuart looked bored. “They provided water for the mining settlements and the machinery. Hydraulic brakes, cranes, pumps, that sort of thing.”
“Oh,” I simpered. “That’s, like, so interesting.”
It looked a lot like a lake, a long thin twisted lake, fringed with reeds. At the end closest to us a thick, man-made earthen wall held the water back. A kind of rocky channel ran down the face of the bank to the creek bed many metres below. That had to be an overflow channel. 
I was hot and tired. I longed to wade into the water and cool my feet. As usual, Josh read my mind. “People had picnics here in the old days. They used to swim in the dam.” 
 “Which way do we go from here?” I asked, looking across the water at Mount Vincent in the distance. Maybe there was a boat to get us across? It wouldn’t be far to row.
“We go the long way round,” Janice said, pointing along the edge.
 We trudged right round the shore of the dam, which turned itself blue and tried to look very much like a lake when the sun decided to shine for a few minutes.
After the dam we still didn’t head directly towards Mount Vincent. There was a gentle bush-covered slope that looked easy to cross, but instead we followed a path that took us round the top of the slope, scrambling across steep gravelly terrain. I skidded sideways at one point and just about fell over. I cursed under my breath.
“Skye,” said Josh from behind me. I looked round to see him pointing at the slope below us. “See the smoke?”
I followed his gaze. Sure enough, there were smears of blue haze floating over the bush. I could even see a thin stream of smoke wavering into the sky between two clumps of long grass not so far away, as if someone had left a lit cigarette there. “That’s why we do this detour,” Josh told me. “The seams of coal underneath are burning. It’s too dangerous to walk across this slope.”
The ground beneath my feet is burning. Secret fires, glowing in the darkness, eating away at the earth. How spooky is that? I shuddered, slipping my hand into my pocket to stroke my touchstone. 
Don’t think about it, Skye. Don’t think about anything. Just walk.
There was another rocky gorge to scramble through, another stream to cross, and then we were tramping over yet another rock and tussock plateau just like the last one. Was this trek ever going to end?
Even worse – what was waiting for me when it did end? Josh wanted me to meet his fellow protesters. Jesus. They could be total basket cases. Nutters. 
You’re pathetic, Skye Saunders. You were so eager to please your new-found cousin, you let yourself in for God knows what. With a silent groan I hitched up my pack and stumbled along the track.


 


Chapter 19: The Camp


Josh noticed Skye starting to slow down and stumble. She’d done well, but she was obviously worn out. Bugger, he thought, we’ve still got half an hour to go. I’d better give her a boost before Stuart notices. He increased his pace and moved up beside her.
“How’re you doing?” he asked.
Skye’s face was drawn. “I swore I wasn’t going to ask this – but how much further?”
“Under thirty minutes,” Josh said. “Want me to distract you? Wake you up? Fill you with vim and vitality?”
“Does that involve poking me from behind with a sharp stick?”
Josh laughed. “No way.” He held out a wrapped lolly. “First of all, have a barley sugar. Instant energy shot. Second, open your eyes. Wide as you can. Blink several times. Look around you. Focus on finding the little things.”
“Sorry?” She rubbed her eyes. 
“Look at the colours,” Josh said. “Red and gold in the tussock, brown and grey in the heath plants, yellow and green in the scrub.” He pointed at the ground as they stepped over a thin trickle of water. “Look at the brilliant greens of the mosses growing in this seepage.” He stepped off the track and bent over. “Are you fond of flowers, madam? Look at these tiny yellow daisies. Bet you had no idea they were here.”
“Well . . . no, I didn’t.” Skye’s voice was still flat.
I’ve got to make her realise how important this place is, Josh thought. How precious it is. Why it’s worth fighting for. “Think small,” he said. “If you look carefully you’ll find grasses, lichens, mosses, ferns, liverworts, wild herbs . . . even orchids. Some of these plants are so rare they haven’t been identified and named yet.”
“Don’t tell me,” Skye said with a wan smile. “You’re going to be the one to do it. You’ll have a liverwort named after you.”
“You bet,” Josh replied. He stopped and pointed at a twisted little bush, about thirty centimetres high. “Look at this one.”
“I’m looking.”
“Have you heard of bonsai?”
“Yeah. Stunted plants.”
“Stunted by humans. The same thing happens here, but growth is stopped by poor soil and harsh climate, not by humans. This pygmy pine is probably a hundred years old.”
“Wow.” 
Josh took Skye’s hand. “Sorry. I’m boring you again. I’d better shut up and try that stick instead.”
Skye squeezed his hand. “No, you’re not boring me. Honestly. It’s just that I’m bushed. And my feet are aching. And there’s a blister on my right heel that’s killing me. I thought this tramp would be easy because of my running, but I was wrong. Must be using different muscles or something.”
Stuart was several metres ahead. He stopped and looked back. “Come on, troops. Pick it up. Keep focused.” 
Janice turned round, hitching up her oversize pack. “You’re doing well, Skye. Only another fifteen minutes,” she said. “Just over this ridge.” A frown crossed her face, and Josh saw she was looking at their linked hands. 
“Sing,” he said to Skye.
“Sing what?”
“Anything. Take your mind off your aches and pains. Old Macdonald had a farm,” Josh chanted. “Ee aye ee aye oh.” 
Skye started singing hesitantly under her breath. A minute later she laughed out loud when Josh sang, “Old Macdonald had a snake . . .” and staggered in circles, pretending something was strangling him. 
Finally they crossed the brow of the hill and found themselves looking over a wide, shallow valley, thickly carpeted with red-gold tussock grass and dotted with bushes. A short distance down the slope sat a huddle of brightly coloured tents and tarpaulins. In the middle of the tents was a big round structure with a pointed roof. As always, Josh felt his heart lift when he saw it. As far as he was concerned, it represented the spirit of the camp. We are here. We are the guardians. “Welcome to Wero Valley,” he said.
“What’s that weird round building?” Skye asked.
Josh grinned. “It’s a Mongolian yurt, donated by a supporter,” he said. “It’s made of canvas panels with a wooden floor. It took eighteen people seven hours to carry the pieces from Craghead.”
“Yo! Anyone on deck?” Stuart bellowed through cupped hands. Four people emerged from the yurt, waved, and walked up the slope towards them.
Skye grabbed hold of Josh’s sleeve. He sensed her panic. “It’s okay. The guy with the rude T-shirt and dreadlocks is Joe,” he told her. “The girl with the Greenpeace T-shirt is Diana, the nerdy one with the specs is Ben, and the woman in the crazy hat is Miriam.”
“I won’t remember,” Skye mumbled. “I’m hopeless with names.”
“No worries. I’ll introduce them again, face to face.” Josh stared at the members of the protest camp, trying to see them through Skye’s eyes. They must look a bit rough and ready to her. Maybe more than a bit. “They’re a great bunch. Totally committed to the cause. You’ll like them when you get to know them,” he said cheerily.
“Yeah,” Skye said in a tiny voice.
“Well met. Just in time for lentil soup,” announced Joe in a German accent. “You brought fresh bread?”
“You bet,” Josh said, shrugging the pack off his back. 
The four trampers dumped their packs on the rocky ground and stretched their shoulder muscles. Stuart crouched and began undoing the flap of his pack. 
“Skye, this is Johannes,” Janice said, “Joe for short.” She put a hand on Skye’s shoulder. “Everyone, this is Skye. She’s Josh’s long-lost cousin. She’s overnighting with us.” 
Skye nodded, not looking directly at anyone.  
Janice pointed to Diana, a chubby young woman with a head of wild black curls and laughing eyes. She looked about eighteen but Josh knew for a fact she was twenty-seven. “Diana is studying environmental law at the University of Canterbury,” Janice said. 
Diana bounced up and shook Skye’s hand with enthusiasm. “Hi there. Long-lost cousin? Sounds intriguing! Tell me more!”
Janice indicated the next person in the group. Josh sighed to himself. Why did Ben insist on wearing that dorkish red, white and blue hand-knitted jumper? He looked like a walking Union Jack. “This is Ben,” Janice said. “He’s doing a PhD on the geology of the Buller coal plateaux.”
Ben nodded, twitching his nose to stop his spectacles slipping down. “Hello, Skye.”
“Skye wants to be a geologist too,” Stuart said, not bothering to hide the amusement in his voice. “You two brainboxes should get on like a house on fire.”
Skye glanced at Ben and looked as though she wanted to sink into the ground.
“And this is Miriam,” Janice said.
“Kia ora,” said the last member of the group in a soft voice, her head down. Bugger, thought Josh. This must be one of Miriam’s off days. What will Skye make of her? Miriam was wearing thick leather sandals, black leggings under a ragged denim skirt, a sagging grey cardigan, and one of those crazy South American knitted hats with ear-flaps. She looked like a bag lady.
 “Welcome to Wero Valley,” Diana said with a big smile. “Skye, you’ll be sleeping in the women’s tent with Janice and Miriam and me. The men are in the yurt. Apologies in advance if I keep you awake. They tell me I snore like a train.”
“Food first,” Janice said. “Skye, you’re exhausted. You need to eat. Then Josh can show you the … ah … facilities.”
Skye tipped her head sideways. “What’s that noise?”
Josh listened. There was a droning noise, a distant roar that came and went on the wind. He was so used to it he barely heard it these days.
Janice scowled. “That’s the sound of an open-cast mine in action. The Dunston Mine is just over that ridge to the north. It operates twenty-four hours a day. I’d like to say you never get used to it, but you do. In the end it fades into the background.”
Skye put her hand in her jeans pocket, and Josh knew she was hanging on to her touchstone. He longed to wrap his arm round her and give her a reassuring hug. 
“Come on.” He led her to the open space in front of the yurt. She studied the furniture grouped around the stone fireplace, old logs and rough planks lashed together with rope to form benches and seats. “This is the Mosh Pit,” Josh said.
“It’s cool,” she said with a small smile.
Diana brought over two bowls of soup and two hunks of bread. “Sit. Eat,” she said, gesturing at a nearby log. Skye and Josh sat and began eating. Josh recognised Miriam’s special flavours in the soup. She always foraged for herbs and small edible plants, adding them to the soup or stew whenever it was her turn to cook. Thank goodness today isn’t Joe’s cooking day, Josh thought. Joe produced soup that looked and tasted like warm dishwater. And his black-rimmed fingernails were enough to put you off your food completely.
After the bread and soup, Diana carefully distributed four pieces of chocolate and half an apple to each person. “You’re an angel,” she said to Janice. “It’s a fortnight since we doled out the last lot of chocolate.” She grinned at Josh. “Vege Man here always forgets to bring us chocolate.”
“Sorry,” said Josh through a mouthful of bread. “I did remember the peanut butter this time.”
Diana came over and plonked herself down beside Skye. “Where do you live, Skye?”
“Auckland,” Skye said.
“And you’re Josh’s long-lost cousin?”
“Yes.” Skye looked at Josh for help.
“Our mothers quarrelled when they were young,” Josh told Diana. “Neither of us knew about the other until just recently.”
“Fabulous,” Diana said. “Just like in a novel.”
 Skye smiled stiffly at Diana. “Um . . . how long have you been living at the camp?”
“Let’s see … twelve days so far. I’ve got another week to go.”
“Is this your first time here?”
“God, no,” Diana laughed. “This is my fourth stint in the valley. Can’t keep away from the place. I must be mad.”
“What about the others? How long have they been here?”
Josh spoke up. “Joe more or less lives here full time. Ben’s like Diana, he comes during the university breaks. Miriam…” He shrugged. 
Diana lowered her voice. “Miriam just appeared out of the blue a few weeks ago. On her own. Said something about her whanau sending her. Seems she’s interested in saving animals.”
“And Stuart?” Skye asked.
Diana rolled her eyes. “Oh, boss man Stuart’s a law unto himself. He shows up whenever it suits him. He’s been involved in the camp longer than anyone except Janice and Josh.”
Miriam appeared and reached for the empty bowls. “I’ll wash them,” Skye said, jumping up. “Tell me where to go.”
Miriam shook her head. She picked up the bowls and headed back to the big kitchen tent. 
Skye looked embarrassed. “Sorry...”
“Don’t worry. You don’t do the dishes for your first meal here,” Diana said. “Camp rules.”
“Uh ... do you actually cook on this fireplace?” Skye asked, looking at the circle of blackened stones.
Diana and Josh exchanged wry glances. “Not much,” Diana said. “We had two whole days of heart-searching, arguing the pros and cons of using fossil fuel for cooking. The consensus was that during the summer we’ll use a natural gas cooker because of the fire risk, but I’m afraid the gas cooker gets used most of the time now because it’s so much easier.”
Stuart, who’d been talking with Joe on the other side of the Mosh Pit, stood up and cleared his throat. “Josh, how about you show Skye round the camp? Maybe take her to some of your ecological sample sites? An hour should do it. ” He looked round the group. “Everyone else, into the yurt.” It was a command, not a request. 
Josh’s heart sank. They were treating him like a bloody kid again. Skye would think he was totally useless. “You’re going to talk about the protest action, aren’t you?” he blurted.
Janice drew in her breath with a hiss. Stuart glanced at Skye, then fixed Josh with a blue stare. “We’re going to talk about private camp business. Right now, it’s up to you to look after your guest.” 
Josh wanted to sink into the ground. His bloody big mouth. What a dickhead. Of course Stuart wouldn’t want an outsider like Skye knowing about the protest action. Luckily Skye was fiddling with the sleeve of her parka and seemed to have missed the exchange of words. 
“Let’s go,” he muttered. “We’ve been given our marching orders.”




Chapter 20: The River


Still smarting from Stuart’s curtness, Josh led Skye along a path to the other side of the yurt. She paused and stared up at the roof of the building. “What’s that?”
“Cellphone aerial.”
“Really? So you have coverage here?”
 “All mod cons,” Josh said grumpily. Then his conscience pricked him and he added, “Everthing’s thanks to Stuart. He’s a genius handyman. He even installed solar panels for recharging our mobiles and batteries.”
“Goodness, what would you do without him?”
Josh sighed. “Yeah. He can get bossy at times, though. He’s a bit of a control freak.”
“What does he do? I mean, how does he make a living if he’s at the protest camp half the time?”
“He’s an engineer. He bummed around the world in his twenties, then he set up an electrical engineering business in Brisbane. He says it works far better without him on the premises every day.”
“So he’s like a professional protester.” Skye was silent for a few seconds. “Can anyone just bowl up and join your group? Stuart, for instance. Did anyone check him out when he joined? What if he’s an undercover police spy or something?”
Josh frowned. What was she on about? “Janice and I did look him up on the internet. We found him on Facebook and LinkedIn. He’s totally into saving the environment. We also tracked down a website for his engineering firm. Everything looked kosher. There were even annual reports and stuff.” He stopped walking and turned round, staring down at Skye. “Why are you asking?”
Skye’s gaze slid away from his. “Just curious about how things work here. What about Miriam? She’s, like, a bit strange. Diana said she just wandered in one day . . .”
Josh felt a stab of anxiety. Why was Skye being so critical all of a sudden? Asking all these questions. It was almost as if she was hiding something. “Oh, Miriam. She looks like the Wicked Witch of the West but she handed over a letter from the top guy in her whanau. We Googled them too. Everything checked out.”
“Okay.” 
He led the way along the shingle-covered track to a square tent the size and shape of a phone booth. “No need to tell you what this is. Biodegradable toilet paper only.”
“Well, of course,” said Skye.
He headed along another track through the scrub to the shower, a complicated contraption of plastic containers and hoses. “It’s solar heated. We carry the water up from the river by hand if there hasn’t been any rain. In summer we mostly swim in the river and conserve the water for cooking.”
They wandered past a storage tent for boots and backpacks, and peered into a plastic sheeting and tarpaulin construction called the Garage, which sheltered a pile of wood and a collection of tools. 
“Everything is so . . . tidy,” Skye commented. “So organised. I thought it would be more – I don’t know . . . primitive?”
Josh grimaced. “It was disgustingly primitive at the beginning. We learned the hard way. The first few weeks were the worst. You wouldn’t believe how heavy the rain can be up here. Our tents leaked, our gear got soaked. Then Stu arrived and organised a system of trenches and drains so the water didn’t run through the middle of our tents.” 
“Good old Stuart,” Skye said. This time the sharp edge in her voice was unmistakable.
Josh looked at her, puzzled. “Honestly, we couldn’t manage without him. Whenever we have a problem he comes up with a practical way to fix it. He even found the yurt for sale on the internet and organised a donor to buy it for us.”
Skye put her hands up. “Okay, okay, he’s Superman. I’ll take your word for it.”
 Josh looked at his watch. “It’ll take about fifteen minutes from here to the nearest pavement where I’m gathering specimens,” he said. “On the other hand, it’s only five minutes’ walk to the river.”
“The river,” Skye groaned. “My feet feel twice their usual size.”
Josh’s heart swelled as they emerged from the track on to a sandy bank. The river was as beautiful as ever. Surely Skye would fall under its spell. Tea-dark water rushed through a rocky gorge into a wide, slow-moving pool surrounded by boulders and thick bush. Pebbles glimmered at the bottom of the pool, tinted pink, red and brown by the manuka-stained water. “This is where we swim,” Josh said. “It’s my favourite place in the whole world.”
Skye slowly turned in a circle. “It’s awesome.” She breathed deeply. “Even the air tastes clean.”
Josh watched her. Yes, she was feeling the magic. Now at last she’d understand why this place was so precious.
“Can we sit down?” Skye asked. “I need to soak my feet.” 
They took their boots off and sat side by side on a rock with their feet dangling in the water. The rock was warm but the water was freezing. “My feet have gone completely numb,” Skye said. “It’s fantastic. I can’t feel any pain.”
They both started when a noise like thunder suddenly broke over their heads and rolled round the valley. “What’s that?” Skye cried, grabbing Josh’s arm. “Is it a bomb?”
“Almost,” Josh said. “That’s another explosion going off in Mordor. The Dunston Mine to you. They use explosives to blast the coal loose.”
Skye shivered. “Are we safe here?”
“The explosions are actually several kilometres away.” Josh scowled at the sky. “They send a helicopter over to spy on us every day or so, but they haven’t started dropping bombs on us yet.”
They sat in silence. The explosion had stopped the birds singing. Even the burble of the river seemed more subdued. A minute passed and the world slowly resumed its natural state. 
“If a mine is established in Wero Valley, what will happen to this river?” Skye asked, watching an enormous dragonfly hovering over the surface of the pool. Its wings glinted with the colours of the rainbow.
“It’ll be polluted by acid runoff from the mine,” Josh told her. “All the wildlife, the freshwater fish and the koura – the crawlies – and the insects and the water plants, they’ll all die. The water will turn toxic. The whole river, right down to the coast, will be poisoned. That’s what happened to the river running next to the Dunston.”
“That’s . . . awful. Frightening...” Skye sounded as if she couldn’t find the right words.
Josh picked up her hand and squeezed it. He felt a rush of warmth, an urge to pull her close and keep her from harm. A word shot into his head – cherish. He wanted to cherish her.
“Skye,” he said in a choked voice. “I really like you. A lot. It’s like … I dunno … like there’s a special bond between us. More than just being cousins, I mean.” He felt his face going red. “Sorry. That sounds stupid. I don’t know how to say it.”
“It’s okay,” Skye mumbled.
There was a silence. “Do you have a boyfriend?” Josh asked.
Skye shook her head. “No. Nobody’s been interested.” She gave a wobbly laugh. “Guys don’t want to go out with someone who looks like a famine victim. They want someone with curves in the right places.”
“Don’t be silly,” Josh said. “You’re just … delicate.” The blood rushed into his cheeks again. “Perfect,” he said under his breath.
Skye looked down at the water. “I’m not perfect,” she said in a small voice. “A long way from it. Mum tells me that often enough.”
“Don’t listen to her,” Josh said. 
“But she’s right. You don’t really know me. There’s heaps of things you don’t know about me.”
“Like what?”
“Uh . . .” She bit her lip. “I’m a coward. A wimp. I try to keep other people happy all the time which is stupid because I can’t possibly, and then something goes wrong and nobody’s happy,” she said in a rush.
Josh squeezed her hand. The pain in her voice tore at his heart. “You’ve got to stop worrying about what other people think about you. Just do what you want.”
“I can’t. I’ve been like this for as long as I can remember. I get scared and the most important thing in the world is to make people like me.”
Josh sighed to himself. This conversation wasn’t really what he wanted - but Skye needed him. Something told him she’d never confided like this to anyone else. 
“I want you to like me,” she went on. “And Terry and Janice and Archie. It’s so hard. Everyone expects different things from me.”
“So that’s why you agreed to come to the camp,” Josh said, suddenly realising. “Not because you really wanted to come. Because you wanted to make me happy.” 
Skye nodded miserably. “Sorry. I hate meeting new people.”
Josh took a deep breath. “I would have still liked you even if you’d refused to come to the camp. Honestly. You’re a decent person, Skye. You’re kind and thoughtful and honest and smart. I really, really like you.” He let his breath out with a whoosh. “How’s that?”
Skye’s lips twitched. “Okay, I guess. You’re not just saying that because I’m your long-lost cousin?”
“Of course I’m saying it because you’re my cousin! But it’s more than that. It’s what I said before. There’s a special bond between us. I don’t know what it is, but it’s there.”
“I feel it too,” Skye said. She looked down at their linked hands. Then she laughed. “Mum would go berserk if she could see us,” she said.
“And that’s another thing,” Josh said sternly. “Tell your mother to take a running jump. She bosses you round the whole time. You’ve got to stand up to her.” 
“She gets so angry with me,” Skye muttered.
“It’s your duty as a teenager to make her angry,” Josh said. “At least once a day.”
Skye smiled. “I’ll try.”
Reluctantly Josh let go her hand. Skye had confided in him. She’d trusted him with her darkest secrets. It made him feel warm inside. Then he realised something else. “Guess what? I’m starving,” he said. “Wonder what Miriam’s making for dinner?”




Chapter 21: Clues


I was hardly aware of my aching muscles as we walked back to camp. Thoughts were buzzing round my head. Oh, my God. Josh likes me. He said so. 
Does he more than like me? Don’t be silly, Skye. You’re imagining things. 
Josh is cute, that’s for sure. He’s like a half-grown puppy, with his long legs and his shaggy hair and his tendency to bounce all over the place. He smells good, too, sort of clean and fresh like the mountain air. 
I did kind of enjoy holding hands with him - but that’s enough. I like him. I want to share smiles with him, tell him my secrets, enjoy a friendship. Nothing more than that. 
Why do things have to be so complicated? If only I could talk to Mandy. 
I put my hand in my pocket and touched my mobile. Maybe I should try calling her? No, it’d be pointless. She’s far more interested in Damien. I felt for my touchstone and squeezed it so hard it’s a wonder it didn’t shatter into a thousand pieces. 
When we got back to the camp the others had finished their secret meeting. Joe was sitting on a log in the Mosh Pit, strumming softly on a guitar. He was playing a medley of old pop songs, some of which I recognised. Ben was scribbling in a notebook. Diana had a laptop open on her knee and was typing furiously. Miriam was pottering about in the kitchen tent.
Stuart stuck his head out through the yurt doorway. “Yo, Josh!”
Josh sent me a smile, then disappeared into the yurt. His master calls, I thought. And that’s another problem. Stuart is a scumbag, but Josh thinks he’s Superman.
I found Janice in the women’s tent preparing a bed for me, a thin rubber mat with a sleeping bag on top. I didn’t want to hang round looking useless, so I walked over to the kitchen tent. “Is there anything I can do to help?” I asked Miriam.
She handed me a potato and a peeler. The knitted cords on her hat swung across her neck as she bent to pour some water into a bowl. 
In some strange way, her silence calmed me. How could she be so totally self-contained? There had to be more to her than the bag lady exterior. “Um . . . Diana said you’re interested in . . . uh . . . animal conservation?” I said hopefully.
Miriam turned and looked me in the face for several seconds. Her brown eyes were almost black, like deep holes in a river. Her face was creased with lines, but I suspected she wasn’t as old as she looked. She smiled at me, showing a gap in her front teeth. Eventually she nodded and said, “My grandfather read about the snails in the newspaper. He told the whanau someone from the tangata whenua should be here. He’s into all the old stories. He said Papatuanuku needs guardians. The whanau decided I should become a guardian.”
“Papatuanuku?”
“The earth mother.”
“Oh. Yes.” I’d read a book of Maori legends a few years ago for an English assignment.
Miriam took the peeled potato out of my hand. “You feel like meeting some of the locals?”
I gulped. Locals? What was I letting myself in for? “Okay.”
“Come.” She led me along a path that snaked between two clumps of manuka, studying the ground and the low foliage. “We might see matata,” she said. “Fernbirds to you. Sometimes I spot them creeping round in the bushes here.”
She stopped. “Look,” she whispered, pointing at a mossy rock. My eyes focused and I saw not a bird, but a tiny jewel-green gecko poised motionless on top of the rock with its tail coiled on its back. I held my breath. A second later it was gone.
“Tread softly,” Miriam said. “They’re all around us – spiders, dragonflies, beetles, grasshoppers, weta, snails. Frogs and lizards, too.”
I remembered Josh’s advice to look out for the small things. “Josh said there are heaps of birds here?”
“Too right. Kaka, kakariki, tui, ruru, kiwi, korimako – that’s the bellbird, miromiro – that’s the tomtit, and toutouwai, the little robin.”
“Wow. So many.”
 “Here we are,” Miriam said, plumping herself down on a rock overlooking a little gully. “Keep still.” 
After a couple of minutes there was a rustling in the grass and a brown head with a long pointed beak popped out. A beady eye regarded us. The bird emerged from the grass, followed by another one the same size – and much to my delight, two fluffy chicks suddenly darted out. 
 The weka family wandered round our feet, pecking at the ground and pretending we weren’t there, but occasionally a bright eye glanced up at us. The chicks followed close behind their parents, rushing in to peck wherever the adult birds foraged. “That’s Tahi, Rua, Toru and Wha,” Miriam says. “They like strolling through the camp to see what they can pinch. If we leave any food out – woosh, it’s gone a few hours later.”
Eventually the weka decided we weren’t going to feed them and wandered away into the bush. Miriam seemed in no hurry to go back to the camp so we sat in silence, enjoying the spring warmth of the sun and the crisp smell of the bush.
It was Miriam who broke the silence. “This plan,” she said in a creaky voice, shaking her head. “This protest – it doesn’t sound right to me. What do you reckon? I wish I could talk to my koro about it. My ruddy mobile’s on the blink.”
I froze. Oh, God. Miriam obviously thought I was a paid-up member of the Taskforce and knew all about their plans. What was I going to say? “Umm . . . sounds a bit over the top to me,” I ventured.
“They sent me here to save things,” Miriam said, fiddling with the tassels on her hat. “Not wreck them. They got me off the street and cleaned me up and told me to come here and save the valley.”
 So she really was a bag lady, but she seemed to know what was going on . I couldn’t pass up this chance to talk about the explosions. “Um . . . it’s going to be at the Crag, isn’t it?” 
“Yeah, that’s the plan.” Miriam stared at the ground. “It’s just not right. I’m not meant to let things die.”
“And what about the other site?” I said tentatively. “At Burton’s Mound?”
Miriam looked up, her forehead wrinkling. “What other one? Burton’s Mound – where’s that?”
 I shrivelled inside. “Oh, sorry, I must have got that wrong. I thought there were going to be two . . . you know. Explosions.”
Miriam frowned. “No way. Just one. Blow up the Crag and wreck the bulldozers. Mr Smarty-pants Stuart’s got it all worked out.”
“Oh. Okay. Sorry.” I jumped up. “I’d better get back,” I gabbled. “Josh will be wondering where I am. Thank you for showing me the weka. They’re amazing.” I blundered through the bush, heading towards a flash of blue tarpaulin a hundred metres away. 
I must be going crazy. I definitely heard Stuart talk about two explosion sites, the Crag and the Mound. He mentioned two helicopter drops, B and C. Yet Miriam only knew about the one at the Crag. What else had Stuart said? One drop was different. It involved dummies. Dummy explosives. That meant there wouldn’t be a real explosion - but which site was the real one and which one was pretend? Stuart was definitely up to something dodgy, but I didn’t know what. 
My head was aching. I rubbed my forehead. This was a nightmare. Things just kept getting worse. If only I hadn’t agreed to come to the camp. If only I hadn’t told Mum I wanted to visit Craghead. If only I hadn’t read that letter from Terry. I longed to be back home, lying on my bed, counting the spots on the ceiling, texting Mandy. Anything would be better than this mess.
I tried to recite my mantra. Forget it, Skye. It’s not your problem. Don’t get involved. It’s nothing to do with you.
But my thought processes wouldn’t turn off.




Chapter 22: Bombshell


Anyone else would have said to hell with it and enjoyed the rest of the day at the camp. Dinner was a delicious-looking chunky potato mash with stir-fried vegetables and satay sauce, but I could only eat two mouthfuls and they tasted like cardboard. Joe lit a fire in the Mosh Pit and everyone sat round and watched the flames dancing while the misty sun set over the hills. 
It got very cold. I was wearing my thick jacket and beanie, but I was chilled to the bone. There was a frozen block inside me that wouldn’t melt. It was fear. I don’t want to be here, I thought. This is not my life. These are not my friends. It’s like I’m trapped in a horror movie. Something bad’s going to happen and I don’t know how to stop it. 
Joe strummed his guitar and everyone sang. “I’m going to play like Joe one day,” Josh whispered in my ear. “He’s teaching me. I’m going to write songs, too. Songs about saving the world.” He slid his arm round my shoulders and gave me a squeeze. “I want to write a song about you, Skye.” 
“Good luck!” I glanced up and saw Janice staring at us from the other side of the fireplace. She looked angry. No, more like horrified. My heart sank into my boots. Now what? 
Janice got to her feet. “Skye,” she said, “Come into the sleeping tent for a minute, will you? There’s something I want to show you.”
 Reluctantly I stood up and followed her to the women’s tent. She scrabbled in her sleeping bag and switched on a torch. I hovered at the entrance to the tent. “What is it?” I asked.
“Nothing. I want to talk to you in private.” She patted her sleeping bag. “Sit down.”
The last thing I wanted was a close encounter with Janice. I sank down, wriggling as far away as I could.
 “Skye, Josh is like my son. I’ve known him most of his life. I don’t want to see him hurt.”
I was astonished. “What? I’m not hurting him!”
Shadows cut sharp clefts into her face. “I saw him hugging you. Sorry, I have to ask this. Are you getting . . . fond of each other? Are you starting some kind of relationship?” 
The blood rushed to my cheeks. “No!” I dragged an atom of courage up from somewhere. “Anyway, it’s not your business, is it?”
Janice sighed, but it was close to being a groan. “I wish you were right. Look, Josh isn’t the only one who could get hurt, Skye. Both of you . . . there are things you don’t know.”
“What things?”
Janice threw her hands up. “Family stuff. I’m not allowed to tell you.” 
Tears of frustration stung my eyes. “Josh and I are friends. We’re not doing anything wrong.”
“Okay. I believe you - but you must talk to your mother. As soon as you get back.” 
“Why? She never wants to talk to me.” 
Unexpectedly, Janice reached for my hand and squeezed it. “I’m not cut out for this. It’s bad enough worrying about Josh, now there’s you to worry about as well.” She let go my hand. “Just promise me you’ll talk to your mother as soon as possible.”
“Okay.” 
“Go back to the singalong, Skye. Enjoy yourself while you can.” She sounded very sad.
My stomach was still in knots when I rejoined the group and settled on the log next to Josh. He put his arm round my shoulders again but I wriggled uncomfortably till he took it away. I desperately needed to be on my own. There was so much bad stuff going round and round in my head that it ached even worse than before.
I was glad when everyone started yawning and stretching. I probably wouldn’t sleep a wink on that hard rubber mat, but at least nobody would be having a go at me for the next eight hours. I could just lie there and try to make sense of the questions tumbling round in my head.
Strangely enough, I fell asleep straight away and slept solidly all night.

Josh was bubbling with happiness on our tramp back to Craghead the next morning. We were on our own. Stuart and Janice had stayed at the camp. During our goodbyes, Janice had fixed me with a stern eye and said, “Remember what I told you last night.”
“Yes,” I muttered.
I plodded through the tussock, concentrating on putting one foot in front of the other, hitching up my backpack full of non-biodegradable rubbish. Josh bounced all over the place, leaping over streamlets and picking tiny flowers for me to admire. He reminded me of Flinders.
I smiled till my cheeks ached but I couldn’t match his mood. 
“What’s the matter?” he asked eventually, standing in front of me and putting his arms out sideways so I couldn’t walk past him. “You look sad.”
I swallowed. I didn’t know what was wrong. I just felt in my guts that something bad was going to happen when we got back to the house. And it was going to be followed by lots of other bad things. “Sorry. I’m tired,” I lied. “I didn’t get much sleep last night.”
His forehead wrinkled in sympathy. “Bummer. It takes a while to get used to sleeping on the ground. Do you want a rest?”
“No. Let’s keep going.” I just wanted to get it over and done with.
An hour and a half later we’d skirted the burning slope and the dam and were tramping along the edge of the gorge where the bulldozers were parked. I felt sick as I looked down at them, then up at the grim profile of the Crag overshadowing them. 
Were the protesters really going to blow it up? It seemed impossible, ridiculous, like something in a B-grade movie. I squeezed the petrified stone in my pocket, trying to draw comfort from its warmth. It felt like the one solid thing in my life.
The Crag or Burton’s Mound? Miriam had talked only about the Crag, but if Stuart was playing sneaky games, then the Crag had to be his decoy site. The real event was going to be at Burton’s Mound, wherever that was. 
Miriam and the other protesters knew nothing about Burton’s Mound. What I couldn’t work out was – why the false information? What would Stuart achieve by double-crossing his band of loyal followers?
Maybe I should ask Josh where Burton’s Mound is - but then he’d want to know why. And I’d have to lie because I’m not ready to tell him about my half-baked suspicions. 
I didn’t ask.
We finally got back to the house, and sank onto the back doorstep to take off our gear. Flinders licked our faces and whined with happiness. We walked down the hallway and found Terry and Mum sitting at the kitchen table. Terry’s eyes were swollen and red. She was holding a cup of tea with shaking hands. Mum was chalk-white and still as a statue, her hands spread flat on the table top. She was doing her Ice Queen act. “Skye,” she said. 
“Mum,” I replied.
Amazingly, Josh didn’t pick up on the vibes straight away. “We’re back! When’s lunch?” he said. “I’m starving.”
“Sit down, Josh,” Terry said.
Josh’s eyes swung from his mother to his aunt. He stiffened as he realised something was wrong. “Mum? What’s the matter? Is Archie okay?”
“Archie’s fine,” Terry said. “Just sit down, will you? Edie and I have something important to say.”
I slid onto a chair at the table, all my nerve-ends screaming at me to run. Block your ears, don’t listen, escape. I was just about to hear the big family secret that had driven me nuts for so many years – and now I didn’t want to hear it. 
“I understand you two have developed some kind of … relationship,” Mum said flatly. “Janice saw you hugging at the camp.”
Josh glared at her, flushing a deep red. “So what? We’re cousins. Friends. It’s not against any law to hug each other.”
Terry looked haggard, as if she’d aged ten years in one day. “Josh, you and Skye are not just cousins. You’re also . . . half-brother and sister.”
There was a roaring in my ears. I couldn’t speak. Black dots danced in front of my eyes. Half-brother and sister. Did she really say that? Maybe I heard wrong? I stared at my mother’s frozen face. “Mum?”
Her lips hardly moved. “I’m sorry, Skye.”
Josh jumped up, crashing his chair against the wall. “It’s not true. You’re lying. Both of you. You’re just saying that to … to split us up. You hate each other and you don’t want us to be friends.” His eyes were wild. “Why can’t you leave us alone? We’re not hurting anyone!” He grabbed handfuls of his hair as if he wanted to rip it out. “You make me sick! The pair of you.” 
“They’re not lies, Josh,” Terry said in a shaky voice. “You and Skye have the same father. Leo Saunders.”
“It’s impossible,” Josh blurted.
A single tear rolled down Mum’s cheek. “No, not impossible. Unbelievable, disgraceful, but not impossible.”
Terry drew in a deep, ragged breath. “Josh, I’m so sorry.” 
Josh glared at her. Then he glanced at me, his face twisted with anger as he worked it out. “Skye is four months older than me. You must have had sex with your brother-in-law while your sister was pregnant…”
“Josh…” Terry said, holding out both hands to him.
“I never cared that you’re gay. I even got used to the idea that I’d never know my father. I believed you when you said he was just a friend. This … it’s too much. It’s . . . sick.” He swallowed hard. “I can’t stay here. I’m going back to the camp.” He pushed himself away from the table and stumbled to the door.
“No, Josh!” his mother cried.
But it was too late. He’d gone. Flinders barked once in the backyard, then started yelping as if his heart was broken. I wondered if Josh had kicked him.
Both women looked at me. I dropped my eyes to the table. I made myself not feel anything. I am cold. I am still. I am the Ice Princess. 
“Skye, are you all right?” Mum asked.
That’s such a stupid question. “Yes,” I said.
She frowned at me. I made sure all she could see was a layer of ice. “Do you understand what we’ve just told you?” she asked.
“I understand that Josh is my half-brother. That’s all, isn’t it?”
Mum sighed. “Not quite all. You’d better hear the rest. Your father didn’t go to Vanuatu when you were two years old. That’s just a story I made up. He went before you were born. When Terry’s pregnancy became obvious and everyone worked out what she and Leo had done.”
Terry sniffed and bent her head.
“I didn’t want you to know,” Mum went on. “If I kept you and Josh apart nobody would ever know and it wouldn’t matter.” Her lips twitched. “Believe it or not, I was looking after you. I wanted you to think your father was a good person. ”
Terry looked up. “He was,” she whispered. “A good man, I mean. He never meant to hurt anyone.”
Mum made a noise deep in her throat. “He was a Peter Pan. He liked making people laugh with his tricks and his music. I was young and silly. I fell under his spell. I didn’t even care that he was spaced out on pot half the time.” She glared at Terry. “He must have been a pushover for you.” 
Terry’s eyes filled with tears. “I was a mess. All mixed up. I had a whole heap of stupid reasons that sounded perfectly logical at the time.”
“I don’t want to hear them,” Mum retorted. “Nothing can excuse what you did.”
I couldn’t stand it any longer. “I’m not going to listen to any more of this,” I said, pushing myself up. “This is between you two. I’m going to talk to Archie.”
Terry looked dazed. “Oh … yes. Archie. What’s the time? He’ll be expecting lunch soon.” She pushed herself up. “You go in to him, Skye. I’ll bring some sandwiches for both of you.”
There was one more thing to be said. “Will Josh be okay?” I asked.
Terry rubbed the tear stains off her cheeks. “I think so. He knows the route to the camp like the back of his hand. I’ll phone Janice and ask her to keep an eye out for him.” She sighed. “He’s better off there than here.”




Chapter 23: Bad Times


I tramped into Archie’s room and surprised him peering at himself in a hand mirror. “Caught me, eh?” he wheezed. “Vanity, all is vanity. Who said that? Never mind. Cancer certainly doesn’t improve the complexion.” He took a second look at me and dropped the mirror. “What’s the matter, lass? I know they’re a bunch of no-hopers, but surely the camp wasn’t that bad?” 
I parked myself in the chair by his bed. I felt as if I’d been away for a week, not just one night. “Mum and Terry have just told Josh and me that we’re half-brother and sister.”
Archie let out a long, wavering whistle. “I see. The big secret’s out at last. About time. I hoped something like this would happen when you came to Craghead. Secrets are poisonous bloody things. Nobody knows that better than me.”
“You knew about Josh and me, didn’t you?”
“Of course. I know everything.” 
My chest ached. “I wish you’d told us.”
“It wasn’t my secret to tell. Those two pig-headed sisters had to do it themselves. It’s like lancing an abscess. The poison seeps out and the healing starts.”
My eyes prickled. “Josh and I … we were … getting to know each other. And now he’s run away. I think he hates me.” I leaned my forehead on the edge of Archie’s bed and let the ice melt and the tears flow. “What if I never see him again?”
Archie cleared his throat and patted my head. “The truth often hurts, bonny lass. You’ll feel better when everything’s settled down again.”
“But Josh…” 
“He doesn’t hate you, Skye. Believe me. Where’s he run to?”
“Back to the camp in Wero Valley.” 
“Well, that’s no bad thing. He can get over it in his own time without his mother hanging round his neck like a wounded albatross. Dinna fash yourself, he’ll be back.”
I sniffed, dug in my pocket for a handkerchief, realised I didn’t have one. “He won’t want to see me ever again.”
“Have a tissue,” Archie said. “Have the whole ruddy box.”
I felt a bit better after I’d had a big blow.
Archie peered at me from under his brows. “Why won’t he want to see you?”
“The way he looked at me before he ran out the door … like I’m a monster.”
“That was shock, pure and simple. Maybe he’s been having wee daydreams about you. A pretty little cousin turning up on his doorstep. And then he learns you’re his sister. You’re strictly off limits now. He’ll be all topsy-turvy. He needs time to sort himself out.”
“Me too,” I sniffed. 
“Skye, look on the bright side. You’ve gained a brother.” His voice was urgent. “I can tell you that’s very, very precious.”
I nodded.
“Feeling a wee bit better now?”
“Yes, I think.”
He shut his eyes. “Wish I could say the same.”
I looked at him in alarm. “Are you okay? Shall I get Terry?”
His eyes flicked open. “No, no. It’s what’s in here.” He tapped his chest, over his heart. “Nothing Terry can do about what I’ve carried in here for the last eighty-odd years.”
“Tell me about it.”
He grinned wryly and said, “Don’t worry. None of my secrets affect you or Josh directly. No more nasty upsets for you young ‘uns.” He peered at me. “Sure you want to hear this right now?”
“Might as well. I don’t want to think about that other stuff. It’s too weird.” 
He lay back on his pillow and stared at the ceiling. A few minutes passed in silence. Terry crept into the room and handed me a plate of sandwiches, then slipped out again. I was hardly aware of her. “Archie?” I said eventually. 
He sighed. “I’m doing the right thing. Still, it’s going to be awfully hard, saying the words aloud after all this time.”
I sensed that he needed a helping hand. “Tell me. Any truth has to be better than a pack of lies.”
 “Aye. Well, you should know, lass. Here goes. You’ve figured out by now that Iris loved Geordie and I loved Iris. As for Geordie, I reckon he did love Iris in his own way. He was a moody brute, impossible to live with when the black dog was sitting on his chest. Iris was the only one who could coax a smile out of him when he was leaning on the bar drowning his sorrows.
“Mind you, he wasn’t the only bloke with problems. The country was in the grip of the Depression by that time, and we folk in Craghead were hit harder than most. Some families were starving. There wasn’t enough work for the miners, so there wasn’t enough pay coming in each fortnight, so there wasn’t enough food on the tables.” 
He frowned at me. “Young folk like you simply can’t understand what the years of the Depression were like. It was so bad that men used to cut armholes in sugar bags and wear them as rain capes while they tramped the roads looking for work.
“The demand for coal fell off as factories closed all over the country. Work in the mine was only available a few days each week. Geordie and I sat round twiddling our thumbs while the mines sat empty.
“Every morning we’d get up and look for the ‘No Work Today’ flag flying over the company office. If we saw it we’d go back to bed for another forty winks. We worked on and off, no more than six shifts in a fortnight.
“Mam could only afford to buy a loaf of bread every second day. Sometimes she had to send our little sisters to school with no lunch, knowing they’d beg sandwiches from classmates whose families were better off.”
The mouthful of sandwich in my mouth felt as dry as sawdust. My throat hurt when I swallowed the lump. 
“The Craghead Relief Committee set up a soup kitchen,” Archie continued. “It broke Mam’s heart to be seen queuing outside the soup kitchen but it was the only way to feed the five of us. 
“Geordie and I did our best. Sometimes we borrowed a gun and wandered the mountains, hunting rabbits and birds. Wood pigeons were our favourites, they had the most meat on them. We set traps for eels in the creeks. We walked down to the coast to fish from the beach. Sometimes we hitched a ride to Westport and stood in queues looking for casual day work, but there was none.”
Archie shook his head sadly. “Mam started rationing our fires because the company put up the price of coal. Can you believe it? In the middle of a bitter winter, with families starving and tons of coal sitting in the bins, the company directors raised the cost of a truckload of coal from three shillings to one pound.
“Geordie and I became thieves. We crept out at night-time, sacks over our shoulders. We wandered the rope roads, scavenging for coal fallen from the tubs, scooping up handfuls of slack. We clambered down the Incline and kicked our way through the bush beside the rails, hunting for lumps of coal that had jumped from the wagons. As far as the mining company was concerned, that spilled coal was their property and if anyone had seen us nicking it we’d have been arrested.”
He paused to take a sip of water. I thought of the loose coal chips I’d seen while walking the rope road track. Imagine getting arrested just for picking it up. I shivered.
“Geordie’s response to the Depression was to get angry,” Archie went on. “He grew even more moody and short-tempered. He cursed the mine manager, the mining company, the Relief Boards, the government. He cursed everyone.
“How Iris put up with his ranting I honestly don’t know, but she loved him just as fiercely as ever. And as I watched her watching him, my heart shrivelled in my chest. I couldn’t stop myself loving Iris, even though I knew she’d never feel the same about me.”
Archie’s head fell back on the pillow. 
“Do you need anything?” I asked him. “More water? A sandwich?”
“Look in the big chest at the end of the bed,” he wheezed. “Right at the bottom. There’s a bottle of whisky. A shot of that would do wonders.”
I found the whisky and poured a little into a glass. 
“Thanks, girlie,” he said after swallowing a mouthful. “The hardest part is coming up. I need some fortification.”
“You look very tired. Do you need a rest?”
“No. Better get it over with.” He drained the glass and waved it in the air. “Here’s to the healing powers of confession.”
I took the glass from him before he dropped it. What on earth was I about to hear? Could it possibly be any worse than what I’d just learned from Mum and Terry?
“Iris’s father realised how close the two of them were. He must have caught them together in some dark corner. He never wanted Iris to marry a miner – he wanted a better class of husband for her. So he banned Geordie from the Star and Thistle. Geordie didn’t have to give up his grog – there were plenty of other pubs in town, but it meant he and Iris had trouble arranging their trysts.”
Archie stopped talking and shut his eyes. I waited for about ten seconds, then said, “Archie?”
His eyes flicked open, and I saw tears glistening on his cheeks.
“Are you sure you want to do this?” I asked.
He nodded. “Now or never.” He took a wavering breath. 
“I became a go-between for Geordie and Iris, carrying messages. It hurt me badly, but something made me keep doing it. It gave me an excuse to see Iris, to talk to her, to make her smile. Even if she wasn’t smiling at me. 
“After a couple of months all three of us realised it couldn’t go on. Something had to happen. So Geordie came up with this hare-brained scheme for him and Iris to run away together. I tried to talk him out of it. My God, how I tried, but he had the idea fixed in his head. He said staying in this place was killing him. Those were his very words. He reckoned Iris would come with him, but he was going even if she didn’t. Then he asked me if I remembered our blood vow. Was I going to leave Craghead with him?”
Archie pushed his sleeve up and showed me a thin white line on his forearm. “I swear this scar stung like a fresh knife-cut when I said no to my brother.”
A chill crept down my spine at his words. I didn’t want to think about why. “Go on,” I said. 
“Geordie came up with a plan to meet Iris at Burton’s Mound in the middle of the night. He’d steal a horse and the two of them would travel across country to Westport. From there they’d catch the train to Christchurch.
“I found Iris in the bar. She looked very pale, but her eyes lit up when I told her Geordie’s message, with the time and place for them to meet. ‘Thank God,’ she murmured, pretending to wipe down the counter where I was standing. ‘Tell Geordie I’ll be there on the dot.’”
Archie’s eyes were glistening with tears. One rolled right down his cheek and fell on the sheet. I couldn’t stop staring at the spot on the white cotton. It was easier than looking at his face.
“What did you do?” I whispered.




Chapter 24: Burton’s Mound


“God forgive me,” Archie muttered. “I changed Geordie’s message. I told Iris that Geordie would meet her at Burton’s Mound at one o’clock in the morning. Geordie was expecting to meet her at midnight. I knew he wouldn’t hang around long, he’d be away on his horse after half an hour when she didn’t turn up. Which was exactly what he did.
“Poor Iris went trudging up the track to Burton’s Mound. I was following right behind her, but I let her wait on her own for a wee bit. Then I appeared like a knight in shining armour. I told her Geordie had left the house in the early evening and no one had seen him since. I said he must have changed his mind and gone away on his own.
“Poor Iris was crying her eyes out. She was cold and tired, and she thought Geordie had abandoned her. It was easy to take her in my arms and tell her I’d look after her.
“Then she told me something that made my heart leap. I could see the way to get what I wanted. She was expecting Geordie’s baby. All I had to do was convince her and her parents that we should get married – and her reputation would be protected.
“I took her back down the hill to Craghead and woke her parents. They were so shocked when they found out Iris was pregnant, it was easy for me to talk them round. Poor Iris, between her parents and me, she never stood a chance.”
Archie leaned back on his pillows, so pale and waxy that my heart did a flip. Was his confession too much for him?
But he turned his head towards me and his lips twitched in a small smile when he saw me peering anxiously at him. “Don’t worry, Skye. I’m not going yet. Do you ken what I’ve just told you?”
I shook my head, panicky thoughts spinning in my mind. “I don’t know . . . you mean Iris was expecting Geordie’s baby when she married you? So . . . that means Mary, my grandmother, isn’t your daughter? She’s really Geordie’s daughter?”
Archie nodded. “She is indeed. Keep working through the family tree.” 
“So you’re not Mum and Terry’s grandfather by blood. You’re their great-uncle. And you’re my . . . great-great uncle?”
“Aye.”
I sat back and thought about it for a minute. “Does Gran know about this?”
“No. Iris and I couldn’t see any point in telling Mary I wasn’t her father. We thought it was better to let sleeping dogs lie.” Archie sighed. “Hindsight is a bonny thing. It probably would have been better if we’d told her. 
“I tried very hard to forget that Mary was Geordie’s child. I tried to treat her the same as my own two children who were born later. Many years afterwards, on her deathbed, Iris told me I’d always treated Mary differently. I was very strict with her. I criticised her more than I did the others. I never gave her the love and praise she longed for.” He dropped his chin to his chest and sighed. “Both Iris and Mary were hurt as a result of what I did. Geordie, too, no doubt.”
I thought of my grandmother and her nervous disposition. How she never hugged and kissed me like grandmothers were meant to. How she crept around the house, arranging and rearranging the cushions and coasters.
Archie used the word ‘poison’ when he talked about family secrets. He was right. The poison seeped down through the generations. Maybe if he’d loved Mary properly, she wouldn’t have been such a fragile personality. Maybe she’d have brought Mum and Terry up differently. Maybe the whole mess with Leo Saunders would have been avoided.
“Does Josh know about Geordie being his true great-grandfather?” I asked. I was pretty sure of the answer but I had to be certain.
Archie snorted. “You’re joking. Can you imagine your brother sitting still for hours while I worked my way up to a confession? He doesn’t know, and nor do Edie and Terry.” He grinned tiredly. “You have my full permission to tell everyone, Skye. Tell them the whole blessed story. And don’t forget to say I’m sorry. It’s been a heavy burden, this secret. I’ve been carrying it with me for a mighty long time.”
“So what happened to Geordie in the end?”
Archie’s eyes filled again, and he wiped them with his pyjama sleeve. “I don’t know. We never heard from him again. He would have been angry and hurt when Iris didn’t turn up at Burton’s Mound at midnight – and he would have been ashamed for running out on us when things were so bad. I reckon he would have closed off that part of his life and started a new one.” He sniffed. “Looks like I’ll go to my grave not knowing what happened to my brother after I betrayed him.”
“A new life,” I said thoughtfully. “Just like Mum. These days it’s called reinventing yourself.” 
“Oh, aye,” Archie said, lifting an eyebrow. “I never thought of that. Eden did it too. It must be something in the blood.”
I watched a moth flying dizzily round the standard lamp. Faster and faster it spun – mirroring my thoughts. Fragments of conversations, glimpses of faces, flashes of emotion – my head was full of random bits, like a heap of jigsaw puzzle pieces. 
Suddenly one phrase sprang out at me. Burton’s Mound. Geordie and Iris were to meet at Burton’s Mound. That was the other name Stuart had mentioned when he was talking on his mobile. Stuart was planning an additional explosion at Burton’s Mound that nobody knew about. Except me.
“Archie, where’s Burton’s Mound?”
His eyelids were drooping. “Eh? Burton’s Mound? It’s the big dam up in the hills. Built by a farmer called Burton. Up past the Craghead Mine.”
“On the way to Wero Valley?”
“Aye . . .”
Click, click. Pieces of the puzzle fell into place. The dummy explosion, the one the protesters had planned together, was at the Crag. The real explosion, the one only Stuart knew about, was at the dam. My stomach knotted. I could guess at Stuart’s intentions but I had to make sure. “Archie, what would happen if someone blew up the dam? Blew up Burton’s Mound?”
That made his eyes flick open. “Eh? Blew it up? Let’s see . . . the dam would be full at this time of the year. That’s a mighty big load of water. It’d come charging down the creek like a tidal wave. It could do a lot of damage.”
“Roads? Bridges?”
“Probably. Mebbe the old schoolhouse. It would wreck that posh picnic area they’ve set up next to the creek, for sure.” He frowned at me. “Why d’you want to know?”
I looked at my watch. It was three o’clock. If I left now I could be at the camp by six. It would still be daylight so I wouldn’t get lost. Then I could tell Josh what Stuart was up to. Josh was the only person I could tell. Nobody else would believe my story. 
Why Josh? It was that voice in my head again. 
He’s my brother. He has to believe me.
Should I try phoning his mobile? No, he won’t have coverage. Even if he did, he was in such a state when he left he probably wouldn’t take a call from me. I had to speak to him face to face.
“Archie, I haven’t got time to explain now, but will you do me a big favour?”
“Reckon I owe you one,” he mumbled.
“I’m going to tell Mum I’m off for a run. I’m really going to go back to the camp. I’ve got to tell Josh something about Stuart Dyer. It’s really important. Would you tell Mum and Terry where I’ve gone in . . . oh, about an hour? So they won’t worry when I don’t come back?”
Archie nodded. “I probably shouldn’t, but I’ll go along with you. Only an hour, mind, before I tell them where you are. If you fall over a cliff I don’t want to be blamed.”
Standing, I leaned over and kissed his forehead. It was cold and bony. “Thanks, Archie. I’ll tell you all about it when I get back. Promise.” 
“I’ll hold you to that,” he said. He reached out and grabbed my hand. “Skye?”
I looked down at him.
“Take care.”
“I’ll try,” I said, feeling as if I had a lump of rock in my stomach.




Chapter 25: Flight


Josh got as far as the Crag before he came to his senses and realised where he was. He’d tripped over a stone and fallen flat on his face. The shock of two stinging knees and a bang on the chin jolted him into some kind of awareness. He dragged himself into a sitting position, staring at the blood welling from the grazes on his palms.
“Bloody,” he mumbled. “Bloody secrets.” 
The words reverberated in his head. Mum had sex with Skye’s father. Skye and I are brother and sister. He could say the words to himself over and over again but he couldn’t make himself believe them. Not properly.
Something else hit him. Mum’s gay. Why would she sleep with a man? And with her brother-in-law, of all people? 
He shook his head. The questions were unanswerable. 
Josh forced himself to concentrate on the most important thing, the knowledge that hurt the most. It was like sticking a fingernail into a wound. Skye. My sister. Out of bounds, forbidden, against the law.
He heard himself groan aloud. Stop it. Do something. Stand up. Move. Walk. Get to the camp. 
Ignoring the sting, he wiped his bloody hands on a clump of grass and hauled himself upright. I’ll feel better once I’m at the camp, he thought. I’ll talk to Stuart. Stu’s a man, he’s been around, he knows the score. He’ll tell me how to get me through this.
His cheeks were itching. He rubbed at his face and realised it was tracked with dried tears. He’d been crying and he hadn’t even noticed. What a frigging loser. Crying his eyes out over a bunch of women. Lucky no one else was around to see him blubbing. He rubbed both eyes with his knuckles, raked his hair back off his forehead with his fingers, and squared his shoulders. Get a move on, he told himself. Get your arse into gear.
Two hours’ fast walking and he’d be there. He’d already walked this track once today but he’d do it again, no problem. Especially since he wasn’t carrying a big pack of supplies for the camp. 
Put it out of your mind, he told himself. That’s what Stuart would say to me. Don’t think about any part of the whole stinking mess. Especially don’t think about Skye. She’s . . . gone, vanished in a puff of smoke. She doesn’t exist. With a bit of luck her bitch of a mother will drag her off to Auckland before I head back to Craghead. I’ll never see her again. I can go back to my old life, joking with Gareth about the girls at school, watching DVDs with Josie snuggled up beside me . . .
Josh made good time. He was well past the dam and the smoking hillside, about quarter of an hour out from the camp, when he saw two people striding towards him through the tussock. A minute later he recognised Stuart and Joe, both carrying heavy packs. As they came nearer Josh lifted a hand in greeting. Stuart and Joe seemed to hesitate then Joe raised a hand in response.
A minute later they met face to face. “Wassup?” Josh said to Stuart, his spirits lifting slightly. “Didn’t know you were heading back to Craghead today.” He looked at Joe. “You too?”
Joe fidgeted and glanced at Stuart. “Hello, Josh.”
Stu frowned, fixing Josh with one of his icy blue stares. “Dude. I didn’t know you were coming back to camp today. What’s going on? Why aren’t you looking after your cute little cousin?”
Josh opened his mouth but suddenly didn’t know what to say. Oh, nothing’s going on – by the way, I’ve just discovered my cute little cousin is also my half-sister. And I’m trying to get her out of my head but she’s sort of stuck there. 
No, this was not the right time and place for that particular discussion, especially with Joe’s big ears listening in. “Family problems,” he said, shrugging. “Bloody females, weeping and wailing all over the place. Couldn’t stand it anymore. I had to get out of the house.”
Joe guffawed. “Don’t know how you survive in that house, mate. Too many women.”
Josh noticed that Stuart was still frowning. In fact, he looked seriously pissed off. Josh kicked at a stone with the toe of his boot. “Actually, I was hoping to talk to you about something. Guess I won’t be now – seeing you’re heading back to town.” He had a sudden thought. “What say I walk back to Craghead with you?”
Stuart grimaced and looked at his watch. “Not a good idea, Josh. We’ve got to move fast. You’ll be totally knackered by the time we get back.”
“Being knackered sounds good. I can crash into bed when I get home and keep out of the clutches of all those bloody females.”
Stuart looked at Joe. Joe shrugged. Josh sensed unspoken words flying between them. What was going on? He noticed Stu had a spade tied to his backpack. A spade? What the hell did Stu need a spade for? 
The realisation hit him. Stuart and Joe were on their way to organise the protest action. Whatever it was, it involved digging. And he could tell from their scowling faces that they didn’t want him coming with them. 
Same old crappy story. Baby Josh wasn’t allowed to know. Baby Josh had to stay out of the way, safely tucked up in bed. Bastards.
“Tell you what,” Stuart said. “I’ll walk you back to the camp. It’s only fifteen minutes, ten if we push it. We can talk on the way. Joe can carry on to Craghead. It won’t matter if I’m half an hour late.” He looked at Joe, who nodded briefly. 
Josh scuffed a hole in the dirt. He was pissed off because Stuart still wouldn’t involve him in the protest action. At the same time he couldn’t help feeling proud that Stu was prepared to walk back to the camp with him just so they could talk. “Nah,” he said nobly. “Thanks for the offer, Stu. It’s not that important. I’ll catch you later. You two go and do what you’ve got to do. Good luck.”
Stuart stared at him. Josh felt the pale blue eyes cutting right through to his core. “Josh, I’m not just being a frigging nanny when I say you shouldn’t be involved in this protest. You’re a decent kid. You need to be right out of it when the shit hits the fan. It’s going to be a hell of a lot messier than people realise.”
Josh shrugged. “I believe you.”
“Yeah,” Stuart said quietly. “But you won’t really understand until after it’s all gone down. Promise me something. Just stay in the camp tonight. I’d rather you were tucked up in bed at Craghead, but I guess you’ll be okay at the camp. Janice can keep her beady eye on you.” He shook his head, as if to clear it of unwanted thoughts. “Gotta go, mate.”
“See ya,” Josh said. 
“Goodbye, Josh,” Stuart said, thrusting out his hand. “Been good knowing you.”
Josh shook hands, slightly confused. Stu sounded as if he wasn’t coming back, ever. I’m getting paranoid, he thought. Must be those blasted females, mucking round with my brain. He felt slightly guilty about lumping Skye in with her mother and her aunt, but pushed the feeling aside. For a few seconds he watched the two men walk away, then he turned and strode along the track towards the camp. The sooner he got there the better. The clean air would clear his head. 
He was looking forward to seeing Janice’s face when he arrived. She’d be pissed as hell. Though his mother had probably phoned Janice to warn her he was coming. So she’d only be half pissed. That was bad enough.




Chapter 26: Refuge


Five minutes out from the camp Josh found Janice perched on a rock, waiting for him. As he expected, she was angry. She was twisting the ring on her wedding finger, round and round. She got to her feet when he drew close. “Your mother called me an hour ago to say you were coming,” she snapped. “Bloody hell, Josh, what’s going on? Why did you come back here? I couldn’t get any sense out of Terry. She wouldn’t stop crying.”
Josh found a cold, stony place inside himself. Once he was hunkered down there, nobody could touch him. Not Janice. Not even Skye. Especially not Skye. “Mum and Eden have finally spilled the beans,” he said. “I know that Skye is my half-sister. I know we have the same father.” He looked at Janice, raising one eyebrow. “You’ve always known, haven’t you?”
Janice’s face crumpled. “Yes. I’m sorry, Josh. It must have been a hell of a shock.”
“Sorry about what? That you’ve kept the existence of a sister from me all these years?”
Janice shook her head. “No, not about that. It wasn’t my place to tell you. I’m sorry you had to learn the truth the hard way.” She reached out and tried to squeeze his shoulder but Josh stepped back. “You should have been told earlier. Years ago. For your own protection as much as anything else.”
Josh gave the knife another twist. “You still could have told me.”
Janice tugged at her ring. “I wanted to - but I’d promised Terry. And she’d promised her control-freak sister she wouldn’t say anything. Eden just wanted the whole mess swept under the carpet. Like a pile of dirt.” She peered at Josh. “Are you okay? You’ve got blood on your face. Terry said you were just about off your head when you ran away.”
“I’ll live,” Josh muttered. “Reckon the valley is the best place for me for a couple of days. If I have to see any . . . family members again soon, I’ll end up strangling them. Especially Eden.” He almost spat the last words.
Janice sighed. “Okay. You can stay here at the camp for a day or so. It’s a bit . . . ah . . . unexpected. You’re not actually meant to be here. Stuart didn’t want you around tonight because of the protest action. Did you pass him and Joe on the track?”
Josh scowled. “Yeah. Stuart looked pretty hosed off when he saw me. Apparently I’m meant to be tucked up at home like a good little boy.”
“It was for your own good. There will be repercussions, to put it mildly. We didn’t want you getting caught up in them.”
Josh’s pulse raced. Was this his chance to find out what was going to happen? He stuck his chin out. “Well, now that I’m here, right at Ground Zero, aren’t you going to tell me what’s going on?”
Janice turned her back on him, her head bent. Then she swung round to face him again, frowning with indecision. “I suppose it doesn’t matter now. It’s too late to change things.” She paced round in a little circle. “Stuart and Joe are going to plant explosives in the Crag. The whole knob should crash down on top of the bulldozers. It’ll create a hell of a mess – and stuff up the company’s bloody machines for quite some time. Should put their mine development plans back six months at least.”
Josh whistled. “Blow up the Crag? Awesome! When’s it going to happen?”
“Around midnight tonight.”
So that was what the spade was for. And that was why Stuart didn’t want Josh walking back to Craghead with him and Joe. Wish I was there, Josh thought longingly. It would be totally awesome to handle explosives. Then he could call himself a real eco-warrior. “Are they both going to be there all night?”
”Stuart is. He’s going to set off the detonators. Joe will come back here after he’s helped with the laying of the explosives.”
“What will Stuart do after he’s blown up the Crag? Where will he go? He’ll be in a shitload of trouble.”
“All sorted. He’s going to lie low for a while. Head back to Aussie and disappear. There’s no point in making things easy for the police when they come poking their noses in.”
That’s why he shook my hand, Josh said to himself. He’s going to ground. What a legend. Always one step ahead of everyone else.
“Come on,” Janice said. “You must be starved after all that walking. Let’s get some food into you.”
“You sound just like Mum,” Josh retorted - but he was glad the kitchen tent wasn’t far away. His stomach was an empty cavern.
He felt better after he’d consumed a bowl of pasta with vegetables, half a bar of chocolate and two apples. He sat on a log in the Mosh Pit and watched the other protesters. Miriam was pottering in the cooking tent, Ben was examining his geology samples, and Diana was punching at her laptop. They all seemed to be doing their usual things, they all looked the same as ever. Just another day at the camp.
But when he looked more carefully he could see that Miriam was muttering non-stop to herself, Ben was randomly picking up stones from his sample case, polishing them on his jumper and putting them back again in a different spot, while Diana was making a lot of typing mistakes and cursing under her breath. They weren’t as calm as they were pretending. Maybe they were thinking about what they’d say to the police when the wrecked bulldozers were discovered and an investigation was launched.
The protesters had exchanged worried looks when they saw him arrive at the camp, but Janice explained that he’d had a fight with his mother. She added that Stuart knew Josh was at the camp. That seemed to be enough to calm everyone’s nerves. Ben had given him a hug and Diana offered him her last piece of chocolate.
These are my people, he said to himself, feeling a rush of warmth. My family. This is where I belong. This is my real life. That other stuff at home, it doesn’t matter. It’s not important. What is important is saving this valley from being destroyed.
An hour later Joe returned to the camp, looking tired and even dirtier than usual. He spent a few minutes talking privately to Janice, then disappeared into the yurt.
Josh followed Joe in and found him sitting on the floor, picking out a mournful tune on his guitar. Joe glanced up and nodded when he sat down on his sleeping bag. He watched Joe’s fingers on the strings, wondering how long before he could play like that. 
“Was Stu okay when you left? He didn’t need help with actually setting off the explosion?” Josh asked.
Joe shrugged. “I offered to stay. You know what he’s like. Always the boss man. Didn’t want . . . what’s the word . . . amateurs getting in the way and stuffing things up.”
 “What d’you reckon will happen tomorrow? After the explosion?”
“The company will find out what we’ve done pretty damn quick. One of their helicopters will spot the mess. They’ll call the police. Pigs everywhere. There’ll be questions, an investigation. We’ll start off saying the Crag was unstable, ready to fall at any minute. They won’t believe us, of course. Then we’ll say maybe it was this guy called Stuart who did it. By that time the newspapers and television are sniffing round. You know how it goes.” He shoved Josh’s shoulder. “Just say you slept like a baby all night. Didn’t hear a thing.”
Josh laughed. “Except for your stinking farts!”
Joe did a rude chord on the guitar. “Look who’s speaking!” He stood up and headed for the door. “Mein Gott, I could do with a beer. Or three. Wonder if there’s any of that homemade ginger crap left? Better than nothing.”
Josh lay on his back, staring up at the cobwebs on the roof. A deep physical exhaustion swept over him. He closed his eyes and waited for sleep - but five minutes later he was up again, pacing round the circular room like a panther in a cage. His brain was too hyper for sleep, thoughts bouncing all over the place. He tried desperately to empty his mind, to think of nothing at all, but it was impossible.
Skye. He couldn’t shut down his thoughts of Skye.
Jesus. He had to get moving or the top of his head would blow off. He stumbled out of the yurt and took the path down to the river. It was late afternoon and the sun was sinking towards the western horizon. The river was dark and mysterious – calm at first glance, but when you looked closely you saw how deep the water was and how fast it was slipping past the boulders.
Hidden depths, he thought. Like Skye. She hides so much of herself. Like she’s permanently frightened. Scared that if she lets people know what she’s really thinking, something bad will happen.
Yeah. Well, it did happen, didn’t it?
He sat on the boulder where he and Skye had sat the previous afternoon, watching the peaty water gliding by. Was it only yesterday? Felt like a century.
He tried again to empty his mind of all thought, tried to stop his limbs from jerking like he had some horrible disease. He stared at the water and imagined it flowing through him – soft, cold, life-giving . . .
Eventually it worked. He was able to sit still long enough for a tiny brown lizard to dart across the top of the boulder next to him, searching for the last ray of sun. Josh watched it examining him, not sure if he was a danger or not.
He tried not to breathe. The lizard flicked its head to one side. Josh’s knee jumped uncontrollably. The lizard shot off the boulder and into the grass.
“Sorry, mate,” Josh said aloud. “Guess I’m not good company at the moment.”
 What was tomorrow going to bring? God knows – angry company men, police, newspaper reporters, TV cameras? I’m glad I’m here at the camp, Josh thought. At least I’m right in the middle of things. I’m involved. By the time I’m allowed to go home, dear Auntie Eden should have whisked her precious Skye away from all the nasty protesters and their evil plans. “Good riddance,” he said aloud. 
But there was a deep ache in his chest. He wondered if it would ever go away.




Chapter 27: Crunch Time


I tried jogging at my usual pace, but soon found it was impossible to run along the rope road. Sometimes I was walking, occasionally I was climbing, mostly I was stumbling and swearing. On the flat sections of the track I half-walked and half-trotted, but I had to watch my step the whole time. There were so many hazards lurking in the grass – stones, hollows, sleepers, tangles of wire rope, lumps of old machinery. The last thing I wanted to do was break my ankle and lie there till the next protester happened to walk past.
It took me a century to reach the mouth of the Craghead Mine. I paused and checked my watch. The hour I agreed upon with Archie wasn’t quite up yet. Mum and Terry would still be thinking I’d gone for a run around Craghead to clear my head. That’s as long as Archie kept his promise, of course.
What will they do? Panic, probably. Then they’ll call my mobile. I yanked it out of my trackpants pocket and made sure it was turned off. No way did I want to hear my mother telling me how stupid and thoughtless and immature I am. Been there, done that.
Archie won’t be able to tell them much about why I took off. All he knows is that it’s something to do with an explosion at Burton’s Mound. That’ll send them into a tizzy. 
Oh, my God. When is this explosion going to happen? Stuart didn’t mention a date or a time during his phone conversation, but logically it must be soon.
Whether it’s at the Crag or the Mound, I have to run past both locations.
Hang on. When Josh and I left camp this morning the protesters weren’t doing anything unusual. They all looked pretty laid-back. It can’t possibly be today. I should be okay. I will be okay. 
I dragged in a deep breath and jogged past the mine entrance towards the gorge with the Crag and the bulldozers. Yet despite telling myself that nothing was going to happen in the next five minutes, my heart started pounding madly when the Crag came into sight. My pulse thudded in my ears. 
Don’t think. Just run. Everything will be all right as long as I keep running. 
I sprinted past the bulldozers sitting shoulder to shoulder at the bottom of the valley. Their bulk was brooding, ominous, despite their bright yellow paint. I couldn’t stop my eyes flicking across to the Crag. It loomed over the gorge, casting a long shadow in the late afternoon sun. 
Only a few more seconds till I’m past. Please, God or whoever, don’t let anything happen till I’ve run past. Just a few more seconds, five, four, three… 
And then I was away from the danger area and into the open and I could run really fast across the grass, run and run and run – right to the end of the gorge. There I had to stop running and start climbing the rocky slope. My feet were suddenly as heavy as mud.
At the top of the slope I paused again, panting. My lungs felt twice their normal size. Where do I go from here? Which direction? The wide, tussock-covered valley spread out in front of me, offering no clue. The mountains watched me impassively.
I can’t remember which way to go!
Hang on. Janice showed me a track marker. Where is it? 
I bent over and peered at some nearby bushes. Nothing. I knelt on the ground, trying to control my breathing. What did Janice say about directions when we walked through here? I tried to recall her voice telling me . . . what? To head for the pointy mountain. That must be it over there. Mount Vincent. I took a few steps. Ah, there it was, a tattered knot of pink ribbon on a branch. I was on the track after all. 
I checked my watch again. My hour was up. Archie would have told Mum and Terry that I was going to the camp. Then what? They’d contact Janice at the camp. No problem. No one, not even Janice, could stop me finding my brother and telling him what I knew.
Running across the plateau wasn’t hard as long as I didn’t go too fast. I recognised a few landmarks from yesterday – a stunted, silvery tree thrusting its branches to the sky like a beggar asking for change. A big outcrop of rocks looking like a bunch of refugees huddling together. I’ll be at the dam soon. Burton’s Mound. What if the worst possible thing happens – what if Stuart blows up the dam while I’m running past? What if he’s already there, right now, getting things set up? My stomach clenched and I stumbled. 
Take it easy. Slow down, just in case. 
I eased into a jog. The dam would come into view soon. Just over the little rise. I slowed down even more, till I was creeping along the track like a mouse, bent over, trying to be invisible. Then the land fell away and I saw the gleam of water a hundred metres ahead. Instinctively I crouched. If he was there, I wanted to see him first.
Yes! Movement on top of the earth wall holding back the water. I headed for a bush that would give me a bit of cover. Then I craned my head and had another look. There was definitely a figure near the top of the wall. Walking, bending, crouching, doing something with a tool. Digging?
I had to get closer. With my head pulled in like a snail, I stumbled towards another bush and hunkered down behind it. Still not close enough. He had his back to me, so I took a deep breath and dashed another twenty metres and sank down behind a big clump of tussock. 
It was definitely Stuart Dyer. I couldn’t see his face, but I could tell from the way he moved. Precise, controlled, like a commando. He was digging a hole. I could see his gear lined up on top of the dam wall – tools, white plastic packs, boxes, a roll of wire. 
I was right. He was getting ready to blow up Burton’s Mound.
I couldn’t move. I couldn’t breathe. What am I doing here? Things like this don’t happen to girls like me. This is so not my problem. I should turn round and go back to Craghead. I should tell Terry about Stuart’s weird conversation. Too bad if she doesn’t believe me. Too bad if the dam collapses and causes chaos . . . 
It’s nothing to do with me.
I still couldn’t move. What are you going to do, wimp? Sit here till the grass grows over your shoes? Pull your shell over your head and slither away? 
If I had any guts, I’d confront Stuart. Tell him I was going to blow his whole plan wide open. That’s what Mandy would do. She’s not scared of anything – which is why I need her so much.
But Mandy isn’t here. It’s just me. And I don’t do brave. 
I put my hand in my pocket and closed my fingers round my touchstone. It was smooth and solid and real. Its weight calmed me. I took a deep, deep breath. 
No. I’m not going to run away. All my life I’ve been running away. Keeping out of trouble. Not this time. I’m in this nightmare of a movie and I’m not going to let the bad guy win. 
I watched Stuart, digging away near the top of the dam, oblivious to my gaze. What a bastard. What a double-crossing shitbag. My chest swelled. My nails dug into my palms. I wanted to punch him in the face. Push him over the edge of the dam. Watch him crash onto the rocks at the bottom. 
In my dreams. He’s more likely to push me off the dam. No point in going on a suicide mission. 
There must be something I can do to stop him - but what?




Chapter 28: Betrayal


My touchstone was warm – no, not warm, it was hot. How could it be hot? Surely it could only ever be the same temperature as my blood? Maybe the friction in my pocket had heated it . . . 
Crouched behind the bush, I balanced the stone on my palm. It definitely felt as if it had been baking in the sun for hours. The soft brown wood under the shiny surface glowed, breathed, hummed. What was it telling me? 
You can do this. 
That wasn’t Mandy talking in my head. Or my mother. It must be me going crazy and talking to myself. 
Think, Skye. 
Okay, I’m thinking. Proof. I need proof that Stuart is planning to double-cross the protesters. My phone – it takes photos. I can take photos of him. 
I hauled out my mobile and switched it on. I got ready to muffle any text beeps by shoving it down between my thighs, but it was quiet. No cell coverage, as usual. I put it into silent mode, just to be sure. 
Now, if I could just creep close enough to get photos of Stuart laying explosives at Burton’s Mound … then I could carry on to the camp and show them proof that their beloved leader had his own mysterious agenda.
It took me five minutes to crawl as close to Stuart as I dared. I ended up about six metres away. I couldn’t get any closer, there was no cover. It would have to do, even though the light was bad. Please, whoever’s in charge of this, don’t let him turn round…
I scrambled to my feet, held the phone up, centred the screen on Stuart’s back, and pressed the button. Once, twice, three times. I tried to get some water in the background. That would prove he was setting explosives at Burton’s Mound and not at the Crag. 
Stuart stood up, wiped his face, and turned round to survey his surroundings. I didn’t move. I pushed the button one last time, hopefully catching him face-on. 
He saw me. I was too far away for the camera to capture the cold fury on his face – but I could see it, plain as day. It terrified me.
“Skye!” he bellowed, striding towards me along the top of the earth wall. “What the hell are you doing here?”
“Taking photos of you, dickhead,” I muttered.
Run, Skye.
I snapped my phone closed, shoved it in my pocket, and took off along the track round the side of the lake. 
“Skye! Stop!” Footsteps thudded behind me. He was running too. “I’m not going to hurt you! Wait up!” 
Ha, you lying bastard. I can outrun you any day of the week. I have wings on my feet. I bounded through the grass. The earth bounced me up with each step. I took longer and longer strides. I was flying.
But Stuart was very fit. Five minutes later he was still on my tail. The gap between us was getting smaller. Stuart’s head was down and his legs were pumping like pistons. 
Somebody, help me.
I came to the bottom of the slope where the underground coal fires burned. Smoke eddied in the air. I slowed for a second, looking across the slope. Then I stared up the hill where the track went. I couldn’t run fast uphill. Stuart would catch me if I followed the track. 
Run across the fire.
So I did. I swerved round a clump of bushes and leaped across a shadowy patch on the ground that could have been a hole. Too bad if it was. I cleared it by a metre.
“Stop!” Stuart yelled. “You idiot! It’s riddled with sinkholes! You’ll break your neck!”
Run, Skye. 
My breathing was steady, my heart was pumping, my bones were as light as a bird’s. Every time my foot touched the earth I got a jolt of energy. Somehow I knew exactly where the holes were and I flew over them. I could see the safe patches of grass and rock spread ahead of me and my feet found them instinctively. 
Stuart would never catch me. The land itself wouldn’t let him. The earth was keeping me safe.
Stuart finally realised he hadn’t a hope in hell of running me down. I glanced behind as I left the burning slope and saw him kneeling on the ground on the other side, his arms limp, his head down. 
I kept running towards Mount Vincent. I was a gazelle, a cheetah. I could run forever. I didn’t even get puffed. My body was doing what it was born to do.
Time passed. I didn’t know how long. An hour? I was still heading towards Mount Vincent, so I was going in the right direction. Where’s Wero Valley? Isn’t it just over this rise?
“Hoi!” shouted a voice off to my left. “Skye! Slow down!” 
I reduced pace, turned my head, and spotted Ben’s hideous jumper jogging across the tussock towards me. Friend or foe? Don’t be silly, only a genuine nerd would wear a jumper like that. No way is he a double-crossing traitor. With a pang of regret, I came to a stop. I wanted to run forever.
“Skye,” Ben said again, when he reached me. He was panting. “I got a text on my mobile … from Janice … to watch out for you.” He put his hands on his knees and leaned forward to catch his breath. “I was out … collecting specimens. She thought I might spot you somewhere on the track.” He peered at me through misted spectacles. “Crikey. When I first saw you I thought you were an animal of some kind. You were moving so fast.”
“I’ve got to get to the camp,” I said “Urgently. I need to tell Josh something really important.”
“Okay,” Ben said. “Off you go, Superwoman. I’ll be travelling at my usual tortoise pace in the rear.”
Janice must have been watching out, because she met me on the track a few metres from the camp. “Skye!” she exclaimed. “Thank God. Terry phoned to say you’d taken off after Josh. Are you okay?”
“I’m fine.” 
She studied me, her forehead furrowed. “Rubbish. You’ve done the trek twice in one day. You must be shattered.” 
“I’m okay, honestly, but I’ve got something really important to tell Josh. He is here, isn’t he?”
 “He arrived a couple of hours ago. He’s down by the river.” She frowned. “What’s so bloody urgent that you had to do a three-hour jog to find him? Is it something to do with what Terry and Eden told you?”
“No.”
“What then?”
I glared at her. “It’s personal.”
Much to my amazement, she backed down. “Oh, stuff it. I’ve had enough of this. You and Josh can sort out your own problems. Reckon you’re both old enough. Go and find him.” She turned her back and stumped away.
I knew exactly where Josh would be. He was sitting on the same rock where we’d dangled our feet in the water the day before. His shoulders were hunched and bony and he was holding his head between his hands. He looked like an injured bird, a heron maybe. “Josh!” I called.
He turned his head. “Skye.” His jaw actually dropped. “What the hell are you doing here?” He clambered to his feet.
“I’ve got something important to tell you,” I said.
“About us?” His face looked like stone. “Thanks, but no thanks. I’ve heard all I need to know about us.” He folded his arms. 
“No, it’s not about us! It’s about Stuart Dyer.”
“Stu? What about him?”
“Josh, he’s not what he seems. He’s going to double-cross your protest group by blowing up the wrong place and getting you all into big trouble.”
“What?” Josh actually laughed. “That’s bullshit!”
“It’s true!”
“Have you gone crazy?” He narrowed his eyes. “How do you know there’s going to be an explosion, anyway? They’ve only just told me.” 
“That’s what I’m trying to say. I was up the hill at Craghead before we left yesterday and I overheard him talking on his phone about explosives and detonators…”
“So? They’ve been planning this for months. Of course he’d be talking to someone about it. Stuart’s a professional, you’re just a … girl. A squeaky-clean city girl who doesn’t know a thing.” 
His scorn burned like acid. My eyes stung with tears. “I know what I heard. Josh, he’s going to double-cross you.”
He shook his head in exasperation. “Skye, Stuart is a hero. He’s committed to saving Wero Valley. He’s going to bring the Crag down on the company’s bulldozers and wreck them. That’s what he was talking about when you overheard him. ”
“He’s tricking you. Listen to me!” My tongue felt too big for my mouth. I stumbled over the words but I had to get them out. “I heard him talking about blowing up Burton’s Mound. Not the Crag! You all think he’s going to blow up the Crag and wreck the bulldozers. That’s just a decoy. He’s planning to do something much worse – blow up the dam and send a massive flood crashing down the creek.”
Josh just stared at me, arms folded over his chest. “Bullshit.”
I rushed at him and pushed him in the chest. He staggered slightly, but kept his balance. “You’ve got to believe me,” I shouted. “Stuart’s going to blow up Burton’s Mound!”
Josh grinned and I felt like kicking him. “Honestly, Skye, is this a joke? I’ve never heard such a load of crap.”
“I’ve got photos on my mobile to prove it. I took them on the way here. Photos of him laying explosives at Burton’s Mound. Look!” I hauled out my phone and thrust it at him.
He wouldn’t take it. He actually shoved it away with his hand. “I don’t want anything to do with this. You’re living in some weird fantasy land, Skye.”
I couldn’t believe it. Why wouldn’t he listen to me? Why wouldn’t he even look at the photos?
But then I realised. Josh worshipped the ground Stuart walked on. Stuart was his substitute father. He didn’t want to hear or see anything that would prove Stuart wasn’t the fabulous superhero Josh thought he was.
“I’ve had enough of this shite. Goodbye, Skye.” Josh pushed past me and strode towards the camp.
“Josh!” I called. “Please, you’ve got to listen to me. I’m your sister. “
He paused and turned round. His face was ugly. “So what?”
I opened my mouth but nothing came out.
Josh shook his head and carried on up the hill towards the camp.
I watched him go, tears trickling down my cheeks. He’s my brother. The brother I’ve had for only a few hours. And he hates me. He doesn’t want anything to do with me.
I wish I was dead.




Chapter 29: Double-cross


My legs wouldn’t hold me up any longer. I felt myself swaying. All I wanted to do was lie down on the ground and shut my eyes. Maybe if I did that I’d wake up from this nightmare.
It’s not a nightmare. It’s real. You can’t stop now.
But I can’t do any more. He won’t listen to me. He doesn’t even want to be near me.
Get going, Skye.
Oh, shut up. I turned and trudged back along the path to the camp, my limbs as heavy as granite. Janice was in the kitchen tent with Miriam, peeling carrots. She eyed me sharply. “Did you find Josh?” she demanded.
I nodded, placing my feet well apart, preparing to go into battle – again. “Janice, I’ve got something really important to tell you. Will you listen? Please?”
She cocked an eyebrow. “I’m listening.”
I noticed Miriam standing behind her, head bent, fingers poking at a hole in her cardigan. She was listening too, and I was glad.
“You’re not going to believe this. Josh didn’t. Or wouldn’t - but I’ve got to keep telling people till someone believes me.” Like a robot, I repeated what I’d told Josh, the mobile phone call, the talk of the dummy drop at the Crag, the real explosion at Burton’s Mound. Again, my tongue stumbled over the words. Why did I have to sound like such an airhead? 
Janice and Miriam heard me out. When I’d finished Janice threw down her peeler and scowled. “Hang on. I need to get this story straight. You overheard Stuart arranging to blow up Burton’s Mound, instead of the Crag. And you actually saw him laying explosives at the dam when you came past earlier on.” She looked at Miriam, who bit her lip and shook her head, making her hat tassles swing like pigtails. “I don’t believe it. Sorry, Skye. I think you’ve got things all mixed up.” She put a hand on my shoulder. “You’ve had a tough time lately. Your mind is playing tricks on you.”
“I’m not crazy! It’s true.” I thrust the mobile at her. “I’ve got proof. Go on – look at the photos I took of him at Burton’s Mound.”
Janice peered at the tiny screen. “Jesus. I can hardly see it. I must need glasses.”
Miriam squinted over Janice’s shoulder. “Looks like him, eh. Reckon that could be water behind him.” She pressed her lips together. “Never did trust that bloke. Too cocky by half.”
“I don’t know,” Janice muttered, still peering at the screen. “I suppose it could be Stuart. Sorry, I can’t see what he’s doing.”
“Focus on where he is,” I urged, “not what he’s doing. There’s water behind him. There’s no water near the Crag, is there?”
“No,” she said doubtfully. She looked at Miriam. “Can you really see water there?”
“Yup.” 
Janice thought for a few seconds, then straightened up. “We need an urgent meeting in the Mosh Pit. The others need to hear about this.”
“Christ! There’s not enough time for a meeting!” I cried. “He’s coming. He’ll be here soon. He’ll find some way of brainwashing you again, like he’s always done.”
Janice frowned. “Sorry, Skye. This is the way we do things round here.” 

It was probably only a few minutes before the group assembled round the fire pit, but it felt like hours to me. The orange sun was slipping towards the edge of the mountains and the air was cooling rapidly. I couldn’t stop shivering. I felt deathly tired. I kept watching the brow of the hill behind the camp. Stuart could arrive at any time. Then what would happen?
The protesters settled themselves in the Mosh Pit, looking puzzled and a bit apprehensive. Even Josh was there. He kept his head turned away from me, his arms wrapped round his body like armour.
Janice repeated what I’d told her. Then she produced my mobile and handed it to Diana. “Have a good look at the photos and pass it on,” she said. “Is that Stuart? Where is he? What’s he doing? I need to know what you all think.”
“Think about what?” said a familiar voice.
It was him. I could hardly breathe. I didn’t think this nightmare could get any worse. Now it was my word against his. He just needed to persuade the group that I was a stupid little bimbo who liked to make up stories. The photos were a bit blurry so the protesters would believe him, not me. They’d trusted him for a whole year – why should they change their minds now?
Stuart sat down on one of the plank benches. He glanced once at me, a cold flash of blue. “What’s the meeting about, folks?”
Janice stared at him. “Why are you here? I thought you were spending tonight at the Crag?”
Stuart held his hands out, palms up. “I saw Skye run past. She looked really upset. A bit crazy. She wouldn’t stop. She ran straight across the burning hill before I could stop her. I thought I’d better find out what the problem is.”
Janice twisted the ring on her finger. “Skye has just told us that she saw you laying explosives at Burton’s Mound instead of the Crag. She took photos to prove it.”
“Photos? Let me see.” Stuart stood up with his hand out. Diana passed him my phone without hesitation.
“No!” I shouted, jumping to my feet. 
Stuart turned away, peering down at the mobile. “Can’t see a thing … hang on … what’s this?” Then he swung back. His face was apologetic. “Oh, shit. I’m sorry, Skye, I pushed the wrong button. I think I’ve just deleted them.” He handed the mobile back to me, and only I could see his smile.
When you hit rock bottom you can’t fall any further. I let myself go, gave in to the red surge of anger rushing through me. “You stupid idiot!” I shouted at Diana. “He did that deliberately! You all think he’s so bloody marvellous. Can’t you understand? He’s going to double-cross you!”
Everyone but Josh was standing up now. Stuart gazed sadly at me and shook his head. “Skye, I don’t know why you’re making up these stories. You’re a very mixed-up young lady. I feel sorry for you.” He looked round the group. “She’s delusional. Of course I’m not going to blow up Burton’s Mound. Why would I do that? We’re all set for a controlled explosion at the Crag, just as agreed. Joe helped me set the explosives right above the dozers.” He gestured at Joe. “Tell them.”
Joe scratched under his greasy dreadlocks. “All set to go. No problems.” He laughed. “Those puppies are gonna be a heap of junk tomorrow.” 
I looked from face to face. The protesters were exchanging glances, nodding and shrugging, carefully not looking at me. Josh was sitting with his elbows on his knees, hands shielding his eyes. 
They don’t believe me. 
Then I noticed Miriam frowning. “Miriam?” I begged. “You believe me, don’t you? You saw the photos. You saw the lake in the background.”
Miriam screwed her nose up. “Dunno. I think I saw water, but I’d like another look.”
I stared round the rest of the group. Their faces were still closed. 
“It’s over. Go and have a lie-down, Skye,” Stuart said.
I’d actually turned away to go to the sleeping tent when I heard the whack whack whack of a helicopter from the ridge that hid the Dunston Mine. The protesters had heard this sound so many times before they didn’t take any notice. I looked up and saw the black silhouette of a helicopter swooping along the ridge towards us. I guessed it belonged to the security organisation employed by the mining company. 
The last piece of the jigsaw fell into place. “That’s it!” I shouted. “Can’t you see? He’s a spy, a plant. He works for the mining company. He’s been working undercover all this time!”
Stuart shook his head and laughed. “Skye, your imagination is amazing. If I’m a company spy, why on earth would I want to blow up either Burton’s Mound or the Crag?”
“Because when you blow up Burton’s Mound the creek will flood and things will get wrecked and the protesters will get the blame,” I shouted over the clatter of the approaching helicopter. “You’ll disappear off the face of the earth and they’ll end up being labelled terrorists. Their supporters will turn against them. People will stop sending supplies and money. The protest won’t be able to keep going.”
“She’s got a point,” Miriam muttered.
“Never heard such a load of bullshit,” Stuart said. “Who’s kept this camp going for the last year? Who are you going to believe, me or a crazy kid?”
Miriam pulled off her hat and her wiry black hair sprang out around her face. She stuck out her chin. “I don’t know anything, but I reckon this explosion isn’t right,” she said, walking round the circle and eyeballing the other protesters. “It’s time you lot listened to this girl. She’s hearing a voice you all stopped hearing a long time ago.” She stood nose to nose with Janice. “Let her speak.”
Janice turned to me, her face creased with confusion. “Skye?”
Oh, God. Will this never end? What can I say now?
Speak up, Skye. This is your last chance.




Chapter 30: Company Man


 “That’s what spies do,” I said, staring at Josh’s bent head, trying to force the words into his consciousness. “They gain your trust. Then they control you. They keep you right where they can see you for however long they want. Then when it suits them, they betray you. And that’s the end of everything you’ve worked for.”
There was a pause, broken only by the noise of the helicopter as it flew in a wide circle above us. I held my breath. 
Janice grunted. “Pity you erased those photos,” she said to Stuart. “Bloody strange, too, if you ask me. You don’t usually make mistakes like that.” She turned to me. “Skye, tell me again what you heard Stuart say on his mobile yesterday. Try to remember every single thing he said.”
“For Christ’s sake, you’re not going to actually listen to this little twit,” Stuart protested, but Janice held her hand up. I looked again at Josh. He’d finally lifted his head. His face looked like it was carved from wood. His eyes were burning coals. 
“Umm … the helicopter was going to drop dummy explosives at the Crag,” I said. “He definitely used that word. Dummy. He called it the C drop.”
“Looked like the real stuff to me,” Joe interrupted. 
“Have you worked with explosives before?” Janice asked him.
Joe shook his head sheepishly.
“Go on, Skye,” Janice said.
“The real explosives were being dropped at Burton’s Mound. The B drop. He said he’d carry in the detonators and the rest of the gear himself.”
“She’s making it up,” Stuart scoffed.
“There was a word he used … I didn’t understand it,” I stammered. “I’d never heard it before. It was … um … ammo.”
They all looked puzzled, except for Stuart who sighed impatiently. “Told you. She’s fantasising.”
Think, Skye.
“No, not ammo,” I blurted. “It was anfo. He said something about anfo.” I looked round the ring of faces. “What’s anfo?”
It was like I’d grown two heads. Their eyes widened. Their mouths hung open. 
Nobody took any notice of the helicopter, which looked as if it was coming down to land in the valley about a hundred metres away. It hovered just above the ground, flattening a huge circle in the grass. There was a big black logo, ‘SS’, painted on the side of it. Josh had told me it stood for Sentinel Security. 
“What’s anfo?” I asked again. “I’ve never heard of it.”
“ANFO is a mix of ammonium nitrate and fuel oil,” Janice said slowly. “Used in open-cast mining. It’s also the explosive Stuart’s using to blow up the Crag.”
“That proves it,” I yelled. “I’m not lying! I did hear him say those things. How could I make up a word I’ve never even heard of?”
Janice turned to Stuart. Her eyes were narrowed. “Sorry, Stuart. We’ll have to investigate. Looks like there’s enough doubt to justify a trip to Burton’s Mound to see what we can find.”
“Excuse me,” I said. “Look, those men from the helicopter…” I gulped. “Is that a gun?”
The protesters turned towards the helicopter. Two men were jogging towards us. “Bloody security guards,” Joe growled. “What the hell do they want now? Why don’t they leave us alone?”
“They’ve come for me,” Stuart said.
Nobody uttered a word. Nobody moved. They were totally gobsmacked. So was I.
“Thought I’d better organise an emergency escape route a bit earlier than planned,” Stuart said. I couldn’t believe it. He was actually smiling, though the smile did look a bit forced. “Just in case this silly little bitch managed to convince you I was going to blow up the dam and not the Crag.”
“Hello - is everything okay here?” shouted one of the approaching men. They were wearing Day-Glo orange vests with SS on the front. One had a rifle tucked under his arm. “Just in time for a strategy meeting, are we?”
“Gidday, Mike, Steve,” Stuart said, giving the men a mock salute. “Afraid I’m going to have to hitch a ride back with you guys. Cover’s blown. This bunch might get pissed off enough to string me up if I hang around. Though I seriously doubt they’ve got the guts to do anything so extreme.” He turned and walked towards the security men. They watched us carefully, rifle at the ready.
“Christ,” Janice choked. “Skye’s right. He is a spy.” 
The other protesters stood frozen, their faces pale and shocked. Even Miriam looked as though she couldn’t believe what she was seeing.
Janice called out, “Stuart! What about Burton’s Mound? Even you can’t just leave live explosives lying round the place.” 
Stuart paused and turned back. “Agreed. We’ll remove the ANFO from the dam wall. Not much point in carrying on with the operation now.” He smiled, and I could see how the force of his personality had duped the protest group so completely. “You lot might regard us as the corporate enemy, but we’re not criminals. We just believe in different economic priorities for the country.”
“Priorities?” Diana spat. “Doomsday, more like!”She started to move towards him, but the security guard lifted his rifle and she stopped. “Bloody bastard spy!”
Stuart laughed. “It’s been nice knowing you, too, folks. Good luck with your ridiculous little protest. You’re so naïve there were times when I could hardly stop myself from laughing in your faces. All that time and effort and money wasted on a bunch of tents that’ll be pulled down in a few days. The mine in Wero Valley is going ahead whatever you do. The country needs it. And the world wants coal.”
“Why the hell did you let us carry on for a whole year?” Janice asked. 
“We had you where we wanted you, out of sight, out of mind. As long as your energies were spent on this camp, you weren’t organising bigger protests in the cities.”
Janice looked like she was grinding her teeth. “So why finish it now? Why blow up the dam, I mean?”
“The mining company is about to start test drilling in Wero Valley. They’ve been very patient, but now they want you gone. So I decided to send you off with a bang.” He grinned. “Excuse the pun.” 
Ben spoke up for the first time. “Uh . . . excuse me. If you blew up the dam, how were you going to deal with the police? It would still be a crime.”
“ Do you really think Stuart Dyer’s my real name? The police would have been looking for a ghost.” 
“Son of a bitch.” Diana lurched forward again, but Janice put a hand on her arm.
“Let him go,” she said. “There’s no point in wasting energy on him.”
“Wise words,” Stuart said. “Ciao, folks.”
The group of protesters stood in dispirited silence as the three men jogged towards the helicopter and climbed in. Two seconds later it took off with a roar and a blast of wind from its rotors, and disappeared over the ridge towards the Dunston Mine.
“I hope he rots in hell,” Diana said.
“Phew,” Miriam said. “That was one bad man. I always thought he didn’t smell right. All you other guys knew him better than me, so I just kept my mouth shut.”
“Sorry, Miriam,” Janice said wearily.
I looked across at Josh. He was crying. He saw me watching and angrily scrubbed the tears off his cheeks with his knuckles. Then he turned towards the entrance of the yurt.
“Josh,” I said, without hope. He would never speak to me again. He would never forgive me for destroying his hero. I’d only just found my brother and now I’d lost him again. Twice. 
Blindly I stumbled into the sleeping tent and collapsed onto someone’s sleeping 
bag. Then I let the tears come. My bones felt like rubber. Every part of me ached. I’d won – but I’d also lost. Lost everything.




Chapter 31: Truth


I woke up with the feeling I was being watched. Janice was standing at the entrance of the tent, holding a torch and a steaming mug. The sky behind her was dark. Someone had taken off my running shoes and covered me with a rug while I slept.
“Hello, Skye,” Janice said.
I groaned. I felt as if I had the flu.
“You’ve slept for two hours. You’ll feel better if you wake up now and eat something. Otherwise you won’t be able to sleep later.” 
I sat up and she handed me the mug of soup. She was right. After the first few mouthfuls I started to feel vaguely human again.
She sat down beside me. “I’ve spoken to your mother on the phone. She was frantic with worry about you. I told her you were safe. She wanted to speak to you, but I said you were exhausted and needed to sleep.”
Mum frantic? About me? Wish I’d been there to see it. “Did you tell her about the business with Stuart?”
She sighed. “Yes. I told her you identified him as an infiltrator but we didn’t believe you till it was almost too late.” She picked up my hand. “You’ve had a tough time, Skye. And you’ve been incredibly brave.” Her fingers squeezed mine. “I’m sorry.”
“Sorry for what?”
“Everything, but especially for not believing you. You were right. Stuart had us all brainwashed.”
I went to say, ‘That’s okay,’ but stopped myself. It wasn’t okay. It would be a long time before things were okay. Maybe never. “How are the others getting on?”
“Badly. There are some very traumatised people in the Mosh Pit. It’s like a funeral. Nobody knows exactly who’s in the coffin.” She sighed. “Skye, I’m glad you’ve finally learned the truth about Josh and you. It was criminal to keep it secret for so long. You both should have been told years ago. I kept warning Terry but she wouldn’t face up to it even after all this time. She just wanted to keep Eden off her back.”
“I know the feeling.”
“Josh . . . was he developing feelings for you, do you think?”
I shrugged. It all seemed like it had happened to someone else. “Maybe. I don’t know. All I know is that we were getting to know each other. We were becoming friends. And now he never wants to see me again.”
“Oh, Skye . . .” She switched the torch off and we sat quietly in the dark, staring through the tent entrance. After a minute my eyes adjusted and I could see the sky was thick with stars.
I swallowed the last mushy lumps of soup. I couldn’t make out Janice’s face in the dark and that gave me the courage to ask her something. Something I could never ask my mother. Not in a million years. “Do you know what actually happened? When Mum was expecting me? When my father and Terry … you know … got together?”
 Janice sighed. “Of course. Terry and I don’t keep secrets from each other.”
“Will you . . . can you tell me? I don’t want to hear it from Mum or Terry.”
“Wise child.” She pushed a pillow under her ribs and wriggled to get comfortable. “It’s not a pretty tale. Are you sure you want to know it all?”
I nodded. “No more secrets. Ever.” 
 “Okay. Here goes. Terry always felt second best. Edie was the oldest, the prettiest, the brightest. Terry was the plain, lumpy sister lurking in the background. Sometimes Terry felt that her mother wished she’d never been born.”
“I think their mother – my grandmother – had problems,” I said. “She was probably hopeless at being a mum.”
I could sense Janice peering at me in the dark. “Why do you say that?”
“Something Archie told me this afternoon.” I took a deep breath. “I’ll tell you later. Go on.” 
“Eden was pretty and clever. She passed her exams and got good jobs, and she could take her pick of boyfriends. While Terry struggled to hang on to her job as a nurse aide – and went through her own personal hell when she realised she was gay. She knew her parents would never accept it. So she kept it secret.
“Eden married Leo, the golden boy. Then she got pregnant. Everyone was overjoyed. Everyone except Terry, still hiding in the shadows.” Janice sighed. “I think Terry went over the edge. It’s the only explanation for what she did. She decided to get even for a lifetime of being second best. She concocted a plan to seduce Leo and get pregnant too. She wanted her parents to be just as thrilled with her as they were with Eden. If she had a baby to show them it wouldn’t matter so much when she finally told them she was gay.” Janice paused, squeezing my hand. “Are you okay? Do you want me to go on?”
“I need to hear it all.” And then I will never think about it again.
“Leo Saunders was a charming, good-looking larrikin. Some people have no weight to them, they bend whichever way the wind blows. Leo was one of those. Sorry, Skye, but I have to say this. Terry was able to lay her hands on all sorts of stuff at the hospital. It wasn’t hard for her to tempt him with a mix of drugs and easy sex.”
I thought of my Dad Box. I thought of my imaginary conversations with this wise, loving angel-father looking down on me. That was a different Skye, living on empty dreams. 
Janice went on, “Terry got pregnant. It didn’t take long for people to notice. Shock and horror. Terry confessed who the father was. By that time she was so messed up she didn’t realise what would happen. 
“The family blew apart. Eden ran away to Auckland, Leo took himself off to Vanuatu, Terry’s mother had a nervous breakdown. Terry was chucked out into the street, so to speak, but luckily Grandpa Archie came to the rescue with some money. She shifted to Westport and got a job in the hospital there. When Archie was diagnosed with cancer he asked Terry if she’d move into his house when he was too far gone to look after himself. She said yes.” Janice shrugged. “End of story.”
I leaned over and gave her a hug. She sat stiffly for a few seconds, then she relaxed. “Thank you for telling me,” I said. “It helps.”
“You deserve a bit of help,” she said.
 “Can I have you as an aunt, please?”
She laughed and hugged me back. “I’m honoured.”
I did feel fractionally better, but there was still something cold and heavy sitting in my chest. “Umm … Josh?” I said, hoping she’d understand. “How’s he getting on?”
“Christ, I’d forgotten about him for a moment. Poor guy. A double whammy. First the truth about you, then the truth about Stuart.” 
“Will you tell him what you’ve just told me?”
She thought for a second. “No, I won’t. That’s between him and his mother, but I’ll make sure she tells him the whole lot.” 
My eyes were stinging. “He’s my brother. I’ve always wanted a brother or sister. And a proper family. Now he won’t speak to me.” I could hear my voice cracking. “He won’t even look at me.”
 Janice clicked her tongue. “He’s being a typical bloody male. What say I try to persuade him to come to the tent and talk to you? I reckon it’s just prickly masculine pride that’s making him act up. He’s embarrassed. He’s been made to look a fool. He doesn’t know what to say to you.”
“Yeah?”
“I’m convinced of it.”
“Okay,” I whispered. 
“Wish me luck,” she said as she heaved herself to her feet.




Chapter 32: Brother, Sister


The minutes ticked by. Eventually I crawled through the flap and settled just outside the tent so I could watch the night sky, a cloak of black velvet dotted with tiny holes to let the sunshine through. 
My hopes began to fade. He wasn’t coming. He hated me. Janice didn’t know what she was talking about.
A figure rustled through the bushes, holding a torch with the beam shining on the ground. “Hello? Josh?” I quavered. 
“Skye,” said the voice I wanted to hear. The torch was abruptly switched off. I couldn’t see his face and I couldn’t tell anything from his tone.
Oh, God, this is so hard. Where do I start? “I’m sorry about Stuart,” I blurted.
“So am I,” he said, his voice slipping. “What a wanker.”
“Uh … you or him?”
Josh made a noise. It wasn’t quite a laugh. “Both, I guess.”
“He was a professional. He fooled a lot of smart people, not just you.”
“Yeah.”
We weren’t making much progress. I tried again. “What will happen to the protest camp now?”
I could sense him shrugging. “We’ve just been talking about it. The mining company wants us out of Wero Valley. They’ll bring in security guards or police or whoever it takes. The camp will be dismantled and we won’t be able to stop them. I suppose we could try chaining ourselves to the yurt. Might make it a bit harder to disassemble.”
“What’s next? When the camp’s gone, I mean?”
Josh shuffled his feet. “Whatever that bastard thinks, we’ve got heaps of local support. People want Wero Valley to stay as it is. We can still demonstrate and hold rallies and organise meetings. The Wero Valley Taskforce will bounce back stronger than ever.” His voice grew stronger. “Janice has been voted in as our new coordinator.”
“Excellent.” I could sense he was poised to take flight, back to the safety of his friends. I had to speak up. Now. Before he turned round and disappeared into the dark. And out of my life forever. “Josh?” 
“What?”
“D’you think you could … um … sit down for a while?”
“Why?”
“So we can, like, talk?”
Against the starry sky I could see his head turn away. I could smell his nervousness. He didn’t want to be close to me.
“Please?”
He made a huffing sound, turned his torch on again, and lowered himself to the ground. At last I could see his face. His jaw was clenched and his eyes were skittering all over the place. He cracked three finger knuckles in quick succession. 
Again I didn’t know what to say. I opened my mouth and nothing came out. After an eternity I said, “I’m sorry about everything. Stuart, especially. It was like being stuck in a nightmare. Whatever I did or said was the wrong thing.”
There was a pause. I stopped breathing. I think the stars overhead stopped turning.
“I’m sorry, too,” he said. “For not believing you. You were right. I should have trusted you.” He let out a huge, shuddering sigh. “After all, you’re my sister.”
I held out my hand and he took it. We squeezed fingers, then let go. “Do you reckon … Can we start again?” I asked. “As brother and sister?”
He shrugged. “I guess.”
I stumbled on. “What we did before, what we felt before – it doesn’t matter. It’s past, finished. We didn’t do anything to be ashamed of.”
He didn’t answer.
Was he really going to just walk out of my life? Did he think he could just forget about me? Pretend I didn’t exist? Well, it wasn’t going to happen. No more secrets, no more feuds. And no more Skye-Nice-As-Pie. I took a deep breath. “Well, even if you don’t want to see me ever again, I’m not going to let you forget me. I’m your sister. I’m going to text you and email you and send photos and post messages on Facebook and . . .”
“Whoa!” he said. I couldn’t see his face in the shadows.
“Well?” I demanded. “Shall we?”
“What?”
 “Wipe the slate clean.”
Eons passed. “I don’t know if I can do it,” he muttered.
“You can,” I said. “Josh, you can do anything you want.” Oh my God, I sounded just like my mother.
 “Before . . . when we thought we were cousins . . . I thought . . .”
“It doesn’t matter,” I said. “What matters is what we do from now on.”
“Okay,” he muttered. 
“Okay what?”
“Let’s do it.” He took my hand and shook it. “Hello, Skye. I’m your long-lost baby brother, Joshua. Pleased to meet you. I’m dying to know what you’ve been doing for the last sixteen years.”
I felt as if my veins were fizzing with champagne bubbles. “I’ll be delighted! But there’s not much to tell. Honestly.”
“Stop it,” he said.
“What?”
“Putting yourself down. I don’t want to hear any more stuff like that.”
“Sorry. Mum puts me down all the time. I’ve sort of got in the habit.”
“Have you ever thought that she does it because she’s trying to stop you being like your father?”
“What?” I’d never thought of it that way. 
“She’s probably looking for signs that you’re turning out like him.”
“So she forces me to be like her the whole time?”
 Josh punched me gently on the arm. “You’ve got to convince her to let you be your own person. You’re Skye Saunders. You’re a one and only.” 
I felt lighter, brighter. He was right. Thank you, Josh. “You’ve got a life story to tell me too, you know.”
“Yeah.” He scratched his head. “There’s the small matter of a lot of land and a stretch of water between our two places of residence…”
“No problem,” I said. “You’d better get used to climbing up that lousy hill every day to answer my texts. And we can take turns flying between Auckland and Westport in the holidays. Reckon our mothers owe us that much.”
“When do you leave Craghead?” Josh asked. “We might have a day or so to hang out together before you go.” He unfolded his legs and levered himself to his feet.
“I don’t know. I don’t see Mum staying around much longer.” 
Josh looked at his watch and peered into the darkness. “Janice will be arriving any second now to make sure we’re not strangling each other. She said she’d give us fifteen minutes to sort things out.”
“We’re sorted. Aren’t we?”
“You bet.” He laughed. “You’d better get your beauty sleep, big sister. We’ll be walking back to Craghead tomorrow morning, rain or shine.”
I groaned. “I never want to lay eyes on a tussock stalk ever again.”
“See ya.” And he was gone.
I sat perfectly still. No way was I going to join the others at the Mosh Pit. I needed to sift through my thoughts on my own. I stared up at the sky, still astounded at how many more stars you can see when you’re away from the city. 
I fixed my eyes on one bright star. “Goodbye, Dad,” I whispered. “Looks like I won’t ever know who you really were - but thank you for half of me. And my name, I guess.”
Mum once told me it was my father who came up with the name Skye. If I’d been a boy, I’d have been named River. You’d think Mum would have given me a totally different name, something proper and correct, like Emma. Her giving me the name Skye must mean something – but I was too tired to work out what. 
I yawned wide enough to split my head in half. The sleeping bag was beckoning. All I had to do was crawl into it, but something was still nagging at me like a faint toothache. 
Geordie was my real great-grandfather, not Archie. What had happened to him, the moody, mysterious young man who’d been betrayed by his brother? Would I ever be able to find the last piece of this particular jigsaw puzzle?




Chapter 33: Sisters


Tramping out of Wero Valley with Josh the next morning was easy. Probably because I knew it would be the last time. It also may have had something to do with the nine hours’ solid sleep I had once I’d given up wondering about Great-grandfather Geordie. Josh had dark circles under his eyes so he obviously hadn’t crashed like I had. He didn’t speak much, but that was okay with me. We were on the same wavelength again. 
Our steps slowed as we approached Archie’s house. We looked at each other and grimaced. We were not looking forward to the next confrontation with our mothers. “We haven’t done anything wrong,” I reminded Josh. “It’s all their fault, not ours.”
“I wish it was over,” he muttered.
“I’m your big sister,” I growled. “I’ll look after you and make sure the nasty witches can’t get you.”
He grunted and gave me a jab with his elbow. “Yeah, right.”
We trudged round the back of the house and collapsed on the step of the wash-house. Flinders dashed round the corner and went crazy trying to lick both of us at the same time. Josh put his arms round the dog, pulled him close and whispered in his ear. An apology, I guessed.
“Oh, for a long hot bath,” I sighed. “With candles and rose-scented bath oil . . .”
“Umm … we can probably find a torch and some baking soda,” Josh said.
The back door of the house opened and Terry and Mum came out. Josh and I exchanged glances and stood up.
“Skye, are you all right?” Mum asked. Her eyes flicked to Josh, as if she wasn’t sure whether to include him in the question or not.
“We’re fine,” I replied, emphasising the first word. “We have sore feet and we’re probably a bit whiffy, but otherwise we’re brilliant.”
Terry rubbed her hands together. Her eyes were still slightly swollen. “But … what about what we told you? You know, being … brother and sister? Are you okay with that?” Her voice was pleading. “Josh?”
Josh and I grinned at each other. “Yes,” we said together.
“Thank God,” Terry mumbled. 
Mum stepped forward and gave me a hug, much to my amazement. Terry did the same to Josh. There was a moment when all of us seemed to be waiting for something. The two women glanced at each other, did a kind of sideways step, and Terry hugged me and Mum hugged Josh. He looked totally stunned. I grinned and arched an eyebrow at him. He rolled his eyes, but managed to put an awkward arm round Mum’s shoulder.
“What about you two?” I asked.
Mum smiled. It was a small smile, but it was real. Her face looked softer, younger. The Ice Queen had melted away. “We sat at the kitchen table and drank tea and worked on collages and talked all night. We sorted a few things out.”
“No more secrets?” Josh challenged his mother. “No more avoiding questions? No more changing the subject?”
She bit her lip. “I promise.”
“Okay.”
“Josh? Janice told me on the phone about Stuart.” Terry’s voice wobbled. “I can’t believe it. We all trusted him. I’m so sorry.”
“So am I,” Josh said. He straightened his shoulders and pasted a grin on his face. “What’s for lunch? I’m starving.” 
We trooped into the kitchen, and I heard Archie’s bell ringing furiously. “Whoops,” Terry said. “He’ll give himself a heart attack. He’s dying to know what’s going on.”
“I’ll see to him,” Mum said. “You get the food organised.”
My eyes flicked between the two of them. Mum was actually talking normally to her sister. There must have been a heck of a lot of sorting out while Josh and I were at the camp. 
I wondered if this new, relaxed Eden would be happy to see Paul again when we got back to Auckland. Maybe I should beef up that Cupid act. Just imagine – Paul waiting to meet us at the airport clutching a big bunch of flowers and one of those happy-face balloons… It’d be so corny Mum would have to laugh. Things just might go back the way they were before Terry’s letter. I decided to send him another text when we left for home.
“Come on, you two,” Mum said. “We need to put Archie out of his misery.” 
Josh and I followed her into Archie’s room. His cheeks were blotchy from the effort of ringing his bell non-stop. 
“About time,” he grumped. “Thought you’d all fallen down a mine or something.” He fixed me with a beady eye. “Well, bonny lass, did your plan work? Did you get to the camp in time? And what’s all this about blowing up Burton’s Mound? Reckon it’s time you told me your adventures now that my stories have come to an end.”
We pulled up chairs and sat round his bed, drinking tea and eating our way through a huge pile of sandwiches and scones, while I told Archie about Stuart. Josh sat in silence, concentrating on eating. He didn’t say anything when I left out the bit about him not believing me. I sensed he was grateful.
Archie listened with an I-told-you-so expression on his face. Occasionally he snorted and harrumphed. I could see him restraining himself from saying how stupid and gullible the protesters were. He could probably tell from Josh’s face that he was still hurting. 
Mum went pale when I told them about Stuart chasing me after I’d taken the photos. “Oh, Skye,” she said, shuddering. “What if he’d caught you?” 
I decided not to mention my crazy sprint across the burning hillside. That was between me and my touchstone. I pulled the lump of petrified wood out of my pocket and held it up. “Sounds weird,” I said. “But I reckon I had help. I ran faster than I’ve ever run in my life. I won’t ever be able to run that fast again.”
Mum’s eyes widened and she took the stone out of my hand. Her fingers closed over it. Her lips moved. I think she was saying thank you. 
“I’m going to hang my touchstone on the Singing Tree,” I said. “But I need something strong to tie it on with.”
“That’s easy. Nylon fishing line,” Josh said. “I’ve got some. You have to climb the tree and hang it up yourself. That’s the rule.”
“I’m no good at climbing,” I said, trying to sound helpless.
Josh laughed. “I’ll give you a leg up.”
“And be ready to catch me when I fall.”
Later that afternoon I followed Mum out to the camper van. I sat down at the table while she started up her laptop. We were due to drive back to Christchurch the day after tomorrow to catch a flight to Auckland. “Mum, I’ve got an idea,” I said. 
She raised her eyebrows.
“Can you change the bookings? Could we spend a night in Christchurch before we fly out? With Gran and Poppa?”
“Are you sure? I always thought you didn’t like staying with them.”
“I have to talk to Gran. I want to tell her she needs to visit Archie before he dies.”
She peered at me. “Why? What are you not telling me?”
I hesitated. Should I tell Mum about Archie and Geordie? I knew Archie wouldn’t mind, but I wasn’t sure how Mum would react to finding out that Archie wasn’t her grandfather. Better to tell her when we were home again. “He needs her forgiveness,” I said, telling a different truth.
Mum looked surprised, but nodded. “Okay. Though I’m not sure you’ll get anywhere with her. She always acts as if he doesn’t exist. I’ll contact the airline and see what I can do.”
“Thanks. It’s important.”
She grinned. “It’s me who should be saying thanks to you.” She reached out and squeezed my hand. “I’m proud of you, Skye. You’ve had a tough time. And I know I’m to blame for a lot of it.”
I’m proud of me too, I thought. I didn’t wimp out. I fought back. I did what was right, not what other people wanted me to do. The only bossy voice in my head from now on is going to be my own.
Mum worked miracles and managed to change our bookings. I guessed it cost her megabucks but she didn’t complain. I trudged up the hill to text Mandy. Might as well let her know I’d be coming home soon. She might even find a spare hour away from Damien to spend with me. 
When I turned on my mobile it went into a frenzy of beeps. Six texts from Mandy. Six! What’s going on?
There was also one from Alison, my ex-running partner. Fed up with running on my own, she’d texted. Cd we meet halfway & run 2gether? 
I instantly texted back. Luv 2 meet & run. Will call when I get home.
Then I started opening Mandy’s texts – and just about dropped the phone. I couldn’t believe it. She and Damien had split up! The hysteria level increased with each text. Where r u? Wish u were here, she started. And finished with I miss u so much!!! Nobody 2 talk 2 about D. PLEASE PLEASE reply!!
I texted back and told her when we were coming home. Sorry about D. I have so much 2 tell u 2!!! I added. 
What the heck. I was on a roll. So I texted Paul and told him the time we were due to land at Auckland Airport. Miracles can happen . . .




Chapter 34: Geordie’s Cat


The next day was our last in Craghead. As if to fool us into thinking the plateau was a fantastic place to live, the sky was a deep blue, the sun shone, and there wasn’t a shred of mist to be seen. Josh and Flinders and I walked down the driveway to the Singing Tree. I looked nervously at the knobbly trunk. It shouldn’t be too hard to climb, I told myself. Dozens of people have done this before me. 
Before I started climbing the tree I took something out of my pocket and handed it to Josh. “This is for you. It belonged to my … our father. I know he was a ratbag, but I thought you’d like something that belonged to him.” I watched as Josh gazed at the old harmonica, a look of awe on his face. “Mum told me he was a fantastic harmonica player. He could play every single Bob Dylan song.”
Josh put the harmonica to his lips and blew. “Parp!” it said rudely. We both laughed.
“Thanks, Skye,” Josh said. “That’s the best present ever.”
“I’ve got one more,” I said. “Well, it’s a kind of present.”
“What?”
“I’m going to join a students’ environmental group at school,” I said. “It’s called CAPE, which stands for Caring About Planet Earth. They plant trees and clean up beaches and stuff.”
Josh blew again into the harmonica. This time it came out with a reasonably melodic note. “Reckon Dad approves.” He grinned at me. “I do. Sure you’re not just joining up to please me?” 
I shook my head. “I really want to do it. Wero Valley taught me that.”
He looked satisfied. “Cool.”
“Now the present for the tree,” I said, looking up into the branches. “By the way, which is your memento?”
Josh winked. “That’s a secret.”
“Not fair! You know what mine is.”
“I’ll tell you next time you come,” Josh said. Then he hit his forehead and said, “Duh! Cancel that. I’ll tell you when you’ve got rid of that pathetic Barbie picture on your Facebook page.”
“Deal.” I grabbed hold of the first branch.
I’m hopeless at climbing. I’m too small to reach far. I grunted and groaned. Josh turned away, probably to hide his amusement, and started throwing sticks for Flinders.
Eventually I wedged myself into an awkward space where a big branch arched away from the trunk. I was out of breath, and my nose was almost pressed against the bark. There was a hole just at eye level. I poked my fingers in. Much to my amazement I touched something smooth and hard. “There’s something in this hole!” I called down to Josh.
“What?”
“Hang on.” I managed to grab the object between finger and thumb and wriggle it out. 
It was a little wooden carving of a cat. The cat was curled up asleep, a look of bliss on its face. “It’s a cat.”
“What? A cat?”
“A carving of a cat.” I put the figurine in my pocket. “Hang on, I’ll just attach this stone and come down.”
Josh had helped me make a kind of hanger for my touchstone, but it still wasn’t easy to tie the stone to a branch with nylon line. Eventually I got it done and slowly climbed down, skinning my knees in the process.
We examined the cat together. “It’s one of Geordie’s,” I said.
Josh frowned. “It’s too happy. His animals usually look all tortured.”
“It’s a message for Archie.”
Josh shrugged. 
I knew I was right. “Geordie carved frightened animals because he felt trapped all the time. This cat is happy. That means Geordie escaped from Craghead and made a new life and finally found happiness.”
Josh scratched his head. “Okay. Whatever. Are you going to give it to Archie?”
“Yes. He’ll know what it means.” I stared hard at Josh. “Didn’t you ever wonder what happened to Great-uncle Geordie?”
Josh shook his head, looking embarrassed. “No. I got sick of Archie’s stories. I told him I didn’t want to hear any more.”
 “Well, you need to hear this,” I said. 
We sat side by side under the Singing Tree, the dream catcher revolving gently over our heads. Flinders gave a doggy sigh and flopped down next to Josh. A breeze brushed our faces and the tree sang quietly to itself.
“Will it take long?” Josh asked.
I nudged him in the ribs. “For once in your life, just sit still and listen. This story you must hear.”
“Bossy boots,” Josh said, poking me in return.
“Big sister says LISTEN!” 
And I started telling him the story of two brothers called Archie and Geordie who grew up in Craghead and became coal miners, and how they both loved the same girl, and then the Depression came and life got tough…


The End
###




Author’s Note


James Orman, my husband’s grandfather, was born in Scotland in 1883. He was the only son in a family of eleven, and his father was killed in a mine accident when James was eight years old. He started work as a trucker in the Burghlee Colliery at the age of ten. He worked for 30 years in Scotland, then emigrated to New Zealand where he worked for another 32 years in the Millerton Mine in Buller. He died in 1963 aged 80.
This family history gave me the idea of writing a story about the Buller coal-mining communities. Craghead is a fictional town, inspired by both Millerton and Denniston. The Incline at Denniston (borrowed for this story) was made famous by Jenny Pattrick’s books Denniston Rose and Heart of Coal. 
Facts about life in the coal-mining towns were gathered from booklets, journal articles, and interviews with Orman family members. From Clouds to Sea: 100 Years of Coal From Millerton and Stockton by Norman Crawshaw (1998) provided some historical details.
The Wero Valley Taskforce is based on the Save Happy Valley Coalition. This group fought for many years to prevent Solid Energy from establishing a new open-cast mine in Happy Valley, near the vast Stockton Mine. I am grateful to the Coalition for the detailed information I found on their website several years ago while I was researching. 
In 2007 and 2008 scandals erupted in the media when it was revealed that Solid Energy (a government-owned enterprise) was paying private investigators to establish spies within the Save Happy Valley Coalition. This gave me the idea for Stuart Dyer, long-term infiltrator and spy. 
Forest and Bird are currently running a campaign to save the Denniston Plateau from more coal mining. Visit their website at http://www.forestandbird.org.nz/campaigns/save-the-denniston-plateau-ours-not-mine/ for more information.
Income from the sales of this e-book will be donated to the Animal Sanctuary at Matakana, north of Auckland (http://www.animalsanctuary.co.nz). 

Lorraine Orman, 2013




About the Author


Lorraine Orman is the author of ten books for children and teenagers. Visit her website http://www.story-go-round.net.nz for more information about her work. Her two earlier printed books for teenagers, Cross Tides and Hideout, should appeal to readers who like Touchstone.

A free secondary-level Teachers’ Resource Kit for Touchstone is available at http://www.story-go-round.net.nz/pdf/touchstone_teachersresourcekit.pdf

