Trip Zet

ipam




Smashwords Edition Copyright 2019 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.







Author notes:


Trip Zet is the third e-book from Country Gentleman series.

Format of this e-book does not contain a chapter heading, such like, Chapter One; Chapter Two; etc.

Instead, the story unfolds in a numeric calendar date format with current time, daylight or nighttime hours, a set of current weather conditions, and the property location with character activity.

I enjoy learning parts and pieces of an unread novel before diving into the content.

The definition of the word, mother, varies by social, culture and religion traits but translates into absolute love, hugs, kisses, affection, and care for each one of her children.

A nice story about a country mom warms any heart including the mind and the heart of a new fascinating fictitious novel.

I have created my own personally book rating system for each one of my novels for the curious reader.



Rated G for good stuff


Rated PG for pretty good stuff


Rated M for mild stuff


Rated R for really great stuff


Rated V for vile stuff


Rated C for cute stuff



The story line is Rated M for mild acts of violence, lots of guns and knives, bold and nasty cuss words, witty and sick humor, a few dead bodies, but no ghosts or sex acts.

The major character role involves three biological brothers, who are a set of triplets as they attend their senior year in high school before going off to college.

This story line takes place in the tiny rural town of Lacy Springs within the US State of Alabama with heated days of summertime and lots of bright sunshine with occasionally thunderstorms that feed the crop farms, the herds of captured livestock and the numerous woodlands and wildlife and wildflowers.

Thanks for entering into my imagination!


ipam








Story plot:

Teen action and adventure drama with the triple brothers...


Breck, Flamingo, and Cinco, they are teen triplet brothers living in the tiny cow town of Lacy Springs within the US State of Alabama, where the sun shines bright in the summertime and then goes dull in the winter months.

Each brother loves their mama, attends their senior high school classes and has lots of fun doing numerous teenly male things, such like, sports, hunting, fishing, dating, and mudding.

However, their teeny fun becomes interrupted, when Middle Child Flamingo is awarded the title of Outstanding High School Student of the Year, by the Alabama governor, which requires a set of massive additional academic work, that stirs up brotherly trouble between the three brotherly triplets, inside the tiny cow town of Lacy Springs.






Adults:

Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior, deceased
(AJ) Adair Bibb, farmer
Arie Ashley Dunlap Balegreen wife of deceased Breck, Junior
Aurora Carter Dunlap Gordon, sister of Arie & wife of Moe
Jarvis Dunlap, grandpa of triplets, Reese's husband, Arie’s dad, farmer
Reese Dunlap, housewife, grandma of triplets, Arie’s mom
Iredell Balegreen, housewife, grandmother of triplets
Tommy Lee Sinclair, sheriff


Teens:

Acton Marburg, student
Babbie Cummings, student
Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior, III, student
(Flamingo) Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior, IV, student
(Cinco) Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior, V, student
Brett Cooper, student
Doyle Tate, student
Fannie Tifton, student
Retta Jean Moore, student
Violet Meeks, student
Yancy Oakes, student







Present day and place and space and time


Friday October 10th


Lacy Springs High School
Cold air-conditioned room with closed curtains

AP classroom setting
Cold air-conditioned room with closed curtains
04:04 pm


Inside the AP classroom, the entrance door automatically closes shut.
In the first column of student desks, in the last chair, Flamingo awakens with a loud snort of snot from the wonderful nap and then lifts up a sleep head, gasping with mouth drool, seeing an empty classrooms setting.
In front of the classroom, behind an empty desk surface, Professor Don Dunn stares down at the hard surface, where numerous piles of messy papers rise near his elbows. He turns and stares at the side wall, where a row of messy poster boards of articles and maps or easels of maps and drawing lounge below the white board. He exhales with annoyance for a disappointing day and the manual labor task ahead, toting all the physical piles of paper and heavy materials to his personal automobile.
Flamingo continues to sit in the first column inside the last student desk and wipes off the sleepy crumbs and mouth salvia on his face, looking down at his typed research paper, returning back to see Dunn. He slowly stands upright from the chair and exhales with a disappointing day, gathering his only visual aid, slowly moving ahead up the wide aisle, without a sitting high school student.
Each AP senior student from one of the other high school institutions has left the Lacy Springs High School campus, driving back to their house while enjoying their tiny celebration of victory with a paper of new college credits.
Inside the classroom, Flamingo exits the row and moves ahead toward Dunn, not the open archway. He stops and stares down at the thick brownish-gray skull that wears a long brownish-gray tinted ponytail. “Professor Dunn, I don’t know if you are interested in this object,” he extends an arm and opens up his cupped palm, exposing a rounded golden coin.
Dunn gasps in shock and stares down at the golden nugget. “What is that, Mr. Balegreen?”
Flamingo clears a throat. “Well, I did not get to show this item during my oral presentation. But I do believe it to be a golden coin coming from the true lost treasure of the Native American Yazoo Indian Tribe that lived here within the true Yazoo Land property in Alabama.”
He turns and gasps down at the golden coin in Flamingo’s palm. “Impossible!”
Flamingo smiles, “I think it is possible, sir. The Native American Yazoo Indian Tribe had lived and then died right here within the city limits of present day tiny cow town Lacy Springs.”
He frowns. “Impossible!”
Flamingo nods. “I have researched and documented all of my findings here inside my research paper. I have also provided a hand-drawn geographical map with numerous references that came from the public library and some of the citizens that reside here in Lacy Springs. I am very certain that the Native American Yazoo Indian Tribe had lived and then died right here in Lacy Springs.”
He extends his hand with a sour frown. “Let me see your paper, young sir!”
Flamingo extends the hand with the paper.
Dunn accepts the paper and flops it down on top of the empty wooden desk, flipping to the second page, reading out each word on the typed sheet. “Deep within a grove of green and brown sleeping woodlands, there lies a single log cabin, a tiny red house. The side house maintains a row of wild rose bushes in yellow, pink, and red bloom during the mild spring weather growing into an early winter.” He looks up with a gasp to see Flamingo. “This is the location of that ancient New Trading Post which lives off of Nappiers Lane. I have been here many times. But, I have never thought to look for a cache of buried golden treasure from the Native American Yazoo Indian Tribe right there, Mr. Balegreen.”
“Flamingo. Please call me, Flamingo,” Flamingo smiles. “The ancient pioneer trading post is located on the original site and it is a modern day historical landmark from the year 1794 during the Yazoo Land scandal that had occurred here in Bama.”
He nods with a smile. “Yes, yes, that is all true and fine. But where do you find the golden coin?”
Flamingo smiles, “Below the pink mountain peak, there had been a primary river that had flowed down around the northwestern slope of the flat valley land.”
He frowns. “What pink tinted cliff? O! You speak of the pink sandstone mountain summit on top of the Mohawk Patch. I know of that location also. Can you verify this location, again, Flamingo?”
“Ugh, right! I cannot verify the without…”
“Who else knows about the location of the gold coin?”
“There are only three of us, being me and my brothers…”
“Your two brothers are the triplets. Are ya’ll the only triplets that live here in town?”
Flamingo laughs, “Uoo! I think so. I don’t know of any other triplets anywhere else but here in Lacy Springs.”
“How many gold pieces did you and your brothers dig up?”
“One.”
Dunn stands upright with his short height from the chair and laughs out loud, hugging the research paper. “That is an excellent answer, Flamingo. Did you inform the landowner of your thievery?”
Flamingo gasps. “What!”
He lifts up the golden coin near his smile. “You stole the golden nugget from the ground, did you not? You do not own this land property, do you not, Flamingo? Why didn’t you inform the property landowner of the hidden golden coins that are buried down into that soil?”
Flamingo exhales. “Well, I was working on my college challenge paper, first and foremost. There wasn’t a lot of time to write my research paper and find out the true land property owner. I don’t know who owns the land or the golden coins, sir. I guess I…”
“That is an excellent and forgivable answer,” Dunn scoots around Flamingo with a smile and hugs the paper, keeping the golden coin in one cupped hand. “I would like to see the Native American Yazoo Indian Tribal lands with my own eyes. Would be do me the honor and accompany me to the land property site, Flamingo? I know where the trading post is located but not the exact spot with the Yazoo fire camp. I am very excited to meet the ghosts of yesteryears and walk on their spiritual plain.”
“Yes sir! Yes, sir! Me, too, sir!” Flamingo spins around with a smile and swiftly dashes behind Dunn, nodding with happiness. “Yes sir! Yes, sir! Me, too, sir! I will drive my car and meet you in the parking lot at the New Trading Post. Then, I can show you the exact spot of the Yazoo fire cape. Yes, sir!” He exits an empty classroom through the open archway.
The door closes automatically.


Nappiers Lane
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight
Trading Post location
Parking lot setting
03:16 pm


Flamingo races his sports car toward the Trading Post and parks the vehicle, killing the engine and slides out from the seat. He stands upright on top of the heated pavement and watches for Dunn, flipping through the pages of a second draft working college paper. All the information is listed here about the discovery of one golden coin, where Flamingo can study and share with Dunn.
Flamingo hopes beyond hope that his physical walk with Dunn will provide some college credits for his sophomore year at Burn U.
On the narrow gray tinted roadway, an older model tan colored pickup truck slowly appears and then stops, slowly turning into the black tinted smooth parking lot. The truck moves ahead and parks a few empty spaces beside the red tinted sports car. The door opens. Dunn slides down, not too far, and stands on top of the heated pavement, wiping off the sweat, straightening the worn dull brown tinted sports coat.
Flamingo continues to stand in the heated sunlight with nervousness and clears his dry throat with anticipation for the upcoming new oral college presentation to Dunn.
Dunn moves ahead and turns to scan the familiar landscape.
Flamingo pulls up beside Dunn with a smile and then swiftly dashes ahead, opening the entrance door into the Trading Post interior.
Trading Post interior room setting, Dunn enters without a word or a smile. Flamingo enters behind the back spine on Dunn and veers toward the register counter, stopping and points at the refrigerator. “May I purchase a bottle of water please!” he pays for the item and exits the room, dashing down the semi-dark hallway, entering the log cabin interior with the bottled water.
On the front porch, Dunn emerges out from perfectly squared shaped open archway on the nicely reconstructed red tinted log cabin first and then stops, standing on top of the rough planks of logs, smiling at the majestic mountain range. “I am always in awe with the grandeur of Almighty God and His earthly creations.”
“Yeah, the Brindlee Mountain Range is grand and wide and long and tall with a set of pink tinted flat tops making Almighty God much greater within my mind also.” Flamingo exits out from the same reconstructed red tinted log cabin and stops, standing beside a petite Dunn, smiling at the same mountain range.
Dunn rubs the single smooth golden coin in one hand and points out to the plot of tall weeds and flat dry soil with a smile. “Where did you find the golden coin?”
Flamingo slowly moves ahead with a grin and leaves the front porch, veering to the east, pointing at the grove of fruit trees. “I started my investigative research inside the true property lines of the Yazoo Land right here. I first discovered this flat spot a few yards from the reconstructed first pioneer Trading Post that was outlined in rows of fruit tree. There is a stream of fresh drinking water which is called Dry Creek Spring less than one thousand feet due east from this cold home spot, in which the original red tinted cedar log cabin had been owned and built by an Italian immigrant du Nucci and his family…”
“Yes, yes, I know that.” Dunn moves beside Flamingo and waves a free hand with a sour frown, rubbing the smooth golden coin with the other hand. “I am not interested in a set of hard working Bama pioneers, Flamingo. Where is the golden treasure of coins located here within the original land claim of the Yazoo Lands?”
Flamingo stops with a smile and then turns to face due west, slowly moving ahead with a smile through the new plot of tall weeds and dry soil, kicking up a set of twisting dirt tornados in the air. He waves an arm in the air; the other arm carries his college paper. He smiles. “Now, when you turn and walk in the opposite direction from the original red tinted log house and the original pioneer trading post, which is parallel to the Brindlee Mountain Range with a series of pink tinted cliffs, you head due west. Now, I thought there was an evaporated and dried up ancient river bed that had served as the primary source of drinking water for the Native American Yazoo Indian tribe here in Lacy Springs. As the historical textbooks declared the Native American Yazoo Indians had lived and thrived within the Yazoo Land and that fertile flat sandy coated land had been located by the Mississippi River bank.”
He waves a free hand and surveys the open clearing of weeds and hot temperature with a sour frown, rubbing the golden coin with the other hand. “Yes, yes, that is all true and fine. Where is the golden treasury of coins here in this plot of dried dirt?
Flamingo extends an arm toward the open clearing of weeds and dry soil. “When I first explored this plot of weeds, dry soil, and little green grass, I found that the land was evenly flat and missing numerous row of plant bushes and groves of shade trees and other colorful wildflowers. I was both befuddled and bewildered. You can see that we are moving ahead from the Trading Post and walking toward the middle of the open flat field of tall weeds and low grass. This plot of land is about one-mile lengthwise from the roadway toward the mountain range and one-mile long from the Trading Post toward another face of the mountain range and it is empty of forestland…”
“The nasty damn gang of Bama farmers ruin God’s beautiful landscape, pushing off the trees, planting the seeds, drowning the fertile soil, and harvesting food for the greedy, rich people.” he frowns.
Flamingo continues to move ahead and clears a dry throat as he is a farmer by name only, “Then I started working on my oral presentation for the College Honor Challenge and discovered the missing link by searching through history.”
Dunn continues to scan the landscape with a stern face. “Where would the hidden treasure chest of golden coins be here within the tall weeds?”
Flamingo stops and stands in the middle of the field. “I must go back in historical time,” laughing. “Now, there have been teams of smart archeologists who have determined that the first peoples to entered and lived right here 12,000 years ago within the Mississippi Valley had encompassed the present day lands, including present day the present day US States of Missouri, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee, North Carolina, West Virginia and all the way to coastal US states of South Carolina and Virginia which ended at the coastline of the Atlantic Ocean. They were the Paleo-Indians or Native Americans which were labeled as the Mississippians of the Mississippian Culture. They were first hunter-gathers culture that followed the mega-fauna which became extinct at the end of the Pleistocene Age. Then they had developed into agricultural farmers and sea fishermen. However, it was not until the year 800 Common Era or CE, the Mississippians and their developing political, economic and probably warring culture had developed and spread with the concept of Native American dirt mound-building that take-off across the southeastern land region including the same present day US States that I had mentioned before. A mound building society had constructed and designed their individual dirt style for their ceremonial events, burial places, and residential homes, all above the dirt ground and sometimes on top of dirt platforms. Each plaza village layout was built on top of flat pile of dirt ground and always near the river bank. So, these Native American Indian tribes lived as hunters or fishermen on the water. Thus, the earlier Native American Indian tribes were really mound builders, not man takers,” he chuckles.
He frowns at the silly joke from the sillier teenager. “Where is the location of the golden chest of coins, Flamingo?”
Flamingo smiles, “Within the Mississippian Culture base, the Plaquemine Culture had thrived within the lower Mississippi River Valley regions which had encompassed present day western US State of Mississippi and eastern US State of Louisiana. Some excellent examples from the Plaquemine Culture include the Holly Bluff mound site in Mississippi, the Medora mound Site in West Baton Rouge Parish of Louisiana, and the Emerald Mound site in the Natchez Trace Parkway, which is really important here.”
Dunn frowns. “Where is the cache of golden coins located here within these itchy weeds, Flamingo?” Flamingo flips through his college paper and shows Dunn the dull black and white picture which is made with dull yellow hue in silence. Dunn looks down and frowns at the photocopied photograph. “Yes, yes, I have seen this hand-drawn illustration one thousand and more times before. This is an actual sketch that has been photocopied with a hand-drawing from the Yazoo Indian town of Holly Bluff village site within Yazoo County of present day Mississippi right beside the Mississippi River. The Yazoo tribe members lived and thrived there.”
Flamingo points down with a smile at the colorful map inside his college paper. “Yes, I know that too. The Holly Bluff river site is known as the Lake George Site and the Mound Place by the local natives of Mississippians. Holly Bluff was a prehistoric Plaquemine Indian culture period with the Mississippian Culture during the 800 CE or Common Era time period and was housed on the Mississippi River bank. But I was intrigued with their land layout that formed their Yazoo Indian town. Their Yazoo town design of land is flat and even, where a single log cabin, not cloth tepee hut stands alone and not within a field of crops. The Yazoo Indians were not hunter-gathers culture, but a set of horse traders and raised horses for a source of income. So, the Yazoo chief and his braves raised and trained young horses, selling each horse for a few golden coins coming from each pale faced white man. Each golden coin came from a Frenchman and a Spaniard and an Englishmen and later an American. The original treasure box of gold coins had come with the original British troops and then had been circulated for decades and decades around the countryside of a young America. The Yazoo Indians lived off a field of maize corn cobs and from the fresh water of seafood, thriving with a peaceful intent until that nasty, bloody Natchez War on December in the year 1792 with their greedy enemies, the Cherokee and Choctaw Indian tribes. The Natchez Indian tribe was 4,000 brave Indian warriors and warrioresses in strength and ruled their land while worshipping the sun like a god.”
He frowns. “Yes, yes, that is all true and fine. Where is the golden treasury of coins here within the tall yellow and green weeds, Flamingo?”
Flamingo nods. “Yes, I had read numerous bites and bits of historical information also. The Yazoo War Princess had been captured alive during the Natchez-Yazoo Indian fight. So, she only knew of the golden coin box location there in her home village. Then she had escaped from her captures and fled the Mississippi, landing here in Alabama. So, she had established herself as a hard-working simple pioneer woman with her knowledge of foreign languages and then set up her home here in Lacy Springs. Then one day, she had left out and returned back to her home village in present day Mississippi, the Yazoo City, grabbing up the chest of ancient golden coins.”
He turns and frowns at Flamingo. “How do you know that unshared and undocumented information, Flamingo? There is not any type of written or verbal or sung information regarding that farfetched fairy tale.”
Flamingo chuckles, “Well, I had to dig deep and dirty into hidden research to find the truth through the numerous history books and on the internet and at the local library here in Lacy Springs.” He looks up with a smile and waves an arm at the plot of land. “As you can see, this nice wide and long and empty plot of land and weeds is an excellent sight for a construction of buildings or structures or mounds.”
Dunn looks up and frowns at the curved plot of dirt that could have been an Indian mound. “Mounds! I see one single short red tinted plot of rounded dirt. I guess if that is a mound, then it is a single Indian burial mound.”
Flamingo looks down and flips the pages, pointing down at a colorful map inside his college paper. “Now, I found this ancient map among the ancient books that had been drawn by one of the Spaniard soldiers that worked for Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto, when he had come to the new land of North America and explored the new untamed and wild wilderness lands during the time period of 1539 to 1543. The name of the map is called the Mississippian Cultures. You can see varies red triangles with a proper name. Each proper name represents a mound construction, where each Indian tribe had lived and thrived within a mound plaza. You can see the proper mound name of Holly Bluff. The Indian mound city of Holly Bluff still resides in the present day US State of Mississippi. The Holly Bluff Site is known as the Lake George Site and the Mound Place by the local natives of present day Mississippians. Holly Bluff was a prehistoric Plaquemine Indian culture period with the Mississippian Culture during the 900 CE time period and was housed on the Mississippi River bank. Thus, I used logic and assumed that each mound name had been established like the Holly Bluff mound site. You can see other names. The Indian mound city of Fort Walton is located in the present day US State of Florida which is on the Gulf of Mexico. The Indian mound city of Etowah had been built in present day US State of Georgia, which is on the river. You can see the name of Bessemer. On my ancient land map of the Mississippian Culture, the proper name Bessemer appears. Well, I know of modern day town which is named Bessemer also, which is not near a river. But there is also the Bessemer Mounds which is known as the Talley Mounds or the Jonesboro Mounds that is located at the bank of Valley Creek which flows directly down into the Warrior River that is located a few miles south of the town of Bessemer. I have never read about the Bessemer Mounds as the mound site had been closed down by the State of Alabama for looting and thievery.  But the Bessemer Mound village had been occupied by the Woodland Indians as early as 5,000 BC but the mounds had only been built during the Mississippian culture time period of 900 CE. During excavation process, the modern day scientists had discovered both numerous human and dog burials. Can you believe that? The Indian culture buried their companion canines. I wished that the American culture would adopt the same principle. Then there would be no more abandoned and stray dogs and cats. And the Bessemer Mound site is seventy-five miles southeast on the Warrior River from the Moundville mound site. You can see that the proper name Moundsville is also located on the ancient map from the Mississippian Culture. The Moundville mound site had encompassed 300 acres of Indian land with 29 geometric mounds. I also had discovered a recent Paleo-Indian site within Jefferson City, which is near the metro city Birmingham. The town of McCalla had been occupied by Paleo-Indians from the year 7500 BC to 1000 AD inside a cave near the Five Mile Creek. Modern excavation had found Indian artifacts consisting of pearl beads, shell items, and basket fragments inside the dull, damp, dark cave. Thus, the two proper names, McCalla and Tuscaloosa, were not located on my ancient Mississippian Culture map. So, all this new information led me to my new clue.”
He wipes off the sweat from his forehead with a sour frown. “What is the new clue, Flamingo?”
Flamingo chuckles and wipes off the sweat from his lips. ”Did you hear me say the common word, river? Each mound village had been built on a river bank. So, I dusted off the land maps and read about present day city of Tuscaloosa which is located near water but does not appear on my ancient map. The city of present day Tuscaloosa is located in western Alabama and located on the Black Warrior River also. The small village was declared a town on the thirteenth of December in the year 1819. Now, the year 1819 sounds familiar. It is the year that the Alabama territory became one of the US States within young America. The name Tuscaloosa was named after Tuskaloosa, who was the chieftain of the Muskogean Indians that lived there and then he defeated the Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto in the year 1539 at the Battle of Mabila. Thus, the city of Tuscaloosa had served as the capital city for the years 1826 to 1846 also. But the city of Tuscaloosa does not contain a mound plaza or a single mound site. But a few miles south of Tuscaloosa, the mound site village of Moundville stands on a bluff that overlooks the Black Warrior River which was twenty-five miles south and downriver from Tuscaloosa. Well, at this point, I had thoroughly researched and documented the concept of the mound builders and some of their mound plazas within the Yazoo Land throughout the southeastern United States of America within my college paper. But my paper seemed so thin and incomplete. You have not designated the number of typed words or pages. So, I started pondering the intriguing historical question. How did the Yazoo War Princess come to live here in Alabama after traveling from Mississippi? Well, I original thought the Yazoo War Princess had traveled by foot or by horse on the popular and ancient Natchez Trace and then veered toward the State of Alabama, working her way down here to the tiny cow town of Lacy Springs, which would have taken months and months. The Natchez Trace is a historic forest trail of 440 miles coming from the town of Natchez within the US State of Mississippi going up toward the major city of present day Nashville within the US State of Tennessee which links the Cumberland, Tennessee, and Mississippi Rivers. Natchez Trace had been the only land road connecting people and goods between Mississippi and Louisiana also.”
He smiles. “Or the Yazoo War Princess had traveled by canoe on the Mississippi River instead which would have been faster, safer and lesser both days and night. She was an original sailor of the seas as she had lived on the water all of her life. The Holly Bluff site is still located on the river bank. She could swim the ocean tides as a child,” laughing.
Flamingo nods. “I thought of that too. But the nasty, bloody fight had killed all the 300 brave Yazoo males and then separated the 200 female, including children from the homeland of Yazoo Indian tribe. The Yazoo War Princess had been captured and then didn’t wanna be re-captured again. The Mississippi River water would have been easy to spot her upright body and her rolling canoe. Natchez Trace had been created and used by the Native American Indian tribes for centuries. During my research, I remembered the within the ancient and documented Mississippian Culture base, the Plaquemine Culture had thrived within the lower Mississippi River Valley regions which had encompassed present day western US State of Mississippi and eastern US State of Louisiana. Some excellent examples from the Plaquemine Culture include the Holly Bluff mound site in Mississippi and the Emerald Mound site in the Natchez Trace Parkway. The Natchez Indians would have recognized a Yazoo princess and then captured her again or killed her permanently. So, she didn’t rode by hoof or hike by foot. And back then in the late 1700s, there were numerous European and American explorers, traders, and emigrants that used the forest pathway for travel also. The Natchez Trace had been utilized for decades and decades until the smart invention of the rolling river steamboat that changed transportation needs foreverly.”
“That’s a good point!”
Flamingo nods. “So, I thought the Yazoo War Princess would have traveled across the Mississippi River over the present day Alabama state line, marching over the open fields towards Tuscaloosa through Moundville, up towards Bessemer, up toward McCalla, and finally reaching the modern day metro city of Birmingham by horse, of course. However, the land distance in miles is 283 miles or four hours by modern day automobile at 60 miles-per-hour or five hours on an American Quarter horse at 50 miles-per-hour,” he laughs. “However, back then in the late 1790s, the horse of the day was a Chickasaw pony which was blood and body kin to the slender and thin Arabic horse line that was both small and quick. The American Quarter Horse had not been bred into existence until the first of the nineteenth century with the herd of wild-ass mustangs in the Wild, Wild West here in America. Any horse of the day could not have easily passed through the rugged terrain or high mountains. So, the Yazoo War princess would have been riding on a horse for weeks, until she had received the present day city of Birmingham here in Alabama. So, I ruled out walking by foot and riding by hoof and came to the final conclusion.”
He gasps. “What is the final conclusion, Flamingo?”
Flamingo smiles, “Well, I had to do some more research, but I had gotten the idea from reading about the river access. Then the answer was staring me in my face…”
“What is the answer that was staring you in the face?”
Flamingo laughs. “I had read and wrote the name down three different times.”
“What name?”
“The name led me to figure out how the Yazoo War Princess transported from Holly Bluff mound site within the US State of Mississippi to here in Lacy Springs within the US State of Alabama.”
“What name?”
“Do you not remember the name?”
Dunn frowns. “What name?”
Flamingo laughs. “I had mentioned him three times before.”
“What is the name of the male?”
Flamingo nods. “Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto, he was the first pale face male to see and ride the waves on the Black Warrior River here in present day Alabama. Young mister Hernando de Soto was born into minor privilege in a small town of poverty. Each young male was eager to leave and find their fortune. He sailed to the New World at the age of twenty years old and lived in Panama. He participated in number conquest battle within Central American for four years. Brave leadership, unwavering loyalty to the king and his men, and ruthless schemes for extortion of goods of food and valuables from each native village by their captured chief hallmarked his name. He was an excellent horseman, combat fighter, and war tactician. He was influenced by the great achievements of great explorers including Juan Ponce de Leon, the first European to reach Florida and Ferdinand Magellan, the first sailor to sail across the ocean to East Asia. At the age of twenty-six years old, he returned back to his country of Spain with gold and wealth from the Inca Empire. The King of Spain awarded him gold and pesos. De Soto married Isabel de Bobadilla, a relative of Queen Isabella.
“He was granted a ship and sailed to Cuba, becoming the Governor and was expected to colonize the North American continent for the king and the country of Spain within four short years at the age of thirty years old. In the month of May in the year 1539, Governor Hernando de Soto landed nine ships with 620 soldiers, 237 horses, 200 pigs, and numerous passengers consisting of priests, craftsmen, engineers, farmers, merchants, African slaves, Cuban natives, some with families also in present day city of Tampa Bay within the US State of Florida. The soldiers average 24 years old and carried tons of heavy armor and equipment to conquer the New World and find gold. From Florida, he headed north to present day western North Carolina, then entered eastern Tennessee, crossed the river into Alabama and then turned south and entered northern Georgia. He turned due south to met two ships with fresh supplies coming from the city of Havana within the country of Cuba and encountered the Indian town of Mauvila or Mabila.
“The Mobilian tribe under the leadership of Chief Tuskaloosa fought with Spanish army but the Spanish retreated with wounded ego and then retaliated by burning down the Indian town. During the burning smoke plumes, 200 Spaniards died, 150 were badly wounded and 60 horses were dead. The Spanish army had killed 6,000 Indian warriors at the Mabila making the battle one of the bloodiest in recorded North American history. Governor Hernando de Soto had lost most of their possessions, horses, dead men and numerous wounded resting in the Moundville mound town for one month.
“In spring of the year 1541, Governor de Soto arrived in the northern present day city of Tupelo within the US State Mississippi and made vocal demands from the chief of the Chickasaw Indian tribe and then lost the verbal argument. The verbal exchanged incited the fury of the Indian chief, who attacked the Spaniards, killing 40 men and losing the rest of the Spanish armor and equipment. Wrong-o move for Governor de Soto! Then, Governor de Soto did not march back down to the Alabama coastline, where two Spanish ships sat in the warm Gulf of Mexico waters and patiently waited for him with fresh supplies, because he feared an exit retrieve from each one of his tired, angry, hunger, and pissed off soldiers. So, he left on the fourteenth in the month of November in the year 1540 and turned around, heading north, building a sail barge and sailed up the Black Warrior River and then docked onto dry land at present day Northport on December, the first. They marched on land and headed toward present day city of Florence, crossing the Mississippi River at the present day city Tupelo within the US State of Mississippi in the spend the wintertime in the month of January in the year of 1541.
“On the eighth of May, in the year 1541, Hernando de Soto reached the Mississippi River in present day city of Memphis, Tennessee. They constructed flatboats and crossed the river, traveling westward through present day Arkansas, Oklahoma, and Texas and wintered on the Arkansas River in October 1541 without finding gold, inciting more Indian tribes and turned around, heading due south back to the Mississippi River. On the twenty-first in the spring month of May in the year 1542, Governor Hernando de Soto died of fever near present day McArthur within the US State of Arkansas on the western bank of the Mississippi River. His men concealed his dead corpse by weighting down blankets with sand and sinking the dead body in the middle of the river during the night. His army of soldiers numbered about three hundred with thirty Spanish horses. Each soldier worn an animal skin outfit for clothes and injured in poor health desiring to end the expedition. They marched due south and hit the mouth of the Mississippi River while walking the white sands on the Gulf of Mexico waters and headed due west while cursing and fighting each other with more human deaths. The remaining army of his soldiers stayed and settled in the New World in the countries of present day Mexico, Peru, Cuba, and other Spanish colonies. Most of Cuba governor and Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto’s New World expedition was a complete failure. However, the Spanish pigs mixed with the local wild pigs and created the razorback pigs that live and roam today within the southeastern United States. Governor Hernando de Soto not only contributed to the hostile relationship between the Native American Indian tribe and the new settlers from Europe but the Spaniards carried devastating infectious new germs which attacked the immune system of each Native American Indian including measles, smallpox, and chicken pox viruses that are incurable also. Terrible epidemics created high fatalities and devastation among the vast Native American Indian population, where many surviving natives and their chiefs fled their own homeland for the surrounding hills and swamps with a new life. Some of the Native American Indians had stolen a European horse and then developed a nomad life style. Economic, financial, and political structures collapsed. Thus, the Mississippian way of life had changed foreverly. Some Native American Indian tribes shared the knowledge of oral communication of the mound-building past to their children within the Cherokee Indian tribe. The other Indian tribes migrated hundreds of miles from the beautiful mound plazas, watched the elders die from unfamiliar European diseases, and then forgot about the stationary dirt mounds and the building concept of dirt mounds that continues to dot the current landscape within southeastern USA. Thus, the current Native American social structure significantly changed the American Indian population and the American landscape, where Hernando and his men were both the first and the last Europeans to witness the independent Indiana villages and the delicate civilization of the Mississippians and their unique Indian culture and life style. The country of Spain greatly benefited from the new information within the New World, establishing numerous Spanish forts and cities within present day US State of Florida and along the Pacific coastline.”
Dunn exhales with a nod. “You are well versed in the past and current American History, young sir. I’m impressed that you can recall all the datum right here for me, Flamingo.”
He smiles. “Well, I have photographic mind. I remember everything that I read and see.”
Dunn gasps in shock, “Really! That is an amazing talent.”
He nods. “It is a God-given talent, in which, I praise and pray to Almighty God every day.”
“Are you a religious man?”
He smiles. “Yes, I believe in Almighty God, Brother Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and all of my heavenly angels that live inside lovely heaven along with the evil doer Satan and his team of nasty demons that rule and reign in heated hell.”
Dunn smiles, “Well, that’s good for me to know also.”
“Do you…”
Dunn grins. “I do believe that we are off from the main subject. Where is the box of golden coins located here within the tall weeds, Flamingo?”
He laughs with a nod, “O yeah! We are off the main subject. I was saying before I went off on a tangent,” Flamingo looks down and flips the pages, stopping at a different map of Alabama. “This is the current river map of Alabama. I’m assuming the river point didn’t change much between the year 1792 and present day. So, the Yazoo War Princess escapes from her captives and finds her way into Alabama. However, she had heard of the old tales of the pale face man who was named Hernando de Soto and remembers the water journey up the Black Warrior River. So, she builds or buys or borrows a flatboat and rides on the Black Warrior River. The Black Warrior River is located in western Alabama and is formed by the two separate water forks, the Locust and the Mulberry, which are twenty miles west of present day city of Birmingham. So, she is going in the right direction and moving away from her homeland Holly Bluff mound plaza. The Black Warrior River flows 180 miles southwest and joins the Tombigbee River near the present day city of Demopolis. So, she slides down into the fresh water inside flatboat at the popular Indian mound plaza hot spot in Moundville. Moundville mound site had been documented by Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto. He and his army were the first Europeans to travel down the Black Warrior River in the year 1539. So, a millennium girl would know the famous river which has been named after the great chieftain Tuskaloosa as a famed Indian warrior. The river water distance is about sixty-nine miles from Moundville to the forked creeks. At the end of Black Warrior River, the water splits and creates the Mulberry Fork and the Locust Fork. The two forks maneuver up toward the northwest, but it does not connect to the mighty Tennessee River. The Locust Fork is 178 miles of fresh water and whitewater rapids which is popular sport today, probably not back them. The Yazoo War Princess knows and likes to avoid the fast moving rapid water as her homemade raft carries the box of golden coins. So, she veers toward Mulberry Fork. Mulberry Fork is a smooth 120 miles of fresh water that flows through the mountain passages and runs into another fresh waterway, the Warrior Creek. The Warrior Creek waters wind and curve about four miles up toward the present day city of Arab. However, the Warrior Creek ends at a big pond of fresh water which is located in present day roadway of Widgren Drive and Cobb Road within the present city of Arab. Then she drags that damn raft off the creek water and hikes a few miles in the northeast direction and then hit a new body of water, the Mink Creek. The Mink Creek waters spin and curve around the woodlands for five miles and then hits a small lake, which is present day Guntersville Lake. Back then, each pond lake was not so large and mighty. She paddles upstream and hit the mighty Tennessee River. The city of Guntersville is located at the southernmost point on the Tennessee River which is over seventeen miles of fresh water.
Dunn laughs. “That is an impressive travel route for the Yazoo War Princess.”
“Well, she hasn’t finished her trip,” he flips through the pages and returns back to one of the other maps. “Now, I come back to my ancient map from the year 1540. And here in present day Alabama,  the Hobbs Island Indian mound sits is so close to the small cow town of Lacy Springs that you can mouth spit with your acidic tongue,” laughing.
“What!” Dunn gasps in shock. “What is Hobbs Island? I…I have never heard of Hobbs Island. Wait! Why is there an island in the middle of the state of Alabama? There is not an island in the middle of the land of fields and flat meadows. That…that is impossible, Flamingo! What are you talking about? I don’t understand.”
Flamingo nods. “Yes, I agree, sir. It is impossible for an island to reside in the middle of land with fields and meadows but not impossible for an island in the middle of the flowing and mighty Tennessee River.”
He gasps. “What! What does the Tennessee River had to do with the Yazoo land? The Yazoo Land did not encompass any of the waterways on the Tennessee River ever, never, foreverly…”
“Ah!” Flamingo laughs. “I caught you, sir. You like to read the funny, dirty, dangerous, sweet novels from my favored author Ela Barlow. She invented and crafted that term, foreverly.”
He waves both hands with the golden coins. “Yes, yes, I do. Yes, yes, I know. Where is this island within the Tennessee River?”
Flamingo looks up with a smile and points in the northern direction over the pink tinted Brindlee Mountain peak. “In the north, there lies the mighty Tennessee River. And there also lies a flat piece of land which is called Hobbs Island that contains two Mississippian Paleo-Indian mounds. The original land property had been claimed by the Cherokee Indian tribe and fought over by the Chickasaw Indian tribe, but both lost, when the mighty US Federal Government inferred and interfered as usual and grabbed up the land like usual also around the year 1790. No one lived there ever. That flat piece of land lies in the middle of the river and floods often and does not house rows of shade trees or rows of plants bushes or any wild animals, but hard rock and cold fresh water. That was one reason why each Native American Indian tribe did not live there either. I remembered reading the historical information for my college research paper. After the bloody, messy Natchez-Yazoo fight of 1729, the Yazoo Indian survivals had been assimilated into the Chickasaw Indian tribe. Well, the Yazoo War Princess is really royalty, so she would have been treated with kindness and not murdered. And she was a good spy. The Hobbs Island had been fought over by the Cherokee and the Chickasaw tribes without one winning and no one living there for decades. So, a smart, young Yazoo Indian princess living within the Chickasaw Indian community would have overheard the ugly rumors surrounding the other two warring Indian communities. So, she took a chance and it paid off. She found a new home and an old friend, Hobbs Island.”
He nods with a smile. “I understand. But how did she come from the Holly Bluff site on the Mississippi River and end up here in Alabama on dry land and landlocked and not someplace else? I mean she could have landed anywhere else here in Bama.”
Flamingo nods with a smile. “Well, I researched that working theory also. The captured Yazoo tribe members both had been killed and also had been taken as slaves. The ones to be killed would have been taken south down to the Indian Mounds at Winterville,” he points down to the map. “Do you see on my colorful ancient map the name Winterville? The Winterville Indian mound location is one mile south from the city of Greenville and fifty-four miles north from the Holly Bluff mound site within the US State of Mississippi. The ancient Indian mound site had been built in the years 1200 and 1200 CE by the Native American Indians from the Plaquemine culture also like Holly Bluff mound site. It was a mound site of scared structures and ceremonies. No evidence of cooking pottery or decorative tepee items had ever been found. Scientists believed that the Winterville people lived away from the mound center on family farms throughout the Yazoo basin. And there had been twenty-three mounds including a massive structure that stood fifty-feet tall, the temple mound, where sacrifices had been conducted. So, most of the Yazoo captives might have ended up in there. A few hundred years later, the Natchez Indian tribe claimed Winterville Indian mound site as their property. Also the Natchez Indian tribe members were divided into the upper and lower ranks, where a person’s social rank was determined by the heredity through the female. That’s intriguing. Now, I understand why the Natchez were so mean-spirited. They had women leading their men,” he laughs and then clears a throat. “The Indian chiefs and the other leader inherited their post as members of the royal family. So, it was make sense to capture and marry a fellow princess as a bold and brave Indian warrior, influencing and impressing all of the Natchez leaders. So, the Yazoo War Princess was taken there and forced to marry or see her people die. This would be a good Hollywood movie film.”
Dunn shakes his skull and his hands with the golden coin. “What! Wait a moment! Something is not right. Something is missing here. The Holly Bluff mound site and the Winterville mound site are both located on the opposite sides of the Mississippi River. Even if, she had to cross the Mississippi River, the Yazoo Princess would have to traverse almost 300 land miles in distance for five hours by automobile or foreverly by horse or a boat. We have already discussed this topic and that escape route. And we still do not have an answer. So, it is a mysterious of how the Yazoo War Princess came to live here.”
He smiles. “No! I figured it out.”
Dunn gasps. “What have you figured out, Flamingo?”
He exhales with a nod. “I was missing it also. So, I went back and re-read all the given materials. When I reexamined the Yazoo Land map, the tiny cow town of Lacy Springs was not included in the purchase deal either. The land property started north of present day Yazoo City within the US State of Mississippi and ran straight across the state of Alabama encompassing the present day cities of Demopolis, Selma, and Montgomery, going all the way to the present day Georgia state line. And the Yazoo Land deal was brokered and busted in the 1792 CE, not 1729 CE. Thus, the Yazoo Indian Tribe had been dead over sixty years. The Yazoo Land scheme was not related or kin to any of the original Yazoo Indians which only adopted the unique name. Second point, the Frenchmen had occupied the US State of Alabama since the year 1702 with wooden forts and missionary stations from the river town of Muscle Shoals down to the beach town of Mobile. Third point, the Frenchmen had occupied the present day US States of Louisiana and Mississippi on the year 1699. In the year 1719, the French government established Fort St. Pierre near the present day city of Vickersburg which was forty miles south of the Holly Bluff Indian mound.
“However, the Natchez-Yazoo revolt in the month of December in year 1729 managed to wipe out Fort St. Pierre camp, the occupants, and the soldiers. However, in the month of February, in the year 1730, both the Natchez and Yazoo mound sites were destroyed by the union of the French and Choctaws Indian tribe. Then the Choctaws didn’t wanna play fair and continued to attach all the European forts. The Natchez War was a disaster for the French government, where the military and the surviving settles moved back, living in New Orleans. Since the year 1699 CE, the present day city of New Orleans has been occupied by the French and all of their descendants.  So, my new working theory is that the Yazoo War Princess had been sent to the French settlement in Muscle Shoals before the outbreak of the Natchez-Yazoo war.”
“Why is that, Flamingo?”
He nods. “The time period in American history displayed vicious and crafty unrest maneuvers between the European settlers and each Indian tribe. Each Indian tribe wanted the other one’s hunting grounds. Each European military leader was working to eliminate the Indian tribe and capture the hunting ground for their fort colonization. It was an evil person who was battling an eviler person, where the white man had won it all. It makes me sad to research and read how the young colonists conned the Native American Indians out of their lands and sent them packing away from their homeland. It wasn’t fair. The Native American Indians owned this land first, not any of immigrants coming from Europe. Within the Native American Indian tribes, they continue to back stab each other for prime hunting grounds with their silly ego proud, where they should have banded together and fought against the Europeans. Then, the American History book would be called the American Native History book,” laughing.
“So, what happened to the gold coins here in the field?”
Flamingo smiles, “So, the Yazoo chieftain-father was a smart male and sent his daughter away to study the white man ways at the French settlement in Muscle Shoals which was also a danger place, too. The Cherokee Indian tribe had claimed the hunting land for centuries and continued to war against the other tribes including the Creeks, Choctaws, and the Chickasaw for precious land and waterway rights too. I read that the Yazoo War Princess could speak the language of French and conversed with the young settlers, so she had become the French Pocahontas of 1729, blending into the white man world. When the Natchez-Yazoo broke out, she and her devoted warriors that made of the surviving Yazoo Indian tribe stole or quickly built a flat-bottom raft from cut up red cedar logs, placing supplies and the golden box of ancient coins on top of the fresh wood. They rode and paddled downstream on top of the Tennessee River and landed at Hobbs Island. She had learned of the hunting ground from the Chickasaw, where none of the other Indian tribes had dared to live and thrive based on the constant seasonal and sometime unseasonal flood waters and the lack of food. So, the Yazoo War Princess and her band of merry men eventually landed here, settling the flat meadow for their second Yazoo Indian home.”
He surveys the land and the sky with a stern face. “What is this place called? What is the name of this spot?”
“It currently called, the Hot Spot! I’m sweating buckets of smelly water and burning up my skin in the heat out here,” Flamingo scans the open landscape with a laugh and points at the pink tinted summit. “Well, over the mountain peak of pink hue, the deep fertile green tinted valley land with numerous ponds and hidden caves is called Mohawk Patch. I guess that name extends here also. I don’t really know if there is truly a proper name for this open field or the owner of the land property. I mean the Yazoo War Princess has been dead for hundreds of years. The Trading Post is called the New Trading…” He laughs out loud. “O! I get it now. The real name on the Trading Post is spelled like the real immigrant that had built it, Marco du Nucci. I always thought it was called…t.h.e….n.e.w…Trading Post. It is…d.u…n.u…”
Dunn frowns at the silly teen. “Flamingo, how far is this unnamed spot from the Tennessee River? Did they camp out with the golden coins before returning back here?” He points toward the pink tinted mountain peak with a smile.
Flamingo laughs and spins around to face the north. “Six miles, if you walk straight ahead through all the paved streets, each manicured back yard house, and all the working traffic lights. That’s an easy jog for a pioneer family in the month of December in the year 1729.”
He stomps both boots down into the dry river bed. “How did the Yazoo War Princess end up here inside the flat plot of dry dirt? Her logical didn’t make any sense to me.”
Flamingo nods. “That is a valid point and a good question. I think the flat land and the protection of two mountain passages and the comfort of the pond water helped her decide on the lovely flat and fertile spot. And she also had married an Italian immigrant, Marco du Nucci. He came from the country of Italy and claimed this part of the land property for some reason, probably by blood or by chance or by gambling or by drinking. Back then, a man did all kinds of things to own a piece of America.”
“Yes, a man did, would, and still will do that.” Dunn views Flamingo with a smile.
Flamingo nods. “Anyways, I found a map…”
“What did you say?” Dunn turns and gasps in shock at the teenager.
Flamingo nods a lot and clears his throat with nervousness. The torn and ripped yellow tinted paper map had been given as a precious gift from his Grandfather Dunlap. Flamingo does not care for the secret information to be shared or displayed for attention. He smiles. “I meant that I had created a paper map using my mind and my vivid imagination. I had envisioned this wide and open space like the picture of the Holly Bluff Indian mound illustration. I also had research mound construction. So, right here, in the open space, the largest platform mound which is a steep and tall pyramid-type structure with two walking ramps of stone steps. The pyramid mound is always located in the center that forms the new Indian plaza which is occupied by the highest ranking member within the Indian tribe, the chief. Then surrounding the largest platform mound, there are straight rows of smaller mounds that are rounded or circular shaped that serve as a support building for food stuffs, grave sites, and other residential homes. The plaza is always surrounded by a natural mountainside like the Brindlee Mountain Range and homemade wooden walls to protect the village from attacks of their enemies. So, I have envisioned the plaza here. Now, each mound building society is located near a river source. There is not a river source here. I mean. I thought. Maybe, there was an ancient and evaporated river source coming from either the northern stream which is called the Cooter Terrell Spring that flows between the Brindlee Mountain Range several hundred years ago. But the landscape had not changed that much since the 1500s. The curvy spring is always wet and filled with fresh mountain water coming down from the wintertime melted snowcaps. Or the ancient river might have come up from the south as part of the Henderson fresh pond water. But fresh river water does not move upwards, but downwards toward the warm waters in the Gulf of Mexico.”
He frowns. “If there is not an ancient river located here, then how did you figure out this was one of the Yazoo mound plaza?”
Flamingo moves ahead, stops, and stands inside the lower valley, stomping the dry dirt. “Here! This is a lower portion of the flat land which is a dried up river bed. So, I had thought the river bed might have actually surrounded the mound plaza on one side. But the pod of Indian natives had dug a long trench coming from both sides of the plaza connecting to the Henderson pond waters and the Cooter Terrell Spring water. Thus, the mound plaza had been completely surrounded by a spring of fresh water just like their destroyed home at Holly Bluff Indian mound,” he looks down and flips through the college paper, pointing at the illustration again.
“How did you figure that out?”
Flamingo laughs. “I dug through the dry dirt and found pieces of petrified horse shit.”
Dunn laughs. “Why would you do that? How did you know to do that?”
Flamingo points down at the dry river bed. “A continuous river flow will transport horse shit, clay soil, corn seeds, sediment sands, and other stuff from point A to point B and beyond. And I found piles of horse and dog shit inside and outside the river bed. And I had also found shell midden from tossed out ancient mussel shells. The Yazoo Indian family unit liked to eat seafood. So, they had trucked out to the Tennessee River with a fishing pole for fresh seafood. Once I had found the golden coin with the picture of a Latin cross on the front, I looked up the item up on the internet. This is a 1701 Spanish Seville Eight Escudos Doubloon coin in solid gold. The current US value is 27,000 dollars. I’m guessing here. But, in the time period, within the early 1700s, before the American Revolutionary War of 1776, the coins were mostly composed of Spanish currency, compliments of a dead and deceased and unknown body of Governor Hernando de Soto and his 620 men and Spanish supplies in the year 1539. After his death, the Spanish government stepped in and claimed massive amounts of free land here in present day America and then planted down all of their Spanish families here with Spanish coinage. So, I suspect that the hidden and secret Yazoo treasure chest of coins here somewhere within the flat clearing of tall weeds and dry dirt contains numerous French King Louis XIV gold and silver coins that are marketed at 10,000 US dollars each. And there might also be some smaller pieces of British currency in silver, at the time that shows a side nose profile on the King of England, in the year 1701, which is valued at 3,000 US dollars.”
Dunn smiles with a nod. “I completely concur with your smart financial assessment. I am very impressed with your unique discovery of the second Yazoo Indian mound plaza, Flamingo. This is definitely a new chapter for the American History books. How did you decide that this clear spot was an old imitation of the Yazoo Indian tribe mound? Each mound was really a log cabin. The conical mound is really a pile of dirt, not a traditional burial site.”
Flamingo nods with a smile. “Well, that was really difficult. I went back and re-read all of research information that I had used for my college paper,” he bounces the paper in the air with a laugh. “Then, all the information just poured down filling up the entire glass pitcher within my mind. My last clue guided my final and last conclusion had been an internet article about Clarence Bloomfield Moore.”
He exhales. “The Holly Bluff mound site had been first excavated by Clarence Bloomfield Moore in the year 1908.”
Flamingo nods. “Yes, he did that. There were twenty-nine short dirt mounds and on tall dirt mound of fifty feet high within the plaza enclosure in the year 1908. Mr. Moore discovered chert pebbles, fragments of chert, bits of mussel shell, and some earthenware vessels, without decoration. He also found a pebble axe with a fossilized wood handle, a chert stone hammer, and a pottery smoking pipe. Indians commonly smoked tobacco that came from the US State of Virginia. Chert mineral is a type of sedimentary rock which is made of silica that is found in limestone rocks. It varies in color from white to black as well as gray, brown, light green to rusty red. Both chert and flint rock had been the main tools and weapon for the cavemen. The rock is made of find grain that fractures with easy and quickly shapes an object into a sharp point, like an Indian arrowhead. Overall, he was greatly disappointed in the Holly Bluff Indian mound excavation. Finally, in the year 1949, scientists Philip Phillips, Paul Gebhard, and Nick Zeigler performed a set of scientific tests and then concluded the Holly Bluff mound site had been occupied with the Yazoo people for one millennium. For an individual and isolated American culture that had occupied the same plot of land for one thousand years, I started to ponder how the Yazoo War Princess had escaped from her nasty captures and then eventually found her way here.”
He frowns. “But the first excavation job at the Holly Bluff Indian mound discovered nothing but bits and pieces of tiny worthless artifacts. Mr. Moore suggested the Indian site had been looted and vandalized hundreds of years before. Why do you think this flat piece of grass is a second Yazoo Indian camp site?”
Flamingo moves ahead with a smile, stops, and squats down, pointing at the piece of embedded wooden plank that lied inside the red mound. “I was most assured, when I found that.”
Dunn follows behind Flamingo, stops, and stands, not too tall, beside Flamingo, looking at the piece of ancient wood with a gasp.
Flamingo reaches out and touches the ancient wood with a gentle hand. “The Yazoo Indian tribe spoke the Tunica language which was an isolated language that had been used in the Central and Lower Mississippi Valley region. Each word begins with a single consonant. Sometimes, there is a double or triple set of consonants that will occur in the middle of the word. Curved into the wooden plank is the word, ha’hka. Ha’hka is the Tunica language word for corn. The other word is la’pu. La’pu resides in the Tunica language and means good. The word starts with a single consonant. Sometimes, the single word has a set of double consonants in the middle of the letters. There is it! This old mound must have been a storage facility for ‘good corn.’ I’m a farmer. You store the corn seeds and the corn grains inside something that keeps out the bugs and the rodents.”
He gasps. “But a storage facility is not made of solid dirt.”
Flamingo stands upright from the grass and turns to smile at the landscape, spreading one arm across the air waves. “That’s correct. This plot of dirt had been hit by a violent tornado in the year 1794, probably destroying all the log cabins and eating away the permanent wooden storage facility that sat right here, leaving only a mound of dirt and some embedded wooden planks. I found another log cabin spot a few feet from the trading post that had been there second log cabin home. This one of numerous wooden planks here must have been placed on the wall or on top of the bags of good corn for a quick identification. So, this is my evidence that the Yazoo War Princess had lived and thrived here, since the year 1729. She had built a square of single log cabins like her homeland and birthed four sons with her husband immigrant farmer Marco du Nucci. They planted corn and cotton, opening up a trading post for the early settlers and, maybe, some of the Indian clans. The Trading Post probably had been blown away by the tornado, but her sons and family rebuilt it back. And if I was betting man, her hidden box of golden ancient coins had been stored there with the bags of good corn. If a robbery had come along, he would have stolen the bags of good corn, instead of the golden coins. Food was a necessary over golden coins and a smoking barrel in your face, instead of death for your family members,” laughing.
Dunn turns with a smirk and scans the flat land of weeds, rubbing the golden coin in one hand. “Very good, Flamingo! I am impressed with your historical research and your personal historical theory. The Yazoo Native American Indian tribe had survived and then flourished here in Lacy Springs. Who else knows about this newly discovered Yazoo Indian log cabin camp site location that contains numerous and hidden individual Spanish golden coins?”
He laughs. “There are only three of us, me and my two brothers.”
“Your two brothers are the other part of the triplets. Are you the only set of triplets in town?”
He exhales. “Ugh! Yeah, I think so. I don’t know of any other male triplets here in Lacy Springs. I mean. There could be a set of female triplets…”
Dunn rubs the golden coin in his hand and smirks, “How many golden pieces of coin did you and your two brothers dig up?”
He points down with a laugh at Dunn’s cupped hand, “One.”
Dunn looks down and opens his hand, gasping in shock and then laughs out loud. He looks up and smiles at Flamingo. “That is an excellent answer, Flamingo. Did you inform the landowner of your thief?”
He gasps. “What did you say? What do you mean, sir?”
Dunn lifts the golden coin near his smile. “You stole the golden coin up from the dry ground, did you not? You do not own this land property, do you not, Flamingo? Why didn’t you inform the property landowner about the scattered Spanish golden coins, which are worth 27,000 US dollars apiece?”
He exhales. “Well, I was really busy and occupied while working on my college challenge paper. There wasn’t a lot of time to write my paper and find out the true land property owner. I mean. The Trading Post allows any visitors to walk the land. There’s nothing here but the sight of the mountain range. I mean to say that I don’t know who owns the land or the gold coins, sir.”
Dunn nods with a smirk. “That is an excellent and forgivable answer. So, do you believe that the golden coins are scattered throughout the field cite here?”
“Yes sir!” Flamingo nods. “And I can go and get my sniff-o-meter?”
He gasps. “I beg your pardon, sir.”
Flamingo laughs. “Coonie found the location of the first Spanish golden coin by finding a pile of petrified horse turds first.”
He gasps with alarm. “So, this new friend, your unnamed friend Coonie knows of the location where the gold is buried also.”
Flamingo laughs. “Yes sir! And Coonie won’t tell anyone. I promise.”
He sneers. “How can you make that promise to me, Flamingo? There is now a fourth party with the same shared information of scattered golden coins from the lost treasure chest of Yazoo Indian tribe?”
“Calm down, sir!” Flamingo nods with a grin. “Coonie, he’s our hunting and tracking coonhound dog. How you hear of a coonhound dog? I wanna give him credit for finding that Spanish gold coin too. He sniffed out them petrified horse turds then dig them up along with that single gold coin.”
“What!” He exhales with annoyance while dealing with a silly teenager, “All right! I understand now.”
Flamingo clears his dry throat with a stern face. “I was wondering now. Do I receive a single college credit for one college course now? I mean I worked really hard on my college paper, but I did forget to wear a business suit, sir.”
He continues to scan the flat land with a smile. “Yes, yes, you will receive thirty-two outta the thirty-three college credits.”
“What!” Flamingo gasps.
He returns back and reaches out, slapping the elbow on Flamingo as Dunn is too short to slap the collar bone. “No one is perfect, Mr. McCory, the fourth. Please, try to remember that valuable life lesson, today,” he reaches down and snatches up the research paper and cuddles the item into his chest. “I will accept your paper now in exchange for your college credits. Do you possess a set of visual aids?”
Flamingo nods with a smile. “Yes, yes, I do. They are located at my home.”
Dunn ripped off the title page on the research paper and pulled out his ink pen, writing on top of the sheet the name of each thirty-two college credits that Flamingo had earned. He signed and dated the piece of paper, handing it back to Flamingo with a smile, “Well, you can bring the posters back to me at Burn U. How that? And you can take that piece of paper to the Burn U Admission Office that day also. They will process all of your college credits before your official enrollment at Burn U. Now, could you pinpoint me at the spot where you find this coin? I enjoy dicking around, too,” he laughed.
Flamingo gasps, “Uh! The time is almost six-thirty pm now. The sun is about to sit and then drop down below the horizon. It’s going to get really dark and cold out here, Professor Dunn.”
Dunn pulls out a flashlight and lifts near his smile. “Don’t worry, Dick! I like to play in the dirt…dark,” laughing.
“Shore, Sir Dick!” Flamingo spins around with a laugh after showing Dunn the hot spot of Yazoo camp sit and laughs while leaving the college professor in the dust, exiting back through the trading post with his single page of thirty-two college credits at Burn U. He slowly drives back home in sinking sunlight with a whistle and a smile, getting dressed to attend the final of the Revival Fire event, before midnight.


Lacy Springs Church location
Outside grassy setting
06:35 pm
Warm temperatures with moonlight rays and bright stars


The sun falls down into the pretty ground horizon of green, yellow, and lavender hue. A tall blazing bonfire glows in red, blue, pink, and orange tints of fire. A square shaped elevated stage platform of bright yellow wood glows on top of the ground and above the sky of white twinkling stars which is located two hundred feet away from the gigantic blazing bonfire. 
Two lines of happy and giddy patrons with a full stomach of food bounce across a thick patch of green manicured grass, over smooth turfs of red clay dirt with their individual family pet, such as, dogs, cats, pot-bellied pigs, miniature ponies, three snakes, one chicken, and one coil dog, who is part wolf and part dog. Each set of family members slowly stroll side to side or behind their parent with a smile and sing out loud in harmony, moving toward the elevated platform stage of yellow wooden planks. Each patron stops and unfolds the item, placing down a metal chair or a lawn chair on top of the ground in front of the two feet high rock pit, sitting down, staring at the center stage and feels the heat from the gigantic bonfire in the far distance which is beside the center stage. The mayor and council members in Lacy Springs want a safe and happy revival week. The high school marching band jazz ensemble musician sit on top of a shorter platform stage which is located on the opposite side of the bonfire and the center stage, playing out loud the popular spirituality revival hymn: When the Saints Come Marching Home.
The tall blazing, fiery bonfire is built like an Egyptian pyramid-shaped with a straw design in the shape of a pitchfork that represents the Devil man and all his wicked evilness. The point of the fire is to renew the good and revolt the bad.
A row of numerous teenagers kneels down in front of the center stage and holds a hand-held portable flashlight device that contains an incandescent fifty-watt light bulb, emitting an intense bright white beam of blinding heaven ray into the eyeballs on Brother Neap. Neap bats a hand at the intangible object of air molecules near his face and then lifts the arm into the air, dropping it down and pats his full stomach with a smile. “We have worshipped with Almighty God and his son Brother Jesus. We have eaten food from Almighty God and his son Brother Jesus. Now, we are going to sing to Almighty God and his son Brother Jesus, the Holy Spirit and all of our heavenly angels that have joined us here today. Please clap out loud and sing along the familiar song with each one of our glorious choirs. We start with the familiar and talented teen choir. Come on down!” The audience claps and cheers for the teenager choir.
The teenagers slowly move ahead and then stop in the middle of the stage. The teen choir director faces the singers and raises his arms, dropping them down as the voices sing out loud.
On top of the long and wide elevated stage platform, rows of people stand in a particular chorus while singing along or listening to the familiar music. Neap stands to the side and sways side to side, singing with the music also. Each patron continues to sit and sing out loud or sip on a cold beverage enjoying the revival event while praising their thanks to the Lord.
On the ground within the long teenager row, Cinco shuts off his bright flashlight and bumps into his friend Yancy. Yancy clicks off his flashlight with a snigger as the spot light is seen for miles up toward heaven or at least all the way back towards the rear row of patrons. They half-way stand and then sit backwards onto the cheap lawn chairs enjoying the musical part of the Revival Fire event.
At 7:33 pm, on the country road, Flamingo races his sports car from his home toward the blazing bonfire at the church grounds and slams down on the set of brake pads, sliding in the wet grass and halts the vehicle over the dirt with an evil laugh. He opens the door and slides out, standing in the grass, viewing the new scene.
A blazing red, blue, and yellow bonfire lights the dark sky and is located on one side of the center platform. A row of shiny musician instruments with an individual musician sits in a chair on the opposite side of the center stage. Brother Neap stands on the edge and clasp with a smile while staring at the last musical chorus of the night.
Flamingo dashes ahead and scans the thick throng of church people searching for Violet, moving toward the center platform and then halts with a gasp.
On top of the center platform stage in glowing yellow tinted wooden planks, Breck sits on top of a short stool and holds his guitar in front of his chest. Violet sits on top of a short stool and parks beside Breck, shifting each hand on the collar bone on each three-year-old child. She also teaches the three-year-old class of children during the Sunday school session before the preaching.
Breck slowly strums the guitar and hums out loud with a smile, starting the musical song, singing into the microphone. “He’s got the whole world in his hands. Go, Violet!”
She sings with a smile into the microphone. “He’s got a little bitty baby in his hands.”
Breck, Violet, and each child sing out loud into the microphone. “He’s got the whole world in his hands.”
Breck sings solo into the microphone while strumming the guitar, “He’s got a mommy and a daddy in his hands.”
Breck, Violet, and each child sing out loud. “He’s got the whole world in his hands.”
She sings solo with a smile. “He’s got a brother and sister in his hands.”
Breck, Violet, and each child sing out loud. “He’s got the whole world in his hands.”
Breck sings solo, “He’s got you and me, baby, in his hands.”
Breck, Violet, and each child sing out loud. “He’s got the whole world in his hands.”
Breck smiles with a nod, “Again!”
Breck, Violet, and each child sing out loud. “He’s got you and me, baby, in his hands. He’s got the whole world in his hands.”
Violet lifts her arms in the air with a smile and then leans over, hugging Breck. “We did it!”
“Right, babe!” He smiles with a nod and strums the guitar for fun.
The children sing out loud. “He’s got the whole world in his hands.”
Breck shouts out loud and tosses an arm in the air. “Amen!” He slowly stands and swings the guitar across his back spine, leaning down, assisting Violet to stand. Each three-year-old child dashes ahead toward the edge of the platform and races to their parent for a loving hug.
On top of the stage, Violet stands and shines between both of Breck’s biceps. They continued to hug each other’s body together. She leans over and kisses his cheekbone, pulling back with a smile, facing the audience. The parked patrons sound with a set of loud clap and voice cheer for the singing duo of Breck and Violet. Breck and Violet continue to huddle in place with a smile and bows down again, standing upright with a wave at the clapping audience. The parked patrons continue to hoot, clap, and cheer for the singing duo of Breck and Violet.
Brother Neap scoots over the smooth stage and claps with one hand, speaking into the microphone. “Thank you! That was very nice, Breck and Violet and the children’s quartet. Please move off the stage now!”
Breck escorts Violet toward the edge of the wooden planks, moving down each step with her, landing down on top of the dirt. They bump heads and whisper a set of soft words to each other. Breck pulls off the guitar and leans it against the wooden planks, moving ahead with Violet toward the darkness.
On top of the wet grass, underneath the full yellow tinted moonlight, Flamingo stands in awe and softly curses his disapproval, watching both Violet and Breck.
On top of the center stage, Neap nods with a smile. “Let us pray now! Bow your head in prayer.”
Each patron stops clapping and bows a chin in prayer. Neap bows his chin and speaks into the microphone.  “Thank you for our many blessings for the blessed…”
Flamingo feels both emotionally disappointed and dispassionate. His ambition of perfection has forced his girl into another man’s arms, which is his brother Breck’s biceps. Flamingo has placed duty of whatever over his great love for Violet. She truly looks and sounds happy while singing and leaning into the body on Breck. And Breck truly has made her happy over the past four days also. Flamingo exhales and then inhales with pain, disappointment, and sadness while back stepping from the set of noisy and annoying claps from all happy people here at the Revival Fire finale. He had not missed a beat working on his presentation for college and without his girl.
On top of the wet grass, Flamingo spins around from the stage and Violet with disgust and angry at his person. He should have been here at the church grounds for Violet and here for the Revival Fire event for his Grandmother McCory. He should have been singing that cute little Christian song and playing the guitar, instead of Breck.
Breck doesn’t just talk about a family life; he shows a true commitment of a family lifetime with Violet. He is the better triplet for the teenager girl Violet as he has shown how much he cares for her.
Flamingo continues to stomp away from the stage platform and move ahead through the wet grass, softly cursing for his eardrums only, staring down at the ground. “Damn it! I should have been here. She’s my girl. And Breck and Violet are not compatible, such like, fire and water. I’m her soul mate. And I have already debated this argument within my psyche. I won the girl, yeah,” he stops and spins around with a sneer, staring at Breck, Violet, and the four children on top of the stage.
On top of the stage platform, Neap looks up with a smile and raises his arm to the audience of patrons, speaking into the microphone. “Here, today, if a lost soul needs to be saved right now, then the lost soul is invited to come up and stand right here with me on top of this fine yellow tinted stage platform as our lovely jazz band plays the familiar musical song of Amazing Grace.”
On cue, the group of jazz band musicians slowly starts to play the musical song Amazing Grace and as each patron begins to sing out loud: Amazing Grace. How sweet the sound. That saved a soul like me…
On top of the wet grass, Flamingo blocks out the wordy invitation from Brother Neap while fighting off his brotherly furious. Breck has stolen his girl Violet. Then, a quick ghost-like motion catches one of his eyeballs. Flamingo halts and the swings around with a gasp.
The ghostly movement within the darkness is Breck and Violet. They cuddle each other with arms and fingers.
On top of the grass, Flamingo ignites in a white fever of jealous, cutting his two eyeballs toward the object. The fellowship hall is a single story structure on the far side of the center stage and away from the patrons which is usually decorated if there is a marriage ceremony, a country dance or a country lunch dinner.
Inside the fellowship hall, on the far west wall away from the floor, the kitchen ovens, and the upright piano, there is a single metal door that hides inside a dark wall corner. The door leads down into an underground shelter which is used for bad weather of thunderstorms and tornados.
On top of the grass, Flamingo gasps in shock at his brother and Violet. “Damn! I can’t give her up,” he narrows his eyelids at the ghostly movement. “What in the fuck are you doing over there with my girl besides pissing me off toward the moonlight, first born triplet Breck?” Down inside the basement setting, there are portal individual stacked bed cots with a plastic bag of white tinted bed linens for a person or a family to stay and sleep through a bad weather pattern of snow, ice or rain or tornados. Flamingo sneers. “Breck is going to…and on church grounds.”
Flamingo can’t vocally speak it much less mentally think it.
Violet is the last virgin in Lacy Springs High School. Breck has managed to con and then fuck all the innocent females that exist within the senior, junior, sophomore and freshman classes.
Flamingo continues to stand and whispers for his eardrums and Almighty God’s too. “Not tonight, either, Breck! It’s time for a babe rescue and then a butt whipping on first triplet Breck by the Middle Child,” he spins around again and then races ahead toward the white pickup truck that belongs to Breck which is parked in the front row of numerous lines of vehicles.
Breck has been present here at the church grounds since Monday morning while sweet-flirting with his dirty hands and his dirty mouth germs on Violet. And Breck keeps his pickup truck unlocked for a quickie rendezvous with a present and able female body, too.
Beside the truck, Flamingo stops and opens the unlocked passenger door, leaning over the seat. He reaches out and grabs the shotgun, slowly removing the weapon, feeling the comfortable weight. The double-barrel break action shotgun is the most straightforward and the safest weapon to be toted around Violet. The gun is used in all shooting competitions. There is one trigger finger and a manual selector to fire the right barrel first into the entire nose profile on Breck’s face.
Beside the truck, Flamingo carefully pulls the shotgun into his chest and back steps from the bench seating, slamming the door shut. He slowly spins around and slightly jogs ahead toward the fellowship hall while breaking open the barrel at its hinge. He physically sees the butt end of two black shotgun shells that are physically loaded down into the gun chamber while snorting with delight. He doesn’t have to bluff his deadly threat at his brother Breck.
On top of the wet grass, he continues to jog ahead and snaps the gun shut. Flamingo doesn’t need to cock the hammer with a racking noise, before pulling the trigger while accidentally announcing his surprisingly intent and his shockingly presence.
At 07:47 pm, inside the Fellowship Hall, the auditorium is currently dark and empty of patrons, wooden tables, and food trays.
Each patron had been serviced a food plate earlier in the afternoon. Then a set of church people quickly cleaned the room and stored the food trays, before attending the musical part of the revival.
Flamingo stops and listens, viewing the darkness through each clean glass window without seeing a cuddled Breck or Violet. He reaches out and opens one of the unlocked doors, entering through the archway and moves across the smooth floor of empty space. He two eyeballs see a side door of metal which is always kept closed, but unlocked for any type of emergency.
Breck knows this information also.
Flamingo reaches out with one hand and touches the knob, slowly opening the metal door which had been used by Breck and Violet. He stands inside an open archway that displays a staircase and leans down, flinging off one flip flop and then the other one without announcing his evil intent and his body presence with the girly flip-flop noise.
Flamingo quickly dashes down each concrete staircase on a pair of bare feet, without sound, and races ahead toward the wall intersection before a dark wide hallway. He holds the shotgun with both of cupped hands while readying for a surprise attack and then stops before the open archway that leads directly into the protective basement space shelter, standing in the dark shadows.
The entranceway into the large square-shaped room holds a wide hallway devoid of bright lighting for safety purposes from a direct hit of a tornado. The interior lighting is provided by built-in batteries during and after a tornado strike. However, Breck has illuminated the switch from the panel console inside the basement setting making the entire shelter space glow like a football field. The shelter contains three feet cinder blocks with solid poured concrete between each block without decoration on each four walls for bodily safety. Rows of sleeping cots line up from floor base toward the ceiling on the front wall.
However, the side wall of dark shadows nicely hides Flamingo’s presence, his gun, and his invisible intent. He closes his eyelids and listens to the faint sounds of a familiar timbre.


§


Inside the well-lighted basement room setting, a familiar voice echoes off each one of the four concrete wall and the loudly drifts out into the outer chamber into the eardrums of Flamingo.
In front of the forward walls that holds rows of folded portal wooden and metal sleeping cots for any weather storm situation, Breck sneers at the familiar but new patron. “Ya know, Dunn, I am not Flamingo.”
On the side solid concrete wall near the open entrance archway, Professor Don Dunn wears a grayish-brown long ponytail and stares with a smirk at first born Breck. Breck cuddles Violet standing at the far side wall in front of the rows of wooden cots. Dunn smiles with a smooth timber. “I know that. You’re the older triplet. The one, that got shitted on, when Robert Earl Balegreen failed his escape plot, without all that money. He had brains, brass, and bronze, just a little bit of damn bad luck, like you.”
Breck gasps. “Me!”
Dunn points his shotgun barrel down at the cold concrete while drooling over lips at pretty Violet. She cuddles and cries a set of tears into the chest on Breck. Breck continues to stares and sneers at Dunn without words. Dunn nods with a smile. “I arrived here in time to see your beautiful singing debut on top of the natural tinted stage platform. Very nice, children! You and her truly belong together. Flamingo couldn’t make it here. I see. He missed the cute song, the cute children, and the cute couple, too bad. He was prepping and preparing for his college presentation oral college dissertation. He did outstanding job too. So, I awarded him thirty-two of the thirty-three college courses, which is almost a perfect score. He still was not happy about not being perfect. And your brother found an ancient Spanish doubloon golden coin within the dirt. Unbelievable! But he always gets a perfect score. Isn’t that right, bro? I don’t come across gifted students like Flamingo, too often. He really is a shining star among a world of dull candles.”
Breck nods. “Flamingo is a better man than both me and you put together, slick.”
He nods with a smile and continues to hold the barrel down toward the floor. “True statement, Breck! But it seems so unfair to me. Flamingo gets to be the lucky one, gets all the brains, gets the nice pretty virgin, and gets to live out his happy after ever fairy tale life, while I feel like you, Breck. We both have been horse shitted on over and over and over again while living with a state of permanent defeat.”
Breck draws his upper body upright with a sour frown and slightly parts from Violet, sneering at Dunn “These are you chosen shitty-ass words, sir. Your set of ugly, weird daydreams do not come close to expressing my feelings for my brother Flamingo. He studies for academic challenges day and night figuring out all the intellectual problems that your one-digit IQ can never comprehend. Flamingo devotes his free time from hard work. And he loves me, our blood-kin family members, and our caring neighbor-folks that you can’t start to appreciate. Flamingo is truly a lucky duck finding his soul mate Violet. She is smart, beautiful, and funny, like him. Both of them are truly are blessed by both me and our Maker. And Flamingo is going to become a brilliant medical physician and might probably discover the cure for cancer or some other life-threatening disease, saving billions of lives…”
“But not one or two right now! Flamingo is not here to save your sorry ass, Breck. I didn’t know his whereabouts, probably mounting the single piece of paper that holds his thirty-two college courses over his bed mattress like a jackass.”
“Fuck you, asshole!”
“I really wanted to see the rolling tears coming out from Flamingo’s crying baby blue eyes, when I had murdered him in cold blood with my double-barrel shotgun. But, alas, I have to settle for a copy-cat who is almost perfect. I am truly sorry for terminating your life form, Violet. You see, Flamingo would eventually get over the dead of triplet-brother, but the dead of a future wife that should have or could have been or would have been will rip his inner guts apart. Therefore, Flamingo will live and never achieve his blessed potential, almost like murder.” 
On the forward wall, Breck hugs Violet into his chest while sneering at Dunn with the shotgun.
On the opposite wall near the open archway, Dunn aims the cold barrel on the shotgun at the chest on Breck. The single shell will destroy his chest cavity while maybe living for thirty minutes, then dying without seeing the last smile on Flamingo or Cinco’s face.
Breck swallows back down the bitter bile of death and then sneers at Dunn. “Why are you doing this evil act to us, sir? Who are you, Mr. Dunn? Are you a crazy kinfolk from that deceased and buried Robert Earl Balegreen?”
He continues to stand and aim the gun at Breck. “I am not your blood-kin. I am not a crazy man. I am not a jealous person. I am tired of being shitted upon by the noble of land.” He releases one hand and reaches down into his pocket, tossing out a small round object into the air. The object falls down and lands with loud clank on top of the concrete floor, spinning on its axis, before stopping flat on top of the floor. Breck looks down and stares at the object with puzzlement.
Dunn smiles, “Your brother Flamingo has found the lost treasure of Native American Yazoo Indian Tribe which is located right behind your butt-hole and inside your mother’s backyard. He and I are the only ones that know of the secret location. And while Flamingo cries and moans over your useless death from an enraged renewed soul, I will be stealing all of the golden coins which are worth 27,000 US dollars apiece. That golden coin comes from the year 1729. That was the eventually year, when the Native American Yazoo Indian Tribe had been wiped off the face of the planet by the French militia and another American Indian tribal. The Yazoo Indian Tribe is similar to the Ancient Egyptians. Except, for a smart ass Yazoo War Princess, who luckily survived and then migrated her animal skins coming out from the state of Mississippi into all the freaking places on Planet Earth, a dry patch of yellow and green weeds here in the tiny cow town of Lacy Springs within in the great US State of Alabama. The Yazoo War Princess married an Italian settler producing four sons, dying, and endowing the secret of the Indian gold within her soul, until a resourceful smart ass become too ambitious, eager to please his College Honor Challenger judge. I had assigned this particular academic project to every single College Honor Challenger for past two decades. I received my useless doctoral in American History, creating a mound of financial debt, living the life of a proud, but poor college professor, catering to a room of young smart asses, such like, Flamingo, who graduate then accomplish miracles, making money. While I continued to teach the same boring academic lectures over and over again without anyone really caring or listening to me. Not one the College Honor Challenge candidates figured out the full story, until Flamingo came along. He was such an ease pawn, who was eager to please, willing learn, and determined to be the best.”
Breck continues to cuddle Violet and as she continues to worry and cry. He sneers at Dunn. “Wrong, again, asshole! Yes, my two brothers will miss my smiling face, but my smart brother Flamingo will not miss killing you dead, buddy. Flamingo might not be a brilliant physician as Almighty God wills, but he will use his brains, brass, and billions to hunt and track your sorry-ass down, dick-head. Then, Flamingo will spit out his mouth salvia down into your distorted face before he blows your black heart out of the chest cavity.”
Dunn slaps the shotgun against his leg and shakes his ponytail with a smile. “You are the dumb triplet! I have killed before an innocent, eager, brilliant genius…”
Violet sobs out loud with the sad news hearing the death newsflash of Flamingo coming from the short stranger who is named Dunn.
Breck gasps in shock and looks down while scanning the golden coin with vivid, happier memories.
On Sunday afternoon, after church service, Flamingo had found one like it inside the dry river bed beside the Lacy Springs Trading Post with his two brothers Breck and Cinco. Flamingo had been happily excited with the unique discovery while proving the legend of the lost American Native Yazoo Tribe and had toted that same gold coin into his College Honor Challenge presentation.
Breck whispers for his eardrums only, “Flamingo…”
“I will kill everyone and everybody to protect my new found golden treasure chest. And I’m afraid that you are done here.” Dunn lifts up the shotgun barrel and aims the gun at Breck first and as Dunn is also a redneck male from a small hunting town, outside of metro city Birmingham.
Inside the wide semi-dark hallway, Flamingo quickly scoots away from the dark wall and stands inside the dull light, flipping up the cold barrel on his personal shotgun, aiming at Dunn and shouts out loud with fright and fury for his brother and his girl Violet. “Naw! You are done, here, Dunn!” He pulls the trigger and fires a shell coming out from the right barrel on the shotgun. The single bullet hits into the eardrum on Dunn and explodes the bone skull into numerous white and red tinted tiny fragments, releasing a flying eyeball and a set of pink fleshy bone fragments coming from the cheekbone.
The upright body on Dunn flies sideways away from the two teens and then violently slams into the forward wall, painting the white concrete in a red body pattern and then his injured and bloody headless body slowly slips down into the dark wall corner in death.
“Flamingo!” On the front wall, Breck shouts out loud in fear and love within a pair of deaf eardrums, coming from the exploded gunshot shell inside the enclosed four, inside the protection shelter. He and Violet squat down and fold their bodies inside the northeastern wall corner while experiencing teenly fear, fright, relief, sorrow, love, and other emotions.
Violet sobs with tears and continuously cries in both fear and relief, cuddling with Breck.
“Breck!” Flamingo shouts out loud in fear and love while experiencing a pair of deaf eardrums from the fired shotgun shell, within his normal hearing range. He swiftly moves ahead and aims the shotgun at the red painted wall while ensuring Dr. Newt Don Dunn is a dead body. He stops and turns with a smile, scanning Breck, who nods with a smile and a face of real tears at his brother Flamingo. Flamingo doesn’t care and as his two matching eye sockets hold the same set of embarrassing wet hot tears, almost perfectly.


 
Saturday October 11th


Warm temperatures with bright stars with yellow moonlight
McCory Cow Ranch location
Belle Parlor Room setting
09:09 pm


AJ wears a pair of faded blue jeans, a red colored short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of red and blue colored cowboy boots. His cropped black tinted hair is covered more in gray hair strands than his natural dark coloring. His face wears a set of dark tinted whiskers between faint rows of dark tinted wrinkles from years of outside activity and performance during his years in the USA military branch. He quickly enters inside the belle parlor room with a smile and motions for each attendee to sit down on top of one of the new furniture pieces. Arie has been decorating again and has selected the hue of different colored pink shades inside the belle parlor room, which represents a southern girl, not a rowdy southern male.
The four room walls display cherry wooden panels with a long row of glass windows on the forward wall during the nighttime hours, without seeing the manicured lawn, the pods of flower garden, and groves of shade trees, only the beams of yellow tinted moonlight and ghostly figures of flying birds and a few floating he-ghosts that guards the two hundred old mansion. 
Just kidding about the he-ghosts!
The gang of he-ghosts and the she-ghosts stay inside the two hundred old cemetery, all day and most nights.
Inside the belle parlor room, entrance wall contains a set of double doors. On each side wall, a few feet from the cherry panels, two pink fabric colored sofas face each other. On each side of every sofa, a pink tinted loveseat stands. In-between the two loveseats, a single sitting chair rests with matching beauty. Each piece of pink tinted girly furniture is occupied with an individual or a group of individuals.
Inside a solid pink-colored, long sofa, Arie sits between her son first born triplet Breck and Middle Child Flamingo, wrapping both of her arms around her two precious triplets babies. Breck types on the keyboard of his personal mobile telephone with a smile. Flamingo stares with a smile at his girlfriend Violet on the side wall in silence.







Yesterday late afternoon, the private jet plane had arrival later than planned at the metro city Birmingham Airport, so Arie and her fiancé AJ had missed almost all of the glorious Revival Fire program, but rushed ahead from their parked pickup truck, sitting down in two empty cheap orange tinted lawn chairs, seeing Breck’s lovely musical performance. Breck played his personal guitar and song with the three-year-old children’s choir along with his high school student friend Violet on top of the center stage.
Arie, AJ, and her other family members had enjoyed the rest of the Revival Fire program not knowing what had taken place inside the protection shelter of the Fellowship Hall, until Cinco had got tomcat curiosity.
As part of the triplet package, the biological connection had possessed some type of earthly, or maybe, heavenly bond with their heavenly angels, the Heavenly Father, the Heavenly son Brother Jesus, and the Holy Spirit. Amen!
During the remaining Revival Fire program, baby triplet brother Cinco had ditched the his stage duty as one of the six flashlight operators, during the last musical song of the evening, where Brother Jeremiah was busy saving the rest of lost lambs within the church flock.
Cinco had performed a bug crawl along the wooden platform while spying on his older brother Breck.
Breck had finished his musical performance and then had purposefully escorted his friend Violet from the stage platform. Breck and Violet had slowly moved down the wooden planks, strolling in the dark towards the Reception Hall building.
The Reception Hall had not been used during the Revival Fire program as the structure space had been too small for 7,000 screaming voices and 14,000 pairs of stomping boots, celebrating the love of life and the grace of the Heavenly Father.
Cinco had known, like his deceptive brother Breck, that the Reception Hall floors was both quiet and dark for swift, fun romantic encounter without the rays of moonlight and hundreds of human eyeballs during the last of the nosy program with singing, shouting, and slapping hands in worship to the Heavenly Father and Son and Holy Spirit. Amen!
Cinco had also rat-tattled on Breck’s secret supper date with Violet on Wednesday evening to his middle brother Flamingo, in which, older, deceptive triplet brother Breck had stolen Violet away from the other revival workers, who had worked together setting up the bonfire pit, fireworks boat platforms, and the stage platforms.
Cinco halted over the wet grass and then slowly stood upright, like a man, walking parallel against the second wooden stage and the flaming heated bonfire, following behind the back spine on the cuddled pair of Breck and Violet, who moved in the dark like a four-legged monster, since their two bodies had been glued at the hip bone. 
Then Cinco had stopped with a gasp in the dark shadows of the night and spotted the quick movement. His brother Flamingo quickly shuffled over the wet grass ahead on Cinco's side. Cinco had laughed his ass off with the humorous teenly sight.
Middle Child, angry triplet brother Flamingo had been toting Breck’s shotgun from Breck's pickup truck, in his shooting  arm, strutting directly ahead towards the Reception Hall building also and then entered the structure in stealth mode. Flamingo had arrived, just in time, to view Breck and Violet singing their cute musical song and playfully flirting together on top of the center stage platform, during the cute children’s choir performance.
Cinco had back stepped and then parked his ass beside a flower garden of wild roses, sitting down on top of one of the wooden benches for the elder patrons, who liked to sit and chat about old times around Lacy Springs, during each food picnic here at the church ground. He had watched and waited for Breck to emerge with a pair of two bloody nostrils and a single black eye socket while running like a chicken shit from Flamingo’s first, maybe second exploding shotgun shell. Cinco wiggled down into the hard wooden bench and loudly snorted with amusement at the future upcoming teenly visual event.
However, after eight solid minutes of wasted time on top of the hard bench, a pair of misplaced Breck and Flamingo had not appeared from the building. Cinco had become stomach-worried that Flamingo had purposefully shot Breck in the leg inside the Reception Hall. Then, the triplet brothers would be experiencing some serious damnation trouble coming from their mother, their future step-father AJ, their Grandmother McCory, their preacher Brother Jeremiah, and their friend sheriff Tommy Lee at the revival church location.
So, Cinco had stood upright from the hard bench seat and cussed like a sailor at both Flamingo and Breck for spoiling the last few minutes of their grandmother's glory and then marched his angry body towards the Reception Hall building. He had slammed open the unlocked door and stood inside the open archway, not seeing a teen but smelling with his pair of inflamed nostrils the scent of ignited gun powder dust.
Cinco had growled in angry and then quickly followed the smell, like a bloodhound dog, prancing down the thirteen concrete steps towards the protection shelter, where people came when bad weather was coming for the house, the farm, and the animals. He had danced his tallness around the wall corner and to the right side, sliding to a halt inside a semi-dark hallway. 
His two eyeballs had stared and his mouth had gasped in horror, viewing a folded bloody body of a male, who was clearly dead and clearly shot with a shotgun barrel inside the left eardrum, exploding pieces of pink tissue, white bone fragments, and red tinted blood proteins over the dead man broken bone skull and all over the interior walls, the ceiling, and the floor.
Cinco had rushed into the enclosed room feeling both panic and angry and then halts, swinging to the opposite side wall, seeing three folded bodies in the northwestern wall corner. The three bodies had dearly hugged each other like a litter of newborn kittens for warmth, protection, and love. He had swung back and viewed dead unknown male and returned back to see the teen trio while shouting out loud a series of questions.
Breck, Flamingo, and Violet had not been able to communication with coherent vocal words, only occasionally finger pointing at the unknown dead male while continuously sobbing with rolls of wet tears. Each teen had experienced sadness, shock, relief, happiness, and terror while still resting all over each other’s body parts. The shotgun had resting quietly and peaceful on the top floor near Flamingo’s nasty flip-flop.
Cinco had shaken his curls with a worried brow and slowly back stepped from the trio of shell-shocked, deaf, upset teenagers, swiftly spinning around to face the archway, racing ahead and left the basement shelter to find his mother Arie, his future step-father AJ, his Grandmother McCory, and his friend and local sheriff Tommy Lee while updating the adults with the terrible news.


Back into the belle parlor room, Arie exhales with worry and then relief that her two babies continue to breath their teenly lives while praying thanks to the Heavenly Father, the Heavenly Son, the Holy Spirit, and all of her heavenly angels, still holding the fit waistline on each teen.
Breck continues to type on the tiny keyboard of his mobile telephone while texting to his friend Doyle in silence.
Flamingo continues to smile and stares down at the red-tinted hair roots on his girl Violet, patting each pocket, searching for his mobile telephone.
Beside Arie’s long sofa, on top of a hot pink colored flowered loveseat, her parents Jarvis and Reese Dunlap cuddle together while softly whispering about the last deadly event from last night.
On the opposite side of Arie’s sofa, on top of a second sofa in pink and white tinted vertical stripes, Cinco cuddles with his girl Babbie while whispering in secret words with smiles.
Beside Cinco’s sofa, a pink striped loveseat holds her sister Aurora and husband Moe sitting slightly apart and continued to type on the tiny keyboard with their individual mobile telephone while texting information to their friends.
Beside Aurora’s loveseat, a second loveseat in pink solid background with white dots, Iredell McCory leans into the soft cushions and types on the tiny keyboard while texting a message on her personal mobile telephone with all of her elderly friends, before they die off.
Inside a solid pink sitting chair beside the loveseat with Reese and Jarvis, eighteen year old Violet has been invited to the McCory family meeting and the delicious evening meal. She continues to fidget side to side with intrigue about the family pow-wow in silence, holding her personal mobile telephone, texting to each one of her friends with excitement of last night.
AJ stops and stands behind a second, solid pink-tinted, sitting chair, thumbing back over a collar bone with a smile. “Hello! Hi! Welcome to the McCory family pow-wow, every person!”
“Berrington!” Flamingo looks up and smiles to AJ.
Breck looks up and smiles to AJ, “Gage!”
“Mangrove!” Cinco looks up from the face on Babbie and laughs out loud, nodding to AJ.
“And, ladies and gentlemen, the answer is Sawyer,” AJ laughs at each male teen.
“Naw!” Flamingo frowns at AJ.
AJ waves both of his arms in the air and then slaps them down onto the back rest on the pink tinted sitting chair, “All right! We are gathered here by the request from the Lacy Springs sheriff’s office. Everyone, I do believe knows our local law enforcement authority, Sheriff Tommy Lee!”
On cue, Tommy Lee enters into the parlor room with a stern face, stops, and stands beside AJ, staring at each person in silence.
AJ slaps the back rest on the pink chair with a laugh. “Have a seat, here, Tommy Lee!” He back steps with a smile and sits down inside a lonely loveseat in geometric pink tinted patterns, which is next to Arie’s sofa, staring at Tommy Lee.
Tommy Lee looks down at the pink chair and laughs out loud, looking up with grin to see each face. “I will stand. Thank you, kindly, AJ!” He exhales with a nod. “I would like each one of us to understand that a crime had been committed last night there at the church grounds inside the bloody basement.”
Flamingo tenses with worry. He had murdered a man with his shotgun.
Breck gasps in shock and turns to see the white colored face on his brother Flamingo. Last night, on church grounds, angry and pissed off Flamingo had come looking for his brother Breck and his girlfriend Violet, toting a loaded shotgun, finding a man, who had verbally threatened to murder his brother and his girlfriend in cold-blood without a defensive weapon or a bodily protection down inside the basement.
Violet looks up from the tiny screen on her mobile telephone and gasps in shock at Tommy Lee. She had been one of the two victims of that kidnapping and bodily threatened crime by Don Dunn inside that church’s basement.
The other family members stare with a worried brow at Tommy Lee in silence.
Tommy Lee nods with a stern face. “The crime of killing another individual is very serious here in Lacy Springs and throughout the USA. Last night, I had to conduct a police investigation and identify the victim and the other parties who had been involved in that bloody crime. Now, I am here to proclaim an innocent verdict for Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth who is my friend also and who is nicknamed Flamingo. He had used his shotgun and his brains eliminating a foolish, mature, and crazy male that had tried to cold-blooded murder his brother Breck and his girlfriend Violet, last night, inside the church’s basement. Flamingo, Breck, and Violet had left the church inside an individual medical ambulance for the emergency room at the local Lacy Springs medical hospital which is standard police procedure for any injured or traumatic teenager here in the cow town of Lacy Springs. After that terrible and tragic event, I, personally, rode with Flamingo inside the medical ambulance and recorded his vocal story with my police mobile telephone that had occurred down inside the church’s basement. Two of my Lacy Springs deputies rode and accompanied Breck and Violet while recording their individual stories with their police mobile telephone also that had occurred last night down inside the church’s basement with the newly deceased Burn U college professor Don Dunn. Each high school teenager had provided a complete and matching story from last night at the Fall Church Revival. I am so sorry that Professor Dunn had not been identified to us or you, before this terrible deadly deed. I have called some of the local law enforcement officers throughout the land of Bama. One law enforcement officers had a cold case, where a deceased seventeen-year-old teenager had mysteriously died by a gunshot wound on his body coming from a couple of years ago. There had not been a single lead or a solo clue. But, now, I have sent in all of our police officer evidence to my fellow police officer unit. Hopefully, that deceased teenager’s cold case will become rapidly solved for that police department. Then his set of parents can start to mend their aching heart,” he slaps the back rest on the chair with a smile. “Well, that’s it for me. However, I need to sternly warn here that only a handful of loyal and devoted Lacy Springs citizens know the real terrible, bloody story that took place last night. Here, in Lacy Springs, we are a peaceful community. I have the right to withhold police information, in which, I see the information as unfit for any and all younger citizens that live here at Lacy Springs. And the terrible crime had occurred on church private property which is also under Alabama state law. The shotgun has been documented and released. You can come by and collect the weapon at any time, Flamingo. Now, I’m not supposed to say stuff like this. But I’m going to anyways. I wanna thank you, Flamingo. You have eliminated a killer which is one less bad guy that I gotta find and track down.”
“Do not comment, Flamingo!” Iredell turns and frowns at her troublesome grandson.
Flamingo nods with a stern face in silence to Iredell and then AJ. Arie tightens her arm around her son with worry and relief while silently praying with the good outcome for the three teens.
Tommy Lee continues to stand behind the pink sitting chair and nods to each face in silence, back stepping with a stern face, spinning around and exits the house.
AJ leaps up from the loveseat cushions and quickly follows the back spine on Tommy Lee, disappearing from the belle parlor room.
The rest of the relatives engage in whispers of casual conversation about the currents news. Some relatives start to stand upright.
From the open archway, AJ quickly returns back into the belle parlor room and waves both arms in the air with a smile. “Wait! Hold on! We are not finished here with the family pow-wow for the evening hour. Everyone, this is Professor Netier Baffin from Burn U.”
A tall and plump unknown adult male enters into the parole room and wears a pair of tan trousers, a dark brown short-sleeved shirt without a necktie, and a pair of brown tinted loafers. He displays a clean face, a tone of pale skin, and a head of shoulder length grayish-brown hair, stopping and slides down into the solid pink chair, wearing a smile to each person. “Good evening! Thank you for the nice introduction, AJ. But, please, there is no need for a formality here. Since, I’m any old boyfriend of Reese actually.”
Reese continues to sit with her husband Jarvis and turns slightly pink tinted with embarrassment, shoving both hands into her wide smile. “Netier, stop that! I’m happily married woman for years now.”
Jarvis leans over the floor space and smiles at the older man. “Baffin, I’m calling you out for a fair fist fight over my girl,” he sits back with a grin and turns, winking at Flamingo. Breck and Flamingo gasp in shock and then laugh with the rest of the individuals.
Baffin continues to sit inside the chair nods with a laugh at Jarvis. “Well, in that case, I’ll make my statement very brief, since I have other non-violent appointments to keep,” he laughs with the others again.
Reese drops her hand down into her lap with a smile. “Take your time, Netier.”
Baffin nods to Reese and then turns, staring at each unfamiliar face. “Thank you, Reese. My father had worked as a crop farmer, so I had not really wanted to pursue an outdoor career, like my father. I had wanted to attend college and then I had graduated with a college degree while becoming a college professor. Professor Don Dunn and I are old doctoral professors, not actually good buddies. We had both graduated from Burn U. AJ had went into the military of fighting while I had selected the academic world of learning. Professor Don Dunn had been a longtime colleague at Burn U. I teach the subject of economics. And I hope to see each one of you in my classroom at Burn U too. Professor Dunn was a very good professor of history, specifically American. He told me. His great grandfather had built a trading post on State Road 36 here in Lacy Springs. Of course, as a working college professor with my job and interests, I had never confirmed or verified Dunn’s shared family information. Professor Dunn had possessed or been obsessed with that single true golden coin. I saw the golden coin many times on his office desk,” he lifts up and holds a golden coin near his stern face. “I had taken this golden coin off his office desk during the Lacy Springs police investigation while bringing it here for show. Now, I understand that you possess a second golden coin. May I see your golden coin, son?”
“Here ya’ll go, Professor Baffin!” Flamingo removes the golden coin from his pocket and lifts it near his stern face, passing it down the sofa cushions to his mother Arie. Arie supplies the coin to AJ, who hands the item to Baffin.
Flamingo points at the golden coin with a nod, “We, three dug up that golden coin from a dry river bed which was located beyond the land property at the ancient Lacy Springs trading post.”
Baffin stares down and compares the two golden coins with a gasp. “This is simply incredibly,” He lifts up and displays both coins in-between his smile, turning to see Flamingo and then Reese. “The Native American Yazoo Indian tribal gold is all true and buried. You have found the lost Yazoo Indian tribe treasure chest, son. Reese, are you digging up the golden goods from the land?”
Reese smiles at Baffin. “I have talked with a number of my old friends here in Lacy Springs. And we have not discussed that aspect of the ripping off Mother Nature. We are farmers first. We live and love our land second.”
Baffin nods with a smile to Reese. “Burn U has drafted me as the official spoken person. I guess. But the University wants to showcase an exhibition on the Native American Yazoo Indian tribe that had lived and thrived here within the land property in Alabama. The lost Native American Yazoo Indian tribe was very much similar to the completed vanished powerful and popular Ancient Egyptians from Ancient Egypt and the mighty and mysterious Mayans from the county of Mexico. Each ancient civilization is lost and gone, but not forgotten. Historians, especially, the researchers here in Alabama, believe that the Native American Yazoo Indian tribe had original come from the colonial of South Carolina and they had been forced to migrate all the way across each fertile and unplowed crop fields to present day US State Mississippi, moving away from the early settlers that included the English, Spaniards, and French men, women, and children. Then, in one night, in one bloody fight, the Native American Yazoo Indian tribe had been wiped clean from the planet, including their numerous hidden caskets of golden coins. They had exhibited both power and sophistication within their Indian civilization. I read your research paper, Breck Freehurst McCory, the…”
“Flamingo! Everyone calls me by the name of Flamingo, sir.” He slaps his chest with a nod.
Baffin nods with a smile. “Flamingo, you have produced an excellent research paper with a set of excellent references and more impressive an authentic background with detailed descriptions of locations, events, and physical evidence. Your coin is a piece of real gold. Both of the two golden coins come from the same batch of buried gold bags from the Native American Yazoo Indian tribe that lived there in the US State of Mississippi during the 1700s. And the golden coins are authentic set of Spanish golden coins also.”
Cinco nods with a smile. “Wow! That’s great, Flamingo. That coin is a real piece of Spanish gold.”
Baffin drops the two coins down into his lap and nods to each person. “Yes, the two coins are real. No, Professor Dunn had not followed Flamingo’s scientific and academic research paper that I hold in my hands. But I had been required to rummage through all of Dr. Dunn’s academic papers and research notebooks, looking for a silly explanation of plain old fashion greed for Burn U. I had compared Flamingo’s findings to Dr. Dunn’s set of work papers which had not been precise. So, I am still confused here, Flamingo. There must’ve been a single step that you had utilized for finding the lost Yazoo Indian tribe, where Dr. Dunn’s research procedure had lacked.”
“Coonie!” Cinco slaps his chest and laughs out loud with his brothers Breck and Flamingo. The rest of the adults and Violet frowns in silence puzzlement.
Breck points at Cinco with a nod and a smile. “Our coonhound dog is named Coonie by his master Cinco. That boy likes to spell with the letter of C for some dang reason…”
“Cuddle, cute, kitty, crap…” Cinco laughs out loud with a nod.
“Thank you, Cinco.” Arie turns and frowns at Cinco.
Cinco is busting to tell the fairy tale and says with a smile. “Coonie, he had sniffed and then tracked one of the hard petrified horse turds that had been left around the treasure hole, when the Yazoo War Princess buried her secret golden bags.”
Baffin turns and nods with a smile to Reese. “That is absolutely humorous! We will not tell that fact in the showcase, Reese.”
Cinco frowns, “Why not? Flamingo, he didn’t…”
“Cinco! Thank you for telling us the real story here, sweetheart,” Arie nods with a fake smile to her trouble-maker son.
Baffin nods with a grin. “Professor Dunn had drawn the same conclusion, years ago. The Yazoo War Princess had known the original location of the golden coins and then slipped out by horse and wagon with her four strong sons during the sheath of night. She traveled through Alabama and across the present day US State Mississippi, finding her homeland again, and then dug up the golden chest. She had secretly returned back home to her new homeland here in Alabama and then re-dug a new mud hole for her treasure, preserving her Yazoo Indian legend. His great grandfather Dunn had been received a single golden coin for payment of his goods or services. Back then in the year 1700s, a slab of fresh deer meat and a pod of dried animal skins were more valuable rather than the golden coin. To exchange the gold coin into folding money, a settler had to travel over to Birmingham or up to Huntsville which would have been quiet a long journey with a good working mule or plow horse. So, his great, great grandfather Dunn had stored and saved the real golden coin forever. He probably bantered something else there at the Trading Post for food or clothing. A Trading Post had been a very popular and prosperous entity back then in the 1700s. Do you know any more of the tale, Reese?”
Reese shakes her gray curls. “No. I didn’t have any scientific or physical evidence about the Yazoo Native American Indian tribe until the new discovery a few days also by my three grandsons.”
Jarvis leans over and shakes his gray skull with a stern face, pointing at the golden coin in the lap of Baffin. “Well, I guess I should spill the cooking pot of kidney beans here. The Yazoo War Princess had married an Italian immigrant, who had been named Marco du Nucci. Du Nucci wanted to change his Italian name into becoming a new American citizen like the other American citizens. He thought about combining his two sur-names of Du Nucci into Duncee but that sounded really stupid. So, Mr. Du Nucci thought about it some more and finally changed the spelling and the vocal pronunciation of the name to Dunlap.”
Breck turns and gasps in shock, shouting out loud with understanding, “Granddaddy Dunlap!”
“Yup!” Jarvis sits back into the cushion on the loveseat and hugs his wife Reese, nodding with a smile to his three grandsons. “My secret has been stolen, sorta. My great, great grandfather had been named Marco du Nucci and married the Yazoo War Princess. Then, he had changed his sur-name from du Nucci to Dunlap, a slick treat. So, I am the last prince of Yazoo Indian tribe. Too bad, boys! Your natural born Indian princess mother married a Bama commoner. So, ya’ll ain’t no royal prince, now,” he laughs with the others.
Flamingo gasps in shock and then slaps his chest with a laugh. “Well, we are three royal-ass rednecks, which is almost the same noble class, sir. Ain’t that right, royal-ass redneck Breck?”
Breck nods with a smile to each person. “You are definitely correct, my royal-ass redneck brother Flamingo.”
Baffin nods with a smile. “And I have more good news here. Burn U is going to credit Flamingo with finding the Lost Treasure from the Native American Yazoo Indian tribe. Hint! Hint! That’s the unofficial exhibition name that will be displayed inside the historical college museum. And all of the research documents will be displayed for preview inside the Exhibition, including the paper, the map, and the two golden coins. Of course, if I have Flamingo’s verbal permission?”
Flamingo nods with a smile. “Yes sir! You have my verbal permission for the Burn U exhibition.”
Cinco points at Flamingo with a sour frown and a matching tone. “Wait, now! If you credit smart ass Flamingo and his thousand pages of computer generated typed research paper, then you gotta give credit to the smarter of the two mammals, where the smartest one is named Coonie.”
“Shut up, little boy!” Breck laughs.
Baffin nods. “And I have additional good news also. I have, with AJ’s help, negotiated with Burn U to award Flamingo all sixty-two courses from his combination of high school AP classes and the College Honor Challenge course program. When Flamingo arrives on the first of June for his summer academic class session, Flamingo will be a junior college student and ready to start his core classes for a biology college degree. Congratulations, Mr. McCory, the fourth!”
Flamingo nods with a smile at Baffin. “Thank you, kindly, sir!”
Arie reaches over and pats his hand with a smile. “Flamingo, each one of us is so proud of your college achievement.”
Baffin slowly stands upright from the chair with a nod. “Well, this visit has been a pleasure, Reese, and Flamingo, and each honored people here. This is Saturday night. So, I will depart and enjoy the rest of my weekend. I hope to see each one of you, young teens in my economics class, but Flamingo. He has already received college credit for my economics class.” He exits the room and leaves the house, walking with Reese.
Each guest remains seated and nods with a smile to Flamingo while offering a warm congratulation also.
Flamingo continues to sit and smiles with a nod, “And I wanna thank each one of my individual family members. We find ourselves coming out from any dangerous situation and moving into a new delightful one again,” he leans down and opens up the parked cooler on the side of the sofa, pulling a bouquet of red roses and a box of chocolate candy. He stands upright from the sofa with a smile and nods to each family member, turning to face Violet. He slowly moves ahead with a grin. “Violet, you and I are only two students in high school as two teenagers, who didn’t understand but wanna conquer the world. However, I am finding that I am becoming an adult man really quickly now. And I wanna say, I love you, Violet,” he kneels down on one kneecap and presents her bouquet of flowers and the box of chocolates, reaching down into his pocket, pulling out a diamond ring with three carets. He holds the ring near his smile. “And I wanna ask to you. Will you be my future bride and marry me on that day, after I graduate from Bam U medical school? I know that will be six long years from now, but I wanna get my words straight and my heart filled with your sweet love, right now.” He slips the diamond ring over her hand with a nod. “What is your answer, Violet?”
She continues to sit and gasps in shock, looking down at the diamond ring and then looks up with a smile to see Flamingo. “My answer is yes.”
Flamingo wipes his brow with a smile. “Good! I was worried there for a minute, after I had placed the ring on her finger,” he laughs and then leans over, kissing her face, pulling back with a wink and a smile. He stands upright and sits with her inside the wide sitting chair.
“Well, that’s not the only great announcement, here, tonight, either,” Cinco slides down from the sofa and slips down over the floor.
“Here! Catch it, Cinco!” Breck reaches down into the depths of the cooler on his side of the sofa and pulls out a red colored rose bouquet also, tossing the flowers across the room.
“Smooth move, Breck!” AJ shakes his skull and laughs out loud.
Breck turns and winks at AJ. “Thanks, kindly, AJ!”
On top of the floor, in front of the sofa, Cinco turns and catches the flying bouquet of red roses, twisting around with a laugh, presenting the flowers to his girl Babbie with a smile.
Baddie accepts the bouquet with a chuckle and a smile. She is used to Cinco usual teenly male habits and loves every one of them.
Cinco reaches down and pulls out a three-caret diamond ring from his jeans pocket, presenting the item to her with a smile. “My girl Babbie and I fell in love in the fourth grade at Lacy Springs Elementary school on the playground while I was trying to tie her two long black colored hair braids to that dang tree limb. She has always been a tall and skinny girl. She reached up and jerked down that damn dried tree limb and hit me over the hard head with the dead branch, breaking the limb, bleeding my forehead. I hit the ground and saw stars, love stars,” he laughs with the others.
“All true there! All truth here! I hit him so dang hard with that tree limb that he saw the light.” Babbie looks up with a laugh and nods with a smile to each face, returning back to see Cinco. “But I still love him.”
Cinco nods to her. “And I fell in love with Babbie that day as my true badass woman. So, we have been together, since then, and we will be together, foreverly, too. I love only you, Babbie. Will you make my life complete and marry me, Babbie?”
She places the flowers on the sofa and extends her left arm toward Cinco, wiggling the left hand with a smile. “Yes, I love only you, Cinco. Yes, I will marry you, today or tomorrow or whenever you feel like it, baby.”
He slips the ring over her left finger and cheers out loud, standing upright from the floor, assisting her to stand. He cuddles Babbie and slowly twirls around the room, “Yeehaw! Let’s dance away the rest of the night. Breck, come and do your thing now!”
Breck slips off the sofa and leans down into the open cooler, pulling a bottle of chilled champagne and a tray of fluted champagne glasses for each guest. He slowly stands upright from the floor and moves around the room, pouring out the liquid into a glass for each guest in celebration of the new upcoming additional within the McCory family which will occur many years from now, of course.
AJ leaps up from the loveseat and dashes toward the side wall, selecting a soft and slow-dancing country musical song from the built-in music player. Each guest reaches out and grabs a partner, swaying with the music, slowly sipping on the champagne.
Breck finishes his task of serving each guest and places the empty tray down on the floor, moving ahead with a smile, stops, bows, and stands upright, slow dancing with his Grandmother Iredell.



Two days later…


Monday October 13th


Lacy Springs High school location
Football team practice field setting
05:05 pm
Hot temperatures with bright sunshine


The whistle blows out loud to start the new football play action sequence.
Each offensive line football player touches down with a set of finger tips on top of the manicured grass and a soft growl at the line of defensive players. The quarterback stands in the background and holds both of his hands in a curved formation, shouting out the signaled words, “Hike! Hick! Hick!” The football swiftly sails between the legs on the center football player and lands in the hands on Flamingo.
Cinco quickly stands upright from a folded stance with a sneer and rapidly dashes ahead, slamming his upper body into the opposite football player. Defensive lineman Acton grunts in pain and then falls backward landing on top of the soft grass with a loud grunt.
Cinco bounces up and down in place on top of the grass over a grounded Acton while wildly clapping with the excellent offensive hit, shouting out loud, “Yay! Yeehaw! Yeah, dude!”
The whistle blows out loud which stops the active football play and individual running football players.
The football team physician dashes ahead from the sideline bench seating, stops, and squats down with a stern face beside a grounded Acton, probing the body with a pair of medical fingers, whispering instructions into the sweaty dirty face on football player Acton.
A tall, overweight, red colored skin with a sunburned face, Coach Kraf slowly moves ahead and waves both of his arms in the air at each player with a stern face. “Over here! All players come over here to me!” The coach kneels down on top of the smooth grass that has not been beaten up by the team of players.
On the ground, the football team physician continues to kneel beside Acton and looks up, waving a hand at the team of assistant medical staff members. Each medical staff member dashes ahead from the sideline bench station, stops, and then squats down beside Action. Every pair of hands and strong pair of legs is needed to assist a grounded Acton to stand upright from the field. 
Then Acton leans into the largest male medical assistance while they slowly maneuver the teen football player back to the sports building of red brick to perform a more thorough medical examination.
The physician continues to stand and observes the back spine on Acton, spinning around, examining a pair of trained physician eyeballs on each football player for any limping movement or breathing problems in silence.
On top of the field, every football player scoots around and finally stops kneeling down around the head coach Kraf removing each head gear, exposing a sweaty face and a pair of eardrums. Coach Kraf nods with a smile. “We had a great workout. I’m proud of your individual performance. Before we start our down-warming exercises, this is the final football game from our regular playing football high school season. If we beat Madison High School Horse Turds,” he laughs with the other football players. “If we beat the Madison High School Horse Turds, then we all go to the first playoff game on November, the first. Now, you played and practiced a great game…”
Breck continues to kneel on the grass and turns with a worried brow, staring at the sports building, where each football players changes and cleans a dirty body, before going home. He shouts out loud for each pair of eardrums. “What about our star DL, Acton? He went back to the locker home alone without warming down, Coach Kraf.”
Yancy kneels beside Breck with a smile and leans over, slapping the chest on Breck with a laugh. “Acton, he’s faking it. He doesn’t want to get hurt, before the big game on Friday night. I’d faked it too, if I was the star DL that will receive two football scholarships to Burn U or Bam U, a free ride through my college days,” he laughs with the other players.
“Right!” One of the other football players laughs out loud.
“I heard that one!” A second football player smiles with a chuckle.
“Me, too!” A third football player slaps his chest with a nod.
Coach Kraf smiles to each football player. “Acton is fine. Now, everyone, go home tonight and eat everything on your food plate and your sister’s plate of food,” he laughs with the others. “Everyone, get rested and relaxed this entire week for the last football game of our regular football season. If we don’t win, we don’t go to the first round of football playoffs. So, I need you to be and stay in healthy shape for this football game on Friday night. Get going and slowly job around the field to warm-down your heated muscles.”
The football team medical physician Dr. Slate slowly moves ahead from the middle of the field with a smile and stops, standing on the sideline without returning back to the sports building.
Each football players slowly stands upright from the grass with their helmet and then slowly spreads out, extending both arms sideways with a helmet forming several line longs for the upcoming group exercises. Each player drops down the helmet and starts to jump up and down while singing out loud in unison the familiar Lacy Springs High School football fight song: Snort. Growl. Sneer. Snarl. Roar. That’s the mighty sound of an angry pigeon’s toenails attacking your eyeballs, then your eardrums, and then your inners, fellow. Snort. Growl. Sneer. Snarl. Roar. Don’t count us in. Don’t count us out. Count us to win. Go Lacy Springs High. Go. Hurry. Rush. Win…
The whistle blows out loud indicating the end of the football practice. Each player gathers their football gear and slowly moves ahead toward the concrete blocks on the painted pale blue sports building while sucking down a cool bottle of mineral water.
Flamingo continues to stand at the end of the vanishing line and slowly extends outward both of arms and then slaps his hand against a soft object. He drops both of his arms and turns to see the physician.
The football team medical physician, Dr. Slate stands with a grin at the nose profile on Flamingo. “Flamingo, I was wondering if you are interested in becoming one of my med-clerks.”
Flamingo frowns at the physician. “What is a med-clerk, Dr. Slate?”
He smiles. “It is a shorten term for a medical clerk which is akin to a person that assists the physician and does not possess a medical degree.”
Flamingo leans down and grabs his helmet, standing upright with a stern face, slowly moving across the open field toward the sports building with Slate. He shakes his sweaty hair. “O! I get it now, doc! You want to observe me. I saw you come into the church basement as I was slowly rushed from the building and into the medical ambulance that terrible night.”
Slate slowly moves with Flamingo and shakes his skull with a stern face, staring in the distance. “Yes and no. I am a member of the church like you. Tommy Lee had one of his deputies pull me from the crowd and come down into the church basement, in secret. I am a physician first by the hand of Almighty God. I was there to give my medical opinion of the messy lump of dead human flesh that rested inside the wall corner. Tommy Lee had seen the messy, bloody, pile of physical evidence also. But he wanted a medical opinion too. That is standard police investigative procedure. Tommy Lee knows this police job. And I glad that he does. And I agreed whole-heartedly with Tommy Lee. You did not have any other choice there, but to kill Mr. Dunn on the spot. Mr. Dunn had a shotgun barrel pointed at skull on both Breck and Violet, who both were huddled together against the far wall. If you have identified your person or even uttered a loud sound, Mr. Dunn would have squeezed the trigger on the shotgun. The spread of the shotgun shell materials would have seriously injured both Breck and Violet. If Violet had been tossed away into the wall corner, she would have survived, maybe. Concrete is not a nice ally to the human body. My understanding, she and Breck were upright and huddled together. They both would have suffered some major body damage and then died one after another. You did the correct lifesaving procedure, Flamingo. And Breck and Violet are alive today. While Mr. Dunn is sitting in heavenly pow-wow with Almighty God, Brother Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and Satan. I know how I would vote in that heavenly pow-wow. But that’s not my point here. I have been asked to observe you. And I see that you are performing like an average teenager, Flamingo.”
Flamingo clears a dry throat. “Well, I had a long talk with Almighty God, Brother Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and all of heavenly angels. I do not regret my quick decision. I…I had never taken away a human life. I enjoy hunting animals for food and killed my share, but a human life is…was different. I think that Almighty God and Brother Jesus can understand my brotherly reason and has forgiven me.”
The physician nods. “They have. Tommy Lee has. Your mother has. And I have too. Now, I do have a reason for my nosy inquiry. This is the last football game for the regular school session. I am required to submit a medical report on each football team member, including the head coach and each assistant coach.”
Flamingo frowns. “But should you not examine each football player after the big Friday night football game, doc?”
He nods. “Yes, it does seem to perform in a backward motion. But I am required to perform a clinical examination before and after the final Friday night football game. If this is the last game, then my medical report is complete. However, if LSH wins on Friday night, then I will be conducting a series of examinations each week. The medical data is collected by the state government of Alabama from each middle and high school institution and then studied by medical researchers looking for a head concession and ant other medical abnormality coming from an active football player. I applaud the new medical research work in making a young athletic healthy, wealthy, and wiser. I possess a very good set of working medical staff members also. But I also have learned of your decision to become a medical physician. And I applaud your wise decision. And I have been privileged to read your college research paper on the Yazoo Indian tribe…”
“That…that’s really weird.”
The physician smiled. “No, it is quite normal. If you chose to become a medical physician, then you will learn that your medical opinion is needed and utilized in ways that you cannot image right now. I was asked to read your research paper, identifying any hint of an abnormality or weirdness or strange characteristic. As Mr. Dunn was a really weird or wired or wrong man. We all were afraid that he might have rubbed off some of his weirdness onto one or two of his college candidates. I am happy to report with a negative answer. And I have not found any evidence of a Dunn clone,” he laughs with Flamingo. “As my new med-clerk, you would be assisting me with each H and P on every football player.”
Flamingo smiles with a nod, “Yes sir! I…I would be happy to assist you as a learning med-clerk after each football practice for every football player with an H and P. What is an H and P, sir?”
He smiles. “The letter H is the history of a patient and the letter P represents the medical physical on the same patient. I am required to submit all of my medical paperwork by Thursday evening before six o’clock to the State of Alabama High School Association, before any football teenager can play in a first state-wide high school playoff. The State wants all the football players both healthy and unharmed.”
Flamingo nods numerous times with a wide smile. “Yes sir. I would enjoy accompanying you around the football locker room as you examine each one of my team mates. But can I legally do that in there with them and with you?”
He nods. “You will become my personal non-paid and non-licensed medical clerk, not a physician assistant, after each football practice in the late afternoon. I am allowed to have a non-paid and a non-licensed medical clerk underneath my medical supervision. You will not be touching a bottle of prescribed medications or one of my medical patients. For me, as your new and educational role of a med-clerk, you will conduct for a small group of football players a standard eye examination for seeing, a standard ear examination for hearing, and a chest examination for pain. What do you think of that, Flamingo?”
Flamingo stops and stands in front of the closed metal door at the sports building, saying with a nod and a smile. “Yes sir. I can do that as your new med-clerk. I’m eager to start and I’m ready to begin.”
He smiles, “Excellent, Flamingo! Tomorrow afternoon, a little time, before the end of the football practice, I will come down and grab you, showing you how to operate all of the necessary medical equipment…”
“Wait!” Flamingo gasps in alarm. “I am in football practice for the big game on Friday night until five o’clock. Coach Kraf doesn’t allow anyone to miss a practice session for any reason. I…I am afraid that I cannot assume the role of your new med-clerk.”
He reaches over and slaps the bicep on Flamingo. “I am the football team physician. I have suggested that the Coach take it easy on his team of well-balance and extremely talented young football players. We have a team of healthy players. But, some of the semi-healthy players are recovering from some minor injuries that had been sustained in previous football games. I have already talked to the head coach. You will be excused a few minutes before the end of football practice for the rest of the week up towards Thursday afternoon. I will be there on the field also. Then you and I will come up here and work through the medical equipment.”
Flamingo smiles, “Yes sir! I am very eager to learn and also assist my football team mates into a healthy lifestyle too. Thank you for this great opportunity, sir!”
Slate reaches over and opens the door with a smile, “My pleasure, future medical physician!” The physician enters first and moves ahead to attend to Acton. Flamingo grabs the open door and moves ahead next strolling toward the room of bath showers with a smile of his new duty as he is training to become a future medical physician.


McCory Cow Ranch location
Hot temperatures with dull sunlight and scattered white clouds
Dining room setting
06:48 pm


The family had been served the evening meal inside the dining room as the new tradition with their mother Arie and her fiancé AJ. Breck and Cinco had eaten their individual food meal and then had returned back upstairs into Pig Pen room to study complete their individual homework assignments.
Flamingo stays behind and sits at the dining room table, slowly consuming his plate of food while reading through the textbook. Arie and AJ continue to sit and enjoy the evening meal together like usual also.
At the dining table, the people arrangement has slightly changed, since Arie is engaged to be married. Breck occupies the king’s chair at the head of the table. Arie enjoys sitting next to AJ on the side of the table while whispering about topics or shared information.
On the opposite side of the dining room table, Flamingo still sits beside his younger triplet brother Cinco, which will never change, until Flamingo moves out of the house or dies from an illness or starves without a plate of food or the end of time, which ever occasion comes first.
At this moment, Flamingo does not mind. He continues to slowly eat and reads through one of several stacks of hard copy manual textbooks.
On the opposite side of the table, Arie and AJ slowly talks, without communicating with Flamingo. Flamingo is not the only person that has changed. Arie has changed also.
After two deadly incidents within the McCory family, Arie has tossed away her non-numbered silly house rules for her three biological sons, except for no visitors on a weekday and Flamingo sits beside his younger brother until the end of time or he moves out of the house.
So, Flamingo sits and eats while reading a textbook on top of the dining room table without reprimand.
Arie eats and then swallows the food, turning with a smile and views that nasty backward brown colored baseball cap on her son Flamingo, without making a nasty comment. “Dr. Slate called and told me about the great opportunity for you to work as a med-clerk with him, after each football school practice, this week. I gave my motherly permission, Flamingo.”
“Thanks, Mama!” Flamingo continues to sit and stares down at the medical textbook, slowly eating each food item, chewing with a set of good southern beau manners.
AJ swallows the food and frowns down at the nasty backward brown tinted baseball cap also. “What are you reading, Flamingo?”
Flamingo looks up with a smile and taps on the page inside the book. “This is a medical textbook. I ran by the local library and checked out a ton of medical textbooks, before coming home this afternoon. I wanna be ready for my new role as a med-clerk for Dr. Slate. He quickly stated that as his new med-clerk I would be performing an eye examination and an ear examination and a chest examination on each football play. Whoa! There are one hundred and fifteen high school football players to examine. I’ll be really busy tomorrow after school.”
He frowns. “What about your football practice plays?”
Flamingo slaps his chest with a laugh. “I’m perfect. I never miss tossing the football to the running back. Yancy, he’s a great running back too. He catches everything that I pass and then scores the winning touchdown for the winning game within the winning football team. We make a great pair of winners.”
He laughs. “Well, you’re definitely not acting like an average teenager, but smart ass Flamingo again. We both were a little concerned about your personal experience down inside the church’s basement.”
Flamingo exhales with a stern face. “I know. The physician told me that also. I’m fine. I mean, I had to come to grip with my quick decision and my quicker action. I love my brother and my girl. I…I made the decision based on love…”
“Love is a very important emotion and a very good reason,” Arie nods with a stern face. “You made the only decision, Flamingo. Pride is one of the deadly sins. But I am very elated that you had chosen to save the two lives of your brother Breck and your fiancé Violet.”
“Me, too!” Flamingo nods.
AJ reaches over and pats her hand with a stern face. “Well, enough is the new noun here. Enough has been said and thought about last Friday night. It is gone. Now, let us think about next Friday night. What are you studying inside that overgrown textbook, Flamingo?”
“I’m going to assist with an eye seeing examination on each one of my football mates. I didn’t know this. Your eyeball is a bilateral and spherical organ. The skin is an organ too which is the largest organ on the body. The eyeball allows each person to see people, places, and properties. I made that up. The eyeball lies in a bony cavity within the head bone skeleton which is called the bony orbit. The eyeball is divided into three parts, the fibrous, vascular, and inner layers. Each part holds a different structure and a specific set of functions. A complete eye examination includes pre-testing tests. Each eye test provides data about the health, shape, and size of your two eyeballs. An optometrist looks for developing eye diseases, refractive errors and any other concerns. A visual field test of each eyeball can identify central and peripheral vision problems which can be caused by glaucoma, stoke, and other eye or brain problems. I never thought about the brain cells causing an eyeball issues. This medical stuff is fascinating. Today, modern eye examination use wave-front technology which identifies obscure vision errors that might be corrected by eye surgery or eyeglasses or artificial lenses. And an eye and vision examination is important part in the preventive health care of your eyeballs. Early diagnosis and treatment of an eye or vision problem can prevent vision loss. That’s what I’m doing for my team mates. This is great. I have not thought about what type of medical physician to become. I might become an optometrist.”
“That’s a great idea, sweetheart,” Arie smiles and then eats her food.
Flamingo points down at the book. “This textbook both shows and talks about the colorful picture gallery of eye and vision equipment, such like, a retina camera. A retina camera takes numerous inside pictures on the eyeballs, including the retina. Then there is a binocular indirect ophthalmoscope, a phoropter, a manual keratometer, an auto refractor…”
“Wow. That’s great, Flamingo,” AJ smiles. “What else are you going to be assisting with for Dr. Slate?”
He smiles. “And I get to assist with a hearing ear examination also for each football player. The team has over one hundred guys. I’m going to be really busy for the rest of the week.”
AJ nods. “Will you be conducting the same medical tests on the rest of the football plays on the Friday afternoon also?”
“Naw! The school hosts a pep rally and then the team eats the meal staying there on the campus. We chill and relax and hang loose while texting on our phones or playing on our phones or playing on the row of video machines, thinking about the upcoming nightly football game but not really talking about the upcoming nightly football game. That method works perfectly. We are undefeated going into our last game and readying for the first round of playoffs. But tomorrow, I get to perform my first hearing test.” He reaches over and pats a second colorful manual textbook with a smile. “This is a medical book about the earlobes and eardrums. A medical physician is called an otolaryngologist that studies the ear, nose, and throat. I’m only interested in the ear portion. The ear is an organ also that hears, and in all mammals, it provides balance too. The ear has three parts also like the eyeball. Wow! Almighty God is so consistent,” he laughs with the others and then smiles while continuing to read out loud from the medical textbook. “The outer ear, the middle ear, and the inner ear are the three component of the human ear. The outer ear is the ear canal that each pair of eyeballs always sees and feels and tastes, sometimes,” he laughs.
AJ laughs. “What! What does that statement mean, Flamingo?”
“I do not want to know, Middle Child.” Arie laughs.
Flamingo continues to stare down at the book and read out loud. “The middle ear includes the tympanic cavity and three ossicles. The inner ear sits in the bony labyrinth with more structures of functions which enable balance upright on the body and eye tracking when moving or walking or running or strolling or racing or galloping to the rescue or your sweetie or to class. Wow! This stuff is incredible. The ears and the eyes work together on the single mammal body. And I only thought it was pure ugliness, if you possessed a set of dumbo earlobes.” He laughs with the others. “The utricle and saccule two independent bones enable balance on the mammal when stationary. The cochlea enables hearing for each mammal. Wow! Get this one! On a vertebrate, the ears sit symmetrical on each side of the bone skull which is an arrangement that aids in sound location. Wow! Almighty God is really one smart guy. I always thought the ears were there to be there, not square,” he laughs and continues to read out loud from the textbook. “The ear can be affected by disease, such like, an infection or traumatic damage. A disease of the eardrum or eardrums could lead to hearing loss, tinnitus, and balance disorders, such like, vertigo. A disease of the ear could be affected by damage to the brain or the nerve pathways that lead away from the eardrum. Wow! That is really cool. The ear cannot be damaged without a direct hit but by an indirect hit from the brain cells or the nerves. This stuff is really cool. I might become an ear, nose, and throat medical physician, instead of an optometrist. The human earlobe does not contain cartilage or some type of hard bone material. The earlobe structure contains a large supply of blood flood that warms each ear and maintains balance. The earlobe contains numerous nerve endings which create an erogenous zone for some people, like a teen,” he looks up and winks at AJ.
Arie gasps. “What! I missed the lecture point. What did you say, Flamingo?”
Flamingo laughs out loud and then looks down, reading out loud with a smile. “I will repeat, Mama. An earlobe measures about two centimeters in length, but slightly elongates with age. A pair of earlobes can be classified as either ‘free’ or ‘attached’ in physical appearance which is contributed to one or more genetic DNA matter. Hmm! That means my pair of earlobe is inherited through my parents,” he looks up with a grin and examines his mother’s earlobes. “Mama has a pair of free and unattached earlobes. So, I guess I do also. And AJ has the same designation. So, what would a pair of attached earlobes look like?”
AJ laughs, “The skin is glued directly onto the side of the neck. The person looks kinda like an elf.”
Arie frowns. “There…there’s no such thing as an elf, AJ.”
AJ winks at Flamingo. “Maybe, that’s a true fact. But an attached earlobe looks like the earlobes of an elf.”
Flamingo laughs and then looks down, reading out the medical textbook. “Cultures over the thousands of years have encouraged natives to pierce the lobes or stretch the lobes or fuck around with their pair of earlobes, which is not me and never will be me. Some people also alter their earlobes through surgical for cosmetic reasons, not me again. O! This is interesting. The new modern day research studies have found that the mineral ions of nickel within the Lymphatic chemical system on a human body can cause allergies in female girls. Wow! The study also concluded that these girls with a set of pierced earlobes which once stopped wearing the earrings but did not stop the allergic symptoms. Because, the human immune system remembers the presence of nickel ions in the blood and the lymph nodes of each affected female or male. So, a young girl or guy can still react to metal parts of nickel mineral that is found in clothing, dental braces, cooking pots with nickel components, nickel coins, chocolate, nuts, some vegetables, beer…” he gasps, “Beer! Well, shit out a cow turd! That’d suck, if you’re a young guy, that is allergic to nickel minerals, and then to your cold bottle of beer. And finally, a glass of wine will trigger a nickel allergic.” He looks up and exhales with a stern face. “If I ever have a daughter, she will never, ever get her earlobes pierced based on the newest modern day research study. No! No way! No how!”
Arie elbows AJ with a smirk in silence. This is the first time that her smart ass son has connected his teenly life with a marriage union and an unborn child. Flamingo is growing up fast from a teen into a man and displays his protectiveness over others too.
AJ smiles, “Well, you have covered the ear and earlobe body part on each football player. What else are you be assisting Dr. Slate with, Flamingo?”
Flamingo reaches over and taps on the open page within another hard copy manual medical textbook with a smile and a nod. “Well, I gotta still read and learn about each function of every earlobe medical instruments also. Usually, the patient enters into a sound booth for testing. I didn’t know that the Lacy Springs high school sports building possessed a sound booth for ear testing. Mama, did you know that the Sports Building has a sound booth for a hearing test?”
Arie swallows the food and frowns at her child. “No. I do not believe that LSH has a sound booth for hearing, Flamingo. Usually, a parent or a guardian will take the child or teen to their medical physician for an ear examination. LSH is not a medical center and does not employ any physicians for that medical service.”
Flamingo reaches over and opens a third medical textbook, pointing down at the open page, nodding with a smile to Arie and AJ. “And I’ll assist with an examination of the chest muscles. To accomplish that feat, I must utilize an x-ray machine or a body scanner. An X-ray machine is a machine that involves x-rays...”
“But, an x-ray also involves a set of deadly radiation bursts. I do not want you handling any of that radiation equipment, Flamingo.” Arie frowns.
Flamingo smiles, “But, this is okay, too, Mama. An X-ray machine is used in airports throughout the world which examine people for weapons and foreign objects also. I didn’t know that our high school possessed a body scanner. I guess the medical equipment is located in one of the other side wings inside the sports building. That building has third floors and numerous office rooms and examination rooms. Do you know that too, Mama?”
Arie nods. “Yes, I know the layout of the building. But I do not know about a body scanner. Do you know about a body scanner, AJ?”
AJ swallows the food and frowns. “I do not believe that any USA high school owns an x-ray machine. That medical machine is an expensive piece of equipment for a local high school money budget.”
Flamingo frowns. “Then, how am I to perform an examination of the chest muscles?”
AJ smiles, “I am quite sure that Dr. Slate will explain the use of the x-ray machine tomorrow. What other medical procedures are you assisting with Dr. Slate?”
Flamingo leans over and grabs, dragging a fourth textbook on top of the third one, flipping through the pages and halts. He read out loud with a smile. “I will obtain an H & P document on each football player, well, medical patient. An H & P is basic tool which is used to assess the patient’s comprehensive care from a tiny baby to an elderly adult. The letter H stands for history-taking. The letter P represents the physical examination,” he looks up with a smile. “So, I get to ask each one of my set of medical patients a set of numerous questions.”
AJ frowns. “What kind of medical questions, Flamingo? You are not a Bama licensed physician.”
He nods. “That’s right, AJ. As I quickly read through this textbook, one question asks the location of a medical symptom including location and radiation, intensity, quality, temporal sequence of duration and frequency, alleviating factors, aggravating factor, associated symptoms and functional impairment.”
“Wow! That is quite an extensive list of informational questions. Do you know what each one of these nouns represent, Flamingo?” AJ laughs.
“Uh!” Flamingo gasps.
“You will figure it out, sweetheart.” Arie gently elbows AJ with a smile.
“Uh, yeah!” He smiles.
AJ nods. “Well, I’m impressed with your current school learnings, Flamingo. You have listed numerous medical instruments which are associated with four different types of medical physicians, an ear, nose, and throat medical physician, an optometrist, a radiologist, and an internist of general medicine. Which medical field are you planning to pursue?”
“What!” Flamingo gasps.
AJ smiles, “You wanna be a medical physician. Which medical professions are you interested in pursuing?”
“Uh!” He frowns and then looks down at each open textbook, looking up with a smile to Arie and AJ. “I don’t know. So, I guess I’ll go back and read through each textbook and see if I wanna become a radiologist or an optometrist or an otolaryngologist or an internist of medicine,” he scoots back the chair and leans down, gathering each textbook in his arms, looking up with a smile to see AJ and Arie. “Well, I’m finished my evening meal. I’m going back up into my room and read through each medical textbook. I don’t know which medical profession I wanna become yet, but I can start to eliminate the medical treatments that I don’t like. I’m glad Dr. Slate is assisting me here with my important decision.” He back steps and spins around, strolling from the dining room, moving down the hallway toward his private bedroom.
Arie leans over with a smile into his cheekbone. “Thank you.”
AJ fiddles with the dessert. “I didn’t do much.”
“Yes, you did so do much. You talked with Dr. Slate, didn’t you?”
“I might have seen him around the football field last week.”
“And then you mentioned Flamingo to him.”
He stares out the dining room archway with a stern face. “Yes, I did. Flamingo, he made an adult decision that terminated another human life. That was both brave and scary. He’s a strong kid, but still a kid at the age of eighteen years old. I had joined the US military at the age of eighteen years old out of spite with my parents. My army sergeant was mean and tough and made a man outta of me, coming from a silly teenager. I needed that kick in the ass. However, Flamingo does need a kick in the ass. He needs a shove in the right direction. I don’t want him regretting a split-second decision, where it was the right one and he saved two lives for one. A life is precious, only Almighty God can take that away. But Almighty God also gave mankind the knowledge of bad and evil acts with the intelligence to develop a weapon of mass destruction. Sometime, I don’t understand Almighty God. But I do understand fear, sadness, regret, and pain. When I had talked to Dr. Slate, he had been worried about Flamingo also. So, Dr. Slate came up with the idea of a medical clerk to assist him this week. Slate really does have to report each medical chart on each football player to the Alabama High School Association by the end of the week. Flamingo seemed eager to learn and study about his future endeavor. I just pushed it along…”
“…like a biological father would do for his biological son. Thank you, AJ. I really do appreciate your interaction with my three sons.”
AJ leans over and kisses her cheekbone, pulling back with a smile. “Well, once we are married and I marry the entire clan, we become the entire family. I’m too old for my own children. So, I plan use, abuse, and care for my new three step-sons and their mother, of course.”
Arie leans over and kisses his lips for a long time.



Tuesday October 14th


Lacy Springs High school location
Football team practice field setting
04:40 pm
Hot temperatures with bright sunshine


After the school academic sessions, some students attend the musical band practice like Violet. The squad of cheerleaders gathers and practices their individual football cheers, like Babbie. The team of football players gathers on top of the green tinted football field for the afternoon sweat, blood, and some tears.
The whistle blows out loud to start the new football practice play.
On the football field, Flamingo tosses the football to the running back. The running back is Yancy. He catches the ball and runs toward the two goal posts with Cinco on his ass.
Cinco swiftly races ahead and then leaps from the flat grass, flying through the air with a sneer, landing perfectly at the back spine on Yancy, bringing the shorter teen down onto the hard grass with a set of heavy grunts.
On the other side of the football field, Flamingo stands in place without a quarterback sack-attack as this is not a real football game. He frowns at his brother Cinco for the legal, but dangerous body hit, cupping his hands, shouting out loud. “Cinco, he’s our football player, dick-head! Get off of Yancy, right now, Cinco!”
Near the two goal posts, Cinco rolls around over Yancy with an evil laugh and continues to tumble the shorter player over the soft grass for evil fun.
Doyle and Breck swiftly race ahead from the game play, stop, and then stand over a grounded Cinco, leaning down, grabbing Cinco with a set of four hands. They remove big, tall Cinco off from shorter and skinnier Yancy.
Doyle leans down and helps Yancy to stand with a laugh.
Breck leans over and bad breathes into Cinco’s sweaty face between the metal rows on the football helmet, “Easy, Cinco! This ain’t the real football game. We need Yancy to carry the ball for the touchdown, unless you wanna become a running back next.”
Cinco bounces up and down and claps his hands with excitement of the upcoming game. “I’m pumped and primed. I’m ready for the football game.”
On the ground, the other superstar defense lineman rests on top of the soft grass coming from the last football play. Acton grunts out loud and then slowly stands upright, breathing out body pain.
The whistle blows out loud and stops the play.
On the sideline bench, the football physician jogs ahead over the field, stops, and stands beside the nose profile on Flamingo, saying with a smile. “Flamingo, are you ready to assist me as my new med-clerk?”
Flamingo turns and gasps in shock, “Yes, sir! But I’m still suited up and in practice.”
He nods. “Practice, for you, is going to be cut a little short today. Go on ahead and get showered and changed, while the rest of the team finishes up the workout. Once you get dressed, come out inside the main lobby. Inside the lobby, there are three different long dark hallways. My private office is located on the opposite hallway from the football locker room. I’m the first door on the left side. Please wait there, if I am not present.”
“Yes, sir!” Flamingo removes his helmet and spins around to face the Sports Building, dashing ahead with a smile for his first day as a medical clerk for Dr. Slate. Finally, he disappears into the building.
At 04:55 pm, he showers and changes into his regular attire, a black colored T-shirt with a sentence of vile words, a pair of green, tan, and black camouflage cargo pants, a pair of nasty brown tinted flip-flops, and his ass-backwards green, tan, and black camouflage baseball cap. He struts down the long hallway with a smile, moves through the main lobby, and heads down the opposite hallway. He turns and moves through the first archway, stopping a few feet from the entrance way, seeing the office desk and Dr. Slate. “I’m here and ready, Dr. Slate.”
Slate looks up from an empty office desk and scoots around the object, moving ahead toward Flamingo, holding a white tinted laboratory coat in one hand and a hand-held computer tablet in the other hand. “You are going to assist me in obtaining supplemental historical information from each football player. Take this devise. This is a table computer. You will record all of your accumulated information on the devise screen. This is your laboratory coat from protection of mouth spit and nose snot.”
“What!” Flamingo gasps and reaches out for the coat.
He leans over and slaps the bicep on Flamingo with a wink. “That’s an old physician’s joke. Did it scare ya?”
“It surprised me, sir!”
He nods with a smile. “Well, you must be prepared to be surprised, Flamingo, for the rest of your life. You are graduating from the protective cone of high school, next year. The entire world is filled with both heroes and monsters. Today, you’ll be getting a good lesson in both.”
“What!” Flamingo gasps and slips on the coat.
He moves ahead and strolls down the long hallway with a laugh. “Follow me!” Flamingo spins around and pulls up beside the nose profile on Slate. Slate points down the hallway. “This hallway contains four individual medical examination rooms and our medical equipment. When a football player is injured, he comes here. I assess his pain and his injury. If his injury is severe, he goes by ambulance directly to the local Lacy Springs Medical Center for immediately body and clinical treatment. There are two entrance and exits points on the hallway. One comes from the main lobby. The other exit point is down in the middle of the hallway, before the rooms with all the medical equipment. Now, I have selected randomly a limited number of football players this afternoon as each one wants to get examined and then go home quickly. The selected football players will shower and change for their individual medical examination, standing right here against the wall here at the first examination room. Today, you will be conducting a series of test including an eye examination, a hearing test, an H and P…”
“An H and P is a history-taking and physical examination tool that determines the health or the non-health of the patient, where the physician can diagnose the pain and treat all of the clinic symptoms.” Flamingo nods with a smile.
He smiles, “Very good, Flamingo! I see that you have been studying.”
“Yes sir!”
Slate enters inside the first examination room. The room is painted in bright white without decoration on each wall or a viewing window. In the middle of the room, there is a single metal folding chair in dull green hue for the medical patient.
Flamingo steps into the darkened room with a smile. “This is a dark room. I was here before at the first of the football season.” He halts and stands behind the metal chair scanning the enclosed room. “I don’t understand. Where’s the location of the retina camera? A retina camera takes a picture on the eyeballs, including the retina. Where is the binocular indirect ophthalmoscope, the phoropter, the manual keratometer, the auto refractor, the direct ophthalmoscope…?”
Slate stands beside wall and smiles with a nod, “I’m impressed with your new medical devise information, Flamingo. However, we are not an optometrist office here. We are a sports building for a local high school football team. We are a set of tiny goldfish within a great, big pond. You will be asking each one of your patients to read one of the four eye charts.” He reaches over and flips the light switch, revealing one of the four eye charts on the forward wall. “The forward wall only lights up. The rest of the room remains dark for the eye examination of the medical patient. On the forward wall, the light illuminates one of four different eye charts. In your hands, the computer tablet will indicate which numbered eye chart the medical patient will read out loud while you check his pair of eyeballs, for me. If the football player misses any one item on the first five lines, check the box with the word, no. I will be double-checking that particular medical patient, tomorrow afternoon, after his football practice.”
“I understand, sir!” Flamingo stares at the forward wall with a nod.
“Good! This will complete the eye test for your selected pod of patients.” Slate spins around and exits the room.
Flamingo spins around and follows the back spine on Slate.
Slate moves down to the next open archway and stands inside the door frame. “This is the hearing examination room.”
Flamingo stops and stands beside Slate, laughing with a nod at the interior of the new closed room. “I remember this room too. I placed the pair of ugly orange colored ear phones over my head and then pressed the button on the purple colored flash driver speaker player hearing a set of simply sentences.”
“Yes, this is the hearing test. Inside the purple tinted speaker box, there is a set of single pre-recorded English sentences. Have each patient shout out loud each sentence, after hearing the string of words. Check the box with the word, no, if the sentence was not spoken out loud correctly.”
“Yes sir!” Flamingo nods.
Slater back steps and scoots down the hallway entering inside the third open archway, standing inside the door frame. “And this is one of the smaller examination rooms. Ask each patient to sit on top of the examination table and remove their shirt. On the hand-held computer tablet, after the hearing test, there will appear a series of medical questions. Please, ask each question to the medical patient. Once each question is completed, please ask the patient to remove their shirt,” he hands an object to Flamingo. “Keep this inside your side pocket on the laboratory coat. If you see any type of skin bruise or colored mark on their skin, use this washable orange highlighter and circle the mark on their exposed and naked skin. I am the last person to see the medical patient. I will assess the highlighted mark on their skin and then act accordingly. Do you have any questions, Flamingo?”
“No, sir! I got it. I’m ready.”
“Good! We’re ready for the line of medical patients. You will only work for one hour. You are assigned twenty-five football players for the next three days. Go ahead and let in the first football player. Take him around each room and leave him down inside the examination room. I will come down and finish the medical examination.” Slate spins around and moves back down an empty hallway to prep the next set of football players. 
Flamingo spins around and returns back to the office setting with a smile and wears the white tinted laboratory coat that hangs below his kneecaps, showing a strand of black embroidered printed letters: LSH Medical Team. Each capital letter represents the three words: Lacy Springs High. He stops and leans inside the archway with a smile, nodding to first football player. “Hello! Please follow me and come inside the eye examination, sir.”
“Sir! What in the hell are you doing here, Flamingo?” Doyle stands first in a line of wet and clean football players and wears a sour frown without moving. He is required to report for a physical examination or he cannot play in the game on Friday night. Doyle turns and frowns down at the hair roots on Slate. “What in the fuck is Flamingo doing here?”
The physician sits at the office desk and fiddles with the second computer table for his paid medical assistants. “There is an adult present inside the medical room, Doyle.”
Doyle turns and growls at Flamingo without viewing Slate. “What the fuck is Flamingo doing in here, sir?”
Slate continues to sit at the office desk with a smile and works on the computer table with a chuckle. “Teenage males will never change. That’s close enough for a redneck.”
Doyle frowns at Flamingo. “What in the hell are you doing in here, Flamingo?”
“Curse words are a not allowed inside the wing of the medical department, sir.” Flamingo spins around and marches down the hallway.
Doyle follows and pulls up beside Flamingo.
Flamingo points down the hallway toward at the first open archway with a smile. “I am escorting your ass into the Dark Room. You will be given an eye examination by me. I’m the newest med-clerk, who is assisting Dr. Slate for the next three afternoons.” He stops and stands in front of the doorway, pointing inside the room with a smile.
Doyle exhales with annoyance and enters the Dark Room, laughing out loud. “Well, I can’t see any of the damn walls for my personal eye examination. Does that mean that I’m blind or blank or blue?”
Flamingo enters into the room, stops, and stands beside a single green tinted metal folding chair, which is folded out for sitting. He reaches over and flicks the light switch that activates the far wall with a laugh. “Well, I guess you failed the eye examination test. So, you don’t play football on Friday night.”
“Bull shit from a little calf,” Doyle laughs. He has been here before at the first of the football season. He halts and slides down into the hard folding chair, banging all fingers onto the metal creating a tiny musical song, “All right! Well, I think I can see something on the wall through the semi-darkness from the outside hallway light.”
“Sit your ass down, sir!” Flamingo looks down and silently reads the screen on the computer table with the new information on Doyle.
“I’m sitting down, dumb shit mental clerk.” Doyle continues to sit and laughs out loud. “Where is the direct ophthalmoscope?”
Flamingo gasps in shock and looks up from the screen on the computer tablet, staring down at the black tinted hair roots on Doyle. “What!”
He points to his eyeball. “A direct ophthalmoscope is a hand-held device that is used to examine the interior structure of the two eyeballs, especially the retina. It is a mirror that reflects light into the eyeball and a central hole through which the eye is examined.”
Flamingo frowns, “How do you know what a direct ophthalmoscope does, snot-nose?”
He slaps his chest and stares at the other walls. “I read too. I make good grades too. I don’t have to been in the AP classroom to understand science, Mr. Smart ass non-medical physician,” he laughs.
“Read the illuminated eye chart, Doyle!”
He looks ahead and sees a dark wall. “What illuminated eye chart, dick-head med clerk?”
Flamingo gasps in shock and reaches over, tapping the button. On the wall, a white object brightens in the dark room and displays lines of symbols.
He frowns at the lighted wall. “You did that on purpose.”
“I did nothing on purpose.”
“This is a joke on me.”
“This is not a joke on you.”
“Why did you give me the kiddie eye chart with the colored symbols, Flamingo?”
“What!” Flamingo looks up and turns to see the wall, laughing out loud. “I didn’t give you that particular eye chart,” he looks down at the paper folder and reads out loud. “On your personal medical chart here at the sport building, it says for you to read eye chart number four. The number four is that eye chart. So, read it out loud, Doyle. I don’t have time for your silliness, man. What does the first line show?”
He frowns, “A green dino.”
Flamingo nods without recording anything on the tablet. “What does the second line show?”
“A blue colored square and a yellow baby farm chick.”
“What does the third line show?”
He frowns, “A red standing, not flying fowl, a yellow stationary school bus, and a green pine tree. How many lines do I read?”
Flamingo smiles, “What does the fourth line show?”
“A pink tinted non-hopping bunny rabbit, an orange triangle, and a brown horse, of course,” he laughs.
“What does the fifth line show?”
He frowns. “How many lines do I read?”
“Until I say the word, stop. Have you heard of the word, stop, before?”
He smiles. “A lavender butterfly, a green duck, a red circle, a green diamond, a blue star, a pink flower, a purple house, a red car, a black dog, an orange gator and finally a blue sailboat.”
Flamingo gasps. “What! The fourth line only contains four objects.”
He smiles. “I read the rest of the eye chart. I’m bored and mad and sad and glad. Am I finished here?”
Flamingo tosses his free hand in the air with annoyance and then slaps down the light switch. The forward wall goes dark again. He frowns, “Fine! Fine! You passed your sports eye examination and can play football on Friday night, so far,” he laughs. “Get your ass outta the chair!” He spins around and exits the room, moving down to the next open archway.
Doyle stands with a laugh and scoots around, following behind Flamingo.
At 05:06 pm, inside the hearing room, Flamingo moves into the next lighted room and stands beside the naked wooden table that holds a purple colored box speaker.
Doyle slides down into the green tinted metal chair and looks down with a smile at the flash driver speaker player. “I did…”
Flamingo stares at the earlobes on Doyle with a smile “Are you from the city of Brooklyn?”
He looks up and stares with confusion at Flamingo. “No. I’m not from the city of Brooklyn, which is located in the US State of New York. You know that. I was born and reared here in Lacy Springs, before you. Why are you asking that stupid question?”
“You have a pair of attached earlobes,” Flamingo laughs.
Doyle reaches up and touches his earlobes with confusion, “So, what?”
“I’m trying to figure out where does your pair of ugly and attached earlobes come from besides an elf daddy or mama,” he laughs and points down at his mobile telephone screen. “My geographical chart explains that most ugly and attached earlobes come from the city of Brooklyn within the US State of New York with .92 frequency rate of people that possess a pair of recessive genes for a pair of attached ears. However, if you are not from Brooklyn, New York, then you might be from the international city of Hong Kong, in the foreign country of Japan. All the folks there exhibit a .81 frequency rate of attached earlobes.”
He slaps his hands back down and touches the earphones with a sour frown. “Are you going to test my pair of eardrums or not? Else, I wanna go home, Flamingo.”
Flamingo flips a free hand in the air with a laugh, “Yeah. Yeah. Please, place the set of orange colored ugly ear phones over your two uglier earlobes first. Second, press the green tinted button on the recorder and clearly say out loud each single sentence that you have heard through the ugly pair of ear phones. Continue to talk, until I tap you on the collar bone.”
“Okay!” He reaches down and grabs, wearing the orange colored ear phones with a smile, pressing the button. He hears the first slow-speaking sentence and repeats each word out loud. “I do not live in the country of Russia.”
Flamingo looks down and verifies each vocal sentence on the tablet screen in silence.
“He does not eat French bread.”
Flamingo continues to view the screen in silence.
“She loves her grandmother.”
Flamingo continues to view the screen in silence.
“They love to work.”
Flamingo continues to view the screen in silence.
“We like to travel throughout Europe.”
Flamingo reaches over with a smile and slaps the collar bone on Doyle with a nod.
Doyle removes the ear phones and places them on top of the wooden table, standing upright with a smile, following behind Flamingo in silence. His belly growls for the evening meal.
At 05:10 pm, inside the medical examination room, the four walls are painted in dull olive tone. Inside the third room, the ceiling lamps have brightened the entire space, beaming down on top of a plain, naked, metal examination table. Flamingo moves inside first and points at the table. “Please get onto the table, sir!”
Doyle stands inside the archway and jabs a finger at the table with a sour frown. “I’m not a sir, I’m a teen. That long, hard, naked metal table is too cold for my butt-hole.”
Flamingo reaches over and pats the cold metal with a stern face. “Please, get on top of the table, sir!”
Doyle moves ahead and sits on top of the table with a sour frown, wiggling side to side with a matching tone, “Now, what?”
“Sir, are you experiencing any…?”
“No!” He laughs.
Flamingo exhales. “Sir, please allow me to ask each medical question on my electronic screen from my electronic tablet. If your answer is positive, then you can elaborate a detailed medical response to Dr. Slate.”
“Why are you talking so strangely, Flamingo?”
Flamingo frowns. “Answer the damn question, after I ask the damn question.”
He tosses both palms in the air with a smile, “All right! Yeah. Okay.”
Flamingo looks down and reads the first question from the computer screen on the tablet. “Please, tell me, if you have an elicit history of body pain anywhere on your teenly body?”
He frowns. “What in the hell did you say, Flamingo? What in the shit does that mean? I don’t understand your medical shit.”
“Are you experiencing any type of intense or radiating body pain on your teenly body right now?”
He frowns. “What!”
“Did you feel any painful limb or internal organ after each football practice today?”
He frowns. “Huh!”
Flamingo exhales. “Did you hurt your precious tushie during last football practice today, Doyle?”
He laughs, “Naw!”
Flamingo looks down and marks the screen with a laugh, “Very good, sir! The next question…”
He frowns. “Have many questions are there?”
“Do you take any type of prescribed medications?”
“No.”
“Do you consume any type of alcoholic beverages?”
“Uh! Between me and you, the answer is no,” Doyle laughs.
“Do you consume any type of cigarettes?”
“No.” Doyle frowns. “How many questions are left now?”
“Do you consume any type of illegal substances?”
“No.”
“Do you possess any drug allergies?”
“No.”
“Have you received a medical surgery on any part of your body in the last three months?”
“No.”
“Have your every broken any bone within the last six months?”
No.”
“Do you experience dizziness or vomit or nausea?”
“No.”
“Are you actively involved with intercourse?”
“Of course, so! I mean, of course not, never, not me,” he laughs.
Flamingo asks. “Have you ever had syphilis?”
“No.”
“Have you ever had typhoid fever?”
“No.”
Flamingo reads the next question. “Have you ever had herpes?”
“No.”
“Last question, have you been jailed in the last six months? Have you been cited for speeding driving or drunk driving or a car accident within the last six months?”
“No.”
Flamingo types on the tablet screen with a smile and looks up. “Please, remove your shirt!”
Doyle removes his shirt and continues to sit on top of the examination table. Flamingo does not see any bruises or marks on the exposed and naked skin.
Slate enters the room and closes the door, moving ahead with a smile toward Flamingo and Doyle. “How is the patient doing?”
Flamingo nods to Slate. “Doyle is a healthy teen specimen, sir.”
“Excellent!” Slate stops and whips out the stethoscope, checking the breathing on Doyle, pulling back with a smile. “You’re fine and fit for the game on Friday night. You can leave and go home now, Doyle. Flamingo, hand me your computer tablet, so I can finish processing the last patient. And then please send in the next medical patient in line while you head back down to the lobby and start processing the next patient.”
“Yes sir!” He hands the device to Slate with a smile.
Doyle jumps down from the examination table and slips back on his shirt, dashing toward the door before Flamingo and then stops. He opens the door with a smile and stands in the archway with a laugh, “Goner, your ass is next and be carefully the new med-clerk wants to suck your dick,” he laughs with Goner. Goner enters the room and shoves his shoulder into Flamingo on the way with a sneer.
Flamingo bounces sideways from the teenly attack with a growl and races ahead, reaching out, shoving Doyle through the open archway with a sneer, “You’ll pay that one at football practice tomorrow, buddy!”
Doyle shuffles into the hallway and buttons his shirt, moving down with Flamingo, “Like I ain’t ever heard that bodily threat before, bro. You gotta do better than that, Flamingo,” laughing.
Flamingo moves down the hallway and bounces into Doyle for fun and sneers. “That’s a double negative. Get outta of here, asshole!”
Doyle takes off and races ahead, exiting the medical wing, heading back home for the evening meal.
Inside the hallway, Flamingo races besides Doyle and views a semi-crooked line with the other football players against the opposite wall, where the four other medical assistants are performing their paid medical job. He halts and smiles at Yancy, who leans on the opposite wall in front of the eye examination room. “Yancy, come inside!”
Yancy looks up from the tiny screen on his mobile telephone and stares at Flamingo. “This ain’t no dance rehearsal, man. I’m here for an eye examination from Dr. Slate.”
Flamingo slaps his chest with a smile. “He is busy with another patient. So, I’m the new med-clerk. I’m going to check your eyeballs for Dr. Slate. Get into damn room now, Yancy!” He reaches out and grabs the arm on Yancy, jerking the teen into the darkened room with a smile.
At 05:44 pm, inside the eye examination room, Yancy slowly moves ahead in the room with a stern face and sits down in the metal chair, staring at the forward wall. “I did this before. How did you get this job?”
Flamingo follows behind Yancy and stops, standing beside the chair and next to the wall, reaching over, flipping the light switch. “This is not a job. It’s an adventure. I’m just helping Dr. Slate this week as I am going to become a future medical physician, someday. Read the eye chart, sir!”
Yancy points at the wall with a sour frown. “That’s not an eye chart.”
“It is an illuminated eye chart.
“It’s a number chart.”
Flamingo nods with a grin. “The patient is right. Read the number chart with our eyeballs.”
He smiles, “99.”
Flamingo states, “The second line...”
“825.”
“The third line…”
“4311.
The fourth line…”
“267. WWE. XX0.”
“The fifth line...”
“389. EEW. 00X.”
Flamingo smiles with the perfect score for Yancy, “Excellent job, Yancy! Get your ass up! We go to the next room, the hearing room,” he spins around and exits the room, moving to the hearing room.
Yancy stands and follow behind Flamingo, entering into the hearing room.
At 06:02 pm, inside the hearing examination room, Yancy slides down into the chair and inserts his flash drive into the portal with a smile.
Flamingo stops and stands beside the wooden table with a smile. “Are you part Ainu, Yancy?”
“What is an Ainu?” Yancy flips out his mobile telephone and types on the keyboard, looking at the tiny screen.
“You possess a set of attached earlobes. My chart states that the country of Ainu…”
“The Ainu people are Japanese,” he looks up and frowns at Flamingo. “I’m not Japanese, Flamingo.”
Flamingo laughs. “So, maybe, you are part Scottish.”
Yancy smiles, “Hmm! I was told that my great granddaddy was a Scottish lad.”
Flamingo smiles with a laugh, “I’ll be damned. My chart is correct. There ya go, Yancy! Your pair of attached earlobes comes from your great granddaddy and his Scotland genes.”
He frowns. “What does that mean?”
“Ya got a pair of cute earlobes. Now, place the ear phones over your cute earlobes and read out loud each sentence for my cuter eardrums,” he laughs and watches Yancy.
Yancy places the ear muffs over his earlobes and presses the button, nodding his head with a smile, hearing the words, speaking out loud to Flamingo.



Jetta mumbled her words, riding his penis with her closed eyelashes and a silly grin. “I was sixteen years old. My mother was a nurse and worked at night to make more money for the family. My father came home around three p.m. when I was out of high school. My brother played sports after school. He was trying to get a sport scholarship for college. He was seventeen years old. I changed outta of my school clothes and was listening to music inside my room on top of the messy bed mattress. The door opened. My father stood in the door. He was smiling and very happy.” She giggled with a grin. “Hi, Dad…”
‘Hi, honey. Nice day at school.’ My dad smiled.
‘Yeah.
‘Nice night, last night.’ My dad smiled.
‘Yeah.
‘Slept good?’ My dad smiled.
‘Yeah.
‘I know what you and Josh are doing, honey.’ My dad grinned with a nod.
‘Doing?
‘You and Josh are fucking each other.
“I didn’t answer with a verbal comment.
‘Do you like it?’ My dad nodded with a grin.
“I didn’t answer.
‘I like sex too.’ My dad smiled with a chuckle.
 “I didn’t answer.
‘Your mother works so hard bringing home extra money for all these nice clothes and things for you.’ My dad smiled with a nod.
“I didn’t answer.
‘Your mother is so tired when she gets home from her demanding job. She works such long hours.’ My dad grinned with a nod.
“I didn’t answer.
‘I work long hours too and buy you nice things too. Do you like all the nice things that my money buys for you, honey?’ My dad grinned with a nod.
‘Yeah.
‘Good. I’m glad, honey. I want you to have nice stuff that’s why I work so hard like your mother.’ My dad smiled with a nod.
‘Thanks.
‘But your mother is so tired when she gets into the house. Dog tired too.’ My dad smiled with a nod.
“I didn’t answer.
‘I message her back spine and neck muscles and then she falls asleep like a baby.’ My dad smiled with a nod.
'I didn’t answer.
‘I love your mother. She is a good provider for you and Josh. Do you think so, honey?’ My dad nodded with a smirk.
‘Yeah.
‘I think that your mother would want you to reward me for being a good provider too. Do you think so too?’ My dad nodded with a grin.
‘Yeah.
‘Good. We think alike you and me.’ My dad nodded with a smirk.
‘Yeah.
“My dad shuffled further into my private bedroom, slowly stripping the shirt off his chest, exposing a naked chest of blonde hair and a set of taunt muscles on his arms with a grin and a nod. ‘Honey, I like sex too. Do you like sex?’ He stopped and stood at the foot of her bed mattress with a smirk.
‘Yeah.
‘Josh likes sex. Does he not?’ My dad smirked with a nod.
'Yeah.
'Josh likes to kiss your lips. Does he not?’ My dad licked his lips with a smile. 
‘Yeah.
“My dad moved and sat on the edge of my bed mattress next to my leg, leaning over and hugging my body with his naked chest. Then he leaned down and kissed my lips with his open mouth, pulling back with a grin and a nod while hugging me.
‘Josh likes to kiss your breasts too.’ My dad smiled with a nod.
‘Yeah.
“My dad released our hug and reached down, lifting up my blouse, jerking my bra down to my waist and leaned down and licked each one of my breasts with a drooling tongue.
“I closed my eyelashes as my half-naked body reacted to his tender hand and tongue touch like my brother Josh.
“My dad pulled back with a grin and winked with a smile. ‘Josh likes to kiss your tummy too.
‘Yeah.
“My dad reached and touched the zipper on my blue jeans, slowly peeling the metal down from the fabric with a grunt and a grin.
“And then the top of my pink girly panties appeared.
“My dad reached and touched both my arms, lifting my body upright to stand on top of my bed mattress. He slowly jerked my blue jeans down to my kneecaps and dropped down my panties to my knees too, leaning down and licking my public hair with a wet tongue. He pulled back with a grin, wiping off his salvia with a wink. ‘Josh likes to suck your pussy too.
‘Yeah.
“My dad reached and held her arm, jerking my blue jeans and my girly panties down to my ankles with his free hand as I stepped out of my clothing.
“My dad shoved my clothes to the side, reaching and grabbing both my exposed naked hips with his two hands, steadying my body and leaned down, licking my pubic hair and the outer lips of my vagina with his warm tongue.
“I moaned with lust as my dad felt like my brother Josh, gentle and warm. My blood was getting heated and hot for a round of physical vagina sex as I was rewarding my dad for all the nice things that he purchased from me.
“I parted my legs into a wider stand, standing on top of my bed mattress.
“My dad leaned deeper down into my vagina and used a tongue to penetrate into my wet pussy as my vagina juices started to flow faster down both my legs and into his open mouth. The sweet smell of sex in the air reached my nostrils as I moaned with pleasure.
“My dad tightened his grip on both my bare naked hips, pressing and crawling all his fingers over my skin and touched my shirt. He pulled my shirt over my hair and unclasped my bra from around my waist as the clothing items fell down over the bed covers.
“I stood fully naked on top of my bed mattress.
“My dad grunted with a smirk, wearing a pair of old faded sweat pants, dropping down the pants. He revealed an elongated penis that was bubbling with mucus on the tip of his dick. He ran both his hands up my ankles to the sides of my naked body, to my armpits, and cut over to my breasts, caressing and messaging them rough and firm, pinching my nipples with a chuckle.
“My body shivered with delight and anticipation of the physical sex act with my dad.
“My dad grabbed and cuddled my body from the cool bed and into his warm chest, twirling us around over the floor with a chuckle, dropping my naked feet to the cool tile.
“I grabbed his elongated dick with my hands, massaging up and down.
“My dad chuckled with a grunt and a smirk. ‘Josh likes this too.
‘Yeah.
“The penis of my dad grew longer and wide as he chuckled with a grin, watching her hands over his penis. ‘Josh taught you very well, honey.
“I rubbed his elongated dick up and down with my palm. ‘Yeah.
“My dad looked down at his outstretched dick and my playful hands with a smirk and a nod. ‘Ready, honey?
‘Yeah.’ I closed my eyelashes, since my dad was going to fuck me as his reward for all the nice things that he did for me. He was a good provider for me and my brother Josh.
“My dad lifted my body off the floor by my waist in the air, placing my wet vagina perpendicular to his elongated and engorged penis. His dick stood straight in line for a good sexual penetration. He moved my body side to side as his bouncing dick touched the lips of my vagina. ‘Contact…’ My dad chuckled with a grin, leaning to kiss my lips.
“My dad was strong, holding my elevated body underneath one armpit with a hand and placed the other hand around my waist. He jerked forward, pushing his chest into my breasts as his dick injected into my pussy by one fourth of its full length.
‘Gawd…’ I screamed in pain and pleasure.



Yancy continues to sit and laughs out loud with humor while watching Flamingo.
On top of the floor, in front of the table, Flamingo gasps in shock and points at the ear phones, ripping off the devise with puzzlement, holding with one hand, frowning at Yancy. “What is this? Where did this vile recording come from, Yancy? I have heard these words before, but not in here.”
Yancy reaches out and removes his personal thumb drive from the flash driver speaker player, lifting it near his smile. “This is my personal thumb drive. And this devise is a thumb driver speaker. I slipped the thumb drive inside the slot and pressed the button. My recording spoke to me, only me.”
Flamingo nods with a laugh, “That! That’s brilliant, Yancy. You have passed your hearing test with a set of flying colors,” he replaces the ear phones on top of the wooden table, and spins around with a laugh, marking on the computer screen. “That was slick Yancy. We head to the final room, the examination room now.” He exits the room and shuffles down into the examination room, entering the next room with a smile.
At 05:22 pm, inside the medical examination room, Yancy follows behind Flamingo and sits on top of the naked, metal table, dangling both legs over the edge in silence.
Flamingo stands beside the table and looks down, silently reading through each medical question in the computer tablet. He is taking too long with the set of individual medical questions for his second medical patient.
There are 125 football players that need to be examined. There are four medical staff assistants and one med-clerk which total five medical people to assist Dr. Slate. Each medial person has been assigned 25 patients over a three-day person. So, each patient should take six minutes flat to administrate and finish the series of tests.
However, Flamingo had taken twenty minutes with his childhood friend Doyle and twenty-five minutes with Yancy. 
Flamingo exhales with frustration and reads out loud each question. “Are you experiencing any pain? Do you take any type of medications? Do you smoke cigarettes? Do you drink alcohol? Do you take any type of illegal substances?”
Yancy smiles at the nasty backward baseball cap on Flamingo. “Well, if I was taking any illegal stuff, then I wouldn’t tell an adult, who is not present. And I am not telling you nothing either.”
Flamingo marks down the answer on the electronic computer pad. “Your answer is no. Have your every broken any bone within the last six months? Do you experience dizziness or vomit or nausea…?”
“Only, when I drink too much beer,” he laughs.
“Are you actively involved in intercourse?”
“Of course so, I mean, of course not,” he laughs.
Flamingo asks. “Have you ever had syphilis?”
He laughs, “Sniffles, no.”
“Have you ever had typhoid fever?”
He smiles, “Turkey beef. Yes, I eat it all the time. But it’s called turkey breast.”
Flamingo marks down the answer of no and then states. “Have you ever had herpes?”
He chuckles, “Burpies! No. I don’t get the burpies.”
“Are you experiencing a set of hearing problems, maybe, from that last hit on your physical body?”
He smiles. “I don’t get hit. I’m a running back. I make touchdowns. The answer is no. I do not have any hearing ear problems, Mr. Pretend Medical Doctor.” The door opens and reveals Dr. Slate. Slate enters the examination room and stops on the opposite side of Yancy with a smile in silence. Yancy turns and smiles at Slate. “I’m just having some shitting fun with Flamingo for acting like a doc, when he ain’t.”
Flamingo continues to stand and exhales with frustration. “Last question, have you been jailed in the last six months? Have you been cited for speed driving or drunk driving or a car accident?
Yancy shakes his skull with a smile, “Naw. Every single answer to every single question is naw. Do you understand the word, naw, Flamingo?”
Flamingo types on the computer screen all the answers. “Please, remove your shirt!”
Yancy turns and laughs at Flamingo. “Do you wanna see my dick, too, Flamingo?” He removes his shirt with a chuckle.
Flamingo looks up with a gasp and then sneers at Yancy, “Shirt. Jersey. Tee shirt. I request that your remove your shirt, not your stinky shorts,” he turns and smiles at Slate. “Doc, I think Yancy is having some hearing problems.”
Slate fiddles with the stethoscope and smiles. “I will check his ears, as well as, his heart.” He places the stethoscope over the heart, the lungs, and the stomach on Yancy, pulling back with a nod. “Yancy is in excellent shape. You may leave now.”
“Yes, sir!” Yancy slides off the table with a laugh and exits the room, leaving the door open.
Slate extends a hand for the computer tablet and stares at Flamingo with a stern face. “Flamingo, may I have a word with you!”
Flamingo hands the tablet with a smile. “Shore, Dr. Slate!”
“Please close the door, Flamingo!”
Flamingo gasps. “But the other players are waiting.” Slate flips a hand with a stern face in silence. Flamingo moves ahead and closes the door with a worried brow, swinging around, moving back to Slate in silence
Slate exhales with annoyance and then smiles. “Flamingo, this exercise is to familiarize your person and your active brain with some of the pieces of equipment that a physician uses during his work such like, an H and P tool. One of the skill sets for a physician includes using language that is appropriate for each patient.”
Flamingo nods with a smile. “O! I did that. When the patient curses at me, I curse right back at him,” laughing.
He frowns. “Yes, I heard your words through the speaker.”
“What speaker!”
“The hidden speaker located inside each room.”
“O no!”
He laughs. “O yes! Now, for the next medical patient, I would like for you to use the proper and language appropriate for the male teen, without a single curse word. Use a non-verbal technique, such like, no hitting or slapping on the medical patient also. Obtain each answer to the question in a swift, logical, orderly, and mannerly progression. Better yet. Give the tablet to the medical patient. He can answer each question much more swiftly. That’s why it is an electronic devise like a laptop computer, which all teens like to use and abuse, Flamingo.”
Flamingo nods with a stern face. “Okay! Yes, sir!”
“Now, you can learn to listen to the patient and finish conducting each examination in a swiftly and timely manner. That is all. Do you have any questions?”
Flamingo frowns, “No, sir! I’m sorry. I was just kidding around my friends, instead of doing my medical job. Do you want me to quit today, sir?”
“No, I do not. I want you to learn from your lessons for today, and rest of the tomorrows.” Slate reaches over and pats the bicep on Flamingo with a nod, dropping his hand with a smile. “This is okay. This is why you are here to watch and learn as a future medical physician. Now, you have one patient to process, before it is time for you to go home. Please send in the next medical patient for me. And then run down and grab your last medical patient, administrating all of the medical exams for today, Flamingo.”
“Yes, sir! Yes, sir! I’m moving, sir,” Flamingo dashes ahead toward the door and opens the door, pointing inside the room, “Good afternoon, sir! Please enter into the examination room. Dr. Slate is waiting to examine you, sir. Have a good day, sir,” he dashes down the hallway to the last football player next to the eye examination room. Flamingo will not joke around with the rest of the time.


§


At 05:55 am, inside the medical examination room, Flamingo stands beside the examination table. He had not joked around with any of the other football players and had examined his list of medical patients. The rest of the medical assistants were downloading the information for Dr. Slate. Flamingo was watching Dr. Slate with the medical examination in silence, picking up hints about becoming a medical physician.
The door opens.
Eighteen year old Acton moves inside and walks around the examination table while staring with puzzlement at Flamingo. “What are you doing in here, Flamingo?”
Flamingo stands beside the examination table with a smile and holds the computer tablet. “I’m assisting Dr. Slate with an H and P.”
He laughs. “Is that contagious? I don’t wanna catch anything before the football game on Friday night.”
Flamingo teases his good friend Acton as the other football players are gone from the Sports Building and Dr. Slate is not present also. He slaps the naked metal with a grin. “Get your ass on top of that naked hard metal table, right now, sir!”
“Sir!” Acton laughs. “I like the new manly respect, so I will sit on top of your table,” he sits on the table and dangling both of naked legs, wiggling them back and forth. “What, now?”
Flamingo hands the computer tablet to Action. “Please read and fill out each computer on the tablet, sir.”
He takes the tablet with a grin and presses the button, handing the devise back with a smile to Flamingo.
Flamingo accepts the tablet and gasps in shock. “Wait! What did you do, Acton?”
He smiles. “I pressed the button that marks each question with the answer, no. There’s nothing wrong with me.”
Flamingo stares down at the electronic screen with shock. “Okay. That’s great. That’s good. That’s smart. No one else has done that feat,” laughing. 
He smiles at Flamingo. “Are we done here, doc?”
Flamingo looks up and smiles. “Please remove your shirt for me.”
He frowns. “No!”
Flamingo nods with a smile. “Look! This is the last part of the examination. Then you can go home. You’re my last medical patient. And I wanna go home and eat too.”
He frowns. “No. I will not remove my shirt.”
Slate enters the room and moves ahead, stopping beside Acton with a smile. “It is okay, Acton. We are all heterosexual males in here.”
“I will not remove my shirt in front of him.” Acton frowns at Flamingo.
Flamingo chuckles at his silly friend. “Please, remove your shirt, sir.”
Acton turns and frowns at Slate. “Doc, I would prefer some privacy, sir.”
Slate waves his hand. “It is all right, Action. Take of our shirt.”
Action closes his eyelids and removes his shirt, exposing his naked chest. Slate gasps in shock with Flamingo, reaching over, shoving Flamingo from the room. “Leave, right now, Flamingo! Go home! Close the door on your way out!”
Flamingo places the computer tablet on top of the examination table and slowly moves backward while staring at Acton, exiting the examination room. He closes the door and stands in front of the door with worry without hearing the quiet conversation behind the metal.
He spins around with a sour frown and dashes back the hallway while softly cursing underneath his breath.
The hallway is clear of people and gear. The rest of the assigned football players have left the school campus for their home. 
He enters the physician office and gathers his personal backpack, exiting the room, standing inside an empty hallway. Acton is still meeting with Slate. Flamingo moves ahead and exits the building.
Outside in the heated afternoon, on top of the vanilla colored sidewalk between the gymnasium building and the Sports Building with the flood lights on his shadow, Flamingo paces outside near the side entrance door on the school gymnasium. He does not want anyone to see and question him about hanging around the school campus after darkness and his football practice. He slowly twirls on a circle with worry about his friend.
At 06:01 pm, the side door on the gymnasium opens.
Acton marches out the same side door with a stern face and his personal backpack and swiftly moves down the same sideway, strutting toward an empty parking lot in silence.
Flamingo spins around with a gasp and views the back spine on Acton, dashing ahead, pulling up beside his friend Acton. He fakes a smile at the nose profile on Acton, “Hey, Acton! Are you okay, buddy?”
“Fine,” He quickly moves ahead with a stern face.
Flamingo chases after Acton. “Hey! Can I…I take you back home tonight?”
Acton stares ahead and moves on top of the parking lot, while watching for the rolling vehicle, “Get a ride.”
Among the field of bright flood lights around the parking lot, a rusty, beaten pickup truck in dull red color performs a slow putt-putt away toward the sports building, onto the smooth road pavement, and then stops. Acton slowly strolls around the rear bumper and enters on the passenger side, sliding down into the cab without viewing Flamingo.
Flamingo stops on top of the parking lot pavement and exhales with worry and frustration. Then he hears the footfalls. He spins around and sees Slate, dashing back and stops beside the physician, wearing a worried brow. “Is Acton hurt, doc?”
Slate continues to move ahead and stares at an empty parking lot, not Flamingo. “That medical information is a patient-physician privilege, which is not shared with anyone, including a teen.”
“Were his set of ribs broken, sir?”
“That is patient confidential information.”
“Doc, I promise you here. I’m not being nosy here. I worried as a friend, as a fellow football player, as a Bama buddy here.”
Slate slowly moves ahead sideways and stares at the parking lot. “I can tell you this, Flamingo. As a licensed medical physician, I am too required to ask the similar questions. Acton refused to provide to me a verbal answer.”
Flamingo gasps. “So, is he not going to play in the last football game on Friday night?”
He stops and turns, gasping at Flamingo. “Is this the point of query?”
Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap. “No, Dr. Slate. I saw the bruises. And, Acton, he took a hit hard, this afternoon, not coming off the grass. He got up really slow and moaned a lot. I’m worried about his health.”
“Thank you for updating me with that medical information. I will include that in my medical notes.”
“Is he ineligible to play in the game on Friday night? He’s gotta play, doc. The talent scouts gotta see his talent or no scholarship to Burn U or Bam U.”
The physician smile and places his hand on the collar bone on Flamingo with a stern face. “The bruises looked ugly, because they were healing. Yes, he will play. Yes, I understand the talent scouts will be here also. Yes, I am worried too. However, Acton is a very healthy teen, like you and your two brothers. I suspect Cinco hit him in these bruises. Cinco is a rough ass, sometimes.”
Flamingo exhales with a nod. “Tell me about it! Good. Okay. Acton is okay. But, how are we, you going to find out what happened?”
“I asked. He didn’t say. I will continue to monitor Acton, every day, also. He can’t deny a medical examination from me either.”
“Yes sir. That’s good to know. I guess.”
He nods. “It is the best we can do.” Slate moves ahead and leaves Flamingo behind, and then stops, back stepping with a smile to see the teen. “He will not talk with me, Flamingo. But Acton might talk with something his own age, like you.”
Flamingo nods with a stern face, “Yes, sir. I will try that.”
Slate moves ahead with a worried brow toward his personal car. “Good night, Flamingo!”
Flamingo continues to stand and exhales with worry over his friend. “Good night, sir!” He races ahead and enters his sports car inside the student parking lot, speeding back home.


McCory Cow Ranch location
Hot temperatures with bright stars
Garage room setting
06:10 pm


Flamingo slams the brakes and slows the car, carefully parking inside the garage, killing the engine and the headlights. He slides out the seat and closes the door. He dashes inside the house and finds his mother Arie, kissing her check, faking a smile. He provides a set of sweet words from his good day at school and his football practice, without the terrible news about Acton.
Arie leans over and hugs her son, pulling back with a smile and her own set of sweet works, running off to check on the evening meal.
Flamingo drops the backpack down on the floor and spins around, exiting the kitchen, racing up the stairs and moves ahead toward Pig Pen.
At 06:12 pm inside Pig Pen, Flamingo appears and stands in the open archway with worry, looking back over his collar bone, viewing an empty hallway. Aries is busy helping the staff with the evening meal. AJ is outside talking with the set of farm hands about some issue on the farm.
Flamingo enters the room and spins around, gently easing the door partially closed. Aries would become suspicious, if the door into Pig Pen was completely shut.
On top of his assigned chaise lounge chair, first born triplet Breck sits and chuckles while looking down at the tiny screen on his mobile telephone. He types on the tiny keyboard and prints out a text back to Doyle. Doyle has been texting the funny conversation with Flamingo from the medical exam from yesterday.
At the doorway, Flamingo spins around in silence and moves ahead, sliding down on the foam matting, kneeling beside Breck. He turns and views Cinco.
Cinco sits in his assigned chaise lounge chair and works on his homework assignment while getting a set of better good grades, trying to get into college. He is not texting his girlfriend Babbie either.
Flamingo points at Cinco. “Cinco, come over here!”
On top of the chair, Cinco does not look up and flips a bird at Flamingo in silence.
Flamingo growls, “Now, boy! Get your ass over here. I got some important stuff to share.”
Cinco marks the book with his current homework assignment and slides off the chaise lounge chair, moving ahead with a sour frown in silence and stands beside Flamingo.
Flamingo reaches over and slams the leg on Cinco. Cinco kneels down beside Flamingo with a sour frown. Flamingo looks at each brother while softly talking. “Today, during the medical examination, I saw Acton. He has got some big, bad bruises over his naked chest. That’s why he couldn’t get up from your offensive hit, this afternoon, Cinco. The bruises are bad, all purple and yellow looking.”
On top of the lounge chair, Breck shakes his skull and continues to read the next vile text coming from Doyle about Flamingo. “Acton and Cinco are the two superstars DL at Lacy Springs High and within Morgan County. I’m not surprised. The boy will heal like always. Are you hurting from today’s football practice, Cinco?”
Cinco frowns with confusion, “Naw! Not too bad. Not bad enough to cry and whine and sob like Middle Child Flamingo,” he laughs with Breck. “I got some bruises, but they heal fast…”
“Naw!” Flamingo shakes his backward baseball cap. “These are not your typical trip over your toe and then fall down on your face bruises. They were wide and deep. I saw them. Dr. Slate saw them. Then, Dr. Slate shoved me out the examination room to privately talk with Acton. There is something badly wrong here. This is serious. This might cost Acton his scholarship to Burn U or Bam U.”
On top of the chaise lounge, Breck frowns and then stands up from the cushion, pointing in the middle of the room. “Stand up, Cinco! Show us where each bad bruise was located on Acton, Flamingo.”
Flamingo stands upright from the floor and spins around, reaching over to the corner office desk, retrieving a washable marker in orange hue from the office supply stack. He swings around and jerks off the marker cap, moving ahead toward Cinco.
Cinco swiftly stands upright from the floor and shuffles sideways, crossing both arms over his body, shaking his curls, “Naw! Do not mark my body with that marker, dude!”
Breck moves ahead and stops beside Cinco with a stern face. “This is important, Cinco. This is for Acton, not me, or Flamingo.”
“I do this for Action, not you and you,” Cinco nods and then removes his shirt, tossing it down on top of soft foam matting in silence.
“It’s a washable marker, baby girl!” Flamingo laughs and stops, standing in front of Cinco, leaning down. He carefully circles each presented bruise around Cinco’s naked chest while memorizing the location inside the examination room.
Breck gasps in shock and shoves Flamingo away from Cinco. He narrows his eyelids and stands directly in front of Cinco, holding both hands in a folded fist near his frown in the air. He reaches out and gently places one fist against one circle and then a second fist into another circle. Then he rotates his fist in a different direction and places it inside another circle, pulling back with worry. “Damn! These marked bruises are a set of boxing marks. Like someone has boxed his rib cage. But, what for?”
Flamingo gasps in shock. “Fuck! I don’t recognize the bruising pattern. I should’ve recognized the bruising pattern…”
Cinco looks down and tries to see each orange colored circle on his chest. “What in the fuck for, Flamingo? We don’t box inside a match boxing ring. We don’t have boxing as a high school sport. Mama and the other teachers and the other board members at the school would never, ever allow boxing in LSH.”
Breck back steps from Cinco and drops his hands, staring at each orange circle, “Yeah! Someone beat on Acton. Boxing is too violent of sport even during a regular football practice.”
Cinco frowns. “So, what do we do now?”
Breck nods. “We meet and talk to Acton.”
Flamingo frowns. “Dr. Slate couldn’t get a real honest answer from Acton, today. I waited around for Acton, after his medical examination. I walked with him to his car. Acton won’t talk to me either. That’s why I’m so late.”
Breck nods. “Yeah, Mama asked where you were. But we reminded her that you were doing your doctor medical stuff. She nodded with a smile and went to check on dinner.”
Flamingo nods. “Thanks for covering for me. Acton wouldn’t talk to me. Everyone talks to me.”
Breck nods. “He’s ashamed.”
Flamingo frowns. “He’s embarrassed. I don’t think his biological father lives with him and his mama. I saw an older female drive up in her truck. Acton walked to the truck and then got inside. Then they left the school and me.”
Cinco views the floor and then looks up to see Flamingo. “So, Acton is getting beat up by someone bigger than him.”
Breck gasps in shock. “Who in the world is bigger than Acton? Acton stands at six feet and seven inches and full of muscular muscles. If someone out there is bigger than he is, then that someone should be playing basketball.”
Flamingo nods. “Actually, there are numerous individuals that live here on the planet with super gigantic height. However, these individual do not enjoy sports or enjoy tormenting the smaller gal or guy.”
Cinco nods. “Flamingo’s right. But we’re going find out who is harming our friend. Then, we’re going to beat the shit outta of this monster.”
Flamingo nods, “Yeah, hell!”
Breck frowns. “And how exactly are we going to find, tag, and beat this giant monster, Flamingo? We are teens that live at home, not adventurers on the sea of life.”
Flamingo smiles, “Today is Tuesday. Tomorrow is Wednesday. Action attends the same church and sings in the same teenly chorus with us. We come back home from football practice and whine to our mama that we wanna spend more time with our girls…”
“I don’t have a girlfriend right now.” Breck gasps. 
“You met a new girl at church. Think out loud, Brick Brain.” Cinco laughs.
Flamingo nods. “Mama is much more understanding and sweeter as she likes to spend all her free time with AJ, leaving us all alone and isolated and unsupervised now days.”
Cinco nods. “That’s works.”
Flamingo nods with a smile. “When Acton leaves the church parking lot with his mama, we follow him not in your pickup truck. We use one of the farm trucks without the logo. This is the month of October. The sun drops down at five o’clock. Acton will not see or recognize a different truck. We follow Action. We find out where he lives. Then, we sit and watch for that giant monster. Then we attack the bastard and beat the shit outta of him. The end!”
Cinco pounds his fists on his chest and sneers. “Great plan, Flamingo!”
Breck tosses his arm with a smile. “Good action plan, Flamingo! Tomorrow, we help our friend, but we don’t tell our mama or AJ. Then, we all have a good ending!”
“Yeah!” Flamingo nods with a smile.



Wednesday October 15th 


Lacy Springs High School location
Eye Examination room setting
05:05 pm


Flamingo stands in front of the closed physician office door. The door opens. Cinco enters and rushes toward the dark room, without speaking, sliding down into the chair.
Flamingo rushes behind Cinco and stops, standing beside the metal chair, flipping on the light that illuminates the far wall.
Cinco wiggles side to side on top of the chair and hears the metal pain of the weak metal. “E. F. P. T. O. Z. L. P. E. D. P. E C. F. D. E. D. F. C. Z. P. F. E. L. O. P. Z. D. D. E. F. P…”
Flamingo gasps in shock and turns with a sour frown to see blonde hair roots on Cinco. “What in the shit are you doing, Cinco?”
Cinco continues to wiggle the metal chair with a frown. “Do you wanna know about the current mental, physical, psychological status of Action or not? And I’m reading the eye chart.”
“How is he doing today? Why are you just spewing out alphabetic letters?”
“Acton was really slow and sleepy like he didn’t get a good night’s sleep. And I have memorized the eye chart. Now, I’m reading the complete eye chart back at you, so I can get outta of here. I’m hungry.”
Flamingo gasps. “Wait! How were able to memory the eye chart?”
“I don’t know. I just did. Are we finished in here? You’re wasting my time. We need to get cleaned and go to the church choir practice, before we implement our rescue plan.”
Flamingo nods. “Yes, you pass.” He spins around and then quickly administers the rest of the tests and then leaves Cinco with Dr. Slate.
Flamingo dashes down the hallway and opens the physician office door, seeing Breck.
They swiftly move down the hallway and enter the eye examination room.
Breck slides down into the chair. Flamingo flips the correct light switch and watches each line on the eye chart. “Read the eye chart, Breck!”
Breck frowns. “E.”
“The second line…”
“L. T.”
The third line…”
“F. P. H.”
The fourth line...”
“O. L. C. F.”
“The fifth line…”
“D. H. J. B. S.”
Flamingo nods. “Okay. Your eyes are good. Did Acton say or do anything during your shared class time today?”
Breck stands upright from the chair and spins around, shaking his head, moving out the room, into the next room. “He was very quiet like he was not feeling good.”
They huddle together and whisper about Acton, moving down the hallway.
Flamingo exhales. “Cinco, he was not kind this afternoon during football practice to Acton.”
He frowns. “Hell! Cinco is never kind unless you’re a horse or a girl.”
Flamingo laughs, “So true! I think Cinco should go and play professional football sports. Let someone bigger beat his ass into submission.”
He smiles. “Yeah, I agree with that statement, but I bet Mama would have a different set of motherly feelings for her baby triplet,” he laughs with Flamingo.
“Sit down in the chair! And do not insert that thumb drive into the flash drive player either.”
He reaches down with a smile and pats his shirt with puzzlement. “What thumb driver?”
Flamingo holds the thumb drive near his smile, “This one!”
He looks up and gasps in shock. “Hey! That’s mine! You stole it from my body when you were cuddling with me.”
Flamingo shakes the thumb driver and looks down at the screen on the tablet. “Hay is for horses. And this thumb drive belongs to Yancy. I don’t need you shouting out loud all the dirty parts from the Quartet books, in this room, with Dr. Slate standing at the archway. I don’t want any trouble here. Today, the set of medical examinations is ending at five-thirty. So, we all can go to church. And don’t forget to drive the old rusty orange tinted pickup truck to the church’s parking lot tonight.”
He nods. “I remember the plan.”
Flamingo nods. “Good! Place the ear phones over your earlobes and shout out loud each sentence, so I can finish up and get back home for our rescue mission,” smiling.


Lacy Springs Church location
Warm temperatures and thick clouds without moonlight and stars
Chorus room setting
07:55 pm


Tall, slender, gray haired, middle aged musical director holds his mouth open and his baton in the air, singing out loud the last musical note on the last musical song with the teenager choir. He draws both hands together and drops them down to the podium with a smile, “Very good! That last song went well. Now, everyone, do not be late on Sunday morning service. We will be singing patriotic songs to honor our victory on Friday night football game.”
“You shouldn’t curse us, sir,” one of the footballs frowns with worry.
The musical director smiles with a nod. “I am not worried about any curse with Almighty God on our side. Good night, everyone! Drive safely back home!” He spins around from the podium and interacts with the other adults.
After the teen choir practice, Cinco swiftly stands upright from his assigned chair on the upper tier and moves down the steps, colliding into the back spine on Babbie, leaning over her collar bone. He whispers into her face. She gasps without movement. He spins her around and leans over kissing her lips and pulls back with a nod. They move toward the open archway first and exit the music room ahead of Acton, their target.
Acton exits the music room next.
Flamingo heads away from the upper tier also and runs into Violet, kissing her face, pulling with a set of sweet words. The triplets have agreed not to mention the new rescue to an individual girlfriend until after the successful trip. They move ahead and exit the music room slowly moving down the hallway. Flamingo is also keeping an eyeball at the back spine on Acton.
Breck stands and elbows his friends, swiftly scooting around singers down the upper tier, exiting the music room with his friends, moving through the hallway. He can see each bobbing head on Cinco, Babbie, Acton, Flamingo, and Violet. So far, the triplet plan is working very well.
Each teen with Acton moves outside and exits the church building, heading toward an individual vehicle.
Cinco quickly escorts and then kisses his girl Babbie beside her personal vehicle, leaving her, dashing toward the ancient orange colored pickup truck. He slides inside and cranks the truck while waiting for his two brothers.
Breck arrives and stands by the open door watching for Flamingo.
Flamingo swiftly moves his girl to her car and then kisses her face, pulling back with a smile, spinning around to face the ancient orange colored pickup truck. He dashes ahead and slides into the front bench seat, slamming into the rib cage on Cinco.
Flamingo slaps the cupped hand on Breck with nervousness. “Go, Breck! Acton is leaving the church grounds without us. I can see the old dull red faded pickup truck that Acton’s mama drives. She’s moving out. Do you know where Acton lives?”
Cinco nods and watches the taillights on the red truck that flames with only one bulb. “He lives somewhere down there in the woodlands off of McCutcheon Loop Road,” he whips out his mobile telephone and types on the keyboard, staring at the tiny screen. “Do you have a street number?”
Flamingo whips out his mobile telephone and types on the tiny keyboard, “Naw! No one has a street number that live in the wilderness like a pack of wild animals.”
Breck reaches over and presses the button, activating the navigational devise.
The computer says out loud: Follow Highway 36 north.
Flamingo fiddles with his mobile telephone with a frown. “Why are you calling up the navigational devise? There’s enough hot air inside the cab of this truck. And we’re following Acton’s mama’s truck.”
Breck steers with a sour frown. “It’s dark. I can’t follow too closely on the rear bumper of the old truck. Or Acton will get suspicious of the other vehicle. There aren’t many people on the roadway.”
“The entrance road onto River Loop Road is coming up in 1.5 miles.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Breck slows the truck and then turns from Highway 36, heading due east, traveling over River Loop Road.
“You are turning onto River Loop River.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Cinco frowns. “Go faster, Breck! You’re going to lose them. I can barely see the red tinted taillights in the dark. There’s not moon or moonlight today, only gray clouds. And no stars either.”
“The entrance road onto McCutcheon Loop Road is coming up in .5 miles.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Breck slows the speed and then turns onto new road, slowly driving behind the dull red colored pickup truck.
“You are turning onto McCutcheon Loop Road.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Cinco frowns. “You’re going to lose them.”
“No, I’m not. The truck is straight ahead of me. What is the place?” Breck continues to drive with a stern face.
Flamingo stares ahead into the darkness. “McCutcheon Loop Road, it was once an ancient wagon trail that had been used by our ancestors two centuries ago for hauling cotton wagons down to the Tennessee River for boat delivery. Then the boat traveled up to Huntsville for process bales of cotton that was shipped all over to Great Britain.”
“The entrance road onto Vaughn Road is coming up in 1.1 miles.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Breck continues to drive and laughs. “Flamingo knows everything.”
“Yes, I do,” Flamingo laughs. “Did you know that entire land property of cotton bolls and groves of trees used to be owned by the family named Vaughn? That’s why there is a road named after the family Vaughn.”
“Are we blood-kin to them too?” Breck continues to drive with a smile.
“The entrance road onto Vaughn Road is coming up in 0.9 miles.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Inside the bench seat between Breck and Flamingo, Cinco jabs a finger at the windshield, “Slow down, Breck! The brake lights on the truck are lighted.”
“The single brake light on the truck is lighted. I think Acton needs a new truck.” Flamingo frowns.
Cinco continues to jab a finger at the windshield. “Turn! Turn to the right! Follow the truck!”
“All right! All right! I’m slowing down.” Breck presses the brakes and turns down a new roadway that heads due south and is made of particles of white tinted loose gravel. The dull red tinted truck steers ahead and vanishes into the darkness. He gasps. “What! Where’s the truck?”
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 3.1 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Cinco frowns. “I know that place. It’s a cavern, not a road. You have to drive ahead south over fields of cotton before hitting a stream of water and Dunlap Cove. Dunlap, do we own the ancient cave. Granddaddy Dunlap is named Dunlap.”
“We are three miles due north from the cave without our grandfather’s sur-name, but we do not own it. And Breck’s crazy, girly navigational computer is lost too.” Flamingo laughs.
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 3.0 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
“The truck is up ahead. I see a faded single red taillight on the tailgate. We’re losing the truck. Go faster, Breck!” Cinco jabs a finger at the windshield.
Breck gasps in alarm and presses the gasoline pedal, spinning the tail end of the truck to one side over the loose gravel rocks. He quickly compensates for the twirl and straightens up, flying down the road. “Where’s the truck?”
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 2.9 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Cinco points at the windshield. “She turned a few paces passed that cotton field.”
“What cotton field?” Breck continues to drive and passes the cotton field.
“The one on each side of the truck,” Flamingo laughs.
Breck drives faster and flies by the cotton field.
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 2.8 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Cinco swings his arm and hits the nose bridge on Flamingo. “You missed the turnoff.”
Breck continues to drive through the darkness. “What turn-off? I didn’t see a new roadway entrance to turn-off onto, Cinco.”
“There aren’t any paved city streets out here, only a series of white gravel or red clay dirt roads.” Flamingo slams the arm on Cinco down toward the floor and points at the windshield with a sneer. “Breck’s right. She turned by the grove of trees up ahead.”
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 2.7 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Cinco lifts his arm and thumbs back over a collar bone with a growl, “Naw! She turned back there at the cotton field.”
Breck continues to drive through the darkness in confusion, passing the grove of trees. “I don’t see any more red colored taillights. Which way did she turn? I can’t tell.”
He jabs his thumb at the rear galls windshield. “Back there at the cotton field.”
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 2.6 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Breck slams the brake and slides over the gravel, stopping near the shallow ditch of short grass and dirt, “Now, where?”
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 2.5 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Cinco continues to thumb back at the rear glass window. “Drive backwards and stop beside the cotton field.”
Flamingo surveys each side glass window with confusion. “The entire landscape is one, big, huge white colored cotton field here in the night sky, Cinco. What entrance are you talking about?”
Cinco continues to thumb back at the rear glass window. “The entrance road is back there. Drive backwards, Breck.”
Breck slams the gear into reverse and uses the two side mirrors, pressing the gasoline pedal, flying backward on the gravel road in the dark.
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 2.5 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Breck continues to drive backward over the gravel road in the dark.
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 2.6 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Breck continues to drive backward over the gravel road in the dark.
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 2.7 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Breck continues to drive backward over the gravel road in the dark.
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 2.8 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Breck continues to drive backward over the gravel road in the dark.
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 2.9 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Cinco slams his arm into the cheekbone on Flamingo for fun and points at the side window. “You passed the cotton field again, Breck!”
Breck slams the set of brake pads and then stops the truck, slowly driving ahead, looking for the new road. “Where is the road?”
He jabs his finger at the side window, “Right there! Turn! Turn to the right. Turn right here!”
The truck slides over the gravel and then turns to the right, slamming the two front tires down into the low ground. A heavy spray of water hits the front grill and then the glass windshield.
Flamingo laughs. “Damn! It’s an entrance point into a pond of water, not the entrance into the roadway.”
Breck continues to drive backward over the gravel road in the dark.
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 3.0 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Breck growls with annoyance, “Cinco!”
Cinco jerks his arm and hits the cheekbone on Breck for fun, laughing out loud. “Well, I was closer than you, two bozos, who are the non-circus clowns. The roadway is on the other side of the water pond. Get us outta of here and go that way!”
Breck jerks the gear into reverse with a soft growl and slams the gasoline pedal down into the floor mat. The powerful pickup trunk easily backs out from the pond of water and slides backwards over the loose gravel. He slams the brakes and stops the trunk, slowly moving ahead, turning onto the new gravel road.
Cinco points at the windshield. “Go faster, Breck! You’re wasting my time and the nighttime hours. I don’t see the truck anymore.”
Breck flies down the gravel road and shifts the steering column side to side while compensating for the pull of the loose gravel. 
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 2.9 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Breck continues to drive backward over the gravel road in the dark.
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 2.8 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
Breck continues to drive backward over the gravel road in the dark.
“You are heading due south toward Dunlap Cove which is 2.7 miles from your position.” The navigational computer says out loud.
“Look out! Stop! Halt! O no!” Cinco points at the windshield with a gasp.
Breck slams the set of brake pads and collides into the line of wildlife, running over the animals. “Shit!” He stops and parks on the gravel. “Get out! Look at the damage!” 
Flamingo opens the door and slides out, moving ahead, stopping in front of the scattered guts and bone skull on each dead animal that lies over the white gravel. “Jack rabbits. A family line of innocent hopping ugly jack rabbits. Breck is a cold-blooded murderer,” he laughs with Cinco.
Breck moves ahead and stands beside Cinco and Flamingo, looking down the darkness, seeing the white gravel road and flat land of cotton plants.
Flamingo frowns. “We lost our friend Acton and his pickup truck. I don’t know where he lives down this gravel roadway. We have to try and follow him during the daylight hours, not during the nighttime.”
The mobile telephone sings out loud a country song. Breck whips out his mobile telephone and reads the lighted message with a frown. “Mama is texting me for us to come home now.”
Cinco spins around and frowns at the wet truck. “How are we going to explain our missing time and our wet truck?”
Flamingo spins around with a gasp. “Yeah, our mama does not miss a thing. She’s always spying on us.”
Breck squats down with a smile and grabs the dead rabbits. “Our mama is always caring for us. We take home all the dead rabbits for a delicious rabbit stew tomorrow night. Mama loves when we eat off the land.”
Cinco spins around with a gasp and squats down, collecting the dead rabbits also, “But, we didn’t catch the rabbits on our land.”
Breck continues to collect up the pieces of rabbits with a smile. “We hit a line of innocent hopping family of rabbits on the public road coming home from the church. We had to make sure the family of live rabbits were not injured either. We don’t like harming wildlife. They deserve to live with us on God’s green planet too. So, we stopped and parked in the pond water, got out, get wet, and picked up all the dead rabbits for our dinner meal tomorrow night, Mama,” he laughs with Cinco.
Flamingo laughs. “You’re too slick, Breck.” He spins around and dashes ahead toward the rear of the truck, collecting a set of bags for the dead rabbits.



Two school days later…


Friday October 17th


Lacy Springs High School location
Classroom setting
01:58 pm
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight


The school bell rings out loud. The next to last period class has ended for the day.
Today is the last football game of the regular season. The last period is always devoted to the LSH pep rally for the nightly football game.
Flamingo slowly struts out from his AP classroom with a smile and wears his pale blue football jersey number one with his pair of cargo pants, bumping into his brother Cinco. He and his two brothers also wear their individual pale blue football jersey and slowly strut out the high school building, heading with the other students into the gymnasium for the football pep rally event with the other football players.
Outside in the hot sunny weather, Cinco shoulders his backpack with tons of books and leans into the cheekbone on Flamingo. “Acton was missing today.”
“What!” Flamingo gasps in shock.
Breck quickly shuffles around with his backpack and pulls up, standing on the other side on Flamingo, leaning into the cheekbone on his brother, whispering. “Acton, he wasn’t in class today. He is marked as absent.”
Flamingo gasps with a whisper back to his brothers. “Did the principle call the house and find out why?”
“They don’t do that after the seventh grade.” Cinco laughs.
Flamingo frowns. “Where is he, at home?”
Breck frowns. “Don’t know!”
Flamingo exhales. “Why is he missing from school?”
Cinco frowns. “Don’t know.”
Flamingo growls, “That big bully has harmed Acton. We need to leave and go and get him and bring him back to the football game, right now.”
Cinco frowns. “I like that plan but we can’t implement that plan right now.”
Breck exhales with worry. “Wonder if, he’s hurt?”
Flamingo nods. “Then we need to go and get him and take to the emergency room. Our mama will pay for any medical bills, once we explain the true reason.”
Cinco nods. “I agree.”
Breck nods. “I agree too. But we can’t technically leave the school until three pm.”
Flamingo smiles, “So, we must attend the pep rally until school is official over. After three pm, the only students hanging around are the football players. Everyone goes home. However, the football players are fed a table of food, compliments of the LSH alumni. So, each one grabs a big plate of food and wanders out the open door from the Sports Building, moving back toward Breck’s truck while laughing and talking. Some of the football players enjoy eating outside with Mother Nature. We casually move into the parking lot and then swiftly leave the school grounds in Breck’s pickup truck. My car was become suspicious with Cinco’s cycle. We can do this, technically and legally. We go and get Acton and bring him back to the school for the football game.”
Breck laughs with a nod, “Brilliant plan, Flamingo!”
“I know!” Flamingo nods.
Cinco reaches out with a smile and opens the side door on the auditorium for his two brothers. Flamingo enters first with a laugh.
They move ahead and join the other football players inside the entrance lobby for the upcoming pep rally entrance for the last football game of the regular season.
At 02:50 pm, after the loud and rowdy pep rally with each school teacher, student, band member, cheerleader, and football player, the other students slowly exit the auditorium for an individual transport, heading back home.
A line of exiting football players slowly strolls back into the Sports Building, entering into the entrance lobby, sitting down into curved rows of metal chairs. This is the afternoon ritual on the football game day. Coach Kraf offers encouragement to the team, in case, they lose the game.
Cinco, Flamingo, and Breck take a seat on the edge of the long wooden bench in the middle of the lobby room while patiently listening to the words, watching Kraf pace side to side. Each one fidgets side to side in the seat and taps a nervous foot waiting for the opportunity for leave the school and then retrieve their friend Acton.
Coach Kraf has not asked about Acton which is not a good sign of happiness.
Down the other long and cool hallway of white paint, a team of food caters sets and prepares numerous trays of hot and cold food items and buckets of cold beverages for each player as each assistance coach continues to nod and offer their individual victory speech to the football team.
At 04:04 pm, after each coach has spoken and then scoots around the team of players. A line of nicely mannered football player forms and as each one individually prepares a tall plate of food and then wanders off with another fellow team mate outside, enjoying the hot weather, relaxing before the big game.
Cinco stands in line and prepares a large plate of food while eating some of the items in line, grabbing a large beverage. His two brothers duplicate the same action. Cinco spins around and exits the Sports building like the other football players. Some of the football players enjoy sitting in the bleachers, which is real treat as they usually are located on the grassy field.
Cinco, Flamingo, and Breck slowly eat the food on the plate and strut ahead toward the football field, entering into an empty parking lot. Each vehicle has left the school at three o’clock or so along with each yellow colored school bus of students. The three brothers continue ahead and move toward the white tinted pickup truck.
Each one takes a turn to see if they are followed, but the air waves are cleared.
Each brother moves around the rear bumper on the truck and hides beside the driver’s door. Cinco opens the driver’s door. Flamingo slides down inside first and scoots toward the front passenger seat, crouching down inside the cab. Cinco enters next and ducks down below the dashboard also, eating his food.
Breck enters last and slides down behind the steering wheel, cranking the engine, slowly leaving the school grounds toward the main highway.
Flamingo continues to stare out through the side window and looks for a football assistant coach or one of the football players, but each one is enjoying the warm sunshine and the plate of good food.
The truck slowly steers over the roadway until the school building is out of sight.
Breck slaps the metal pedal and speeds down the road, eating the food in silence, concentrating on driving. Each one of his brothers eats also in silence.
A few minutes later, Breck swiftly travels the same nicely smoothly city street pathway from last night after church choir and then slams the brake pads, turning onto the white gravel road, speeding ahead. He does not activate the navigational devise this time.
In the middle of the bench seat, Flamingo spills his beverage over his leg and then the floor mat which is not covered with a lid. He sneers down at the wet spot on his pants leg, “Slow down, Breck! We got plenty of time here. The football game doesn’t start until seven o’clock.”
Cinco spits out food particles onto the windshield. “Speed faster, Breck! We gotta kill that bastard who is harming Acton, first. Then we gotta drag heavy-ass Acton into the truck, second. Then we gonna race back through the night for the game, three. So, we might be late, if we don’t hurry up right now,” he turns and points at the new gravel road. “That is gravel road.”
How do you know that, Cinco?”
Cinco lifts up his mobile telephone near his open mouth. “I researched this area and each gravel road last night through the outer space satellites. On this gravel road, where his mother turned down in the truck, there are three farm houses which are surrounded by fields of cotton or thick green colored woodlands. I don’t know which house belongs to Acton. So, we gotta drive pass each one and find his mama’s dull red colored pickup truck. That should be easy.”
“Easy!” Breck turns and speeds over the gravel, whipping the rear end side to side over the loose rocks with a stern face, holding the steering wheel steady.
Cinco finishes the food and burps out loud, looking down at his mobile telephone and then up to see the grove of woods, “Slow your speed down, Breck! This is the first farm house.”
Flamingo studies the house and then frowns, “Naw! The house is brick with a black colored pickup truck. No! Move on, Breck!” Breck floors the gasoline pedal and whips the rear end side to side, straightening the truck, speeding down the gravel road.
A few minutes later, he slowly passes the second farm house without seeing a dull red colored pickup truck. Flamingo smiles, “It’s the last house. How far down the road, Cinco?”
Cinco nods, “About a mile! Go, Breck! Go! Go! The sun is sinking down into the horizon. Then we’ll never find and rescue Acton.” Breck speeds down the gravel road with a smile and then slaps down on the brake pads, slowly turning onto the dirt driveway.


Home of eighteen years old high school senior Acton and his biological mother
Hot temperatures a sinking sunset of pinks, yellows, oranges, and blues
04:55 pm


A single story A-line white tinted wooden house looks very bad in appearance. Each exterior wooden beam is rotten with orange spots and insect nests in brown and black hue. Some of the beams are falling down, drooping down onto the weeds. The rooftop contains section of bent up asphalt panels. Several glass windows are boarded with ugly yellow pile of wood.
The single home is a shotgun building, where a central hallway runs down the middle of the house.
Breck parks his truck in the yard of weeds and dirt, killing the engine, taking his car keys.
Inside the cab, Flamingo gasps in shock and stares with worry at the house. “Is this really the home of Acton and his mother?”
Cinco points at the truck. “Yes, I would say based on the outer space satellites that beam down into my mobile telephone screen and that dull colored red pickup truck. Is that the truck, Flamingo?”
Flamingo nods. “Yes!”
Breck gasps. “She needs a new house.”
Flamingo frowns. “She needs a new everything.”
Cinco opens the door with a stern face. “Let’s go and get Acton, right now! We’re all going to be late for the football game. The sun disappears down into the ground in another thirty minutes. Coach Kraf will not be happy, if we’re all late for the start of inspection,” he slides out and stands in the dirt. Flamingo slides out and stands beside Cinco.
Breck opens the door and slides down onto the dirt with worry, dashing ahead toward the house.
Cinco leaves the door open for an emergency and moves with Flamingo dashing behind Breck.
On top of the flat concrete slab that holds the front porch, the front door is opened. There is a set of loud voices coming from the interior room.
Breck halts in the middle of the front porch and holds his palm in the air with caution while hearing a set of harsh words coming from a heated argument. He moves sideways and follows the glass window, stopping at the wall beside the open door, scanning the interior room.
The set of voices continue to increase in volume.
He sees a tall male and the body of Acton. The tall male swings a fist and hits at Acton with a yell. Acton drops down on the dirty carpet with a heavy grunt and wears his pale blue football jersey and a pair of tan walking shorts with a pair of bare feet.
Breck gasps in shock and drops his hand down to his leg while signaling a swift attack into the interior room of Acton’s home.
Cinco enters first through the open archway and then leaps into the air, landing at the back spine on the extremely large and tall unknown male, hugging the body. Breck races inside through the open archway next and then slams his body into the rib cage on the extremely large male, hugging the body also from harming Acton.
Acton rests on top of the dirty rug and covers his face with fear.
Flamingo appears and stands inside the archway with a smile. “What’s this crap?”
On the side wall, a tall, overweight, dark skinned, elderly lady with black hair wears an ancient repaired tan and white long dress. She is the mother of Acton and leans against the wallpaper and jabs a finger at the tall figure. “Get out of this house right now! Get away from my boy!”
The extremely tall and overweight male with a shaven face, a tone of dark skin, a pair of brown eyes wears a set of white colored clothes and stands in the middle of the living room setting and displays a row of front and bottom missing teeth, reaching out and grabs on Breck first and then Cinco next. He flings both teens from his tall and large body with an evil laugh.
Breck and Cinco, each one roughly lands down on top of the floor on one foot or both feet and then stumbles side to side while maintaining their upright balance, staring at the tall male with a gasp of shock.
“What’s this crap, please?” Flamingo continues to stand inside the archway with a smile, “Get up from the floor, Acton! The Calvary is sorta here to save the day. Yeah!” He laughs.
Acton looks up and smiles, seeing his three high school football players and good friends, slowly standing upright, staring at the extremely tale male with worry in silence.
The tall unknown male points and sneers at Acton’s mother. “Want my money!”
“What money?” Breck frowns.
He growls. “I want money, from her.”
Acton exhales with minor pain from his chest of healing bruises and looks back over a collar bone with worry, viewing his mother. “What’s he talking about, Mama?”
He jabs a finger at Acton’s mother. “Want my money for the chicken eggs.”
She growls. “I am allowed to take the chicken eggs. My brother told me so.”
“I take money. My daddy told me so.” He slaps his chest while swings a folded fist at Acton. Acton spins around with a gasp and swiftly backs away from the rolling punch without getting injured again.
She sneers. “What are you talking about boy?”
He growls. “My daddy…”
“My brother is his step-father.”
He nods. “And my daddy wants money for the chicken eggs from her.”
Cinco frowns at the nose profile on the tall male. “How much money does she owe to her brother?”
The unknown male sneers at Acton’s mother, “Thirty bucks!”
Breck gasps in shock. “What! Why are you beating up on Acton for thirty dollars?”
He growls. “Want my money. Or he gets a whipping from me.”
“Bullshit! Horse shit! Pig shit! Cow shit!” Cinco pulls out his wallet and jerks out a wad of cash money, extending a hand to Flamingo first and then Breck next, “Gimme your money stack.” Flamingo and Breck both surrender their money to Cinco. Cinco accepts and counts out the money in silence and then hands the stack of cash to the male, wobbling his arm. “Here! Look over here, dude! This stack has three hundred dollars in cash. You got your money for the past due three weeks of chicken eggs. Now, she gets seven weeks of chicken eggs. Do you understand me?” He slaps his chest with a sneer.
The extremely tall male spins around and accepts the money with a set of missing teeth that shows a happy smile. “I understand.”
“Good! Get out of here, before I don’t understand any of this shit.” Cinco flips his hand with a sneer.
The extremely tall male leaves the house with the money and laughs out loud, walking down the gravel road toward his home.
Inside the living room setting, Acton spins around and dashes to his mother, helping her to sit down inside a tan colored ratty lounge chair with worry, “Mama! Are you hurt? Do you need a doctor? You were limping on your ankle. Is it broken? Are you bleeding?”
She flips her hand with a pinched frown to her son. “Naw, I’m fine. Your friends are here. You go and get to that football game, Acton. It’s the last game of the year for you as a senior in high school. You worked too hard now. Don’t miss your opportunity now, son.”
He kneels down and exhales with worry, staring at her swollen ankle. “I can’t leave you here, Mama. You’re hurt and…”
Flamingo dashes ahead and slides down, examining her ankle, probing the bone through the dress, “Naw! Her ankle bone is not broken, Acton. Her ankle is tender and swollen. Your mama has a nasty sprain. I can fix this. I can prepare a warm compress of hot water and common table salt to wear over her ankle. The swelling will go down tonight. I promise. So, you can come back with us to the football game. It’s dark now. We need to leave. Tell me, Cinco! I’m getting the warm compress prepared there in the kitchen. I won’t be too long.”
Breck spins around and views the night skyline here in the woodlands, seeing the gray clouds without a bright star, exhaling with worry. He has to drive back through the gravel road in the dark without the rows of bright street lamps and then explain to the coach the issue with Acton. “Hurry up, Flamingo! The sky is pitch black dark out there, bro.”
Inside the ratty chair, his mother nods with a smile to her son. “Do you see, Acton? Your three friends are really nice and came to help you. Who are they, son?”
Acton points back to his two friends. “O! This is Breck and Cinco. Flamingo is inside the kitchen.”
She flips her hand with a smile to Breck and Cinco. “Nice to meet ya’ll! You saved me and my son and my house. I was cooking the supper meal. So, go and get a high plate of food for your friends, Acton. Go on, now, boy! You need to eat before the football game starts. I can’t go today but I feel fine. I promise to go to the doctor tomorrow, son.”
Acton stays with his mother and motions to Breck and Cinco. “Go and get us some food plates, Cinco! I wanna go to the football game, once my mama is settled and comfortable for the night.”
“Okay!” Cinco leaves the room with Breck.
Acton swiftly stands upright from the floor and spins around, collecting pillows and a blanket for his mother, fixing her body in the chair. He leans down and kisses her forehead, whispering sweet words to his mother with smile.
A few minutes later, Flamingo returns back into the living room and squats down, wrapping a wet compress over her naked ankle, standing upright with a smile, whispering for his eardrums only. “And I promise to come and take you to the emergency room, this evening, once I explain everything to my mama.” This is the reason Flamingo wants to become a medical physician to help people who cannot help themselves. Now, he is starting right now. Once he explains to Arie and AJ, AJ will accompany Flamingo back tonight as the adult. AJ is a caring person that does not talk words, but shows actions. AJ will ensure that Acton’s mother goes to the Lacy Springs Hospital emergency room and is treated for her ankle sprain and will pay for it also.
Cinco and Breck both return back into the living room and hold a stack of food plates, strutting toward the open door with a smile into the night.
Cinco moves ahead with a smile. “We got the food plates, Acton. Let’s go! Thank you, Mrs. Acton! Your supper meal smells great.” He exits the house with Breck.
Inside the living room, Flamingo continues to stand and smiles down at the woman. “Do you feel better, Mrs. Acton?”
She does not touch the compress but smiles at Flamingo, “Yes, son! My ankle feels much better.” She looks up and smiles at Acton, “Go on, Acton! Go and play in the football game. The team needs you to win the game, son. I’m fine. You can tell me all about when you come back home later tonight.
“I promise to bring Acton back home with the win, Mrs. Acton.” Flamingo leans over and slams a fist into the bicep on Acton with a smile.
They spin around and exit the house, entering the truck, eating the food.
At 06:20 pm in hot temperatures with the dark night and dark clouds, on a white colored gravel road in the darkness of the night, without a row of bright street lights, inside the speeding truck, Flamingo sits shotgun and consumes the food with a smile. “Wow! Your mama is a great cook, Acton.”
Acton sits in the rear bench seat beside Cinco and eats the plate of hot food, smiling with particles between his teeth. “Thanks! My mama can cook. She makes great food meals.”
Breck stirs and eats at the same time, speeding down the gravel road, steering with his kneecaps in the dark. 
Cinco eats and chews while spitting out food particles at the same time. “Go faster, Breck! The football game has started. We’re going to be late. Coach Kraf is going to be mad at us. He might not let us play.”
Flamingo frowns. “He will. We’re the stars of the football team.”
The white pickup truck whips to the side over the loose gravel rocks. Breck drops the plate of food down in his lap, reaching out, grabbing the steering column. He spins the truck in a half-circle and faces the opposite direction on the gravel road.
In the rear seat, Cinco drops his plate of food over his lap and on the floor. “What in the hell are you doing up there, Breck? Drive the truck in a straight line, not in a fucking-ass circle, dude!” He licks each food-covered finger with a loud moan.
The truck continues to slide over the loose gravel and then hits the edge of the dirt ditch, landing the front tire in the shallow dirt. The truck halts with a jolt. Breck frowns. “Shit!” Each of the remaining three black colored tires stands without damage on top of the gravel road in the darkness of the night.
“Back us out, Breck!” Flamingo reaches up and flips on the cab light, looking down at the spilled food over the seat and his pair of dirty pant legs, slapping the food onto the floor with a sneer.
Breck jerks the gear into reverse and slams the gasoline pedal. The truck spins in the gravel and then slides back down into the dirt ditch.
“Whoa! Stop! You’re going to wreck the truck and tilt us into the dirt. Then we’ll miss the entire football game.” Flamingo turns to see the glass window and screams out loud with worry.
Beside Flamingo, Breck continues to sit in the front seat and slams both hands into the steering wheel, exhaling with annoyance. “Get out!”
In the rear bench seat, Cinco wipes his lips with his arm and frowns down at the spilled food. “Figures! Asshole Breck can’t drive a pickup truck. You need to go back and get a tricycle and learn to drive again, Breck. What in the hell are you good for? Nothing!”
Breck opens the driver’s door with the others and yells out loud. “The gravel on the road caused the wreck, not me,” he slides out and stands on top of the gravel while laughing out loud with Acton. He moves ahead and leans down in the ditch, touching the tire. “Okay. We all come over here and lift up the fender on the truck, shifting it sideways back into the gravel road. The tire is not damaged, only stuck in the pile of soft dirt.”
Cinco and Acton move ahead, stop, and pose at the front truck grill, leaning down, touching the edge on the fender. Flamingo dashes around and sits in front of the sunken tire, reaching out, touching the fender over the wheel base.
Breck leans down and touches the fender behind the tire, yelling out loud “All right! On the count of three, we lift up the tire in the air and then shove it back onto the gravel. So, we can get to our football game.”
“Then, I drive the truck back to the field, since Brick Brain can’t,” Flamingo laughs.
“One. Two. Three.” Breck shouts out loud and lifts up the fender with a heavy grunt into the air. The four strong teens work together and then shove the front of the truck sideways, clearing the shallow ditch, dropping the front tire back down onto the gravel road. Each teen wipes out the dirt with a smile and a cheer.
Breck continues to stand and cups his eyeballs, staring down at the tire, squatting down. His run his hand over the tire. “Okay. Second problem, I got a flatten tire. Flamingo, get the spare. Cinco, get the jack. Acton, get the wrench.”
“Fucking ass bad luck! At this rate of non-speed, we’ll miss the entire football game, the last football game as a senior high school football player. I hope the backup quarterback is really good, Flamingo.” Cinco laughs and races toward the rear of the truck, collecting the needed item to fix the flat.
Flamingo dashes along with Cinco and wears a sour frown in silence.
The four teens quickly work together and remove the flattened tire, replacing with the spare tire, standing in front of the truck. They stare at the tire and high-five with victory.
Breck shades his eyeballs from the set of very bright lights with worry, shouting out loud. “O no! We got trouble. Here comes trouble!” A set of high beams on the approaching pickup truck blinds each pair of eyeballs on the teen. Breck gasps in horror and screams out the warning, “Jump! Jump away from the rolling truck and hit the dirt ditch with your life! That rolling truck is on a collision course with us.”
Each teen leans down and dives down into the deep ditch of soft dirt, covering each other, feeling fear.
The approaching pickup truck with the bright beams of light slams the brake pads and skids the truck into a halt with a jolt. Each truck door opens and then drops down a pair of polished worn cowboy boots that slides out and stands on top of the gravel road as each young adult male laughs with humor.
Breck lies on top of his friend and two brothers, shuffling upright from the pile, moving back onto the gravel road. He stands and gasps with shock at the three rednecks that displays a black colored tee shirt, a pair of blue jeans, and a pair of polished brown colored cowboy boots.


Lacy Springs High School location
Football field setting
06:22 pm


The Lacy Springs High School marching band in a pale blue marching uniform has finished playing America’s national anthem, The Starred Spangle Banner and moves off the grassy football field with tapping drums, sitting inside the bleachers for the start of the football game.
The group of LSH cheerleaders in a pale blue cheerleader uniform run ahead from the Sports Building and leads the home team of football players. Each cheerleader turns and stops, standing in front of the row of home bleachers, jumping up and down, cheering for the home team.
The team of football players stops and gathers in a huddle on the sideline of the field, kneeling down on the grass, praying before the football practice for a set of healthy players. They stand upright from the grass and bounce up and down with excitement in celebration of the last regular season football game.
The other side of the playing field, the red colored uniformed Madison Horses, each football player kneels and huddles with a set of silent prayers also, standing upright, dancing around the field with excitement also.
The home team announcer sits inside the press box and shouts out loud for every pair of eardrums in the bleachers and on the field. “At this time, we invite each senior player onto the playing field for the toss of the coin from each football team. Come on down, seniors! This is your last game of the year.”
Each senior football player slowly moves ahead and forms a semi-crooked line, facing the opposing team, wiggling side to side with excitement.
In middle row of the home bleachers, Arie sits in-between AJ and her mother Reeve, wearing a pale blue jersey number nine for her son Breck. Reeve sits next to her husband in a pale blue jersey number 99 for her grandson Cinco. Jarvis sits beside Iredell in a pale blue jersey number one for his grandson Flamingo. Iredell alternates her pale blue jersey for each grandson wearing the number nine today for Breck. 
Each McCory and Dunlap family members never miss a game where the triplets play for sports.
The line of football players stands in the middle of field and rotate around a shaking hand or sneering growl into an opponent’s face.
In the bleachers, Arie frowns down at the field. “Where is Flamingo? I don’t see him down on the field.”
Reese smiles down at the field. “He’s there. I am so nervous for our home team. I hope we win the football game tonight.”
Jarvis nods with a smile and stares down at the line of football players. “We’ll win. We got the talent. There’s no doubt here.”
Arie frowns. “No. I do not see his jersey number one. Flamingo always wears the jersey number one, since he started playing football at the age of five years old. I don’t see the number one pale blue jersey down on the football field. Why isn’t Flamingo down on the field?”
AJ smiles down on the field and wears a new pale blue jersey number 99 for Cinco’s new position on the football team. “Well, Cinco had to change his jersey number from 99 to 66, so he could play on the offensive line. So, Flamingo and Breck must’ve changed their jersey numbers also. The three boys do everything together.”
Jarvis looks down and read the football program, “Naw. Flamingo is listed as number one. Breck is number nine. Cinco is listed with his new number 66. So, Flamingo and Breck did not change their jersey numbers based on the football program.”
AJ frowns. “I hope the coach knows what he is doing. The defensive line will miss Cinco.”
“The defensive line has Acton, who is more talented than Cinco, AJ. That boy is going to the play in the Professional Football League, after college. He’s going to get a full scholarship to Burn U. Hear my words, ya’ll!” Iredell smiles down at the line of players down on the field.
Arie frowns. “I understand that. But I do not see the pale blue jersey with the number one for Flamingo. I do not see the pale blue jersey with the number nine for Breck. And I do not see the pale blue jerky number 66 for Cinco. Where are my three boys down on the field? Are they still inside the locker room? They are missing their moment as recognized seniors for the last game of the season.”
AJ reaches down and lifts up the pair of binoculars, focusing on the line of players in the middle of the field with a gasp, scanning the huddled players on the sidelines next while whispers for his eardrums only. “What is going on here?” He swiftly stands upright from his seat and starts to move down the bleachers.
Arie turns and gasps, reaching out, touching his leg. “What! What’s wrong, AJ? What did you see? Tell me!”
AJ slowly moves his way down the bleachers toward the ground. “Come with me, Arie!” He sneers. “Stay here, Jarvis, Iredell, and Reeve! I agree with Arie. The boys are not on the playing in the active football field. I wonder if Cinco get him and his two brothers in trouble. Then the coach had no choice but to excuse them from the last game of the season. Cinco is such as asshole, sometimes. I’ll find out and come back here.”
Iredell continues to sit and watches the field with a laugh. “That’s my grandson.”
AJ slowly moves down the rows of bleachers and stands on top of the gravel, spinning around, assisting Arie from the bottom low. He cuddles her, spins around, and moves ahead, stopping at the fence post. He leans over and tosses a hand to one of the Lacy Springs High School football players with a shout out, “Hey, teen! I’m looking for Flamingo.” Each childhood friend and senior class mate that know the triplets are playing in football game on the active field.
One of the younger football players spins around with a gasp and races toward the fence post.
AJ nods. “Where’s Flamingo? I’m looking for Flamingo. Why isn’t he out there playing in the game?”
The younger football player sneers at AJ. “Yeah, where is Flamingo? He’s not here in the game.”
Arie gasps. The teen turns and nods to Arie. Everyone knows Arie McCory, “Hey, Miss Arie! Why isn’t Flamingo playing on the field right now? We need him out there to win the game.”
Arie gasps and covers her mouth with worry.
AJ exhales with confusion. “Son, are you telling me that Flamingo has abandoned his team and all of his teammates tonight at the game?”
The teen nods with a sneer. “Yeah, he’s gone. He and Cinco and Breck are all missing also. They didn’t eat the supper meal with us. They didn’t show up in the locker room for dressing out. They’re gone and missing right now from the game. We might lose the last football game, because of them.” 
AJ exhales. “What did the coach say?”
He laughs. “I can’t repeat that string of nasty, vile words in front of Miss Arie. But he’s mad too. He doesn’t know why or what. We thought they were grounded or something by you, Miss Arie.”
Arie shakes her curls and covers her mouth with worry in silence.
AJ nods with a stern face, “Thanks, son!” He back steps from the fence post with worry and slowly scoots down the fence sliding while getting out of the footpath of the other attendees. The gravel pathway is the only trail to the bathroom, the parking lot, and the food stands.
Arie sobs with tears and worry, leaning into AJ. “Where are my sons? What has happened to them?”
AJ exhales. “I don’t know, Arie. But we’ll find out.”
“Why would they abandon their team mates right now? This is the last football game of the season as a set of seniors. Breck and Cinco and Flamingo would never do that. I don’t understand this.”
AJ continues to scoot down the long fence post and watches the football game with worry. His mind is empty. He thinks that the three boys must be back at the house for some reason. “We go back home and see if the triplets are there. Something has happened. Something is keeping them away from us and this football game. We will find out and get them back here to play in the game, Arie. I promise you that.”
Arie wipes the tears of worry and sees only blurry lines in her vision. “We need to talk to the coach. He must know.”
AJ whips out his mobile telephone and calls Breck. Breck always totes around his mobile telephone as the first born triplet. The phone rings without an answer, moving into the voice mail box. He disconnects the call and then dials the same number telephone for a second time, in case he has missed Breck. The phone rings without an answer, moving into the voice mail box again. AJ drops the mobile telephone with a soft curse of worry. “Breck is not answering his phone either. Where are the boys at? What is wrong here? Did they say anything about not wanting to come to the game tonight, Arie?”
Arie bushes the tears of worry and shakes her curls. “No. They were excited about the game like always. They planned to win tonight and advance the team into the first round of playoffs. This makes no sense to me. Where are my babies?”
AJ nods and exhales with worry. “Let’s walk around the parking lot and find Breck’s truck or Flamingo’s sports car or Cinco’s motorcycle. If all three vehicles are here, then they are here. Then we ran down the fence post and talk with Coach Kraf next. If one of their vehicles is missing, they are not here.”
She sobs with tears of worry. “We should call Tommy Lee and report my three babies missing.”
AJ frowns. “We don’t have anything to tell Tommy Lee just yet. If the three vehicles are here, then we report that to Tommy Lee. Let’s hurry and find the three vehicles,” he cuddles Arie and swiftly moves through the moving bodies inside the stadium floor while strolling through the crowded parking lot while searching for each vehicle.


§


At 07:07 pm, on top of the gravel road, Breck’s truck stands on the gravel without power. The second pickup truck beams a set of bright light onto a line of four teens.
Flamingo stands between his two brothers. Acton stands beside Cinco and stares at the three young adult males.
Flamingo smiles at the three rednecks. “What’s this crap?”
Breck exhales with worry. “Shut up, Flamingo!”
The middle of the three young adults stares at each teen. “Who in the shit are these four cry-babies?”
The leader of the three young adults smiles at Flamingo.
Flamingo laughs. “What’s this crap, please?”
The leader of the three young adults smiles at Flamingo. He realizes the triplets from the fight inside the movie house, where the movie manager has banned his person and his two friends from attending a movie there.
Breck lifts both palms with a stern face. “We don’t want any trouble here. We are just changing a fix tire. Now, we’re on our way, buddy.”
Cinco leans over and whispers to Flamingo. “I realized these three ugly dudes. We beat their three asses this summer at the movie house, where our mama didn’t see or know. So, we can do it again.”
Flamingo smiles and whispers back to Cinco. “Fuck the three assholes! We need to steal their working pickup truck and get back into the our final football game.”
“I like that idea better.” Cinco laughs with a smile at the three dudes.
Breck smiles, “We can be friends. What’s your name?”
The leader of the three rednecks slaps his chest with a smile of missing teeth. “I’m Mighty…”
“Minnie. Mighty. Moe. Ho. No. Go.” Cinco points at each redneck and laughs out loud with Acton and Flamingo.
Breck frowns at the trio of young adult rednecks, “Shut up, Cinco!”
Cinco waves both of his hands in the air with a smile, “Lookie over here at me! Get going, ya three toads! There are four of us,” he lifts up four fingers, counting off each one. “One. Two. Three. Four.” He points at the three young adults. “You are three fools. One fool. Two fool. Three fool.”
The bigger of three young adults, Mighty jabs a dirty fingernail at Cinco with a sour frown. “That boy’s insulting me.”
Cinco laughs. “Yeah, I’ll continue to insult your ass. Can you even add or subtract mathematical numbers? We are four. You are three. Four minus three is one. That means, you have one less mean male than we, four,” he laughs.
The shorter adult male whips out a hand pistol and points at Cinco. “He’s got a gun.”
Breck gasps. “I see that he’s got a gun.”
The shortest young adult lifts up and shots his hand gun into the air. Each scared and worried teen shuffles with worry.
Acton frowns. “I hear that he’s got a gun.”
The shortest young adult laughs and points the barrel at Cinco. “Now, I can add too. I have a gun which is one. You got nothing. which is naught.”
Flamingo laughs. “I think he bested your silly rhyme, Cinco.”
Breck growls. “Shut up, Flamingo!”
The leader Mighty points into the grove of thick woodlands with a smile to each teen. “Move it! Go this way. Follow the leader which is me!” He laughs and leads the teens away from the safety of the roadway into the thick forest.


§


At 07:38 pm, inside the football game, AJ and Arie quickly return back from the parking lot and stand at the end of the stadium bleachers whispering their findings.
AJ frowns. “Breck’s truck is missing from the parking lot. But we found Flamingo’s parked sports car which is parked next to Cinco’s motorcycle. None of the vehicles are damaged or robbed or destroyed. Where are the boys at?”
She nods. “They park side by side here in the school’s parking lot, since they have been driving to school. What happened to Breck?”
“Nothing has happened to Breck. He and his two brothers are together but missing from the football game, the school grounds and our eyesight. Why are they missing? This does not make any sense."
She worries. “We need to tell Tommy Lee and my parents. We need to start searching Morgan County for my three boys. Have they been kidnapped by a gang of bad people? I mean…”
“I know what you mean, Arie. We want through that already. And I have covered all bases and did not find any more kidnappers.”
She gasps. “But I could have missed one.”
He nods. “Yes, I could have, but I did not. However, that football player mentioned that Coach Kraf didn’t know the whereabouts of the triplets, either. So, the triplets had attended their academic classes this morning and this afternoon. But they are missing from the football game.” AJ gasps in shock and stands in front of the cheerleader line, observing the action.
The rows of high school cheerleaders perform a dancing move, going side to side and clapping, cheering out loud with a smile. Except in the last row, a tall and skinny Babbie barely dances with her cheerleader moves and continues to stare into the huddle of football players. Maybe, she has noticed that Cinco is missing. Or maybe, she knows something is wrong.
AJ swiftly drags Arie toward the end of the fence post and stands in the grass away from the bleachers, the band members, and the parents. “Stay right here, Arie! I think I might have an answer.”
Arie sobs with tears of worry and controls her tears of concern. “What answer? AJ, we need to tell my parents and find Tommy Lee.” She wipes her tears and stands in worry.
AJ swiftly moves ahead over the grass with a sneer and marches through the last row of cheerleaders, reaching out, grabbing the arm on Babbie. His man-strength jerks her from the line. Babbie turns and screams in fear, seeing AJ, exhaling with worry. He slowly moves backward and drags Babbie with him, stopping and then stands in front of Arie at the end of the grassy field.
AJ and she are the same height. He leans into the face of Babbie and sneers. “Where is Cinco? He’s missing from the football game. You have noticed that too. Where are he and his two brothers?” High school senior student Babbie fidgets side to side and produces tears in her eyeballs with worry, wringing her hands with fear.
In the football stadium bleachers, among the loud noise of cheers, the parents of Babbie continue to sit in the bleacher seats but see the nasty commotion on top of the manicured grass. They barely know AJ and greatly dislike his set of ill-bred manners with their biological daughter. They swiftly exit the bleacher stands and then march ahead, pulling up beside their daughter. Her mother leans over and hugs her daughter with worry.
On top of the football field grass, in front of the marching band section, the crowd continues to cheer for their football team. AJ continues to stand beside Arie and sneers at Babbie. Babbie continues to sob with tears of worry. He growls with worry. “Where is Cinco, Babbie? You know, don’t you? Why is he not here at the last football game? What has happened to him and two brothers? Tell me! Is this life or death here?”
The father of Babbie steps closer and jabs a finger into the face of AJ. “Here! Here! We saw your manly behavior toward our daughter. And we do not approve. What is the meaning of this, AJ? I don’t really know you, sir. But this is our daughter, Babbie.”
Tommy Lee and his four deputies are used to scouting the stadium bleachers and the football field for any trouble or trouble maker. When he sees AJ jerk away a high school teenager from the cheerleader line, he becomes angry and marches over with his four deputies to investigate the matter. His four police deputies stop and huddle around the parents of Babbie. Tommy Lee stops and stands beside the father of Babbie with a sneer to AJ. “What in the hell is going on here, AJ? I saw you…”
“The triplets are missing from their home and the football game,” AJ continues to sneer at Babbie. “They are not here at the football game. No one knows their whereabouts either. Except, of course, for Babbie here, she knows. I’m trying to get her to tell me. Where is Cinco, Babbie?”
Babbie wipes the tears and sobs with worry. “Cinco, he told me. I promised not to tell anyone.”
Arie gasps in worry. “Babbie, Cinco, Flamingo, and Breck are missing from the football game. Did they plan to miss the game for something? Why are they missing the game?”
Babbie shakes her pixie cut and sobs with tears of worry, too, “No! They all were coming back here, before the start of the football game. I’m worried too. Cinco, he had promised me. He would return back here to the school campus, before the start of the football game. I didn’t see him here. I was looking for him. Cinco is not here. They went to get Acton at his house. Acton was missing from school today, so he was going to miss the football game too. Acton would miss a chance at a football scholarship, if he didn’t play tonight.”
“That does not make any sense, Babbie.” AJ frowns.
She nods and sobs with worry. “Acton, someone was beating up on his big body. Flamingo saw the ugly bruises and told his two brothers. Cinco told me too. And he told me not to tell anyone. So, Cinco, Flamingo, and Breck went to Acton’s house to confront that guy that was beating up on Acton. Then, they would bring their friend Acton back here to play in the football game. But they aren’t here. I’m so worried.”
AJ gasps in worry, “My gawd! We gotta go and get them, before something bad happens, Tommy Lee.”
“Something bad has already happened, AJ! The four boys are not here and missing the last football game of the season as a senior high schooler.” Tommy Lee spins around and nods to each deputy. “Go and get into your police car and clear a road path for me and AJ down the highway and towards Acton’s home! AJ, come with me!” The four police deputies nod and spin around, racing ahead toward an individual police car, entering the car and drives away from the school, speeding down the highway toward Acton’s house.
AJ leans over and kisses the wet cheekbone, pulling back with a fake smile to Arie. “I promise. I’m coming back and bringing all them back home. Don’t worry!”
Iredell, Jarvis, and Reese have been watching the commotion at the end of the field, not the football game. They appear and huddle around Arie with worry. 
AJ turns and nods to the other family members. “The triplets are in terrible trouble. They had decided to help their friend Acton, on their own. Someone has been beating up on Acton.”
Jarvis gasps in alarm, “My gawd! That boy is a mountain man now. Who in the world could beat up on that tall teen?”
“A monster!” AJ nods. “Please, take Arie and stay at the ranch house, in case, we need something. Tommy Lee and I are going to get the triplets and Acton. We’ll contact you the minute we have them.” He moves ahead with a worried brow with Tommy Lee.
Iredell spins around with a stern face, “Go on, AJ and Tommy Lee! We’ll stay with Arie,” she turns and nods to Babbie. “Babbie, dear, do you and your parents wanna come with us at the ranch house? You are family to us, dear. We all can worry about the triplets and our friend Acton in a calmer place.”
Babbie nods in silence. Her parents gasp in worry and nod in silence too. They all spin around and advance toward an individual vehicle expressing sobs of tears and worries of fear.
On top of the grassy field, moving onto the nicely paved entranceway and the paved high school parking lot, Tommy Lee races ahead toward his personal police car and shouts to AJ. “We’ll take my police car on our official police business. We’re going to Acton’s house and rescue four boys from evil.”
AJ dashes beside Tommy Lee with worry. “Do you know where he lives?”
He nods. “It is not a good part of town. It is even in a town. It’s the woodlands with snakes and coyotes. I know his personal home residence. And if someone has harmed one of these boys, then I’ll be pissed to the moon.” Tommy Lee stops and slides into the unlocked car. No person would dare to steal a police car here in Lacy Springs. He cranks the cold engine, without waiting for the metal too warm and then swiftly speeds off the school campus ground, flashing the blue and white lights, sounding the police sirens. He follows a few miles back from his four deputies.


§


At 08:08 pm, within the grove of thick woodlands, a narrow, flat, tree leave-coated footpath leads towards a wide circular clearing which is surrounded by a row of tall shade trees. The clearing holds short grass, rows of plant bushes, and trees. On the eastern side within the clearing, a row of four flat tree stumps stands beside a large oak tree. A tall pole holds a bright flood light illuminates the entire clearing.
Breck moves ahead and enters the clearing, stopping a few feet from a row of bushes, scanning the area. “Where are we located at?”
Acton moves behind and stops beside Breck gasping at the object. “That’s my step-cousin up there.”
Cinco moves ahead and stops beside Acton, gasping at the object. “That’s a dead man up there.”
“That’s a blue man.” Flamingo stops and stands beside Cinco, frowning at the object. “He has been dead for a couple of hours while hanging by his set of broken and naked neck muscles on that thick tree limb.”
On the eastern side of the clearing, a row of four flat tree stumps stands a few feet apart beside a massive oak tree. The nearest flat tree stump displays an extremely tall unknown male, who wears a rope necklace around his naked throat. He is colored in dark blue tint of death from a vicious hanging by the three rednecks.
The leader, tall, pale skinned, dark brown colored hair, Mighty moves ahead and then spins around to see the four teens, pointing at the dead male. “Well, it’s been about two hours, since we whipped his butt.”
Cinco leans over and whispers to Flamingo. “We didn’t whip his butt. He whipped our butt. Then we paid him off.”
Flamingo frowns. “He did. May Almighty God rest his soul! These three rednecks must have seen him accounting out his money. I feel bad that we gave him our cash which got his ass killed.”
An average height young adult, a light colored and red haired Moe halts and spins around with a mouth of missing teeth, wiggling a wad of cash money near his grin. “Now, that dead guy up there on hanging around the tree limb was carrying this stuff. Now, if you have more of this soft stuff, then we’ll release your persons here into the wilderness. If you survive the snakes and coyote…”
“Snakes!” Cinco gasps in panic and looks down at the grass with worry.
Flamingo gasps in worry. “I don’t have any more money from the wallet for you, slick.”
Breck gasps in alarm and bumps into the rib cage on Flamingo. “That’s not the right answer, Flamingo. Do not tell them our secret first, dumb ass!”
Flamingo frowns. “O! I’m sorry. I do not have any money for you, three assholes,” he laughs.
Moe smiles and shakes the cash near his grin. “Does any one of you, three sewer turds have cash money like this wad?”
Silence fills the airwaves.
Moe frowns. “Well then, there’s only one thing left.”
“Yes, you will let us go back home. I really want my mommy now.” Flamingo laughs.
Minnie turns and aims the cold pistol barrel at Flamingo with a sour frown, “That not the right answer, slick. That be the wrong move, buddy. Now, you be invited to meet my new friends.”
Acton continues to hold both palms in the air and stands in place, scanning the clearing with worry. “What new friends?”
“Are more of you coming here?” Breck continues to hold both palms in the air and stands in place also, surveying the clearing too.
Cinco continues to lean and whisper to Flamingo, “How are we going to get out of this thing?”
Flamingo smiles, “Don’t worry!”
He frowns. “I am worried.”
Minnie turns and points the barrel at Breck with a laugh. “Move now! Get on top of that empty flat tree stump, boy!”
Breck stands in place and gasps in worry. “No.”
Mighty laughs with a nod. “Who wants to stand by the blue tinted dead man?”
Moe points a dirty finger at Acton with an evil tone, “I want that black man tied up on our nice and rough rope necklace first.”
Flamingo continues to stand and stares at Minnie with a smirk, “Well, that’s an intriguing statement to my eardrums.” 
Breck leans over and growls into the eardrum on Flamingo. “Shut it, Flamingo!”
Flamingo nods to Minnie. “Why are selecting my friend Acton first? Does his sassy personality piss your off brain cells instead of your pussy dick first?”
Minnie waves the gun at Acton. Acton slowly scoots sideways and then turns to face the row of flat chopped down tree stumps, moving ahead toward the one next to his step-cousin. Moe dashes ahead and climbs the tall oak tree. Minnie moves ahead and points the gun at the back spine on Action laughing out loud. “It’s his silky black skin that pisses me off.”
“Well, that is a different matter.” Flamingo continues to stand with both palms near his smile.
“Shut it, Flamingo!” Breck stands with both palms in the air and stares with a frown at the two other young adults.
Acton climbs up and stands on top of the flat tree stump. Moe climbs up and crawls over the tree limb, flinging down a rope that is tied in a circle. Minnie places the gun in the front of his jeans and stands behind Acton, tying both wrist bones with an additional piece of rope and the circular piece of rope around his naked throat with an evil laugh. He slaps Acton on the back spine. Acton gasps in shock and swings side to side as his rope necklace cuts into his naked skin.
Minnie jumps down and returns back, standing beside Mighty.
Moe continues to rest on top of the tree limb.
Minnie points the gun at Cinco. “Move it, horse turd!”
Flamingo collides into Cinco. “Don’t sweat it! I got a plan.”
“Well, hurry up with your brilliant rescue plan, before my neck bleeds and then cracks to the wrong side, dude.” Cinco slowly moves ahead, climbs the tree stump, and stands in silence. Minnie ties both the wrist bones behind the back spine on Cinco and the rope necklace around the thick naked throat muscles on Cinco also. 
Mighty points with a smile at Flamingo. Flamingo collides into Breck. “Go on! I got a plan.”
“What!” Breck gasps in shock.
Flamingo continues to hold his palms in the air and shuffles side to side in front of Mighty with a smile. “Let me get this straight, sir! You are judging a man by the color of his skin, only. Now, I really can’t disagree that each human possessed a different or similar colored skin tone. That’s the purpose of DNA, coming from our mama plus our daddy.”
On top of the second tree stump, Cinco wobbles side to side while trying to untie the rope bracelets around each wrist bone with a chuckle. “Does that pale-faced monkey even have a daddy?”
On top of the third tree stump next to his dead step-cousin, Acton shuffles side to side and works to untie one of his wrist bones from the rope bracelet, sneering at his friend, “Shut it, Cinco!”
On the ground, Mighty stands in front of Breck and Flamingo, laughing out loud, pointing at Breck, “You, go and get up here now!”
“What!” Breck scoots sideways with a sneer at Flamingo and spins around, moving ahead. He climbs the tree stump and stands upright. Minnie ties both of the wrist bones on Breck and provides a rope necklace around the naked throat on Breck also, jumping down, moving back to Mighty.
Moe rests on top of the tree limb and points down to each teen that stands upright on top of an uneven tree stump while wobbling side to side while still breathing for the moment. “There ain’t no more hanging ropes here on the tree limb, Mighty. I let the three hang around here and then I can cut the first dead one down for a new tree stump for the third horse turd.”
Mighty frowns, “Naw! He weighs too much. We let the birds and squirrels eat his body. Then we take down the lighter bones.”
“That’s a very good idea,” Cinco wobbles side to side with soft laughter.
Breck struggles with the rope necklace with worry and sneers beside his brother. “Shut it, Cinco!” his tippy toes barely touch the flat tree stump surface. His hanging body slowly sways back and forth in the air. His two wrist bones are still tied behind his back spine. His hand reaches down and touches the mobile telephone inside the rear pocket on his blue jeans, finding nothing. His mobile telephone is inside the truck cab on top of the dashboard.
On the ground, Flamingo continues to pace back and forth in front of the two young adults. “And I really can’t disagree that each human life form possesses a limited number of permanent neurons?”
Minnie stands beside tall Mighty and wears a confused brow. “What’s that boy saying about me?”
Flamingo drops down both hands with a chuckle and continues to pace back and forth in front of the two young adults. “The number of neurons determines if you possess a low or high or average intelligence that is the part of the mind that creates rational thought processes.”
Moe rests on top of the tree limb with a sour frown. “Is that boy calling me dumb?”
“Naw!” The leader of the young adults, Mighty points at the tree and then at Moe, “I’m calling you dumb. Get off that tree limb and come over here, Moe.”
Moe climbs down the tree and dashes ahead, standing beside Minnie in silence.
Flamingo continues to pace back and forth and smiles at each young adult, where Breck, Cinco, and Acton continues to hang down from the tree limb wobbling side to side still breathing air. Flamingo grins with a nod. “However, if you are going to judge a man by the color of his skin only, then I would suggest starting with me, my skin color,” he stops and stares at the three young adults, who are not in college, not in high school, and work at the local slaughter house. “My skin tone is a cross somewhere between a light brown and a golden brown.”
Cinco dangles from his rope necklace and slowly sways side to side, touching the flat tree stump with the tip of his biker boots, shouting out loud. “Your skin is called coffee, Flamingo.”
Breck grunts with worry and shuffles side to side over the tree stump.
On the ground, Flamingo nods with a smile to three young adult males. “Thank you very much, Cinco. My skin tone is coffee colored and flavored by the girls,” he laughs. “And I possess excellent vision with two acute eyeballs. So, my skin tone is different from yours, sir. Do you like my skin tone, sir?”
Moe sneers at Flamingo. “Naw, I don’t like ya, horse turd.”
Flamingo nods with a chuckle. “That’s a negative no. But I do believe your answer is no, not yes.”
Hanging from the three rope noose, Cinco soft laughs out loud. “Double counted.”
Breck wobbles side to side without trying to untie his two wrist bones that are behind his back spine while panting with worry as his neck hangs loose in the rope necklace.
On the ground, Minnie frowns and points his gun at Flamingo “What’s he foddering here?”
Hanging from the third rope noose, Acton wiggles a hand loose from his back spine. His free hand grabs the rope necklace and pulls it away from his naked, tender throat muscles and as his body shuffles side to side, whispering back to Cinco. “Flamingo is stalling for time while I detangle from the ropes. What’s your 911, Cinco?”
Hanging down from the second rope noose, Cinco wiggles the ropes around his wrist bones without success, exhaling with disappointment. “O! Okay. I got it. I can take two of them as soon as I am loose.”
Acton exhales. “The football game has already started without us. I’m missing the gut and glory of victory here. This is our last football game as a high school senior. No more games. No more victories. No more fun.”
“Okay.” Cinco wobbles side to side while trying to untie one or both of the wrist bones from the rope bracelet, grinding his teeth. “I can take all of them.”
On the ground, Flamingo continues to pace back and forth and smiles at each stupid young adult. 
“Of course, I am sorry about that. Your single answer is a straight forward no. I understand now. Now, your sneering friend, over here, seems to wear an olive colored tone on his skin. It is not your skin tone of glowing white pale tone and it is not my coffee skin tone, and it is not the silky black skin tone on my friend Acton. Do you prefer the tone of olive color on the skin, sir?”
Moe frowns at Flamingo. “What’s this asshole mouth piece spitting about?”
Mighty turns and stares at his friend Minnie and then returns back to see Flamingo. “Yeah.”
“All right,” Flamingo smiles with a nod. “We are making very, very good progress here. You like your skin tone of glowing pale white hue. That is good. You like the olive colored skin tone on your ‘bestest’ childhood friend, who is named Minnie for some silly reason. Or is he one of your blood-relatives, who might be twice or thrice removed from your family tree?” He laughs.
Minnie frowns. “He ain’t my kinfolk. He’s my friend.”
Flamingo nods with a stern face, “That is an excellent answer, my new non-friend! That works my cause…”
Minnie frowns, “Cause of what? What are you causing here?”
Moe points a finger at Flamingo. "The horse turd is causing nothing but trouble here, Mighty?”
Flamingo nods. “As I was lecturing before, you do not like the coffee skin tone on my body. And you do not like the black skin tone on my friend Acton. Now, your other snarling friend wears…”
“…an ugly skin tone of yellow belly liver coward,” Moe points and laughs at his friend Minnie.
Flamingo smiles, “Well, I will not comment on that bold statement, gentlemen. But I would like to point out that your shortest friend wears a lighter shade of pink-pinky skin tone which is pretty like a girl.”
“What!” Moe gasps in shock and looks down to view his two naked hands.
Mighty turns with a gasp and continues to hold the hand pistol with one hand, staring at Moe in silence.
Minnie turns and gasps at Moe, reaching out, touching the cheekbone on Moe with a laugh. He pulls back his hand and slaps his chest with a smile. “Your skin is pink colored like a girl. The horse turd is right.”
Flamingo stands in place and jabs a finger at Moe. “Well, I would to point out that Moe’s skin tone is not glowing pale white or silky black hue or olive color or coffee tan. So, what do you think of that skin tone, sir?”
Mighty aims the barrel at Moe and fires the gun. A single bullet hits the chest on Moe. Moe tumbles backward with spurting numerous red colored blood proteins in the air and then falls down on top of the weeds and grass while wiggling side to side, before stillness in death.
Mighty growls, “I don’t.”
Flamingo gasps in alarm and stares down at the dead shorter young adult, who is named Moe. Then he launches ahead and slams into a tall Mighty, kicking away the hand pistol through the air. The pistol falls into the plant bushes. Flamingo rears back and slams a folded fist into the cheekbone on Mighty.
Minnie continues to stare down at his dead friend Moe and then looks up, racing ahead with a rebel yell, jumping on the back spine on Flamingo.
Flamingo feels the weight from Minnie and bows down at his fit waistline, landing on one kneecap. Minnie plummets ahead and collides into Mighty as both of adults tumble backward and fall down on the ground.
Flamingo stands upright with gasp and spins around, racing to Breck first who continues to hang from the first rope noose.
“Hit the dirt, Flamingo!” Cinco yells in alarm and as hangs down from the second rope necklace on the thick oak tree branch.
Flamingo drops down and slides over the wet grass, stopping before hitting the tree stump bark. The hunting knife sails through the air and stabs the first tree stump with Breck. Breck rocks side to side with a heavy grunt of fear.
Flamingo flips around and kicks up a leg, hitting the chest on Minnie. Minnie soars through the air and lands on top of the plant bush. 
Mighty races ahead from the row of bushes and wears a sour frown while growling at Flamingo.
Flamingo stands upright and dashes around the clearing, moving away from the row of tree stumps. Another punch on any of one of the tree stumps might cause a hanging on one of his brothers or his friend Acton, where Flamingo cannot perform a rescue right now.
Mighty leaps into the air and lands at the back spine on Flamingo. Flamingo falls down and flips over, kicking and punching the tall adult.
Minnie stands upright from the bushes and spins around, racing ahead with a sneer for Flamingo.
Flamingo rolls sideways and then stands upright, swinging both arms, hitting Minnie in the mouth. Minnie drops back and wipes the blood from his face with a sneer. Flamingo continues to swing both arms and then hits Mighty in the stomach.
Minnie races ahead and rears back, hitting Flamingo in the cheekbone. Flamingo flies to the side and lands on top of the row of bushes, resting in pain.
Hanging down from the second rope noose, Cinco gasps in alarm and wobbles side to side, shouting out loud at Minnie. “Ya’ll are a picnic basket of big wussies. Come over here and fight with a real man.” He tries to kick out a boot but his body sways too much and as the rope necklace cuts off his breathing.
“I wanna hang a real man. Shore, buddy! I’m coming to get you, smart ass.” Minnie spins around and gasps in alarm at Cinco, slowly moving ahead to hang the teen into death.
On the ground, Flamingo hears the death threat to Cinco and coughs with worry, “No. No.” He swiftly stands upright from the grass with a loud grunt and spins around, wobbling side to side, seeing double vision from each tree within the woodlands. He slowly says. “I’m the man here. Come back here and fight me first.” He dashes ahead and leaps into the air, landing on the back spine of Minnie.
Mighty leaps from the grass and flies through the air and then lands on top of Flamingo. Flamingo tumbles down and then rolls side to side, kicking out each naked foot, sometimes connecting to a jaw line. He punches out each folded fist, sometimes connecting into a rib cage on one of the adults.
Mighty rolls away from Flamingo and rests on his back spine, grunting in pain.
Minnie stands upright and leans down picking up Flamingo who bleeds from his lips and his cheekbone in pain. He rears back and folds his fist.
Flamingo kicks out a foot and hits the hidden penis on Minnie. Minnie bows down with a set of high pitched girly squeaks of pain towards Flamingo. Flamingo lifts up both of his fists and hits the back spine on Minnie. Minnie falls down on the grass in pain and loud moans of discomfort.
Mighty stands upright from the grass and then races ahead, colliding into Flamingo. They twirl around in a circle and grunt into each other face.
At the edge of the clearing, Sheriff Tommy Lee appears with a sneer and stands on top of the soil beside that tall shade tree, lifting up the shotgun, blowing off the tree leaves.
Mighty and Flamingo stop twirling and stare at the new visitor, the sheriff of Lacy Springs. Mighty shoves Flamingo into the row of plant bushes and then spins around, dashing into the thick forestland with his friend Minnie.
Tommy Lee points and yells out loud at the forest. “Go and arrest these two males for beating up a minor, deputies.” Two of the deputies race ahead and disappear into the woodlands.
AJ appears at the edge of the clearing and races ahead toward Breck first with worry. “O my gawd! Tommy Lee, come over here and help me get Breck, Cinco, and Acton off their individual rope nooses.” He stops and climbs the tree stump, whipping off his switchblade, cutting off the wrist bone rope bracelet first.
The third deputy races ahead and climbs the second tree stump, whipping out his switchblade, sawing off the wrist bone rope bracelet on Cinco first.
The fourth sheriff’s deputy duplicates AJ’s move and works to loosen Acton from the rope necklace next.
On the ground, Flamingo rests on the grass and moans in pain, without standing to assist his brothers or his friend Acton.
Tommy Lee places the shotgun on top of his collar bone and slowly moves ahead, stopping in front of the four tree stumps inside the clearing, staring at each teen and then the hanging dead body. “Who is the blue guy?”
Acton coughs and then gags, shouting out loud, dancing side to side over the uneven tree stump. “He’s my step-cousin. These same three guys kidnapped and then killed him first.”
“Where’s the third guy?”
Cinco coughs and then gags, shouting out loud, shuffling side to side over the uneven tree stump also. “There’s a dead body over by the plant bushes behind your butt-hole, Tommy Lee.”
Tommy Lee nods and studies the tree limb with the three individual looped ropes, “All right! I will look at him later. Flamingo, are you okay?”
Flamingo continues to rest over the grass and moans out loud, “Fine…”
Tommy Lee frowns at the three teens. “A neck hanging can be a very painful and slow experience or it can become a quick and easy snap depending on how the rope noose had been tied. So, don’t panic here!”
“I am not panicking here. But the twisted and tied ropes on Breck’s wrist bones and his neck muscles are wet and very, very hard to cut off his wrist bones with my big switchblade.” AJ continues to saw the blade through the thick piece of rope and as Breck dangles from the tree limb and dances on his boot toes while gasping for breath from fear, not death.
Tommy Lee nods and studies the tree limb. “We cannot pull each teen down from that two hundred year old tree limb. That swiftly action will snap their neck for shore and then strangle their esophagus in death.”
AJ continues to saw the wet ropes with frustration and worry. He is so glad that Arie is not here with him. She would faint from horror or turn into a crazy women seeing her two sons hang off a tree limb. “We can’t wait around for sunrise, Tommy Lee.”
One of the deputies says. “We can call 911 and get a team of firefighters and paramedics here.”
Tommy Lee frowns. “We don’t have time for them. And we can’t just undo or untie each rope knot. If you try and then fail, Breck will suffer serious or permanent neck damage.”
“Thanks, Tommy Lee,” Breck gags with worry.
The third police deputy frowns and tosses both of his arms in the air, holding the knife, standing behind Cinco. “I agree with AJ and my fellow deputy. The set of wet ropes are too twisted and too tight around each wrist bone and their tender naked throat muscles. My blade can’t cut through without swinging Cinco too far forward or too far backwards which will result…” he frowns. “What to do, Tommy Lee?”
Tommy Lee stares and studies the situation. “What to do? What to do?”
AJ stops the sawing and stands behind Breck. “Well, we can lift each teen in the air and try to saw off the rope noose first.”
Tommy Lee shakes his skull. “If you lift Breck into the air, then you can’t drop him back down which will tightened the rope noose and snap his neck. You should never attempt to undo a rope knot while carrying around the live victim.”
“Thanks, Tommy Lee,” Breck coughs and then gags with annoyance, still dancing over the flat tree stump with worry and fear.
The third deputy replaces his switchblade back down in his pocket and then reaches down, wrapping both of cupped hands around the fit waistline on Cinco, nodding to Tommy Lee. “We lift each teen in the air. Lifting is the best option here. Cinco can’t lift his body from the uneven tree trunk. So, if you can support their weight, then it will lessen the pressure of the rope noose around their neck. Then, we call 911 and get an army of first responders out here with a set of better tools to cut down these teens, Tommy Lee.”
AJ nods. “I like that idea! It’s a good idea!”
The fourth deputy stops the sawing and nods to Tommy Lee. “I agree. We need a bigger knife, such like, an axe or a chain saw to cut through the wet, thick ropes which act like living plant vines, Tommy Lee. If we find a better instrument, then we can hold each teen in the air and cut off the rope.”
Tommy Lee frowns. “We don’t carry a chain saw in police cars. But I got my shotgun and lots of shotgun shells.”
AJ gasps. “No!”
The third sheriff’s deputy gasps. “No!”
Acton gasps in fear. “No!”
Breck gasps in fear. “No!”
The fourth sheriff’s deputy gasps in fear. “No!”
“Yeah!” Cinco laughs and then coughs out loud, wobbling side to side over the uneven tree stump.
Tommy Lee laughs, “Yeah, Cinco trusts me. Don’t ya, boy!”
Hanging from the third rope noose, Cinco coughs and then gags. “I trust anyone that can free my neck, right now, from this burning rope,” he dances around the uneven tree stump with annoyance.
Tommy Lee sweeps his hand and orders. “Go and get every blanket and floor mat from the police cars and rip off your shirts. I wanna cover each face from the flying powder coming from each shotgun shell. I am going to burn a bullet hole below the wet rope knot on the tree limb.”
The fourth deputy climbs down and dashes ahead toward Tommy Lee. “You should burn a set of bullets through the limb that holds each teen on the tree. Then we don’t have to shoot each teen down from the limb.”
Tommy Lee frowns at the tree, “Naw. This tall shade tree is over two hundred years old. Each tree branch is tough and thick and has lived through tornados and thunderstorms and harsh winter storms here within its woodlands home. That tree limb will fall down and then injury each teen or worse. Hurry now! Go and get the floor mats and all the blankets and anything else that will protect each face on each person. We need to get the boys back into the football game before the Lacy Springs Pigeons lose it all tonight.”
Each deputy along with AJ swiftly exits the clearing and rushes back toward the line of parked police cars.
Tommy Lee moves ahead toward Flamingo and squats down, dropping the shotgun on the ground, reaching out. He probes the ground body on the teen with worry. “Flamingo, are you hurt? Are you injured? Is a bone broken, boy? Your mouth is bleeding. Can you breathe? Do you need a physician, son? The football game has started and might be ending if we don’t get ya’ll boys back to the field. The Lacy Springs Pigeons are missing their star quarterback,” he assists Flamingo from the grass.
Flamingo gasps in pain and exhales in more pain with a whisper, standing upright but folds down at his fitted waistline with a whisper, “Naw.”
He grabs the shotgun and stands upright while frowning at the teen. “What’s wrong, Flamingo?”
Flamingo coughs and then gags in pain, spitting out blood from his busted lips, cuddling his rib cage. “My ribs, my ribs are banged up. That’s all! I’m fine,” he exhales with a set of heavy breaths and then slowly inhales with pain, leaning against a hidden tree stump among the row of plant bushes.
Tommy Lee slaps the bicep on Flamingo as Flamingo gags in pain. Tommy Lee smiles, “Good! We need you back as the star quarterback to win the football game in a few more minutes, after I shoot down each rope necklace on your two brothers and your friend Acton.”
The first two deputies appear from the dark woods and drag back a young adult in a pair of silver tinted handcuffs, stopping in front of Tommy Lee, dropping each male down on the grass.
Tommy Lee slowly spins around and laughs with a smile at the two criminals. “Aw, shit! I got a duo of kidnappers of minor children and also two cold-blood murderers between my fingers. I like having two cold-blooded murderers inside my single jail cells. Do you wanna know why, son? Do you wanna know what we do to two cold-blooded murderers? Huh, boys! Take this shitty trash and lock each one in a private cell. I’ll be there shortly to interrogate and decided my sentencing.”
One of the young adults shouts out loud with a sneer. “I wanna a lawyer.”
Tommy Lee flips a hand with a smile. “You got the right to a lawyer, son. Call the Lacy Springs district attorney and be damn shore to tell her that we are housing a pair of cold-blooded murderers. Ya’ll get your lawyer and your justice here in Lacy Springs, Alabama. I promise you that statement.”
Each sheriff’s deputy and AJ quickly return back into the woodlands clearing with two arms of supplies.
AJ shouts out loud. “We’re back, Tommy Lee. We have every blanket, floor mat, and some thick winter coats and sweaters for each face and body.”
Tommy Lee spins around and orders to each deputy and AJ. “I want Breck and his two holders both dressed to protect a face from the remnants of the shotgun shell. And a set of men to lift and hold Breck up from the tree stump. I’m going to shoot the shit outta of the rope that is tied closer to the tree limb without hitting the tree limb or Breck. Get moving! We’re running outta of time here.”
A few minutes later, Acton and Breck are both wearing a nasty, dirty floor mat over his face for protection from the shotgun residue.
AJ and two deputies are dressed in thick blankets and winter clothing to protect their face, standing on top of the uneven tree stump, holding Breck sorta sideways while loosening the rope necklace.
Cinco and each one of the deputies are dressed in a floor mat and a blanket for protection also.
Tommy Lee lifts up and aims the shotgun barrel at the target spot below the wet and tied rope knot on the tree limb, shouting out loud the warning. “Do not drop Breck! Stay calm! Breath in, Breck! Stay steady on your boot heels, guys! I am going to fire the shell on the count of three, so you are not scared of the upcoming boom sound. One. Two. Three.”
A single shotgun shell launches from the cold barrel and hits the wet rope dead center as the rope quickly burns and smells from the slight heat and a tiny fire of sparks. Breck’s body swiftly drops down from the ancient tree limb, but AJ and the deputy grunt out loud and hold Breck from hitting down on top of the grassy ground. They rest Breck on top of the uneven tree stump while AJ cuts off one of the wrist bones. Breck slowly slides off the tree trunk and still wears the floor mat.
Tommy Lee sweeps his hand and turns, aiming the heated barrel at Cinco. “Everyone, move outta of the way and protect your face. I need to release Cinco next!” He fires off another shotgun shell which releases the hanging body of Cinco. He repeats for a third time and releases the hanging body on Acton.
A few minutes later, Cinco and Acton are freed from the rope bracelets. Tommy Lee shouts out loud. “Cinco, Breck, and Flamingo, go and ride with AJ inside Breck’s truck. Acton, you need to ride with me. I need to hear and record your personal crime story with your dead cousin, your injured mama, and the kidnapping of your person and the triplets for my police records, before those two criminals go to trial in a few days. Deputies, please leave and clear each roadway for me and AJ. And arrest any bastard or bastardette that gives you a hard time,” he laughs. Each deputy exits the clearing and dashes back to the police car.
AJ, Breck, Cinco, and Acton exit the clearing with loud rebel yells of happiness while racing toward the roadway.
Inside the clearing, Tommy Lee moves ahead and cuddles with Flamingo. “Are you okay, Flamingo?”
Flamingo exhales in pain and slowly inhales with more pain with a whisper. “Yeah, yeah, I’m fine.”
Tommy Lee slowly exits the woodlands clearing along with Flamingo and worries.


Warm temperatures with gray clouds without stars
Lacy Springs High School
Football Game Stadium
Football field setting
08:55 pm


Driver Tommy Lee inside his personal police car with eighteen year old high schooler Acton slows the speed and then veers to the side, stopping on top of the vanilla colored sidewalk in front of the auditorium. Each car door opens. They exit and watch the pickup truck.
The pickup truck jolts to a halt and then stops, parking on the same sidewalk next to the police car. The two front doors open wide. Breck and Cinco slide down and stand beside the truck.
In the rear of the truck, AJ continues to kneel on top of the floor and probes the injured body on Flamingo with worry. Flamingo continues to lie on top of the bench seat and sweats in water, groaning in pain.
Cinco shifts sideways and opens the rear truck door, “Get out, Flamingo! We’re here at the football stadium.”
AJ spins around and shouts out loud to the teens. “Go inside and get dressed, Breck, Acton, and Cinco. I’ll get Flamingo inside the ball game. Get out on the football field and start playing. Tommy Lee!”
“Yo!” Tommy Lee hears his name and appears beside Cinco with a smile.
“Tommy Lee, go with Acton, Breck, and Cinco. Explain to Coach Kraf what happened and its okay for them to play in the football game right now. This wasn’t their fault for getting beaten like a puppy dog and kidnapped by a trio of high school losers,” he laughs with Tommy Lee.
Tommy Lee laughs and shoves Cinco, who is sneering at AJ. The sheriff smiles. “Get going, Cinco!” 
Cinco spins around and slams into his brother and then his friend Acton with fury breaking them apart. He dashes ahead toward the side door on the gymnasium. “Get outta of my way, Breck! I’m pissed and need to bust some heads, before I bust AJ’s first,” he races ahead with a sneer over the sidewalk through the dark corridor. Acton and Breck follow behind with a smile at running Cinco. They all disappear into the Sports Building.
At 09:09 in the heated night with bright stars, on the football field, Breck, Acton, and Cinco quickly dress in their football uniforms and then swiftly race out from the Sports Building, without a single cheer or clap coming from the roaring audience. Tommy Lee runs behind the three teens. They all dash around the outer edge of the football field without drawing attention and halt behind the line of assistant coaches.
The football score board displays: Home  3   Visitors  7
Coach Kraf spins around and sneers at Cinco first.
Tommy Lee swiftly moves ahead with a growl and shoves Kraf away from the line of high school football players, bad breathing into the face on the angry coach, telling the real story. Kraf gasps in alarm and then nods in silent understanding, scooting around Tommy Lee, halting in front of Cinco, Acton, and Breck.
The whistle blows and stops the live action on the football game field.
Kraf smiles and nods to Acton, thumbing back over his collar bone. “Acton, go in and substitute for jersey number 44. We’re still playing defense. We need the ball back to win our last game. Go, son!”
“Yes sir!” Acton dashes ahead from the sidelines and places his helmet over his head, slapping the back spine on number 44, accepting the place in the huddle. He listens to the defensive play.
During the active football plays on the field, Flamingo slowly limps out from the Sports Building beside AJ and wears his pale blue jersey of number one. He and AJ slowly follow the same footpath and curve around the outer football field and finally halt on the sidelines beside Breck and Cinco.
The whistle blows out loud. The play game ends.
Coach Kraf spins around and smiles at Flamingo. “We got the ball back. Flamingo, get out there on the field now, son!”
“I can’t.” Flamingo whispers and wobbles side to side, sweating from pain, closing his eyeballs. He leans against AJ for support.
AJ exhales with worry and stares at Kraf. “Flamingo, he was hurt during that teenly argument, Coach Kraf. He is not able to physical stand much less toss a football in the game.”
Kraf looks down and exhales with disappointment. “Then, we have lost the game and our chance at the first round of playoffs, this year.”
“Naw! Naw!” Cinco reaches over with a smile and cuddles with Breck, moving ahead to the coach, yelling out loud, “Coach! Coach Kraf! Breck, he can replace Flamingo. We’re triplets. He’s got the same arm, same throw. You got a kicker that becomes a quarterback, right here, right now, tonight, sir.”
Coach Kraf looks up and gasps at Cinco, nodding with a smile to Breck. “Breck, you’re the new quarterback. Go on, son! Get in the game right now! Toss the win for the team.”
Cinco holds his helmet and hands one to Breck, swiftly moving ahead, shoving Breck from the huddle. They place each helmet over the hair roots. Cinco cuddles his brother with a smile. “Breck, you can throw the football too.”
Breck gasps with alarm. “I can’t. Flamingo is the quarterback.”
The football announcer sits inside the press box and says into the microphone. “There is a substitute quarterback coming onto the football field, again. There have been six other substitute quarterbacks on the football field for Lacy Springs High School, tonight. What is going on with the quarterbacks? Where is the star quarterback Flamingo McCory? I see his jersey number one standing on the sidelines, not on the game field. What is he doing there, not on the field? He is in hiding among his team mates for some reason. On the playing field, the teen with the number nine belongs to Breck Freehurst McCory, the third. O! He’s one of three triplet brothers. He is the brother of Flamingo McCory. So, Lacy Springs High School does not have a quarterback. We shall see what his triplet brother can do with a football in a few more seconds, ya’ll. So, hold on!”
In the bleachers, Arie and her family members had returned back to the school, after the mobile telephone call from AJ. Her three sons and Acton are healthy and alive heading back to the high school stadium to play in the football game.
Arie swiftly stands upright from her seat and gasps in shock, staring down at the sidelines. “What’s happening down there? Breck, he has never played the position quarterback. He doesn’t know how. He can’t do this. Why is he out on the field? Where is Flamingo? Why isn’t Flamingo on the field?”
Her father Jarvis stands up with a smile and leans over, hugging daughter with a smile, whispering into her wet cheekbone of worry. “Arie, they are triplets. They are the same body frame and the same body mind. If Flamingo can toss a ball, then, of course, Breck can too. I see Flamingo on the sidelines. We know what happened but not the details. Flamingo must not be welling good enough to play football. Now, sit down! I wanna see the play that going to win the game for our home team.”
She exhales with worry and sits down with her father. Breck is not a quarterback. He is a kicker. The quarterback gets all the hard punches and makes all the tough decisions, which is Flamingo. The kicker only kicks the ball for three seconds, without getting hurt or making a tough decision, which is Breck. Breck is the leader of the triplets, but he takes the easy pathway through his short seventeen years of life. Now, he is facing a very tough short trip on the football field.
On the football field, Cinco moves over the chopped up field with dirt, grass, and blood and continues to cuddle Breck, saying with a smile. “Breck, you can throw the football too.”
“I can’t.”
“Yeah, we’re triplets. You got the same talent, the same arm.”
Breck gasps with alarm. “I can’t. Flamingo is the quarterback on our team.”
Cinco laughs. “Flamingo will return next week for the first game of playoffs.” He slaps the arm on his brother with confident and a smile. “You got the right number on your jersey for a quarterback. You are a triplet like Flamingo. We, three do and share everything. You can toss the ball like Flamingo.”
Breck exhales. “Then…then you toss the football like Flamingo.”
He continues to cuddle and slaps the arm on Breck with confidence. “I can’t, because I’m wearing the wrong jersey number,” laughing.
“I can’t.”
“You can. Be positive. This is your moment to shine. Everyone is watching you.”
Breck turns and spies on the bleacher without seeing his mother Arie. However, the audience is standing, jumping up and down, and cheering with excitement too.
Cinco continues to whisper into the cheekbone on Breck. “Be brave. Be quarterback. Get in there!”
“No one will be here to kick the ball.”
“We only need six points, a touchdown, not a field goal. You have moved up into the world of tough-ass, nose-bleed sports athletics,” Cinco stops with a laugh and huddles with the other football players.
One of the other Lacy Springs football players turns and sneers at Breck. “What the fuck is this?”
Cinco smiles, “This is Breck. You know Breck.”
“He’s the kicker.”
Cinco nods. “He’s the quarterback. What’s the play?”
The linebacker nods. “Yancy runs down the sideline. The quarterback tosses the ball to Yancy. Yancy scores and we win the game.”
Breck nods. “Got it!”
Each football player claps and then shuffles around the field, standing or crouching down into the offensive line formation in front of the opposing defensive team.
Doyle is the center football player and leans down, looking at the face on Breck between his leg stance.
“Hike! Hick! Hick!” Breck stands a few feet from the center line of players and catches the football from Doyle, shuffling backwards from the players and then halts. He rears back and pitches the football down the sideline towards Yancy.
Inside the press box, the male football announcer stands upright with excitement and yells into the microphone. “The ball is tossed. And it is going, going, going and gone through the hands of star running back Yancy.”
On the field, Yancy reaches up and catches nothing but air molecules, falling down on his face.
Inside the press box, the male announcer still stands and exhales with disappointment. “Well, it is second down for the home town of Pigeons, folks. Lacy Springs High gets another try to win the football game. The time clock has stopped at five seconds. That is plenty of time for another play or two.”
Each football team player quickly lines up again for the next football play on the field.
“Hike! Hike! Hike!” Breck catches the ball from Doyle again and shuffles backwards, halting in place, tossing the ball to Yancy again.
Cinco swiftly stands upright and slams into the defensive linemen, ripping the uniform from the guy with a set of loud sneers.
The football announcer stands and yells into the microphone. “The ball is tossed from the new Quarterback McCory. And it is going, going, going and gone through the hands of star running back Yancy again.”
The standing audience members each groan out loud, where the sad sound echoes across the field. The visitor audience members jump up and down with victory.
One defensive lineman charges at Breck. Breck drops down and hits the grass, without getting harmed.
The whistle blows out loud and stops the action play on the field.
Inside the press box, the paid male football announcer exhales. “Well, it is third down here, folks. There is one last try for a touchdown to win the football game, folks. Lacy Springs High gets one more try. The time clock has stopped at two seconds. That is plenty time for one more play. Then the game will end.”
In the huddle, the LSH football players stand together while grunts and curses at Breck.
Breck stands beside Cinco in silent worry.
Cinco leans over with a growl and grabs the shirt on Yancy, “Yancy, run down the middle of the field. Breck is going to toss the ball to you as you go down the middle. You will be standing in the end zone and catch the ball for the winning touchdown for the winning game.”
The other linebacker leans over and growls into the ear hole inside Cinco’s helmet. “That ain’t the game play from Coach Kraf.”
Cinco releases the shirt on Yancy and turns to growl to see his fellow player. “It’s my game play,” he returns back and leans over, grabbing the jersey shirt on each wide receiver. “You and you, run parallel with Yancy and guard him with your life. Do not get a penalty with your hands either! Shove the defender away, but guard Yancy, so he can catch the ball. That’s the game play to win our last game of the season.”
The same linebacker continues to lean into Cinco’s space and spit on Cinco’s helmet. “That ain’t the…”
Cinco turns back and shoves the linebacker away from his face with a growl. “That’s the game play. Get into position right now!”
The other football players slowly back step and then shuffle around, forming the offensive line, facing the defensive line. The game play waits on the quarterback Breck to get into his correct football position.
Cinco spins around and jogs with Breck, stopping a few feet from the offensive line, “Breath in and out. Stay calm. You can do this, Breck.” Breck spins around and stands in his quarterback spot, staring at the growling and mouth spitting line of mean and angry defensive linemen that had tackled him on the last play. Cinco leans over and smiles. “Do you trust me?”
He turns and gasps at Cinco. “What!”
“Do you trust me?”
“Well, yeah!”
“Good! I’m going to save your face from the line of mean defensive lineman and give you plenty of time to find and spot Yancy. Toss the ball to Yancy. He’ll catch it and win the game for us, me and you,” Cinco reaches over and slaps the chest on Breck, nodding with a smile. He spins around and jumps a few inches from the grass feeling excitement about the last senior play, on the last senior game, for the last senior football season as a senior football player. He lands down on the field and dashes toward the offensive line with a loud shouts and a smile of victory.
Breck continues to stand with a pair of solid hands but a shaky stomach guts, whispering for his eardrums only. “You can do this for Cinco, Flamingo, Acton, the seniors, my school.”
Cinco dashes ahead, halts, and leans down, whispering into the ear hole to Doyle, “Doyle, after tossing the ball back to Breck. Stand up and spread to your left and cover Breck. He needs time to find Yancy. I’m coming over to your side and guard the right side. We’ve going to shove these assholes back down to hell, so Breck can send the ball into heaven.”
Doyle continues to stand in his stance and whispers back with a smirk. “Yeah, I hear the sweet sound of victory.”
Cinco scoots sideways and shouts loud out words of war and battle for the last play of the game, stopping and crouching down into his offensive linemen position, growling at the teen in front of his face.
In the back of the field away from the two lines of teens, Breck stands and holds both arms in the air, “Hike! Hike! Hike!” He catches the football from Doyle and swiftly shuffles backwards.
Yancy and the two other wide receivers race ahead down the middle of the field.
Cinco swiftly stands upright from his crouching stance and viciously shoves his defensive lineman away from his face. The defensive lineman stumbles backward and falls down on the ground with a heavy growl. Cinco quickly shuffles sideways and shoves both set of players from his warpath while loudly growling at everyone, bumping into the side of Doyle.
Doyle shuffles to the left side and covers Breck, who shuffles all alone and isolated in the back field while watching Yancy. Cinco shuffles to the right side and covers Breck, reaching out, blocking each defensive lineman from reaching Breck also.
Breck halts and as his eyeballs finds Yancy in the middle of the end zone. The two wide receivers are running and guarding between Yancy and defending their charge per Cinco. He rears back and tosses the football.
Cinco shoves the defensive lineman from his face with a yell and then looks up, seeing the football fly overhead. They stop fighting and watch the flying football.
The other defensive lineman has locked both of arms around Doyle as they dance in a circle and then halt, spinning around to follow the football.
Near the goal post line, Yancy spins around and leaps up into the air, extending both arms toward the end zone.
The moment is still.
The football announcer stands inside the press box and yells out loud into the microphone. “The ball is tossed. The ball is tossed. This is the last play of the last game for Lacy Springs High. The time clock shows zero. The score is three to seven, in favor of the visitors. And the ball is going, going, going, going, and caught by star running back Yancy. Touch down! Touch down! Touch down! Lacy Springs High School has scored a touchdown. They have won the game. I do not see a single red tinted flag from the any of football referees for a penalty on the field. This is it. Lacy Springs High Pigeons have won the football game with a score of nine points to seven points to the Madison High School Horses.”
Yancy falls down onto the grass with a smile and cuddles the ball.
The whistle blows out loud on the field.
The other two wide receivers drop down and fall on top of Yancy with happiness of the victory.
Cinco bounces up and down on top of the grass with excitement, spinning around to face Breck, dashing ahead with a smile. He collides with his brother and spins them around, laughing out loud with happiness. “You did it. You did it. We tossed the winning ball. We win. We win the game.”
Breck nods with a smile in silence and overwhelmed with the excitement of the moment.
Each other football player from the sidelines and each Lacy Springs audience member burst from the stationary bleachers and crowds the grassy football field.
On the LSH sidelines, AJ smiles and wraps an arm around Flamingo on top of the bench seat, watching the victory dance by the players and the audience members.
In the bleachers, Arie continues to stand with her family members and claps with happiness but worries for her son Flamingo. As the crowd disperses, a couple of young adults assist older Jarvis, Reese, and Iredell from their seat and down onto the gravel ground. Arie maneuvers under her own body weight and lands in a huddle with her family members.
Jarvis, Reese, and Iredell move ahead and join the crowd, maneuvering toward Flamingo. They stop and talk with him on top of the bench seat while feeling a little better about the past dangerous situation. They spin around and struggle through the crowd to reach their other two grandsons and congratulations with the happy victory.
Arie struggles through the crowd and finally reaches AJ and Flamingo, standing in front of Flamingo, leaning down into his bruised face with alarm, “Flamingo!”
AJ continues to hug Flamingo with a smile. “Arie, Flamingo is the hero of the past moment, saving the lives of Cinco, Breck, and Acton. We will discuss that topic much later. He’s got some bumps and bruises. But, with tender loving care and two days of rest, he’ll be fine and dandy. He’s gotta rest up for the first playoff game in two weeks. Right, Flamingo?”
“Right, AJ!” Flamingo exhales with pain. “Mama, I’m okay. I just need some rest and sleep and food.”
AJ laughs. “That’s a good sign, if he’s hunger.”
Arie exhales with worry. “I would feel much better, if Flamingo went to the emergency room and was examined by a true licensed Alabama medical physician, instead of one little ass and one big ass…”
“Which ass are you, AJ?” Flamingo smiles and laughs while feeling the bruised rib cage.
“I think I’m the little one,” AJ laughs.
“Now!” Arie points with a sour frown towards the crowded parking lot.
AJ slowly stands with a nod at the real boss of his life and slowly assists Flamingo to stand. Flamingo grunts in pain, “All right! We’re leaving for the emergency room. However, you must stay here at the school and congratulate your other two sons on the team victory and fantastic football performance. We all will meet at the house and start to celebration while Flamingo is sleeping with a sedative injection in his ass and inside his private bedroom,” laughing.
Arie nods with a smile. “Yes, that’s a good idea,” she leans down and gently touches his non-bruised face. “I love you, Flamingo. AJ will take care of you. I’m going to see your brothers.”
“Enjoy the celebration, Mama! Tell Breck for me! He did a good job, but I get my job back next week,” Flamingo slightly laughs and as his body aches.
“Time to leave, Flamingo,” AJ leans over and cuddles Flamingo, slowly spinning them around, slowly moving toward the parked car for the hospital emergency room.
Arie back steps with a fake smile of worry and runs into another group of people, spinning around, struggling through the crowd. She eventually finds Breck and hugs him. “Breck, I’m so proud of you tonight. You take command and win the game for the school”
Breck hugs her with a smile. “Thanks, Mama! Where’s Flamingo?”
“AJ is taking Flamingo to the emergency room for a medical checkup. He will be home later and probably bed rest for a couple of days. However, he told me tell you that he gets his job back next week…”
Breck pulls back and smiles. “No prob, Mama! I’m only the substitute quarterback tonight. He can have his football role back, foreverly.”
Arie leans over and hugs her son with a smile at his football performance.



Two days later…


Sunday October 19th
Lacy Springs Church location
Hallway setting


After the church preaching, each patron scoots around the interior in the church, moving into the kitchen to prepare the lunch meal or outside near the row of wooden benches for some hot lip gossip.
Inside a wide hallway with gray tinted walls, a three year old little boy runs away from the hand on Violet dashing toward the pair of long legs on Breck. Breck wears his familiar worn but polished brown tinted cowboy boots with a white T-shirt, a blue sports coat, and a pair of faded blue jeans.
The little boy stops and rears back, kicking into the aqua colored leather inlay on Breck brown colored cowboy boot, without harming the big teen for kiddie fun. The boy shouts out loud the wrong proper name in a sissy alto, “Brick! Brick!”
“Hey, buddy!” Breck squats down with a smile and leans over, cuddling the little boy from the Church Revival week. The little boy giggles and extends his green colored toy farm tractor into the face on Breck for fun playtime.
A soft female soprano invades both of Breck’s eardrums and as her upright body stands beside Breck’s cheekbone. She squats down with a smile and stares at the little boy. “I’m so sorry. His name is Toby, my baby brother. He could stop talking about his show performance on top of the big stage, the big fire, and pretty song. And my parents were delighted with the cute play also. I’m Precilla. My family moved here to Lacy Springs a couple of weeks ago. The Fall Church Revival had been awesome. I have relocated last week for school, after completing my final examinations. I have working on my associate’s degree in pre-law at Burn U. We didn’t have an outdoor church event like this when I had lived in Huntsville. My daddy works on Redstone Point as an engineer,” she gasps. “O! I recognize your face. I know you. I mean I saw you. You are the quarterback that tossed the winning ball that won the football game on Friday night. Now, Lacy Springs is in the football playoffs. I was there with my family. We all saw you. It takes lots of talent and guts to become a quarterback for a football team.”
He smiles at the young female teen. “Thank you.”
Toby continues to lean into Breck and mouth spits out each word with a giggle, “Silly. Brick. Silly. Brick.”
Breck smiles at Toby. “Hey! That’s a new word, buddy.”
She smiles. “O! He is trying to say Cilla and…”
“Breck, that’s my true name.” Breck extends his hand with a nod to her. “I’m Breck.”
She shakes his hand and then releases it, standing upright with a smile. “O! My parents call me Cilla. I started here to Lacy Springs High last week and am one of the new dancers on LSH basketball dance team. After high school, I will attend Burn U and complete my degree and then enroll at the Bam U School of Law. I wanna become a criminal lawyer.”
He stands upright and touches the hair roots on the small boy. “You talk a lot.”
“Yeah, I received the gift of gab from Almighty God.”
“And pink hue your favorite color, I see.”
She slaps her dress with a smile. “I love the color of pink. I’m a girl. All girls love the color of pink.”
He points down the hallway with a smile. “And I love the color of pink on every girl too. It is very nice to meet ya, Cilla. Would you like a babysitter and an escort for the lunch meal inside the Fellowship Hall? I happen to know we are having a plate of spaghetti and thick meatballs.”
She extends her arm with a giggle. “You’re so thoughtful, Breck. I…I would enjoy both an escort and a babysitter. Toby can be such a handful.”
Breck accepts her arm and escorts Cilla down the crowded hallway while shoving Toby over the floor too in the same direction. They enter the Fellowship Hall for the lunch meal with smiles of happiness.


§


During the current high school calendar year, the Lacy Springs High School Pigeons won the state high school championship with Flamingo as the star quarterback. Acton became the star defensive back. Doyle was awarded the star offensive center position. Cinco became the star offensive linebacker. And Breck had substituted one more time in one of the playoffs as the quarterback for another shining moment within his athletic career in high school football.
Breck and Precilla became the newest, hottest couple at Lacy Springs High School.
Babbie and Cinco continued to drool over each other’s face inside the high school parking lot, every morning.
Violet and Flamingo continued to romance, only during the weekend, as each one attended a different classroom during the school hours.
In the month of January of a new calendar year at Lacy Springs High School, the triplets enjoyed playing other high school sports including basketball and baseball with their childhood high school friends while studying for each academic course, dating their individual girlfriend.
In the springtime, in the month of May, the school session of academic courses had been slowly completing while each student moved ahead towards the end of the school year with numerous daydreams of swimming, fishing, hiking, hunting, dancing, shopping, water skiing, and other additional fun events for the upcoming summertime days.
However, each student, especially a senior high schooler, had to attend the classroom and then finish each required final semester examination, even with failed academic grade, before graduating from the high school environment or advancing into the next academic grade at Lacy Springs High School.



One year ago…


On the second floor inside the hayloft space within the old red painted barn, the herd of horses did not live. The naked hand gently touched and then caressed the brown tinted eyebrow on the female. The female giggled with affection.
Then the naked hand shifted down and touched the outline of her soft pink lips. The female chuckles with her love-lust.
Then the naked hand lowered down and touched the outline of her pink tinted silky blouse. The female moaned with passion.
Then the naked hand ripped off the blouse and exposed her naked breasts. The female leaned over and kissed his pair of soft lips, pulling back with a smile and a whisper. “I love you!”
“Yeah!” The triplet leaned down and kissed the female with a soft moan.



Present day and time and place and space


Friday May 1st


City of Lacy Spring within US State of Alabama
    (15 miles, south, from Huntsville)
Hot temperatures with sunny blue sky

McCory Ranch home
    (four miles, northeast, from Highway 231 and north Highway 31)
Kitchen room setting
2:08 p.m.


Three carefree, seventeen years old, males enter the kitchen at the McCory house, one-at-a-time, coming from the side door, after carefully storing an individual riding transport inside the six-door garage space. They chuckle over a series of stupid redneck gossip coming from the lips of each one of their redneck friends while slamming a heavy and ratty black tinted backpack of books, pens, and paper down on the kitchen floor.
Flamingo scoots ahead with a stern face toward the breakfast table first and then slide down into an empty, thickly padded chair reaching out, grabbing one of the plates, and eats the prepared plate of food in silence.
Every afternoon, his loving, caring, and worry mother Arie has a plate of snacks for her three sons.
Flamingo measures in height at six feet and six inches. His short blonde colored curls peek-a-boo over both of his ear points, where a smashed-down camouflage colored green, beige, and tan ass-backward baseball cap sits on top of his hairy skull. The baseball cap covers the entire forehead. He weighs 269 pounds on a medium-sized body frame with a heart-shaped face, a pair of baby blue eyes, a set of two apple-shaped cheekbones, an aristocratic nose bridge, and a tone of bronze tinted skin.
Inside the kitchen, Cinco moves ahead with a grunt and dashes around the same breakfast table, sliding down on the far end, reaching out and grabs, eating a second prepared plate of food in silence. He uses a set of bad table manners, the ten fingers.
Cinco measures in height at six feet and six inches. His ringlets of blonde colored curls cascade down and cover both of his earlobes and parts of his throat and then slightly bounces across a set of broad shoulders. His hair parts perfectly down the middle of his skull exposing a naked forehead. He weighs 269 pounds on a medium-sized frame with a heart-shaped face, a pair of baby blue eyes, a pair of two apple-shaped cheekbones, an aristocratic nose bridge, and a tone of bronze tinted skin.
Inside the kitchen, Breck slowly moves ahead with a grin and then occupies the side seat at the same breakfast table, grabbing, eating the third prepared plate of food, until the supper meal is served around six o’clock in the evening with his family.
Breck measures in height at six feet and six inches. His cropped blonde colored hair has a wavy part on the left side, flowing across the forehead. He weighs 269 pounds on a medium-sized frame with a heart-shaped face, a pair of baby blue eyes, a pair of two apple-shaped cheekbones, an aristocratic nose bridge, and a tone of bronze tinted skin.
The three males are three brothers and a set of identical triplets, who are named after their deceased father, Breck Freehurst McCory Junior and they are loved by their mother, Arie Dunlap McCory. The first born triplet arrived at 11:57 pm on April 19th under the sign of the Aries, the ram.
The other two triplets arrived at 12:02 am and 12:05 am on April 20th under a different zodiac astrological sign of Taurus, the bull. Taurus-people enjoy tactile physical contact of tender and sensual body touches along with a comfort zone of fake or real pleasing, soothing objects.
Where the child of Aries (aka Breck) loves the game, Taurus (aka Flamingo and Cinco) loves the rewards of the game, since Flamingo and Cinco share the zodiac’s trait of physical pleasures and material goods in their exotic delicious excess.
Taurus-people enjoy their tactile contact of tender and sensual touching along with a comfort zone being surrounded by pleasing, soothing things. The Bull symbol represents both bull-headedness and stubbornness, but each Taurus person is very happy to plod along toward the finish line for the rewards of material possessions which is both flesh and steel.
Not only are the three identical triplets on the cusp of manhood, at the age of eighteen years old, each one shares the cusp of power on the zodiac chart also. A cusp within the zodiac chart is a pointed end, where two very different celestial personalities clash or combine or both into a huge fireball, figuratively speaking, of course. The pointed end represents a range of specific calendar dates that coincide with the movements of the sun which affects the personality of the cusp person.
The Aries-Taurus cusp is called the Cusp of Power that lies between the calendar dates of April 17th through April 22nd. The Aries-Taurus personality is authoritative and bold making the cusp person a natural born leader. The person takes charges of any situation at work or at home or at a social event, when the two zodiac energies mix, creating an impulsive Aries that lends energy and pushes forward toward goals with a practical Taurus trait which takes care of all the details.
The Aries-Taurus cusp person rolls over the opinions and desires of other people and cannot stand to watch any individual do a thing, since the Aries-Taurus cusp person knows the darn right way to do it better.
However, the Aries-Taurus has some good traits also. The person is funny, helpful, strong, and dependable that will always shine with their own powerful light.
Each triplet uses and abuses their Aries-Taurus personality. Breck is the first born leader among the triplets and is responsible for his mother’s welfare. He plans to attend college and then hopefully graduate law school, rather than watching the legal activities from the sidelines as he assists in operating the McCory cow and farm ranch.
Flamingo is the first born academic leader among his school peers while plotting his future toward becoming a medical physician and marrying his high school sweetheart Violet.
Cinco is the first born badass among the teens in Lacy Spring with a pair of scuffed leather boots and scarred fists proving his undefeated title. However, he has recently started to channel all that wild Taurus bullish energy toward the college atmosphere, becoming a future veterinarian who will rule over all the animals on the McCory cow ranch. 
Their mother Arie stands five feet and two inches of petite-ness, weighing one hundred pounds with more gray hair than blonde while trying to control her three mischievous teen son-of-a-guns on an hourly basis. She was born on October 8th under the zodiac sign of Libra.
A Libra focuses on others and how they relate in their pretty world, since they epitomize balance, harmony, and fair play. The zodiac sign is an image of a set of balancing scales. Arie is a balanced person in both justice and fairness wanting to do what’s best for her boys, her ranch, and her family.
So far, Arie has almost achieved her only dream and desire, a graduation party for her three graduating seniors. She also is shoving them out the front door into the world of college life with a heavy heart, a worried mind, and a fake smile, knowing that a man and a woman must rule their own world without the strands on their mama’s sissy blue tinted cooking apron.
Breck Freehurst McCory, the third is the first born son and wears a very serious or sour personality depending on the current teen scene as the leader of the triplets. He is overly protective of his mother and his two brothers. He usually dresses in a pair of clean blue jeans, a clean white cotton shirt, and his favorite pair of black and blue ostrich-skinned cowboy boots, a blue cowboy hat, and a lightweight sports jacket on cold nights. He drives a jacked up 4x4 white colored pickup truck to school and around the town of Lacey Springs within the US State of Alabama.
Flamingo is really named as Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth. He wears a very raw, rowdy, and restless teenly personality. He dresses in a pair of repaired and ratty camouflage colored green, beige, and tan cargo pants that ends at the bottom of the kneecaps. He displays daily a vile word-scribbled colored T-shirt, a pair of dark brown worn nasty flip flops on his naked feet, and that same ass-backwards camouflage baseball cap over his ratty blonde hair that falls down around his ears and below his eyeballs. He drives a red tinted Chevy Camaro sports car really very fast, without his mother’s permission. And he is nicknamed Flamingo, after a set of pink tinted flamingo printed animal pajamas during his childhood.
Flamingo had worn a set of pink tinted flamingo-patterned animal pajamas at the age of two years old toddler while carrying around a matching pink tinted flamingo stuffed animal underneath a left armpit. He would not depart with the toy animal during eating, sleeping, or shitting until age of eight years old.
His mother Arie purposefully has stored the hard evidence of numerous visual photographs for visual proof, when Flamingo becomes too rough and raw for her personally blackmailing scheme. She continues to teach her precious middle-child of triplets to act like a proper Southern gentleman while living here in the US State of Alabama.
Flamingo had played the star quarterback for the Lacy Spring High School football team and used to closely follow each daily astrological horoscope on his person, each family member, and each dating teen female while seeking the best compatible female to fuckingly entertain his superficial inflated super-ego. Then, he met his future teenage bride Violet, who complimented his Taurus personality, making them the perfect couple.
And the rest of history is slowly unfolding, after school here inside the McCory home, right now.
Currently, the two high schoolers, Flamingo and Violet will graduate high school and then attend college together. Then, Flamingo will graduate from college and attain a medical degree from Birmingham University, which is nicknamed Burn U, where the institution is located in the city of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama.
Cinco is really named Breck Freehurst McCory, the fifth. He is born behind the butt-holes of his older brothers Breck and Flamingo in the city of Homestead within the US State of Florida at a military hospital. Their dad had been a paratrooper for the United States military forces.
Cinco represents the number five in the Spanish language that honors their Florida birthplace. Until their mother Arie had moved all of them back home to the US State of Alabama, when the boys turned two years old, after the tragic death of their biological father.
Cinco is the baby brother of the triplets displaying a happy and laid-back attitude with his friends, families, and foes, including both male and female. He rides a blue tinted motorcycle with his long blonde curls streaming out from the motorcycle helmet and likes to wear a black leather jacket over a stark, sometimes, slightly dirty white short-sleeved shirt, and a pair of black leather riding boots.
He had played the superstar defensive tackle on the Lacy Spring High football team, since he liked to attack people, both verbally and physically.
At the breakfast table, Breck turns with a smile and then stares down at the lumpy backpack on top of the clean floor that belongs to Flamingo, swallowing the good food with a confused brow. “Your backpack is overflowing, Flamingo. I can understand Cinco’s backpack overflowing with every single textbook that he owns for numerous and obvious reasons to study and pass his final, final examinations in order to graduate high school. But, why is your backpack overflowing?”
Flamingo speaks with an open mouth while tossing out used food particles over the food plate and the table. “I have final exams, too, Breck.”
Breck looks up from the backpack and then frowns with more confusion at his brother. “You’re in the advanced placement (AP) class, Flamingo.”
Cinco laughs with an open mouth while tossing out used food particles over his hands, the food plate and the clean wooden table. “I have final exams, too, Breck.”
Breck turns and then frowns at his other brother. “You’re not in AP class, Cinco.”
Flamingo swallows the food with a sour frown and a matching tone. “And I still have a set of final, final exams, before I can graduate from all of my AP courses and then eventually high school before starting college in two weeks.”
The original plantation house had displayed eight bedrooms, a music room, a dance hall, a library, a dining room, and a cellar for homemade wines, which was hidden under half underneath the main flooring. There had been located a detached brick kitchen behind the main house, a separate smoke house, a garden house, and several slave cabins for the household staff, not counting the carriage house, the cotton gin, the lumber mill. The brick stove had been used for producing handmade baked red clay bricks, decorating both the manor fireplaces and kitchen ovens.
The kitchen was connected to the plantation house in the year 1875 as a new wing, protruding ugly from the southeast end of structure.
In the year 1810, the oldest son with the McCory clan had built a riding stable beside the carriage house and the blacksmith shop, comprising thirty acres of flat land for boarding horses. The mammals had been comprised of friendly neighbors and interested owners, who also enjoyed breeding thoroughbreds.
He had registered each race horse with the Nashville Jockey Club in the year 1812. He trained the race horses on a small dirt track running around the cotton fields of the farm. His dream faded on the heated day during a friendly race, when he had beaten one of the unfriendly neighbors. The unfriendly neighbor had shot McCory right between the eyeballs with his personal hand pistol.
At the time, one single plantation had been viewed as a little city which provided an array of specialized services from crop production to skilled workers, including millwork, stonemasonry, woodworking, and blacksmithing. The house servants had provided all of domestic duties. The field hands had provided the planting and harvesting rows and rows of white cotton bolls.
Presently, each historic repaired and restored antebellum house in the southern region of the USA exhibits its very set of own unique and beautiful architectural work, including the McCory Manor, which is located in Lacy Springs, Alabama.
The exterior front porch displays a row of four white tinted thirty-seven-foot high columns on top of a square white rock granite base that holds up the forty-two-foot red bricked house. The fat columns are used to keep the thirty-three-foot wide balcony from falling down onto the first and second levels.
The long continuous balcony completely wraps around the exterior of the manor starting above the set of double front entrance doors, swinging around toward a pair of double rear terraces and then overlooking the swimming pool.
The interior walls consist of two-foot thick concrete which is made from whitish-silver tinted limestone rock from the local quarry mine with an individual pink-colored marble fireplace mantle inside every room for warmth during the antebellum cold nights.
One hand painted dead relative watches over each priceless crystal chandelier that hangs down from the ceiling tiles inside every room of the house, not including the private bedrooms anymore.
Baby triplet Cinco had been spooked as a small child waking up to see the white eyeballs of his dead relative. So, his mother Arie had removed the oil portrait inside his room and the other bedroom, hiding the art work inside the attic.
The manor is surrounded by pecan and peach groves spreading around 6,400 acres of cotton, cows, and corn fields.
If walking in a pair of polished or unpolished cowboy boots over the pink-colored bricked walking path, a visitor will see numerous beige colored cement bird bath fountains, rows of camellias, lines of dogwoods, tons of magnolias, crape-myrtles, and perennials flowers. The walking path leads onto a red dirt path underneath the lovely over story maple trees. The trees warn first, since the tree trunks guard an ancient cemetery that is decorated with a set of iron gates and toppled with a set of four vanilla tinted cement eagles, silently squawking and spreading their wings at each guest.
The main block of the manor had been built in the year 1809 by Mr. and Mrs. McCory, the first family of Alabama, making the place one of the oldest surviving houses with the US State and the oldest working plantation harvesting and profiting from the fields of cotton, strawberries, tomatoes, squash, cucumbers, watermelons, and sweet corn during the summer months. Fields of wheat, oats, hay, potatoes, soybeans, and Indian corn are planted and harvested during the fall days and nights.
The manor has rows of oak and maple trees running south three-fourths of a mile coming from County Road No. 254 lining all the way down the paved city street Plymouth Road Rock as a vehicle driver admires twenty acres of neatly manicured green lawn and rows of pretty colorful flower gardens, traveling down a yellow bricked driveway toward the front porch on the McCory ranch house.
The house is 9,000 square feet of living space, consisting of an interior front room, which is called an entrance hall. The entrance hall has a fifteen-foot ceiling, rows of undivided glass windows, a central three-story staircase in marble pink, light gray and white stone. Two curved archways in pretty and shiny orange rosewood stand on each side of the grand staircase.
The entrance hall, or the foyer for the local hicks, is made of dark walnut wood paneling that greets both guests and strangers. The room measures thirty-five feet across an empty space of air where three saddle horses can ride side-by-side after galloping one-by-one up the front porch bricked steps.
Eight years old Cinco had tried and then failed with that horsey maneuver, receiving a severe punishment along with his two brothers and their three stallions.
A curved archway of rosewood decorates the entrance portal on each parlor room which is built between the end corners of the grand staircase, exhibiting a pair of crystal sparking glass door knobs. The house design echoes back the yesteryears of civilized formal entertainment that would have been given by the manor’s gentile couple.
The couple would have served a silver tray of homemade tea biscuits and a teapot of sweet hot tea for a pair of pink-painted lips on a visiting Southern belle inside the east parlor room or belle parlor room.
A tiny whiskey glass and a long lighted cigar tinged the tongue pallet on a Southern gentleman inside the west parlor room or the beau parlor room.
The formal dining room holds a single dining table which is made of dark rich mahogany wood and is held up by four animal-paw sculpted lion feet, extending each wooden bone curved five claws down onto the wooden floor. There are seven wooden leaves in case a set of extra guests come which could feed thirty-two hungry bodies at any meal.
A pair of French Louie armchairs guards the foot or the queen’s end of the table and the head or the king’s side of the table on the elegant dining room table. The other sitting chairs consist of individual side chairs for poking an elbow at your foe or your friend, depending upon your assigned eating seat.
The elegant China setting inside the dining room is the original 200 pieces comprising an individual silver-trimmed eating plate and serving platter with a tiny bouquet splattering of delicate purple flowers in the middle of the white background. The bone china has been baked for the McCory family inside their brick oven on the plantation in the year 1810. 
There is a wooden clock inside the dining room on top of a fireplace mantel, an original antique from the McCory family. It still counts out the solar time, like it did in the hours, after the Battle of Franklin in the month of December, in the year 1864.
The most unique room inside the McCory Manor is a semi-circular ballroom with an array of hand carved white tinted flowers at the top of each column and three sets of hand-cast archways which are lined with a set of reflective mirrors coming down from ceiling to the wooden floor, where a yesteryear or present-day Southern belle can see, if her silk skirt has properly covered both of her naked ankles beneath her dancing ball gown during the social gala party.
At 02:11 pm inside the belle parlor room, the slender and long body is outstretched on top of the soft blue tinted sofa, reading a book with a grin. Her new husband of nine months is average height and weight. Adair (AJ) Bibb wears a head of thick strands of whitish-gray cropped black tinted hair, a pair of brown eyes, a jaw line with dark whiskers, a tone of dark, wrinkled skin, wearing a pair of blue tinted walking shorts and a white short-sleeved shirt with a pair of sneakers.
AJ is born with a Cancer personality in the month of July on the ninth. A Cancer person is a very complicated, but deeply conservative individual that displays a home-loving trait. The Cancer person is symbolized by the crab.
An ocean crab is a round-shaped, hard skeleton exterior shell which encloses the sea mammal for protection, survival, and mystery.
Like the ocean crab, the Cancer person is the most mysterious but sensitive, temperamental, caring, and highly intelligent life form under the stars. The Cancer person is one of the hardest signs to understand due to the numerous contradictions that clash with their natural traits, such as, unpredictable, fragile, fearlessness, and deep wisdom. A Cancer person not only knows their own zodiac traits but slowly peels back the layers of other zodiac personalities finding the true hero or villain.
AJ had spent most of life seeking out his ghosts and his villain using all of his Cancer personality traits, such as, unpredictable, fearlessness, and deep angry. Well, he didn’t use all of his good Cancer traits. But he did finish the deadly job and now he basks in the glory days of yesteryears.
Arie opens the closed door and then stands inside the archway with a gasp. Petite, fifty plus year old, slightly grayish-blonde haired, she is mother of triplets Breck, Flamingo, and Cinco. She wears a faded blue jeans skirt, a pink tinted short sleeved blouse, and a pair of naked feet, slowly moving ahead with a stern face and stops beside her nose profile with a sour frown. “I found you. What are you doing in here?”
He continues to lie on top of the gray tinted sofa and reads the page inside in the book. “I’m reading.”
She frowns with puzzlement. “Why are you reading a book? The event…”
“I do believe that you would enjoy this book, Arie.”
She exhales with frustration. “Why would I like this book, dear?”
“It’s a crime drama, where the blood, sweat, and tears come from the other guy or gal. You enjoy reading crime dramas, where the villain is the female, not a male, darling.”
She exhales again. “Yes, I do enjoy reading crime dramas with both males and females. But, right now, I need…”
He turns the page with a smile. “The novel is about the Quartet. They are four brothers with equal talents, but varied skills that live, work, and play inside the hot, sizzling city of Miami within the US State of Florida here in the USA. You would enjoy reading about the landscape of South Florida, Arie. We should visit the city of Miami, one day, darling.”
She exhales again. “Yes, we should visit South Florida, one day. Right now, I need…”
“The Quartet consists of Franklin Ferdinand Mangrove, the third, Stuart Thant Gage, the third, Thomas Edison Sawyer, the third, and Austin Bartholomew Berrington, the fourth…”
“Wait! Each male has a different last surname. How can they be called four brothers? A biological sibling always has the same surname.”
He smiles. “Austin, Tom, Stu, and Frank call themselves, the Band of Brothers, but they’re not really a set of biological siblings. They became a set of modern day blood-brothers, when their individual biological great-grandfathers, in the year 1838, inside the wild forests of northern Florida formed the first blood pact with numerous blood proteins serrated by the sharp knife tip upon a finger that bleeds.”
She exhales. “That’s sound intriguing, dear. But I need…”
“The fourth generation of the Quartet, each billionaire non-brother owns and operates one-fourth of an international security company. The business venture is named Quartet Associates, but the owners are sometimes dubbed by their dying enemies and their sneering foes as Quartet Assholes,” he laughs.
She frowns. “That’s not nice, dear! I need…”
He continues to read with a grin. “I’m reading about one-fourth of the Quartet, who is named Frank, right now. He’s not using his brains, his balls, or his billions while causing trouble for the rest of the Quartet brothers.”
She exhales. “AJ, I need…”
“Among the four Quartet brothers, I like Austin Bartholomew Berrington, the ‘bestest.’ He shoots his Ghost first and asks questions never. He’s the leader and the shortest and the oldest and the meanest of the four Quartet brothers.”
“That’s not nice. AJ…”
“The Quartet runs an international billion-dollar enterprise but becomes a set of red, white, and blue caped crime fighters, solving police cases, without the police and the blue satin cape,” he laughs.
She frowns. “I need help with the tables.”
“What tables?”
She sneers. “The tables that I need help with for the food.”
He continues to read with a smile. “What food?”
“The tables for the food trays that I need help with for the party.”
He grins. “What party?”
“The graduation party, the party is for my three graduating sons, Breck, Flamingo and Cinco.”
“That’s next…”
She shouts with a sneer, parking both fists on the waistline, “AJ!”
He drops the book from his smile and then swiftly slides off the sofa, standing over her blonde hair roots with a chuckle as he is taller than his petite wife. He shakes the book in the air near his smile. “You will enjoy this book about the Quarter, darling.”
She exhales. “O! Why would I enjoy this book about the Quartet?”
He smiles with a nod. “It’s written by a vicious, vile, very competent female like your selfie, darling.”
She thumbs back over a collar bone to the open archway with a sneer, “Now!”
He drops the book on the sofa and moves ahead with a grin. “Yes, dear!” He exits the room and stands inside the entrance hall.
She spins around with a stern face, exits the parlor room and then stops, standing in the middle of the entrance hall, pointing at the side wall with a smile. “Place the table on the side wall.”
Fifteen minutes later, AJ stands with a sour frown and then shuffles the empty table over to the side wall again, whining with annoyance at his future wife. “Arie, I’ve moved the heavy table four times to each side wall before resting. That’s why I took a break to read my…” 
“Yes,” she slowly moves backward with a smile and surveys the position of each table for the graduation party. “I know that, but I want the best position for the food, during the party. So, I think we should place all the food tables on this side wall. Then, each guest can enter through the front door and come to the food table first before greeting each new high school graduate inside the parlor room.” She continues to shuffle backward and carefully views the new arrangement.
He smiles. “I don’t think the three new high school graduates care about the party or the guests. I heard that there’s another more ‘funner’ teen party near the river bank that night also. I think they’ll be attending that one, instead.”
She stops with a chuckle and stands in front of the closed front doors while surveying the room with the tables. “No! My boys listen to their mother. They will attend my once-in-a-life-time graduation party here first and then go to that party much, much later, when I give my permission.”
At 02:22 pm, the front door chimes with a deep set ding sound.
Arie spins around with a grin and moves ahead to the front doors in silence.
AJ leans over the empty table with a set of heavy breathes after moving each furniture piece up and down every side wall in silence.
Arie stops in front of the double doors and reaches over, grabbing the handles, pulling open both metal door frames with a smile.
One side of the open archway reveals a tall and skinny female. The female displays a brown tinted colored ponytail, a tone of light brown tinted skin, and a pair of brown tinted eyes. Her body is dressed in a pair of cut-off blue jeans, a pale blue tinted short-sleeved shirt, and a pair of dark blue tinted high heeled sandals. She holds an infant baby in her chest while standing on top of the porch concrete in the heat of the day.
A second female, an elderly woman with a permanent sneer wears a pair of overalls in faded blue, a cropped bob of brown colored hair, a tone of brown tinted skin, and a pair of brown tinted eyes, who looked like the younger female.
Arie smiles at the guests. “Hello! I’m Arie Bibb. Welcome to our home!”
The elderly woman slaps a hand to her breasts with a smile and a nod. “Good late afternoon! I am sorry to disturb you, Mrs. Bibb. My name is Ferdome Exvanire and this is my daughter Jeranda Exvanire and this is your three-month-old grandson Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth.”
AJ pops upright with a gasp and a puzzled brow from the table surface, dashing ahead toward the row of new visitors, stopping a few feet behind the back spine of Arie in shock and amusement. His eyeballs land on the wiggling baby. The baby possesses a head of blonde curls, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin. Otherwise, AJ would have been suspicious of the new guests, but the mother of the child is a beautiful tall and slender teenager who possessed a tone of matching dark skin, hair, and eyes, where the pale coloring of the baby doesn’t come from the mother’s side of the family.
In front of the open archway, Arie back steps with a nod and motion for each person into her home while staring at Ferdome, who is the grandmother of the baby boy. “Please call me, Arie.” She stops and stands in the middle of the entrance hall and in front of the new guests, shouting out loud to each son inside the kitchen. “Boys, can all of you come into the entrance hall, please!”
At 02:24 pm, inside the kitchen, at the breakfast table, Cinco scoots out from the chair first and stood upright with a laugh, clapping with a smile, “Presents! Mama has received each one of our graduation presents. I wanted a…”
“You didn’t get that thing or this thing or anything.” Flamingo laughs out loud tossing food particles across his plate.
Cinco smiles with a nod. “Yeah, I did.”
Breck nods with a smile. “Yes, he did.
Flamingo chews the food and then laughs out loud tossing the particles of used food across the table. “Naw, he didn’t.”
Cinco continues to stand and then spins around with a smile, swiftly dashing away from his two brothers, racing down a narrow hallway with a shout out and then enters the entrance hall with his mother. “Mama, did I get my…?”
Inside the kitchen at the breakfast table, first born triplet Breck scoots back from the table and wipes off the dirty mouth with the napkin, dropping the cloth napkin down on top of the dirty plate. He slowly stands upright with a stern face. “Yes, he did. You should be kinder to our baby brother, Flamingo. We’re all about to leave the house and move on with a set of more adult responsibilities which will aid our mama as she get older in life.”
Flamingo continues to sit and then burps out loud with a grin. “Mama has her new boyfriend and future husband AJ that we all love and care about and finally approved, before the upcoming wedding. When is that wedding? Any who? AJ will take care of Mama while we are off and attending college. Then, we’ll all come back here and accept our numerous adult responsibilities at the McCory cow ranch. Until then, I get to act, talk, and burp like a teenager.”
Breck back steps from his brother and the breakfast table with a puzzled brow while shaking his skull with annoyance at Flamingo.
Flamingo has become more arrogant, if that is even possible, during the remaining school year coming from all of his outstanding accomplishments at the tender age of eighteen years old and a high schooler, when he had turned into an immature adult man in the month of April.
Breck disappears into the narrow dark hallway and trucks toward the entrance hall, seeking his new graduation gift from his mother and future step-father AJ.
Flamingo scoots from the breakfast table and wipes the mouth on the naked arm, slowly standing, releasing a set of burps for fun. He spins around and then exits the kitchen last, slowly shuffling down an empty narrow hallway while hearing silence inside the entrance room. He smiles with a chuckle. His mother Arie has gotten each one of her sons a grand surprise gift for their high school graduation that even has silenced the drooling tongue on tattle-tail Cinco.
At 02:31 pm inside the entrance hallway, Flamingo enters into the entrance hall with a smile and then stops with a confused brow, standing at the end on the line beside Cinco, wearing a sour frown with a matching sour tone at the two new guests inside the open archway. “What’s this crap?”
Arie exhales with annoyance and stares at the baby. “Please present for all ears and eyeballs your set of gentlemen manners, Middle Child!”
Flamingo sneers. “What’s this crap, please?”
Arie continues to stare down with a smile at the baby. “You were always the most astute triplet of the group, Flamingo.”
Breck does not extend a welcoming handshake toward the elderly woman like a southern gentleman but continues to stand in silence with an open mouth at the open archway with a young teen female, who holds a wiggling baby.
Cinco continues to stand between Breck and Flamingo while offering a nasty sneer at the teen female, who holds an infant baby. Then he says with a firm voice to his mother while watching the baby. “Mama, do you remember now? You do not allow a visitor or more visitors to visit our cow ranch on the weekdays. This is a weekday, which is the day of Friday. But, of course, your three sons are wrapping up a set of final examinations next week, since your three sons will graduate from high school on the eighteenth day in the month of May.”
AJ continues to take turns staring at the baby, the mother of the baby, and finally Cinco. “Cinco, I do declare those must be the wisest set of words that I have ever heard spoken from your lips in the format of numerous sentences, since I have been dating your mother.”
Inside the open archway, the female teen quickly shoves the baby into the open arms of Arie and then dashes ahead with a giggle, colliding into the stationary upright body of Breck first, back stepping with a giggle and a wink while shaking her hips in the shorty shorts.
Arie gasps in shock along with AJ. She can’t believe that her responsible first born triplet is the father of the baby with a head of blonde curls and a pair of blue eyes.
Within the triplet row, Breck swiftly shoves Jeranda away his body with a grunt, wearing a sour frown. “Damn, girl! You possess a mouth of bad breath. Get away from me, girl! I know why you’re standing here inside my house. And I ain’t the father of your cute little baby.”
Jeranda rushes backwards and then stops, nodding with a wink and a giggle at Breck. “But you possess all the right body parts like my blue-eyed and blonde-haired baby boy.”
Breck sneers. “But I am not the right body part that had entered into your nasty body part, girl. Get going from me and here, bitch!”
Jeranda slides down and stands in front of Cinco. Cinco lifts both arms in the air with a verbal warning and a nasty snarl, swiftly back stepping with a growl. “Do not come near me, babe! I was taught not to hit a sissy girl. But I have permission to beat up on a nasty bitch,” he sneers at the young teen girl.
Jeranda slowly back steps with a gasp parking both fists into her hips with a laugh to Cinco. “Now, where are your set of southern gentleman manner towards a southern belle, Cinco, darling?”
Cinco slaps his chest and then points at her. “I’m a southern redneck and you’re a southern bitch,” he laughs with AJ, Breck, and Flamingo.
Arie continues to survey the delicate situation with relief that Cinco is not the father either.
Cinco and Babbie had been in a love relationship, since the fourth grade at Lacy High School. They are very serious about graduating high school, attending college, and eventually graduating with an individual college degree, before setting the date for a grand wedding ceremony at the local church here in Lacy Springs.
Arie would have been very shocked, if her baby triplet son Cinco had cheated on his girl Babbie with any pretty teen.
Now, she is still intrigued and worried about the new situation, while holding the wiggling baby in her arms, staring at her troublesome middle triplet with concern in silence.
On the triplet line, Jeranda slides sideways, stops and stands in front of Flamingo with a wink and a giggle. “Well, I guess you’re the only triplet left in the line, Flamingo, darling.”
Flamingo sneers. “And you’re the only bitch left on the planet Earth. Get away from me, girly!”
She leans over and swiftly kisses his face, pulling back with a grin and a wink, “Hello, again, Flamingo, darling! Do you remember me? I am Jeranda Exvanire. This is my mama, Ferdome Exvanire. I definitely remember you, honey. Look at the cute present that I brought you for your high school graduation this afternoon.”
Arie continues to hold the baby but drops open her mouth at the love bird sight of Flamingo and Jeranda, standing inside the entrance hall from the heated day.
AJ stands in place with a smile, whispering for his eardrums only. “So, that triplet is the father of the cute baby. Hmm! I should have known.” The young teen couple of Flamingo and Jeranda embraces and then kiss again. He whispers for his eardrums only, “I guess there’ll be a wedding ceremony, right after the high school graduation.”
Cinco scoots away from Flamingo with a sneer and then shoves Breck toward the side in silence angry at the love bird moment.
Flamingo shoves the female off his body and then swiftly back steps with a sneer, staring at the familiar teenage girl. He remembers her sexy body and her intense, bold personality.
Eighteen years old Jeranda is born as a mighty lion in the month of August. A Leo personality is fearless, inspiring, independent, and works in the brightest spotlight that brings both status and power for the bold Leo personality. And Jeranda is definitely working Flamingo’s mother Arie for some motherly power.
A Leo person is also high-maintenance individual and disruptive to the team environment or in this case, the happy home environment of Flamingo.
The famous lion charms plus Jeranda’s personal southern belle manners wins the heart of each victim or villain or virgin, every time. A Leo person possesses spontaneity, ingenuity, and leadership skills while getting the work or social job done while encouraging others to success.
Flamingo sneers, “Naw!”
She wiggles her hips and giggles with a smile, “Yeah!”
“No!”
“Yes!”
“Nope!”
She slaps her breasts with a nod, “Yip! Congratulation, honey! You’re a new daddy, now, Flamingo. You’re the new daddy of my three-month-old baby. Our child is named after you, too, darling. I would like to introduce to everyone, Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth.”
Arie cuddles the baby with a smile and a whisper for her eardrums only. “You look just like your daddy, Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth. There is no denying your cute face of blue eyes and curls of blonde hair.”
Jeranda spins around with a giggle and then back steps, standing beside Flamingo and reaches out, grabbing his arm and stares at Arie with a nod. “Flamingo and I know each other, very well, when I was the new kid on the block there at Lacy Springs High School.”
Breck continues to stand next to Cinco and laughs out loud clapping with glee at the silly situation, which is obvious a setup and a fib, where his mother Arie would seek out the truth while protecting her son Flamingo with all her billions of dollars in the bank. But Breck could have a little fun with his arrogant asshole brother Flamingo this afternoon.
Cinco reaches over and slaps down the clapping hands of Breck with a sneer. “Stop it, dude!”
Breck softly chuckles. “It’s very comical, bro.”
Cinco frowns. “It’s very serious, dude!”
“Boys,” Arie continues to sway side to side, holding the baby with a smile. “Tonight, it appears to be a very special evening. Let’s go into the parlor and discuss the situation.”
AJ exhales with a huff of worry and then swings around with a puzzled brow leading the unhappy people toward one of the open parlor rooms, “All right! Let us all tarry into the parlor room for a major family discussion thread. We are all together for our event. We can settle or saddle this thing inside the parlor room and then we can discuss the evening’s new activity agenda.”
Arie slowly twirls around with the baby and a smile, following behind the back spine of her husband AJ.
The mother of Jeranda, Ferdome slowly moves ahead with a smile and follows behind the back spine on Arie. “I believe that alcohol might have been a varied factor here. Alcohol can be quite an evil foe, if not an enemy to the soul.”
“I got no problem with alcohol as my foe.” Breck turns to face the parlor room with a chuckle and moves ahead, following behind the back spine on Ferdome, entering the parlor room.
Cinco moves ahead with a worried brow following behind the back spine on Breck in silence.
Flamingo jerks his naked arm away from Jeranda with a sneer and then back steps with a sour frown, leaving her behind, following the back spine on Cinco.
Jeranda stands in place with a grin for a few seconds and watches the back spine on Flamingo. He shuffles through the open archway beside the three-story staircase. She has never visited the McCory ranch or the house, scanning the rest of the entrance room with a soft clap and a sweet giggle. She slowly strolls ahead with a permanent grin toward the parlor room to greet and meet the rest of the McCory family members.
At 02:43 pm, inside the entrance hall, a single staircase stands in the middle of the room leading up to the second level of individual bedrooms. At each edge on the staircase, an individual curved archway of pinkish-red tinted rosewood faces the entrance door.
Each closed door leads into an individual parlor room that has been built between the end corners of the grand staircase and the side wall, exhibiting a pair of crystal sparkling glass door knobs.
The house design echoes back to the ancient yesteryears of a lost civilization with formal entertainment that would have been given by the manor’s gentile couple.
The visiting couple had been served a silver tray of homemade tea biscuits and a teapot of sweet hot tea for a pair of pink-painted lips on a visiting Southern belle inside the east parlor room or belle parlor room.
A tiny whiskey glass and a long lighted cigar had tinged the tongue pallet on a Southern gentleman inside the west parlor room or the beau parlor room.
Inside the entrance room, AJ stops and reaches out, opening the door to the belle parlor room, since the room contains furniture. The beau parlor room is empty of furnishing but dust bunnies and an occasional spider that has formed a silky web to catch some stray bugs.
He enters with a grin inside the room for an impromptu family meeting like this impromptu meeting.
The belle parlor room is a rectangular-shaped space with four dark green painted walls in a set of white tinted crown molding on the ceiling and the baseboards.
In the center of the room, two long sofas are parked about twenty feet across of each in front of an individual low table for placing a dirty foot or a plate of food, depending upon which ill-mannered triplet lounges there first.
AJ selects the sofa in the dull color of light brown tint that is fairly itchy on the naked skin from the ancient rough course fabric but he wears a pair of blue jeans. The U-shaped curved sofa seats nine adults uncomfortably on top of the thin padding with a purpose. In front of the sofa, there is a low wooden table that holds more drilled wooden holes than a piece of Swiss cheese.
The low wooden table had been constructed by her three sons at the age of ten years old inside a fun art class during the summertime session.  Arie had exhibited the fine art piece by her three sons inside her private bedroom, until she started dating AJ. Then, she is redecorating the shared private bedroom reflecting their combined good tastes.
So, the poor art object came to live inside the belle parlor room. The belle parlor room had served a different purpose several months ago, where Arie was still trying to purge from her neurons. Thus, the poor art object became a low end table that could not be used along with the uncomfortable sofa, where none of her family members would enter and utilize the room again.
One the opposite side of the parlor room, a second yellow tinted sofa displays a straight line and stands lonely showcasing tons of overstuffed filling. The filling is so thick and tall coming up from the bottom of the wooden pallet that an upright sitting ass actually floats on top of the fabric. A person can best seat on each side leaning over the thickly padded yellow tinted armrest.
In front of the yellow tinted long sofa, there was its own individual low table that had been constructed and then soldered together with a set of individual empty paint cans. Each paint can had been cleaned and then sanitized without the smelly odor of the original paint. Arie had attended a charity art show and purchased the low table that had been designed by a novice art student. For years, the unique art piece lived inside one of the hay barns, where no other life form had lived.
Then Arie had decided to give the low table a home inside the belle parlor room.
The parlor room does not contain any more furniture pieces or additional art pieces on the naked walls of dark panel wooden planks.
Arie stands inside the archway and holds the baby while smiling at her son Flamingo. The baby wiggles side to side while crying for attention of the mother.
Flamingo moves through the open archway with a sour frown without speaking to his mother and then stops, standing a few feet from the open archway in silence, hearing the crying baby.
Inside the entrance hall, Jeranda scoots through the archway with a smile and then stops standing in front of Arie and reaches out, grabbing her baby. The baby is hungry. She cuddles the baby and starts to open her bloused with a smile.
Arie moves ahead and sits with AJ, staring at Ferdome and then Flamingo.
Jeranda moves ahead and kisses the cheekbone of the baby, strolling to the opposite sofa, sitting down with her mother Ferdome. Ferdome pulls out a blue baby blanket from the diaper bag and hands to Jeranda.
Flamingo continues to sit and sneer while mentally thinking all kinds of unkind nasty thoughts about new mother Jeranda and her baby.
On top of the second sofa, Jeranda places the baby next to one of her breasts and then covers the head of the baby with the blue baby blanket while fiddling with her bra. The baby latches on and then sucks the naked teat drinking the warm breast milk.
On top of the dull brown sofa, Cinco sits beside Breck while whispering about the baby and Flamingo.
Breck whispers back while staring at the blanket for the baby. “What is she doing?”
Cinco smiles at the beautiful sight that only a mother can perform. “It is called breastfeeding. The baby sucks the milk through a nipple on her breast.”
He smiles with a whisper. “Wow! I’m getting a hard one right now. Is that the most erotic thing in the world to see which is happening right now and right here in this room in front of my eyeballs?”
Cinco frowns with a whisper. “Shut up, Breck!”
He softly whispers with a chuckle. “I can’t help my penis. It's just keeps lifting up and lifting up and…”
“Hush up, Breck!” Cinco whispers with a growl.
On top of the yellow tinted sofa the tall and slender Ferdome wiggles side to side in discomfort and worry, exhaling with a fake smile at Arie, the other new grandmother. “I believe that a set of two parents are better than one loving parent. What do you believe, Arie?”
Arie sits next to AJ with a nod, holding his hand, staring the new guests. “I agree.”
“However, a set of two arguing parents cannot live underneath the same rooftop and still act like a pair of loving parents. What do you think, Arie?”
“I agree also.”
Ferdome nods with a fake smile. “There is no question of a divorce as the two young teens are not legally married. But there is the question of a shared custody arrangement here.”
Flamingo continues to stand alone in front of the open archway with a permanent frown, staring at the baby, cutting into the ridicule conversation with a clear baritone timber. He slowly moves ahead and then stops, standing between the two sofas. “I’m really confused here. Who exactly is the father of your child, Jeranda?”
“You! You! You’re the father of that child, Flamingo. I clearly heard your name pronounced out loud rather than mine and the little kid looks just like you, bro.” Breck claps with silliness and then chuckles with amusement. He does not believe the cunt bitch Jeranda but it doesn’t hurt to have some fun with uptight Middle Child Flamingo. 
Cinco reaches over with a sneer and slaps a fist into the hard abdomen of Breck. Breck gags and then coughs out loud, exhaling with a set of heavy breathes, without sneering in return from the vile act of his brother.
Jeranda continues to breastfeed the baby, who is hidden underneath the baby. She smiles Flamingo. “Please, I and my mama are here to simply ask for your personal daddy involvement with the life of our baby. That’s all I ask.”
Flamingo sneered with fury at Ferdome. “That isn’t all of your personal requests, is it, Cunt-face?”
Arie gasps in alarm. “Flamingo, I insist that you practice your gentleman manners while standing inside here my house!”
Flamingo jabs a finger at Jeranda with a sour frown. “Mama, why are falling for this obvious fake snow job? I don’t see any snow clouds outside our front porch during the summertime heat. I’m hearing nothing but support for this stranger, who is not my wife or my girlfriend or my nothing to me.”
Ferdome nods with a grin to Flamingo. “Then, a simple DNA paternity test will address all of your concerns, as well as mine, Flamingo.”
Flamingo gasps in alarm and then sneers with fury, “Naw! No! Never for you, bitch!” He snarls at his mother. “Naw! No! And never for you, either, Mama. I will not never, ever supply a specimen of my personal tongue spit or my personal dick sperm or my personal blood protein for a DNA paternity test. That baby is not my child, Mama. If you don’t believe me as your son, then…then you aren’t my loving mother…”
“Flamingo!” Arie swiftly stands upright from the sofa cushion with a worried brow beside AJ. Cinco and Breck also swiftly stand upright from the sofa and stare in silence shock at their brother Flamingo and his pious attitude toward their mother.
Arie presses both hands down the blue jean skirt with a stern face while holding her motherly fury. “Do not talk to me like that ever again!” She exhales with a puff of worry. “Flamingo, this can all be resolved very quickly. I do believe a simple paternity test will…”
“Never! Nope! Naw! No, Mama!” Flamingo sneers. “I just told you the truth and my side of the true story. That baby is not child. I am not the father of that baby. Now, you can believe me, Mama. Or you can believe at fucking cunt-whore over there on top of your ugly sofa. However, you cannot believe both of us. What is your final judgment, Mama?”
Breck jabs a finger with a sneer at Flamingo. “Stop putting our sweet mama in the middle of your gawd damn baby problem, Flamingo! Go and get a DNA paternal test, today, now, bro! Then, we all will know the fucking truth for a few dollars and within a few hours.”
“I just told everyone here inside this room that possesses a pair of eardrums the truth. However, I can see clearly that no one wants to believe me over a fucking cute-ass baby,” Flamingo looks down and then mouth spit on the clean floor with a sneer, rubbing the wet spot with the heel of his flip-flops, returning back with a snarl to see Arie. “Fuck you, Mama!” He spins around with a low growl and a sour frown from the baby, his mother, and the rest of his family members, stomping through open archway. Arie bursts into tears with a worried brow as AJ leans over and hugs his wife in silence.
Cinco tosses both arms into the air and then stomps ahead with a worried brow. “Flamingo, please, come back here! I’ll believe you.”
Breck reaches out and grabs one of the arms, jerking Cinco back in place with a loud growl. “Flamingo, he doesn’t want to hear anyone else’s words, right now. Leave him alone and let him blow off some stream!”
Jeranda continues to sit on top of the ugly sofa with a slight grin while breastfeeding the baby, yelling at the back spine of Flamingo. “Flamingo, come back! Your baby needs you.”
At 03:06 pm, inside an empty entrance hall, where a set of empty tables stands against one wall readying for the upcoming graduation night of happy festivals, Flamingo continues to stroll with a sour frown and a set of soft growls of angry, fury, sadness, and disappointment toward the open archway. Both of the twin front doors inside the entrance hall are wide open. Someone has forgotten to shut the doors while letting out all the cold air inside the house during a hot and heated day in the month of May.
Flamingo moves ahead across the vanilla tinted concrete front porch that is not decorated with a single object, such like, a rocking chair or an ancient side table with a potted flowering plant. There is a set of rotating fans on top of the porch ceiling that runs during the heated summer months trying to drag the cool air down from heaven, which is impossible in the Alabama heated sunlight.
Arie does not nicely decorate a set of visual upright or sideways ugly or pretty obstacles in front of the empty space between the inside and the outside of her house, where a single social event does or could or can occur at any given time of day or night. Her ancient antebellum house is grand enough, without an additional ornament decoration.
Flamingo remembers sitting on top of the elevated cool concrete platform while sipping a cool beverage, dangling a pair of dirty legs and feet from riding the horse in the mud or driving the dirt bike in the mud during the cooler afternoons and evenings. A stranger always comes to the front door and stands on top of the front porch, without entering into the house.
The only purpose of a front porch is to keep out a stranger or two from entering into the family home, which has failed epically, today.
He moves down each bricked steps with a sneer, turning to face the garage door, entering a side door inside the six-door garage and reached out, slapping the button on the garage devise on the side wall. The garage door slides up showing off the nicely manicured lawn, the smooth concrete driveway, and the private road that connects all the farm properties on Arie’s land. He moves ahead toward one of the four motorcycles, not belonging to motorcycle biker Cinco, but each brother.
He slides down over the smooth leather seat and starts the engine, leaning down over the handle bars, twisting the handle bar and slowly drives forward out from the garage. Arie does not allow any one of her sons to drive like a wild-ass teen with a moving vehicle. Else, the vehicle would be confiscated by their mother and then the son would be punished for six months or more.
Flamingo smoothly steers ahead and turns off from the smooth concrete driveway, pacing through the manicured yard, heading toward one of the tractor dirt trails. The trail leads through between the crop fields toward an array of numerous stationary structures and a few barns, where Flamingo always carries his date for fun fuck night, since he has steered a motorcycle at the age of eleven years old.
He drives without a helmet at a pacing safe speed with a stern face and an active mind. He doesn’t want to give cunt-whore Jeranda the chance to cash-in his multi-million-dollar bank due to a stupid accident on top of a motorcycle which would depress his mother and thrill his former flame. He continues to safely drive a few miles away from the ranch house while pondering his young life at the tender age of eighteen years old.
Flamingo is the type of young male that knows what he wants in life and stomps toward it in both vigor and bravery. His brothers also exhibit these same traits, since they are a set of triplets from the same zygote. Flamingo has decided to become a medical physician after learning of the death of his father during battle on the battle field. He felt that if a medical physician had been with his dad, then his dad could have been saved and lived to see his three sons. So Flamingo has planned and maneuvered through the obstacles in becoming a medical physician.
Becoming a medical physician would offer a challenge and provide value to every person while intriguing the brain cells of Flamingo. Flamingo greatly desires and fights against teachers and evil persons to follow that dream and then eventually would become a physician.
The worse flaw for Flamingo is not exploring a set of new concepts and ideas like the first-born triplet Breck. Flamingo enjoys the same patterns, the same people, and the same fucking whores. However, Jeranda had been a new female at Lacy High School that last semester before Flamingo discovered that she was not a virgin. All the current virgins fall down into the captured territory of Breck, when the three brothers had started attending their early high school years at LSH.
Reading a library of numerous books throughout his academic career from elementary school to high school, Flamingo read that a person should spend ten minutes alone every day. Alone time is very difficult with Breck and Cinco hanging around the Pig Pen, the eating table, the bathroom and inside his private bedroom.
Hell! The three brothers are a set of identical triplets coming from the same zygote.
Now, Flamingo is going to execute that concept right now. He needs to think, plan, reflect and dream about his new future. Life has tossed down a huge boulder the size of North American continent. He wants to clear his mind and breathe fresh air without a set of buzzing words from Breck inside an eardrum.
Flamingo wants solitude and silence while quietly hearing the birds, the bees, and the bats that lived inside the barn rafters.
Out here in the woods and the open flat fields, Flamingo can reach down deep within his tormented soul and jerk out his set of befuddled and befucked teenly emotions. He doesn’t know if befucked was a real vocabulary word, but he feels that new emotion.
One befucked emotion is the way that he had treated his mother. He has been taught as a small child to respect his elders, young minors, and everyone in-between while making that person feel better about their life. His mother is an expert on that social people-behavior.
Now, Flamingo has befucked up that mother-son relationship. He doesn’t know if his motherly relationship could be repaired or totally refused. He doesn’t know if he wants to try it, either.
His ego has been burned and his balls have been busted, after hearing bitch Jeranda proclaim out loud that Flamingo is the father of her baby. Then his mother believes the bitch Jeranda over the words of his own son.
That hurt!
Flamingo can spill out a blood protein for a medical paternity test and then verify his claim. However, he is the biological child here within the McCory family, not bitch Jeranda.
That’s the bone of contention or contempt. The phrase references the main issue of disagreement still in a continuous quarrel like a pair of two hungry stray dogs fighting over a single bone. 
Flamingo isn’t fighting over the baby care, but his mother and his former flamer are, which makes Flamingo feel contempt towards both the women.
Right now, Flamingo doesn’t want to dwell his mental thoughts on the baby as he continues to follow his dreams and his heart and his mind.


Flower garden setting
03:41 pm
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight


Flamingo stops and parks the motorcycle over the dirt, killing the engine, sliding off the seat. He stands upright on top of the part dirt and part grass with a deep sigh of concern and then moves ahead toward a short tree stump with a smile.
The section of the dirt beside the old barn in red hue holds a dusty spot with numerous fallen logs and various sized sawed-off tree stumps which contains a real flower garden inside an array of empty and chopped off logs. A single twenty-foot hollowed tree log holds a row of colorful red, pink yellow, orange, and white flowers. Three squat-looking tree stumps contain numerous cracks on top of the flat trunk displaying various flower vines of purple, orange and red. An array of four squat-looking tree stumps for your butt-hole and a single ten-foot log with a semi-rough flat surface that can sit six more warm teenage bodies.
The log garden had been created and developed with love by Flamingo’s dad, when Breck, Junior had been a young pre-teen and worked with his real biological father Breck Freehurst McCory, Senior. The flower garden had been attended and nurtured by Breck, Junior to express his love and admiration for his mother Arie Dunlap.
Grandmother McCory had been showing her three curious pre-teen grandsons around her farm property, one afternoon, while teaching them to become a set of mature men and then showcased the lovely flower garden. The section of logs and flowers had overgrown over the long years, since Breck, Junior had married, birthed his three sons, and then tragically died in wartime in a foreign country while fighting for homeland and citizens of the USA.
During the long hike from the secret garden, Flamingo had memorized the walking pathway and then returned later that evening on a dirt bike with a bag of old hand tools.
Over a period of months, he had cleaned out the weeds and then replanted some of the flowers back into the ancient hollowed out logs and then spread out new flower seeds while starting new flora through each cracked tree stump.
This special spot is his secret hangout to think, ponder, dream, and be alone with his person or share the spot with Almighty God, Brother Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and his heavenly angels, since no person is really alone on planet Earth, if you believe in that kind of divine stuff.
When Flamingo had started dating the female species, he brought each girl here for fucking fun. His brothers do not know about this hot spot. Else, they would have teased him about the sissy girly flower garden. But the flower garden had been touched by his dead father, which represented the special memory for Flamingo.
Inside the manicured flower garden, Flamingo spins around, sitting down on top of the tree stump, staring down into the partial dirt and partial grass. “My life is not going to change. I feel happy but numb. Depressed but impressed. Fear but fearless. I have planned out my life in a series of steps which are numbered in sequential order. I have accomplished everything up to now. I’m at step number thirty-eight: graduate high school.”
Flamingo is a senior at Lacy Spring High School with his brothers Breck and Cinco and his friends Doyle and Yancy and his girlfriend Violet. This week, all the students are studying and preparing for next week’s final academic examinations. Even though, Flamingo attends advanced placement (AP) classes and has been accepted into college on a full academic scholarship based on his excellent grades, he still is required to take the last set of tests to complete the requirements for graduating high school.
His brother Breck has always maintained a set of excellent grades, where every final examination would be waved and then he would automatically receive the letter grade of A for each academic class during the last semester of high school. Thus, Breck has technically passed all his required final examination to graduate high school and is having fun while waiting around for the graduation night ceremony.
Cinco has always been the lazy student in high school until he received an epiphany, wanting to attend veterinarian school which is a competitive environment that requires a set of good grades. So, Cinco has been studying his eyeballs out while bringing his grade point average into an average status for acceptance into the college. This week, Cinco is busy studying for each academic class like Flamingo.
On a hot day in May, on top of the tree stump, Flamingo sweats out water molecules even underneath the grove of ancient shade trees in the ancient Log and Flower Garden, whispering for his eardrums only, staring down to the dirt. “She should have gotten an abortion. No! It’s not right. Life starts at the second of conception. I dearly believe that in my heart, since I’m going to be a doctor also. I don’t believe that woman should execute an abortion to her body, but the body belongs to the female to do as she pleases. So, Jeranda did the right thing and delivered the baby, her baby, not mine baby. Are you sure, Flamingo? Well, hell, yeah, Flamingo, I am sure. Okay, I am sure, if you are sure, Flamingo. I am certain. All right now. We have a hundred percent consensus that the baby is not mine.”
He swiftly stands upright from the tree stump and tosses both arms into the air with a smile and shouts out loud. “I will lead the life that I have planned for my future, not hers, not Mama’s, not anyone else’s. There! I shouted it out to the stars and the heavens. I am going to become a medical physician. And that cunt-whore Jeranda is not stopping me. No!”
He drops both arms and slaps both palms into the dirty cargo pants with a heavy heart, kneeling down onto the short grass, folding both hands into a prayer triangle. He stares down at the dirt and closes the eyelids with a soft whisper, “Hey, Almighty God and Brother Jesus! I don’t have to tell ya’ll the situation down here for me. You and you know everything kinda, before me. So, you and you have already helped me through lots and lots of tough times down here. I am really appreciative also. So, this is another test coming from the both of ya’ll. But, I’m ready to pass the tribulation again. Hey! Thanks for everything! I can’t stay that enough times. And I really appreciate that ya’ll are right beside me. Amen!” He continues to kneel on the ground in silence pray and as tears flood between the closed eyelids with fear, fright, angry, sadness, disappointment, and worry.


McCory Cow Ranch House
Belle parlor room setting
03:44 pm


Inside the belle parlor room, in front of the opposite side of light brown sofa, Breck releases Cinco with a growl and then shoves his brother away from his body with a sneer. He sidesteps with a stern face, watching Jeranda with intrigue and then stops, leaning over the hair roots Arie with a soft whisper. “Mama, I think Jeranda and the baby and her mother should stay here on our farm property, until ‘this thing’ gets worked out with Flamingo and whatever happy ending. There’s a row of newly built and ready to move-in houses on the other end of the crop fields that have been built for a group of new farm hands. They can live there, until whatever happens next with Flamingo. I think Jeranda and the baby should be close, so you can go and see the baby. I think you would like that. What do you think, Mama?”
“That…that’s a good idea!” Arie continues to hug AJ and stands next to Breck while sobbing with her hot tears of worry, feeling sad about the incident with her son Flamingo. “Can…can you see to that social arrangement for Jeranda and her baby, AJ?”
“Yes, of course, I can do that, Arie.” AJ leans over and pecks her wet cheekbone without making a scene inside the belle parlor room, pulling back with a slight smile of worry for Arie and Flamingo and the baby. He releases his wife and slowly moves ahead with a nod, stopping and squatted down in front of the ugly yellow tinted sofa while quietly explaining the new plan of residence to Jeranda and Ferdome. The polite invitation and then the movement of all their personal possessions would consume the rest of the afternoon into the early evening while giving Arie time to reflect and decide the next step with her middle triple Flamingo.
On the opposite side of the room in front of the light brown sofa, Cinco continues to stand and stares while sounding with a series of soft growls at Jeranda, who has caused this ugly situation with his brother Flamingo. Cinco believes Flamingo. Since his brother Flamingo is a tough son of bitch but very careful and very smart, especially when it comes to teen females.
The perfect solution would have been for Grandmother Ferdome to have contacted Arie, alone and in person, and then presented the idea of the daddy-to-be-discovered DNA test. Then, Arie could have paid the blackmailed money, until the baby turned eighteen years old.
Her son Flamingo would have been protected and then continued on his future pathway becoming a medical physician, marrying his girl Violet, which has been planned and still could occur. But a cute blonde-haired and blue-eyed baby hanging around the local grocery store that is named Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth will tend to create lots of hot juicy gossip and a few minor issues for the butt-hole of Flamingo.
In front of the brown soft, Cinco slowly sidesteps with a growl toward Breck and his mother while watching Jeranda, feeling fury, angry, fear, and revenge.
AJ leans down and talks with Ferdome in a set of low whispers, where Cinco cannot overhear. Cinco stops with a sour frown and stand next to Breck with a puzzled brow. Cinco sneers. “What’s happening over there? What’s AJ doing? What about Flamingo? I can run upstairs and talk to him and then bring him back down staircase to solve this problem.”
“No!” Breck leans over and hugs his mother with a worried brow, “Leave Flamingo alone for the time being inside his bedroom! He needs some space and some fresh air to think through this issue also. Mama, AJ is taking care of Jeranda and her baby with the new plan. I think you should get some rest and try to relax for the evening. I’ll escort you up to your room and then check on Flamingo. Do you want some food? Do you want a cold drink? How are you feeling, Mama?”
AJ stands upright with a smile and a nod, leaning down and then assists Jeranda with the baby to stand upright on the floor. He thumbs back over a collar bone toward the open archway in the parlor room and then spins around to face the doorway, leading the guests. He moves ahead and then glances with a smile at Arie, nodding to the action plan and disappears first from the parlor room.
Jeranda and the baby follow behind with a nod to Arie and then disappear also. Ferdome follows last and then turns with a smile and a nod to see Arie and her two sons, disappearing behind her daughter and her grandson.
Arie continues to cuddle with Breck while crying with sadness, angry, despair, disappointment and fear, staring at the open archway, where Jeranda, Ferdome, and Arie’s grandson have disappeared for the rest of the day and into the evening hours.
AJ is a good man and boyfriend to Arie. He would assist and stay with Jeranda until she is setup inside the new house for the rest of the day and part of the evening. Arie feels both numb and hurt that her neuron cannot add the simple math formula of one plus one right now.
Breck slowly shoves his mother away from the ugly U-shaped sofa and moves ahead toward the open archway. “Mama, you need to rest and relax. There’s nothing else to do today.” she slowly shuffles her naked feet with her son. Breck continues to slowly move ahead and smooth her wrecked ego. “Mama, Cinco and I will talk with Flamingo, after he simmers down. Then we can have another family meeting without Jeranda and decide as a family what to do.”
Breck and Arie slowly stroll through the archway from the belle parlor room, moving into the entrance hall, turning to face the grand staircase.
Cinco slowly drags behind the back spine on Breck and Arie, sounding with a set of soft growls of annoyance, angry, sadness, worry, fear, disappointment, and revenge without expressing those words to his mother or his brother Breck.
Breck continues to cuddle and whispers over the hair roots on his petite mother. “Don’t worry, Mama! Cinco and I and Flamingo are triplets. We think alike and do things right, all the time. You come and rest first for the rest of the afternoon. I’ll leave my mobile telephone with you. So, you text whatever you need, if you wanna a cold beverage or a plate of food. I know that you don’t wanna eat right now, but you gotta eat something later tonight. So, you text Cinco and tell him what you wanna eat for supper. I’ll run out to the restaurant for you and fetch a plate of hot food. How does that sound, Mama?”
Arie slowly paces with Breck and continues to sob and cry with feelings of sadness and worry about her son and her newly discovered grandson, “Yeah.”
Breck and Arie climb the staircase together while he continues to whisper with comforting her new messy mind and her messy situation within their pretty world at the McCory farms.
Cinco slowly follows behind and stares at each wall. The house is too quiet. Usually, inside the Pig Pen, the man cave for the triplets, there is loud music and louder happy laughter echoing off each wall inside the hallway. Now, the hallway is quiet. The door of each room is closed. No brother is playing music or laughing with jokes. 


Log and Flower Garden location
McCory Farm property
04:01 pm


On a hot day in the month of May, in front of the ancient gray tinted upright tree stump, Flamingo sweats out more water molecules and continues to kneel down in the dirt while silently praying. He opens the eyelids and wipes off the gathered tears of tears of fear, fright, angry, sadness, disappointment, and worry, exhaling with a heavy sigh, slowly standing upright from the grass and wipes off the dirt from the blue jeans.
He moves ahead and enters through an extremely large open doorway, strolling inside the agricultural barn which has prepped and painted on the outside wooden planks in red tint. 
A barn structure refers a place, where livestock is housed, including cows and horses, pieces of farm equipment, and food fodder which consists often of grain and stacks of hay.
A long time ago, a barn shed was not original painted in any color hue, since it had been made from natural wood. But the wood rotted over time from the exposure from the harsh sunlight and numerous rainy and wind weather patterns.
Around the 1700s, a group of farmer experimented and then created a paint recipe of skimmed milk, lime minerals, and red iron oxide or rust. Rust was plentiful mineral on a farm and worked as a poison that killed the fungi of mold and mosses that grew on the side of the wooden planks of a barn. The fungi bacterium would trap the moisture in the wood increasing decay the barn planks.
The last recipe ingredient was linseed oil which was an orange colored oil coming from the seeds of the flax plant, serving as an effective sealant.
When the paint recipe of ingredients was mixed together, it formed a rusty-colored mixture of red hue which became very popular among the land owners, because the red paint was cheap and lasted for years which protected and sealed the wood giving the barn a deep dark red hue of color. Also the red colored barn stayed warmer during the wintertime months, since the darker hue absorbed the bright and heated sunrays down the interior of the barn walls.
One farm myths told that a red colored barn would help the cows find their back home. However, that’s not true as a cow, like a dog, is colorblind to the colors red and green. 
One true myth was that a red colored barn had been copied coming from the Scandinavian farmers, who painted each barn structure in a rusty-colored hue, which was considered to be a sign of wealth.
Actually inside the World History textbook, the American farmer had really copied the red paint hue which had really originated in the country of Sweden within the group of Scandinavia farmers. In the year 1573, a hand written letter coming from the Chief Superintendent of the Stockholm Castle, Johan, the third, had ordered rust lead to be painted on top of each rooftop of every castle creating a red hue of color.
The sight of red tinted iron oxide mineral had also been observed inside the interior walls of numerous cave paintings within the country of southern France and northern Spain, which has been painted billions of years ago.
During the modern days, any person driving along the American rural countryside will easily spot an individual red colored barn and white colored farmhouse on the same farm. Throughout the countryside, an ancient farmhouse will appear in the color white hue, instead of brick or colored paint.
Years ago, a house was whitewashed, not painted in white. Whitewash was a mixture of lime, water, and salt that was cheaper than a can of paint. The method of whitewashing was safe for the animals that lived around the ground, when compared to the earlier version of lead-base-paint material. The lime and salt in the whitewash method kept wood-eating fungi from growing on the wood and it also disinfected the wood, keeping from rot. The whitewash method prevented mildew from forming inside and outside the farmhouse which was popular choice among the dairy farms. Thus, a white house came to represent a symbol of purity through America.
On the McCory farm, the Log and Flower Garden is the special spot to share a memory with his deceased father, without hearing a set of silly jokes from his brothers Breck and Cinco. But the interior of the barn is his “special fuck spot” with a new or old whore. Flamingo brings the whore here for the evening date, until midnight. Usually, each high school teen has a midnight curfew to be home or else.
Over the years, Breck has tried to guess the special spot of Flamingo’s without success. Cinco has not bothered to guess the secret location as his spends all his free time with his stallion or his girlfriend, in that order, too.
In front of the barn door, Flamingo stands inside the open archway and reaches over, flipping on the modern day electric light switch. A row of naked bulbs brightens up the interior space in the barn. The barn rests on top of a concrete slab and stand two-stories in height with a half-loft space on one side wall. The other wall contains a naked wall of wood, where usually numerous stacked bales of green hay are stored for the cows and the horses during the wintertime months.
It is summertime now. The cows and the horses nibble on the lush green grass inside each pasture field for food.
The forward wall inside the interior of the barn contains another naked wooden wall to store additional future bales of hay also. The side wall displays another naked wall with a tall ladder that’s connected to the second floor which contains a flat and long hayloft, without the hay.
Usually, a hayloft is a space above a barn floor that is used for storage of stacks of baled hay or other fodder for the cows and other animals.
Years ago, after Flamingo had replanted the overgrown and neglected Log and Flower Garden, he had rested inside the interior of the cool barn on the top of the hard concrete slab floor, at first. Over time, he had renovated the hayloft into a rustic teen apartment loft with a twin-sized bed frame of solid light wood that held a thin mattress and a set of soft blankets for warmth and comfort for one couple. He also had added an electric mini-refrigerator on the floor in the barn with the aid of the terrain vehicle and the ranch supervisor Horace, who had been shushed into secret by Flamingo.
Presently at the McCory Farms, each barn structure is wired for electricity which is provided by a portal generator, in case of a natural disaster, like a whipping tornado funnel or a heavy snow blizzard, where any farm hand or farm family can shelter for safety until help arrives for rescue.
Over the months, Flamingo had hooked up the generator and then stocked his tiny mini-refrigerator with all the teen essentials: beer, water, and milk. The next day, he had toted in a second tiny mini-refrigerator that contained only a set of dry food items, keeping the ants and cockroaches away from the floor in the barn and his person. Thus, he had created his first man cave apartment loft, where only he knew the secret location.
The tiny hayloft room is located underneath the set of triangle rafters, where Flamingo and his date can walk and stand upright, without a skull hitting the ceiling planks. The second level is an open space with an open window on the same side that allows arrays of brilliant moonlight through the structure slamming down on top of the nicely made twin bed which is covered in a set of clean blankets. A wooden built-in upright ladder of thin-sized individual prongs provides a dangerous entrance point up and onto the second floor level with the aid of Flamingo in the rear of the girl’s butt-hole, of course.
Flamingo exhales with a huff of annoyance, numbness, angry, sadness, and other mixed emotions that he doesn’t want to ponder any more of his troubles. He slowly moves inside from the heated day veering toward the mini-refrigerator and then stops. He squats down and opens the door allowing the chilled air to hit a sweaty frown while surveying the liquid inventory: six beer bottles, three cartons sweet milk, and three water bottles. He reaches inside and selects a bottle of cold water, instead of the beer bottle.
Flamingo does not allow the consumption of alcohol to punish his sad emotions, especially when he is depressed or sad. He wants to feel and taste the true emotion and then deal with the aftertaste of a proper solution. He enjoys consuming a bottle of beer when he’s happy, enjoyed the new celebration of a party or a good event.
Now, this is not a good time or a happy event. Flamingo has been marked or marred or made as the father of a baby that’s three months old, who he has never seem before today.
He stands upright from the floor and slowly sidesteps in front of the ladder, climbing up each prong, standing upright on top of the second level and looks down onto the hard slab of vanilla tinted concrete that could crack open a human skull into blood and death.
Flamingo is not suicidal about a new discovery of the blue-eyed and blonde-haired baby boy either. He has too much drive, ambition, and joy in his life to think about ending his life form at the age of eighteen years old. But, there is another brilliant solution to his current problem. He only has to ponder and then concentration, finally finding the answer.
He moves ahead and stops at the end of the twin bed frame, slowly dropping down on top of the blanket. The bed frame is designed of solid hard wooden planks which would bloody a nose bridge, if he tries to forcefully land on top of the stack of blankets unlike his soft bed mattress inside his private bedroom at his house…Arie’s house.
He spins around with a stern face and sits down on top of the soft blankets, scooting toward the top, smelling the perfume with a smile. Violet and he had been up here in the hayloft last weekend.
Arie does not allow a guest or a teen visitor to the farmhouse during the weekdays when her sons attend high school classes, the next day. So, Violet had visited with Flamingo last weekend and they had come up here for their loving couple fun.
On top of the bed frame, he sniffs with a loud grunt and absorbs her lavender perfume that still lingers on top of the blankets with a smile. He wishes that she could be with him now.
Then he gasps in shock wondering if Violet or her parents have heard the nasty rumor. The set of gossiping bits and bytes fly faster than a wildfire around the small town of Lacy Springs.
Without a doubt, Jeranda is familiar with the local stores in Lacy Springs and would need bags of groceries for her body and gasoline for her car. So, she has been carrying about her baby that didn’t resemble her pretty face or her dark skin tone. So, Jeranda has also been tattling that the baby belongs to Flamingo.
On top of the bed blankets, he sips and then swallows cold the water while trying to calm a fluttering stomach. He can’t stop Jeranda from shopping around the local store or tattling about the baby, unless he wants to spend the rest of his life in jail for a double cold-blooded murder.
Yeah, Violet has heard the gossip from one of her silly girlfriends, who are jealous with the romantic relationship of Violet and Flamingo. Violet is a nice and smart girl. Flamingo, he’s the one that get lucky. He doesn’t want to look or date another girl but sweet Violet. He hopes this new messy situation does not mess up his love relationship with Violet.
Yeah, they have been through some rough times over the past few months but they have survived also while keeping their love relationship together.
Yeah, their love relationship will be alright and they will attend Burn U as they have planned for months.
Flamingo is eager to graduate high school and move away from Lacy Springs. The metro city of Birmingham is a bigger and badder town, but Flamingo will be studying all his academic classes in college. College students only wanna drink tons of beer and attend naked parties, where Flamingo will not participate either. His college courses have been presented and structured for him to graduate in two more years. Then he will enroll and start medical school.
Yeah, Flamingo has forgotten his personal mobile telephone, a teen requirement. He stores the mobile telephone inside the exterior pocket on his backpack as a good driver, without the urge to text a message or answer a ringing telephone. He lives two miles from the high school, where a phone call can wait, until he stops and parks the car. And Arie has engrained that safety concept into her three sons with a set of sever punishments that would affect any social teen lifestyle.
On top of the blankets, Flamingo sips and then swallows the water. He doesn’t desire to hold the mobile telephone right now. Else, he would be texting to Violet and she would be upset the newest bad news that affected her boyfriend without responding to his pleading texts. Also, Breck will be texting Flamingo with a series of bad advice and nasty message as he has sided with Arie in the paternity battle.
Cinco is not texting any person on his personal mobile telephone but Babbie every once in a while. He is busy studying for the final examinations next week. Technically, each student has to take each final examination that results in a bad or good grade to complete the academic requirements of high schooler and then graduate from high school. Cinco will graduate high school without an issue but wants to challenge his academic prowl-ness with a set of excellent scores for his mother and his ego. Cinco had never thought about attending college and becoming a farmer like his grandfather, until he had the desire to enter veterinarian school which required a college degree.
So, presently, he shoves a heavy backpack of books over a collar bone and shifts his mind into studying while boasting his average up from the letter grade of D to the letter grade of B. Arie is very proud that her youngest triplet has more ambition and drive to achieve a better career than one of the farm hands.
Inside the parlor room, Flamingo had been both impressed and overjoyed. His brother Cinco had defended his ass against the older and wiser Breck, which was shocking, thrilling, and wanted.
So, Cinco is a new alley.
There! Flamingo has one brother on his side while his mother and Breck walks and talks on the other side.
AJ is an older and smarter man. He is not siding with either triplet or against his future wife. He does not possess a blood protein from the Dunlap family or a McCory clan and will sit out this new ball game while waiting from the side lines.
Flamingo doesn’t know how his grandparents would react to the new information. Well, Grandmother McCory, Iredell will react very bad and very violently. Flamingo wonders if AJ has run to her residential house over and then had hidden her shotgun from Iredell.
Iredell had lost both her precious son and her husband in the same year. Then, her three precious grandsons returned back home to Alabama with their sad mother. Iredell stepped in and presented the British upper lip, without crying or sobbing, unlike her daughter-in-law Arie. Iredell only cried in private for her personal loss.
Arie and Iredell had been friends long before that sad incident, where Iredell had become an iron maiden, when it came to guiding and protecting her three grandsons.
Yeah, Iredell is storming around the town of Lacy Spring while spying on Jeranda and the baby, gathering all information for an upcoming McCory war. She will not sit still while her grandson is affected.
The parents of Arie, Jarvis and Reese Dunlap will be taking the low road, waiting on the final result of the paternity test, offering their condolences or congratulations.
The sister of Arie, Aurora is laughing her ass off inside her private home. She will not dare to share a happy face to another local native in Lacy Springs, because Flamingo’s Grandmother Iredell might secure a high-paid assassin and then take out Aunt Aurora for embarrassing her blood-kin grandson.
Inside the barn hayloft, on top of the bed, Flamingo sips and swallows the water with a loud grunt. He will miss the church preaching tomorrow morning as his heart and his mind cannot face a jury of church people, who are both arrogant and pious like a set of busybody bees. So, the two-day weekend of Saturday and Sunday will be both quiet and smooth without the hustle of two annoying brothers and an unforgiving mother.
Flamingo has not examined the mixed feelings regarding his mother. He had purposefully insulted her inside the parlor room and that had been enough, at the moment. And he doesn’t want to see her face or her tears at the moment, either. 
He sips and then swallows the cool water.
Monday morning is a school day with ten days of school sessions left on the calendar.
Flamingo must attend and take a set of final academic examinations. The school principle will fail any student that refuses and then misses a final examination. At high school grounds in the parking lot, the heckling and bullying on Flamingo will start. But Flamingo is almost a man and he can take a little ribbing with the delicate baby situation.
Each one of Flamingo’s childhood and high school best friends Doyle and Yancy will be having some good time silly redneck fun with Flamingo and the new fatherhood information on Monday morning, all without harm. Flamingo can handle that silliness. However, the other high schoolers, who vocally mouth off in a loud tone into the cheekbone of Flaming, will cause more trouble for his baby brother Cinco rather than Flamingo.
Cinco is the youngest with the triplet line-up, possessing with a firing temper and a good right hook. He enjoys the rumble and thunder over the floor, in the mud, and on the football field while winning all his fist fights, where Breck is the true chicken shit within the triplets, becoming a sleazy lawyer which works his sissy personality ego into perfection.
Flamingo will use both his slick words and his smart brains passing up a fight, unless he loses, then his pair of fists will work just fine.
Yeah, Monday morning is not going to be a fun adventure at high school. He will quickly locate his girl Violet and then rapidly escort her to her classroom with a quick kiss, like always, ducking down a chin and then racing into the AP classroom. The rest of the high schoolers avoid the AP hallway like a head of lice.
For the upcoming school session, on Monday morning, Flamingo is worried about Cinco as Cinco has sided with Flamingo with the DNA paternity test. Now, Cinco will have to defend and challenge his vocal claim against every redneck guy and gal at Lacy Spring High, next week. Breck will never instigate a fight for Flamingo. So, Flamingo will ask Breck to referee over good-hearted Cinco during the school session on Monday, so Cinco doesn’t get kicked out of class and then will not graduate high school while fulfilling his future endeavor to become an animal veterinarian.
Yeah, Breck is a chicken shit during a rumble but will control his baby brother Cinco for love and his mother Arie.
On top of the soft blankets, Flamingo finishes the bottle of warm water, tossing the empty plastic container over the side railing. The plastic hits the concrete floor with a soft ting of pain. He leans back crossing both arms behind the skull and rests on top of the king-sized single pillow, where he always shares with his girl Violet, without a mental thought or a soft vocal whisper or a deep sigh.
He doesn’t want to imagine the image of Violet crying again. He doesn’t want to think about all high school friends will be stunned again. And he doesn’t want to think about his mother, who is still upset and cries also. He wants to feel numb at the moment while letting his mind go blank without thought, action, and movement.
The light wind gently blows through the propped doorway. The bright sunlight slowly tickles the floor and then the soft blankets. Eventually, Flamingo will close the barn doors and kick on the motorized generator. The month of May is too heated for staying inside a heated building. Flamingo will pass out into unconsciousness from heat exhaustion, since he has been studying to become a future medical physician.
His eyeballs dart one-at-a-time to each naked rafter that continues to hang down without movement and as his neurons continues to rest from a mental thought.
He has imaged the current reaction or the future reaction coming from each one of his loving family members or his set of best friends.
He softly chuckles with a grin. “I don’t know many people as an eighteen-year-old high schooler.”
His life is just getting started, after graduating high school. Then he will greet and meet too many people throughout his college days, his medical school days, and then his private medical practice days and nights.
He whispers to one of the rafters. “I am not giving up my dream. I am not marrying her. I am marrying Violet. Then, I’ll be extremely happy and joyous for the rest of my life. I don’t care about that baby. That baby is not mine,” he exhales with a deep sigh of worry, depression, angry, sadness and unhappiness. “I should not be punished for a kid that doesn’t belong to me. Yeah, she and I will have to go war in a court of law, which would challenge the concept of a daddy test. I refuse to give my blood for anyone, to anyone, with anyone. So, if the judge awards her my fatherhood? Yeah, bitch, you might win it all! Then, you and I will still not get married foreverly. But we could share this barn interior for a cozy warm house. Then, you can get up and go to work at five am in the morning until sunrise for our food meal and all the baby supplies,” he laughs.
“Why should I pay for everything? This is the 21st century, man or woman. Men and women are equal. Right? Right!” He closes the eyelids and exhales with a large huff of trouble, inhaling a deep breath of heated air to relax.
The hot air will allow Flamingo to take a short relaxing catnap before attacking the food pantry to levitate a hungry stomach inside the barn. He is not traveling back to his house or his bedroom or his bathroom, until his attendance on Monday morning for his school sessions.
His mother can worry about his whereabouts as Flamingo doesn’t give a shit. And his two brothers can try to find Flamingo inside 6,400 acres of crop fields and forestland, until they finally give up and then call out the Alabama National Guard units.


McCory ranch house
Second floor level setting
04:26 pm


Breck slowly escorts his mom up each polished step and in the front of her private bedroom archway on the second floor of the house which is located on the opposite of the staircase and the living quarters of her three sons and then stops, gently providing her a tighter hug of love, releasing her petite body. She slowly stumbles ahead inside the bedroom with a pair of blurry eyeballs of tears feeling sad about the current baby situation, where her and her family should be happy.
Cinco stops in silence and stands a few feet behind Breck and Arie with a set of mixed emotions of sadness, angry, and fear, also, but he feels differently about the baby without the same shared feeling coming from Breck and his mom.
Breck watches his mom enter into the room and leans over, gently shutting the door for her privacy releasing the door handle, spinning around with a sneer and then dashes ahead toward the Pig Pen space, where Flamingo is lounging inside while studying for his final examinations.
Cinco slide sideways and rams his body into Breck with a loud grunt, hugging Breck like a lover, twirling them around in a complete circle with a soft sneer into the eardrum of his brother. “Let it be, Breck! Flamingo needs time. Mama needs time. This ain’t your concern. It ain’t your newborn baby, either. This is Flamingo’s issue.”
Breck sneers into the face of Cinco while trying to break away from the strong biceps of his brother without success. “It’s my concern when Mama’s feelings are hurt.”
At 04:35 pm inside the Pig Pen, Cinco slowly moves backward from the closed door in Arie’s bedroom and continues to bear hug Breck with a set of strong muscles and a set of gritted teeth in silence, dragging both of them into the Pig Pen space, which is also a quiet environment at the moment. The electronic equipment is powered off, except for the occasion soft whine of the air-condition system blowing cold air throughout the house.
Pig Pen is a rectangular room made of wood but covered in a soft puke green foam mat, scooting around three ratty, torn, and food stained dark brown lounge chaise chairs, protruding out from three different walls per Arie. The famed Pig Pen court is used to shoot basketballs through the single white dangling netting which is attached to a blue tinted metal hoop that is ten feet in the air from the foam mat floor. The ring is secured to a fan-shaped backboard which is made of bright red fiberglass, clashing with all the brightly painted yellow tinted walls.
Usually the three brothers chat and laugh in baritone timber on an individual mobile telephone while playing on an individual remote control electronic game station. The remote control electronic game stations are connected to the mainframe video gaming station that is currently not activated on the seventy inched plasma television. Inside the wall, there is located a set of built-in speakers which is piped inside Pig Pen, where the music flows from the local radio stations. A second non-active seventy inched plasma television is black tinted without a picture or sound.
They stop in the middle of the room with Cinco sneering into the rear skull of Breck. Breck growls into the open archway while struggling to burst out of the strong biceps of his brother.
Cinco releases Breck with a sneer and then shoves the body away from his chest.
Breck spins around with a sneer and slams a fist toward the face of his brother. Cinco is too quick and prepared catching the soaring fist from Breck with a growl, shoving both the arm and the body Breck further away Cinco. Cinco snarls in fury. “Flamingo ain’t here. He’s inside his private bedroom with the door closed. Do not disturb him, Breck! I’m mad and pissed and upset with this entire stupid situation too. But I am madder and pissed at you rather than Flamingo. Flamingo is our brother, one-third of the triplet family. We’re brothers. We think and look alike. We stick together with everything. Now, you have sided with Mama.”
“Mama’s right.”
Cinco sneers. “Mama’s wrong. She didn’t hear or listen or concern with Flamingo’s story or his side. Everything has two sides or sometimes more.”
Breck exhales with a loud snort. “Flamingo is a father. That kid looks just like him. Jeranda is a beautiful tall and slender African-American teen female. I can’t believe that she produced a son with a head of curly blonde hair and a pair of blue eyeballs, but she did.”
Cinco laughs. “All babies are born with a pair of blue eyeballs, Brick Brain. Even I know as a letter D average high school student that true medical fact. The eyeballs of the baby could change into brown hue like his mother first. Second, she fucked with a fertile boy, who possesses a head of blonde hair and a tone of pale skin, like me and you and Flamingo. That's all! So, it is all genetics for the baby. We each easily suntan in the bright sun, but our natural skin coloring is slightly lighter than darker like Jeranda’s. The baby has pale skin like the true father. Look here! I can see how the baby resembles each one of us, when we were three tiny tots. But that doesn’t mean that Flamingo is the father.”
He exhales with a growl. “If Flamingo takes a DNA paternal test, then we will all know the truth.”
Cinco exhales with bad breath. “Why should he take a medical test, Breck? I believe in Almighty God and Brother Jesus without seeing their face or even hearing their voice, because I have faith within my mind and with all the written words from the Bible that they exist and are with me every day and night. Mama, she preaches that she loves us and cares for us and takes care of us. Then, pow right in the kisser! One day, a whore shows up on our front door step with a baby that happens to look like one of her sons. Then she believes that bitch over the spoken words of her own son. I’m pissed at Mama too. Wonder if it was you, Breck? How would you feel?”
He sneers. “It ain’t me. You can argue that point. I can’t wonder or ponder or feel nothing. But I’m going to talk to…”
Cinco slides in front of the Breck with a sneer. “If you stomp on my foot, I’ll break your leg. Then, you’ll be hobbling down the aisle on our festive nightly graduation ceremony. That’ll be more memorable than a new baby with blonde hair,” laughing.”
“You really are the true bad asshole in the McCory family, Cinco. I always thought Flamingo had that title, but I’m wrong.”
“You’re right. I’m the badass. Flamingo is second best, right now. Now, you, go and sit down and do nothing. I know you’ve passed all your final examinations and got nothing to do. You can’t go over to your girlfriend’s house either, since she’s studying for her final tests too. So, you can go and check on Mama and fix her a plate of food. Or you can go and play a video game or something else, quietly. I gotta study for my final examinations like Flamingo to graduate high school. You are not to disturb Flamingo for any reason. And if you do…”
Breck exhales with a huff of annoyance at Cinco, who’s the real tough ass in the family. He slowly back steps with a growl and then slides down into the padded chair in front of the office desk, placing both fingers on top of the keyboard with a stern face. He looks down and types on the screen accessing information on DNA tests, babies and parenting which is bigger and better than the tiny screen on his mobile telephone. Cinco is correct. Breck had nothing to do but wait for graduation night. Then his girl and all his friends would be free of school until the new set of college classes rounded around in the month of June.
Breck has been accepted to play on the football team, so a series of summer time college classes starts at the same with the early football practice sessions in the heated month of June. Then he, Cinco, and Flamingo will be leaving the cow ranch living in a shared apartment near the university staring their new life of manhood without their mom.
In the Pig Pen, Cinco slowly moves backward with a sneer at Breck and then tumbles down into his assigned ratty brown tinted matching chaise lounge, pulling out his mobile telephone, checking the text messages with a stern face.
Breck frowns at the computer screen while scanning through the data. “Some of us are born to fuck up.”
Cinco continues to read each text with a sour frown. “That’s harsh, Breck!”
He continues to scan the computer screen with a stern face. “Well, Flamingo ain’t here to debate otherwise. That baby is cute. He looks just like Flamingo.”
Cinco smiles down at the text from his girl Babbie, “Me and you look just like Flamingo, too. Is, perhaps, the baby yours instead?”
He continues to scan the computer screen with a sneer, “Hell, no! I mean that Flamingo needs to mature and accept the fact that he is a father and Flamingo should apology to our mama first.”
Cinco continues to read each text message from different friends. “I don’t think she wants to hear that sentence.”
He continues to scan the screen with a huff of annoyance. “Life is too short for Mama and Flamingo to be mad at each other. Hell! Flamingo starts college in three weeks. He’ll be gone for six years at school coming home only for the holidays.”
Cinco frowns down at the text message. “We are only a few hours away within the metro city of Birmingham, not way across the country, Cinco.”
“I know that. I’m worried about Flamingo and Mama.”
Breck frowns at the screen with the new information. “I am too. Look! Flamingo, now, has a new pathway in his life.”
“You have Cilla! And if it were your life, would you drop Cilla for a mama-baby?”
Breck continues to view the computer screen with the new information and a silly grin. He and Cilla, they are a newest, hot social couple at Lacy Springs High School, and Breck likes that. His brother Flamingo has always realized upon the beaming sunshine rays and twinkling bright outer space stars coming from quirky science of astrology to pick out his next fucking date on Saturday night.
Breck always follows his heart over the bright stars. however, Flamingo has always enjoyed pointing out each personality flaw or trait and each compatibility feature on each mysterious teen female at Lacy Springs High School during the dating weekend by a triplet based on her actually birthday. And he is always correct and accurate. And he had provided all the celestial information to Breck about the new teen girl Cilla.
Cilla was born on February 16th. Actually, she is born on the cusp of two horoscope signs between February 15th and 21st. The Aquarius-Pisces represents the cusp of sensitivity, which means that Cilla lives within a compassionate and imaginative place within her mind, body and soul, which Breck likes.
She possesses a spiritual, artistic, peace-loving, friendly and original personality. The Aquarius-Pisces cusp personality is labeled as ‘offbeat’ or ‘eccentric.’ The person is stimulated by visionary ideas and new experiences, highly intellectual but not very good with practical details and follow-through. And Breck admires that also.
The Aquarius-Pisces cusp person is social or shy or a mixture of both, because spending time with others is a great stress relief but at the same distress the personality with sensitivity. The cusp person is the most intuitive cusp placement leading with a compassionate view of the world. The person dives into spiritual matters and philosophical ideas which is much more important than managing the details of day-to-day life events. The cusp person will lose items, forget appointments, show up late, and stand you up, because the person is too preoccupied thinking about making the world a better place on a deep mentally and emotional level.
All of her zodiac personality traits from Flamingo are accurate and true as Breck and Cilla had bumped into each other’s face at the morning church services on Sunday.
Breck exhales with a smile and stares at the monitor, “Naw! I love my girl Cilla. She and I are the perfect mix and make the perfect harmony and musical rhythm together. I know that, too. I’m saying or trying to say that Mama has provided us with a comfortable life. Actually, we don’t have to work a job, if we desired to bum around the house and watch our money grow.”
Cinco laughs at the next text message on his mobile telephone screen. “I think Mama might have a few choice words about you bumming around the house naked and drinking a case of cold beer every night without getting a work career.”
He exhales with frustration and types on the keyboard for more internet information. “I’m not going to do that.”
Cinco laughs. “But if I were in Flamingo’s situation, I might elect that option. Why should he work and provide for a family that he didn’t want?”
Breck frowns. “I dunno. It’s the Christian thing to do. A man supports his biological family.”
He stares down the same text message on the mobile telephone, “She can support the family household and their living lifestyle, too. Women are equal to men, now days. She can get the work job for money. Mama will take care of the baby for free. But, the other grandmother will babysit and change dirty diapers and sing to the kid for free, too. Do you remember this chick Jeranda?”
“No, not really!”
Cinco presses the icon moving to the next text message with a stern face. “I do. She was there at Lacy Springs High for about a month and then left the school and the town for some reason.”
“That’s strange. How do you remember her?”
Cinco exhales and stares down at the new text message on his mobile telephone. “Like Flamingo, the other guys, with or without a steady girl, had more interest in her big oversized tits, not her pretty face too.” 
“Yes, I can see that. Why wasn’t I intrigued?”
“She wasn’t a virgin. That’s your own rule.”
“O yeah!” Breck exhales. “You know, to me, her last name sounds familiar to my neurons.”
Cinco rolls the finger down to the next text message with a smile. “I just tell ya that she went to Lacy Springs High with us, last May, which confirms that the baby was born three months ago plus nine months, which is twelve months ago.”
Breck continues to stare at computer screen at the new information, “Naw! I have heard that name before. Where was it?”
“You heard it inside the doorway like me.”
Breck continues to stare at the computer screen with the new information, “Naw! She didn’t mention her name inside the doorway. She didn’t say anything but ran over and then kissed Flamingo,” he looks up a gasp and views the blonde hair roots on Cinco, snapping the fingers, nodding with a stern face. “Shit!”
Cinco looks up with a puzzled brow to see Breck. “What is, shit?”
He nods. “I remember where I saw that name. It was on our payroll records.”
Cinco gasps in alarm. “O shit! You’re really shitting on me.”
“Naw! I don’t shit on my two brothers.”
“How come you saw her name on the ranch’s payroll records?”
Breck flips a hand with a stern face. “It was one of my many ranch-style home-made educational training sessions with Mama. I was learning about payroll and taxes and other stuff that I don’t wanna know now. I remembered seeing that name on a paycheck roster.”
Cinco gasps in alarm, “Jeezus! If that’s true, then Flamingo fucked the hired help.”
“You said that Flamingo is not the father.”
Cinco frowns. “I’m being logical and legal. You’re going to be the pretend lawyer, who can’t pass the bar,” laughing.
He hisses, “Hardy! Ha! Ha! I hate your jokes. Let’s go downstairs and look through the paycheck roster! I wanna be certain before we take the new information to Mama,” Breck slides off the padded office chair and stands upright with a nod to Cinco, moving ahead toward the open archway.
Cinco slides off the lounge chair with a worried brow, following behind Breck in silence.
They slowly move down the staircase without making too much noise while worrying about the state of mind of their mother.
Breck exits the staircase in silence and then turns to face the open archway with a worried brow, strolling through the narrow hallway, moving down the corridor and then enters inside the den space.
At 04:55 pm in the den setting, Breck swiftly moves ahead and then stops standing in front of a long office desk of dark wood in front of a window with the curtain open. The western sunlight creates a pretty array of baby sun beans over each item on top of the hard surface of the office desk.
Cinco shuffles ahead and then stops beside Breck in silence, looking at each item on the desk also.
Breck reaches down and touches the payroll book, swiftly flipping through the pages and then stops with a worried brow. He pointed down to the same last name: Ferdome Exvanire.
“Damn!” Cinco whispers in alarm. “That’s the name of Jeranda’s mother. She worked here for us.”
“Yeah, her name is listed right here. She was an employee here on the McCory Ranch.”
Cinco frowns with worry. “Does that impact Flamingo’s legal case?”
“Flamingo doesn’t have a legal case.”
Cinco nods. “Yes, he does have a legal case. If Flamingo doesn’t become the father voluntarily for the baby, then there is an assigned judge and an assigned lawyer involved.”
Breck gently closes shut the book without making any loud noises, wearing a confused brow. “How do you know that?”
He chuckles softly, “Geez! The pretend lawyer doesn’t know his pretend law. One of Kruger’s female relatives became preg-nancy and then Kruger told me all about the sad mommy case. The father of the baby had to quit college and then get a paying job to pay out child support monies. The two teens didn’t get married either. But the father of the baby had to pay out money or go to jail.”
Breck gasps, “Geez! That’s harsh!”
Cinco whispers with a worried brow. “Damn! This is Flamingo’s future life, if he is the true father,” he back steps from the office desk and then spins around with a worried brow, moving ahead toward the open archway, turning back into the narrow semi-dark hallway. 
Breck follows behind Cinco pondering the delicate situation also in silence.
Cinco moves back toward the kitchen first and then enters the space, stopping in front of the food pantry, selecting an assortment of numerous dry and cold food items. “We’re all going to go out to eat for the supper meal tonight, but things got changed. I’m order several boxes of pizza for home delivery, since you give Mama your cell phone. I don’t think Mama wants to eat pizza or anything other food items. AJ is going to be gone, until midnight. I’m carrying a tray of food upstairs into Pig Pen. I gotta go and study for my academic tests,” he fiddles with the food items and then arranges each one on top of a lap tray without spilling the contents, stepping backward from the kitchen counter and then stops. He leans down and grabs his backpack with the school books, slinging the strap over one collar bone and then moves ahead and stops. He picks up the tray of food with a heavy heart and a worried brow.
It is going to be a long night, even if Flamingo is mad and his mom is sad. No matter the outside influences or loved family member right now. Cinco has five tests to prepare and study for the next week final examinations with the first one on Monday morning and the last one on Wednesday afternoon. He slowly spins around to face the narrow hallway, moving ahead down the lonely quiet corridor within a sad house with a stern face.
Breck also fiddles and then fills a lap tray with an array of tasty and yummy food snacks and as his stomach doesn’t care about his sad heart or his sad mother or his mad brother Flamingo. He lifts the tray and follows Cinco down the same quiet hallway, up the staircase, and into the Pig Pen in total silence.
At 05:11 pm, Breck slides down back into the office chair with a stern face at the office desk in front of the desktop computer screen while eating and surfing the internet for topics related to parenting, DNA testing, and child support with worry, intrigue, and readiness for an upcoming legal battle.
Eighteen-year-old mother Jeranda seems like the type of woman who will not freely free Flamingo from his fatherly obligation with their shared biological baby and might toss a legal paternity lawsuit up Flamingo’s butt-hole inside a court of law. If so, this is an excellent opportunity for Breck to show off his immature and novice legal skills in defending his brother during a real court trial while working with a real licensed lawyer.
Breck feels that Flamingo is the father of the babe, since Flamingo has fucked a lot of girls throughout middle school and high school more than Breck. The odds of Flamingo fathering a child appear high in his favor or in this case, his deterrent.
However, a legal client, even Flamingo, is innocent, until proven guilty as stated by American law. So, Breck will work hard trying to prove his brother Flamingo innocent which is also against all odds.
Anyways, Flamingo does not have to marry the cunt teen mother, only provide a monthly monetary payment for their baby, until the age of eighteen years old and that’s the legal law. And his mother Arie will gladly write the check while spending time with her new grandson.
Actually, Breck thinks the entire situation true while wasting time to fight against a baby boy. 
Cinco slides back down inside the lounge chaise and places the food tray on the side table, dropping the backpack of books down next to the furniture, sitting down, and pulls a book from the backpack. He slams the hard manual over both of his upper legs, flips the pages, and finally stops, studying the information for his test next week, reaching over and grabs the first food item. He eats and studies in silence.
He is worried about his mom, but she is a mature adult with lots of life experiences and the neurons to handle any teen crisis, where Cinco is only a teen with an immediate concern of graduating high school next week.



Saturday May 2nd


9:09 am
Hot temperatures and parted clouds of bright sunshine
McCory Homestead location
Pig Pen setting


The pan of cooked food drifts out from the kitchen space and then floats up the staircase, floating through the cracks of closed doors and the open doorway inside Pig Pen.
Inside Pig Pen, Cinco again lounges on top of his assigned chaise lounge after getting a hot shower and a good night’s sleep while dreaming of parallelograms, wearing the same set of slightly dirty white T-shirt and a pair of black tinted blue jeans with a pair of bare feet. He wishes that Flamingo would awaken his lazy ass from the bed mattress and enter into Pig Pen. Cinco has a series of questions about the geometry answers that he doesn’t understand. He could ask his other brother Breck the same questions, but Breck likes to lecture about not studying throughout the school year first before finally explaining the answer.
Between the two brothers, Flamingo enjoys instructing an academic lecture to an eager pupil.
Cinco stops constructing the right angle on the sheet of paper with the blue ink pen when his nostrils sniff up the delicious odor, sliding the books to the side, standing upright with a smile. AJ must be awake and cooking the breakfast meal. So, maybe, Arie is feeling better about her son Flamingo.
Cinco dashes out Pig Pen with a smile, across the hallway, and down the stairs. He thinks about checking on Flamingo, like a good brother for 1.2 seconds, and then dismisses the idea. Flamingo smells the same delicious odor of cooked food and can make a visual presentation inside the kitchen also.
Cinco doesn’t know how the morning would run with Flamingo’s angry and Arie’s tears, but he doesn’t have time to referee the two adults. He needs to eat and then return back to the books working on that weird geometry problem.
At 09:13 am inside the kitchen, Cinco rushes inside and then halts with a laugh, “Breck! Breck, are you cooking the breakfast meal this morning?”
Breck stands in front of the stove oven like an old married housewife, wearing a sissy blue colored apron with a red tinted flying bird on the front pocket, a nice pair of blue jeans, a short-sleeved red colored shirt, and a pair of bare feet while holding a frying pan of steaming scrambled eggs in one hand and a cooking spatula in the other with a smile. “Come and get it! Before AJ gobbles down all the eggs and then licks the frying pan for fun,” he back steps from the stove oven and then spins around, moving ahead and stops, sliding some of the cooked eggs down into the new plate with a chuckle.
Cinco races ahead to the breakfast table with a chuckle and then slides down into the chair, admiring the new arrangement on top of the hard surface with a smile. “And the table surface is prettily set with cloth placements, stoneware plates, steel utensils, cloth napkins and glass tumblers. Who are you this morning, Breck?”
Breck leans over and then dumps the other half of the eggs into the dirty plate in front of AJ with a smile, back stepping from the two males with the hot pan, slowly spinning around and places the hot pan on top of the stove oven. “I’m the new and improved Breck. Since we’re leaving the nest and venturing out into the real world, I wanted to learn how to cook and prepare a series of simple meals for me and my bros, while we attend school,” he spins around with a smile and moves ahead, sitting down at the breakfast table with his family and eats his plate of food. “Our college schedules will fluctuate between our study time, our free time, our football time, and our girlfriends. I plan to cook up some meals and then freeze them, when we’re on the go. Eating too much fast junk food will be bad for the body!”
“Freshman students live on pizza and beer, Breck,” Cinco lifts a forkful of eggs near his smile. “That’s my food preparation and eating meal at breakfast, lunch, and dinner for the next four years,” he eats and chews the food with a nod of approval.
AJ wears a pair of blue jeans, a green tinted short-sleeved shirt, and a pair of cowboy boots, eating and then swallows the food, wiping the mouth with the napkin and a smile. “Boxes of hot or cold pizza slices go only so far. And athletics are not encouraged or at least frowned upon to consume too much beer. College is different animal than high school, Cinco. I salute Breck’s change in venue. Ya’ll are coming from a small town school, where the common lunchroom is painted in puke green tinted row of silly looking mushroom on the bottom of the walls for the pre-teens.”
Cinco laughs out loud and tosses a set of used food particles across the naked wood on the table wiping a dirty mouth with his forearm. He stabs the meat with the fork while nodding with a chuckle and a smile.
AJ laughs with a smile. “In college, I promise with crossed fingers and bones. There aren’t any cute silly figures on the fucking walls inside the lunchroom. The lunchroom is called a cafeteria that smells like gallons of sour milk were left lying on the floor, where the maid service didn’t get paid, after your nose holes have eaten there for two weeks. You’ll love and appreciate a home-cooked meal from Breck. The scrambled and seasoned eggs are very good, Breck. Where did you learn to cook? Because, it did not come from Arie.”
Cinco swallows the eggs and then laughs with a smile. “Our poor mama, she’s a great mom but couldn’t graduate boiling that tender chicken egg into a hard-boiled meal.”
Breck nods with a smile. “I’ve been hanging around the cook in the evening, right before supper time. She has been giving me pointers and a set of simple hand written recipes. If I follow her handwritten recipe, my food meals turn out pretty good, at least for consumption. I need to work on the presentation.”
Cinco burps out loud with a nod. “The food’s good, Breck. Who cares about presentation? When I’m hungry, my stomach doesn’t see the food, only my tongue,” he ate the eggs and the meat slices, chewing with a smile.
AJ nods with a smile. “Cinco told it right!”
Breck stirs his plate of food with a smile. “And I wanted to impress my girl Cilla. She’s going to live in one of the dormitories and will receive a meal ticket from her parents. So, I can invite her over to my apartment for a home cooked meal…”
“Do you remember the rule?” AJ frowns. “A female can’t spend the night inside the apartment with ya’ll. Females, they’re the worse bitches with their cat fights over another feline and I am not talking about a pet cat.”
Breck eats the food and listens. Cinco nods with a smile. “Yes sir! That’s one rule we will not break, isn’t that right, Breck?” Then he eats the food.
Breck swallows the food with a smile, “Right! I plan to have Cilla and Babbie come over for a shared meal. So, we can spend some time together. I understand that college is a different animal from high school. And I’m going to be busy with football practice and classes.” He eats more food.
AJ nods with a smile and wipes his hands from the greasy food on the napkin. “Yes, you’ll be very busy.”
Breck swallows the food with a worried brow. “How’s Mama doing? She didn’t come down for my surprise breakfast meal. I know the odor drifted upstairs that how Cinco showed up,” laughing. Then he eats and chews the food.
AJ exhales with a worried brow. “She looks really terrible after crying all night in bed. And she’s tired and worried about Flamingo. I would let her do her own thing today and tomorrow. I don’t think we’ll going to show up in church on Sunday. The bad news, I and Jeranda had to visit the grocery store and other stores yesterday for house supplies and other goodies. Yeah, I ran into a lot of people that I know. Jeranda didn’t know them but she knows now.”
Cinco sips and then swallows the beverage, slapping the glass on top of the hard surface, spilling the contents with a sour frown, “Geez! Flamingo’s going to be pissed.”
AJ frowns. “There’s nothing we can do about that. Where’s Flamingo?”
Breck swallows the food with a sour frown. “He’s still upset and pouting inside his private bedroom and then pooping inside his private bathroom. Leave the boy be today also! He can come down and fix his own food meals today. I’m not feeding Flamingo,” he eats and chews the food.
AJ exhales with a nod. “Well, the good news, Jeranda and her mother and the baby are safely tucked into one of the new houses on the edge of the farm property. That was brilliant idea, Breck! Arie didn’t get to say that, but I will. Jeranda was much happier after seeing the house while talking about Flamingo and the baby.”
Breck swallows the food with a stern face. “What do you think about this situation, AJ? What are we going to do with Flamingo?”
AJ stands upright from the chair with a smile, “Naw, now! Yes, I love your mother and I will marry your mother for best or worse. But, this family matter is truly a McCory thing. I’m not going to pass judgment or offer my opinion. Now, if Arie would like my input, I’ll provide it to her, in private. I don’t know what’s going to happen here. But I do know that our grandparents have been told about the baby situation.”
Breck gasps. “Damn! Is Grandmother McCory on her way here to house with her loaded shotgun?”
Grandmother McCory is the wife of the deceased Breck Freehurst McCory and the paternity mother of the deceased Breck Freehurst McCory, Junior. She is extremely overprotective with her three active and wonderful grandsons and its helps that she is born under the zodiac sign of Sagittarian.
A Sagittarian is a truth-seeker using her body, her eyeballs, and her nose, rolling down each gravel driveway, talking to a lot of different folks, and then finding out every truthful answer. The Archer represents the zodiac sign of the Sagittarian, who represents a clear thinker by choosing to look at the big picture within the world, or in this case, the world within Lacy Spring, Alabama.
A Sagittarian also likes to debate with their well-thought-out kitty-cat knowledgeable and curious point of view in which Grandmother McCory does consistently with her grandsons and Arie’s sister Aurora. The Scorpio is drawn in the shape of a scorpion. That’s the beauty of the Scorpio. The Scorpio person would rather kill you then become killed by you, since she ultimately controls her own destiny while making each one overbearing, intense, passionate, and filled with deep desires, sometimes secretive.
Inside the kitchen space, Cinco laughs, “Probably!”
AJ frowns, “Hmm! I would’ve never thought that Iredell insist upon a shotgun wedding for her grandson Flamingo.”
“She ain’t. The shotgun is to murder cunt-whore Jeranda in cold blood and then bury the dead blue tinted cold body somewhere underneath her personal farm property for messing with her precious grandson Flamingo,” Cinco laughs with Breck.
AJ cringes and then covers both eardrums, shaking his skull, “Geez! I did not hear you say those death words, Cinco.”
Cinco laughs with a nod. “Well, it’s true and truly might happen. I’d strongly suggest that you go on a short vacation and take Mama with you for a couple of days. Then, when ya’ll return back home, everything will be peachy keen fine, again,” he reaches over with a laugh and then bumps fist with Breck.
AJ exhales with a smile, “All right! My stomach is full and my neurons are stunned. I’m going to check on Arie. What are you, two doing today?”
Cinco frowns, “Studying!”
Breck mops up the plate of food with a smile. “I’m cleaning up the kitchen and practicing some new recipes for lunch. Maybe, Mama will come down for a bite of food. Can you ask her, AJ?”
AJ nods with a smile. “Of course, I’ll ask her. Enjoy your day! Uh! Are you going to check on Flamingo?”
“Naw!” Cinco swallows the food.
“No!” Breck eats the food.
AJ nods with a stern face, “All right! I hear. I understand. I obey. I’ll catch ya’ll around the kitchen for lunch time. I’m going to travel out to see Jeranda and ensure that she does not come by the house. I don’t want any more fights between Flamingo and Arie, if it can be prevented. Have a good day, boys!” He back steps with a nod and spins around to face the doorway with a worried brow, moving ahead and enters the hallway, strolling back up to his wife and his bedroom before venturing out of house.
“You, too, AJ!” Breck smiles.
Cinco smiles, “Later, AJ!”
Cinco and Breck both slowly stand upright from the chair. Cinco burps with a nod to his brother and slaps his chest with a grin. “Good food! You’re a good cook, Breck.”
Breck smiles. “Thanks! I really wanna impress Cilla. She likes a man that possesses multi-talents. Do you need some laundered clothes?”
Cinco pulls up the slightly dirty shirt that he wore yesterday and kept on a dirty body during and after sleep. He sniffs the fabric and then releases the shirt with a smile, “Naw! I’m still smell freshly sweaty. When I hit grossly unpleasant, I toss my underwear briefs in your face for the washer machine,” laughing.
He rolls the eyeballs and then frowns at Cinco, “Geez! I can’t believe that Babbie wants to marry you.”
Cinco nods with a smile. “She likes my manly smells. I love her sweetly smells. We balance out that’s why are great together.”
He smiles, “The perfect couple! Congratulations! I don’t think Flamingo and Jeranda will ever make a perfect couple.”
Cinco sneers. “If Iredell doesn’t kill that bitch-whore first, then Flamingo will beat me to it. You need to read up on first-degree murder cases and help defend our brother in a real court of law.”
He nods with a smile. “Yeah, I’ve been reading about legal law and court cases. I think you’re right. If Jeranda doesn’t get a yes word from the lips on Flamingo, then she’s going to get a smart ass lawyer. Lucky thing! I plan to be a lawyer. I can earn my keep by defending our bro.”
Cinco gasps. “I…I thought you didn’t believe Flamingo.”
He nods with a smile. “I still don’t believe Flamingo. I believe Jeranda. However, Flamingo is my blood and Jeranda is not. Anyways, Flamingo’s going to lose in a court of law, but I wanna get some real lawyering experience, while I can, without anyone going to the jail or the death chair.”
Cinco laughs. “You’re a real son of bitch, Brick Brain!”
He smiles. “Thanks! I’m trying hard to live up the sleazy lawyer reputation, before I become one.”


McCory Woodlands
Red painted barn location
Log and Flower Garden
Second floor level setting of Flamingo
9:22 am
Hot temperatures with parted clouds of sunshine and cool breeze


The bright sunshine slowly crawls up the blanket and then wiggles side to side, slapping the nose bridge on Flamingo. He continues to dream in a deep slumber without snoring and then gently reaches up touching the nose, feeling the heat. He stirs awake with a gasp of shock. His eyeballs adjust to the bright light and then stare into each side naked wall of wood and as his neurons remember his personal exile into the deep woodlands.
His head lifts up from the pillow a few inches and as his legs feel heavy with additional weight for some strange reason. Then he smiles with a goofy grin. Between his set of spread legs and on top of the dark warm blanket, a set of six kittens are curled into an individual puff of colored fur sleeping between the long legs on Flamingo. His pair of eyeballs is witnessing the cutest visual sight on a lonely Saturday morning.
The mama cat is named Vexy which had been assigned by silly, but sincere baby brother Cinco. Cinco is allowed to name all the animals on the farm, because Breck and Flamingo do not want the task.
Vexy is a Maine Coon breed.


§


A Maine Coon feline is one of the largest breed of domesticated cats with a distinctive physical appearance with a ruff along its chest, thick bone structure, triangular body shape, with long hair and a long, bushy tail, which also is known as the “gentle giant.” 
The Maine Coon cat displays an intelligent, loyal, independent, not clingy feline personality. The feline is also known as a “lap cat” with a gentle disposition around dogs, other cats, and children. The cat possesses a playful and affectionate personality, where the male is more clownish and the female is dignified.
The breed is fascinated with water as opposed to its cat kinship. Some theories harbor that this personality trait comes from their ancestor, who were aboard sailing ships during the seafaring years.
The feline produces a set of very loud, vocal sounds, including yowling, howling, trilling, chirping.
There are not any known records of the Maine Coon’s breed introduction into the United States. 
The creation of the Maine Coon breed is filled with both speculation and folklore.
One story details Marie Antoinette, the Queen of France, before her guillotine execution in the year 1793, had attempted to escape from Paris with the help of Captain Samuel Clough. She loaded all her prized values into his ship, including six of her favorite Turkish Angora cats. She did not arrive in the United States of America, due to a hair appointment, but all of her pets reached the shoreline of Wiscasset, Maine, USA, where the cat mated with some of the other short-haired felines and then created the modern day Maine Coon species.
Another story references Captain Charles Coon, an English seafarer who kept long-haired cats aboard his ship. Whenever his ship anchored off the port of New England, the feline would exit and then mate with the feral cats. When a litter of long-haired kittens appeared in the local feline population, the people referred the new breed as one of Coon’s cats.
As the largest domestic cat, the feline weighs from 13 to 18 pounds for a male and between 8 to 12 pounds of weigh for a female. Either sex can reach between 10 to 16 inches in height, not including a standard 14-inched tail.
A Maine Coon cat can be presented by a large variety of colors and patterns and also an assortment of variety eye colors, including blue or odd colored eyes, which can be two different tints.
A Maine Coon feline is adapted for survival in harsh winter climates with a soft, silky thick fur of hair during the wintertime. The coat is dense and water resistant for extra protection while walking or sitting on top of wet surfaces of snow or ice. Their long bushy tail is resistant to sinking in the snow and is curled around their face and shoulders for warmth and protection from the wind and snow. A set of large paws is similar to a pair of human snow shoes while walking over snow.


§


Inside the hayloft, on top of the wooden cot, Flamingo slowly turns a smile and hunts for the mama cat of the six kittens. Vexy possesses silver tinted fur hair that gleams in the bright sunshine and displays a long body of 15 inches, including 14 inches of a long bushy silver tinted tail with an assortment of white and black colored strands. Vexy is sleeping someplace else but guards her kittens from above on top of one of the longer rafter ceiling position with her motherly feelings and feline instincts. Flamingo does not see the mama cat, but her body is both long and heavy. She weighs 14 pounds which is an extremely large feline and would make both of Flamingo’s legs numb with sparkling pain, if the mama cat had been sleeping on top of his lower body among her six babies.
He looks back with a grin at the six curled babies. The six kittens appear to be seven weeks old, which means each kitten is ready to be weaned off the warm milk tit of the mother cat and hunt for its own food.
The McCory Ranch houses numerous feral cats that live and thrive on the farm property under the protection of Arie and each farm hand. Each feral cat has a responsible to devour and keep all the rats away from the new soy beans and oat grain sacks and the rolls of hay that’s stored inside each barn floor. The feral cats do an excellent job.



§


Felis catus is the scientific name for a domesticated cat. The English word cat comes from many languages of Europe. Latin word is cattus. Byzantine Greek word is kata. Spanish word is gato. French word is chat. German word is katze. Egyptian word is caute. Swedish word is kattepus. Norwegian word is pusekatt.
A herd of cats is called a clowder. A male cat is called a tom or a tomcat. A female cat is called a queen. A baby cat is called a kitten.
The domestic cat is known to have evolved from the Eastern wildcat around 8,000 BC in the Middle East and shares a common ancestor with lions, tiger, and cougars and other wilder felines. A domestic cat like Daisy is part of the genus Felis.
Social researchers had found that a cat is the second most popular pet in the USA behind the freshwater fish. In the United Kingdom, the cat was the third most popular pet behind the fish and dog.
The average domestic cat weights nine pounds. The largest breed the Maine Coon can exceed 24 pounds of weight with a thick furry coat for catching rats within a barn setting.
The average adult cat is nine inches in height and 18 inches from skull to rump, where the tail of a cat averages 12 inches in length.
Within the anatomy of a female, a cat has seven cervical vertebrae like all mammals. Thirteen thoracic vertebrae compared to the twelve in a human. A set of seven lumbar vertebrae is displayed in a cat to five in a human. Three sacral vertebrae like other mammals where a human has five. There are a number of caudal vertebrae inside the cat’s tail, where a human has five caudal vertebrae fused into the internal coccyx.
All the extra lumbar and thoracic vertebrae pieces provide spinal mobility and flexibility for a cat. A cat possesses thirteen ribs, two shoulder blades, and the pelvis. The forelimbs of the cat are attached to the shoulder by a set of free-floating bones allowing them to pass their body through any space into which they can fit their furry skull.
The skull of the cat is unique among all the mammals with a set of very large eye sockets and a powerful jaw line with a set of narrowly space canine teeth. Within the mouth of a cat, the teeth are adapted for killing prey and tearing out the meat. A cat overpowers its prey by delivering a lethal neck bite with the two long canine teeth, inserting them between the prey’s vertebrae and severs the spinal cord causing paralysis and then death of a small rodent.
A cat possesses a set of strong teeth, where the premolar and the first molar together compose the carnassial pair on each side of the mouth shearing the fresh meat of the prey into small pieces, but the cat teeth can decay which causes tooth loss and infections.
A cat is digitigrades, like a dog, walking directly on their toes with the bones of their feet making up the lower part of the leg. A cat places each hind paw directly in the print of the corresponding fore paw minimizing noise and visible tracks.
A cat paces, not walks, moving the two legs on one side of the body, before the legs on the other side, which is a shared trait with a camel and a giraffe. When a cat trots, the speed changes into a diagonal gait, where the diagonally opposite hind and fore legs move simultaneously like most other mammals, including a lizard.
A cat is able to tolerate intense air and heat temperatures, where a human cannot. Their skin temperature is set at 101.5 degrees Fahrenheit but discomfort sets in around 126 degrees Fahrenheit, where the cat can tolerate air temperature of up to 133 degrees Fahrenheit, if they have access to water. The heart rate pumps at 120 to 149 beats per minute. The breathing rate expresses 16 to 40 breathes per minute.
By reducing the flow of blood, a cat can conserve heat and then lose heat by evaporation through their mouth. A cat cannot sweat but possesses a set of glands which are located in their paw pads to relief heat, if a heated day without water.
However, the body temperature of a cat does not change throughout the day allowing them to be active during the day and the night. The feces turd of a cat is dry and the urine is concentrated. Both conditions allow the cat to retain as much water as possible.
The set of kidneys in a feline is so efficient; the cat can survive on a diet of meat, without additional water. A domestic cat does not like to swim like its cousin the tiger and does not enter the fresh water pond for food like a tiger either.
A cat only consumes meat, where twenty percent of their diet must be protein and also have difficulty digesting any type of plant foods.
A cat does eat grass on occasion, which supplies folic acid, helping a feline shit more turds and expel any type of parasites and other harmful materials.
A cat possesses excellent night vision and can see one-sixth the light level of a human due to the large pupils of the cat eyeballs and tapetum lucidum. Tapetum lucidum reflects any light that passes through the retina back into the eyeball, increasing the sensitivity to the dim light inside the cat’s two eyeballs.
A slit pupil in a domestic cat focuses bright light on an object as the pupils are much larger in relation to the eyeballs of a big wildcat. At low light level, each slit pupil will expand and cover most of the exposed surface of each eyeball. But a domestic cat is colorblind, like the dog, with a set of two cones that see blue to yellowish green color hues.
A cat possesses excellent hearing and it is the best among all the mammals while. Detecting a range of 10.5 octaves for cat while a human and a dog hears a range of nine. The sensitivity is enhanced by a pair of large movable outer ears on a cat also. A cat can hear an array of ultrasound sounds which is utilized in hunting. The rodent species make ultrasonic calls which are used in escaping from a hungry feline.
A cat has an acute sense of smell with a well-developed olfactory bulb which twice efficient as a human.
A cat can detect odor in plants that contain nepetalactone or catnip which affects eighty percent of all felines. The smell of catnip stimulates a cat’s sexual behavior.
A cat possesses 470 taste buds when it is compared to the 9,000 taste buds in a human. Each domestic and wild cat shares a gene mutation that keeps a mouth of sweet taste buds from binding to a set of sugary molecules while leaving a cat without the ability to taste sweetness. Their taste buds respond only to amino acids, bitter tastes, and acids. A cat has the ability to taste-smell certain odors unlike a human which is called a Jacobson’s organ inside the mouth.
A cat prefers their food around the temperature of 100 degrees Fahrenheit which stimulates a fresh kill and will reject food that is cold or refrigerated which signals a dead or decomposing prey.
The set of the long skinny almost invisible whiskers of a cat is highly sensitive to touch that aid in both their navigation skills and touch-sensation abilities. A cat possesses dozens of movable whiskers over their body, especially their faces. These movable whiskers send information into the brain of the cat about the width of wall structures and the location of objects in the dark, touching each object directly with their moveable whiskers first and sensing the air currents about the object. The whiskers also trigger a protective blink reflex to protect the large cat eyes from damage.
A cat holds a fondness for resting and sleeping in a high place or perching like a bird, watching out for the prey. Hence, Vexy and her six kittens had been enjoying the warm fabric of the soft blankets during the cool evening which was ten feet off the floor. Her six kittens are too small to leap from the wooden floor onto one of the upper rafters or to climb down the steep steps onto the floor, so Vexy still mothers her six babies.
A cat enjoys the high spot perching on a tree branch or a ledge of a flat fence striking the prey with a leap and then a bounce on the critter. During a fall from a high place, a cat can twist its entire and upright its balance using its acute sense of balance which is known as the cat righting relax at the minimum height of three feet.
An outdoor cat is active both day and night. A feline conserve energy by sleeping more than other animals with an average of thirteen hours within a twenty-four hours. “Cat nap” refers to the tendency of a sleeping feline during the daylight hours.
The domesticated cat is a social creature that usually lives within the cat colony. Each cat colony houses distinct land territory that is ruled by an active sexual tomcat. Each distinct land territory is marked by urine spraying, rubbing objects at head height with secretion from facial glands, and by defecation.
Within the colony, a set of cats will chase away any stranger by staring, hissing, growling and then violent attacks of fangs and claws. However, each feline does not maintain a pack mentality like a wolf pack and always hunts alone.
An older cat will show aggressiveness towards new kittens which is known as feline asocial aggression. A cat is not necessary the enemy of a dog as it is quoted in fiction or fact.
But a cat expresses great affection toward a human by exhibiting high-pitched sounds for food like a human baby.
A male cat will fight for the love of a female or establishing the land territory. A female cat will fight to protect her litter of kitten from harm. When a cat becomes mad, the feline will appear larger than normal by raising their fur coat, arching their back spine, turning sideways and hissing or spiting at the new enemy.
A domesticated cat uses vocal communication including purring, trilling, hissing, growling, snarling, grunting, and meowing. A feline uses body language including position of the ears and tail, relaxation of the body, and kneading of the paws, which indicate the mood of the cat. Nose to nose touching is a greeting to the human or another feline.
A cat spends a great deal of time grooming the furry coat. On the cat tongue, the hooked papillae act like a hair brush cleaning the tangled fur.
A female cat is polyestrous, which means the feline has many periods of heat in the year. And multiply tomcats are attracted to a feline female in heat, when the female utters a loud yowl of fun.
At first, the female in heat will reject the tomcat but she then allows the male to mate. The female screams a loud yowl as the tomcat pulls out, raking the walls of the vagina which trigger ovulation. This act also clears the vagina of other sperm, giving a different tomcat a chance of conception.
After mating, the female washes her vulva. If a male feline tom attempts to mate the feline cat, then the female will attack him.
After twenty minutes, the female finishes grooming and then the cycle will repeat.
Because feline ovulation is not triggered by a single tomcat mating, the female may not become impregnated by the first male. A female cat is superfecund, where a female may mate with more than one tomcat, resulting in different colored kitten in the same litter from a different father.


§


Inside the barn hayloft, on top of the wooden cot, the active mind of Flamingo silently echoes back all the learned knowledge of a feline while watching the set of sleepy kittens on top of the warm blanket between his legs.


§


One day on a hunting trip, ten years old Flamingo, his two brothers, and their six hunting dogs stumbled upon a mutilated dead tomcat, where a coyote had attacked and then killed the tomcat in victory while ripping the skin, exposing the muscles and organ tissues for fun. Breck and Cinco frowned down at the dead tomcat and then turned away continuing to hunt for small white and brown spotted quail nest which was going to be supper tonight.
Flamingo had been fascinated by the tiny mammal and reached down, placing the dead tomcat inside his hunting pouch, quickly running back home without finishing the hunt with his brother. He entered and hid inside one of the hay barns, bringing out the dead tomcat, examining all the exposed guts, blood, bones, and tissues. That moment, he had wanted to become a medical physician and study more about the guts, blood, bones, and tissues of a human.


§


Inside the barn hayloft apartment, on top of the wooden cot frame, Flamingo does not move or stir allowing each tiny kitten to continue its sweet slumber peacefully on top of the soft and warm blanket in the cool morning between the spread of his legs. He doesn’t have any place to go and continues to stare at each kitten with a smile and as his stomach continues to roar for food which would be filled, after the mama cat has awoken each tiny baby into consciousness and then moves along.
Two of the six fur balls display a fur coat of yellow and white tinted strips which had come from the same furry Maine Coon tomcat. Two other fur balls possess a smooth and short fur coat of solid black hue which had come from a short-haired tomcat. The last two fur balls exhibit a fur coat of silver and white hue which had come from the same Maine Coon tomcat.
Outside the set of closed barn doors on top of the tree stump in front of the open barn door on the first floor, Vexy leaps off the semi-flat tree stump and then swiftly glides through the open window, landing on the floor. She slowly moves ahead toward the steep staircase, quickly and quietly climbing each step, without a sound. She dashes over the wooden floor and then leaps into the air, standing on top of the wooden cot at the edge of the blanket, surveying each kitten. She ignores Flamingo as Vexy enjoys the human’s company from time to time. She opens her mouth and then releases a tiny live gray colored mouse, loudly meowing at each kitten to awaken from slumber.
Each kitten slowly stirs awake while lifting a head, yawning with a pink rough tongue and stretches out the front legs.
The mouse drops down on its back spine over the soft blanket in silence, looking dead, but the quick-thinking mouse is not injured, only stunned with dizziness, from the claws on Vexy, which is the morning meal for her six kittens. The mouse flips upright and lands onto its four short legs and then races ahead through each roll on top of the soft blanket.
Vexy continues to stand guard over her kittens and then screams with a loud meow at the runaway mouse. Each kitten jumps upright from the blanket and then turns, focusing on the moving target and then races ahead. Some of the kittens tumble sideways over the roll on the soft blanket with a pair of weak legs. But the mouse continues to race from the stumbling slow-moving kitten and dashes directly toward the dusted whiskers on Flamingo.
At the head of the bed frame, Flamingo shouts out loud in stunned fright at the moving mouse coming directly towards his face and then shuffles away from the blanket, without tossing the blanket over the cute kittens, rolling off the wooden cot and then lands down on his palms and his toe nails. He quickly stands upright with a sneer and swiftly back steps from the live mouse with a low grunt. He isn’t scared of a tiny mouse, but doesn’t want to get a nasty and dangerous mouse bite on the exterior skin which would require immediately medical attention at his house from his mother Arie.
Each kitten races ahead after the fleeing mouse with a soft growl. Two of the larger and stronger kittens leap into the air and then land down on top of the fleeing mouse, flipping the mouse on its back spine and stopping the rodent. Each tiny nose hole sniffs up the odor of the captured prey with kitty intrigue.
The other kittens move ahead and then stop, surrounding the poor little mouse, which cannot escape. Each kitten takes a turn pounding a tiny paw into the fluttering gray colored stomach on the poor mouse as the stronger kitten holds the capture prey down over the soft blanket with a set of spurting blood proteins on the fabric also.
Vexy slowly moves ahead over the rolls on the blanket as Flamingo stares with a sour frown. She continues to watch her kittens and the mouse and then stops, standing over the mouse, slapping a set of extended claw down on top of the furry stomach.
The soft fur and the thick mouse skin rips open as a set of spurting blood proteins flight into the air, over the blanket, and onto the face of each kitten. Some of the kitten retreat from the dead breakfast meal with a soft mew. The bolder kittens lean down and then eat the warm organs with a tiny hiss.
A cat hunts small prey, such like, birds and rodents, which makes the feline an excellent form of pest control for any household or land property. A feline hunt utilizes two different strategies: stalking the prey or waiting in ambush until the prey is close enough to be captured. After the capture, a feline will play with the prey or torture the animal by releasing it, after then capture. Then the feline will chase after the injured pretty and then re-capture it for fun.
This behavior has been dubbed by humans as the cat-and-mouse game.
Inside the barn hayloft apartment, on top of the wooden floor, Flamingo wears a set of red tinted underwear briefs, a naked chest, and a pair of naked feet, exhaling with a deep sigh and a low whisper, “Yeah! And the Maine Coon cat breed possesses a set of valuable hunting and killing skills. Geez, Vexy! That was my personal warm sleeping bedcovers for the next two nights. Good thing, I’m smart and a smart ass. I possess a new set of clean linens downstairs inside the hidden closet,” he slowly back steps with a frown and then swiftly glides down the steep stairs. He will allow the six kittens to enjoy the gust, blood, and tissues of the dead mouse as each kitten will consume all the body parts including the gray hair strand and then Flamingo will change the bedcovers and the bed linens for the nightly slumber.
He lands down onto the barn floor with a smile and shakes his curls at the kill sight. He’s a hunter of prey also and can understand the blood-rush of a fresh kill. Flamingo moves ahead toward the wall and then stops, sliding off a secret door that holds all of his personal “human” possessions. He quickly dresses in a pair of clean but ratty T-shirt and cotton walking shorts. The day will be heated and hot. The cotton mineral in both the shirt and the shorts will allow his body to breath while it absorbs all of his sweat easier. He back steps from the hidden closet and then closes the door with a grin, spinning around, moving ahead toward the side wall with the refrigerator. The time is mid-morning. He squats down with a chuckle and opens the door, eating the food meal in front of the small amount of cool air with all fleshy fingers and bad manners as a bad teen, filling a growling stomach and closes the door.
He slowly stands while chewing, holding a bottle of water with a nod, back stepping from the refrigerator and moves through the closed door of the barn for a new day of domestic manual work and some good old fashioned sweating within the Log and Flower Garden.
Flamingo is not returning back home for any reason. He does not want to see his mom or his brothers, until Monday morning. He wants to stay here and work both his arms and legs which will occupy his active brain cells, without his new problem.



Sunday May 3rd


McCory Homestead location
Kitchen setting
08:13 am
Hot temperatures with parted clouds of sun


Inside the kitchen, in front of the stove oven, oldest triplet Breck wears the same, but clean blue tinted sissy female apron with a smile, a nice pair of blue jeans, a blue short-sleeved shirt, and a pair of bare feet, messing around with his new duty as the house cook while experiencing with the same dishes while perfecting his set of novice cuisine skills for his girl Cilla on his brother Cinco.
Cinco is not selective about food, only that it fills an empty plate and then his empty stomach.
Cinco wears the same set of dirty clothes from yesterday, after arriving inside the kitchen from the Pig Pen space without a word and a pair of blurry eyeballs from his intense studies of each academic school book, sliding down into an empty chair in front of the nicely decorated breakfast table. He continues to sit in silence when Breck places the first entrée of breakfast in front of his blurry eyeballs that smell the good food with his clear nostrils. He quickly woofs down each breakfast entrée from the talent hands of Breck in record time, not thinking about either brother.
Middle triplet Flamingo is still pissed off at the world and has been boarded up inside his private bedroom without speaking to any other family member, since Friday afternoon. He will eventually emerge for the school day on Monday morning without delay while continuing to study for all his final academic tests.
Cinco doesn’t give a shit about Flamingo as he is too busy studying for all of the academic tests without kissing is girlfriend Babbie, who is studying for her final examinations also. And he is not fooling around or horse playing with his two high school “bestest” friends, Doyle and Yancy as they are studying for the final week of academic tests also.
Inside the kitchen space, Cinco scoots off the breakfast table chair with a loud burp, wiping the food stained lips with a forearm, spinning around with a stern face and exits the kitchen. He swiftly moves back into Pig Pen, where all his books lounge over the furniture and the floor. He stomps up the staircase like an animal and then enters Pig Pen while continuing to study for each final examination starting alone and in silent.
At the same breakfast table, oldest brother Breck plays the role of house maid while learning to become an efficient house maker for his girl Cilla cleaning up the messy table, where Cinco has messed with food splatters and dirty napkins. After cleaning the table, Breck continues the role of cook and prepared numerous plates of food for missing AJ as he is not required to test for an academic examination next week at Lacy High School.
A few minutes later, AJ stumbles into the kitchen in silence wearing a stern face, a pair of blue jeans, a red tinted short-sleeved shirt, and a pair of polished black and red cowboy boots, sliding down into an empty chair. He consumes the cold beverage while patiently waiting on the hot plate of food. He had been very busy, yesterday, dealing with too many situations while entertaining his wife Arie, his in-laws of Iredell, Jarvis, and the non-related biological family of Jeranda, her mother, and her baby. 
He had kept Jeranda away from the McCory ranch house, yesterday, on Saturday, but she had insisted on speaking with Flamingo, this morning, on Sunday, which would upset the entire household of McCory and might break out into World War Three. So, AJ will insist upon spending more of his billions, purchasing new baby furniture and all type of cute infant decorations for the baby’s room inside the free house. Jeranda and her family can ride with him inside his pickup truck while traveling into the city of Huntsville. The retail shops in the city of Huntsville is located two hours away from the McCory house in Lacy Springs which will keep Jeranda occupied for the rest of the day and into the late evening while shopping for free merchandise, where AJ will pay happily keeping Arie happily sane.
At the breakfast table, AJ consumes the tasty food plate in silence and then wipes off the mouth with a napkin, standing upright from the chair with a silence with a nod to cook Breck, spinning around and then leaves the kitchen to see his wife Arie.
On the second floor, his wife and the mother of Flamingo Arie had been devastated on Friday afternoon regarding the innocent precious baby and the nasty behavior of her son Flamingo, staying inside her private bedroom, crying on top of her bed mattress.
On Saturday, her eyeballs were puffy and tenderly swollen from crying with a red colored face. She had stopped crying as each one of her tears ducts had released and dropped down every single sad tear from her sad heart. She continued to rest inside the bed while strolling around the room occasionally for exercise, staring at the window of a pretty day on Saturday. She didn’t feel like seeing her sons. Her heart was not ready yet.
AJ had entertained Jeranda and her family on Friday evening and all day on Saturday while arranging an empty house as a new family home. He had toted around inside his big truck Jeranda and her family to the grocery store for food, the furniture store for sitting and eating furniture pieces, and the department store for a set of dishes, cleaning supplies, and other items. AJ had been exhausted with the household duties when the moonlight finally popped up and then posed in the night. He headed home and provided a light dinner for him and Arie during the evening, without talking to the triplets.
No one has felt like smiling or talking about the delicate baby situation until the high school graduation concludes next week.
Inside the entrance hall, AJ stomps up the staircase with a worried brow. He is worried for his wife Arie and her three sons. AJ has never married or sired a child, but he cares for Breck, Cinco, and Flamingo like a father-figure. So, in the current situation, he is not offering any advice or fatherly input about the baby dilemma, only comforting his wife and then leaving to attend Jeranda and her family members, keeping the family away from upset Flamingo.
A few minutes later, inside the kitchen, Breck hears the front door closed shut. AJ is leaving the house to rendezvous with Jeranda for another fun and adventurous shopping day while the entire McCory clan will miss Sunday preaching sermon today.
Inside the kitchen, Breck continues to clean up the messy dishes, plates, and counter tops softly humming a country song of happiness. He isn’t in trouble with his mother Arie or his grandparents like his brother Flamingo. And he isn’t going to perturb Cinco about the delicate baby situation, who only growls and then mouth drools with a string of curse words when he is disturbed with his academic studies.
Breck finishes all the dirty tasks back stepping with a smile, admiring the clean kitchen. He also has prepared a bowl of hot steaming spaghetti with red sauce and tons of yummy-looking rounded meatballs for the lunchtime meal. He wipes the wet hands with the dry towel with a nod, hanging the wet cloth onto the oven stove rack with a grin, sliding down into the leather shoes without a pair of socks. Breck spins around with a clap and a smile planning to settle his horse for a walk around the farm on a pretty Sunday morning while Flamingo is mad. Cinco is studying. Arie is crying. AJ is shopping.
He moves across the floor and the stops, opening the side door, entering into the garage, moving in-between an aisle of air.
The six-door garage space contains a row of personal vehicles including a silver tinted pickup truck that belongs to Arie; a dark blue tinted pickup truck which is owned by AJ, a white tinted pickup truck for Breck; a red tinted Chevy Camaro that belongs to Flamingo, and then a row of motorcycles, including Cinco’s blue tinted motorcycle.
Breck stops and then stands in front of his red tinted pickup truck, grabbing the smooth door handle, shaking a skull with a whisper. “No. I should take one of the motorcycles to the horse meadows. It will then become more faster and more funner. Yeah!” He back steps with a smile and then scoots around the front bumper his truck, passing the sports car that belonged to Flamingo, moving down the row of motorcycles and then halts with a gasp. “Where’s the cycle? One. Two. Three. Four. The row always contains five motorcycles to travel for fun when not studying for school or working in the fields or the house. Where’s the fifth motorcycle?” He snaps the fingers with a gasp. “Flamingo! He left the house without Mama’s permission and my brotherly knowledge. I’m the first born triplet. He should inform me when he leaves the residence,” he turns with a sour frown and stares into the bright sunlight. “Where did Flamingo go? I betta go and tattle to Cinco. Cinco, he’ll know where flamingo is hiding…pouting…pissing his dick with sorry,” he spins around with a laugh and dashes out from the garage, moving through the house up the staircase.
At 09:09 am inside Pig Pen, Breck stops and stands in the open archway with a sour frown and a sneer, looking down at the blonde hair roots on Cinco. “Flamingo’s missing. A motorcycle is missing. He stole a motorcycle and left the house, without permission…”
Cinco continues to study the problem with a stern face. “He’s pissed off by our loving and caring mother. I’d do the same thing, Breck.”
Breck waves both arms in the air near his frown. “We must go and find Flamingo…”
“He’ll come home like a stray dog for food, Brick Brain.”
Breck continues to wave both arms near his frown. “We should go and find him right now, before Mama finds out that Flamingo is gone from his room and our Pig Pen and our house.”
Cinco continues to sit on top of his assigned chaise lounge and stares down at the unsolved and difficult word problem with a laugh. “Mama owns 6,400 square miles of land, Breck. That’s roughly ten miles of soil, dirt, rock, and water going from the north down towards south and then from the east towards the west which is roughly twenty miles on foot, on horse, on motorcycle,” he looks up with a wink. “So, you, go and find the missing Flamingo! And good luck, dude! Remember? Graduation day is next week,” laughing.
Breck points out the archway like he is showing the location of the garage. “One of the motorcycles is missing. It’s not yours.”
He exhales with a smile down at the problem. “The rest of row that contains four individual plain old motorcycles inside the garage is there for a fun adventure for a redneck, which can drive a cycle and go around the farm for fun. I know that. You know that. Flamingo knows that. You’re making a mountain outta of a smashed green pea,” he laughs while referencing Breck’s new cooking duty.
“Flamingo purposely took the motorcycle, so we would follow him.”
“Then, Flamingo wasn’t thinking right. I can’t follow him. If Flamingo has already left the house without me or you, then we can’t chase right behind his ass on a second motorcycle from the one that’s missing on the row.” He laughs, “O wait! Okay! You’re not thinking right, Brick Brain.”
“I need help to locate Flamingo.”
Cinco exhales, “Then, what, Breck? Flamingo was not in the good mood when he swiftly and quietly drove the motorcycle away from the house. I don’t think that he is in a good mood to be found either. He’ll come back on Sunday night unless Violet had accepted him into her home, which I seriously doubt. AJ said that Jeranda is talking to every Tom, Dick, Harry, mama, daddy, grandmother, cousin, and all the other persons that live here in Lacy Springs, so Violet or her parents will not house a…” he exhales. “Whatever! Flamingo is living out in the woodlands like a caveman. He’ll be dirty and smelly and shitty. He’ll come home on Sunday night for a bath or Monday morning for a shower as he has final examinations like me. You can yell at him then. But I warn ya! Flamingo will not be in a good mood for your sissy motherly lecture…”
“What about Mama?” Breck exhales. “She’s worried about Flamingo.”
“O really!” Cinco snorts. “Mama is inside her private bedroom for two and half days while crying and sobbing over that baby, not her son Flamingo. She would love it, if Flamingo came home and then bowed down and kissed her ass, saying he is the father…”
“Don’t talk nasty about our mama!”
“Then, you go and tell our mama to start acting like a mother, who bore and raised three sons. Jeranda is not our blood or our kin or our nothing to our family tree. She barges into our house unannounced. And I can talk two hours about that rude behavior coming from a southern belle, which our mama or our grandmother or my Babbie or your Cilla was never taught to do. Anyways, Jeranda picked this time, this day, this calendar year to cause trouble…”
“What do you mean, man?”
Cinco exhales with annoyance. “Breck, right now in time, these are the last two weeks of high school for Flamingo, me, and you. Then Flamingo graduates high school and starts college like me and you. How convenient timing! Jeranda shows up right before our high school graduation and then messes with Flamingo’s ego, his mind, and his bank account. This is some weird ass shit that makes me mad and pissed off. Jeranda knows what she’s doing here. And guess what? I can see right through her false and fake façade also. Flamingo can see right through her false and fake façade too. But you and mama can’t see through her fake and false dog and pony show with that baby.”
He frowns. “What do you mean, man?”
Cinco exhales with frustration. “Look! I’m only eighteen years old and young in the world of adults and deceit and treason. But Mama should know better. However, she only sees what she wants to see…”
He frowns. “I still don’t understand.”
“Geez! I can see clearly that I’m going to have to tell you the entire demon tale.” Cinco exhales with annoyance. “Let’s see! The baby is three months old. The baby would be born in the month of February. Where did Jeranda live during the month of December or January or February or March? What hospital did she have the baby in the month of February? Why didn’t she come to see Flamingo when the baby was three weeks old during the month of February? I know that a three-week-old baby can drive inside a car seat and travel some other place but home. However, Jeranda shows up two weeks before high school graduation. Everyone knows if you are not present for each academic finale examination, then you cannot graduation high school. Period!”
He nods with a grin. “I know that.”
Cinco nods with a stern face. “I know that. Jeranda knows that too. So, she comes here and then announces that Flamingo is the father of her child. Think, Breck! Or act, Breck! How would you feel, if she told that you were the father of the baby?”
He laughs. “I’m not.”
“Geez, Breck! Take off your cowboy boots and place your naked stinky feet into Flamingo’s flip-flops for two fucking seconds!”
He hisses. “My naked feet don’t stink!”
Cinco exhales with annoyance. “None of our feet stink, Breck! A set of stinky feet is an inherited gene coming from a mommy or a daddy. Did you not pay attention during science class this year? Whatever! Back to Flamingo and Jeranda!  How would you feel, if she told you were the father of the baby?”
“Shitty. Scared. Mad. Angry. Upset…”
Cinco nods with a stern face. “Yeah, you would experience a lot of different and mixed emotions as a young innocent eighteen-year-old man-boy. The US State of Alabama doesn’t recognize adulthood until the age of nineteen. The mathematical teenly principle doesn’t recognize a male until the age of twenty. Hell, dude! We can’t buy a carton of cigarettes or a case of beer until the age of twenty-one. Now, Flamingo is full of rage and hate and worry and angry at Jeranda. Wonder if he doesn’t show up for school on Monday morning and the rest of the week and then he misses his first final examination in AP class?”
Breck laughs. “Flamingo would never do that.”
“O really! Where is Flamingo located right now?”
Breck laughs again. “I told ya. Flamingo ran away from home like a five-year-old child to piss and pee on top of the woodland flowers, since he can’t do that here inside our loving and caring and clean homestead, because Mama would beat his butt-hole.”
Cinco exhales with frustration. “I’m warning you here that Flamingo is upset. Mama is upset. And Mama and Flamingo had engaged in one nasty and vile verbal cat fight a few minutes ago. And I feel that there could be more verbal fights before our graduation night.”
“Flamingo is spoiling the graduation party.”
Cinco sneers. “Well, Jeranda is not invited to our graduation party. Period!”
Breck smiles. “That’s not your final decision, Cinco. This is Mama’s house. This is her party for us.”
Cinco tosses both arms into the air with a smile, “Touché! You finally got it, Breck.”
He reaches up and scratches the blonde tinted whiskers with puzzlement, “Got what! What did I get? I don’t get it, man.”
Cinco slaps the wall with a loud boom and a stern face. “This is Mama’s house. Mama has always set the rules and we have always obeyed them. Now, there is a new situation within Mama’s house that does not fit into her set of old motherly rules, an illegitimate baby. What is Mama supposed to do now?”
Silence invades the room.
Cinco tosses both arms the air with a smile and a laugh, “Touché, Brick Brain!”
He frowns. “What does that mean, Cinco?”
Cinco exhales. “Mama has created a new rule like she has always done for us, since we started walking around and biting the furniture legs. She decided that Flamingo is the father and the baby is her grandson. Now, Jeranda and the baby will live with us here at the manor.”
He frowns. “No. I don’t believe that. Jeranda is living in her own house on the edge of our property.”
Cinco slaps the wall with a loud boom and a smile, “Touché, Brick Brain!”
He frowns. “Why do you keep saying that word, touché?”
Cinco laughs with a nod, “Because, you keep hitting the mark, Brick Brain. Jeranda showed up with a baby that belonged to Flamingo. Then Mama caved in and gave Jeranda a nice free house full of nice free furniture pieces and nice free cleaning supplies within an hour or sixty minutes or three thousand six hour seconds of her arrival at the front door of our home on Friday afternoon. Now, Jeranda thought our mama had some kind of motherly bitching influence or power over her three biological cute-ass sons. But, well, hell, naw! Each one of us is smart, independent, and thinks, without Mama’s input. Now, Flamingo, he’s showing off that streak of independence which comes from our daddy by running away from both Mama and Jeranda while Mama is still crying inside her private bedroom behind closed doors, because our brother Flamingo will not obey her new stupid motherly rule. So, Jeranda is half-way there.”
Breck frowns at his brother Cinco. “What does your phase ‘halfway there’ mean?”
Cinco laughs with a nod. “Jeranda, apparently, does not possess a working job that collects working monies. She’s eighteen years old also. She went to school with us at Lacy High last year as a junior high school student. She has a baby but she doesn’t have a set of working or streaming revenue income dollars to pay for the cans of baby formula. But, how convenience, here! Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth is rich like his two brothers and his mama and his grandmother. I don’t think many folks know how much rich, rich in dollars each one of us is. Jeranda is not working or does not have a steady income, so a daddy-baby Flamingo would be a grand prize for her and her non-working family members.”
“That’s a given like in geometry, Cinco,” Breck smiles. “If the baby belongs to Flamingo, he has to pay child support as set by the rule from the Justice Department within the US Federal Government. Well, Mama will do that for her whining and annoying Middle Child, since she has lots of money to burn for fun or not. I don’t think any one of your legal or social or money arguments carries any weight with our loving mama or a local judge or a smart ass lawyer here. Flamingo loses either way,” he laughs.
Cinco hisses. “I can’t believe you just say that out loud after thinking that out loud first Flamingo is our brother, first. We are brothers, first, Breck. We are family, first, Breck. Where is your family duty to our brother Flamingo?”
Breck exhales. “Flamingo fucked up, first. I can’t judge or defend Flamingo, but I do know and learn that it takes 'two to tango' as the music plays and they say. He and she must work something out about their baby. His problem does not involve me or you. So, why are you the one so upset and pissed off, Cinco? It ain’t your baby either.”
He exhales. “The issue involves Mama, which is my issue, too. And my fine point, as long as, Flamingo denies that baby ownership, Jeranda cannot collect a child support monetary check. And if she can’t get child support, right now, this week, then she will keep badgering Flamingo through our mama, until our mama gives in. Money makes the world go around and around…”
Breck smiles, “Berrington!”
Cinco hisses. “Stop with your silly fictional characters and their stupid sayings! This is real life, Breck. If Flamingo is forced to become a father, then his entire future is tossed away like a dying dog.”
He shakes his skull with a stern face. “No. Flamingo can attend college and become a medical physician. Nothing is stopping or stomping on the dreams of Flamingo, but Flamingo’s super-inflated smart ass ego. So what, if he’s the real father of the kid? Flamingo doesn’t have to live in the same house with mother Jeranda and he doesn’t have to see the kid ever.”
“Violet might feel differently about the baby-father announcement and that convenient arrangement.”
Breck smiles, “Naw! Violet’s cool. She’s an understanding girl. Look! Accidents happen. And the accident happened to Flamingo, not me. Flamingo, he’ll be fine and dandy. He’ll graduate high school and then college, and finally medical school. Then he and Violet will get married like planned with a fairy tale ending. Everybody will be happy, including Mama.”
“No. Flamingo is going to resist and scream like a sissy girl each and every step while Mama is going to cry and sob for the final resolution, a grandson with blonde hair and blue eyeballs. And you are going to whine, like always,” laughing.
“I don’t.”
“…like now,” Cinco laughs.
Breck jabs a finger at his brother with a stern face. “What are you going to be doing for Flamingo, then, Cinco?”
Cinco slaps a chest with a nod and a smile. “I’m going to march in front of Flamingo tossing everybody off the roadway like a good brother. Jeranda is not giving up a very large monetary child support check for her new lifestyle, especially, if Flamingo denies the child is his and refuses to take a DNA paternity test. Without the blood test of his blood, Flamingo will be declared the father without a jury trial, which is the new demon ending for all of us.”
“Why, Cinco?”
“Because, the judge will rule…”
Breck exhales. “No. I meant to say. Why doesn’t Flamingo just take the DNA paternity test? The truth answer will address each issue with the upmost clarify.”
“Why should he take that paternity test, Breck? He said that he’s not the father. So, Mama should have believed her son and then kicked Jeranda out the door with her boot toe, instead of embracing a lie…”
Breck huffs. “Maybe, Jeranda is telling all of us the truth. What happens then?”
Cinco frowns. “Well, if she is telling all of us the truth, then Flamingo’s life with Violet is done and over and burnt down into piles of gray tinted ashes. Violet will never marry Flamingo with a baby hanging around one of his boot heels. She wants her own family which is not sharing with Jeranda. Flamingo will become devastated with sadness and depression and grieve of losing his girl. Won’t you, Brick Brain?”
He frowns and then exhales with a deep sigh. “Yeah!”
“So, Flamingo will not become a medical physician. He might just fade into the woodwork without seeing his child or the mother of the child. No single or married female will date him. No single or married female will marry him either. Flamingo will live the rest of his life here with Mama and AJ, until Mama dies out from old age.”
Breck winks with a smile. “Cinco, you got a wicked and vivid imagination. You need to start writing teen fiction books. You’re become a billionaire by the end of the calendar year,” he laughs.
Cinco snarls, “Shut up, Brick Brain! This is her strategy. And her strategy is rolling very good. And it might work to her advantage and Flamingo’s disadvantage. It works on stupid you and Mama.”
Breck sneers. “Did you call our mama, stupid?”
Cinco points at his brother with a laugh. “No. I called you, stupid, Brick Brain.”
He frowns and then slaps a chest with a laugh. “Well then, I know how to resolve the delicate baby issue which doesn’t even include Flamingo.”
Cinco looks down with a puzzled brow at the textbook then the wall, and finally back to see Breck, “Really! I’m clueless. You can resolve this delicate baby issue, Breck. How can you resolve this delicate baby issue? I haven’t figured a way out for Flamingo.”
Breck slaps a chest again with a smile. “Me!”
Cinco frowns. “Me! What is, me?”
He nods with a grin. “I can provide a sample of my personal tongue spit or my personal dick sperm or my personal blood protein. We, three are triplets coming from the same zygote. We, three are brothers. What’s mine is Flamingo’s too!” Breck nods with loud laughter.
Cinco swiftly slides off the chaise lounge with a hiss as the textbook, the paper notebook, and the ink pen fall down over the soft floor. He swiftly dashes ahead with a sneer and slams into the chest of Breck with a roar of fury. Breck tumbles backward with a gasp and misses the soft edge of the chaise lounge, slapping into the solid wall of hard plaster with a low grunt.
Cinco stands in place and jabs a finger at grounded Breck with a sneer. “If you truly provide your tongue spit or your dick sperm or your fucking blood protein, which is like mine and Flamingo’s, then I’ll rip off both of your legs from each hip bone. You won’t play every kick a football and you won’t walk every again, without a wheelchair. Yeah, you’re right, Brick Brain. We, three are brothers. We, three are triplets coming from the same zygote just like Flamingo has always said, since he was nine years old.  And we, three protect each other, even if it means that I beat the shit outta your body first to save Flamingo’s ego and his heart second. Do you get me, boy?”
Breck exhales with a set of heavy breaths without standing upright.
Cinco has always expressed a redneck attitude and a bad ass personality, mostly on the football field and around his foes, which always ended up inside the emergency room with massive injuries that did not require an operational medical surgery. Now, baby triplet brother Cinco has threatened to hospitalize his own brother first born Breck over a stupid baby.
Cinco spins around with a sneer, moves ahead, and stops gathering up his emotions back into a bundle of numbness along with the grounded school supplies on the floor. He slides back down into the ratty lounge chaise and rearranges the school supplies, drawing back to studying the problems with a stern face. He does not speak a word or sound with a grunt back to Breck.
Breck slowly stands upright from the soft foam floor with a low grunt feeling a small ache on the back spine. He will exhibit a colorful and painful bruise on one of shoulder blades tomorrow. He reaches down and wipes off the pretend dust while staring with a sour frown down at the blonde hair roots of Cinco. Breck is not going to instigate a brotherly fist fight, since Breck will lose against tough ass Cinco.
He slowly moves ahead and then turns to face the open archway, strolling out from Pig Pen, moving back into the kitchen. He is going to experiment with more new cooking recipes leaving each plate of cold food out for the consumption from Cinco or AJ.
Breck doesn’t feel like associating with his family members for the rest of the day. And he doesn’t have a set of academic textbooks to study for a set of final examination, since he has maintained the letter grade of A and then has been exempted from each final test on the last week of school. He can’t call his girl Cilla or see his two best friends Doyle and Yancy, who are studying for their final examinations in order to graduate from high school.
Breck stops and stands in front of the clean stove oven, reaching out and grabs, placing the blue tinted sissy apron around his waistline with a smile.
At 06:06 pm in the warm temperatures with dull sunlight of sunset inside Pig Pen, Breck had finished preparing the evening meal without the attendance of his mother Arie and his brother Flamingo, only AJ and his brother Cinco. Then he cleaned the breakfast table, the kitchen counters, the dirty pots and pans, and finally filled up the dishwasher interior with a set of dirty dishes and utensils, removing the sissy blue tinted apron and hung it on the stove rack. He slowly strolled upstairs with a stern face and then entered the Pig Pen space.
Cinco remains on top of his assigned chaise lounge chair studying for each academic test in silence.
Flamingo is not located inside Pig Pen either but inside his bedroom studying for his school tests.
Breck shuffles ahead and then stops, standing in front of the desktop computer, sliding down in the rolling chair, typing on the keyboard. He had been researching numerous paternity cases and all the new information regarding a paternity DNA testing for a confused and angry biological father.
Cinco looks up with a worried brow and stares at the nose profile on Breck. “What kind of fun teen life will Flamingo have as a new father with a new baby, now, Breck?”
Breck stares at the monitor with a worried brow after reading numerous paternity cases with a set of lousy outcomes. “None!”
Cinco stares down with a confused brow at the open page in the biology textbook. He’s trying to study for each final examination at school, which is requirement to take and pass with the letter grade of D. He has been assured by Principle Marshall through his mother Arie that Cinco will graduate from high school on the eighteenth of May. He frowns. “How expensive is raising a baby into manhood in the world, Breck?”
Breck continues to study each electronic page inside the new legal law textbook that he had purchased through the internet. He plans to become a lawyer, after graduating law school. He flips the page and continues to scan the information about paternity cases for new father Flamingo, “Lots.”
“Can Flamingo share custody with the baby? What does the legal law book say?”
“Yes.”
“Is Flamingo going to marry that cunt?”
“Never.”
“Is Flamingo going to grow up resenting that kid?”
“Yeah.”
“Is the kid going to resent or reject or refuse the love from Flamingo, if he ain’t a good and present father?”
“Yes.”
Cinco lowers the head and covers the face with both palms while feeling depressed for his brother Flamingo and his family members with the unexpected discovery of a baby boy. “Yeah, I feel sad and depressed for Flamingo.”
He grins into the computer monitor. “I think Flamingo should marry the girl. Then, we all can be happy again.”
Cinco sneers. “That’s not the correct solution to the shitty problem for Flamingo, Breck.”
He turns with a puzzled brow and a heavy heart to see Cinco. “Look! I don’t know what the correct answer or situation or thing is. But, I do know this. A father is a significant figure within a child’s life, especially a boy. A boy wants his father. We all lost our daddy at the age of two.”
“Wait!” Cinco exhales with a sigh. “What the fuck is this? You think. I can’t believe this. You think that our brother Flamingo should marry that cunt whore and become a father, because that kid will be fatherless for the rest of his life.”
He nods with a stern face. “Yeah, I do, Cinco. Look at our mama! Mama loves that little baby. The baby looks just like Flamingo, me, and you with curls of blonde colored hair and a pair of big blue eyeballs. That kid belongs to Flamingo. Period! The end! The book is slammed down shut.”
Cinco jabs a finger with a sneer at Breck. “Fuck you and your dickhead neurons, Brick Brain! I am so glad and very relieved that you are not or will not or never will become the hired attorney on this precious and serious and dangerous custody child paternity case for Flamingo. Because, Flamingo would lose and then wear a shotgun hat, during his quickie wedding ceremony, inside the entrance hall of our house. I believe Flamingo. Flamingo said, says, and continues to shout out loud that kid is not his son. Period! The end! The burnt and battered and beaten shitty ratty book is slammed down shut.”
Breck exhales with a sigh. “There is an emotional need for a boy which is not satisfied by only the mother’s involvement in the kid’s life. I miss my daddy.”
He exhales with a nod. “I miss my daddy, too, Breck. But, my mama did a gawd damn great job as both the mommy and the daddy for me, you, and Flamingo. If anything, Cunt-face Jeranda should see and learn that a strong woman doesn’t need a man…”
“…only the money, honey.” Breck exhales. “That’s the true reason for this baby boy custody case with Flamingo. Hell! We should give her lots of cash money right now. Then, she’ll disappear from our lives, well, Flamingo’s life.”
“I vote for that disappearance with a death threat or a death stroke, not a damn bank account number,” he nods with a grin. “How would you feel about being a father, without your knowledge?”
“I would feel both trapped and entrapped.”
“Me, three!”
Breck looks out the archway into the empty hallway. “Where’s Flamingo at?”
“Inside his bathroom, vomiting up filled contents from an empty stomach with nerves and worry. I would be worried about my new future now also.”
Breck views the computer monitor with a stern face while searching for more information. “O! I will not perturb him, right now,” he continues to type on the keyboard and stares at the computer monitor.
Cinco returns back to the study problem inside the textbook in silence, with a worried brow and a heavy heart for his brother Flamingo, but his active mind must concentrate on the set of final academic examinations for next week at school.



Monday May 4th


Hot temperatures with parted clouds of bright sunlight
Lacy Spring High School location
Student parking lot setting
7:25 am


Lacy Springs is a small crop farm and cow town in the northeastern portion of Alabama with a sweet population of 6,068 folks. The elementary and middle school buildings are located across the high school football stadium that teaches the children starting at the age of three years old in the pre-kindergarten class up towards fourteen years old at the eighth grade level. The two schools compose seven percent of the total population within the lower grade levels of 350 kids. The high school holds 172 teenagers with an average of 43 students per grade, mostly rednecks, jocks, southern belles, and eggheads.
Inside the student parking lot, a red tinted Chevy Camaro sits alone in the front row, holding a driver. Flamingo continues to stare down into the textbook reviewing each problem, wearing a new gray tinted T-shirt with black colored vile word, a pair of green, white, and tan colored camouflage cargo pants, and the pair of nasty brown colored flip flops.
He had snuck back into his house at five in the morning, showering a dirty body, eating plates of cold food, and grabbing his personal backpack of textbooks, and finally left his house. He had driven into the high school student parking lot and parked making out with his textbooks underneath the overhead row of bright flood light plus the interior cabin light inside his car. Flamingo had not desired to awaken any of his family members or engage in a verbal argument, this morning.
Slowly, the student parking lot fills with numerous cars and roaming students. Each high school student sounds with a laugh or a giggle while chatting and strolling around each car or stationary body, moving toward another friend or the set of metal doors into the school building.
Flamingo continues to sit and study inside the car. And he doesn’t want to talk with any of his high school friends either. Most likely, the gossip about Flamingo’s baby and mother Jeranda has gotten around the town and inside the eardrums of his friends. Thus, Flamingo desires to study for the upcoming academic examinations, pass all the written tests, and finally attend his graduation night. Then, his high school days will be done and gone. He will be moving onto the next planned phase of his life.
On top of the parking lot pavement, seventeen years old, senior classmate, and childhood friend Brett possesses a head of brown colored hair, a face of red tinted whiskers, a tone of pale tinted skin, and a pair of brown eyeballs and displays a tall and muscular body, wearing a blue tinted short-sleeved T-shirt, without the vile words, a pair of ripped and faded blue jeans, and a pair of polished green and purple cowboy boots. He stops and stands beside the driver’s door, gently pounding on the window with a stern face.
Inside the car, Flamingo looks up with a stern face to see the window and then nods, sliding the books back down into the backpack. He opens the door and then scoots out from the seat with a sigh of a new day of both pain and prayer, facing the array of high school turds, rednecks, friends, and finally Violet.
Flamingo had arrived at six am, before the school time, studying with the croaking frogs and the singing insects in the early morning hours.
Now, both Brett and Flamingo slowly strut over the walkway toward the school building.
Brett leans over and sniffs the air molecules, staring at the nose profile on Flamingo, “Are you dead?"
Flamingo actually chuckles with the amusing question. "Naw!"
Brett frowns. "Well, damn, you stink!"
He smiles. "The horses stink. The air molecules stink. My body just surrounds them."
Brett exhales with worry, "I heard the bad news. I guess everyone has heard the bad news too.” Brett frowns down at the vanilla colored walkway, then up at the blue sky and then ahead at the tan colored bricked school building without viewing his friend Flamingo. “If it wasn’t this, it’d be something else, Flamingo. Life is like that full of surprises. Some good, some bad, some big, some tiny, some…”
Flamingo exhales with annoyance and stares at the back spine on each student, scooting around the slowly student bodies, moving toward the archway within the high school building. “I’m not surprised. And I’m not the father of the baby.”
“And your life will go on and the sun will rise and the moon will fall today, tomorrow, the next day after tomorrow, and the next day after that. By the time that kid is the age of five, you’ll be twenty-three years old. Man, that’s old and a long, long ways away from eighteen years old, now, today.”
Flamingo enters through the entrance archway with a sour frown. “Shut up, Brett!”
Brett follows beside the nose profile of Flamingo. “Once the kid can walk, talk, burp, and shit, you won’t be needed anymore as the doling daddy. Then, you can marry Violet and become a doctor.”
Flamingo moves down the crowded hallway with a sour frown. “I’m not the father of the baby.”
He laughs. “That’s not what Fosston told me. Do you know Fosston? He lives in the regular classroom with me, but he plays basketball, not football with us. Fosston is really tall and really skinny with really dark skin. Fosston told me about your baby at the gas station near the Lo-Mart department store.”
“Yeah, I know Fosston, Brett.”
“I can’t believe this. You are a newish dad. I can’t believe that you are a newish dad.”
Flamingo slowly moves down the hallway with the other students with a sour frown. “Shut up, Brett!”
“You have no idea how much you have to structure your life around meeting your own needs until you become a newish dad, Flamingo.”
Flamingo frowns. “How in the hell do you know so much about baby shit, man?”
He smiles. “When my mama found out that you were a newish dad, she told me all about that baby shit, so it wouldn’t have to me. And she told me to tell you this shit, too, Flamingo.”
Flamingo nods. “Your mama is a nice and wise woman.”
He nods. “Yeah, my mama is the greatest. I love my mama. She said for me to tell you this shit. A fucking ass baby has no interest in or an awareness of your shitty dickhead needs, Flamingo.”
Flamingo laughs. “I bet your mama didn’t use that string of exact words.”
“Naw! I’m improvising her set of words. And a fucking ass baby is like a chronic stomach ache, after drinking a mug of sour beer. On a daily basis, you have no idea how much having a stomach ache that affects your fucking newish daddy life, until you can’t eat food or shit out food or bend over with hungry pains from the lack of fucking food intake. So, a fucking ass baby is like a shitty stomach ache. And you will have a shitty stomach ache for a long, long, long, long, long, long…
“Yeah, I get it, Brett,” Flamingo frowns.
“A long time, until the shitty ass stomach ache finally goes away, is kinda like your funeral day of your death day.”
Flamingo exhales. “You really know all of about baby shit, Brett.”
He laughs with a smile. “Thanks.” Brett looks over with a smile to see the nose profile of Flamingo. “A child is one of life’s most rewarding experiences that come from Almighty God. Did you know that, Flamingo?”
“Yeah, I know that, Brett.”
“This entire fatherly experience might free up your personal evil ways, where you will find true bliss and happiness in life more than you can ever image right now, Flamingo,” Brett stops and stands beside his classroom with a smile.
Flamingo moves ahead toward his AP classroom with a sour frown. “Shut up, Brett!”
He shouts out loud with a hand wave. “Good luck with your life, Flamingo! I’m heading into classroom now. I might not, never be seeing you ever, again, since I’m not a father, yet. Me and Fannie got plans, but in the far, far future.”
At the open archway in front of the AP classroom, Principle Marshall sits against the vanilla painted side wall and nods with a smile to each student, carefully watching the busy crowd. Flamingo approaches his classroom. Marshall scoots sideways and blocks the open archway with a stern face. "Tomorrow, I want to see that ratty fuss on your face gone, Flamingo!"
Flamingo halts with a gasp and reaches up, rubbing his scruffy jaw line with four days of blonde tinted facial hair. "I do not seem to recall any statement about appropriate body odor or facial shave inside the Lacy Springs High School student handbook, Principle Marshall."
He sneers at Flamingo. "I am changing the student handbook immediately which will be effective tomorrow morning regarding a proper un-smelly body odor and a clean shaven face and each proper male and female hygiene. I am telling you, right now, right here, before something terrible happens in the morning, Flamingo."
Flamingo gasps in shock. "Is that a direct threat regarding my senior high grades or graduation, Principle Marshall?"
Marshall slide to the opposite side wall and sneers at Flamingo. "You can take my new command as you feel, Flamingo." He moves ahead and then stops, standing in front of another high school teacher. Flamingo continues to stand in fury allowing the other AP student to stroll ahead of his person.
In the middle of the hallway, the female leans over and shouts out loud within the empty hallway on purpose. "I heard the rumors. Are they true, Principle Marshall?"
"Well, I guess so."
She nods with a sour frown, "Well, I know so. And there is going to be a judgment coming down on the head of Flamingo.
Marshall laughs. "Well, I doubt." 
She frowns. "Why?'
He nods. "Flamingo will pay off the judge, the jury members, the two lawyers, and the new mother of his child."
She nods. "The rich always rule.
Marshall frowns. "The rich always win." They move together back down the long hallway towards the school office while still chatting about Flamingo.
The school bell rings for the beginning of the first period class course.


First period hour
AP Chemistry classroom location
Student desk setting with Flamingo
8:01 am


Flamingo swiftly struts through the archway toward a brightly mint green colored painted classroom, gliding through the open archway with a stern face and a heavy heart. He has already tangled with the principle and then has overheard the nasty remark about his rich mother and his teenager like as a newbie biological father.
He whispers for his eardrums only. "I am not that kid's father."
So, this morning, Flamingo will confront each curious student in his shared AP class today for the first time, since the hot gossip of an illegitimate biological baby that does not belong to Flamingo has been circulating up and down the school hallway.
His friend and senior classmate, tall and muscular, eighteen years old Retta Jean measures six feet in height like her two parents, wearing a drooped dark brown tinted ponytail that slaps her back spine and a tone of dark tinted skin coming from working too much outside the hot sun. The skin on her face, both naked arms, and lower legs is patched with an array of raw and red tinted diagonal wound cuts from a few biting horses, a flock of fighting chickens, and a couple of scratching cats while she assists her father in doctoring the farm animals on the McCory Cow Ranch. She wears a faded and patched wore pair of overall blue jeans underneath a clean sleeveless white tinted tee shirt, a pair of worn and unpolished brown tinted cowgirl boots.
Retta Jean possesses a Capricorn personality consisting of hard work, high ambition, and a key determination to get there first, since her Capricorn life is one big piece of pecan pie for a star kid. A Capricorn individual easily adapts to their social environment by adopting a business-like approach to everything they do, hence Retta Jean’s nose-to-nose running for the first place valedictorian spot which Flamingo will gladly concede, if she wins the spot with a set of superior school grades over his academic grades.
A Capricorn person takes a practical approach about things one step at a time, realistic, pragmatic, and dedicated to their goal which is symbolized by the goat, but Retta Jean is more like a farm mule with her stubborn determination and domineering even egotistical personality as she heads to the top of the mountain like a real goat for fresh air.
Her ancient and ratty black tinted backpack sits on the floor beside her desk. She stands in front of the first row of student chairs which is her assigned seat and smirks at the nose profile of Flamingo. “Has the baby kidnapped your heart, yet, Flamingo?”
Flamingo stops with a gasp and then smiles at her, “Naw!”
She grins. “I have four other brothers and sisters. Times are hard, but times are fun with some many siblings. How do you feel about the baby?”
Flamingo gasps. “You…you are the only person to even ask me that personal selfish question.”
She tilts a chin with a laugh. “I’m truly a sensitive woman, Flamingo.” They both laugh. She smiles. “I know a set of parents that travel with their kid everywhere. Their life continues like before. They just drag the kid everywhere and the kid seems happy. Yeah, a baby fundamentally changes the boy-girl relationship and makes the parents focus on the baby’s life more. But a boy-girl couple can still have a love or lovely relationship with an additionally rug rat on top of the carpet. Don’t let the kid kidnap your mind, only your heart, Flamingo!” She winks at him and then slides down into her chair, staring down at the open textbook, studying for her examinations also.
Flamingo moves ahead with a smile and a nod while whispering for his eardrums only. “Retta Jean hit the baseball outta the baseball park. Nothing could have prepared me for this bad or unlucky or stupid situation. So, I’m just going to roll with the punches and the ocean waves and the fluffy sky clouds right into the eyeball of the storm, where it’s calm and quiet,” he stops and stands at the first chair on the front row near the windows on the side wall.
The AP room is rectangular in shape with yellow painted walls. Each wall is bare yellow paint without all the colorful posters and silly quotes from a set of famous authors. The real knowledge comes from the neurons, not the wall plaster.
The forward wall contains a dry board for writing or pondering long mathematical problems in a variety of colored dry markers. The rear wall contains student lockers. One side wall holds the entrance door and a row of student desks without a wall decoration. The other side wall displays a row of windows and a set of sliding doors that exit into the manicured grass.
Inside the AP classroom, on the first row, Flamingo reaches down and grabs onto the object, lifting up the wooden chair in a backwards pose, slamming the wood against the four-legged, three-foot long matching wooden writing table for his personal sitting position. He parks the backpack inside the chair emptying out his collection of school textbooks and homework notebooks on top of the empty hard table surface while selecting his chemistry book. He lifts up and then carries the remaining AP textbooks and notebooks between his biceps, twisting a body to face the rear wall of student lockers, slowly moving ahead with a smile. He feels better inside the familiar room without the nagging personal issue at the forefront of his neurons.
Lacy Springs High School is blessed with a few wealthy school alumni, who enjoy giving their bank monies for a set of upgrades that results each year in additional new buildings, new textbooks, new social programs, and continuous improvements in the AP section of the school.
The AP students are separated from the regular high school graders within the tenth, eleventh, and twelfth with their own classrooms, bathrooms, laboratories, library, and lunch room for the genius eggheads, who invade from the northern part of Huntsville as a set of ejects from the gifted program in Madison County making the combined AP class total twenty-eight kids.
He stops and opens the locker, sitting the remaining books inside each shelf, swinging around, moving back toward his assigned seat, where he had selected the seat two years ago as a sophomore, once he had passed all the academic tests qualifying for the Advancement Placement classes. The AP classes will leap frog his body into Birmingham University as a sophomore college student, after he graduates one of twelve valedictorians at Lacy Spring High School. Flamingo will attend and hopefully attain a biology undergraduate degree, starting his academic pathway into Birmingham Statue University School of Medicine becoming a medical physician.
Inside the AP classroom, he slides down into the chair, wrapping a set of taunt biceps around the chair back, musically tapping on the closed textbook, waiting for the teacher and students to settle down into an individual chair and turns with a smile to see the windows.
Through the long row of windows, the sun brightly shines and provides extremely hot temperatures from sunup to sundown. The wall of windows also contains a set of sliding door that leads out into a yellow painted concrete patio that seriously clashes with the mint green painted interior walls. Flamingo snorts with amusement at the artificial objects but enjoys the natural landscape, seeing a grove of gently swaying tree limbs and greenery that eases his mind during the intense intellectual challenges of AP examinations and the baby issue.
In front of the forward wall inside the classroom with a white tinted dry board, a single office desk stands in the dark corner and away from the bright rays of sunshine, seating a single female.
An elderly female exhibits a bun of gray hair, a pair of eyeglasses, and a set of yellow stained teeth on a tall and slender body frame with a tone of pale tinted skin and a pair of old brown colored eyeballs. She wears a white tinted long-sleeved silk blouse with a loose cloth bow on the high collar, a long gray tinted skirt that touches the top of her feet, and a pair of low heels in the color of dull gray. She is the chemistry teacher, who is only called Miss X, which is a shortened last name of Xannto. She scoots out the chair with an empty surface, standing behind the deck with a smile specifically at Flamingo. “Good morning, geniuses! I am so sad to tell you this tidbit of information.”
Three row, second seat, the AP female student smiles with confusion. “You told us goodbye yesterday, Miss X.”
Miss X exhales with worry and shakes her gray bun side to side. “I am not talking about saying goodbye to each senior inside my chemistry AP class. I am talking about Flamingo becoming a new teen father at the age of teen years.”
Flamingo views the chemistry teacher with a stern face and a silent tongue as his active neurons click into overtime.
Miss X is an old fashioned spinster maid. Her only career path is a school teacher at Lacy Springs High School. And her only life pathway is living here within Lacy Springs, without a husband, a child, or any other existing family relatives. All her family members are deceased. And she is born in the month of November which is represented symbol, an image of the scorpion.
A Scorpio person is able to block out distractions and then concentrate and focus on the current issue like a bright flashlight beam. The person is curious and drawn into a mystery by thoroughly cross-examining and interrogating her victim with both intimidation and intuition. The Scorpio person is drawn toward the abnormal and likes to know what makes people and objects tick into life.
Thus, Miss Xannto seems to be exhibiting her abnormal Scorpio behavior within the last two weeks of class time and has selected her mysterious victim, Flamingo.
Inside the classroom, on the fourth row, the fourth chair, the fifteen years old male AP student laughs out loud with amusement. “He isn’t eighteen years old, yet. He turns eighteen in next month in June.”
Miss X gasps in alarm and stares at Flamingo. “O my goodness! Are you truly a new teenage father, Flamingo?”
Senior classmate, eighteen years old Retta Jean continues to sit in the first seat, first row with a sour frown at the teacher. “That’s not correct, Miss X. Flamingo’s birthday has already passed. He was born in the month of April like his triplet brothers, so he is eighteen years old, which is old enough to decide his own personal future.”
Miss X nods with a stern face to Flamingo and then the rest of the student faces. “Well, that is a mighty good relief for your mother, Flamingo. Now, for the social, financial, economic, emotional, and spiritual benefits for a new father which will benefit Flamingo…”
Fourteen years old female AP student sits inside the third row in third chair, wearing a sour frown. “I don’t wanna do anything to benefit Flamingo. Are we going to study for our AP chemistry test, Miss X?”
Miss X exhales with a smile, “Nonsense! I would like to hear from another brilliant and genius classmate that has experienced a newborn within their loving and caring family home environment. Maybe, one or more of your classmates has a newborn brother or sister, Flamingo.”
“Me!” The fifteen years old petite female is named Anoka and possesses a head of black hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of dark tinted skin, wiggling her hand near a smile. She wears a short red tinted shirt, a blue and pink sweater, and a pair of green colored sneakers. “I can provide my input that will benefit new father Flamingo. I have a new baby sister within my household.”
Flamingo continues to stare at Miss X with a stern face and a silent tongue but he has memorized all the personal traits of each AP classmate.
Anoka is born under the zodiac sign of Gemini. The astrological sign is symbolized by an image of twins, which means that a Gemini person acts like two separate individuals. So, a Gemini personality needs lots of fast-paced, intense, and pressured-filled environments to learn and challenge their smart intellect. A Gemini person does not enjoy a tedious, repetitive work task. The Gemini person is social friendly, engaging, optimistic, and full of energy, like Anoka.
Miss X motions with a hand and a smile to the female, “Very good! We have a new speaker. Come up here and stand in front of the dry board, Anoka. I and the other geniuses would enjoy hearing your baby tale,” giggling.
Anoka scoots from the chair with a smile and moves ahead, stopping and spins around to face her classmates while staring at Flamingo. “Geez, Flamingo! I never sleep anymore inside my own bedroom. You have not lived until you have heard a baby cry and cry and cry forever. You have no idea here. Sleep deprivation makes the rest of your dark and heated night go crazy, without the warm hand of nice guy,” she winks at Flaming. “Sometimes, I feel foggy, crazed, and incapable of a single coherent thought or a mathematical equation. You may have trouble with your smart brain memory also. So, can I skip all of my final examinations on the last day due to my new baby sister, Miss X?” She views the teacher with a smile.
Miss X gasps and then smirks at Anoka. “That was very clever, Anoka. Do you really have a newborn baby sister?”
Anoka yawns and then slaps a hand over the open mouth, “Yes, ma’am. I really do have a baby sister.”
Miss X nods with a fake smile at Anoka. “Children are truly a gift from Almighty God, but not from me! Please return back to your assigned seat, Anoka.”
Anoka moves ahead with a grin and a giggle. “Yes ma’am!” She slides back down into the seat and slaps both palms over the hard surface.
Miss X smiles with a nod. “Now, I and Flamingo would like to hear more intriguing baby stories. Please come on up and face the other students at any time!”
Eagan, fifteen years old male displays a short body frame with a head of shoulder length brown colored hair, a pair of green eyeballs, and a tone of pale tinted skin. He exhibits a black and white sweater that is paired with a set of tan colored walking shorts, and a pair of black sneakers.
He is born in the month of April, like Breck, and is represented by the ram. The ram personality is strong and strong-willed, vibrant, enthusiastic, and thrives in competition, like Breck, also. The Aries person is bold, brave, and impulsive with an outgoing nature.
Eagan stands upright from the chair and moves ahead, spinning around with a smile to face his classmates. He sways side to side with a grin. “Does everyone remember the sophomore high school experiment when each one of us was required to carry around a sack of flour in health class? The sack of flour represented a baby. Then each one of us was forced to tote around that heavy sack of flour like a new parent. Do ya remember? Our silly classmate Clontarf cut open his sack of real flour and made us all a pan of pancakes. Well, his girlfriend Hawley actually did the cooking inside the fake home environment class on top of the real working stove top. She’s a great cook. The pancakes were really good. I ate about six plates of food,” he reaches down and rubs his belly with a laugh. “Anyways, I learned a lot from toting around that sack of flour like a pretend baby. And this information is for Flamingo, a newish daddy. That baby is your life, now. You are the primary one like the father. That baby must be watched, carried, fed, changed, bathed, and everything twenty-four hours per day and night. Ya can’t run out to the store for a case of beer, because of the baby. You can’t run out and catch a new Hollywood movie, because of the baby. You cannot go hunting in the woods, because of the baby. So, that is your newish life as a newish daddy, Flamingo, old man.”
Flamingo nods in silence to his classmate Eagan.
Miss X frowns at the nose profile of Eagan. “Do you have a newborn within your household, Eagan? That was part of the speech requirement coming from me.”
“Yeah, I got a baby brother that’s three years old. So, I do speak from brotherly experience as an older sibling,” he moves ahead and scoots back down into the chair, slapping both hands over the desk surface with a smile.
Miss X nods with a smile, “Very good! Eagan has provided some interesting personal big brother observations. Who else would like to contribute some beneficial information regarding the new baby life for new father Flamingo?”
The sixteen years old female is named Lanxi and displays a body frame of average height and weight with a pair of hazel eyes, a tone of light colored skin, and a head of strawberry blonde colored hair. She is dressed in a black and white shorts, a pair long sleeved shirt in white tint that is tied in front of the waistline, and a pair of brown tinted ankle boots.
Lanxi is born in the month of May and under the sign of Taurus and the symbol of the bull. A Taurus person enjoys stability, works hard for each reward, such like, good grades, allowance monies, and a college education for their future. A Taurus person is determined, patient, honest, and methodical, an excellent team member and extremely dependable as a co-worker or a best friend or a biological parent. And a Taurus person possesses a clear, strong speaking voice also.
Lanxi scoots out the chair and dashes ahead to the front of the classroom, spinning around with a stern face, saying with a clear speaking voice to Flamingo while nodding. “I have a little baby that’s one years old. Get ready to change diapers, Flamingo. Get ready for the horrifying smell of a little tiny new life form, Flamingo. Get ready to change diapers within public eyeballs, too, Flamingo. Get ready to change about twenty dirty diapers per day and night, Flamingo. Get ready, Flamingo! When you place a new diaper on their clean naked tushie, the baby poops in it immediately, which stinks to the stars, Flamingo. Thank you, Miss X!” She dashes ahead with a grin and then slides back down into her chair, nodding with a giggle at the silly performance.
Miss X smiles, “Excellent report, Lanxi! Who else is intrigued and interested in sharing their personal home and social and emotional and mental experience with a baby sister or brother?”
The hand of Paarl lifts up and does not wiggle in the air, wearing a distorted face. Fourteen years old Paarl possesses a head of brown colored hair, a tone of pale skin, and a pair of blue eyes, wearing a pair of skinny jeans, a black colored short-sleeved blouse, and a pair of black tinted high heeled sandals. She is born in the month of June, is symbolized by the crab, and is represented by the zodiac sign of Cancer.
A Cancer person is the mother side of the zodiac stars, where Capricorn is the father figure. A Cancer person is nurturing to children and puppies and all other life forms. A Cancer person takes charge, provides great advice, very overprotective, handles responsibility with ease and used their imagination to solve problems.
Paarl slides out the seat and then strolls toward the front of the class, spinning around with a smile, speaking to each classmate. “I am not married and I am going to college next year. But my step-mother had a baby. And she complains all the time. Transporting the baby was easy inside her bloated stomach. Then, she developed back spine pain from carrying the baby around that body sling which went around her breasts and her waistline. She couldn’t wait to dump the baby down into a stroller, except for wrestling with the evil machine. Then, at the age of two years old, the toddler didn’t wanna ride inside the evil machine, anymore. He wanted to walk on top of the walkway like an adult. Then, at the age of three years old, he would drag his feet and didn’t wanna move from the stationary spot. Or if she let go of his tiny hand, he would run away and go into the street. So, enjoy your precious and very limited time when your newborn baby is snuggled up inside the baby carrier. The end!” She strolls back and slides down into her assigned chair with a smile.
Miss X nods with a smile. “Thank you so much, Paarl! Do we have any more speakers?”
The fourteen years old male stands upright from the chair without advancing toward the front of the classroom. His name is Grozny and possesses a head of shoulder length black colored hair, a jaw line of black colored whiskers, a tone of olive skin, and a pair of brown eyes, wearing a pair of white tinted jeans, a white and gray sweater, and a pair of white sneakers. He is born in the month of September with the zodiac sign of Libra which is symbolized by an image of a set of scales. A Libra person is beautiful, charming, gracious, and entertaining life form with a cooperative nature personality. The Libra person buzzes within the social environment at school or at home or at another place with numerous individuals.
Grozny lifts both arms into the air with a head nod and a smile. “Yo! I’m next. I’d like to provide some good old redneck advice to my best friend and equal classmate smart ass home-boy Flamingo as a newish father. Do not listen to the outrageous assholes that live here in Lacy Spring! You should buck the system like a bucking bronco and ride that wild steed into the sunset and then maintain your freedom, your redneck manners and do what works best for you and your penis. Yeehaw!” He pumps both arms with a pair of fists into the air with a grin.
Miss X frowns. “You are very lucky there are two more weeks of school left, Grozny. Or you would be speaking with Principal Marshall. Sit back down in your assigned writing desk, right now!”
Grozny nods with a laugh while sliding back down into the chair. “Shore, Miss X-ray.”
Miss X exhales with annoyance at the brilliant but silly student while scanning the room with a smile. “I didn’t know that some many of our geniuses had a baby genius at home. Now, who is the next speaker? Please do not be shy! Come up here and update Flamingo!”
Flamingo looks down with a stern face and studies the words and formulas inside the textbook in silence.
At 11:50 am in the hot temperatures with bright sunshine, the school bell rings and ends the last academic class for the morning hours, indicating the lunch meal period for each student.
Flamingo scoots out the chair with a stern face and then stands with a sigh, swiftly dashing ahead toward the archway first while desiring to leave the sucky environment for his hour-long lunch break and then stops at the metal door. He gently opens the door with a gasp and then smiles into the face of the stationary pretty girl.
Eighteen years old Violet wears a ruffled pink top with a set of thin spaghetti strings as the right one drips off the naked shoulder of her thin collar bone down to her right breast. Her pink blouse hangs even with her tenth rib that surrounds her rib cage and exposes her pink tinted skin. A pair of cut-off blue jeans covers her fanny way above her twin kneecaps which is tied with a thick satin pink ribbon that belt loops around the blue jean waistline on her left hip bone, exposing her leg skin leading down to her pink and white tinted cowgirl boots. Her set of manicured fingernails is painted in baby blue hue that matching her hidden toenails inside each boot.
Violet is born in the middle of September, making her astrological sign a Virgo. A Virgo person is the sexiest sign within all of the twelve Zodiacs. It is the only Zodiac sign represented by a female, who is a virgin.
A Virgo female is actually quite sexual and loves to please her male over and over again, but she is not a whore. A Virgo person plants their naked toes, or in this case, her cowgirl boots deep into the red clay soil, grounding both her mental thoughts and physical actions. Other people seek out her wise advice, because of her basic sensibility which works both her eyes and neurons with the “seeing is believing” concept for a Virgo. A Virgo adapts easily to change, and tends to be organized, intelligent, and helpful, rightfully nicknamed “a healer.”
So, the mythical Virgo Healer (Violet) had been wooed by the magnificent Taurus Lover (Flamingo) that had tried and then tested and finally paired both of them together as compatible couple on a physical, mental, and emotional level. And the combination of a Taurus and Virgo relationship provides duty, sensible, practical, strong, warmth, and everlasting happiness.
Flamingo recalls from his quirky astrological studies that the Virgo and Taurus couple starts out as a pair of good friends and then the couple blossoms into an old fashioned romance. And finally the favored Virgo-Taurus couple will experience a potent sexual relationship, which will happen after an obtained college education and then a legal marriage in church, since both of their astrological stars equally represent the “Earth” sign of two people who are instinctively understanding of one another within their old-fashioned love tradition plus tons of common sense.
Flamingo winks at his girl, scooting around her cute sexy body, spinning around, and then cuddles into her rib cage and her big breasts with a loud grunt of happiness. They slowly move down a crowded hallway towards the lunchroom for the mid-day meal with the rest of regular high school students. He does not feel like communicating with the AP kids today while needing support from his brothers and his girlfriend.
The hallway contains two walls and a ceiling of dull beige colored patient. The dull paint is covered by the two walls of double metal student lockers in the bright color of electric blue. Each student has exited from a classroom and shuffles toward their assigned locker, slamming a door open, crashing the books into the empty cell while readying for the mid-day meal also.
Inside the hallway, Violet continues to hug Flamingo and stares down at the visual change in floor materials with a heavy heart and a worried mind, saying with a soft whisper into the cheekbone of Flamingo. “I heard.”
She is born as a Virgo female, who loves to please her male. Within her limited life experiences at school and at church, Violet attracts the attention of other teen girls, who come and seek out her wise advice, because of her basic sensibility “seeing is believing” concept as a Virgo personality. She adapts easily to a new change and is organized, intelligent, and helpful, but this newest modified situation is very challenging for both her heart and her mind.
He glides them around pairs and groups of stationary laughing students with a deep sigh of worry and trouble. “I am not surprise.” Flamingo remembers that their love relationship has been tried and tested while passing each and every time. So he will default to the stars.
Violet and Flamingo both represent the astrological “Earth” sign, where the two different individual are instinctively understanding of one another creating an old-fashioned love relationship with tons of common sense.
She exhales. “Is it true?”
“No.”
She wipes the tears of worry. “But, around the town and inside each business store, she is calling her baby…”
“It is true that she has a baby, but it is not my child.”
She continues to hug Flamingo and wipes each rolling tear from a moist eyeball with worry. “That’s wonderful news! My…”
“My girl,” he leans down with a whisper and kisses her cheekbone, pulling back with a smile, scooting around each student inside crowded hallway toward the lunchroom.
The entrance archway on the lunchroom resides at the end of the long corridor facing a pretty lawn garden of rows of colorful flowers, low green tinted plant bushes, a grove of green tinted trees that leads into a field of plowed red tinted dirt.
Flamingo glides Violet toward the food ordering line and then stops beside her with a smile. His girl is happy again about the silly gossip coming from the lips of Jeranda.
Violet turns to view each steaming food tray behind the glass window at the food counter with a worried brow without selecting a hot entrée.
Flamingo points down to each food item and then receives a plate of good-smelling hot food. Violet slowly shuffles down the food counter and then picks out a garden salad with a heavy heart, moving with Flamingo toward the cash register.
They stop at the cash register. 
Flamingo pays for each meal as her boyfriend and then carries both of the food trays as her gentleman, leading Violet ahead and then selects a two-seater pub table inside the wall corner away from the crowded tables for a private conversation.
At the pub table, Violet slips on the tall stool with a fake smile and watches Flamingo sort the two different food trays. He sits on the stool, staring to consume the meal, chewing the food.
She lifts the fork and picks the salad, clearing a throat. “Well, the good news is good news. I am so happy. So, when did you submit for the DNA paternity test?”
He swallows the food with a smile. “I didn’t,” he bites into the food and then chews.
She exhales. “Well, when will you submit for the DNA paternity test?”
He swallows the food with a smile. “Never,” he bites into the food and then chews.
She bites down her bottom lip and continues to pick at the salad. “Well, then you will never know that you are the father?”
He swallows the food with a smile. “I ain’t,” he bites into the food and then chews.
“Didn’t you think that you should submit for a DNA paternity test?”
He swallows the food with a smile. “I didn’t,” he bites into the food and then chews.
“Didn’t you want to know the real father of the baby?”
He swallows the food with a smile. “Naw,” he bites into the food and then chews.
“Well, if you didn’t submit for a DNA paternity test to discounter you as the father, then without a doubt, the needs and the wants of your baby will come first, before us, now, Flamingo.”
Flamingo wipes his mouth and leans over with a smile and a whisper into her cheekbone, pulling back with a chuckle of love. “You come first for me, Violet.”
She exhales with worry. “Right now, we can’t do fun things that we used to do on impulse, since you must go and see the baby first, Flamingo.”
He swallows the food with a stern face. “I don’t wanna go and see the baby first,” he bites into the food and then chews.
“I’m not trying to be gloomy or doomy. But you must go and see the baby and then establish a father-son relationship with the child.”
He looks up with a stern face. “The baby is not my child, Violet.”
She nods with a fake smile. “I…I would feel better, if you would visit the baby. A baby is an amazing gift coming from Almighty God.”
He nods. “I know all that stuff, too, Violet. I go to church and I pray to Almighty God, Brother Jesus and the Holy Spirit. But that baby boy is not my child. I’m not the father of the child. Do you believe me, Violet?”
She fakes a smile. “Of course, I believe you, Flamingo.”
Violet frowns. “I think that you should be there for the child, Flamingo.”
“Naw!” He bites and chews the food.
She exhales with worry. “Okay! So, you should be prepared to wait for the child as the child grows up and needs his father.”
He swallows the food with a smile. “Naw,” he bites into the food and then chews.
She flings the fork near her worried brow. “The main issue here is that you have a different future now. You and the mother must work together and handle things together and out things out together like a family.”
Sixteen years old male is named Kerman, wearing a pair of skinny blue jeans, a blue T-shirt, and a pair of blue sneaker with a white backwards baseball cap. He appears and then stands behind Flamingo, reaching down, slapping the back spine of Flamingo with a laugh. Flamingo gags and then chokes on the food coughing up the abused particles onto his plate and the table. Kerman laughs, “Fucking flipping sea dolphins! I just heard the bad news. You’re a father, now, with a baby.”
“Naw,” Flamingo wipes the dirty mouth with a stern face.
Kerman laughs. “Yeah, you’re a new father.”
“That’s not right, Kerman. Ya go and tell what’s-her-ugly-face that same information from me, also.”
Kerman reaches down and then slaps the arm on Flamingo as Flamingo drops the fork with a sneer. Kerman smiles, “Shore enough, good buddy! I’m your man and I’m on your manly mission,” he back steps from Flamingo and then turns, dashing back to his table with a smile.
Flamingo turns with a sour frown and then stares at the wiggling butt-hole on Kerman. “I wished the group of caged and stupid monkeys would stop slamming their enclosed glass window with set of their shitty turds. Why do redneck teen males interfere within my shitty toilet when the events or the words or the actions do not affect their sorry-ass boring life?”
Violet picks at the salad, without eating a bite, wearing a worried brow and a heavy heart, staring at the nose profile of Flamingo. “I heard that a baby is very expensive to rise into adulthood.”
“I guess,” he looks down at the plate of food and starts to eat, chewing.
“But, the money is not important here. Time with a child is much more important with his father, taking your child on a fun picnic or tickling his naked belly button or doing other mushy stuff.
He swallows the food with a smile. “I guess,” he bites into the food and then chews.
The fifteen years old female wears a pair of pale skinny blue jeans, a pair of tan colored thigh high boots, a white sleeveless shirt, and a long white knit sweater, displaying a head of long blonde hair, a pair of green eyes, and a tone of pale skin on a tall and slender body. Elista appears and stands behind Flamingo tapping a manicured hand on the collar bone of Flamingo, leaning down into his cheekbone with a smile, “Hey, Flamingo! I heard about the baby gossip that’s going around town. And I guess that your probably got some type of mama-baby blackmailing scheme that’s going around your butt-hole.”
Flamingo laughs out loud and mouth spits the food particles over the plate and the table, nodding with a smile. “Ya got that right, Elista!” He spins around with a grin to see Elista.
She nods with a smile. “My mama, she’s a lawyer. My mama works at the same law firm, where your mama employs all her smart lawyers to guard all of her assets.”
Flamingo gasps, “Uh! How did you know that?”
She laughs with a grin. “O! How did you not know that, Flamingo? I’m only a junior here at Lacy Springs High, not a freed college student yet. My mama can represent your butt-hole in your court of law legal trial.”
He gasps. “What fucking court of legal law trial?”
She nods with a laugh. “O! You don’t seem to know that new information. When a biological father refuses to claim his own biological kid, then the biological father must go into a court room here at the local court house in front of a judge for a very short or a very long legal law trial. Then, the legal law judge decides, if you are the father or not.”
He sneers, “Fucking hell no!”
She exhales, “Fucking hell yeah! My mama told me all of that legal information, last night. I’m going to study and become a layer like my mama. So, do you want my mama as your lawyer?”
“Will your mama get me outta of this blackmailing scheme?”
She laughs, “Naw! My mama says that you’re a roasted duck with gravy and sweet potatoes. If you don’t claim the baby, then the judge will award the baby a father at one hundred percent at the court trial. So, you’re wasting your time with a jury trial and a trail lawyer.”
He sneers. “And you are wasting my time and sour breathing down on my food. Get away from me, Elista!”
Elista back steps with a smile and a wink to Flamingo. “See ya around, maybe, inside the court room, Flamingo,” she spins around with a grin and then dashes ahead with a girly laugh, moving back to her eating table.
Flamingo spins around and looks down with a worried brow at the half-eaten plate of food. “Geez! I wonder if my mama knows all of this new information also.”
Violet frowns and then smiles. “I don’t know. But, maybe, you should get a written agreement between you and the mother of the baby stating that you are not the father. Then, there won’t or can’t be a court of legal law trail.”
He leans over and kisses her lips, pulling back with a smile. “You’re a genius, Violet. Yeah, I just need a legal document that states: I am not the father. The end!”
She smiles with a nod. “Good!” She exhales with a giggle, “Very good! I feel so much better that you’ve figured out what to do about this delicate situation,” she looks down and stabs the fork into the salad, biting the food, chewing with a silly grin at Flamingo.
“Me, too!” He bites and chews the food with a silly grin.
The lunchroom is a rectangular-shaped room of dull white paint with scattered round-shaped eating table. Each table is filled with teens and their individual food tray. The entrance wall is one of the shorter lengths without decoration or objects. One side wall contains a long food counter which is covered by a long glass wall that offers a hot steamy entrée or a cold fresh sandwich or a hot pizza slices or a cool garden salad dishes as the food selection. At the end of the kitchen counter, a box-like beverage dispenser offers the student a soda can or milk carton or a juice box. On the last section of the counter, a dessert tray presents a stack of fresh pie slices, cupcakes, fruit bowls, and cookies.
The rear wall and the other side wall exhibits a long row of viewing glass windows displaying the flying birds, the white clouds, the blue sky, the grove of tall trees, and the manicured lawn of grass and flowers.
On the opposite side of the lunchroom away from Flamingo and Violet at one of the bigger eating tables, a group of teens sit and discuss Flamingo and his baby thread problem also.
Breck sits next to his girlfriend Cilla, who sits beside Babbie. Babbie eats her food without cuddling with her boyfriend Cinco.
Cinco seats beside his high school buddy Brett, who is next to his girlfriend Fannie. Fannie sits next to her friend Dvina. Dvina eats her food without hugging her boyfriend Louzon.
On the other side of Louzon, their friend Yancy sits next to class mate Florencia.
High school friend and senior classmate eighteen years old Yancy measures six feet plus in height with a muscular body in rich bronze, a pair of aqua eyeballs that displays a set of neon yellow tinted eyeglasses, a head of cropped short brown hair, and a jaw line of dusted brown tinted whiskers. He wears a dull green tinted and slightly ratty T-shirt with a set of white circles on the front. He greatly desires to exhibit a set of vile written words on his chest like his high school friend and buddy Flamingo, but he is not learning inside the AP classroom with Flamingo.
Today, within the school environment, each kid with a smart brain rules the school property and the admiration of the school teachers.
Yancy pairs the dull green shirt with a pair of regular blue jeans, and a pair of polished orange and brown cowboy boots. He was born on January 16th in the cusp of two horoscopes known as the “Cusp of Mystery and Imagination” in-between the calendar dates of January 16th through January 22nd. Yancy’s personality possesses the combined energies of capable Capricorn and quirky Aquarius, creating a highly unique life form with a vivid dreams and rich fantasies that need to be expressed creatively while making him very happy.
But the cusp person struggles to balance the two different sides of their extreme zodiac personalities also. The cusp person is loyal, funny, friendly, reserved, yet social, security-craving but independent, and traditional offbeat on his drum as the lone drummer. The cusp person loves to talk and entertain, engaging with intellectually stimulating conversations about strange topics.
The cusp person is hard working and possesses high standards for a success endeavor. 
Yancy swallows the food and then lifts and then wiggles both dirty hands in the air with a stunned face. “I can’t believe this. I can’t believe this. Flamingo is a newish dad. I can’t believe that. I can’t believe that Flamingo is a newish daddy.”
“Shut up, Yancy!” Cinco sneers at his high school friend, wearing a clean white tinted T-shirt, a pair of ripped and faded black tinted leather jeans, and his pair of polished ankle leather boots while leaving the black tinted leather motorcycle jacket inside his school locker.
His ringlets of blonde curls cascade down and cover both of his earlobes and parts of his throat and then slightly bounces across a set of broad shoulders. His hair parts perfectly down the middle of his skull exposing a naked forehead, displaying a pair of baby blue eyes, and a tone of bronze tinted skin. Cinco had arrived at 12:05 am right after the blonde fuzzy hair roots on Flamingo on April 20th under the zodiac sign of Taurus, the bull symbol.
However, both Flamingo and Cinco share the zodiac’s trait of physical pleasures and material goods in their exotic delicious excess.
Taurus-people enjoy their tactile contact of tender and sensual touching along with a comfort zone being surrounded by pleasing, soothing things. The Bull symbol represents both bull-headedness and stubbornness, but each Taurus person is very happy to plod along toward the finish line for the rewards of material possessions which is both flesh and steel.
Seventeen years old Babbie is the girlfriend first and the future wife later for Cinco. She exhibits a tall and slender body frame with a pair of long legs, a pair of green eyeballs, a tone of peachy-rose colored skin, and a set of scattered freckles over the nose bridge and the cheekbones, and a tone of red tinted lipstick on the lips. Her bobbed haircut glows in black hue tones and as she wears a tight-fitting black tinted pair of overalls, a pair of black colored high heeled sandals on her naked feet, a white short-sleeved shirt, and a set of orange tinted short finger nails and matching toenails.
Babbie was birthed on November 24th. She is born on the Cusp of Revolution that lies between the calendar dates of November 18th through November 24th which combines the two zodiac signs of a stinging Scorpio and a bold Sagittarius, creating a fearless girl that runs wild. And Babbie enjoys all her wild times with hot, cute, hunky permanent boyfriend and later future husband Cinco, making them the perfect teen couple at Lacy High School.
The Scorpio-Sagittarius person is so wild and free that the personality has a nickname, a Scorsagiun, who possess strength and rebellious energy, channeling their energy toward something productive. The Scorsagiun is not afraid to charge ahead, speak their minds freely, and pursue their passions. The Scorsagiun possesses an energetic, adventurous, powerful, accomplished, generous, passionate, and humorous personality, but is also secretive, selfish, rebellious, wild, aggressive, blunt, and misunderstood.
Babbie knows about her unique Scorsagiun cusp personality from silly but smart ass Flamingo, who used to secretly research each one of his potential fuck dates for a fun and pleasurable weekend rendezvous, before he captured the real virgin Violet, who happens to a Virgo personality as well.
Babbie swallows the food and then laughs at Yancy. “Where did you get that stupid term, newish, Yancy?”
Yancy swallows the food with a smile and a nod. “It’s the latest fade in baby language. Flamingo is a newish daddy.”
“There’s never a dull moment in my life with Yancy and his silly vocabulary words around my mid-day meal.” Louzon laughs with a grin and displays a tall and muscular body of dark chocolate skin tone, a jaw line of dark brown whiskers, a pair of dark brown eyeballs, and a smooth shiny bald mound without hair curls. He likes to shave off all the teenly curls, making his grand personal appearance both bold and brutal to all his enemies while bold and brave to all his high school friends. He wears a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a ratty, ancient blue T-shirt, and a pair of green and brown polished cowboy boots.
Louzon was born in the month of December under the zodiac sign of Sagittarius and the symbol of the Archer.
A Sagittarius person possesses a cheerful, vibrant, inquisitive, and exciting personality, who is honest and always speaks their mind. The person enjoy expresses their feels in a sexual manner and is lives life to the fullest, values both freedom and independence. However, their optimism and self-confidence will sometime backfire while exhibiting that fiery personality that is ruled by the solar sun.
Dvina leans over with a smile and then taps on keyboard of her personal mobile telephone, reading the information on the tiny screen out loud to every eardrum. “Newish, the meaning is defined as something that is somewhat new or slightly new. The word was first recorded in the year 1560 AD, which had been used by the author George Saintsbury, within his novel, A History of the French Novel: Volume 2,” she looks up with a smile and a wink to see Yancy. “I’m impressed. Yancy can read.” She is the pretty girlfriend of Louzon. Dvina possesses a petite body frame with a head of long black wavy hair, a pair of brown eyeballs, and a tone of dark mint skin color, wearing a printed patterned short A-line dress in purple, red, yellow, green, and black color tones, a pair of purple tinted high heeled sandals, a set of yellow tinted fingernails, and a set of green tinted toenails. Her cheekbones are colored in rose tint and as her lips are smeared in hot pink color.
Dvina was born in the month of May under the zodiac sign of Gemini with the image of the Twins symbol.
A Gemini person likes music, books, magazines, and social chats and is expressive and quick-witted. A Gemini represents two different personalities. One is social and ready for fun. The other one is serious and thoughtful. A Gemini personality is prone to intense emotions both good and bad. The emotional feelings can be either high for amazing or lowest with nervousness. 
However, a Gemini person possesses excellent communication skills with a clever and curious mind set and a thirst for knowledge and a desire to share it with friends and family members.
Once a Gemini woman meets her mate, she floods the relationship with her charm, wit, versatility, love and sexual affection. After all, she is two or more zodiac personality that is rolled into one life form.
Cilla smiles at her new classmate. “Yancy can wear a pair of eyeglasses with a cool fashion style too. Why are you wearing a pair of eyeglasses, Yancy? Are your eyeglasses new?” She is a new student at Lacy Springs High School, starting her academic classes last month, when her father had transferred to his new business company in town. She exhibits average height and weight with a head of blonde colored hair, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of dark skin, wearing a short blue jean romper with a matching tied belt and a pair of red sneakers. She displays a set of dark blue painted fingernails and a set of neon green painted toenails inside each sneaker. Her cheekbones are dusted in pink tone and as she wears a set of pink lipstick and an array of green colored eye shadow.
Cilla is named Pricilla. She was born on February 16th under the Cusp of Sensitivity which combines the energies of a quirky Aquarius with a dreamy Pisces that lies between the calendar dates of February 15th through January 21st.
The Aquarius-Pisces persons lives and thrive within a compassionate and imaginative place within their mind, body and soul.
The cusp person possesses a spiritual, artistic, peace-loving, friendly and original personality. The Aquarius-Pisces cusp personality is labeled as ‘offbeat’ or ‘eccentric.’ The person is stimulated by visionary ideas and new experiences, highly intellectual but not very good with practical details and follow-through. The Aquarius-Pisces cusp person is social or shy or a mixture of both, because spending time with others is a great stress relief but at the same distress the personality with sensitivity. The cusp person is the most intuitive cusp placement leading with a compassionate view of the world. The person dives into spiritual matters and philosophical ideas which is much more important than managing the details of day-to-day life events. The cusp person will lose items, forget appointments, show up late, and stand you up, because the person is too preoccupied thinking about making the world a better place on a deep mentally and emotional level.
Yancy exhales. “I injured one of my eye retinas during the last football game. The doctor says that I have to wear them, when I read or study books.”
Cinco gasps. “Damn! I’m so sorry, dude. Does this affect your chance for a football scholarship at Burn U next academic year?”
Yancy exhales with a nod. “Yeah, I didn’t receive a sports scholarship to Burn U. Each one of us had to submit to a medical examination. I had to submit and I had failed. So, my loving and generous partners are paying for all of my college education. And I have grateful. Or I would be getting a job at one of the local fast-food restaurants to pay for my college tuition and books. However, I won’t be joining ya’ll on the Burn U football team either, guys, but I’ll be there in the stands like an old grandma cheering on the football team. I wished that it wasn’t so. But it is, what it is,” he looks down and picks at the food on the plate with a heavy heart of disappointment. 
Friend and senior classmate, eighteen years old Brett jabs a finger down into his plate of food with a stern face as it is wrong to point a finger at your friend or your friend, where he had been taught by his southern belle mother. He sneers. “Do you see and hear it now? Yancy’s life has changed dramatically like Flamingo’s. A teenager has no idea how much you have to structure your personal and private young life around meeting someone else needs or someone else injuries which does not include your own personal dreams and desires and deeds like becoming a newish daddy, like Flamingo,” he possesses a head of brown colored hair, a face of red tinted whiskers, a tone of pale tinted skin, and a pair of brown eyeballs and displays a tall and muscular body, wearing a blue tinted short-sleeved tee shirt, without the vile words, a pair of ripped and faded blue jeans, and a pair of polished green and purple cowboy boots.
Brett was born on March 23rd under the Cusp of Rebirth combining the two energies from a dreamy, imaginative Pisces and a go-getter Aries. The range of calendar dates represent March 17th through March 23rd.
The Pisces-Aries cusp person mixes a fiery impulsiveness trait with an imaginative daydreaming skill that creates both a dreamer and a doer. Sometimes, this cusp personality is impatient and very direct with their words and their action, rubbing all the others the wrong way by refusing to compromise, since the cusp person is always right.
When the Pisces-Aries cusp person combines their natural fearlessness and compassion emotions, the person become a great leader. The cusp person possesses a natural ability to push limits and bring other people with them toward a successful endeavor or project.
The cusp person must work a little harder on their social skills and also try to practice patience balancing out the two zodiac personalities. Then the Pisces personality can temper the hasty moves of Aries while Aries can make the dreams of Pisces become a reality.  
Brett had used his fearlessness trait on the football field coupled with his passion to success, getting both an academic and a sport scholarship into Birmingham University or Burn U going to school with the three triplets and his girlfriend Fannie. Now, he will work very hard to create and built his dreams of owning his own computer company.
Seventeen years old Fannie is the girlfriend of Brett. She frowns at Yancy. “How is possible that you know all this baby stuff, Yancy? You are not a new daddy of a newborn infant. Did you read that information on the internet? Heavens knows that we did not study about newborn babies in health class. Did your mother tell you? Do you have a new baby sister or brother at home that I do not know about?”
She possesses a pair of hazel eyeballs, a head of long light brown hair, and a tall and slender body tone of pale white. She wears a pair of light tan walking shorts, a white sleeveless blouse with a ruffle collar, and a pair of golden tinted high heeled sandals. Her pale face displays a set of rose colored cheekbones, a set of bright orange lipstick, and an array of purple and blue tinted eye shadow. Her set of manicured fingernails are tinted in bright orange and as her toenails are dotted in white hue.
Fannie was born on October 21st under the Cusp of Drama and Criticism combining the two energies of sexy Libra and stubborn Scorpio. The calendar dates are October 19th through October 25th.
A Libra-Scorpio cusp person possesses intelligent, drive, flamboyance, and sexuality, where all the other people cannot handle.
The Libra-Scorpio personality displays great judgment through the Libra traits and precision from the Scorpio side, exhibiting arrogance, charm, honesty, competence, and sexuality. The weaker traits include cynical, sarcastic, picky, self-absorbed, and blunt characteristics.
A Libra person is ruled by thought and intellect. A Scorpio personality exhibits both powerful and deep-seated emotions. When the two personalities collide and clash within the cusp person, there is a conflict between the head and the heart, creating an out of balance personality.
The Libra-Scorpio turns over every stone to find the truth and will not stop until every rock is uncovered. So, the cusp person must learn to maintain a balance between their intellectual side and their emotional side while keeping their ego in check and not annoying the shit outta of people.”
Yancy swallows the food with a nod. “I am one of three boys. And my mama told me to tell it all to Flamingo as he is a new daddy with a new infant son. I usually don’t see Flamingo as he stays and studies inside the AP classroom. But, today, he’s here inside our lunchroom with us.”
Cinco stirs the food with a worried brow. “Flamingo’s talking, tattling to Violet.”
“She does not like happy but worried.”
Cinco exhales. “She’s fine and dandy like Flamingo!”
Brett nods. “A newborn baby has no interest in or an awareness of anyone else’s needs like me or Flamingo. A newborn baby is like a chronic stomach ache. On a daily basis, you have no idea how much having a stomach ache affects your life until you can’t eat food or shit out food or bend over with hungry pains from the lack of food. So, a baby is like a stomach ache. And you will have a stomach ache for a long, long time until the stomach ache goes away.”
Cilla smiles to Brett. “Wow! Someone should think about becoming a physician like Flamingo.”
Louzon exhales. “Flamingo will never achieve his dream of becoming a medical physician now.”
Cinco snarls. “Yes, he will. Yes, he can. Yes, he does. Yes, he will.” His cropped blonde hair has a wavy part on the left side, flowing across the forehead and as Breck is tall and muscular with a pair of baby blue eyes, and a tone of bronze tinted skin.
He arrived at 11:57 pm on April 19th under the sign of the Aries, the Ram.
The Aries ram like comfortable clothes, taking on the leadership role, accepting physical challenges, and embracing togetherness and teamwork toward an issue. The Aries personality is an independent go-getter, leading the way as the only true born leader, such like, Breck leads his two brothers at home and at school.
The weaker traits on an Aries person consists of impatient, moody, short-tempered, impulsive, and aggressiveness. The stronger traits include courageous, determination, confidence, enthusiastic, optimistic, honesty, and passion.
Breck swallows the food and then wipes the dirty mouth, leaning over with a stern face into the cheekbone bone of his girl Cilla. “How are you feeling, now, Cilla, honey?”
Cilla wipes her hand on the napkin with a worried brow. “I feel shocked, worried, angry, uncertain, scared, disappointed, doubtful, nervous…”
“Yeah, I feel the same way, too. That’s why, of course, we are the perfect couple, because we think and act alike,” Breck nods with a stern face.
Cinco opens the lips and then mouth spits numerous chewed food particles through the air with a laugh at Breck. “What are you feeling, again, Breck?”
Breck nods with a stern face to Flamingo. “I feel both fright and excitement for Flamingo.”
Cinco laughs again with the flying food particles in the air. “If you are having some or numerous difficulties with your estranged and stranger teenly feelings, Breck, then you need to stick an enema straight up your asshole. That’ll work both quickly and quietly while relieving the extremely large sticky wad of smelly shit down from your dirty butt-hole and all the toilet turds from your closed brain.” Breck frowns at Cinco in silence while turning red faced in front of his girl Cilla with Cinco’s vile teenly behavior.
Hawley frowns. “I don’t know or remember this girl, who is named Jeranda. Does anyone else have my memory block?” She possesses a head of shoulder length auburn colored hair, a pair of light green eyeballs, and a tone of pink tinted skin, wearing a pair of green tinted blue jeans, a long flowing white, yellow, and green tinted flower-patterned sleeveless shirt, and a pair of red tinted high heeled sandals. Her face is painted with a pair of pink tinted cheekbones, a smear of red colored lipstick, and an array of blue and golden colored eye shadow.
Hawley was born on May 23rd under the Cusp of Energy between the dates May 17th through May 23rd. The Earth energy and the Air energy meet and create a dust storm of activity for the Taurus-Gemini cusp personality.
The Taurus-Gemini cusp person is one of the most youthful and go-getter among the people. The cusp person is both physically strong and mentally agile, making the individual stable and driven plus clever and communicative with any project or person or property or place. The traits allow the Taurus-Gemini to adapt into many different situations and people while wanting it all and a lot of the all.
The Taurus-Gemini cusp person does not stop and burns the candle at both ends creating fatigue and exhaustive while having too much fun with their friends and family members. The Taurus-Gemini person enjoys pleasure and tries to be sensitive to the feelings of others.
Cinco spits out more abused food particles through the air that lands down over his empty plate. “Cunt-whore Jeranda came here to Lacy Spring High at the end of last year, when we were all juniors.”
Hawley frowns. “Your nasty tone and your vile words are not nicely shared here at our table.”
“Grow a teat, Hawley! You’re about to enter college. College men and women didn’t care about southern belle manners, only partying with beer and babes!” Doyle laughs.
Louzon nods with a smile. “Doyle tells the truth.”
“Now, I’m afraid to start college.” Hawley frowns.
“Now, I’m afraid for Flamingo.” Doyle laughs.
Breck frowns at his brother. “If you are not having a terrible time with your communication skill over there, Cinco, then I would strongly suggest closing your lips and chewing the food, before speaking out loud with a set of words again. You’re wetting the table with your vile and gross mouth germs.”
Cinco chews the food with a smile. “All of my germs are clean and healthy. Can you boast the same set of sentences, Breck?”
Breck lifts up the food plate and then wipes off the table with the used napkin, wearing a sour frown. “My food plate is contaminated. The food table is dirty. And I have finished my mid-day meal. Thank you, Cinco!”
Cilla stares across the room and studies the body language on her new friend Violet. “Violet looks like she need some help or advice or a cold wash cloth to pat on her pale face. I’m worried about her.”
Cinco finishes the food and then burps out loud, patting a chest with a stern face. “I’m worried about her and Flamingo. However, I do believe that Flamingo is doing the right thing by communicate and talking about this ugly and short life experience which is helpful for him and Violet.”
Dvina finishes her meal and then wipes her lips with a smile. “You do not seem to have any trouble voicing out loud your personal thoughts on the baby matter, Cinco. But I do not think that Violet shares your exact same thought process.”
“This is new to everyone, including me.” Yancy nods with a stern.
Cinco slaps a chest and then burps out loud with a smile. “Well, me and Babbie are here to clear up the communication lines for anyone and everyone regarding Flamingo, Cunt-face Jeranda and her baby. So, who’s got a new question for me?”
Fannie smiles, “That’s so nice to say about your brother, Cinco.”
Hawley frowns. “That still is not nice to say about Jeranda, Cinco.”
Breck frowns. “His brother Cinco should be practicing more of his sensitive emotions toward all the jumbled up feelings inside the mind and body of Flamingo along with your emotional support.”
Cinco rolls the eyeballs and then frowns at Breck. “I just said that, Breck. Where are all of your jumbled and mixed up feelings located inside your mine or your heart or your penis, dude?”
“Right here!” Breck taps on his heart on the left side of his shirt with a smile.
“That’s so nice, Breck!” Cilla smiles at Breck.
Breck leans over with a smile and a whisper, kissing her cheekbone, pulling back with a chuckle. “Thank you, Cilla, honey!”
Yancy exhales with worry. “I can understand that Flamingo might be moody or uncomfortable while not talking about his newish fatherhood, right now, but I’m Flamingo’s ‘bestest’ and dearest buddy. So, Flamingo can come and talk to me about the baby matter anytime, anywhere, anyhow, also.”
Louzon nods with a smile. “I’m Flamingo’s friend too. So he can come and talk to me also. Are you going to tell him that tonight, Flamingo?”
“He’s sitting right over there, Louzon. You can go over and tell him right now.” Hawley winks at Louzon.
Louzon gasps and then looks down at the empty food plate. “No. No. He’s really busy with his girl Violet right now in the wall corner. So, I…I can wait,” he looks up with a slight smile to see Breck. “Can you tell Flamingo that he can talk to me about the baby situation, Breck?”
“Shore thing, Louzon!” Breck nods with a chuckle. Louzon does not want to discuss the topic of fatherhood with Flamingo, because he is too nervous and afraid like the other kids at Lacy Spring High School, including Breck.
Babbie reaches over and slaps the naked arm on Cinco with a smile and a nod. “Flamingo is sitting right over there with his girl Violet. You know, I do believe that his three ‘bestest’ and dearest school buddies should get out of that chair and go right over there talking with Flamingo about fatherhood. What do you think, Yancy, Louzon, and Doyle?” Cinco nods in silence with a smile.
Brett smiles, “I met Flamingo this morning and walked with him into the school building. I had my talk with Flamingo about fatherhood. I’m his friend too. He is…”
Yancy gasps with annoyance. “Did you do that, Brett? When did you talk with Flamingo about this fatherhood thing?”
Brett nods with a smile. “This morning, Flamingo parked his car on the front row near the entrance doors. I saw his car and walked over there to say, hi. I pounded on the glass window. Then, he and I had a long, long conversation about fatherhood and the baby. Yes, I did. Yes, I did it.” 
“I don’t believe you, Brett,” Louzon frowns. “Flamingo, he never parks his car in front of the school doors. He parks next to Breck. Doesn’t Flamingo park his car next to your truck, every morning, Breck?”
Brett thumbs back over a collar bone with a stern face. “Go and ask Flamingo! He’s sitting right over there in plain eyesight. I do not lie. I do not fib. I walked to his car and walked with him into the school, this morning. And then we talked about the fatherhood situation before the school bell.”
“Flamingo didn’t park next to my truck, this morning.” Breck stares with a stern face across the room at Flamingo.
Dvina leans over with a stern face into the jaw line of her boyfriend. “Well, it seems to be your turn, Louzon. You should mosey over there and talk to Flamingo. Lunch is almost finished. Then we all go back into the classroom and study more pages in our textbooks. Go on, Louzon!” Louzon is a friend of Flamingo and should offer his friend any assistance. 
Louzon reaches over with a smile and then grabs the dessert dish that his girlfriend Dvina had left beside her food tray, dragging the dish in front of his chest. He lifts the fork and swiftly dives down into the white vanilla cake, cramping a big slice into his mouth, chewing. He looks up and nods with a soft moan without leaving the table, talking with his friend Flamingo.
Breck laughs. Cinco sneers. Yancy gasps. Brett frowns.
Divan leans over with a whisper and a sour frown. “Chicken shit!” She sits back crossing her arms, tapping a foot while staring at her boyfriend as he continues to eat the large piece of cake.
Yancy exhales with worry. “Well, I’d go over there, but it’s close to the school bell, that’s end our lunchtime meal. I need to rush outta of here and go study for my big ugly science test. I’m a little worried about that final examination test. I wanna pass it, so I…
“You are graduating next week, Yancy. You can actually fail the science test with the letter grade of F and still not fail this class or this school or your mama’s tender feelings,” his childhood friend Doyle laughs with the other teens. “You’re graduating with me and all of our friends here at this table and inside the lunchroom. Now, Flamingo is your friend, also. You should go over and say something about the baby.” He exhales with worry and stares at Violet. “How is Flamingo feeling, right now, at the moment? Has anyone asked him that important question here?”
“Frightened and alone,” Breck nods with a smile.
Fannie nods. “Is Flamingo excited or nervous about becoming a newish father for the first time? Did he like the baby?”
Breck nods with a grin again, “Frightened and alone!”
Babbie frowns. “You do not wanna a baby. You spit out a baby from your hairy vagina, like the group of dead cave women had done since the beginning of time. Flamingo doesn’t care about that baby.”
Breck nods with a smile. “Well, maybe, we should assist Flamingo and become involved in the baby thing, too.”
Cilla nods with a smile. “Okay.”
Dvina fakes a smile, “Well, I guess so.”
Babbie nods, “Damn right!”
Cinco laughs, “Damn right and proud of it, too!”
Brett smiles, “Berrington!”
Yancy laughs, “Sawyer!”
Breck shakes his skull with a sour frown. “Tom Sawyer never uses the Quartet motto. He always spits out loud: holy fucking shit,” he laughs with the others.
Yancy smiles. “Frank Mangrove!”
“Stu Gage!” Louzon spits out used cake particles with a laugh.
Fannie exhales with worry. “I don’t think that I can become involved with this baby thing for Flamingo, Breck. My mama is going to object and then ground me.”
Cinco nods with a smile. “Then, you can become a friend with Cunt-face Jeranda, instead.”
“I don’t think you should continue to call her ugly name, Cinco.” Cilla frowns.
Cinco laughs, “Why not? Flamingo calls her that ugly name all the damn time. And I like the creativity within Flamingo’s sane mind.”
Fannie smiles, “Well, I can talk to my parents. But they have already raised a child which is me. And my mama might object and then ground me also.”
Babbie frowns. “Are you really going to graduate with us from high school, Florencia?”
“Yeah, I’m sitting right here at the eating table with my lunch meal.” Fannie nods with a smile.
“Unbelievable! I think that’s a great idea, Breck.” Babbie fakes a smile.
Breck smiles with a nod. “Excellent! We all should go and attend a parenting class with Flamingo.”
Cinco frowns. “No. I think that to be a great big stupid and dumb and shitty idea, Brick Brain.”
“I agree with Cinco!” Doyle laughs.
Breck grins with a nod and slaps both palms over the clean part of the dirty table. “Okay! Then I’ll go and do the parenting class, without ya’ll. I will attend a parenting class and then come back and tell you how it went. How’s that?”
Hawley frowns. “How can you attend a parenting class? You’re here in high school.”
Yancy smiles, “Breck has been exempted from all his academic examinations next week.”
Hawley exhales. “That’s nice! How did you do that? Do you mama pay the teachers or the principal money?”
Yancy grins, “No! Breck studies all his books and his grade point average is 4.0.”
Hawley laughs, “O! Ya cheated.”
Breck growls, “Girl!”
“Go for it, pseudo-newish-father!” Babbie laughs. “Did I get it right?”
Cinco leans over with a smile and kisses her cheekbone, pulling back with a smile. “You always got it right.”
Babbie giggles. “Thank you, darling!”
They lean over and whisper into each other’s cheekbones with a set of chuckles.
Cilla nods with a smile. “Well, then you can do some reading on parenting and parenthood and come back and tell us all about.”
“That’s the plan,” Breck chuckles.
Dvina frowns. “How much does a baby cost? A baby needs baby clothes, baby food, baby equipment like a baby crib and a baby stroller. How is Flamingo going to pay for all of these baby items? Is he going to get a part-time, after high school while attending all of his college classes?”
Fannie shakes her curls with a frown. “No. Flamingo is not going to be able to attend college, because he needs a job to pay for all of the new baby items. His mama is not going to do it. My mama would not do that either.”
Yancy frowns. “Is Flamingo still planning to attend college?”
Cinco smiles, “Yes.”
“No.” Breck frowns.
Dvina nods. “Becoming a father is going to change Flamingo’s life forever. He is responsible for that baby…”
“Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth,” Breck laughs with amusement.
Cinco growls, “Shut up, Brick Brain!”
Fannie nods with a stern face. “Flamingo is responsible for that child until that kid turns eighteen years old. Eighteen plus eighteen is the number thirty-six. Then, he and I will both be thirty-six years of age by the time that baby grows up and leaves the family nest. Wow! That’s really, really old. I’ll be really old and gray and wrinkled…”
“Shut up, Fannie!” Babbie frowns.
“Even with the help of his biological family members, a new father role is not an easy job and it is also complicated, tiresome, and frustrating.” Doyle nods with a stern face.
“But all of his friends are here to help Flamingo, like me.” Cilla smiles with a grin.
Dvina exhales with a stern face. “Well, I guess so. Well, I guess we can help when we are not in class studying or at band practice marching or in the library studying or in the kitchen eating…”
“Why didn’t Jeranda get an abortion?” Louzon finishes the cake with a sour frown and a loud burp.
Brett nods with a stern face. “I don’t believe in an abortion. If it is her option, then she would do that on her own. I would not participate. I would not give money. I would prefer that she keep the baby before killing the fetus.” 
His girlfriend Fannie sneers. “Abortion is murder.”
Babbie exhales. “Well, a woman’s body is her own biological body, not yours or his or hers or mine. A woman controls her own biological body. An abortion is her own decision, not yours or his or hers or mine. If Jeranda had wanted an abortion, then she would have gotten one, but she had decided for herself, not to terminate the growing fetus. Thus, Jeranda birthed a blue-eyed, blonde-haired baby boy.”
Breck nods with a stern face, “No male here on Planet Earth cannot make a mother-to-become get an abortion or stop that fetus abortion. That’s the law of the land. And I’m going to become a lawyer, so I just told you, the land of the land.”
“I always thought an abortion of a baby was an okay thing to do. But, if it was my fetus inside my body that was my love-child, then I think that I would feel differently, now.” Babbie nods with a stern face.
Dvina nods with a stern face. “Now, as a teen, there’s no way that I could take care of a newborn infant on my own or with my family. So, an abortion is the only option for me or this or that fetus situation.”
Brett leans over with a stern face to see his girlfriend Fannie. “We ain’t ever getting an abortion, are we, honey?”
Fannie nods with a smile. “That’s right and all right with me, darling!”
Hawley frowns. “If you stop someone’s heart from beating, then you are killing that tiny or big life form or human or little or big person. I feel that abortion is murder also.”
Kruger nods with a stern face. “An abortion medical procedure is the best option for a pair of unwed teens.”
Yancy nods with a stern face. “I need to put me first. I couldn’t put a baby first. The baby will grow up to hate me.”
Louzon nods with a stern face. “The best thing would be for the girl to have an abortion. Then she and I would never, ever fuck again and again and again…”
Breck laughs. “That’s good reason to have an abortion.”
Fannie nods with a stern face. “I think it is the woman’s choice for the right to choose an abortion here in the United States. I don’t think her right should ever change. It doesn’t matter if the sex act is rape or Free Will. It is her body of chemical and proteins and she can do to her body whatever she wants without her lover or her boyfriend.”
Louzon nods with a stern face. “I don’t think the matter is discussed with the guy, who is the biological father. The gal decides and then she gets an abortion, making an unhappy ending for all.”
Yancy nods with a stern face. “I would support my girlfriend, if she wanted an abortion. I would be there with her inside the abortion clinic. I would pay for the abortion. I would do anything that she wanted and still love her for it, too.”
Hawley nods with a stern face. “Well, abortion is like a war. You go and do what you gotta do to enjoy the bloody war.”
Louzon nods with a worried brow. “I would like input if my girlfriend wanted an abortion, instead of having the baby. But I would not be upset, if she did it without my approval or my knowledge or my permission or my monies.”
Doyle exhales. “I didn’t wanna know if my girlfriend got an abortion. Never! Ever! Period! Done! I would be very upset, if my girlfriend got an abortion. I wanna my fetus-child under any type of good or bad circumstances.”
Dvina nods with a stern face. “I would perform an abortion, if I become preg-nancy. A good paying job is hard to find. Work is hard to do. I wanna find a job career path that meets my dreamy lifestyle. A baby, at this time, is not my new dreamy lifestyle while going to college.”
Fannie reaches down and pats the long shirt with a sour frown. “Well, I can’t launch a fashion career with a big ugly round-looking bump underneath my designer clothes.”
Doyle nods with a sad heart. “Look! To me, it is not my right to take a tiny or large or ugly or pretty life form, only Almighty God gives the right to life or dead. If my girl aborted my fetus-child, then I would be mad and leave her forever. And…and I believe that Almighty God would be mad at the female also for not accepting the responsibility of motherhood.” Silence invades the eating table. He nods with a smile. “And furthermore, Flamingo should accept his newish responsibility of fatherhood without objection and remorse and angry too.”
The school bell rings and ends the lunchroom meal. Each student slowly stands upright from their chair and then exits the lunchroom.
Brett stands upright from the chair with a smile, “Time for class!” He leans down and assists his girlfriend Fannie to stand beside him. They scoot around the table and the other teens, leaving the lunchroom for the classroom.
Cinco swiftly stands upright from the chair and assists Babbie to stand next to him. They lean over and kiss, pulling back with a smile.
Breck stands upright from the chair and then leans over assisting Cilla to stand beside him while smiling at each student. “I would like to thank everyone for participating in our impromptu survey this afternoon about Flamingo and his new baby. I’ll be shore to let Flamingo know about all of our feelings, emotions, decisions, judgments, and opinions, here, today, when I see…”
Cinco dashes away from Babbie and charges into the back spine of Breck with a nasty sneer, reaching out, grabbing his shoulder. “Berrington says, ‘Move out, now, Breck Brain!’” He shoves Breck toward the archway and away from both Cilla and Babbie, exiting the lunchroom for the next classroom session during the afternoon.
In the wall corner, Flamingo slides off the stool with a smile and then assists Violet to stand on top of the floor next to him. They cuddle together and move ahead toward her classroom first, before the school rings to begin the afternoon session.


McCory Cow Ranch location
   (two miles, west, from Lacy Spring High School)
Hot temperatures with parted clouds of sizzling sunlight
Kitchen room setting
1:01 pm


The array of kitchen appliances, the long counters, the shiny floor, and the breakfast furniture items is spotless clean from the morning maid service.
Arie slowly strolls around the clean and polished breakfast table holding an empty cup of soy milk drops, staring at each wall or window as she continues to waltz around the wood with a set of deep distributing thoughts about her middle triplet Flamingo. She wears an ugly ratty and torn pink tinted ankle-length bathroom underneath a pair of ancient old fashioned nightgown and a pair of bare feet. Her hair is messy. Her lips are chapped. Her nails are chirping with fingernail polish. And her mouth of teeth needs to be brushed away from the sour odor. However, Arie does not appear or feel like her cheery self, since Friday afternoon after the discovery of her grandchild.
AJ enters the kitchen with a sigh of worry and halts inside the archway, after coming back from visiting Jeranda at her new house.
Jeranda had requested to see and talk with Flamingo again, so AJ had pulled out a wad of cash money for Jeranda and her mother to go retail shopping. The action had satisfied Jeranda’s curiosity for Flamingo for a little while.
He wears a pair of walking shorts, a pair of bare feet, and a blue tinted T-shirt, moving ahead with a worried brow and then stops her motion, cuddling her body into his chest with a stern face. “How are you feeling today, Arie?” Then he swirls a face with a violent sneeze coming from her stinky un-bathed body, looking back with a sad face at his wife Arie.
She wipes off the sad tears with a sad face, saying with a soft timber. “I feel shocked, worried, angry, uncertain, scared, disappointed, doubtful, nervous…”
“That’s a mouthful of numerous descriptive adjectives. Well, I’m feeling the same way, too.”
She exhales with worry and touches her swollen face. “I mainly feel so deeply depressed. Flamingo is only a child, also. Granted, he is very mature for a teenage at the age of eighteen years old. But he is now a real life father. Flamingo’s father became a dad at the age of thirty years old, not eighteen years old.”
“I can’t really understand, since I do not have any children of my own loin cloth. And I will not pretend to experience your deeply embedded emotions with the current delicate situation. But I am here for you and I feel confused too that Flamingo is going to be a father for the first time also.”
She exhales. “I wanted that baby’s first time to see his loving father to be very sweet and special, not rushed and raw and rough like…like the personality of Flamingo, who ironically is his daddy. I can’t believe this. I am a grandmother at the age of fifty-two. Flamingo is a father at the age of eighteen years old. Flamingo is only a child too. My active mind cannot stop pondering these two sentences. I can’t stop thinking about these two sentences. I am a grandmother. Flamingo is a daddy.”
He exhales. “I have been pondering the exact same two sentences, since Friday afternoon, also.”
She pulls away from his warm hug, moves ahead from AJ toward the refrigerator and finally stops. She opens the top door, pulling a set of cold glass tumblers, where a row of tumblers is stored inside the freezer portion that maintains a cold glass for a quick cool drink. She gently places two of the cold glass tumblers onto the kitchen counter with a deep sigh of worry, disappointment, and heartache. Raising three triplet sons at the same time is a difficult task and she almost made it to the finish line, until that girl had knocked on the front door, holding Flamingo’s baby. Now, her motherly skills are running into overtime.
She gently shuts the freeze door and opens the refrigerator door, grabbing a plastic bottle of fruit juice, swiftly pouring the juice down into each cold tumbler. She spills the extra liquid over the clean kitchen counter with a soft puff of worry, placing the bottle back onto the counter without closing the refrigerator door as her occupied and worried mind wanders away from the kitchen and into outer space with her emotions.
She reaches down and grabs the two cold tumblers with a deep sigh, turning to see AJ, moving ahead and spills more red liquid over the clean floor with a worried mind.
AJ swiftly moves ahead and stops, reaching out, grabbing one of the cold tumblers with a smile in silence, gulping down the cool liquid on a heated day in the month of May. He drops down the tumbler and then softly burps with a soft chuckle.
Arie doesn’t register the amusement sound. She strolls ahead and moves around the table again with a worried brow, a heavy heart, and disappointment of fear.
AJ back steps from Arie and leans against the clean part of the kitchen counter with a worried brow, watching her stroll around the table. “Flamingo will resent the shotgun marriage, Arie. Trapping yourself in a loveless marriage does not make a happy blissful life for either teen or the infant child.”
She continues to stroll around the table without drinking the juice. “I do not believe in a forced marriage situation either, AJ. But the ceremony of marriage is best for the baby, not necessary for Flamingo. I agree but he will understand, eventually.”
“Flamingo will not understand and he will come to resent you, the child, and everyone else that lives on this farm property,” he frowns with annoyance behind her back spine as she wears the unfamiliar ratty and torn pink tinted bathrobe. AJ ponders where that old piece of cloth came from also.
She exhales with worry. “What am I to do then, AJ? What else can I do, darling? I don’t know. I am so lost with a motherly decision.”
He exhales. “A shotgun wedding is not a way for Flamingo to be a good father to the baby. Or it is not the right way to demonstrate love with a woman that you don’t care about just for the sake of the baby. The baby is far better with his loving mother, who is happy about motherhood and wants to be involved in her child’s life and dreams. A marriage of two persons who are manacled together like a set of handcuffs is misery of eternity because of the baby. There is heavy risk factor for abusive, stressful, unhappy parents also.”
She nods and continues to stroll around the table, holding the cold glass tumbler without consuming the liquid. “I understand that last concept. But I wanna be involved in my grandson’s life too.”
“And you can be involved with your grandson on a daily basis, any hourly basis. Jeranda and her mother live on the edge of your property.”
“I plan to see my grandson every day. But I think that we need to do more for Flamingo. I think that we need a mediator or a psychologist, who can talk and share ideas and thoughts with Flamingo’s mental state.”
AJ sips and then swallows the beverage, softy burping out loud from the sweet juice with a stern face. “A psychologist will not change the mental state of mind of Flamingo, Arie.”
“I know that. I’m proposing that a licensed psychiatrist could be beneficial for both Flamingo and me with a smooth counseling session or two or three or four. I agree a shotgun wedding is a very bad idea and thankfully that an outdated concept which does not exist in the USA. Marriage is not the key to good parenting skills. A set of good parents is the key to good parenting.”
He nods. “Well, sometimes, a man does not wanna be a father, especially when the baby knocks on the front door.”
She turns with a sneer to see AJ. “The baby didn’t knock on the front door. The baby of the mother did.”
He nods with a smile. “Yes! Yeah! Yipe! You understand my silly analogy, Arie. A male might not wanna be with a mother to the end of time, like me. A man is sometime scared of new stuff like a baby. If a male is still scared and wants to be a daddy, he does not know what to do.”
She stops and then swirls around with a smile and a nod at AJ. “So there, I’m correct. A licensed psychologist is any excellent way for Flamingo to share or spill or shit out all of his scared emotions, thoughts, feelings, and constipated pretend turds. I’m going to find one for this afternoon. My boys come home early after two o’clock, since the school year has almost ended with the final graduation ceremony next week. So, I’ll arrange a clinical appointment with one of the brilliant licensed psychiatrists here in Lacy Spring for Flamingo and me to attend around three o’clock today,” she moves ahead with a grin and cuddles into his chest. “I would like for you to come with us, AJ. I know that you are not a real McCory but the boys respect and admire you and your words like a father figure.”
He smiles. “I would be happy to accept and then attend the clinical session with you and Flamingo.”
“Should I ask Iredell to come to the clinical session also with her grandson? She seems the most upset with the new delicate baby situation.”
He exhales, “Absolutely, positively not! Iredell will tote her shotgun into the office setting and then shoot the poor deserving psychiatrist for making you cry and Flamingo cuss. I can’t hide the weapon faster before the police officers arrive and then arrest Iredell for murder one.”
“Yes, I can visually see that scenario happening. That’s why I love you so much,” she back steps with a smile and a nod. “I’m going to call and find a psychiatrist…” 
He points at the ratty pink robe with a stern face. “You need to go and take a bath first, wash your hair second, wear some cosmetic makeup third, and brush your teeth next, and maybe fix up some more of your stinky body parts.”
She moves ahead and then collides into his body, hugging AJ with a giggle, pulling back with a wink. “That’s why I love you so much. You like my sting and my staunch too.” She back steps with a grin and then twirls to face the archway, swiftly moving ahead to dress for the clinical appointment.
He continues to stand at the kitchen counter and waves both arms in the air near a sour frown. “No! No way! I like your sting, but I do not like your stink. Go and wash off that stinky staunch, now, darling, please!” Then he sneezes out loud from the smelly odors.
At 03:11 pm inside Pig Pen, Cinco and Breck have arrived home, before Flamingo, greeting their mother, entering into Pig Pen. Cinco has to study while passing each academic examination with the letter grade of D. Breck is typing on the computer while killing time, before the suppertime meal.
Flamingo returns back to the house and enters Pig Pen, moving ahead with a stern face, scooting down into his assigned ratty brown tinted chaise lounge chair in silence. He places the backpack on the floor and grabs one of his academic textbooks, opening to the marked page, reading the information in silence for one of his final examinations next week.
In the wall corner, at the student computer desk, Breck spins around inside the roller chair and laughs out loud, staring at the nasty backwards baseball cap on his brother Flamingo with a smile. “Holy fucking shit! You finally came back home to roost or roast or roll.”
Cinco views Flamingo with a stern face. “Thing is not living here in our house, in case, you wanna know, Flamingo.”
Breck continues to smile at the nasty backwards baseball cap on his brother Flamingo. “You should marry the cunt and suck it up, Flamingo.”
Cinco turns with a sneer and views Breck. “What in the fuck are doing inside Pig Pen, Breck? You have been exempted from each one of your academic examinations, Brick Brain. Why don’t you go downstairs and bother Mama in the kitchen or AJ in the barn yard or the goats in the horse stalls?”
Breck continues to stare and smile at the nasty backwards baseball cap on his brother Flamingo. “Or give the child up for adoption to some responsible people that will be a good set of parents.”
Flamingo continues to stare down at the book with a sour frown. “I am not the father. That decision is not my mine to make, Breck Brain.”
Breck waves both hands that hold nothing but his fingers and smiles at the nasty backwards baseball cap on Flamingo. “I have been typing on the desktop computer and reading about the topic of parenting, ya know two parents with a baby. And don’t ever let your dick out of your blue jeans without a plastic wrapper, boy! Stop being a stupid irresponsible redneck and become a fucking man, Flamingo.”
Flamingo continues to stare down at the book with a sour frown. “I am not a man. I am a teen. I am not the father of the baby.”
Cinco continues to sneer at his brother Breck. “What’s wrong with you, Brick Brain? You are unnecessarily harsh and rude and an asshole today. It takes two to tango. Have you ever heard that song or that famous phase? You and I were not inside the car when Flamingo had fucked that cunt. We don’t know that cunt or her exact circumstance of how she became preg-nancy other than there is a baby here. That cunt-mother is responsibility for her vagina and the materials that go in and then out of her wet nasty pussy, not Flamingo. Did she eat a birth control pill? Did she eat the pill to stop the conception of a fetus? That’s her responsibility, not Flamingo’s. Insulting Flamingo will not help him or the baby or the cunt-mother or our mama.”
Breck continues to smile and type on the computer keyboard, staring at the screen. “I am not insulting. I am concerned about him and our mama. Flamingo is not concerned or worried. He is not seeking advice of fatherhood where his life will change greatly. He is fifty percent responsible for that tiny little life form.”
Cinco frowns. “Where is your evidence that child belongs to Flamingo, Brick Brain?”
Breck laughs. “One, Flamingo wore a condom, so it broke open. Isn’t that right, Flamingo? The rubber stretches out and then breaks exposing all the heated and hot sperm inside the vagina of the girl.”
He frowns. “Not often! It is true, but once is enough for a scary ride. Ain’t that right, Flamingo?”
Flamingo ignores the word exchange between his two brothers while studying for his academic test in silence.
Cinco frowns at Breck. “I don’t know the father of the child, but adoption is a bad thing. The child could experience a series of bad psychological problems and other shit stuff as opposed of staying with his cunt-mother. I vote that the cunt-mother just move away to another township like Huntsville or Decatur or Birmingham or Mobile or Mars or Venus or another galaxy that is far, far away. Do you agree with me, Flamingo?”
Breck frowns. “Get off your prized stallion, Cinco! Do you not see or feel or taste or hear the delicate new situation here, a baby? The cool concept of adoption is a good option. The set of new adopted parents can provide a nice loving home for the baby. The key is finding a set of new parents that provides a good loving relationship with Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth…”
“Shut up, Breck!” Flamingo continues to stare down at the open page on the textbook and growls at the words.
Cinco jabs a finger at the nose profile on Breck. “Plenty of kids come from a single parent household and turn out and becomes a fine American citizen. You’re employing numerous methods of finger pointing with the middle finger, shameful actions, condescension, and demoralizing the character of Flamingo. And it ain’t going to work, is it, Flaming? You are mean-spirited and unhelpful, Breck Brain. You are young of eighteen years old like me and Flamingo. You think you have everything figured out unlike me. Do you recall Lacy?”
Silence echoes inside Pig Pen.
Cinco sneers. “You’re making an assumption about lots of different personalities. And the word, assume, means making an ass of me and you, Brick Brain.”
Breck frowns. “Support the kid. Support the mother. There’s a lot at stake here with that kid. That kid will depend upon you and the mother while requiring a fatherly friendship for the sake of the child.”
Cinco turns and nods to Flamingo. “Flamingo is not a friend, only a foe with her. He fucked her and then tossed her to the wind, like always. Ain’t that right, Flamingo?”
“You can live with her. Or you can get married to her. But you need to do it for Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth,” Breck laughs.
Flamingo sneers down into the book. “Shut up, Breck!”
Breck smiles with a nod. “You’re a father now. And you need to be around for the first few months and support and help with the baby one way or…”
“…the Quarter way…” Cinco turns and nods with a laugh to Flamingo.
Flamingo looks up and laughs with Cinco. “Tom, he’d kill the baby for me.”
Cinco nods with a laugh, “Naw! Tom Sawyer is a chicken shit, like Brick Brain. Now, Stu would kill the baby. Austin would kill the baby. And Frank would kill the baby. Then, no more baby and no trouble for Flamingo! Amen!” He and Flamingo continues to laugh.
Breck continue to stare at the computer screen and types on the computer desktop keyboard with a smile. “I know that you think about sex every hour. Hell, I’m a man, too. We think about sex all the time.”
Cinco points and sniggers at Breck. “Now, Breck is providing you a sex lesson in sex. Way to not go, Breck Brain!”
Flamingo looks down with a smile and continue to study the open textbook in silence.
Breck frowns at the computer screen and reads out loud some of the information. “When you see the baby, your set of mental thoughts will be of him, not numerous sex acts. This article on the internet says that you will feel an overwhelming desire on your heart to ensure that the baby is safe and loved and receives everything. Now, everything does not mean a playpen or room full of expensive toys. Even thou, you can afford that, Flamingo. You wanna provide care, attention, love, and time with your newborn son. You do not want to spoil him but attend to him.”
The mobile telephone rings with a rock and rock song. Flamingo reaches down and studies the tiny screen on his mobile telephone, reading out loud. “Granddaddy Dunlap is here and wants to see me. He’s down staircases on the first floor inside the beau parlor room. We never use the beau parlor room.”
“Whoa! O no! Geez!” Breck continues to type on the keyboard and laughs out loud.
Cinco continues to sit and waves a hand with the pencil and a sour frown. “It’s the lecture hour from an elderly soul. Go on down and talk with him! Get it over with!”
“Yeah, get it over with. All right,” Flamingo slips the book to the side and slowly stands upright from the chaise, exhaling with annoyance, moving ahead. He exits Pig Pen and moves downstairs.
At 03:33 pm inside the beau parlor room, no one wanders into the beau parlor room for any reason which is decorated in solid dark colored reddish-tinted cherry wooden panels with a viewing window into the manicured yard and scattered pod of colorful fruit gardens and shade trees.
Flamingo stops in front of the partial closed matching cherry wooden door and exhales with annoyance, readying for the lecture from an adult. He reaches out and shoves the door open, moving inside.
Inside the room, there are two individual sofas that face each other which are twenty feet apart. A solid sitting chair in light gray hue is parked between the two sofas and faces the forward wall of glass windows. On top of the one of two brown and white tinted long sofas, Jarvis sits alone in silence and stares at Flamingo.
Flamingo scoots ahead and sits down on the opposite end with his Granddaddy Dunlap. He doesn’t want the string of loud words shouting all over the house and upstairs into Pig Pen.
Jarvis leans back into the cushions and finally clearing his throat. “Well, you have experienced, so far, a new change in your life, Flamingo. No amount of preparation time is given or needed or required in preparation as a new father with an infant baby. You can be told and be taught from an ancient textbook and cognitive of a baby, but you will not realize the extent of fatherhood until your baby is here.”
Flamingo frowns. “Did you read that something coming from somewhere else, Granddaddy? The baby is here already.”
He nods with a stern face. “Yes, the baby is here. Yeah, I’m still in shock, too.” He frowns. “Didn’t you, boys practice safe sex with an old fashion condom? Hell, we used them back in my days.”
“I did. I do. I will continue to do, until I finally decide to start my own family. That cunt-face witch Jeranda is a lying motherfucker, Granddaddy.”
He nods with a stern face and reaches over, patting the leg on Flamingo. “Well, reality is showing you something different, right now. Your mother and your grandmother wanted me to come and talk to you, Flamingo. So, here I am and here I say my stuff. Expect every decision that you make now will have a consequence for you and your baby. So, just plan accordingly, Flamingo. How’s that, son?” Jarvis slowly wiggles side to side with a smile and a loud grunt of elderly pain.
Flamingo swiftly stands upright from the sofa and leans down, assisting his elderly grandfather to stand with a fake smile. “Thanks, Granddaddy!”
They slowly exit the beau parlor room together in silence. Jarvis reaches over and slaps the bicep on Flamingo with a nod, exiting the house, leaving the front door open.
Flamingo moves ahead and closes the front door that makes a loud slamming noise, so Arie can hear the sound inside the kitchen. Then Arie will know that her father has lectured her son.
At 03:44 pm, Flamingo dashes up the staircase and enters back into Pig Pen, studying for his examinations, next week.
The mobile telephone sings with the same rock and roll song. Flamingo looks down at the new text message.
Cinco looks up and turns with worry to see Flamingo. “What! What is it?”
Flamingo frowns. “Grandmother McCory is downstairs inside our house. She wants to talk with me also.”
He frowns. “Shit! How many blood relatives are left on the family tree limbs now?”
“Too fucking many! Too gawd damn much! Too many thick pile of shit turds!” Flamingo scoots off the chaise lounge and stands upright from the chair, allowing the books to slip down onto the floor. He moves ahead and ventures downstairs into the beau parlor room again.
At 03:46 pm, inside the beau parlor room, Flamingo slams the partially closed door and exhales with annoyance, entering the room.
In the exact same spot that Jarvis sit, on top one of the brown and white tinted long sofas, Iredell sits alone in silence and stares at Flamingo.
Flamingo scoots ahead and sits down on the opposite end with his grandmother.
She frowns. “Get your shit together, Flamingo! Even if you didn’t want the responsibility, or you don’t wanna grow up, you have no choice. The choice has been made for you. You are a father of a baby boy. However, you don’t have to give up your current lifestyle…”
Flamingo frowns. “I’m a teenage, Grandma McCory. I thought you would be the first person in my marching band hay wagon parade tossing up both your arms and cursing in a strand of ugly words.”
“I’m inside your marching band wagon parade. I’m driving the horses and handling the reins. I admit finding out that I have a great-grandson was shocking and stunning and smiling. I’m eighty-three years old. Each one of my grandsons is only a teenage. This is my opportunity to touch and hold my own blood right, before I die.”
He gasps in shock. “But you’re in a healthy status, Grandma. I don’t think you’re going to die really soonest, any day now or tomorrow or the day after that.”
She smiles with a nod. “Well, you’ll make a fine medical physician, Flamingo. I’m only giving the lecture as a request from Arie. I love that girl. Anyway, I know too many deadbeat fathers. There’s a father at one of the local retail stores. He has a child and is aged in this thirties and not married. He’s still a party boy, likes to go out to the bars, gets wasted on beer, fucks a new girl each weekend, and his parents raise the child. It is a sad situation, for all. He’s a fucking loser to everyone.”
Flamingo nods. “You have presented a typical psychology textbook case of an adult immature male, who made the opposite choice in life of irresponsibility over his true responsibility. One day, his child will disrespect his biological father which will badly affect both of their lives.”
She smiles with a nod. “Yes, your set of smart-ass words say a lot about your true teenly character, Flamingo. You are still my same favorite grandson. But, you care and you are worried, too. I can tell also. I’m still your favorite grandmother, too. I’m known you, since your birth. And I’ll tell you a secret. Don’t worry about nothing here! Arie is going to support the cunt-mother and her little baby boy for the rest of their two individual lives also. Anyways, she can afford to do it.”
Flamingo gasps in alarm. “But, that’s not the point here.”
She grins. “But, that’s the point of Brother Jesus, who teaches us to help everyone down here on Planet Earth.”
He exhales. “I meant that’s not the point of the legal trial here.”
“The point of the legal trial is to humiliate you, Flamingo.”
He exhales. “O! I’m to be humiliated into accepting fatherhood. That’s not right, Grandmother!”
She nods with a smile “And I agree whole-heartedly. Not right! No way! And I will not let that happen. You plan your teenage life, as before, going to college, graduating college and then getting married, after you receive your earned college degree.”
He frowns. “I’m trying, Grandmother.”
Iredell nods with a smile and reaches out, slapping his bicep. “Keep on trying and trekking and tapping toward your own future. I have faith in Brother Jesus and he has faith in you, Flamingo. All of this is going to work out, my favorite grandson. But don't tell that to Cinco and Break. Anyways, I feel it,” she starts to stand upright from the sofa. Flamingo swiftly stands first and leans down, assisting his grandmother to stand on top of the wooden floor, escorting her into the entrance hall in silence. She stops before the closed door and turns with a nod and a smile in silence to view Flamingo, returning back to see the closed front door and then she exits the house.
At 03:55 pm, Flamingo stands alone inside the entrance hall and exhales with a set of mixed teenly emotions, spinning around to face the grand staircase, slowly advancing ahead while pondering his immediate future of his high school examinations. He slowly climbs the staircase and enters back into Pig Pen, studying for each text before the supper meal.
At 06:31 pm inside the beau parlor room, after the supper meal, the immediate family members adjoin into the new beau parlor room, sitting on top of each new furniture piece. Arie stands between the two sideways sofas with a smile in silence. Each triplet selects a new sofa seat. Cinco and Flamingo sit together and stare across the aisle of empty space air waves at both AJ and Breck.
Arie scoots around and slides down inside the oversized chair of gray hue between the two sofas with a smile. “Thank you for coming!”
Breck wiggles side to side and lifts his butt-hole up from the hairy fabric on top of the new sofa looking down at the brown color with confusion. Then he places a wide and long textbook in brown color on top of the fabric. “What’s wrong with this sofa? Where did this sofa come from? The beau parlor room never had furniture. Why does it have furniture now? Why are we here inside the beau parlor room? No one comes in here but to fart after eating too much food,” he laughs with AJ and his two brothers.
“Sit down, Breck!” She fakes a smile with a firm tone. “Now, we are meeting in here, tonight, to talk about the new delicate situation in both peace and harmony.”
“I have no choice to be here.” Breck sits back down and wears a sour frown, wiggling side to side on top of the new sofa, falling off the textbook surface. He lands back down on the top of the cushion and lifts his butt-hole a few inches upright from the fabric looking down at the new brown and white sofa with confusion. “What’s in this fabric on this new sofa that scratches my tender spot? I don’t realize it.”
AJ wiggles side to side on top of the hairy and itchy fabric and laughs out loud. “Our sofa is made from individual pellets of original Alabama goat hair, Breck. I purchased it from the recently established Mutton Club by the tenth grade class at Lacy Springs High along with some fresh mutton meat.”
Flamingo continues to sit on top of the second sofa which is decorated in sections of large brown and white individual squares that sorta duplicates the original goat-haired sofa. He smiles at Arie. “I’m not the father of the baby, Mama. What else are we talking about tonight?” His hand folds into fist and bumps it with his brother Cinco and as they both chuckle out loud.
Breck slides the textbook underneath his butt-hole and sits down with a confused brow, sliding off the slick book cover, wiggling on top of goat haired sofa, “Goat hair! It itches my butt-hole, bro,” he tosses both of his arms in the air with a smile. “Where’s my high school graduation gift, Mama? I’m graduating in two weeks. What am I getting?”
She turns and sneers at her first born triple, “Breck, how insensitive of your selfie person! Your triplet brother is a father of a child and his entire life has just changed swiftly into adulthood.”
Flamingo continues to sit with a sour tone and shakes his backwards baseball cap with a sour frown, “Naw.”
AJ smiles with a nod. “Do you know that the great State of Alabama is ranked tenth within the USA for growing goats and cutting out their guts for meat? I bet Cinco knows that information. Don’t you, Cinco?”
Cinco nods with a smile. “Yeah. And…”
“If you had been there for the birth of Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth, then you would feel differently, right now, Flamingo.” Arie nods and places both hands in her lap. “Everyone, turn and listen to me,” Each face turns and smiles at Arie. She exhales. “I have decided that Flamingo and Jeranda will work together and agree on a legal joint custody document to share their son.”
Flamingo smiles at Arie, “I am not the kid’s father, Mama. And I do not agree with that illogical conclusion, confusion, and custody thing,” he chuckles with Cinco.
She smiles. “Would you like sole custody of the baby to be awarded to your person or to the mother, Flamingo?”
Breck whips out the textbook from underneath his butt-hole and slides down on top of the hairy cushion, placing the book in his lap, swiftly flipping through the pages with a smile. “That’s the legal question here inside my legal law book. I purchased this book yesterday to help with the legal trial that Flamingo is going to be involved in.”
AJ turns and stares down at the textbook in Breck’s laps. “What else does your legal handbook say, Breck?”
Breck stops the page and clears a throat, reading out loud from the law textbook. “If Flamingo agrees to the sole custody arrangement for his baby, then the mother of the baby is the non-custodial parent, who will have no visitation rights.”
“No. We are not doing that.” Arie frowns. “Instead, both of you are a pair of two mature adults, who understand each other.”
Flamingo frowns. “I disagree, Mama.”
Arie smiles, “So, if you and she do not have a sound marriage or a love relationship, then you need to work out a compromise system, where the baby comes and lives here with us.”
Flamingo shakes his nasty backwards baseball cap, where peeks of curly blonde hair display, “No, Mama!”
Cinco shakes his shoulder length blonde hair curls and lifts a hand near his worried brow also. “I object, Mama.”
“Me, too, Mama,” Breck looks up with a gasp and shakes his skull with worry at his mother Arie.
AJ turns and nods to Arie also. “I agree with your precious sentiments and tender feelings, Arie. But, a single parent home family works perfectly fine here in America. For every five persons, one parent is raising their child or children. And the child or children are well-adjusted and happy.”
Breck sniggers. “I’m not happy.”
“Shut up, Breck!” Flamingo turns and growls at Breck.
Cinco turns and sneers at his brother also. “Your opinion is not valued or helpful here, Breck Brain.”
Breck lifts up the textbook and covers his face with a grin. “But, I got the legal law book. I purchased it the local book store this afternoon,” then he drops the book back down into his lap while nodding with a smile at Arie. “Flamingo and Cunt-face can look into an open adoption, where the birth parents can maintain an open relationship with their offspring and the set of adoptive parents.”
“No!” Arie swiftly stands upright from the chair and faces Breck with a sour frown. “There will not be an adoption or that word around me. Do you understand me here?”
Breck gasps. “Yes ma’am!”
“Yes, dear!” AJ frowns. He had mentioned that wonderful option of adoption a few minutes before coming into the family meeting.
She smiles with a nod. “Becoming a father makes a boy become a man, Flamingo.  You cannot comprehend the upcoming life changes that will be made on your teenly sacrifices. You will very proud of your child as he grows from an infant into a teenager and then an adult like my three sons. You child will be happy as he is surrounded by love coming from all the people that care about his welfare. So, there is not a single reason why two loving parents can’t raise a happy and well-adjusted child as long as Flamingo and Jeranda are willing to make their child their top priority.”
Breck lifts the book near his grin and nods to Arie. “The book says here. If marrying Jeranda is not the accepted answer and adoption is not mentioned, then Jeranda will become classified as a single mother with one child. Therefore, I would suggest that Flamingo and Jeranda go and talk with a licensed psychologist about the big deal of becoming a pair of good, not bad parents. How does that sound, Flamingo?”
Flamingo frowns, “Naw!”
Arie claps and nods with a smile. “That is an excellent suggestion, Breck. I agree also. Since Flamingo does not care about staying with the mother of his child, I have agreed to a compromise. Jeranda will live as close as possible to our house. Right now, she is staying inside a house on the edge of the farm property until another arrangement can be made. The idea of close comforts benefits Flamingo, who can be physically present in the child’s life as much as possible, without making you or Jeranda unhappy as to negatively affect the baby…”
“…Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth,” Breck closes the book with a loud pop. “This will make all of us happy.”
She smiles with a nod at Flamingo. “There is no substitute for a mother or a father.”
Flamingo frowns. “But, you are both the mother and the father to each three triplets, Mama. How can you toss away all your wonderful mothering experience into the wind? Jeranda should come and learn from you.”
She nods with a smile. “That’s a very good, point, Flamingo. She does come over each morning while we talk about motherhood and babies.”
Flamingo frowns, “Gold digger in the room!”
Cinco sneers. “Cunt-face should change her name, legally and immediately.”
She nods. “I have another bit of mother, or fatherly advice here, Flamingo. Be a man of your word always! When the baby is older and can think and talk, you must keep all our promises to take him to the park and play. Don’t make promises that you cannot or will not keep! Children learn and remember things at a very early age…”
“…like how to drink beer!” Breck laughs.
Cinco turns and sneers at his brother, “Shut up, Brick Brain!”
“The concept of unreliability will affect your father-son relationship with Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth.”
“Why did she use that name? She’s not a blood-kin McCory or a Dunlap.” Cinco frowns.
Breck nods. “Legally, the baby is named after the biological father, even if the mother is not married to the biological father.”
Arie nods with a smile. “Your choice of father presentation will also influence the relationship with the other people around you, Flamingo.”
Flamingo gasps. “Is that a body or mind or heart or motherly threat, Mama?”
Cinco leans over with a whisper. “I guess so, dude.”
She extends her arms with a smile. “You should never underestimate the love that you can wand onto your child, Flamingo. Your love will be massive and positive within their little blue colored eyeballs and on their little face, which looks like yours and your two brothers.”
Breck smiles, “She’s a good mother.”
Cinco smiles, “Yeah, our mama is a great mother.”
Arie nods with a smile to Flamingo. “Perhaps, not now, one day, you and Jeranda will fall in love through this a set of shared activities with your biological child. But love is not now. So, a joint custody agreement and a real commitment to stay involved in his life is a very good option here.”
“I like Mama’s idea too. She lives closest, but not too close. You and she do not live together. But you and she can help each other with the baby, who is named Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth,” Breck nods.
Flamingo sneers, “Shut up, Brick Brain!”
Arie nods with a smile to Flamingo. “What do you think about my idea of the new non-marry arrangement and baby situation, Flamingo?”
Cinco leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Flamingo with worry. “I think Mama and Breck have it in for you, Flamingo.”
Flamingo exhales with worry and stares with a stern face at Arie, “Me, too!”
“So, tomorrow afternoon, you, AJ, and I are going to meet with the lawyer that represents Jeranda, who has drawn up the new joint custody agreement with the baby…”
“…Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth,” Breck laughs.
Flamingo sneers, “Shut up, Brick Brain!”
Arie nods with a smile to Flamingo. “There inside the lawyer’s office, we are going to work it out, so it works out fine and dandy,” she stands upright from the chair and nods with a smile.
Flamingo leans into the cushions with a sour frown and a whisper. “Great!”
“Not great!” Cinco frowns also.
Breck jumps up from the sofa and leaves the beau parlor room, brushing the itchy goat hair from his blue jeans, exiting the room. He moves back into his private bedroom while reading more of the legal textbook with a smile.



Tuesday May 5th


City of Huntsville within the US State of Alabama
   (18 miles, northwest, from Lacy Springs)
Hot temperatures with scattered clouds of light rain
Business office setting with lawyer Litisha Bachpana
03:03 pm


After the daily school session, the triplets arrive home. Each one eats a snack and then heads upstairs, except for Flamingo.
Flamingo, Arie, and AJ travel inside AJ’s truck toward the lawyer’s office in Huntsville to meet with Jeranda, her mother Ferdome Exvanire, and the three-month old baby boy.
Inside the office setting, a pale blue and white rug displays a set of large alternating squares and kisses the top of the wooden floor. In front of a long executive desk of solid glass with a set of chrome metal glittering legs, so the lawyer can see each hand, leg, and foot motion of each client. The set of pale blue French decorated furniture curves around her central office desk. The fabric inside each chair and loveseats consists of long white and blue vertical strips going up and down the back rest and the cushion on each seat.
The lawyer possesses a queen-sized body frame, a tone of dark skin, and a purple tinted short hair on black hue, wearing a white and purple plaid wool business suit in a matching jacket and a pair of trousers, a dark purple blouse, and pearl accessories on her neck and her earlobes. She leans back into the white tinted office chair and narrows her brown eyelids at each person.
On the end of the curved row, a pale blue colored baby stroller stands beside the loveseat of blue and white strips. Jeranda sits beside the baby stroller and extends a hand, gently touching the head or the stomach on the sleepy baby. The baby is wrapped in a blue blanket and enjoys his slumber.
Next to Jeranda, her mother Ferdome sits and stares with a smile at their hired lawyer.
Arie is seated in a single chair between Ferdome and her son Flamingo. Flamingo and AJ share a sissy pale blue colored loveseat, enjoying a set of shared jokes also while softly chuckling to each other.
Behind the glass oval-shaped office desk, the lawyer taps her chest with a smile. “Custody is not a black and white thing here.”
Inside the shared loveseat, Flamingo leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on AJ. “At least, the chairs aren’t colored in pink.”
On the end, AJ taps his fingers over the soft arm rest and softly chuckles at the lawyer. “Or I’ll be standing for this silly thing. How long will this silly thing last?”
“Ugh! Until I get that shitty sick feeling along with that fucking tired emotion and then leave with the heated wind,” Flamingo smiles.
Inside the first loveseat of solid white hue, Jeranda sits beside the baby stroller and sneers at her hired lawyer. “Is that a snide remark about my skin color, lady attorney?”
“Of course not, dear,” the lawyer taps her chest with a grin behind her glass office desk. “My name is Litisha Bachpana. I am actually the lawyer that has been hired by Mrs. Ferdome Exvanire and her unmarried daughter Jeranda Exvanire, who birthed your three-month old son, who is named Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth. That is a very good clue to the father. Now, one biological parent of Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth should not win the custody battle and then push out the other parent away from the baby’s long life of happiness. If that happens, the baby will experience a set of numerous mental and emotion problems.”
Ferdome nods with a smile. “I do not want to divert the thread from your good advice, Ms. Bachpana. But I would like to discuss the potential problem of the visitation rights and the access to child care, if the one parent wins the sole custody legal case. I know in my heart that my grandson will live with his biological mother. And I also know in my heart that my daughter will be caring for her child all alone without the father.”
Litisha taps her chest with both hands and smiles. “I am not a jury trial or a judge. This is not a jury trial or a judge here. Thus, no parent will win a sole custody legal case here.”
“What!” Ferdome gasps in alarm.
Inside the sitting chair of solid sky blue, Arie exhales with worry. “Can the two teen parents share custody with the baby, in case Flamingo does not wanna marry the mother of the child?”
Flamingo leans back into the soft blue and white colored cushions and shakes his nasty backwards baseball cap, wearing a sour frown with a matching tone. “I have no desire or intent or wish to marry that lying cunt.”
Jeranda turns and views the nose profile on Flamingo. “You are the father of my child, Flamingo. You and I should be talking about this, not going through a lawyer.”
He exhales with annoyance and stares at Litisha. “Mama, I ain’t the father of the bride or the buck or the baby. Do you understand me? Do you hear me? Do you read my lips? The answer is no.”
Behind the glass office desk, Litisha continues to smile and taps her chest with all yellow tinted fingernails. “If the legal custody agreement between the two young teenagers is not a marriage ceremony or a living together arrangement as a family unit underneath one rooftop together...”
Jeranda continues to smile at Flamingo and rocks the baby stroller with one hand. “I’ll live underneath one rooftop with my future husband and the father of my child, Flamingo. I already have a rooftop that comes with the house,” giggling.
Litisha nods with a smile and taps her chest. “Then, a joint custody agreement would become the best option for the father of the child and the mother of the child and the child…”
“Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth,” Jeranda giggles at the nose profile on Flamingo.
“Whatever!” Flamingo looks down at the blue square on the rug and raps his fingers on the soft cloth of blue and white strips on the loveseat arm rest with frustration.
Arie reaches over and slaps the naked arm her son with a fake smile.
Litisha continued to grin and taps her chest with her fingernails. “I would like to advice here as a professional legal lawyer. You are going to get a lot of social pressure from your peer group. And, maybe, some social pressure from a set of immature adults along with a set of moralistic theatre roles that will make you angry, Flamingo. I can gather the emotion of resentment as the heated wave of hotness hits my smile, Flamingo. Only you can control and evaluate your fatherly emotions right now. I will advise here that you are to concern yourself with what is best for you and your relationship and your child, Flamingo.”
Flamingo sneers at Litisha. “I’m not the father of that baby…”
“…Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth.” Jeranda smiles at the nose profile on Flamingo and gently pats the stomach on the sleeping infant inside the stroller.
Litisha nods and continues to tap her chest with her yellow tinted fingernails. “After hearing your growl like a tiger on a hunt, I would strongly recommend the best footpath is the exact opposite of what you think, feel, know, and desire. You should pay the twenty percent of expense for the life time of raising an infant into manhood. Then, Flamingo is free to move on with his teenly life.”
“What is that amount of money for raising an infant into manhood?” AJ frowns at Litisha.
“I must calculate out the monies. I do not have a set figure available to me right now. Anyways, that is only a small portion for the child’s welfare, safety, and security. Flamingo must also be ready to provide any and all other things that the child will need, until the child reaches manhood and is able to provide food, shelter, clothing for his person.”
On top of the blue and white alternating checkered square patterns that cover the loveseat sitting beside Flamingo, AJ gasps in shock and turns to see the nose profile on Arie. “What does that mean? I don’t understand. Do you understand, Arie?” Arie stills silent and stares with a stern face at Litisha.
Behind the glass office desk, Litisha grins and continues to tap her chest with the fingernails, staring at Flamingo. “I would like to note here that Flamingo and Jeranda are not sharing their heart, but the responsibility of the baby…”
“…Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth,” Jeranda giggles at Flamingo.
Litisha nods with a smile and continues to tap her chest. “I do not believe the typical problems associated with a single parent house will apply within this loving environment as long as the child has two loving parents.”
“I agree,” Arie smiles with a nod.
“I do, too,” Ferdome grins with a nod.
Jeranda nods with a smile, “Me, too.”
Flamingo frowns. “I do not.”
“Shush, Flamingo!” AJ leans over with a stern face and a whisper into the cheekbone on Flamingo, sitting upright with a worried brow, staring at the new lawyer.
Litisha grins and continues to tap her chest with her fake fingernails, “Well, I feel that we all here have had an honest and informative word exchange information session regarding the best interests of the baby…”
“…. Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth,” Jeranda continues to smile at Flamingo and pats the baby inside the stroller.
Flamingo continues to stare at Litisha with a sour frown. “I am not the father.”
Litisha grins. “And I feel that everyone here is ready to provide the emotional and physical support that the baby will near for a healthy future. Even if, the parents do not become married…”
“…when hell freezes over…” Flamingo growls at the lawyer.
AJ leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Flamingo “Shush it, Flamingo!”
Litisha smiles, “The parents are not a legal set of husband and wife, but they still can take an active role in the child’s life. This action can be accomplished with ease as long as the two of you can get along like a pair of lovers and agree on how Flamingo will be involved with the baby…”
“…. Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth,” Jeranda continues to smile at Flamingo and pats the baby inside the stroller.
Flamingo continues to stare at Litisha with a sour frown. “I am not the father.”
AJ leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Flamingo “Shush it, Flamingo!”
Litisha grins. “Now, we all agree that Jeranda will possess the physical custody of the child, who lives…”
“….in my mother’s house…” Flamingo sneers.
AJ exhales, “Enough, Flamingo!”
Litisha nods. “The legal custody is shared by both of the parents. This means you share the child’s information, such as, medical records, school records, and the decisions about the baby…”
“…. Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth,” Jeranda continues to smile at Flamingo and pats the baby inside the stroller.
Flamingo sneers. “I am not the father. I don’t want any information about her son for any reason.”
Litisha nods. “Now, the responsible of the father includes the right to see your child always.”
Jeranda nods. “You can come over to my house, anytime, to see your child, Flamingo.”
“No thanks!” Flamingo growls. Arie reaches over and slaps his arm with a stern face.
Litisha grins. “Flamingo, you are responsible as the father to be involved in your child’s life and to make sure that your child is safe and well-cared for; to make sure that your child’s needs are met. And…”
AJ turns and frowns at the lawyer. “So, what’s her responsibility?”
Jeranda gasps. “I pardon your question, sir. I gave birth to his son.”
Litisha frowns, “Uh! She is the mother. She is responsible for everything.”
AJ nods. “Then, why do you need anything else from Flamingo. She gave birth to her son. She is responsible for everything for her son. So, what is left to do coming from Flamingo? He didn’t give birth to that baby.”
Arie turns and sneers at AJ. “Please forgive my fiancé over yonder! He does not have a biological child. Please continue, Miss Bachpana.”
Litisha stares at AJ with a stern face, “All right! As a new father, you are responsible for the emotional and financial well-being of your child.”
Flamingo swiftly stands upright from the loveseat cushion and tosses both arms in the air, laughing out loud. “There, she finally said it! I am responsible for the money, honey,” he slowly nods and claps his hands with a fake smile of truth. Jeranda only wants money for her baby, which happens to resemble Flamingo for some reason. 
“Sit down, Flamingo!” Arie reaches up and slaps his naked bicep with a fake smile of disappointment and embarrassment.
Litisha smiles and continues to tap her chest with her fingernails. “A child is very expensive to rise into adulthood, Flamingo.”
Flamingo sits down and stops clapping, leaning over the glass office desk, sneering at Litisha. “That’s Mr., McCory, the fourth to you, bitch. My deceased grandfather was the first McCory. My deceased father was the second McCory. My biological brother is the third McCory on the family tree. I am the fourth McCory, Breck Freehurst, lady.”
Litisha drops both hands on top of the glass that softly pings musically, “As you wish, Mr. McCory, the fourth! The better your post-graduate education, then the better your post high school job that will help you support your son, Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth.”
“That baby is not my kid or my kin or my kind, bitch.”
Litisha sneers at Flamingo. “And I prefer to be addressed as attorney, lawyer, or Miss Bachpana.”
Jeranda swiftly stands upright from the loveseat cushion and stares at the lawyer. “Litisha, I have heard nothing but deceit and angry against me and my baby…”
“…Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth….” Ferdome turns and smiles at the nose profile on Arie.
Jeranda sits back down and stares at Flamingo and then Litisha with worry in silence.
Litisha sits back with a nod and starts to tap her chest with her set of yellow tinted fingernails. “At the start, your first working job might be hard and difficult.” She looks down at the paper and then returns back with a smile at Flamingo. “But I understand that you are one of the thirteen lucky valedictorians at Lacy Springs High School, a public school system within the rural countryside of Morgan County. However, you are a smart kid and will be able to better yourself in time.”
Flamingo leans over with a smile and a whisper into the cheekbone of AJ. “Is this bitch kidding me? Or is she talking to the devil?”
AJ whispers back with a smirk. “Apparently, the bitch does not know who your mother is.”
Flamingo softly chuckles. “And let us keep it that way!”
“Agreed!” AJ nods with a smirk at the serious situation, but no person messes around with Arie Dunlap Balegreen McCory Bibb.
Litisha continues to smile and tap her chest. “Your time will be limited with a working job, attending college course, and visiting your child, but I feel confident that you can handle the matter, Mr. McCory, the fourth. Making the choice to better your person, your education, and your work job will provide better care for your child. Providing love to your child is free. However, the bottles of baby formula and the jars of baby food are not free. Earning money is the other way to love your child while helping with all of the household expenses, and displaying a good parental role model in front of your child. Thus, you are responsible for a child support check each month care for your child even if you live inside a different house. Now, I do believe that I have outlined all the responsibilities of the father, who is Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth. Four child support checks are overdue by four months, since the birth of your son. The total amount for four months rounds up into a whole number for your convenience of thirty thousand dollars.”
“Holy fucking shit!” AJ and Flamingo both shout out loud at the same time.
Arie gasps. “That is…”
“Let me get this right the first time!” Flamingo leans back into the chair with a smirk. “So, if I don’t get that first working job or if I stay home and play numerous electronic games on my game machine while drinking tons of carbonized sodas or if I only go to college and take one college class, then Cunt-face over there doesn’t receive a child support check of ten thousand dollars-per-month from me. Ain’t that right, lady attorney?”
Litisha continues to smile and taps her chest with her fingernails. “You, as a new father, cannot be expected to know everything about a baby and a family life with a newborn child. And if you make the decision to pursue one of these non-financial rewarding avenues, then you must be able to ask for fatherly assistance coming from your parent or your friend or your other family members. You should seek out a family member, who is knowledgeable about babies and the expenses of raising an infant into manhood. Is there a family member that you can seek out, Mr. McCory, the fourth?”
Arie swiftly stands upright and stares at the lawyer. “I am Flamingo’s mother.”
Flamingo stands upright from the leather chair, wearing a sour frown and a sneer. “And I am her son, Flamingo. I am not the father of that child. I am not paying thirty thousand ‘fucking’ dollars for a child that does not possess my warm red tinted blood. And I am not paying ten thousand ‘shitty’ dollars-per-month for the next seventeen years and eight months for a child that does not have my blood either. So, you go and fuck your pussy with your middle finger or with someone else’s middle finger or a wrinkled penis, lady attorney.”
Jeranda stands upright from the leather chair and holds one hand on the stroller with the baby, producing rolls of tears, sobbing with pain and disappointment at Flamingo. “What’s happening in here? I came here into the nice lawyer’s office to resolve the issue of fatherhood with the father of my child. Why are you so hostile to me and your son, Flamingo?”
Flamingo turns and jabs a finger at the baby, who sleeps in the arms of Ferdome. “I’m not the father of that kid, bitch.”
She gasps. “But, the baby looks like your face and your boyish features, Flamingo. How can you deny the blonde curls, the blue eyes and the pale skin?”
Flamingo laughs. “Easy! The baby belongs to someone else’s penis sperm, not mine, bitch attorney.”
Latish slowly stands upright from her office chair and smiles at Arie, “Well, I can see clearly that we have a new issue here.”
Flamingo turns and sneers at the lawyer. “Naw, you got a new issue here. My answer is naw. The word, naw, means no, nope, never, and no way, lady bitch number two. I am not taking a paternity test which requires my tongue spit or my dick sperm or my blood protein coming from my precious eighteen-year-old teenage body. So, go and fuck off, lady attorney! And go and fuck off, Cunt-face, too!”
“I have been insulted too many times here inside office. I am taking my baby and leaving from here,” Jeranda scoots out from the sitting chair and touches the baby stroller bar, gently spinning the baby stroller toward the closed office door, slowly moving ahead. She sobs with tears of worry and frustration.
Flamingo jabs a finger and follows her ass with a smile. “O! You have my permission to leave the tiny cow town of Lacy Springs, the great State of Alabama, the great county of America, the wonderful planet of Earth, the massive Milky Way Galaxy, and please venture beyond the universe’s boundaries into another fucking galaxy with your fucking ass baby, Cunt-face.”
The office door slams shut with a loud boom.
“I don’t think she heard that last part,” Flamingo laughs out loud with a nod at the closed door while slapping both of his dry hands, wiping off the pretend dirt with a smile.
Arie leans over with a stern face into the chest on her son as she is too short. She whispers in fury. “I have repeatedly asked you not to show off your set of redneck bad manners in front of other people, Flamingo!”
Flamingo drops both of his arms and slaps his legs with a smile. “I’m sorry, Mama. She brings out the wild tiger from my ass.” He laughs again with AJ.
Litisha exhales. “Well, I can see clearly that we have a new solution here. I do believe that you are one of three brothers, who are triplets.”
Flamingo jabs a finger and a sneer at Litisha. “Yeah, we, three triplets came from the same zygote. I know that too. And I know the answer also. Naw! My two brothers will not volunteer their tongue spit or their dick sperm or their blood protein for your dog and pony show, either. So, do not bother harassing them! Or I’ll get my own lawyer and harass your ass instead. They are still two high school seniors and a set of two minors within the greedy pair of eyeballs in the law here.”
She laughs. “Are you so certain, Flamingo?”
He nods. “Yeah, I am so shore and so certain and so absolutootly positive with my minor teenly claim, bitch lady. I know my two triple brothers. We think and look alike, but do not act alike. They will refuse like me. Like, I’d refuse if one of my brothers was in this delicate fucking situation too.”
Litisha exhales with a smirk and continues to sit behind her glass office desk, “Well then, I am hearing that Flamingo is refusing to pay child support monies for his biological baby, since he does not want to get a working job for the dough, which would have been the easier pathway for him. So, I have no other choice as the representative of my legal client but to take this matter into a court of law.”
Arie gasps in alarm. “What court of law?”
Ferdome continues to sit in the comfortable loveseat and looks up with a smile to see the chin on Arie. “O! Does that nasty word bother your pair of eardrums, Arie, dear?”
AJ sneers at the lawyer. “What legal matter, woman? What does a court of law have to do with Flamingo’s refusal of payment? Do you not possess a set of eardrums? Flamingo, he is a high school teen, without a working job that produces a weekly or biweekly paycheck of cash money. He can’t get a job without a high school diploma either. Where is Flamingo supposed to cough up thirty ‘fucking’ dollars, lady bitch attorney? Where did you get the figure of thirty ‘fucking’ dollars, lady bitch attorney?”
Litisha turns and sneers at AJ. “Who are you, sir?”
AJ nods and slaps his chest with a smile. “I’m Arie’s fiancé.”
She laughs at AJ and returns back to smile at Flamingo. “O! You are the new boyfriend and not the biological father of Flamingo. Thus, your flamboyant opinion and string of ugly curse words are totally ignored here. Now, I will ask one more time. Will you pay a child support check each month for his son, Flamingo?”
Flamingo waves both arms with a sneer, “Never, ever, foreverly!”
Litisha nods with a smile. “Then, our non-nice and unpleasant legal meeting is dismissed. I will see all of you in a court of law within a few days.”
Flamingo gasps in alarm. “My court date will come in a few days. I have a series of numerous final examinations to take at my high school. I’m graduating senior, bitch. How am I supposed to go to court and defend my ass, when I’m inside a high school classroom while taking a series of high school tests? I am only a teen, not a fucking outer space alien. I cannot be in two places at once, Mama.”
Litisha nods with a laugh. “That’s your new problem, not mine. I’ll see you in a court of law.”
AJ leans over with a smile into the cheekbone on Flamingo. “You are not required to be in the courtroom, Flamingo.”
Litisha laughs and slaps her chest. “If Flamingo does not show up inside the assigned courtroom, on the assigned day, then the assigned judge will determine paternity, without the verbal or written testimony from teenage Flamingo. Then, the assigned judge will award teenager Flamingo the title of newish father. Then, I’ll win it all. This is why God created a judge and a court to law for this delicate baby situation, when the biological father refuses to accept ownership of his wandering dick,” laughing.
AJ scoots around his chair, stops, and pulls Arie from the chair, cuddling her, exiting the office. 
Flamingo follows behind the couple and looks down at the floor, feeling angry, sadness, depression, and embarrassed.



Wednesday May 6th


City of Huntsville within the State of Alabama 
   (23 miles, northwest, from Lacy Springs)
Business office setting
Child psychologist Zolly Sterling
03:33 pm
Hot temperatures with light rain showers


After the daily school session, the triplets arrive home. Each one eats a snack and then heads upstairs, except for Flamingo.
Flamingo and Arie travel away from the ranch house inside Arie’s white tinted truck toward the law firm office in Huntsville to meet with his new teenage psychiatrist and his new civil attorney for the upcoming teenly court trial.
Inside the new office setting, a multi-colored Bohemia floor rug displays two diamond-shaped figures on the fabric that is outlined in black and beside rows of straight line. Each line alternates in the color of rose, tan, aqua and contains either a line of black tinted arrows or squares or circles. On top of the floor rug, a living room set of furniture stands on the edge a straight line while focusing on an ugly dull orange colored curvy chaise lounge chair in the middle of the room. The living room furniture consists of a long sofa in multi-color patchwork-pattern fabric in pale blue, light green, pink, white, red, yellow, and orange hues. Around the square-shaped edge on the floor rug, two individual loveseats stand in-between a single matching sitting chair with a similar multi-color patchwork-pattern fabric. On the opposite side a single loveseat lies between two sitting chair. Each furniture piece displays multi-color patchwork-pattern in pale blue, light green, pink, white, red, yellow, and orange which is slightly different from the other pieces of fabric.
The ugly dull orange colored curvy chaise lounge chair holds a petite female body frame, where her pair of yellow tinted designer sandals with a pair of neon green toenails do not reach the edge of the fabric. She wears a rose colored one-piece jumpsuit, a pair of fingerless pink tinted gloves, a pair of neon blue rimmed eyeglasses, and a smile of crooked teeth on a tone of pale skin with a pixie hair style of brownish-gray. A square-shaped wooden tray extends across her lap with a silver tinted laptop computer with the lid upright, exposing the built-in keyboard.
Three walls contain ceiling to floor undivided windows in three panels. The entrance wall displays a side entrance door and ceiling to floor book shelve that holds numerous hard copy textbooks, picture frames of family members, certificates, and other business items.
The entrance door swings open.
Flamingo stands inside the archway and laughs out loud, shading his perfect vision. “Whoa! I’m blinded by color.”
Arie shoves Flamingo through the archway with a fake smile. “Go inside and sit down, Flamingo!”
He moves ahead with a chuckle and stops, standing in front of the three sides of multi-color patchwork furniture pieces with a smile. “Wow! Another tough decision here! Which one to sit upon? They look alike but a little bitty slightly different and holds the same hue of multiple colors that continue to blind my eyeballs and my neurons.”
Arie shoves Flamingo with the same fake smile towards one of the loveseats on the edge of the row. “Sit down with me on the colorful loveseat, Flamingo.” She scoots around him and sits down, patting the soft fabric with a smile.
He moves ahead, spins around, and sits down with a smile, laughing at the whacky psychiatrist in her neon bright jumpsuit on top of her ugly, curvy orange tinted chaise lounge chair.
The psychiatrist continues to lounge inside the orange tinted chaise lounge chair and waves a fingerless gloved hand at Flamingo. “Welcome to my abode, teenager and the teenager’s mother! I’m Zolly Sterling,” She looks down and types on the laptop.
Flamingo leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Arie.  “Why is she…?”
“I do not know, Flamingo.” Arie stares with a stern face at the weird-looking psychiatrist.
“Why are we…?”
She exhales. “Your new legal lawyer has recommended an initial visit with a child psychiatrist, before her legal law meeting.”
He frowns. “I’m not a child.”
She smiles. “Hush, Middle Child!”
Zolly looks up with a smile. “Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth…”
“Flamingo,” Flamingo smiles with a nod to Zolly, “Everyone calls me by the nickname of Flamingo rather than my longer proper name.”
Zolly gasps in alarm. “Well, I’m just in time here. You…you are a teenager, almost a mature adult male as you are eighteen years old. And you are almost in the college environment setting. Why are you still called out loud by that childish name, Mr. McCory, the fourth?”
Arie sits on top of the loveseats beside Flamingo and stares with a worried brow at the weird-looking and licensed psychiatrist. “We are here…”
Flamingo slaps his chest with a stern face. “Flamingo is my nickname, not my name. I know the difference, ma’am.”
Zolly frowns. “Then why do you allow people to call you that childish name?”
He frowns. “It is not a childish name. The nickname is an honor coming from my mother.”
Zolly turns and frowns at Arie. “Ma’am, why do you insist upon calling your mature and well-spoken eighteen-year-old son by a nickname?”
Arie exhales. “He does…”
“Look!” Flamingo jabs a finger and a sneer at Zolly. “I was given a toy flamingo as a birthday gift from my mother as a small child. I loved my toy flamingo. I enjoy hugging and holding my toy flamingo as I love and care about my mother. So, my mother…”
“You are eighteen years old, young man, not young child,” Zolly flings a pink tinted fingerless gloved hand through the air with a stern face. “You should now discard any and all childish names and any and all childish ways as you move almost into the universe of mature adults without the silly…”
“We are here to discuss a different part of the psyche, Dr. Sterling.” Arie frowns at Zolly.
Zolly closes her mouth and sneers at Arie. “Which part of the teenage psyche are we studying for the day?”
Arie presses both nervous hands over her blue jeans and nods to Zolly. “Flamingo has unexpectedly learned that he is a father…”
“Naw!” Flamingo growls back at Zolly.
Arie exhales with annoyance. “What kind of life change should Flamingo expect?”
Zolly waves the same hand with a smile. “O! That’s why you are here. Finding out that you are a newish father is a scary ride, Flamingo.”
Flamingo frowns, “Naw.”
She smiles. “Being afraid is a natural reaction to any new set of immediate circumstances, Flamingo. Here, in my office setting and working with my new mental techniques, you and I will journey around and learn how to handle your set of deep and precious fatherhood feelings that will bring out the tiger-daddy in you,” she imitates a tiger growl with a smile.
Flamingo turns and whines at his mother, “Tiger-daddy! Mama!”
Arie nods with a stern face to Zolly. “Please listen, Middle Child!”
Flamingo returns back to see Zolly. Zolly nods with a smile to Flamingo. “Please answer my simple query. If you are trapped inside an enclosed room, what is your first decision?”
“Find out and shoot the gawd damn bastard with my shotgun that had knocked me unconscious and then placed my ass inside that enclosed room.” Flamingo laughs out loud.
Zolly frowns. “That is the wrong answer, young sir. Human instinct would try to find a way out of the enclosed room. This is the same situation for a newish father, who has blocked or embedded his fatherly emotions deep down into his scared manly sub-consciousness.”
Flamingo frowns, “Naw.”
“A new and unsure father is going to feel trapped like inside an enclosed room and then try to escape. Then, the new and unsure father will try to run away from the new scary situation.”
“You did that.” Arie nods with a gasp. “Flamingo, he did that. He ran away from home for two days, after the news was presented that he was a father. I didn’t know where his teen person was located. His two brothers didn’t know where Flamingo was located at either.”
Zolly smirks with a nod. “Where were you out there in hiding, Flamingo?”
He laughs. “I was out fucking one of the prettier beef cows, bitch!”
“Do you hear his vile and vicious words? Flamingo does not talk in angry to his mother. So, I am correct. A new and unsure father will run away and hide and avoid answering the ring tone on his personal mobile phone. And he will not contact any of his loving family members, when he is frightened and shocked and stunned with the news of a new baby.”
He smiles. “Maybe, I was shocked and then pissed my underwear and needed to change my jeans.”
“When a new and unsure father feels lost or out of control or overwhelmed, he will turn tail and run like Flamingo has done. And he will do again. I promise.”
Arie gasps in worry. “How can we stop this?”
Flamingo slaps his chest with a sour frown. “I’m sitting, right here, next to you, Mama. I can see and hear everything inside the multi-colored quilt-patch-patterned room of furniture, which is making my eyeballs cross,” laughing.
Zolly nods. “There is not a solution from the flinging range of normal teenly human emotions of angry and fright and scared feelings just like a little scary toddler. However, we must pursue the point of his deep and inaccessible fatherhood emotions and desires and dreams.”
“I do not dream of fatherhood, only fucking my girl,” Flamingo smiles.
Zolly gasps in alarm. “O my goodness! Is there forthcoming a new baby for the newish daddy Flamingo?”
He frowns, “No, bitch!”
Arie nods with a worried brow. “Will my middle child Flamingo resent that his has birthed a baby boy at the age of eighteen years old?”
Flamingo turns and growls at the cheekbone on Arie, “Mama, that baby boy ain’t my biological son. I’m only eighteen years old. I am not a father. I am not going to be a father, until I graduate high school, then I graduate college, and then I graduate medical school. Then I am moving back to home and opening a private physician practice and save the lives of kids, teens, young, mature, and old adults. Then I am marrying my girl Violet. Then she and I will start our own little family which will be when I am about thirty years old like my dad.”
Zolly smiles. “When a young teen male finds out that he is going to be a father, the new and fresh information is kinda frightening and scary. Is that not correct, Flamingo?”
Flamingo returns and smiles at Zolly, “Naw.”
“Each situation for the teen male is a bit different, but it ends with the same old medical result. A girlfriend had gotten pregnant by your penis and then birthed you a baby.”
Flamingo frowns, “Naw.”
“Now, you and the girlfriend could be terribly in love…”
He exhales, “Naw.”
“My only suggestion at the moment is that Flamingo and his unmarried single girlfriend need to get married. Then, their shared genes from their shared baby will grow up within a loving home. I know you are a wonderful mother as you have raised…” she looks down and types on the keyboard, reading the information on the computer screen with a smile. “…three fine boys into three young men.”
Flamingo smiles, “Naw.”
Zolly looks up with a smile to see Flamingo. “When you see the baby again, your life will change dramatically.”
He laughs. “I saw the baby. My eyeballs, my neurons, and my penis didn’t or doesn’t or won’t change, never, ever, and foreverly.”
Arie reaches over and slaps the arm of Flamingo with a stern face.
Zolly nods. “Now, you are an uneducated teenage and a fairly immature man with a big emotional plus financial problem of raising an innocent baby and supporting a teenage wife.”
Flamingo exhales. “Look! We ain’t married. We ain’t getting married. I ain’t the father to that child.”
Zolly smiles, “But, when you see the baby, something will click like magic within your mind and inside your cold black heart.”
Flamingo nods with a smile. “Yeah, it was my dick that clicked into her wet pussy that night which felt like magic. The cunt was a great fuck. That’s all!”
“When the magical change hits you, Flamingo, you will grow into a man.”
He frowns. “I’m only eighteen years old. The word, teen, means teenager. I don’t become a man until I hit the age of twenty years old. Can we leave, now, Mama? I need to go and shit out a turd from all this talk of sex and money. And I don’t wanna us the set of public bathrooms here.”
Arie exhales with worry and stares at Zolly, “What should Flamingo do here in this situation, doctor?”
Zolly lifts up the gloved hand and presents two fingerless digits. “Flamingo, you have two options available here. Once the baby is born, you will get a job, start taking a few classes in college, and then settle down as a married mature man. Or you can take the easy route out of the difficult situation. You can continue to act like a teenager and go to college while ignoring the baby, the mother of the baby, and the wishes of your mother.”
Flamingo turns and smiles at the nose profile on his mother. “What is your ultimate wish, here, Mama?”
Arie continues to stare with a worried brow at Zolly. “My wishes are not the concern here, Flamingo.”
He frowns. “I ain’t the father of that brat.”
Zolly exhales with concern. “I will not lie here for your pair of closed eardrums, Flamingo. The situation will be really difficult with your set of teeny emotions with the baby. As a married man and a new father, you will be up all night with the baby burping ritual, changing each dirty diaper, feeding the pumped breast milk. Then you will go to college to advance your person for a better paying work job. Then you will go work the next day for money to pay for more diapers, more baby formula, more food, better shelter, and all the other necessary items. Right now, you are carefree and happy.”
“Man or woman, that’s the only thing you got right, right now, silly quacking doctor!” Flamingo laughs.
Arie reaches over and slaps the naked arm on her son with a stern face.
“When you see the baby for the first time, everything will work out even, when the odds are against a teenage marriage.”
He frowns. “I ain’t marrying Cunt-face for never, ever, or foreverly.”
Zolly smiles, “You and your girlfriend will have a great relationship and marriage. Your newborn baby will be bright, happy and funny child. Life will be beautiful, Flamingo.”
He nods with a grin. “Life is great now. I don’t need a wife or a baby.”
“My professional advice for you, Mrs. McCory. If you can’t make if work with your girlfriend, then try it first. Try to be part of your child’s newborn, toddler, and teenager life. Even though, your life will be a little hard once in a while for doing that, you will regret nothing more when you reach old age and you were not part of the child’s life.”
Arie nods with a smile. “That sounds like a good plan to me, Flamingo.”
He sneers. “That smells like horse shit to me, Mama.”
Zolly nods. “As far as money goes around and around the world, a baby is expensive. However, a baby does not have to grow up with a silver spoon on top of the pink tinted tongue. There’s a lot of pressure to purchase the extra things for the child, where the child doesn’t really need or doesn’t give a two toots about.”
Flamingo jabs a finger at his psychologist. “Hey! Is that a pointed jab at me? Because, I don’t give two shit shakes about your socially sickly mentally nutty psychic advice here.”
Zolly exhales with annoyance at Flamingo. “The essentials are necessary which includes a baby crib and tons of baby clothes. Most of these items you can purchase from a second hand retail store or a garage sale, since usually a teen married couple doesn’t have a lot of expandable income. The main weekly expenses will be the baby formula and baby food and baby diapers which will run about three hundred dollars-per-month.”
Arie nods with a smile to Zolly. “Don’t worry about the baby items, Flamingo. I’ll provide for all of these items.”
He exhales. “Mama, you are a generous woman and a loving mother. But, I ain’t the father of that baby brat. You should toss Cunt-face on her fat ass in our front manicured lawn and then stay out of her cunt life.”
Zolly exhales. “I don’t mean to sound rude here, Flamingo. But, now is the time, the place, the day, and the moment for you to grow up and assume all of your manly responsibilities as a newish teen father…”
“That doesn’t make any sense, to me,” Flamingo leans over and frowns into the cheekbone on Arie. “Is she crazy, Mama?”
Arie gasps in alarm while wondering the same mental thought, whispering back, “No, dear!”
Zolly nods. “Flamingo, you must not resent the baby. Your set of angry and hateful and harmful emotions toward the young unmarried mother, you must be absolutely respectful, considerate, and civil. Do you know what the word civil means, young teen?”
He laughs. “O! You mean like the Civil War, where the US states with men and guns fought each other to death. Well, hell, yeah! I know what the word civil means back then.”
Zolly frowns. “The life of a baby is at stake here. You and your teenly actions as a newish father will be judged immediately and harshly along with the set of long-term repercussions with the teen mother, the newborn baby, and your biological mother.”
He frowns. “Mama, what’s this bitch talking about?” Arie reaches over and slaps his naked arm with a sour frown. “O! I get it now!” He laughs out loud.
Zolly exhales. “To analyze the young and new fatherhood perspective, I look at each good point from a good father. A good father makes a good living for his child.”
He exhales. “I’m only a teenager in high school.”
She frowns. “The answer is no.
Arie gasps. “O dear!”
Zolly smiles, “A good father is kind to other strange people and stray dogs.”
He frowns. “I’m nice to everyone but the mother of the child.”
Zolly frowns. “The answer is no.”
Arie gasps. “O dear!”
Zolly frowns. “A good father is easy too angry.”
He frowns. “I’m angry at the mother of the child.”
“The answer is no. So, we have found the proverbial red flag of angry. Excuse the pun! An angry issue is not easy to resolve or fix or quiet and it could lead to violence or fights or jail.”
Arie gasps with alarm. “What should we do?”
“I am, what I am,” Flamingo laughs.
Zolly nods, “Hmm! This is a toughie, girlfriend. Flamingo cannot magical become Prince Charmed overnight.”
Flamingo jabs a finger and a wink at the ugly female psychologist. “Hey! You like to read all the Quartet novels too. My favorite one-fourth is Frank.”
She nods with a smile. “That is a very intriguing statement, Flamingo. Frank Mangrove is the physician within the Quartet, who possesses a heartless soul and a controlling manner.”
He nods. “Yeah, I’m sorta like Frank, too.”
“I think that we are making some social and mental process here, Flamingo.”
He frowns. “There is not a process or a program or a procedure or a protocol or a promise to make here, girlfriend.”
Zolly smiles, “Flamingo is eighteen years old. His teenly personality is not going to change but expand into his particular range of manhood. As a matter of fact, based on his previous actions and behavior, his personality is very similar to Frank Mangrove from the Quartet. I can see and feel and receive those same air vibrations.”
Arie frowns. “Who is Frank Mangrove?”
Zolly nods. “Arie, for the sake of your son and your grandson, I challenge you to read each storyline plot from the Quartet and learn about the Frank Mangrove, where Flamingo and he share the same personality traits. You will learn about the inner workings in the mind of Flamingo with the way he treats his family members, his foes, his friends, his…”
“…homework assignments, his dog, his gun, and his car…” Flamingo laughs.
Zolly frowns. “I promise here, Arie. You will know how good of a daddy Flamingo will become after studying the in-depth personality of Frank Mangrove.”
Arie frowns, “All right!”
“I will warn you with tender caution right now. Do not let your positive motherhood cloud your wise judgment about your son. It is not fair to you, to Flamingo, or to the child. Understanding Frank Mangrove will set your mind free to see the clearer picture of your son Flamingo and his immediately mother-son relationship that will affect his and your life, foreverly.”
Arie nods, “All right!”
“I promise, Arie. You will finally see what kind of new father Flamingo will become for the rest of his days foreverly.”
Arie nods with a worried brow, “All right!” Flamingo laughs with a grin.
Zolly looks down and types on the keyboard, saying with a smile. “Our time is up,” she looks up with a smile. “I bestow a set of best wishes on you, Flamingo, and you too, Arie. I hope everything turns out well for you, Flamingo.”
“I know it will for me. I don’t know about Cunt-face and her baby, thou,” he laughs.
Zolly extends a fingerless gloved hand toward Arie with a smile, “Your present counseling session is five thousands hundred dollars. Please set up our next socially mentally appointment for next week at the same time and same weekday with my secretary inside the lobby room.”
“All right!” Arie reaches down to the floor and pulls out her personal checkbook, writing out the money check, handing the check to Flamingo.
Flamingo stands from the chair and moves ahead, slipping the paper check down into the pink tinged fingerless glove hand on Zolly, wearing a sour frown in silence. He spins around and moves ahead, stopping to assist Arie from the loveseat.  He escorts his mother toward the closed door and stops, opening the door.
She leads out into the empty hallway first. 
Flamingo pulls up beside her and leans over with a sour frown while staring ahead with a confused brow. “Is that bitch on medication, Mama?”
Arie moves beside her son and looks down, fiddling inside her handbag, “No.”
“Then, is that bitch an alcoholic?”
“No, Flamingo.”
“Then, does that bitch have a mental problem?”
“No.”
“Then, that bitch is taking an illegal drug, because she is poco local crazy, Mama.”
She looks up and exhales with annoyance at the new situation staring down the hallway through the glass exit door. “She came highly recommended for treating teens and young adults with a set of anxiety and depression problems.”
He frowns. “And she came highly recommended that you read a violent book where the series is known as the Quartet. The Quartet is a set of four adult men, who represent a set of four billionaire non-related brothers, which is set of fun fictitious four characters in a book, Mama.”
“O!” She frowns.
He smiles with a nod. “But, I got all of the Quartet novels for your reading pleasure. So, you can read them tonight and over the next few days. Some of the novels are long and takes a few nights to complete. You might enjoy them, if you like sex, love, hate, murder, violence…”
She stops and turns with a gasp, staring at the nose profile on Flamingo. “How are you able to read that type of nasty literature, without my motherly permission? How were you able to purchase that type of nasty literature, without my motherly permission?”
He continues to slowly move ahead and laughs out loud. “You give your first birth son your motherly permission, when he kindly asked, but naughty didn’t explain the set of cool books that he ordered on the internet with your credit card, one day, a long, long time ago.”
She races ahead and pulls up beside Flamingo, wearing a sour frown, staring at the glass doors. “O! Then, I speedily need to speak with my first born triplet, this evening.”
“Yeah, you go and get onto Breck’s ass, now, Mama!” he laughs out loud again and stops, opening the door for his mother.
They slowly exit the building and move ahead toward her truck, sliding inside, driving two miles down the roadway toward the new lawyer’s office.


Law Firm building location
   (Three miles, south, from psychiatrist building)
Business office setting
New lawyer Toluene Winterwood
04:33 pm


The office entrance door is open.
A petite adult female wears a solid white business suit of jacket and skirt, a black tinted turtleneck, a pair of black tinted sandals, displaying a head of short blonde colored hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of pale skin. She stands inside the archway, extending a hand and a smile to Arie and then Flamingo. She shakes each hand with a nod. “Hello. I am Toluene Winterwood,” she releases Flamingo’s hand and then scoots sideways with a smile. “Come inside, Arie and Flamingo! I’m so glad that you contacted me,” she slides toward a solid white executive office desk of six feet without a single piece of paper or a business telephone on top of the flat shiny surface.
Three of the walls contain ceiling to floor windows that exhibit downtown Huntsville. The outside view displays a grassy park, a low stream of water, and pods of shade trees. Her office desk lies on the entrance wall which faces the three walls of windows within the corner building. Behind her office desk and her rear skull head, a wall of solid white paint stands lonely without a single book shelf or a metal or wooden filing cabinet. She sits down and places both cupped hands on top of the empty desk surface.
Arie leads sideways and sits down within a row of three oversized chairs in solid black leather. Flamingo sits next to his mother Arie.
Toluene nods with a smile. “Everyone here at the law firm was wondering which the talented and lucky lawyer would be representing your son at his upcoming paternal court hearing.”
Arie continues to sit and fakes a smile in silence. She is not happy about a court of law hearing regarding her son with the mother of his child. She was hoping for a simple joint custody agreement between the two teenagers. AJ had warned Arie before meeting Jeranda’s nasty greedy lawyer. Flamingo is mad and will not surrender any of his teenly rights. 
She exhales with a fake smile. “Well, you won. I had worked with you before with a farm issue. You were very professional, friendly, and assertive with my legal case. Also, Toluene is a graduate of Lacy Springs High School. She used to live in Lacy Springs, Flamingo.”
“Yes, I did. I’m a cowgirl too. Thank you, Arie.” Toluene turns and nods at Flamingo. “All of your worries, concerns, and fears about fatherhood are completely normal, Flamingo. You and she do not have to marry, ever. I would prefer that loving act also for any two teens with a baby. However, you are not alone. You have your mother and your family members to support you and your life decisions also. So, always remember that. Now, you are the father of an unplanned baby coming out from that Cunt-mother…”
Flamingo leans over with smile and a whisper into the cheekbone of his mother Arie. “I like her.”
Arie stares at the lawyer with a slight smirk, “Me, too!”
Toluene smiles. “Flamingo, you have been presented with two options. You can set for paternity blood test or you can go to jail…”
“What?” Arie gasps in alarm.
Toluene laughs. “I’m just joshing here. I like to see the immediate reactions of my new clients. That act provides me with numerous actions and gives me information about your two hidden personalities. Anyways, this is a very mild offense, Flamingo.”
Flamingo sneers with annoyance. “There is a not mild offense. I am not a criminal here. There is not a crime here.”
Toluene nods with a smile. “You do not want to set and test for fatherly paternity.
He nods. “I am not providing my blood proteins or my tongue spit or my dick urine for a fatherly paternity test.”
She frowns. “The easier pathway…”
“The easier pathway, for me, is going to a court trial. I am innocent as the ancient axiom states,” he laughs. 
Toluene nods. “So, you and I are going to sit and see the local circuit judge inside a real courtroom setting there in Lacy Springs. Now, if you win or don’t win, then you can say goodbye to twenty percent of your annual income for the next eighteen years. You’re eighteen years old now, Flamingo. That means you’ll be thirty-six years old before you can have one hundred of your annual earned income back.”
Flamingo frowns at the lawyer. “But I’m a high schooler. I don’t have a working job for a paycheck of any money income. I haven’t even graduated high school yet. I don’t possess an income to pay for anything but a cup of water from the local creek stream.”
She exhales. “How expensive is it to raise a newborn in the world? The cost of a baby into adulthood tends to consume all available income and sometimes more, like this instant.”
Arie nods with a smile. “Don’t worry about the cost. I can handle that part of it.”
Toluene nods. “Flamingo, you have a choice about how much responsibility you wanna assume here.”
Arie nods with a smile. “That sounds good, to me.”
Flamingo whispers. “That smells like horse shit to me.”
Toluene nods. “Actually, you and Cunt-mother have a choice here. Where is the mother of the child located?”
Flamingo sneers. “She is not here or with me ever!”
Toluene nods. “If the Cunt-mother does not want to take on the responsibility of her maternal care, she could consider adopting the baby out to another family…”
“Absolutely not!” Arie snarls. “That suggestion is not going to be pursued here or there or anywhere. Do you understand me, Toluene?”
“Yes ma’am,” Toluene nods with a stern face. “You are my client. It was unlikely you could have forced the mother to abort the baby as she had delivered a healthy baby boy based on the electronic paperwork inside my personal mobile telephone, which is not located on top of my desk. Also, I hold numerous electronic medical tests which indicate the baby boy is her child, but not your child, Flamingo. And it is equally unlikely that the mother can force you to be a good father, if you don’t want the fatherly job. So, now, you and the mother simply have to decide where the child lives and how much of your life is involved with the baby. If you decide to participate in the baby’s life and accept all responsibility for the tiny infant, you will expense your time, your money, your flexibility, and your sanity. You will place your person second to a screaming ball of soft flesh and bone more often than the eardrums will able to stand. And you must sacrifice all of your fun social relationships and commitments while navigating around the Cunt-mother’s all night affairs with the burping, the diaper changes, and the midnight feedings of the baby.”
Flamingo laughs. “That sounds like so much fun for the Cunt-mother.”
“If you decide to bail on the Cunt-mother…”
“Yeah,” Flamingo nods with a smile. “Now, I really like that idea.”
“If you decide to bail out of the current baby situation with the Cunt-mother, you will give up your fatherly relationship with the baby, if you sign away custody also. However, you will have to part the Red Sea with some money, honey.”
Arie gasps in shock. “I do not like that idea, honey.”
Toluene nods. “Flamingo, you can be a bad father…”
Arie gasps in alarm. “I beg your pardon.”
“If you decide to part the roadway in half with the Cunt-mother and baby boy, then you may feel guilt and disapproval coming from all others, especially some of your family members, if the baby is liked as an adorable tike.”
“I don’t believe so.” Flamingo laughs.
“With the birth of an infant boy hanging around the local grocery store for baby diapers, you will always have this child connected to you and your family which will come to bear on any future romantic relationship with another single or married woman,” Toluene winks at Flamingo.
Flamingo laughs with a smile. “No, it won’t. My girl Violet and I are very secure in our love relationship.”
Toluene gasps in alarm, “O mine! Is there going to be a second baby later in the year?”
Flamingo stands upright from the chair with a sneer. “What in the fuck did you say, bitch?”
“I was just joshing with you, honey. Sit down, Flamingo!” She waves a hand with a smile. “My next to the last statement is true either way. I would suggest that you and the baby should try to have a functional and active father-son relationship within your long lush and rich life as opposed to some dark hole where the devil-man lives and haunts your wet dreams…”
“What in the fuck does that mean?” He frowns.
She laughs. “In any legal law case, if you bail out of the baby situation, the choice is absolutely your personal teenly decision. You won’t have to resent the baby at all, if you do not resent your person that caused this problem. Well, it was your penis that caused this issue,” laughing.
“My penis didn’t do anything here but enjoy her wet pussy. And I ain’t the father of that baby.” He sneers.
“As long as you realize that this is your choice to decide here, Flamingo. Perhaps, you are experiencing some deep water wells of disapproval coming from a family member or two, but make no mistake, which you did anyway, you got the power here to decide your own future life, not your mother or your brothers or your grandmother. I happen to know elderly Mrs. McCory also.”
He nods with a grin. “I don’t have a decision to make here. I am not the father of the child.”
“I would like to point out here. I am required as a legal lawyer of paternity and custody law cases, the reward of having a baby is rich, but you are rich indeed. You will always hear a bragging parent gush about how great their child is in school, in sports, and in life. With wonderment, your baby could be one of those superstars like the superstar quarterback in high school. So, if you decide to parent the baby, then you might be grateful and happy too.”
He nods. “I am not the father of the baby. I wish the baby a full time of happy time, thou.”
Toluene frowns. “My last point here, do not be fooled into thinking that she is giving you your freedom here by signing away your portion from the baby custody rights. Your freedom is yours to do with as you wish, and when you sign away your custody rights, you are giving something up. The something is what she and you decide in return for your freedom, Flamingo.”
Arie frowns. “I believe that my family members need to talk about the signing away the baby custody rights here. I want to see my grandson.”
He turns and sneers into the nose profile on Arie. “That baby is not your grandson, Mama. That baby is not my child, Mama.”
Toluene nods with a smile. “Good luck making your permanent decision! Now, if you want me to become your permanent legal lawyer for the upcoming permanent court trial, I need a retainer of money to represent Flamingo as my new legal client.”
“Yes, of course!” Arie reaches down into her handbag and pulls out her personal checkbook, placing the item on top of the empty white tinted shiny office desk. “Tell me the amount of legal retainer fee.”
“One hundred thousand dollars,” she smiles with a nod.
Flamingo leans back and crosses his arms with a soft sneer at the lady lawyer.
After Arie writes her personal check and slides over the desk, she stands with the assistance of Flamingo. They quietly leave the office while wondering the upcoming court trial in silence.



Thursday May 7th


McCory Cow Ranch location
Hot temperatures with light rain and clouds
Belle parlor room setting
12:31 pm


Inside the parlor room, Arie is stretched out on top of pink tinted sofa hiding her face inside a hard copy novel of pressed words on crème tinted paper.
AJ slowly opens the door and peeks inside, seeing Arie on top of the sofa, moving ahead with a smile. “Why are hiding in here? What are you doing in here, Arie?”
She continues to lie on the sofa and scans the page with a smile. “I’m reading.”
He stops and kneels down by the pink tinted sofa with a smile. “What are you reading, dear?”
“The Quartet.”
He gasps in shock. “Why are reading one of the Quartet books? Where did you get that Quartet novel?”
“Flamingo’s new psychiatrist recommended reading the Quartet novels to understand my son Flamingo. My triplets had purchased the intriguing books with my permission when Breck has ordered them with my credit card. Breck had not bothered to explain the contents inside the book, only the fun adventure.” She continues to stare at the page and jabs a fingernail at the book. “I am analyzing the character that is Frank Mangrove in this book. He loves his wife and spends massive amount of time with his three non-biological brothers. His non-blood related family members all love and care for him. Frank loves and cares for his family members by killing any and all foes also. Frank is a billionaire, so he provides for his wife, who is he only family. Frank is not physically abusive or verbally mean to any of his family members. But, woe, boy, if you are his foe, then you are in a grave somewhere in Miami sands. Frank makes me feel safe. And I found that Frank and his three non-related brothers and his entire Quartet would be fun to hang around and become a family member too. Frank does not drink too much alcohol but enjoys a glass of wine or a cup of hot tea, not green colored. He detests the use of drugs and he is licensed as a medical physician. Frank does not argue but debates quite a lot with his Quartet brother Tom Sawyer, which creates numerous funny situations. Frank would make an excellent father, one day. As a matter of fact, the sequencing of the story line is to find Austin a wife, so the Quartet can create the new band of brothers.”
He smiles. “So, what is your final conclusion about the Quartet novels and Frank Mangrove?”
She smiles. “Well, I’ve finished reading all the books. But, if Flamingo’s true teenly personality is anything like fictitious fake Frank’s personality, then Flamingo will love his family, support his good friends, have a great relationship with his mother and will love to be a biological father without any stress or nervousness.”
He nods. “I don’t understand why his psychiatrist recommended reading this book of four fictitious characters.”
“Because, she had pegged Flamingo through is tough façade. He will be a good father.
He smiles. “Yes, Flamingo is going to be a good father, when he is ready. So, what else are you going to do today?”
She tosses the book against the cushions and then swiftly stands upright from the sofa, dashing ahead with a smile. “I am running off to see my grandson.”
AJ slows stands upright from the floor and leans down, grabbing one of the Quartet novels, sitting down on top of the pink tinted sofa. He finds and opens the first book to the first page, reading in silence with a smile, “All right! Enjoy your visit, Arie!”
Arie will stay until late in the evening with Jeranda and the baby. The triplets are in school during the day session until three pm and then will return back home.
At 03:03 pm inside the entrance hall, the entrance doorbell chimes in a low musical tone.
Inside the belle parlor room, AJ tosses the fourth novel from the Quartet series down onto the pink fabric with a smile and then stands upright from the sofa. No one is home but him. He moves out the parlor room and stands in front of the entrance door. The set of double doors are made of solid cherry wood without a peek hole for peeking at the new guest. AJ is not afraid of a robber or a burglar as he is armed with a hidden hand pistol for protection. But he is curious to the new visitor at the McCory Cow Ranch. His fiancé Arie had not mentioned that she was expecting company today.
Inside the entrance hall, he reaches over and opens the door, staring down at the blonde hair roots on a petite female. “Hello.”
She marches inside with a smile and stops a few feet inside the entrance hall, surveying the large room. “Hello. I am Flamingo’s lawyer, Toluene Winterwood. Is Arie home?”
On top of the driveway, the white pickup truck slams the set of brake pads and halts in the middle of the yellow colored brick driveway. Arie dashes out the vehicle and leaves the door open, rushing into the entrance hallway, stopping beside Toluene. “Hello, Toluene! Why are you here at my home right now? Is something wrong?”
On top of the driveway, three vehicles skid to a halt and park behind Arie’s white tinted pickup truck, dashing out from the driver’s seat for the emergency also, entering the open door. Flamingo, Breck, and Cinco stop and surround Arie in shock.
Breck exhales with worry. “What’s going on here? Who are you?”
Toluene slaps her chest and slowly spins around to see the triplets with a smile, stopping in front of Arie again. “I am Flamingo’s lawyer. I drove out to tell you that the court trial is set on Thursday, the seventeenth of May starting at eight o’clock sharp.”
Breck leans over and smiles into the cheekbone of Flamingo. “She looks like our mama,” he stands upright and nods at the lady lawyer.
Flamingo nods with a smile. “Yeah, she does,” then he frowns with a whisper. “Yeah, she does.”
Toluene nods. “Flamingo is required to attend the court trial session on the seventeenth of May. There will only be the judge, the Cunt-mother, her mother, the baby, and Flamingo and his family members. I wanted to see…”
“Why isn’t Flamingo getting a jury trial with a set of peer jurors as a defendant?” Cinco frowns.
Toluene turns and smiles at Cinco. “This is a paternity case, not a criminal case. Which triplet are you?”
Cinco slaps his chest with a stern face and a nod. “Flamingo is an American citizen. He has a right to a trial with his peers,” he reaches over and snatches up the legal law textbook from the pair of cupped hands on his brother Breck, shuffling through the pages and stops, reading out loud from the book. “The right to a speedy trial for a defendant had been derived from a provision of the Magna Carta. That same legal language had been incorporated into the Virginia Declaration of Rights of 1776 which eventually was created into the Sixth Amendment for each American citizen. The Sixth Amendment to the US Constitution guarantees a person accused of a criminal wrongdoing the right of a speedy trial…”
“Flamingo is not a criminal.” Toluene turns and frowns at the blonde locks on Cinco.
Cinco looks up to see Toluene and jabs a finger up at the ceiling with a sneer. “But Jeranda is the criminal here that is causing a crime and stealing Flamingo’s body, his time, his resources, and his money. Flamingo is innocent as the father of the baby.”
“Yeah! Yeah! Tell her, Cinco!” Flamingo nods with a smile of hope.
AJ nods with a smile in silence and turns to see Arie. Arie stands in place and wears her handbag over a shoulder, crossing her arms with a stern face at her baby triplet son Cinco.
“Well, this is really weird and usual.” Toluene frowns with caution at Flamingo.
“Well, this is Flamingo’s life with is not weird or usual, not yours. The Sixth Amendment guarantees a speedy trial and a public trial and a jury of his peers,” Cinco slaps the law textbook with a nod and a stern face to Toluene.
“Well, this is correct,” she nods.
“And Flamingo is going to see all of the eyewitnesses against his claim of innocence, isn’t he?” He nods with a stern face.
“Yes.”
“And Jeranda is getting on the witness stand to testify against flamingos, isn’t she?”
“Yes.”
“Then Flamingo has his story to tell the judge. And Jeranda has her story to tell the judge.”
“Yes.”
 “Then Flamingo has the right to a speedy and public trial with his fellow peers as he proclaims is innocence, not guiltiness of fatherhood.”
“Not really, young sir! Flamingo will be either rewarded or not rewarded the father of the baby.”
Cinco sneers at Toluene. “Flamingo is not the father of that baby. Don’t you possess a pair of eardrums? I can see a protruded earlobe on the side of your face. If he is awarded the fatherly role by the judge, then he will be served a guilty, because Flamingo has been shouting up to heavens that he is not guilty of fatherhood. Isn’t that right, Toluene?”
“Well, yes!”
Cinco exhales. “So, Flamingo’s personal claim and words should be heard by a jury of his peers, his high school classmates, who are teens and his age and who understand a teen’s mind. An adult judge does not understand a teen’s mind, only a teen. So, Flamingo should get a public trial with a jury of teens, not an adult judge. As he is shouting innocent, not guilt, isn’t that right, Toluene?”
“Well, yes.”
He nods with a smile. “Excellent! Flamingo will receive a jury trial with a jury of his teenly peers, yeah.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Flamingo nods with a smile to Toluene.
AJ nods with a smile to Toluene. “I agree with Cinco. Can you make this happen for Flamingo, Toluene?”
Toluene gasps in shock. “Yes. Yes, Yes, I can. I…I need to go and talk to the judge at the Lacy Springs courthouse today. I’m from here also. Flamingo is from here. Yes, yes, yes, I need to leave and talk to the judge. Arie, I need to mention here that a court of law comes with a cost of providing the paperwork for a court reporter, court bailiff, and other court employees that the judge wants inside her or his courtroom. Usually, the loser of the court trial is required to pay the court costs. However, this idea is really different for me to explain to the judge here at the Lacy Springs courthouse.”
Arie turns and nods to the Toluene. “I understand. I agree with my son Cinco. Flamingo deserves a court trial with a group of teen jurors, not a gang of adult jurors.”
Cinco taps on the stolen legal law textbook with a smile. He had stolen the textbook from Breck’s room during the night, when his brother had been sleeping peacefully on top of the bed mattress. Cinco had scanned and read some of the more important sections inside the thick textbook. He nods with a stern face to Toluene. “I read all the information inside this book. I remember one particular law case. In the court trial of Zedner versus the United States, in the year 2006, the Supreme Court determined that a defendant cannot waive his right to a speedy trial. Because the speedy trial concept protects all parties involved in a court trial case to ensure that no one party’s interest is being implicated. So, Flamingo should get a speedy and public trial with a jury of his peers of teens, not peers of adults to protect his interest of a non-fatherhood case. Isn’t that right, lady attorney?”
Toluene nods with a smile. “You are very well informed, young man. Are you planning to become a legal lawyer in college?”
“I’m the lawyer here,” Breck reaches over with a sneer and steals back the textbook from Cinco, cuddling the book into his chest, nodding with a smile at Toluene. “I plan to become the lawyer in the family. I’m graduating college and enrolling in law school,” he turns and smiles at Arie. “Mama, if Flamingo receives a real jury of his teen peers, can I sit at the defendant table inside the courtroom? I will learn about law, lawyers, and the legal system.”
Arie drops her arms and nods with a smile to Breck. “I don’t see why not. Is that okay with you, Toluene?”
Toluene back steps from the huddle and nods numerous times to Arie, who is the paying client. “Yes, yes, yes, we can do that. Right now, I…I must leave and go and talk with the local judge about Flamingo’s new court of law trial case and get permission for the box of teen jurors. Can you walk and talk with me about this new legal matter, Arie?”
Arie smiles, “Yes, I’ll escort you outside and toward your car. Your car is parked in front of my truck. You can continue around the half-circular drive and go around the other three vehicles, traveling back toward the main roadway. Is that a problem?”
Toluene moves ahead with a smile. “No ma’am! Now, I need…”
Arie and Toluene exit the house and continue to talk, slowly moving toward the light green tinted sports car that belongs to the lawyer.
Inside the house at the entrance hallway, the entrance door is open. AJ stands in place and nods with a smile, “That…that was brilliant, Cinco. I never thought about getting a jury of teen peers for Flamingo’s upcoming trial, where each teen can sway the verdict to his side.”
“I did.” Breck nods with a smile and cuddles the legal law book. “I just didn’t get to mention it before Cinco did.”
Cinco spins around with a smile and moves with Flamingo down the narrow semi-dark hallway toward the kitchen for snacks, before the dinner meal. “Then, why didn’t you say so, Brick Brain?”
AJ and Breck follow behind Cinco and Flamingo. Breck cuddles his textbook with a frown. “I didn’t have my legal law book. You stole it from my hands, Cinco.”
Flamingo laughs with a nod. “That’s a very poor excuse, there, Law Man.”
Cinco frowns. “He ain’t no Law Man or a lawyer or a Quartet brother Tom Sawyer. Breck, he’ll be lucky that he’s not wearing a wheelchair over his butt-hole throughout his set of college days, once he fights with the bigger boys in college football.” He elbows with Flamingo and as they both laugh out loud.
Breck sneers. “I played in football game too. I assisted in winning the high school national championship game here in Alabama for my school Lacy Springs High. Tell him, again, Flamingo!”
“Flamingo doesn’t need to tell me nothing. I was there. I blocked your ass from all these nasty defensive linemen. And we all worked together and then won the high school national championship game for Lacy Springs High School as a team, not just you, Brick Brain,” Cinco enters the kitchen with a laugh, stops, and slides down into one of the chairs at the breakfast table, reaching out for a set of snacks. He opens the packages and crams the food in his mouth, chewing with an open mouth.
Flamingo stops and slides down into one of the empty chairs beside Cinco, reaching out, grabbing the snacks. He eats in silence.
Breck stops and slides down on the other side of Cinco, placing the textbook on top of the wooden table surface, reaching out to the snacks with a smile. He eats the food and opens the book, reading the words in silence.
AJ stops and slides down into the last chair at the breakfast table, reaching out, grabbing a snack before the dinner meal. He opens the package with a nod. “If Toluene is successful with the assigned judge…”
“Do you know her?” Flamingo mouth spits his chewed food particles across the table and stares at AJ.
AJ shakes his black tinted hair. “No.”
Flamingo swallows the food. “Mama said Toluene had lived here and graduated from Lacy Springs High also, a fellow pigeonian.”
AJ smiles, “I’m a little older than your mother and I have not lived here in Lacy Springs during my youth. I was reared in a smaller town of Athens,” he eats the snack with a set of good manners.
Cinco mouth spits his chewed food particles across his plate, his hands, and the tables, staring at AJ. “So, is Toluene the best lawyer for Flamingo?”
AJ swallows the food and nods with a grin. “I do believe so. Toluene lived and graduated from Lacy Springs High School. And she knows the folks that live here. If she can get a jury of peers for Flamingo, then Flamingo will have a fighting chance of winning his court trial case. The key is the picking the right jury panel.”
Cinco swallows the food and nods with a smile. “Yeah, they do that on television. The right jurors always sway for the innocent man, which is Flamingo.”
“Here! Here!” Flamingo lifts up the food snack and smashes the item with Cinco’s food snack and as they both laugh out loud. Then they both eat the snack.
Breck flips the pages inside the book and stops, reading out loud. “Here! I found the chapter about jury selection process. Jury selection is a method to pick out the people who will serve on a jury trial. The jury pool is selected first from among the community member. A jury list comes from a collection of each voter registration card and driver license identification renewals.”
Flamingo nods with a smile. “That’s good! Good! The teens at our high school starting in the tenth grade have a driver license. So, we pick from them.”
Cinco laughs. “No, we pick our twelve devoted friends, who really love Flamingo.”
“Yeah! Yeah!” Flamingo mouth spits his chewed food particles across his plate, his hands, and the table.
Cinco slaps his chest and mouth spits his chewed food particles through the air. “We select me…”
“You need to read more about the jury selection process,” AJ smiles.
“Why?” Flamingo frowns.
“What for?” Cinco frowns.
Breck continues to stare down at the open page and reads out loud. “From the jury list, a summons is mailed to each person, who might be the potential juror.”
Flamingo gasps in alarm. “We can’t do that. We don’t have time. My court trial is next Thursday, not next month or next year or never ever with a happy ending for me.”
Breck reads out loud. “A panel of jurors arrives inside the courtroom. Then the prospective jurors are randomly selected to sit in the jury box. Each prospective jury will be questioned in court by each attorney. Then the questioned juror is asked a set of general questions and must answer with a verbal response. Then both the prosecution and the defense attorney can object to the juror. There is no justification given to exclude a specific juror.”
“Wow!” Cinco eats more snacks.
Breck looks up and shakes his skull. “That’s tough shit now! The prosecution lawyer will object to you being inside the jury box and voting for your brother, Cinco. I’m going to sit beside the lawyer and learn her moves,” laughing.
Flamingo nods. “Cinco can’t be a juror, but I have lots of friends that will. There is my girl Violet, your girl Babbie, Breck’s girl Cilla, Acton and his girl Messi, Brett and his girl Fannie, Doyle, Yancy, and Retta Jean. That’s ten. We only need two more to fill up our jury box.”
Cinco nods. “We fill the rest of the jury box with our fellow, friendly football players. Flamingo won the national football championship for us.”
Breck frowns. “Hey! I played backup quarterback and I played kicker too. I helped too…”
“…with Breck,” Cinco laughs out loud and mouth spits his chewed food particles. “Are you happy now, Brick Brain? Do you need a comfort puppy or an ice cream cone of chocolate?” He laughs with Flamingo.
Breck frowns.
Cinco nods. “So, before our dinner meal, tonight, Breck will call up and contact each one of our friends and tell each one that he or she is invited to the jury selection day. What day is that?”
AJ swallows the food. “The jury selection day is usually one or two days before the actually court date.”
Cinco nods. “Breck, tell each one of our friends that Flamingo is going to court on Thursday, the seventeenth of May and fighting for his right not-to-be a father. And we need their individual help to accomplish this nasty goal.”
“Shore!” Breck nods with a smile.
Flamingo nods. “Now, I have a plan to win it all!” each triplet lifts an open palm and performs a high-five while splattering food crumbs over the table, the food plates, and the floor with a set of chuckles.
AJ continues to eat and shakes his skull with a smirk. The triplets will learn about the adult world from the upcoming court trial case.



Six days later…


Wednesday May 13th


Lacy Springs court house
Warm temperatures with cloudy skies
Court room setting
08:08 am


The courtroom is a square-shaped room which is completed paneled in red colored walnut walls without a viewing glass window of sunshine and includes a judge’s bench, an eyewitness box, and a defense and a prosecution individual wooden table plus the usual jury box. The ceiling is covered in matching red tinted walnut wood which matches the courtroom floor.
The entire large room makes a person feel depressed and entrapped without a single viewing glass window that exhibits the bright sunlight and pods of shade trees with the nest of happy jumping squirrels.
Flamingo slams open one of the double closed doors with a smile and enters into an empty courtroom a few minutes after eight o’clock on a beautiful morning, moving a few feet down the narrow aisle of red tinted walnut planks, halting with a gasp of shock.
Inside the court gallery, behind the prosecution table of matching red tinted walnut wooden, three individuals stand in a row without sitting down on top of the matching red tinted walnut bench seat. A black tinted baby stroller with a sleeping three-month-old baby is parked beside the last individual, who is Ferdome Exvanire, the mother of eighteen-year-old Jeranda.
Cinco moves ahead with a sour frown and gently collides into the back spine on his brother Flamingo, shoving them toward the opposite side of the room, the defendant table.
Flamingo moves through the small flap door and stops to face the beautiful naked wooden table, waiting on Breck and his lawyer Toluene, tapping a pair of nervous hands on top of the polished wood. Cinco stands beside him and turns to see the doorway.
Breck and Toluene enter and move ahead through the flap door, stopping at the defendant’s table. Cinco scoots sideways and slides over the bench seat first, sitting in the last spot. Flamingo slides over and sits beside Breck.
Breck sits down and then leans into the cheekbone on Toluene while asking a set of whispering questions.
Toluene eye rolls and then stares down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone while slowly answering with an annoying one-word response.
AJ escorts Arie enter into the court room in silence and stops, sitting in the first row behind the court galley.
On the prosecution table, Litisha Bachpana, the lawyer for Jeranda sits in front of the end chair, which is also called “first chair” for the fighting attorney on the legal law team. She displays a queen-sized body frame, a tone of dark skin, and a purple tinted short hair on black hue, wearing a solid pale blue colored business suit in a matching jacket and a pair of trousers, a dark purple blouse, and a set of pearl accessories on her neck and her earlobes. She leans over and bumps her forehead with her client Jeranda. A black tinted baby stroller stands at the end of the shared bench seat beside Ferdome.
Ferdome stares down into the baby stroller and extends a hand, gently touching the head or the stomach on the sleepy baby. The baby is wrapped in a blue blanket and enjoys his slumber.
On the defendant’s table, Breck turns and scans the naked but polished wood on the table, surveying the floor and then the nose profile on Toluene. He leans over and scans the wooden table for the prosecution team, seeing a row of neatly stacked piles of papers on top of the hard surface. He returns back and rubs both hands over the naked wood, turning to see the nose profile on Toluene again, whispering with puzzlement. “Where is your set of your working papers and books and notebooks for the jury selection procedure? Sometimes, a lawyer uses a witness expert to assist with the systemically choosing of the jury members. Where is your witness expert?”
She continues to smile and types on the tiny keyboard, staring down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone. “A few decades ago, the use of expert assistance to scientifically select a jury had proven too controversial, because of fears that it gives a lawyer the ability to ‘fix’ the jury box for a sure-fire court trial victory. Thus, you have ‘empanelled’ your own army of court jurors by calling up your socially acceptable teenly friends from your local high school. When your set of twelve friends finally arrives here in the courtroom, I will select all of them for the jury box. Then, we are done for the day. Tomorrow, we’ll be really busy with the active court trial.”
He frowns. “Will the prosecution attorney resist or refuse or rebuttal your legal action?”
She continues to smile down at the screen on her mobile telephone. “No. Flamingo is getting a jury of teen peers as per the assigned circuit court judge. If your set of twelve teen peers ever shows up here, then twelve teen peers will be selected.”
On the forward red tinted wooden panel wall, a large dark skinned male adult in a tan colored uniform with a bald skull moves from the corner wall, stops, stands in the middle of the courtroom, floor, staring at the set of closed double entrance doors with a stern face. “Court is now in session. Please stand for Judge Julia.” In the audience section, each teen slowly stands or either lifts a butt-hole from the padded chair like the student is standing upright, wearing a smile and softly chuckling while staring at the side door on the forward wall.
On the forward wall, where the judge’s bench stands, a side door slowly opens and reveals a tall and plump adult older female, who wears a long black satin robe over her figure. She scoots sideways and enters the bench for the judge, sitting down, slapping her gravel against the polished wood. She displays a head of black colored hair, a tone of dark skin, and a pair of brown eyeballs, staring at an empty row of pew benches inside the audience section. “I am Judge Julia. You will address me as Judge Julia or Judge or Your Honor or ma’am here inside my courtroom. This is not your courtroom. We are gathered here to select a jury for the court trial on tomorrow morning at eight o’clock. However, I am not seeing rows of prospective jurors for the jury box inside the audience section. Where is the group of prospective jurors? What’s going on here, Attorney Toluene?”
At the defendant’s table, Toluene continues to sit beside Breck and stares down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone with a smile, sending out a text message, saying with confusion. “I am not certain either, Judge Julia. I was told that there will be a set of prospective jurors here creating a jury box for the court trial this morning at eight o’clock also.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia exhales. “I can wait two more minutes here. Else, we will all meet tomorrow morning at ten o’clock and begin the court trial, without a jury box.”
on the defendant’s table, sitting in-between his brothers, teenly defendant Flamingo leans over with worry and whispers into the cheekbone on Breck. “Did you call our friends?”
Breck whips out his personal mobile telephone and types on the tiny keyboard, sending a text message to his friend Doyle, “Yeah.”
“Are they coming here, right now?”
“Yeah!”
“Where are they, right now?”
Breck continues to stare down at the tiny screen on his mobile telephone. “I don’t know.”
On the prosecution table, Litisha slowly stands upright from the shared bench seat and scoots sideways, moving ahead and stops in the middle of the empty courtroom floor. She looks up and stares at the judge with a smile, “Your Honor, as we wait for the rows of potential jurors to arrive here at the courthouse, I would like to introduce my clients.”
Her client Jeranda slowly stands upright from the shared wooden bench and scoots sideways, moving ahead, stopping beside her lawyer Litisha. She nods to the judge in silence.
Litisha nods. “This is Jeranda Exvanire. She is eighteen years old and is a newish mother.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia nods with a smile at Jeranda in silence without words or actions or praise or comments.
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo continues to sit and frowns at the back spine on Jeranda, whispering between the two heated bodies on each one of his two brothers. “What in the fuck is she doing?”
Breck leans over and frowns at the back spine on Litisha, saying to Toluene. “Litisha is introducing the baby to the judge. Is this legal, Toluene?”
“This entire court of law is not legal.” Toluene looks up and smiles at the row of two adults and one baby client.
Cinco stares at the ass on Jeranda and loudly whispers into the eardrums on Toluene. “Then, do something, Toluene? The baby is cute and will change the mind on the judge.”
Toluene looks down and types on the tiny keyboard of her mobile telephone. “This is a common legal ploy. Each newish mother uses it. Don’t sweat ants!”
At the prosecution table, Ferdome sits and scoots off the bench, grabbing the baby stroller, slowly pushing the stroller toward the judge’s bench also.
Litisha thumbs back over her collar bone with a smile at the baby stroller and Ferdome. “Finally, this is Ferdome Exvanire. She is the newish grandmother of three-month-old baby boy Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia nods with a smile at Ferdome.
At the defendant’s table, Flamingo continues to sit and frowns at the big ass on Jeranda. “Can’t you stop her from using my name?”
Cinco frowns at the back spine on Litisha. “Can’t you stop her from using my name also?”
Breck frowns at the back spine on Jeranda. “Can’t you stop her from using my name too?”
“I can’t do anything until the court trial has completed.” Toluene looks up and smiles at the row of clients and their lawyer that face Judge Julia.
“I would like to introduce, baby boy Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth. He is three months old and enjoys sleeping, eating, and pooping, Your Honor.” Ferdome halts the baby stroller behind the back spine on Jeranda and reaches down, lifting up the baby blanket, dropping down the side of the fabric. She exposes the tiny curls of blonde hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of pale skin. She smiles with a chuckle of joy.
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia gasps in shock and then turns to see a set of three triplets that occupy the defendant’s table in silence.
The set of double doors slams open without hitting the side of the wall. A tall and older man appears and moves ahead with a smile. Principle Marshall wears a white dress shirt, a blue colored sports coat, a pair of dark colored blue jeans, and a pair of orange tinted cowboy boots. He leads a row of three teachers from Lacy Springs High School and strolls down an empty aisle, moving towards the flap door with a smile. The three teachers spin around and slowly stroll backwards, pointing at each row section with a smile to the group of new visitors.
The occupants from the prosecution and defense table stand upright from the bench seat and then spin around with a gasp, seeing the nosily commotion at the open archway.
Behind the three teachers, Yancy and Doyle lead an army of female and male high school students into the active courtroom. Some of the students stop, scoot sideways into a row, and sit beside their group of high school friends.
Yancy and Doyle continue ahead and lead Violet, Babbie, Retta Jean, Acton, Messi, Brett, and Fannie toward the first row behind the defense side within the courtroom.
AJ and Arie stand up and move down at the end of the row while allowing each teen to fill the chair.
Yancy and Doyle slide down the row, stop, and lean over, whispering into the cheekbone on Flamingo. Doyle smiles with a wink. “We’re here.” The rest of their friends sit down and scan the interior courtroom with a smile of excitement.
Flamingo gasps in alarm. “You and Yancy are invited to come here today. But, why are the rest of the seniors here inside the courtroom?”
Yancy smiles, “Uh! I don’t know.”
“Well, Principal Marshall came into our homeroom this morning and told all of us to get onto the school bus. Then the students obeyed. The school bus stopped here at the courthouse. Principal Marshall told us to get off the bus and go into the courthouse. So, we did. And we are here.” Doyle nods with a smile.
“O no!” Cinco frowns.
“O yes!” Breck laughs.
In the judge’s bench, Judge Julia stares at the army of people that are invading the audience gallery. “What is going on here inside my courtroom, Attorney Toluene?”
Principal Marshall moves through the small flap door with a smile, stops, and stands beside Litisha, patting her collar bone, viewing the judge. “I can explain, Your Honor. I received a visitor to my principal’s office yesterday. The prosecution attorney, Miss Litisha explained that Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth, who is the defendant here in a court to law, needs a set of teens for the creation of a jury panel for his upcoming court trial for tomorrow morning. So, she asked for each teen with a valid driver’s license to show up here at the courthouse today. I talked with the teachers and we are chaperoning the special teenly event for each parent. So now, there is a nice jury pool of teens for Flamingo’s upcoming court trial.”
“What!” Flamingo gasps in alarm.
“What!” Cinco gasps in alarm.
“What!” Breck gasps in alarm.
“Whatever.” Toluene spins around with a smile and sits down, viewing the screen on her mobile telephone.
Each teen slowly picks through the row and finds an empty chair. Some of the teen females display an ankle-length gown in bright colors, which appears similar to a prom dress. Some of the males display their pale blue football jersey, which is their individual football jersey. However, football season has closed for the school year. The other students wear a set of regular clothing and fidget inside the chair, making lot of noise within an individual seat and throughout the courtroom.
On the judge’s bench, Judge Julia exhales with annoyance and stares down at the blonde hair roots on Toluene Winterwood. On Friday, Toluene had swiftly appeared inside the judge’s chamber and then nicely asked for an actual court of law trial setting for teenager Flamingo, who was a newish father of a three-month-old baby. Julia had agreed with terms of a teenage box of jurors.
Now, her courtroom is filled with rows of teenagers for the morning session.
Principal Marshall continues to stand beside Litisha and wears a smile to the judge. “Hello, Your Honor. I am Principal Marshall from Lacy Springs High School. I would like to thank you for allowing the classrooms of tenth, eleventh, and senior classmates here inside your courtroom today. I know each high school student is excited about coming here and will learn much about the justice system here in America,” he spins around with a smile and waves both arms for attention. “Students, today is a day of high school examinations. However, you all receive the letter grade of A for participating in the jury selection process here at the courthouse.”
The room explodes into an array of cheers and claps from each happy student.
He waves both arms, “All right! All right! Enough! Enough of the loud annoying noise! Yeah, that was great idea. Now, everyone, please sit quietly and play on your personal mobile telephone or watch the current event. But, either way, shut up. If I must ask you to leave, then the letter grade of A will become the permanent letter grade of F. I promise.” Each student sounds with a set of boos and hisses.
“Silence!” Marshall yells out loud with a sour frown. The room becomes silent. He spins around and nods with a smile to the judge. “The students are ready for their American law and justice lesson, Your Honor,” he scoots backwards and sits on the first pew row while watching each student for trouble in silence.
The three teachers sit strategically on the last row and also watch for trouble in silence.
In the row of audience teens, a tall, red-haired teen male stands upright from the third row of audience pews and slaps his chest with a laugh. “I can serve. Do you have a tray of cold mugs of beer for serving the gallery of thirsty teens, Your Honor?”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia frowns and slams down her gavel on top of the polished wooden surface, shouting out loud over the noise of mischievous teenagers. “Sit down, red-haired, young teen male! There will be silence inside my courtroom.”
In the audience of teens, a female teen continues to sit and displays a head of long green hair laughs out loud. “What did Flamingo do?”
A high school teen male continues to sit with a bald head and laughs out loud, tossing both arms in the air, shouting out loud. “I knew it. I knew it. He killed someone. Flamingo is both deadly and dangerous. Finally, it gets his just rewards today. Yeehaw!” He wiggles both arms and laughs with the other students, slapping each arm around a girl next to his body with a chuckle.
On the judge’s bench, Judge Julia frowns with fury. “Quiet!”
A teen female sits in the audience and displays a head of short purple hair with a smile. “What did Flamingo do?”
A teen male sits in the audience with a head of long dirty red colored hair locks, laughing out loud, tossing both arms in the air. “I knew it. I knew it. Flamingo robbed a bank. That’s why he can afford to purchase an expensive sports car and drive the fastest one on the roadways around here in Lacy Springs. So, the US Federal Government finally caught him.” He drops his arms and laughs with the other teens.
A teen male with black hair continues to sit and shouts loud out with a laugh. “What did Flamingo do?”
A teen female bounces up and down inside her chair and displays a head of brown hair, shouting out loud into the courtroom. “He’s taking prescribed medical pills of steroids. That’s why he can toss the ball, so far and so fast and so long, long, long, long,” she laughs with the other teens.
“Quiet! Right now!” Judge Julia frowns with fury. The air waves become still and quiet and as each teen stares at the judge. She exhales with annoyance. “Now, I have been selected to attend this courtroom for the upcoming court trial with a paternity suit between two teenagers. And I had agreed to select a jury panel to attend this courtroom and hear the court trial which will begin tomorrow morning at eight o’clock. However, I am having some doubts. And I feel like sending the entire student body of high school teenagers back to their high school. So, would anyone like to challenge my mind?” She smirks with victory with her brilliant idea. Julia does not need or want a jury box of teenagers. So far, the entire room is noise with loud sounds and stinks with bad body odor and contains nasty garage from the ill-bred teens.
On the prosecution table, Litisha gasps in shock and then smirks with her victory. If the judge tosses out each silly teenager, then the court hearing for paternity can be held and heard right now as the courtroom has been assigned until noontime right before the lunch meal. Then, her client Jeranda will easier win the paternity suite getting her money as Litisha receives her attorney fee.
On the defendant’s table, Cinco gasps in alarm and swiftly stands upright from the bench seat, nodding to the judge. “Your Honor, may I speak?”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia turns and nods to Breck, “Please state your argument. Who are you, student?”
He slaps his chest and nods with a smile. “I am Breck Freehurst McCory, the fifth. I am named after my deceased father, who is Breck Freehurst McCory, Junior. And my two brothers are named after my father and before me as in our birthing order. I am the brother of Flamingo.”
“What do you want to say to me and my courtroom?”
“Your Honor, I honestly believe that my brother Flamingo should be trialed by a jury box of his fellow peers who are his age and not some old folks for his crime…”
“I am not a criminal. This is not a criminal trial, man!” Flamingo continues to sit and frowns with annoyance at his brother Cinco.
Cinco nods with a smile. “Yeah, yes, this is not really a crime but a crying shame that Flamingo is not able to voice his right to defend his person like a regular criminal.” Some of the teen claps and hoot with approval. The other teens sound with a set of boos and hisses. Cinco continues with a nod. “This is a legal court room, where a legal law trial will be held without the support of his allies and the introduction of all his foes.”
In the first row of childhood friends, Doyle stands upright from his padded chair and tosses both arms in the air with a smile. “Flamingo doesn’t have a list of foes, only a pod of friends. He’s only eighteen years old, Your Honor.” 
Cinco nods. “I am requesting for you to grant a jury box of fellow teen peers that represent Flamingo’s age and redneck teen manners to judge the rightness or wrongness of Flamingo’s single and forgivable crime.”
Flamingo swiftly stands upright and swings around facing the audience of teen, standing beside Breck, slapping his chest with a nod. “I did not commit a crime here. I’m not a criminal.”
On the prosecution table, eighteen-year-old Jeranda swiftly stands upright from the bench seat and turns to face the Flamingo, jabbing a finger, shouting out loud in fury. “You are a criminal for not marrying me after you found out about our cute blonde-haired and blue-eyed baby boy.”
Flamingo turns and sneers at Jeranda, fingering her body. “Hey! I found out about that baby on the fourth of May which was twelve solar days and nights, bitch. And I am not that father of that baby, cunt.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia frowns and slaps the gavel on the wooden surface. “Here! Here! There is no cursing allowed inside my courtroom. And I agree with your brother, the lawyer…”
“He is not a licensed Alabama attorney, Your Honor,” Litisha gasps in shock and swiftly stands from the bench seat, wearing a frowns at the judge. “He is a student in high school and is eighteen years old.”
Flamingo jabs a finger at Jeranda with a sour frown and a matching tone. “I tell the truth, all the time, as I had been taught by my mother. I am not the father. You need to go and get away from here, before I get my sh…”
“Silence!” Judge Julia shouts out loud.
Cinco smiles with a nod. “Your Honor, my brother Flamingo is an American citizen like me and you. My brother Flamingo has rights coming from the United States Constitution like me and you, such like, the First, Second, and Sixth Amendment, like me and you. A jury trial with his peers of teenagers had been stated and implied by our ancient and dead founding fathers over 240 years ago, Your Honor.”
Judge Julia nods with a smile at Cinco. “So, it is stated, future attorney. Based on the hatred and vile language…” The audience of teens sounds with cheers, laugher, and claps. She nods with a stern face. “Plus the thrill and the intensity of the upcoming paternity trial case, I have decided that we will go ahead and proceed with a court of law legal trial with a group of your fellow peers that are your same age, Mr. Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth,” she nods at the gallery with a smile. “Everyone, please sit down and stay quiet as ordered by Principal Marshall. Welcome to my courtroom. I am Judge Julia. At some point in your new adult life, the odds are favored that you might be called upon to serve jury duty. However, the same odds that your person will actually sit in a court trial are very low, except for today,” she chuckles with the smarter teens and group of adults. She clears her throat and smiles. “You are here in my courtroom today to jump start the jury selection procedure for the upcoming court trial between your current class mate Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth versus one of your former classmates Jeranda Exvanire. I want to explain what a jury selection process comprises. A lawyer or a judge will select a jury by a process, which is known as ‘voir dire’ which is a Latin word that means ‘to speak the truth.’ Today, each lawyer or the judge will ask a prospective juror a set of questions to determine if you are competent and suitable to service on the court trial. Now, this is a court of law. I would like each one of you to understand the word, law, here. The word, law, means law and order. If another teen continues to interrupt my courtroom procedures, then I will send that teen back into my jail cell today. You will stay until I decide. You are here because of the US Constitution and the Sixth Amendment. The Sixth Amendment contains five principles that affect the rights of a defendant, including the right to a speedy and public trial, the right to be tried by an impartial jury, the right to be informed of the charges, the right to confront and call witnesses, and the right to an attorney. The defendant is named Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth…
“Flamingo, his name is Flamingo,” one of the football players shouts out loud with a laugh.
On top of the judge’s box, Judge Julia nods with a fake smile. “The defendant has the right to a jury and the jury must be impartial. Now, the jury selection process is usually more complicated than today, where the jury box will be filled with teens that cannot vote in a political election but hold a driver’s license for driving a vehicle. Please lift up and show me your personal driver’s license above your hair roots. I want to follow the US Federal Justice rules even if this is a teenly court trial.”
On the first row behind the prosecution table, Principal Marshall stands upright from first chair on the padded seats, nodding with a smile to Judge Julia. “Thank you, Judge Julia, for explaining American history and law,” he sits down with a smile.
At the defendant’s table, Flamingo frowns with confusion and then leans over, staring at the nose profile on Toluene, whispering his question. “What did Judge Julia mean by that statement?” Toluene continues to sit and stare down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone in silence.
Breck turns and frowns at the nose profile on Toluene. “Why did Judge Julia say this is a teenly court trial? This is a legal court trial.”
She smiles down at the screen on her mobile telephone. “Judge Julia is required to babble about law and order inside your courtroom. Ignore it!”
Judge Julia nods with approval. “I see numerous wiggling arms in the air. However, I also see a few non-wiggling arms down in a lap. If you do not present to me your driver’s license as the proof of your teenly citizenship here in Lacy Springs, then you cannot serve as a teenly jury member. The jury selection process begins with calling out six names of potential jurors for the court trail. Usually, a court of law trial selects twelve jurors and one alternative. However, this is a not a criminal trial, only a teenly trial,” she giggles and then clears her throat. “I do believe that Attorney Toluene has a listing of potential teenly jurors that will start our day. Please call out the first name of each teen, Attorney Toluene. After your name is called, please stand up and move into the jury box.”
At the defendant’s table, Flamingo wiggles side to side with excitement and whispers his happiness. “Wow! I only need six jurors for my court trial that loves my person. This is a cake-walk with a side bowl of creamy vanilla pudding, man.”
Breck looks down and flips through each page in the legal law textbook, silently re-reading the jury selection information. “I don’t know about this, Flamingo.”
Toluene exhales with annoyance of the teenly trial and continues to sit on top of the bench seat with the triplets, flipping through the phone, shouting out loud each name. “Babbie, Violet, Acton, Messi, Yancy, Doyle. Get up and get into the jury box. I have a question for you.”
The six teens slowly stand upright from the pew and scoots toward the end of the row, moving through the flap door.
Judge Julia frowns. “Please lift up your personal driver’s license card in the air and walk towards the jury box.” Each teen lifts up their personal driver’s license in the air and stumbles inside the jury box, sitting in the first row of six hard wooden chairs of matching red tinted walnut. She nods. “I see six arms with an object in the air.”
“That item might not be their true driver’s license item, Judge,” a black-haired female teen shouts out loud in the fourth row.
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia laughs. “I believe in honesty here. This a court of law to determine if Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth is the true father of baby boy Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth…”
“Well, of course, he is. The baby has his name, Your Honor. Are you really a judge? Did you really graduate from college and then law school?” A light haired teen male from the second pew row laughs out loud.
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia exhales with annoyance and fakes a smile to the room of teens. “Now, each attorney from the defense and the prosecution table will ask each one of you a question. Please, address your answer verbally, not electronically, or with a set of wavering silent hand signals to me or your high school friend,” she laughs with the audience. “You may precede, Attorney Toluene.”
Toluene continues to sit and stare down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone. “First teenly juror, what is your name?”
Inside the jury box, Babbie sits in the chair at the end of the row and nods with a smile to Cinco. “My name is Babbie…”
“Can you be partial about your fellow high school classmate, Mr. Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth?”
Babbie nods with a smile to Cinco. “Yes, I can.”
Toluene continues to smile and stares down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone, shouting out loud into the court gallery for all eardrums. “The defense team accepts this potential juror, who is named Babbie.”
On the prosecution table, prosecution lawyer Litisha stands upright from the bench seat and shakes her curls, staring and jabbing a finger at Babbie. She says with a sour frown. “We reject juror Babbie.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia gasps in shock and turns to view Litisha. “Why are you objecting to potential juror Babbie?”
On the prosecution table, Litisha jabs a finger at Babbie. “She is the girlfriend of Cinco McCory, one of the triplets and the brother of Flamingo.”
Julia returns back and nods to Babbie. “You are dismissed from the jury pool, teen Babbie.”
At the defendant’s table, starting at Litisha, Cinco gasps. “What is this shit?”
Flamingo turns and sneers at Litisha also. “What’s going on here?”
Breck looks up with a gasp and stares at Babbie. Then he looks down and softly reads from the textbook. “A jury must be impartial. Each juror must be unbiased and selected from a cross-section of the community. During the jury-questioning process, if a juror show bias, the attorney will dismiss the juror for cause,” he looks up and sees Babbie. She is moving away from the jury box. He leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Flamingo, “Because, the potential juror might possess an emotional link to the victim or the plaintiff. The plaintiff is Flamingo. Cinco is our brother and Babbie will become our future sister-in-law. That’s why Babbie has been dismissed.”
Babbie moves back through the flap door and rest down in her same chair on the front row with her high school friends.
“This is really fucking up my pre-selected jury pool.” Flamingo turns and frowns at the row of teens inside the jury box with worry and confusion.
Toluene continues to sit and stares down with a smile at the screen on her personal mobile phone. “Second teenly juror, what is your name?”
Within the jury box, in the second chair, Violet wipes off her tears and wears a sad face, slowly sitting upright from the chair, shaking her curls. “I…I can’t do this. I…I’m sorry. I…I wanna go back to the classroom,” she sobs with tears of depression and unhappiness with the current situation regarding her current boyfriend Flamingo.
“Another bites the dust!” Litisha continues to stand and claps, laughing out loud.
Violet swiftly moves ahead and exits the courtroom, going back to the last school bus, which will take her back to the high school. She will take each one of her academic examinations instead and then fail each test rather than watch what’s happening to Flamingo. He will become a father through the eyeballs of the court of law.
Flamingo swiftly stands upright from the bench seat with an open mouth without a word and slowly spins around while watching the back spine on his girlfriend and future wife Violet. She has left the courtroom in tears of unhappy silence.
At the defendant’s table, Toluene exhales with annoyance and continues to sit while staring down at her mobile telephone. “Third teenly juror, what is your name?”
Within the jury box, in the third chair, Acton wiggles side to side and smiles at Flamingo. “Acton.”
“Can you be partial about your fellow high school classmate, Mr. Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth?”
Acton nods with a smile to Cinco, “Yeah.”
Toluene continues to smile and stares down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone. “The defense team accepts this potential juror, who is named Acton.”
On the prosecution table, Litisha stands upright from the bench seat and shakes her curls, jabbing a finger at Acton, saying with a frown. “We reject juror Acton.”
Julia turns and frowns at Litisha. “Why are you objecting to potential juror Acton?”
Litisha jabs a finger at Acton. “He is a personal friend of Flamingo.”
Julia returns back and nods to Acton. “You are dismissed from the jury pool, teen Acton.”
Cinco gasps. “This is not good.”
Flamingo sneers. “This is not great.”
Breck looks up and nods to Acton. Acton moves back and resumes the same seat on the front row with Babbie and his social and high school friends.
Toluene exhales with annoyance and continues to stare down at her mobile telephone. “Fourth teenly juror, what is your name?”
Within the jury box, the fourth chair contains Messi, she smiles at Flamingo, “Messi.”
“Can you be partial about your fellow high school classmate, Mr. Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth?”
Messi nods with a smile to Flamingo, “Yes, ma’am. I can.”
Toluene continues to smile and stares down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone. “The defense team accepts this potential juror, who is named Messi.”
On the prosecution table, Litisha sits down and stares at Messi, leaning over, whispering with Jeranda.
At the defendant’s table, Cinco gasps in shock and leans over, whispering into the cheekbone on Flamingo. “She doesn’t know.”
Flamingo stares at Messi inside the jury box. “Who doesn’t know what?”
“Jeranda, she doesn’t know that Messi is Acton’s girlfriend. Acton and Messi just started dating this year. Look over at the prosecution table. Litisha is conferencing with Jeranda’s answer. Jeranda thinks that Messi is just another high school girl. Jeranda is too stupid to realize that we called our personal high school friends, who sit on the front row behind our asses,” laughing.
“Right!” Flamingo laughs with Cinco at Jeranda.
On the prosecution table, Litisha stands upright and nods to the judge. “We accept juror Messi.”
Cinco elbows Flamingos and whispers with a smile. “Did you hear that? Jeranda doesn’t know our set of personal new high school friends. She only remembers what happened a year ago. Then she left the school and went somewhere. We are back on track now.”
Breck frowns down at the page on the textbook. “I don’t know about that, Cinco.”
Flamingo turns and nods to Messi. “Would Jeranda knows, by chance or by luck, that Yancy and Doyle are our set of personal childhood friends?”
Cinco turns and nods to Yancy. “I don’t think so.”
Toluene exhales with annoyance and continues to stare down at her mobile telephone. “Fifth teenly juror, what is your name?”
Within the jury box, in the fifth hard chair, Yancy turns and lifts a finger, physical counting the number of physical chairs. His friend Acton turns and then elbows Yancy with a laugh. “You’re the fifth chair, Yancy. Answer the women’s question.”
Yancy turns back with a smile and tosses both arms in the air and wiggles side to side, smiling at Flamingo. “I am named Yancy.”
“Can you be partial about your fellow high school classmate, Mr. Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth?”
Yancy nods with a smile to Flamingo, “Hell, yeah!”
Toluene continues to smile and stares down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone. “The defense team accepts this potential juror, who is named Yancy.”
On the prosecution table, Litisha stands upright from the bench seat and shakes her curls, jabbing a finger at Yancy, saying with a frown. “We reject juror Yancy.”
Julia frowns at Yancy. “Why are you objecting the potential juror Acton?”
Litisha jabs a finger at Yancy. “He is a personal childhood friend of Flamingo.”
Julia nods to Yancy. “You are dismissed from the jury pool, teen Yancy.”
Cinco gasps. “She knows.”
Litisha jabs a finger and a sneer at Doyle. “You can remove the sixth potential juror, who is named Doyle. He is also a personal childhood friend of Flamingo also. We don’t want the jury panel rooting for the wrong side. Do we, Mr. McCory, the fourth?” She laughs with Jeranda.
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia nods to Doyle. “You are also dismissed from the jury pool, teen Doyle. After the first round of potential jurors, both sides have agreed on one teen, Juror Messi. Juror Messi, please, stand up and move to the end of the row for me. Attorney Toluene, please call up another five names to complete the jury pool.”
Toluene continues to smile and stares down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone. “Precilla, Brett, Fannie, Retta Jean, Louzon, Doyle, get up from your seat and move into the jury box immediately. Get ready for your question also.”
Louzon possesses a head of light colored hair, a body frame of width and tallness, and wears a pale blue football jersey with the number 56. Doyle possesses a head of dark hair, tallness, and wears a pale blue football jersey with the number 34.
Brett wears a pale blue football jersey number 98 and black hair.
Retta Jean wears a set of dirty overalls and a sour frown.
Precilla wears a short pink dress and a matching pair of high heeled sandals.
Fannie wears a set of red colored walking shorts and a matching sleeveless blouse.
Each teen slowly stands and moves toward the jury box, lifting up an arm, presenting their personal driver’s license in the air. Each teen sits down and drops their arm down into the lap, staring at Litisha and Jeranda.
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo leans over and whispers to Cinco. “Do not stare at our friends.”
“What?” Cinco frowns.
“Do not stare at our set of high school teen friends. We can confuse the simple mind on stupid-ass Jeranda. She might remember that Brett and Fannie are two of our childhood friends.”
He turns and stares down at the floor, whispering back to Flamingo. “What about our friend Retta Jean?”
“Jeranda knows that Retta Jean is in the AP classroom with me. But each AP student exhibits a cut-throat competitive academic personality. So, I would guess that Jeranda will allow Retta Jean to stay on the jury panel, because she thinks Retta Jean possesses the same cut-throat personality and hates my guts, which we both know is not true. Cilla is the current girlfriend of Breck, but Jeranda does not know that. So, Cilla gets to stay, also.”
Cinco continues to look down and wiggles his nervous fingers. “That’s a good plan.”
Toluene exhales with annoyance and continues to stare down at her mobile telephone, shouting out loud for each pair of eardrums. “Second teenly juror, what is your name?”
Inside the jury box, Cilla does not smile but stares at Litisha. “I am named Precilla.”
“Can you be partial about your fellow high school classmate, Mr. Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth?”
Precilla does not nod but stares at Litisha, “Yeah.”
Toluene continues to smile and stares down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone. “The defense team accepts this potential juror, who is named Cilla.”
On the prosecution table, prosecution lawyer Litisha continues to stand and stares at Cilla, leaning over, whispering to Jeranda.
Jeranda stares at Cilla also with confusion and then whispers back to her lawyer.
Litisha stands upright and nods with a smile to Judge Julia. “We accept juror Cilla.”
Toluene exhales with annoyance and continues to stare down at her mobile telephone. “Third teenly juror, what is your name?”
Inside the jury box, Brett does not smile but stares at Litisha. “Brett.”
“Can you be partial about your fellow high school classmate, Mr. Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth?”
Brett does not nod but stares at Litisha, “Yeah.”
Toluene continues to smile and stares down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone. “The defense team accepts this potential juror, who is named Brett.”
On the prosecution table, prosecution lawyer Litisha stands upright from the bench seat and shakes her curls, jabbing a finger at Brett, saying with a frown. “We reject juror Brett and his girlfriend Fannie.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia frowns at Brett and then Fannie. “Why?”
On the prosecution table, Litisha jabs a finger at Brett. “He and she, they are a set of personal friends of Flamingo.”
Julia nods to Brett and then Fannie. “You are dismissed from the jury pool, teen Brett and teen Fannie.”
At the defendant’s table, Cinco sneers with a whisper to his brothers. “You’re right, Flamingo. Jeranda does know about our childhood friends.”
Toluene exhales with annoyance and continues to stare down at her mobile telephone. “Fourth teenly juror, what is your name?”
Within the jury box, in the fourth hard chair, Retta Jean smiles with a nod at Jeranda. “Retta Jean.”
She continues to smile down at the screen on the mobile telephone. “Can you be partial about your fellow high school classmate, Mr. Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth?”
Retta Jean nods to Jeranda, “Yes, I can.”
Toluene continues to smile and stares down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone. “The defense team accepts this potential juror, who is named Retta Jean.”
On the prosecution table, prosecution lawyer Litisha continues to stand and stares at Retta Jean, leaning over, whispering to Jeranda.
Jeranda stares at Retta Jean with confusion and then whispers back to her lawyer in private.
Litisha stands upright and nods with a smile to Retta Jean. “Juror Retta Jean, are you one of the AP students that attends the same classroom with Flamingo?”
“Yes, I do,” Retta Jean nods to Jeranda.
Litisha smiles at Retta Jean. “We accept juror Retta Jean.”
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo and Cinco perform a fist-bump underneath the table in hiding while staring down with a stern face at the table.
Flamingo smiles with a whisper, “Yeah, man.”
Toluene exhales with annoyance and continues to stare down at her mobile telephone. “Fifth teenly juror, what is your name?”
Within the jury box, in the fifth seat, Louzon does not smile but stares at Litisha, “Louzon.”
“Can you be partial about your fellow high school classmate, Mr. Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth?”
Louzon does not nod but stares at Litisha, “Yeah.”
Toluene continues to smile and stares down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone. “The defense team accepts this potential juror, who is named Louzon.”
On the prosecution table, Litisha stands upright from the bench seat and shakes her curls, jabbing a finger at the teen, saying with a frown. “We reject teen Louzon and his buddy teen Kruger.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia frowns at each teen male. “Why?”
Litisha jabs a finger at Louzon and then Kruger. “They are a set of personal friends with Flamingo.”
Julia nods to each teen male. “You are dismissed from the jury pool, teens.”
On the defendant’s table, Breck looks up and nods to his two football friends Louzon and Kruger in silence.
Flamingo leans down and looks over, viewing the nose profile on Toluene. She continues to stare and types on the tiny keyboard on her mobile telephone in silence. Flamingo snarls at his paid lawyer. “Do something, Toluene! You are my paid legal lawyer to defend my right and my ass.”
She continues to smile and types on her mobile telephone. “What do you want me to do?”
He growls. “Litisha is dismissing each teen because he or she is my friend. Well, the entire senior class of students has been a friend to me, since pre-kindergarten, when I was four years old. Litisha is going to dismiss each student that is located here inside the courtroom, if you don’t do something.”
She smiles down at the screen coming from the new text message. “That’s her right as the prosecution attorney.”
“Then, we’re going to be here all morning, all afternoon, and all evening until five o’clock when the local government offices shut down.” Flamingo frowns. Toluene looks up with a gasp and stares at Judge Julia in silence.
On the judge’s bench, Judge Julia frowns down at Toluene. “Attorney Toluene, please, call out the next three name of teens for attendance into the jury box to complete the jury panel, before the lunch time meal.”
On the defendant’s table, Toluene continues to sit and looks down, flipping through the icons on her personal mobile telephone. Her electronic file does not list another teen name from the jury pool.
Breck whips out his personal mobile telephone and flips through the icons, finding his list of devoted football players, who are going to support Flamingo at the court trial. He leans over and shows her the screen on his phone. She shouts out the next three names inside the courtroom. “Zayne, Holden, Giuseppe, get up from your seat and move into the jury box. Get ready for your question.”
Each teen wears a pale blue football jersey with a white colored number, standing tall and muscular, slowly moving ahead, fist-bumping with Breck. Each one sits down and stares at Litisha.
At the prosecution table, Litisha continues to stand and stares at each new teen, leaning over, whispering into the cheekbone on Jeranda. Ferdome slowly rocks the baby stroller with the sleeping baby. Litisha stands upright from the bench seat with a smile and waves her arm at the three male teens. “We reject and eject the three male teens from the jury panel.”
“Why?” Judge Julia stares at the three teens and turns with a sour frown to see Litisha.
Litisha softly chuckles and waves her arm. “It is so obvious. The defendant has provided a listing of his football pals to pad the jury panel with his friends to win the court trial.”
Judge Julia softly chuckles with a smile. “This happens all the time in real life. Why is that a problem here?”
“The issue here is that each football player coming from Lacy Springs High school will side with Flamingo, not the mother of the child. This is also fixing the jury panel, Your Honor, which is an illegal offense.”
“Fine!” Judge Julia tosses her hand near her frown. “Everyone, listen up! The defense attorney has been reading a student name from a provided listing of potential jurors. Now, that listing is invalid. So, each football player with a blue pale football jersey, which blinds my eyeballs, cannot serve as a juror member. So, please, continue to sit in your padded chair and enjoy the performance of the defense and prosecution attorneys during the rest of the jury selection process.”
On the prosecution table, Jeranda gasps in shock and turns with a worried brow while studying the jury panel, so far. Messi, Cilla, and Retta Jean continue to sit and stare at the triplet brothers. Jeranda has been conned into an error. The three teen girls are really three allies for their friend Flamingo, not their new enemy Jeranda. Jeranda leans over and whispers into the eardrum on Litisha.
Litisha smiles with a nod. “And, neither, can any one of the AP students serve as a juror member on the panel.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia frowns. “What is an AP student?”
“Flamingo attends Advanced Placement or AP courses which is housed inside the AP classroom at Lacy Springs High school. Each one of his smart ass AP friends is located here inside the courtroom also, Your Honor.”
At the defendant’s table, Flamingo gasps in shock and leans over into the cheekbone on Breck. “What’s going on here? What is Litisha doing? She’s identifying and striking off each football player from my jury list.”
Breck continues to stare and whispers out loud to Flamingo from the legal law textbook. “It says here. A defense lawyer will exclude a juror who has the same profession or similar background with the victim.”
Cinco leans over and frowns at Breck. “None of our classmates have the same background with Jeranda.”
Flamingo frowns with a whisper at the three football players. “I’m the victim here, not Jeranda. That’s why I’m located here at the courthouse, instead of inside my high school, taking each one of my final examinations in order to finally graduate high school and enter into the college environment, pursuing my dream as a licensed medical physician.”
Cinco frowns. “Your dream will come true, Flamingo. Anyways, I’ll glad we’re outta of the weekly academic examinations. And I got the letter grade of A in each one of my academic classes. Then, the next step is graduation night and the graduation party. Then a long week of sleeping late and eating out the refrigerator, before we move into our shared apartment near Burn U on the last week of this month,” chuckling.
Breck looks up and stares at the three football players inside the jury box. “However, Litisha is the prosecution attorney. So, she is striking out all the potential jurors with a similar background to Flamingo, who is a superstar jock and infamous football player. Litisha is striking out the entire team of the football players from the jury selection process.”
Cinco exhales with worry. “So, what do we do now?”
“I don’t know.” Flamingo frowns.
“I do know.” Breck leans over and mouth spits on top of the blonde hair roots on Toluene. “Do something here! Flamingo is losing his jury pool, lady attorney.”
Toluene continues to smile and stare down at her mobile telephone. “I cannot do anything. Flamingo was trying to pad the jury panel which is an illegal move that has cost him the trial victory today. Thus, the judge has eliminated all of his friends, so Jeranda can get a fair trial and win the court case.”
Breck growls down at her hair roots. “Flamingo, he is not the father of the baby. You need to object or something to defend Flamingo.”
She continues to smile and stares down at her mobile telephone in silence.
Breck looks up and exhales with frustration. He wishes that he was a true attorney, who could help his brother right now.
“Fine!” Judge Julia frowns in the judge’s bench. “Each AP student cannot become a juror member either. Now, aside from each football player and AP student, I would like to see an arm with a valid driver’s license rise in the air toward the ceiling.” The other student swiftly lifts an arm in the air and presents a driver’s license. “There ya go, Attorney Litisha. Each student who is not displayed with a pale blue jersey and is not in the AP class has lifted an arm with a valid driver’s license.”
At the prosecution table, Jeranda continues to stand and whispers into the cheekbone on Litisha, pulling back, crossing her arms in silence fury at the judge.
Litisha gasps in shock and stares at the three girls inside the jury panel, who are really allies of Flamingo. “Your Honor, I would like to dismiss the three jurors inside the jury box also.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia gasps in alarm. “That is highly usual for any jury selection procedure, Attorney Litisha.”
Toluene continues to stare down at her mobile telephone and laughs loud out. “And I wanna do the opposite of Attorney Litisha, all the time. I wanna keep these three jurors that came from a valid jury selection process, Your Honor.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia frowns and shakes her curls. “The three selected and approved jurors by both the defense and prosecution sides stay inside the jury box. Now, there is a new rule inside my courtroom. Attorney Litisha will randomly or carelessly or happily select one teen that is holding up an arm in the air. Please move up here and sit down at the jury box. Then the defense lawyer and the prosecution lawyer will ask you a set of questions. Go ahead, Attorney Litisha. Are you listening to my new ruling, Attorney Toluene?”
Toluene looks up with a gasp and holds her mobile telephone, nodding in silence to Julia. She reaches down and places her personal mobile telephone inside her jacket pocket, staring at the judge in silence.
At the prosecution table, Litisha spins around with a smile and sees numerous wiggling arms, leaning over, whispering into the cheekbone on Jeranda.
On the defendant table, each triplet spins around with a sour frown on top of the bench seat and stares at the rows of wiggling arms in silence, without interfering.
Litisha stands upright with a grin and points to three different teenagers inside the audience. “You, in row number two and in seat number three, get up and get into the jury box. You, in row number seven and in seat number six, get up and get into the jury box. You, in row number six and in seat number first, get up and get into the jury box also.”
Each teen slowly moves from the row and enters the jury box, sitting down, scanning the courtroom.
On the defendant’s table, Breck leans over with worry and whispers into the cheekbone on Toluene, "Flamingo, he does not know that girl."
Toluene exhales with annoyance and whispers back to Breck, staring at the new teen female inside the jury stand. "That's the point of a court trial with your peers, a bunch of high school teenagers."
"But we wanna get teens that know Flamingo and believe his side."
“That's fairy land. This is reality. You need to understand that your little mind game didn’t work here within the court room. The football team shouldn’t have shown up in their pale blue football jersey. Then Litisha would not have easily identified each football player. Does the football player actually wear that thing?”
He frowns. “Yes, we all wear our football jersey on the campus and off the campus to root for our high school here in Lacy Springs.”
She frowns. “I thought Jeranda didn’t know any of Flamingo’s friends. You were wrong. She is right. Now, I gotta play the role of true lawyer here in the real courtroom,” moaning.
“What!” Breck gasps. “You had been paid to defend my brother and win this…his trial case.”
She exhales. “I know that. You don’t need to tell me my job.”
Breck frowns with a whisper, “This is your paid job! I'm telling my mom.”
She smiles and stares at the new female teen inside the jury box. "If you continue to play the dismal in distress all the time, then you will have become a clever lawyer and won any your court cases."
Breck sat back and looked over his collar bone, staring at his mom without tattling on the dishonest, mean, rude and incompetent paid licensed lawyer. 
At the prosecution table, Litisha spins around and continues to stand with a smile at the first new teen. “What is your name, teenly juror?”
Within the jury box, in the fourth hard chair, a short male with dark hair and dark skin laughs out loud. “My name is Kayson.”
Litisha smiles, “Can you be partial about your formal high school classmate, Miss Jeranda Exvanire?”
He winks with a nod at Jeranda. “Yeah, I shore can, darling.”
Toluene smiles, “Can you also be partial about your fellow high school classmate, Mr. McCory, the fourth?”
Kayson winks at Toluene. “Who’s that?”
She frowns. “I do believe he goes by the silly nickname of Flamingo.”
Kayson turns and laughs at Flamingo. “I got unlucky and received a baby sister too. Sleep, while you can, asshole!” He stands upright from the chair and leaves the jury box, moving ahead, sitting in the last row with his friends, fist-bumping and hand-slapping for fun.
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia frowns. “You are dismissed from the jury pool, teen Kayson.”
On the prosecution table, Litisha frowns at the row of teens inside the jury box. “What is your name, teenly juror?”
“My name is Przern.” The short male with dirty blonde hair bounces up and down with excitement.
Litisha smiles, “Can you be partial about your formal high school classmate, Miss Jeranda Exvanire?”
He continues to bounce up and down with a grin. “Wow! That’s a fantastic and fanny question. I don’t know the answer. Is this some type of school test? I need to think a moment in time. Can I do that, ma’am?”
Litisha frowns. “I dismiss this jury member, Your Honor.”
Julia frowns at the teen. “You are dismissed from the jury pool, teen Przern.”
“What!” he continues to sit and frowns at the judge. “Why? I wanna be a juror here.”
“Please leave!” She exhales with annoyance.
He shakes his cropped blonde hair and continues to sit with a smile. “No, I wanna stay and flirt with the cute girls,” Przern leans over and smiles at Messi.
“Now!” Judge Julia shouts out loud with fury.
“Okay! Okay! I’m standing. I’m scooting. I’m moving from the jury box without a cute girl.” He tosses both arms in the air and slowly stands with a giggle, scooting out from the jury box, moving ahead and still holds both arms in the air. He returns back to his seat in the audience section and bounces up and down with excitement, sitting with his friends.
On the prosecution table, Litisha exhales with annoyance and frowns at the last new teen, who still resides inside the jury box. “What is your name?”
The petite girl displays a head of long brown hair, a tone of pale skin, and wears a pink tinted ankle-length gown, wiggling side to side, winking at Flamingo. She tosses both arms in the air and shouts out loud. “I accept.”
Litisha frowns. “What! What does that mean? What are you accepting here, young lady?”
The teen female drops both arms and slaps her chest with a nod and a smile at Flamingo. “My name is Madge. And I accept Flamingo’s proposal of marriage, right here in the courtroom. Are we getting married here? I will do that. But I did want my parents to see us get married, Flamingo.”
Flamingo gasps in shock and stares at Madge. Cinco and Breck smile and elbow Flamingo with a set of chuckles.
Madge nods with a smile. “I’m so happy to be here. I’m so happy to be selected as the wife for Flamingo.”
Litisha gasps. “What! What are you talking about Madge?”
She slaps her chest again with a grin. “I came here from the high school classroom and wear my prom dress from this year, of course, and I have been chosen as the new wife for Flamingo. So, I was chosen. Now, I accept. I love you, Flamingo.”
Litisha sneers. “Miss Jeranda Exvanire, she is…”
Madge growls, “Who’s that?”
Litisha nods. “Jeranda is the young girl beside my elbow. She is the mother of Flamingo’s baby. If anyone marries Flamingo, then it will be here.’
Flamingo shouts out loud with fury, “Never. No. Nope. Naw, I will never marry Jeranda.”
Madge frowns. “I am hearing Flamingo shout out loud the word, no. No. I don’t believe you person. Who are you? And Flamingo is not a father. He isn’t married to any girl. But I’m here, so I can marry him. I love you, Flamingo.”
At the defendant table, Breck leans over and mouth spits into the cheekbone on Flamingo. “Do you know Madge?”
“No. And I am not marrying her, but my girl Violet.” Flamingo smiles with a nod to Madge and then leans over, whispering to Cinco and then to his brother Breck. “I got a new plan. We can find three more teens that will rule with me.” His two brothers look up and then lean over into the cheekbone on Flamingo.
Cinco stares at Madge, “How?”
Flamingo smiles with a whisper, “Madge likes me.”
Breck frowns with a whisper. “It does not matter if Madge likes or hates you. She’s going to be dismissed by Litisha.”
Flamingo nods with a smile. “That she is. But there are plenty of girls that like me and wanna see me win my trial court. So, we just identify them and accept them for the rest of the jury pool.”
Cinco frowns. “How do we do that?”
Litisha shouts loud out at the dense teenager, “You are not here as a potential mate for Flamingo.”
Madge nods with a smile, “Why not? Who are you always? Flamingo is smart and cute. And I’m pretty and…”
“…dumb…” Litisha exhales with annoyance at Madge. “This is a court of law, where a court trial is held…”
“Why do you bother to explain justice to a minor, Attorney Litisha?” Toluene turns and laughs at Litisha.
“Get outta of that jury box, young miss! You are not here to select a beau or a husband, but a jury of teen peers for my client too,” Litisha frowns with a sour tone at the female teen. “I dismiss this teen juror, Your Honor.”
“O! I didn’t know that. But you can try to act kinder to a stranger or an unknown person without your string of harsh and rude English words, non-lady witch.” Madge moves out from the jury box and leans down, sliding her hand over the empty wooden table with Flamingo, giggling with a wink at Flamingo. She wears a short sexy red dress and exits the court gallery, moving back to her padded chair, giggling with her girlfriends.
At the prosecution table, Litisha spins around with a sour frown and shouts out loud at each teen. “Now, show me who has a valid driver’s license, who is not a football player or an AP student and who has not been dismissed by me from the jury pool.” Each student lifts an arm and wiggles their hand with an item in the air while laughing out loud. She leans over and whispers with Jeranda as they slowly pick through the teens from Lacy Springs High School.
At the defendant table, Flamingo looks down and fiddles with his mobile telephone, whispering to his two brothers. “We use the twelve different zodiac signs to determine which female teen is compatible with me. Then, the female student will like me and vote my way, not with Jeranda.”
Cinco whips out his mobile telephone and looks down, typing on the tiny keyboard with a frown. “Which male teen?”
Breck whips out his mobile telephone and types on the tiny screen. “Litisha is not going to pick a male, who will side with Flamingo. She is going to select all girls to side with Jeranda. I have an electronic listing of each tenth, eleventh, and twelfth grade student here on my phone.”
Flamingo smiles down at the screen on the phone, “Excellent, Breck. Cinco, you are my lookout. Watch Litisha over there. When Litisha picks the next potential juror student, whisper to me their date of birth, then I can tell you if we will keep that teen on the jury panel.”
Cinco spins around on top on the bench seat and leans into the side on Flamingo, narrowing his eyelids, staring into the rows of students. “How are we going to do this?”
Flamingo smiles down at the screen on the phone. “There are twelve zodiac signs. Each zodiac sign has a set of strengths and weaknesses, specific traits, desires, and attitudes towards life and people. Astrology also gives me a glimmer of a person’s basic characteristic, flaws, and fears. I am only going to select the three teen jurors that are like me, without a flaw,” laughing.
Breck frowns. “Is that really going to work, Flamingo?”
Flamingo smiles, “The two words, horoscope and astrology, are the two most searched topics on the internet. Astrology is both an art and a science. The first Catholic pope Sixtus IV drew and interpreted his horoscope every day for divine or heavenly or personal guidance. Leo X and Paul III relied on a set of astrologers for good social, mental, medical, economic and financial advice. Adolf Hitler, the dictator of Nazi Germany consulted a set of astrologers throughout the Second World War. Look how far he got within controlling the world. Astrology is a good ally when you wanna win the game.”
Cinco continues to watch Litisha with one eyeball and the audience of teens with the other one. “How are you going to kick the teen off the jury pool, if Litisha accepts the hostile student?”
Breck whispers. “Each side gets a certain number of peremptory challenges. A peremptory challenge is a method of dismissal of a potential juror for no cause at all, like a football player or an AP student. So, we tell Toluene that we don’t want the girl and then she is gone with the heated breeze from the jury box,” laughing.
“Get ready! Set! Go!” Flamingo smiles.
At the prosecution table, Litisha slowly pick out the next three teens. “You, in row number three, get up there into the jury box.”
On the defendant’s table, Cinco whispers to his two brothers. “Litisha has picked Neve. She is an eleventh grader.”
Breck whispers the information. “Neve was born on June 29th.”
Flamingo closes his eyelids and whispers the astrology information from memory. “Neve is a Cancer girl. A Cancer personality is deeply intuitive and sentimental. A Cancer personality is one of the most challenging zodiac signs to get to know. A Cancer personality is very emotional and sensitive and cares deeply about matters of the family and their home. She will side with Jeranda. Neve, she is a not acceptable as juror member.”
“Got it!” Breck whispers.
At the prosecution table, Litisha slowly pick out the next teen. “You, in row number second behind the prosecution table, get up there into the jury box.”
Cinco whispers to his two brothers. “Litisha has picked Zalyn. She is a senior student.”
Breck whispers to his two brothers. “Zalyn was born on October 1st.”
Flamingo continues to face the judge’s bench without seeing it and whispers back to his two brothers. “Zalyn is a Libra girl. A Libra personality exhibits traits in peaceful, fair, and hate being alone. Partnership is important for them along with balance and symmetry, chasing down justice and equality. She will side with Jeranda also. No. I strike off Zalyn from the jury panel also.”
“Got it!” Breck whispers.
At the prosecution table, Litisha slowly pick out the next teen. “You, in row number five, behind the prosecution table, get up there into the jury box.”
Cinco whispers to his two brothers. “Litisha has picked Lareen. She is a senior student.”
Breck whispers to his two brothers. “Lareen was born on May 31st.”
Flamingo whispers back. “Lareen is a Gemini girl. A Gemini personality loves to talk and chat with folks and then tell you all about it the intense conversation. A Gemini personality possesses an intellectual mind and enjoys probing people and places in search of information, and then sharing that same information. And a Gemini personality is a wishy-washy person and changes their mood on a simple whim, because their head is comprised of two skulls that form the mythical zodiac twins. She can’t make up her mind and will pick Jeranda as they are both girls. Lareen is history also. She can’t be a juror on my trial.” 
 “Got it!” Breck whispers.
Cinco spins around and stares in silence at the three females. Each girl slowly moves ahead and stops, sitting down in the jury box.
At the prosecution table, Litisha spins around and sits down, smiling at each teen, which might or might not like Flamingo. “What is your name, teenly juror?”
She nods with a smile to Litisha. “My name is Neve.”
Litisha smiles, “Can you be partial about your formal high school classmate, Miss Jeranda Exvanire?”
She smiles. “Yes.”
Breck leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Toluene. “Dismiss this teen!”
Toluene gasps in shock and stares a Neve inside the jury box. “I didn’t get to ask her the question.”
He sneers with sour breath. “Dismiss the teen! She will side with Jeranda.”
She turns and smiles at Breck, “All right!” Toluene returns back and smiles a Neve. “I dismiss the teen for jury panel, Your Honor.”
On the prosecution table, Litisha continues to sit and gasps in shock. “What! What is this nonsense?”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia laughs out loud with a nod to Toluene. “This is called jury selection for a jury trial, Attorney Litisha. And I do believe that the defense team has quickly formed a new legal strategy. You are dismissed from the jury panel, teen Neve.”
“Poo! I wanted to vote.” Neve exits the jury box and moves back to her assigned seat, bumping heads and giggling with her high school girlfriends with fun.
At the prosecution table, Litisha stares at the next teen. “What is your name, teenly juror?”
Inside the jury box, in the fifth chair, next to an empty seat, a tall and plump teen with a head green, pink and lavender ponytails nods with a smile to Litisha. “My name is Zalyn.”
Litisha smiles, “Can you be partial about your formal high school classmate, Miss Jeranda Exvanire?”
She smiles. “Yes.”
On the defendant’s table, Breck leans over and whispers into the suntanned cheekbone on Toluene. “Dismiss Zalyn! She will side with Jeranda.”
“All right! I am following your strategy, Breck,” Toluene stares and smiles at Zalyn. “I dismiss the teen for jury panel, Your Honor.”
On the prosecution table, Litisha gasps in shock and turns, staring at the nose profile on Toluene. “How many teens are we are going to dismiss here the jury panel?”
“As many as it takes, before we find the three proper teens to fill the rest of the jury panel for my innocent client Flamingo.” Toluene laughs out loud with a nod and stares at the jury box with two missing new jurors and one female teen left for questioning.
On the prosecution table, Litisha returns back to see last teen and exhales with annoyance. “What is your name, teenly juror?”
Inside the jury box, in the sixth chair, next to an empty seat, an average height girl with a head of long dark brown hair nods with a smile to Litisha. “My name is Lareen.”
Litisha smiles, “Can you be partial about your formal high school classmate, Miss Jeranda Exvanire?”
She smiles. “Yes.”
On the defendant’s table, Breck whispers into the cheekbone on Toluene. “Dismiss Lareen!”
Toluene frowns at teen Lareen. “This mind game will only go so far with the judge.”
Breck taps his purchased law textbook and sneers back into her suntanned cheekbone. “You are allowed a certain number of peremptory challenges with the jury pool. I read that information from my new legal law textbook, Attorney Toluene.”
Toluene exhales with annoyance at the silly court and the sillier teen. “I know that. I graduated law school. I’m a licensed lawyer.”
He growls. “Then, use it.”
Toluene shouts out loud with a stern face at Lareen. “I dismiss the teen, Your Honor.”
On the prosecution table, Litisha turns and frowns at the rear blonde colored hairy skull on Toluene. “Your Honor, I would like an explanation, before this potential juror finally leaves the jury box. Before, I must again continue to select three more potential jurors from the audience of teens.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia laughs out loud and stares at Litisha, “Hmm! I clearly recall that you liked the idea of a court of law setting for your client, the mother of the baby, while visiting my judge’s chamber office last week. And you also were amused with the idea of selecting six teenagers, who legally cannot smoke a cigarette or consume a pint of alcohol or yet vote for the President of the United States of America, but who can fill out a teenly jury panel. Are you having some second thoughts now, Attorney Litisha?”
On the prosecution table, Litisha slowly stands upright from the bench seat with a sour frown and spins around with a sneer, facing the audience of teens, shouting out loud. “Lift up your arm, if you possess a valid driver’s license. And I do not want to hear or see the arm of a football player, an AP student, or a dismissed teen. You, in the last row and the last seat, get up and get into the jury box.”
On the defendant’s table, Cinco spins around inside the bench seat and leans into the eardrum on Flamingo while narrowing his eyelids at the selected teen, saying out loud for his two brothers. “Litisha has selected Xantippi.”
Breck looks down and reads the information coming from the tiny screen on his mobile telephone. “Xantippi was born on August 2nd.”
Flamingo continues to face the nicely polished wood on front of the tall judge’s bench without seeing the furniture item and whispers back to his two brothers. “Xantippi is a Leo girl. A Leo personality is ruled by the solar sun with a Leo personality that is charismatic, strong, and shines. Each one takes on responsibility naturally. A Leo person is hard to miss as each one loves to be center stage. A Leo person is the leader of the universe and will cream my muffin. Xantippi is toast also. She will side with Jeranda over me.”
Breck stares down and whispers at the electronic list on his mobile telephone, “Got it!”
On the prosecution table, Litisha continues to survey each teen while listening to the wise words from Jeranda and jabs a manicured finger in neon green at the next female teen. “You, in row number five and seat two, get up and get into the jury box.”
On the defendant’s table, Cinco continue to spy and report back to his two brothers. “Litisha has selected Ivory.”
Breck looks down and reads the information coming from the tiny screen on his mobile telephone. “Ivory was born on December 17th.”
Flamingo continues to face the judge’s bench with a pair of closed eyelids and whispers back to his two brothers. “Ivory is a Sagittarius girl. A Sagittarius personality exhibits high intelligence, adventuresome, and curious. A Sagittarius personality is a truth-seeker where each one hits the road and like to talk too much with other while getting all the right or wrong answers. Knowledge is the key to their personality. A Sagittarius is featured with a bow and arrow that will shoot straight into my heart. Ivory is unacceptable as a juror member. Can her ass too!”
Breck continues to stare and whisper down at the screen on his phone, “Got it!”
On the prosecution table, Litisha continues to view each student audience while listening to Jeranda, jabbing a finger at the next female teen. “You, in row number six and last seat near the wall, get up and get into the jury box.”
On the defendant’s table, Cinco continue to spy and report back to his two brothers. “Litisha has selected Quelle.”
Breck looks down and reads the information coming from the tiny screen on his mobile telephone. “Quelle was born on January 21st.”
“Ugh!” Flamingo frowns with a set of closed eyelids without seeing the judge’s bench. “Quelle is born on the Cusp of Mystery and Imagination, where there is never a dull moment. She is an Aquarius girl with a set of Capricorn qualities that makes up the Capricorn-Aquarius cusp which falls between the dates from January 16th through 23rd. The Capricorn-Aquarius cusp girl possesses a set of contrasting energies. The strengths of a Capricorn-Aquarius cusp girl include determination, creativity, entertainment, idealistic thoughts, witty humor and empathetic. She will listen with her heart, not with her mind. Quelle is not acceptable for the jury box either for my fatherly paternity case. Strike her down, Breck!”
Breck continues to stares and whispers down at the electronic file on his phone, “Got it!”
Cinco spins around and leans into the cheekbone on Flamingo. “That’s three new non-potential jurors for your court trial tomorrow. However, we’re running out of high school students. And you’re running out of zodiac signs. You have rejected six of the twelve zodiac signs. Won’t it be easier to select the zodiac signs that you like?”
Flamingo opens his eyelids and smiles at the row of teens. Each teen student female moves across the court gallery floor and then enters down into the jury box. He whispers back to Cinco, “Yeah, it would, if we were not running the show. We are not running the show. We had tried and then failed. Litisha is haphazardly picking from the available teen audience any female that will side with Jeranda and rule against me.”
On the prosecution table, Litisha spins around with Jeranda and then sits down, staring with a smile at the first teen girl. “What is your teenly name, dear?”
Inside the jury box, the first three hard wooden chairs still contain high school senior females of Cilla, Retta Jean, and Messi, who sit quietly through the excitement of the teenly jury selection process while secretly pledging to vote for Flamingo. The fourth chair contains a petite female with a shoulder length red hair, nodding with a smile to Litisha. “My name is Xantippi.”
“Can you be partial about your formal high school classmate, Miss Jeranda Exvanire?”
She smiles. “Yes.”
On the defendant’s table, Breck leans over and starts to whisper into the cheekbone on Toluene.
Toluene exhales with annoyance and whispers back to Breck, staring at the new females inside the jury box. “I know your statement, before you state it,” she exhales with frustration and shouts out loud for each pair of eardrums. “I dismiss the teen, Your Honor.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia nods with a stern face to the teen. “You are dismissed, teen Xantippi.”
Litisha shakes her head and watches the teen move away from the jury box. “What is your name, dear?”
The teen girl nods with a smile. “My name is Ivory.”
“Can you be partial about your formal high school classmate, Miss Jeranda Exvanire?”
She smiles. “Yes.”
On the defense’s table, Breck nods in silence to Toluene. Toluene shouts out loud. “I dismiss the teen, Your Honor.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia turns and frowns at Toluene. “Now, I would like to know your reasoning here. What is your cause to dismiss this particular teen juror, Attorney Toluene?”
Toluene nods. “I draw upon a peremptory challenge that does not require a cause or an explanation, Your Honor.”
Judge Julia nods. “Then, I will remind that a peremptory challenge is a certain number of strikes, not striking out at every teen. I will allow the dismissal of this particular teen juror.”
She nods. “Yes ma’am.”
Litisha exhales with annoyance. “For the last potential juror, what is your name? And can you be partial about your formal high school classmate, Miss Jeranda Exvanire?”
The teen female is short with short brown hair and blue eyeballs. “My name is Quelle. And yes, I can be partial to Jeranda. I know you, Jeranda. I remember you from last year.”
On the defendant table, Breck leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Toluene, “Dismiss…”
Toluene stares with a stern face at Quelle. “I know your strategy. But you cannot dismiss each teen, because she has been born as a female. We must expect more females to occupy the jury panel.”
Breck whispers to Toluene. “Then ask for a set of potential male jurors instead.”
Flamingo nods with a smile to Breck.
Cinco claps with excitement and nods to Breck, leaning over, whispering into the cheekbone on Flamingo. “Breck, he has brought us some time. Which three teen males do you want to fill the rest of the jury box?”
Flamingo returns back and views the judge’s bench, closing his eyelids, whispering out loud from memory. “A Water sign personality is emotional and ultra-sensitive. Each Water sign person is intuitive and mysterious at the same time. Each Water sign person rarely does anything openly and is there to support their loved ones. No go with a Water sign male personality! Do not select a man with the zodiac signs of Cancer, Scorpio or Pisces.”
Cinco finds each date on his mobile. Breck, quickly re-sort your electronic file with all the male names by each month within the year. Now, go and remove each male name that holds a birth date from February 19th to March 20th for each Pisces fish guy. Remove any male with the birth date from June 21st to July 22nd for each cancer boy. Then remove each male with the birth date from October 23rd to November 21st for each Scorpion boy,” laughing.
Breck fiddles with the electronic file on his phone, “Got it!”
On the defendant’s table, Toluene nods to Breck and then returns to view Judge Julia, “All right! I can do that. “Your honor, we have rejected each potential juror, because she has been birthed as a female.” The gallery of female teens sound with boos. The gallery of male teens sounds with a set of loud claps and cheers.
Litisha frowns at the judge, “Your Honor, please do something here.”
Judge Julia laughs and then slaps the gravel. “Silence, please! What a dilemma! If we continue to waste time, then it will be my bedtime,” she laughs with the other attendees.
Litisha does not laugh but sneers. “This is unfair to my client. We have selected three jurors. We only need three more jurors and then we can start the trial today, right now. I wanna get this trial over with and finalized for my client, Your Honor. And I would like to remind that there is a legal systematic procedure that is used when selecting a jury of peers, Your Honor.”
On the defendant table, Flamingo continues to sit with a pair of closed eyelids and whispers out loud from memory. “The Air sign personality is rational, social, and love communication and relationships with other people. Each Air sign person is a thinker, friendly intellectual, communicative and analytical. Each Air sign person loves philosophical discussions, social gatherings, and good books. Each one gives advice and is very superficial. Gemini, Libra, and Aquarius are the Air signs. We do not want any of them on the jury panel.”
Cinco finds each date on his mobile. “Gemini, Libra, and Aquarius birth dates fall on the calendar year. Breck, quickly delete from the male file, each birth date from January 20th to February 18th; then May 21st to June 20th, and finally the date range from September 23rd to October 22nd.”
Breck taps on the keyboard and updates the file on his mobile telephone with a smile, “Got it! The list is getting really short.”
On the judge’s bench, Judge Julia frowns at Litisha. “Yes, there is a systematic process for selecting a jury panel. However, that is for a criminal court trial. There is not criminal here. And you and Attorney Toluene thought it would be fun to hold a court trial with a set of teenagers. I do believe that your theory is turning into a meadow of horse turds,” she laughs with the other teens. “Now, Attorney Toluene, what is your request regarding the jury panel.”
On the defendant table, Cinco looks up and stares at Judge Julia, returning back to see Litisha, leaning down into Flamingo. “Hurry, Flamingo! Your crappy attorney is winning something with the smart judge. We need to find only three males at our school that will fit on the jury panel and vote for you as a non-father. Then, you will have six votes of one hundred percent.”
Breck looks up and turns with a smile to see his baby triplet brother. “Cinco got it right with his newly improved math skills.”
Cinco sneers. “Shut up, Breck! Flamingo, who are the three males to complete the jury panel? This is our final chance or luck or pot of something. Name me some names, right now!”
Flamingo continues to sit with a pair of closed eyelids. “The Fire signs get angry…”
“Stop it with the four signs of something. Name a name to your attorney. She is spinning around and scanning the audience of males. Breck is spinning around also.”
On the defendant’s table, Toluene turns and smiles at the judge, “We would like the opportunity to select and interview three males for the empty three slots on the jury panel.”
Litisha sneers at the nose profile on Toluene. “No!”
Toluene turns and smiles at Litisha, “Why not? You got your three girls for your girly client. I want three guys for my manly client,” she turns and nods to the judge, “Your Honor, there are three females on the jury panel. We kindly ask for the equal number of males on the same jury pool. With all due respect, the prosecution has been allowed to pick and has only selected females, which will favor a female, who is a mother. Thus, we request to select three males this round.”
Judge Julia nods with a smile. “That is an excellent idea which will end the trying morning session that has almost moved into lunch time. Go for it!”
“Your Honor!” Litisha frowns.
Judge Julia lifts a hand and a smile at Litisha, “Believe it or not! I do know what I am doing here inside my courtroom, which is not yours. This is my way, which is not yours. And this will end the jury selection process very quickly. Go for it, Attorney Toluene!”
“Flamingo!” Cinco softly shouts into the eardrum on Flamingo.
Flamingo continues to sit with a pair of closed eyelids and whispers out loud. “The Fire signs get angry…”
“Stop it with the four signs of something!” Cinco leans over and mouth spits into the cheekbone on Flamingo. “Name a name to your attorney, dude! She is spinning around and scanning the audience of males. Breck is spinning around also and scanning the crowd of teens also.”
Flamingo continues to sit with a pair of closed eyelids and whispers out loud. “Give me the first birth date on the short list of high school teen males, Breck!”
“April, the nineteenth,” Breck leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Flamingo, staring down at the phone, not the audience of teens.
Flamingo laughs out loud without opening his eyelids. “Does that birth date look kinda familiar, Brick Brain?”
Breck gasps in alarm and then smiles, “O yeah!” He deletes his own birth date. “April 20th. Shit! That’s your naked birthday along with Cinco’s. Okay. I have removed our names, since we can’t serve as a pair of jurors for your legal case.”
Toluene continues to scan the audience of teen males with a smile. “I can’t believe my clever idea worked. I usually don’t get the cooperation of the judge. But I did this time. I’m so thrilled and excited at the same time. So, which three teens do you want to join the jury panel?”
Breck continues to stare down at his phone. “I…I’m scanning each male for the right one, Toluene. Is that okay now?”
She flips a hand into the air and then turns to smile at Litisha. “Take your time, Breck! This will really piss off Litisha. I hate that woman. As an attorney, she does not play fair and wants to win it all and she can win it all. Then I will lose it all. But, it’s really fun trying to stop her advancement like a chess game.”
Breck whispers into the cheekbone on Flamingo. “May 18th.”
Flamingo smiles, “That’s a matching Taurus male which is like my personality. Yes, who is that name?”
“Waylon.”
Flamingo grins. “Yes, he’s a nice and fair guy. Give that name to Toluene! What is the next birth date?”
“August, the eighteenth,” Breck leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Flamingo, staring down at the phone, not the audience of teens. He leans over and whispers to Toluene. “Call out the name Waylon. He’ll come up and sit in the jury box and he will vote for Flamingo as a non-father.”
“All righty that one!” Toluene continues to sneer at Litisha and turns around to view the audience of teen, standing upright from the bench seat, tossing both arms in the air. “Hello there! I’m back again. Do you remember me? Well, I remember all of you,” she laughs with the audience of teens and adults while making Litisha mad. “Could I please ask for teen Waylon to come up and sit with inside the jury box?”
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo continues to sit and whispers out loud. “No.”
Breck continues to sit and faces the audience, leaning down, whispering the next birth date into the cheekbone on Flamingo, “August, the thirteenth.”
Flamingo frowns with a pair of closed eyelids. “No. The Leo males are too strong-minded and don’t like face-to-face competition. Skip down to the birthdates from August 23rd to September 22nd.”
Teen Waylon wiggles side to side inside his chair and then slowly stands upright from the row, spinning around, bowing down at the waistline to his fellow classmates. The audience of teens invades the quiet room with a set of loud claps, hoots, and cheers for Waylon.
On the prosecution table, Litisha spins around and frowns at the childish action from the silly teen while whispering with Jeranda in private.
On the defendant’s table, Breck gasps in shock. “That birth date range is a Virgo personality. Violet is a Virgo girl. She didn’t wanna stay inside the jury box and help you, bro. Why do you think another Virgo personality will side with you here on your court case, Flamingo?”
Flamingo exhales with a stern face. “My girl Violet is upset with the entire father-thing, which is all a lie and a fib and a false statement about her guy, who is me. She’s too upset to think, only to cry about her feelings. I don’t blame her. I would be upset, if I was a girl too. However, a Taurus personality is always compatible with a Virgo personality. I feel that another male or female Virgo will side with me.”
“Look! Right now, we got no other choice or working law theory. Pick another male name, Flamingo.” Cinco stares at the back spine on Waylon inside the court audience.
Waylon stands upright with a smile and slowly scoots off the row of other teens, strutting down the empty aisle, waving both arms like a Hollywood movies star. He struts toward the flap door and slowly moves toward the jury box, pointing at each teen female with a smile.
At the defendant’s table, Toluene continues to stand and spins around and as her eyeballs follow the entertaining teen. She laughs with the other audience members.
At the prosecution table, Litisha sneers at the arrogant teen. Jeranda hisses at the chosen teen over one of the teen females and leans over with a whisper. “Flamingo is going to win here. What are you going to do now?”
Litisha smirks at the entertaining teen. “Don’t worry! Two can play the same game. We will still win. There are only a limited number of males left inside the audience of teens, after eliminating the entire football team players and all of the AP students. Once I dismiss each male teen from the jury panel, like Toluene did to me, we’ll go back to selecting a row of three more girls, finishing up the jury panel. Then, you will win without doubt.”
Jeranda gasps in alarm. “What doubt? I do not have any doubt here. Where is the doubt?”
She frowns at the silly male teen. “It is an expression of victory, Jeranda. Didn’t you graduate high school?”
Jeranda sneers. “I graduated into motherhood. That’s the only important school in life.”
She laughs. “Along with the important school of money, isn’t that right too, Jeranda?”
“Yes, that is right, too.”
“Don’t worry! You’ll get your money. Then, I’ll get my money.”
“Good!” Jeranda smiles, “We are both on the same page.”
On the defendant’s table, Breck continues to stare down at the screen on the mobile telephone and whispers into the cheekbone on Flamingo. “August 26th.”
Flamingo smiles with a whisper, “Yes, he is a Virgo man who can help me. Who is the name?”
Toluene spins around and scans the rest of the audience of teens. “Who is the second male teen you want on the jury panel, Breck?”
Breck whispers, “Egan.”
Cinco leans down and looks at Breck with worry. “Wait! He’s a football player. Don’t include any of the football players from the team.”
“Yeah, yeah, I deleted him. The next birth date is September 4th. Wait! That’s another football player. Gimme a sec here!” Breck taps on the keyboard and modifies the list.
Flamingo whispers. “No. That football player possesses a Sagittarius personality which is a truth-seeker, like our Grandmother McCory.”
Cinco gasps in alarm. “Grandmother McCory is a fair and just woman.”
Flamingo stares at the jury box. “She is only fair and just woman, when she figures it out. We don’t have time for a Sagittarius personality to figure it out with my personal butt-hole on the line. I need a shore thing here. Breck, skip further down on your list of teen males…”
Cinco spins around and scans the audience of teens. “We are running out of teens, Flamingo. Ask Toluene to show hands of available teen males excluding the football players, the AP students, the girls, and the already excused jurors from the jury box.”
Toluene slowly stands upright and points at two more teen males. “You, in row number three and sits in the third seat, get up and come over here. And you, in row number four and seat number seven, get up and come over here into the jury box. I don’t know your names but get up always.”
A tall teen male with a head of blonde colored hair slowly stands upright from the chair and leans over, performing a fist-bump with his set of male buddies, laughing out loud.
“Wait, Toluene! I have not given you the next name of the next teen name,” Breck looks up with a gasp to see the teen male.
Toluene spins around with a nod and sits down on top of the bench seat, staring at the jury box. “There now! It’s all done!”
Within the audience of rows, the first teen with blonde hair slowly scoots through the row and stands inside the empty aisle, moving ahead with a smile.
The second short teen wears a smile and a head of short light brown tinted hair, standing upright from the chair, exiting the row. He swiftly moves down the empty aisle and collides into the back spine on the first teen. They move ahead and enter the jury box in silence.
On the defendant’s table, Breck spins around and sits down, wearing a worried brow. “Yeah, it is all done!”
Flamingo continues to sit and frowns with worry at the two teens inside the jury box along with Cinco in silence.
Toluene smiles at the first male teen inside the jury box. “Your name is Waylon. Waylon, can you be partial about your high school classmate, Flamingo?”
“Yes,” Waylon nods with a smile to Flamingo.
On the prosecution table, Litisha frowns at Waylon. “Dismiss this teen, Your Honor.”
Toluene gasps in shock and turns with a sneer. “Why, Attorney Litisha?”
“It is a peremptory strike…challenge, dear,” Litisha laughs at Toluene.
Judge Julia frowns. “You are dismissed, teen Waylon.” Waylon slowly stands upright from the chair and exits the jury box, moving back to his chair within the audience with a smile.
On the defendant’s table, Toluene smiles at the second male teen inside the jury box, “The second teen male inside the jury box, what is your name? Can you be partial about your high school classmate, Flamingo?”
Inside the jury box, a tall male teen with a head of blonde colored hair leans back into the chair and places any arm around Retta Jean, turning to wink at her, returning back to see Toluene. “My name is Gene, which is short for the word, genius. Can I go fishing now? I did my homework. Flamingo is the father.”
Principal Marshall swiftly stands upright from the seat inside the audience galley and shakes his skull with a sour frown at. “No. You can go back to your chair. Or you can go back to school and take all of your academic examinations for the daylight hours until three o’clock, genius.”
Gene removes his arm from Retta Jean and then slowly stands with confusion at Marshall, “Why, Principal Marshall? I answered the question. The question was easy. Flamingo is the father. Yay! Good luck, buddy!” He scoots out the jury box with a laugh and moves across the floor.
“I dismiss this teen, Your Honor.” Toluene frowns.
Judge Julia nods. “You are dismissed, teen Gene.”
On the defendant’s table, Cinco leans over the wooden surface and sneers at Gene. “When I come back to school, Gene, ye be warned.”
Gene laughs at Cinco. “What are you warning me about, little boy, with no balls and no sharp horns on top of your dull looking hair roots?”
Cinco does not stand but slaps both palms onto the wooden surface with a sneer. “The upcoming rumble that involves your face and your ass.”
He stops and smiles at Julia. “Your Honor, tall and mean Cinco has threatened me with bodily harm over here. Come and arrest his ass, first, before Flamingo’s,” he laughs with some of the other teens. “Actually, Cinco is the real criminal here, if you wanna know the real truth. The boy is violent and vicious and…”
“Gene!” Marshall continues to stand and jabs a point into the audience of teens. “Get back into your previous chair, Gene! Or you will be taking a day’s worth of academic examinations today and tomorrow, before graduating high school the end of this week. I promise.”
Gene looks up and winks to Marshall, moving ahead with a laugh. “I’m going. I’m getting. I’m moving. I’m outta of here, ya’ll,” he exits the court gallery and assumes his previous chair, laughing with his buddies inside the audience. 
On the defendant’s table, Toluene smiles at the last male teen inside the jury box, “The last teen male inside the jury box, what is your name? Can you be partial about your high school classmate, Flamingo?”
A short teen male with a full head of light brown hair smiles at Toluene. “My name is Huntley. Hell, no! I can’t be part or partial or a party to this court thing. Flamingo is the father of that kid. Enjoy fatherhood, asshole! You deserve a life of wet diapers and green colored spit up, dipshit,” he stands upright with a laugh and tosses both arms into the air. Some teens shout out loud with claps and cheers. The other teens sound with a set of boos and hisses. He scoots off the jury box and returns back into the audience gallery, laughing with some of the other teens.
“Dismiss the jury candidate, Your Honor!” Toluene frowns.
Judge Julia nods with a stern face. “You are dismissed, teen Huntley,” she turns and nods to Litisha. “Well, I guess it is you turn here inside my courtroom, just like riding upon that single, solo rusty playground swing with your fellow enemy. Go for it, Attorney Litisha.”
Litisha and Jeranda both stand at the same and then spin around with a smile. The audience of females stands and lifts an arm in air, wiggling a hand at Litisha. Litisha points quickly. “You, in the first row, in the third chair, get up here. You, in the second row, in the fifth chair, come up also. And you, in the sixth row, in the seventh chair, come and sit in the jury box. All of you get up here and into the jury box for questioning,” she spins around and smiles, sitting down, staring at the jury box with Jeranda in silence.
Each female teen swiftly moves from the audience gallery and wears an ankle-length gown in a pastel color, sitting down inside the jury box with a smile in silence also.
Litisha nods with a smile to the female. “The first teen female, that I had selected for the jury box, what is your name? Can you be partial about your formal high school classmate, Miss Jeranda Exvanire?”
The petite female with a head of black hair laughs. “Who is Mr. McCory, the fourth?”
On the prosecution table, Litisha gasps in shock. “His nickname is Flamingo. Do you not know your school mate Flamingo?”
Ulyana gasps. “Are you really a father of that child, Flamingo?”
On the defendant’s table, Cinco sneers at his classmate, “Naw! Flamingo is not a father of any child here in this court room, here in the cow town of Lacy Springs, here in the State of Alabama, here in the country of America or here in the fucking world.”
She giggles with a wink. “O! That’s great to hear coming from your brother Cinco. So, I wanna have your baby, Flamingo. Will you marry me?”
Litisha gasps in shock and then waves a hand at the female teen with a sour frown. “Dismiss this jury candidate, Your Honor!”
Ulyana slaps her chest with a confused brow. “What did I do? What did I say?”
“Too much!” Flamingo continues to sit and laughs out loud with Cinco and the other teens.
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia smiles at the teen inside the jury box. “You are dismissed, teen Ulyana.”
Inside the jury box, Ulyana slowly stands upright with confusion. “Okay! Where or what place am I going to walk towards next, lawyer lady?”
“You are heading back to the high school for classroom, if you do not resume your previous chair here inside the courtroom.” Marshall stands upright from the first padded chair in the audience section on the first row behind the prosecution table with a sour frown and points into the crowd of teens.
She swiftly exits the jury stand and moves ahead, slowly prissing beside the defendant’s table, winking at Flamingo. She can smell his scent of spicy vanilla and nutmeg cologne inside her nose holes. “Flamingo, come and get me after this thing, we can make a baby.”
Next to Flamingo at the defendant’s table, Cinco laughs out loud and shakes his curls, “No, thanks! One baby is enough, ain’t right, Flamingo?”
Flamingo gasps in shock and just grins with a silly smile in silence at 
On the prosecution table, Litisha nods to the next female teen inside the jury box. “The next teen female, that I had selected for the jury box, what is your name? Can you be partial about your formal high school classmate, Miss Jeranda Exvanire?”
Inside the jury box, in the fourth seat, next to Messi, a tall teen female with a short hairstyle in strawberry blonde hue smiles, “My name is Olena. I know Flamingo; he’s a badass and an asshole. I don’t know if Flamingo is the father of the child. But, I wanna hear all the vocal and slimy evidence and then I will decide on my own accord.”
Litisha smiles, “We accept this teen juror Olena.”
Toluene frowns. “Please dismiss the teen juror Olena for obvious reasons, Your Honor.”
On the judge’s bench, Judge Julia frowns. “You are dismissed, teen Olena.” Olena stands with a giggle and scoots from the jury box, returning back to her chair with her girlfriends, fist-bumping for fun.
On the prosecution table, Litisha nods to the next female teen inside the jury box. “The next teen female in the jury box, what is your name? Can you be partial about your formal high school classmate, Miss Jeranda Exvanire?”
Inside the jury box, in the fifth seat, next an empty chair, the teen female is average height with a head of black colored hair, nodding with a smile at Flamingo. “I know Flamingo. He knows me. My name is Warrane. He fucked me too. I got preg-nancy and then I aborted our child.”
“Fucking cunt!” Flamingo sneers at Warrane.
On the prosecution table, Litisha claps with a smile and then jabs a finger to Warrane, “Really! I wanna represent you, girlfriend.”
“Dismiss this teen girl, please, Your Honor.” Toluene frowns.
On the judge’s bench, Judge Julia frowns. “You are dismissed, teen Warrane.” Warrane slides off the jury box and returns back to her seat, giggling with her girlfriends for the fun adventure.
At the prosecution table, Litisha swiftly stands upright from the shared bench seat and spins around, facing the audience of teens. A set of wiggling arms shoot up and wave a hand at Litisha. She quickly points out three more teen girls, smiling with a giggle. “You, in row fourth, seat number four, get up and come on down. You, in row five, seat number one, come on down too. You, in row number two, seat number three, get up and get into the jury box,” she spins around with a smile and sits down, watching each teen girl. Each girl takes an empty seat in the front row of the jury box, wiggling side to side with excitement of the court trial.
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo leans over and sneers at Toluene. “Litisha, she took away our turn for the jury panel selection process.”
Toluene stares at the new three teens inside the jury box. “Grow up, Flamingo. Stop acting like a baby with a pair of dirty diapers. This is legal law mind game. Don’t worry about it. We will still reject each girl that we don’t want to sit on the jury box.”
Flamingo sits back and buzzes his lips in frustration with his hired and paid legal lawyer in silence along with his upset baby brother triplet Cinco. First born triplet brother Breck continues to stare in silence at each new girl inside the jury box.
On the prosecution table, Litisha continues to sit and smiles at the first teen female, “What is your name? And can you be partial with my client, who is eighteen years old Jeranda and a former high school student at Lacy Springs High?”
Inside the jury box, next to Messi, sitting in the fourth chair, a petite and plump teen with a head of long strawberry-blonde colored hair slaps her chest with a smile, wearing a short pink tinted fancy prom dress. She smiles at Flamingo. “Can I be in your upcoming wedding, Flamingo? Are you tossing a great big beautiful wedding and getting married, right now, here, inside the courthouse, Flamingo? I’m going to wear this dress, my pink one, and act as your best brides-man,” she stands upright from the hard chair and extends both arms, slapping the face on Retta Jean and the other teen female in the fifth hard chair.
On the defendant’s table, Toluene laughs out loud with a smile at the silly teen. “The bride is the one that picks out her set of bridesmaids, not the groom. There is no such thing as a brides-man, teenager.”
Flamingo gasps in alarm and continues to stare at the unfamiliar teen.
Cinco continues to sit beside Flamingo and shakes his curls with laughter, “Naw!”
In the fifth hard chair, a tall and slender brown headed teen female growls with annoyance and slaps the hand on teen Sebina. “Sit down, Sebina! Flamingo ain’t going to marry you,”
Sebina sits down and frowns at Flamingo in silence.
A tall and slender teen slowly stands upright from the hard chair and wears a black colored body-fitting gown, winking at Flamingo. “Flamingo is a nice and kind gentleman of the South. I know and like and love Flamingo. I can’t testify against him, ever. So, he’s going to marry me…”
“Naw, Ueba! No way! You’re wrong and you’re ugly,” the voice shouts out loud from the female on top of the sixth hard chair in the jury row and as she displays a head long red hair and an average body frowns. “Flamingo is going to marry Violet. Everyone knows that. Did you see her great big shiny diamond engagement ring? Hey, Flamingo. Since I can’t marry you, then I wanna be a brides-man in your wedding too.”
Flamingo gasps in shock and continues to stare at the three unfamiliar teens, who attend the regular classes with Cinco and Breck.
Tall and slender teen Ueba laughs. “Well, Flamingo might wanna marry Violet. But Violet doesn’t wanna marry her man. She walked out from the courthouse without a hand wave or a mouth kiss or a bird from her middle finger. I don’t think Violet loves you anymore, Flamingo.
Flamingo gasps in alarm and looks down, staring at the bench seat pondering theses painful words.
The sixth juror laughs. “Are you going to marry Violet or Ueba, Flamingo? Can I still be part of your wedding, Flamingo? I’ll buy my own bridesmaid’s dress.”
Sebina turns and sneers at the shorter teen, slapping her chest. “I’m marrying Flamingo today here inside the courthouse. That’s why I came. That’s why he invited me here. That’s why Violet left the courtroom. She doesn’t wanna marry Flamingo. But I do. And you ain’t coming or invited to my wedding. Get lost, Sebina and Tamber!”
Cinco laughs. “Flamingo ain’t marrying her or you or she or it today or tomorrow for any reason, dudettes.”
Sebina turns and winks at Flamingo. “Well, I am ready for our marriage ceremony, Flamingo. Can we do it right now? I’m all dressed for the occasion.”
Ueba laughs. “Only if it is a shotgun wedding and then you get no wedding dress, Sebina.”
Sebina turns and sneers at her senior classmate, “Naw, I disagree. Now days, a shotgun is a wedding without the shotgun but with the pretty wedding dress,” laughing.
On the defendant’s table, Cinco laughs out loud. “Geez, I wished that I had brought my gun to calm the violence here inside the courtroom. We need to some more law and order here inside the courtroom.”
Breck laughs. “Gawd, angry and bitter three females are vicious.” 
“She, she and she, each she is dismissed from the pool of jury, right now, Your Honor.” Litisha swiftly stands upright from the shared bench seat with her client Jeranda and points with a sneer to each fighting teen.
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia exhales with annoyance. “You, three teen females may leave the jury box, right now.”
Litisha tosses her hand in the air with a sneer at the three silly teenage girls. “Did you hear the judge? You can go. Get up, girls. You are not part of the jury panel ever.”
Ueba reaches over and slaps the face on short Sebina, sneering with angry. “Flamingo does not wanna me you. He’s going to marry me, since Violet has bailed on him.”
“No, Flamingo is gonna marry me,” petite Sebina stands and leans over, wiggling her set of manicured claws at the face on Ueba.
Ueba swiftly stands upright from the chair. Sebina tumbles down and hit the legs on the sixth juror Tamber. The three females start tossing a pair of fists at each other and screaming out loud.
Within the jury box, in the first hard chair, Cilla swiftly scoots off the jury row and stands near the forward wall, watching the terrible fight between the three girls. Messi and Retta Jean follow suit and stand in a row with Cilla while watching in silence the screaming cat fight.
In the audience section, each teen stands upright from the padded chair and tosses both arms in the, shouting out loud, “Fight! Fight! Fight!”
On the prosecution table, Litisha jabs a finger at each girl with a shout, “Geez! Dismiss the teens, Your Honor!”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia stands upright from her chair and wrestles with her black silk robes, jabbing a finger covered in black silk at each fighting teen female with a sneer. “You are dismissed. You are dismissed. You are dismissed. Bailiff and sheriff, please remove those three fighting females from my courtroom, right here, right now.”
“Yes ma’am!” The bailiff swiftly moves away from the side wall, stops, and stands in front of jury box, reaching out with a sneer, grabbing one of the three fighting teen girls. He yells out loud while the girl hits his face with her hand. “Stop this! You are too old to fight with each other like a set of elementary students. Stop it!”
On the rear wall, in front of the closed double entrance doors of matching red tinted walnut, Tommy Lee stands upright and laughs at the silly scene, pointing to the jury box. Two of his devoted police deputies quickly races away from the rear wall and enters the court gallery, stopping between the bailiff, reaching out, grabbing one of the fighting teens.
The three adult law enforcement officers, each drag a fighting, bleeding, and screaming teen female from the jury box, over the courtroom floor, and out the courtroom setting. Tommy Lee laughs and closes the entrance door with a smile, shaking his skull, turning to face the judge. He nods in silence and continues to stand guard inside the courtroom.
Cilla, Messi, and Retta Jean return back into their assigned juror chairs in silence.
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia unravels her black silks with a sour frown. “Well, that was exciting for some people. We are still lacking three jurors for the jury box.”
On the prosecution table, Litisha slowly stands upright from the shared bench seat with a smile and turns around to view the audience of teens. Each teen continues to stand and lip gossips about the cat fight with a set of giggles and smiles. Litisha exhales with annoyance. “Everyone, sit down.” Each teen continues to stand and lip gossips without obeying Litisha.
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia sits down and continues to unravel her black silk robe with a sour frown. “Sit down! Let’s quickly finish the jury selection process before the lunch bell.”
Litisha smiles at the audience of sitting teens and lifts a finger, pointing through the crowd of girls. “I pick…” A series of loud laughter echoes throughout the courtroom. Litisha spins around and stares at Judge Julia. “What is so funny, Your Honor? I didn’t hear the joke.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia continues to laugh. “The joke is on you.”
“What!”
She frowns. “What are you doing, Attorney Litisha?”
“I’m scouting through the audience of teens for three more picks for the empty three seats in the jury box.”
She continues to smile. “Then, you don’t know.”
Litisha frowns. “I don’t know, Your Honor.”
“Then you haven’t a clue.”
“I haven’t a clue, Your Honor.”
She spins her finger around with a smile. “Well then, turn back around and watch this. In the audience of teens, please, lift your arm above our head that holds your valid and personal driver’s license, if you have not been selected for the jury box test, yet. And let me remind you that I know who you are and who you are not also.” Each teen laughs out loud with amusement at the judge. 
On the prosecution table, Litisha spins around with a sour frown and scouts the audience in silence. A set of three individual arms slowly lift up toward the ceiling and wiggles their individual driver’s license coming from an individual teen. She gasps in shock.
A series of loud laughter echoes throughout the courtroom coming from every face but Litisha and Jeranda.
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia smiles. “Will the three individual please rise and come up and join the three other jurors inside the jury box?”
A set of three teens slowly stand and move through the courtroom floor, sitting inside the jury box, staring each face with a smile. Each one bumps an arm with a set of chuckles.
On the prosecution table, Litisha spins around with confusion and stares at Judge Julia, “What has happened here? Why couldn’t I select the three jurors from the teen pool? I don’t understand, Your Honor.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia smiles and lifts up a single sheet of paper near her jaw line. “What did not happen? I marked down on my charting seat which teen had been selected, had been rejected, and had been ineligible. My charting seat only showed three more teens among the audience that had not been selected but qualified to sit inside the teenly jury box. Why do not have a charting seat, Attorney Litisha? This simple pen-and-paper tool clarifies it all within your world in law. You should try it sometimes.”
Litisha gasps in alarm and then sits down, looking down at the naked wood, whispering for her eardrums only. “I am only one person here. I do it all.”
Jeranda leans over and frowns into the earlobe on Litisha. “What does that mean for me, Litisha? I didn’t get to pick a set of three females that will vote for me and my baby against Flamingo. He might win over me tomorrow during our court trial. What are we going to do now?”
She exhales with embarrassment of the moment and sneers down at the wooden table. “We are doing nothing. We will still win with or without our three female jurors. Don’t worry about it, Jeranda. Just show up here and listen to me work my lawyering stuff,” she looks up and smiles at Jeranda.
Jeranda frowns. “But I’m still worried. This is my life and the life of my child here.”
She nods with a stern face to Jeranda. “Your baby is healthy. And you will be also.” 
On top of the judge’s bench, Judge Julia slaps the gavel on top of the wooden surface and nods with a smile. “The teenly jury panel of six teenagers has been picked, finally. The students are allowed to leave my court room, finally. Tomorrow, we will convene at eight o’clock for the court trial between Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth versus Miss Jeranda Exvanire. To the jury box of teens, please come back to the courtroom tomorrow. I am quite sure that Principal Marshall will excuse your presence from each one of your high school academic examinations. Bailiff, escort all the high school students outta of here, right now. I’m hunger for my lunch meal,” laughing. “Also I require a meeting with Principal Marshall, sometimes this afternoon, with a student arrangement inside my courtroom for a very unique and usually court trial,” she stands upright from the chair and sighs with annoyance, spinning around, exiting her courtroom. She disappears behind the closed door on the side wall.
The bailiff shuffles around the courtroom and waves both arms, scooting the rowdy students out the door without a word.
On the defendant’s table, Breck continues to sit and turns with a sneer into the cheekbone on Toluene, “Tomorrow, you print out and bring to me all the prosecution papers for the court trial…”
“You can’t tell me what to do, kid.” Toluene turns and growls at Breck.
Breck spins around and views his mother on the first row, shouting out loud with a smile, “Mama!”
“Fine!” Toluene swiftly stands upright from the bench seat and leans down, sneering at Breck. “I will print out and bring you a ton of worthless pieces of papers. I hope you enjoy killing the woodlands of innocent shade trees. The papers will fill the entire wooden table surface, right here,” she spins around with a sour frown and stares at the back spine on each teenager, exiting the court gallery, whispering for her eardrums only. “I got a headache. I am never having a baby. Else, it will grow up to become a teen. I’ll be so glad when tomorrow is over and done with, especially working with a batch of stupid teens,” she shoves the back spine on each teen from her warpath and finally exits the courtroom, exhaling with a huff of annoyance, moving toward her personal automobile.
On the defendant’s table, Breck slowly spins around and sneers at the back spine on Toluene until she blends into the crows of teens, returning back and stands upright from the shared bench seat with his two brothers. Each brother reaches out and shakes a hand or provides a light kiss on the female cheekbone to the new set of jurors that slowly passes with a hand wave and a smile to the triplets on the defense table. Breck looks down and reads the screen on his personal mobile telephone with a gasp. “I don’t believe this. I can’t believe this.”
Flamingo turns and gasps at the cheekbone on Breck with alarm. “What do you not or cannot believe, Breck? What’s wrong? What’s happened now?”
Breck laughs out loud. “Santos, Orton, and Mokpo were the last three males among the teens and the final three picks on the jury box. Each one is born in the month of December.” 
Flamingo gasps. “You’re shitting me!”
Breck looks up and winks at Flamingo with laugher. “I do not shit on my brother. They are birthed with the zodiac sign of a hard-working, honesty, and compatible Capricorn that loves, worships, and bows down on their kneecaps to a Taurus person like Flamingo.”
Flamingo grins. “Amen!”
“Damn straight and proud of it too!” Cinco nods with a smile.
Each triplet continues to stand behind the wooden bench and lifts up a hand in the air, slamming it against another brother’s palm. Each one lowers the same hand and forms a fist, performing a fist-bump and loudly chuckles with laughter. They exit the defendant’s table and move down an empty aisle, bumping into each other with a set of loud laugher and happy smiles, strutting out the courtroom and toward their individual vehicles that are parked inside the courthouse lot.
Inside the courtroom, on the prosecution table, Jeranda slowly stands upright from the bench seat and presses down her new dress, turning with confusion to see the triplets. She leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Litisha. “What are they all happy about? I’m going to win the paternity case tomorrow morning.”
Litisha turns and smiles at the row of triplets. “They can laugh now. Tomorrow is going to be a new day. And we’re going to win it all including the money, honey.” She scoots out from the prosecution table and moves with some of the students through the open archway.
Jeranda nods with a laugh. “I agree with that,” she scoots sideways and hugs her mother Ferdome, looking down with a grin at her sleeping three-month-old baby boy.




Continue the adventures of Breck, Flamingo, and Cinco in the final e-novel which is entitled Trip Bet...

