TRIP

ipam





Smashwords Edition Copyright 2019 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Teen adventure drama…


Breck, Flamingo, and Cinco, they are teen triplet brothers living in the tiny cow town of Lacy Springs within the US State of Alabama, where the sun shines bright in the summertime and then goes dull in the winter months.


Each brother loves their mama, attends the high school classes and has lots of fun doing numerous teenly male things, such like, sports, hunting, fishing, dating, and mudding.


However, their teeny fun becomes interrupted when a new cowgirl named Lacey with an “e” comes riding up inside her jacked up black colored pickup truck and then stirs up girly trouble between the three brotherly triplets inside the tiny cow town of Lacy Springs.









Adults:

Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior, deceased
Adair Bibb, employee of Robert Earl
Arie Ashley Dunlap Balegreen wife of Breck, Junior
Aurora Carter Dunlap Gordon, sister of Arie and wife of Moe
Robert Earl Balegreen, granddaddy of triplets, scientist
Jarvis Dunlap, grandpa of triplets, Arie’s daddy, farmer
Reese Dunlap, housewife, grandma of triplets, Arie’s mama
Iredell Balegreen, housewife, grandmother of triplets
Tommy Lee Sinclair, sheriff


Teens:


Babbie Cummings, student
Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior, III, student
Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior, IV, student
Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior, V, student
Brett Cooper, student
Doyle Tate, student
Fannie Tifton, student
Lacy Newton, student
Retta Jean Moore, student
Violet Meeks, student
Yancy Oakes, student





Present day and place


Sunday August 24th

City of Lacy Springs within US State of Alabama
   (15 miles, south, from Huntsville)
Hot temperatures with parted clouds of hot sunshine

Balegreen Ranch home
     (Four miles, northeast, from Highway 231 and north Highway 31)

Pig Pen setting
4:49 pm


Three carefree, seventeen years old, males lounge a pair of bare feet off an individual ratty torn and food stained chocolate brown clothed chaise lounge chair. Each lounge chair is strategic placed away from each other’s arm span with loving instructions from their mother Arie inside the teenly man cave with a properly working air conditioning system also.
The rectangular space is the floor size of a basketball court extending up towards twenty feet of height into the painted ceiling which also happens to hold a set of stuck chewed gun wads and a few fossilized tobacco spit wads. Cinco had proven his working theory that tongue spit and moist tobacco chew nicely combined and then formed a wonderful spit ball that also stuck upside down onto any high surface.
The floor is made of solid dark wood but has been covered in a soft puke green tinted foam mat that nicely scoots around each lounge chair which protrudes from each wall but the entrance wall. The famed “Pig Pen” space is used to shoot a single basketball through a single dangling white basketball net which is attached to the blue tinted metal hoop that stands thirteen feet from the floor over the open archway of the room. The ring is secured to a fan-shaped red tinted fiberglass backboard that nicely clashes with the dull painted yellow walls.
Each male laughs and chats in the same baritone timber on an individual mobile telephone while playing with an individual remote control devise for each electronic game station. The remote control devise is connected to the mainframe video gaming station, currently starring one particular inactive cyber military warfare game inside the confine of a seventy-inched plasma television.
A single country music song blasts with an array of blaring fiddles and rolling drums coming from an overhead speaker that pipes music inside Pig Pen from the mobile telephone playlists that Breck has developed.
And finally a second active seventy-inched plasma television in the opposite wall corner follows an active professional football game, without the volume sound.
On the forward wall from the entrance door, middle triplet Flamingo nervously taps his fingers against the edge of his laptop, creating a set of weird musical notes, staring at the blank screen with a stern face. “What does the word, arcology, mean?” The football flies across his face, landing into a different pair of hands.
Flamingo measures in height at six feet and six inches. His short blonde colored curls peek-a-boo over both of his ear points, where a smashed-down camouflage colored green, beige, and tan ass-backward baseball cap sits on top of his hairy skull. The baseball cap covers the entire forehead. He weighs 269 pounds on a medium-sized body frame with a heart-shaped face, a pair of baby blue eyes, a set of two apple-shaped cheekbones, an aristocratic nose bridge, and a tone of bronze tinted skin.
Baby triplet Cinco catches the flying football and then paws the object, laughing at his brother Flamingo. “The study of past human fossilized shit that has been encrusted up each one of their skeletal skinny assholes correctly pronounced as the word, archaeology, dude.”
Cinco measures in height at six feet and six inches. His ringlets of blonde colored curls cascade down and cover both of his earlobes and parts of his throat and then slightly bounces across a set of broad shoulders. His hair parts perfectly down the middle of his skull exposing a naked forehead. He weighs 269 pounds on a medium-sized frame with a heart-shaped face, a pair of baby blue eyes, a pair of two apple-shaped cheekbones, an aristocratic nose bridge, and a tone of bronze tinted skin.
“A.r.c.o.l.o.g.y, the word spells arcology, man.” Flamingo frowns with annoyance as the football flies across his cheekbone without harm coming from the talented arm on Cinco.
Breck catches the football, smiling at Cinco. “I told you not to take all of those hard AP classes, bro.”
Breck measures in height at six feet and six inches. His cropped blonde colored hair has a wavy part on the left side, flowing across the forehead. He weighs 269 pounds on a medium-sized frame with a heart-shaped face, a pair of baby blue eyes, a pair of two apple-shaped cheekbones, an aristocratic nose bridge, and a tone of bronze tinted skin.
Inside Pig Pen, the three teen males are three biological brothers and also a set of identical triplets, who are named after their deceased father, Breck Freehurst Balegreen Junior, and are loved by their mother, Arie Dunlap Balegreen.
The first born triplet arrived at 11:57 pm on April 19th under the sign of the Aries, the ram.
The other two triplets arrived at 12:02 am and 12:05 am on April 20th under a different zodiac astrological sign of Taurus, the bull. Taurus-people enjoy tactile physical contact of tender and sensual body touches along with a comfort zone of fake or real pleasing, soothing objects.
Where the child of Aries (aka Breck) loves the game, Taurus (aka Flamingo and Cinco) loves the rewards of the game, since Flamingo and Cinco share the zodiac’s trait of physical pleasures and material goods in their exotic delicious excess.
Taurus-people enjoy their tactile contact of tender and sensual touching along with a comfort zone being surrounded by pleasing, soothing things. The Bull symbol represents both bull-headedness and stubbornness, but each Taurus person is very happy to plod along toward the finish line for the rewards of material possessions which is both flesh and steel.
Not only are the three identical triplets on the cusp of manhood, at the age of seventeen years old, but each one shares the cusp of power on the same zodiac chart also. A cusp within the zodiac chart is an individual end point where two very different celestial personalities clash or combine or both experience both actions into a huge fireball, figuratively speaking, of course. The end point represents a range of specific calendar dates that coincide with the movements of the sun which affects the personality within each cusp person.
The Aries-Taurus cusp is called the Cusp of Power that lies between the calendar dates of April 17th through April 22nd. The Aries-Taurus personality is authoritative and bold making the cusp person a natural born leader. The person takes charges of any situation at work or at home or at a social event, when the two zodiac energies mix, creating an impulsive Aries that lends energy and pushes forward toward goals with a practical Taurus trait which takes care of all the details.
The Aries-Taurus cusp person rolls over the opinions and desires of other people and cannot stand to watch any individual do a thing, since the Aries-Taurus cusp person knows the darn right way to do it better.
However, the Aries-Taurus has some good traits also. The person is funny, helpful, strong, and dependable that will always shine with their own powerful light.
Each triplet uses and abuses their Aries-Taurus personality.
Breck is the first born leader among the triplets and is responsible for his mother’s welfare. He plans to attend college and then hopefully graduate law school, rather than watching the legal activities from the sidelines as he assists in operating the Balegreen cow and farm ranch.
Flamingo is the first born academic leader among his three brothers and his school peers, playing the star quarterback for Lacy Springs High School football team and closely follows each astrological celestial horoscope for his person, his family, and all strange teen girls while searching for the best compatible female to entertain his superficial inflated super-ego and bullish Taurus personality. He secretly waits for his princess bride, of course, after graduating with a medical degree from Birmingham University, which is also nicknamed as Burn U that is located within the city of Birmingham, Alabama.
Cinco is the first born badass among all the male teens within the small cow town of Lacy Springs with a pair of scuffed leather boots and a set of scarred fists, proving his wild Taurus bullish undefeated title, playing the superstar defensive tackle on the Lacy Springs High football team, since he likes to attack people, both verbally and physically. Except for his steady girlfriend Babbie, she is going to be his future bride, after she graduates from both high school with Cinco and then goes to college alone.
Their mother Arie stands five feet and two inches of petiteness, weighing one hundred pounds with more gray hair than blonde while trying to control her three mischievous teen son-of-a-guns on an hourly basis. She was born on October 8th under the zodiac sign of Libra.
A Libra focuses on others and how they relate in their pretty world, since they epitomize balance, harmony, and fair play. The zodiac sign is an image of a set of balancing scales. Arie is a balanced person in both justice and fairness wanting to do what’s best for her boys, her ranch, and her family.
So far, middle-aged and single mother Arie has almost achieved her only dream and desire. Each son is a senior this year that plans to graduate high school and then transfer into the college environment. And she is shoving them out the front door into the world of college life with a heavy heart, a worried mind, and a fake smile, knowing that a man and a woman must rule their own world without the attachment of a set of long strands on their mama’s sissy blue tinted cooking apron.
Breck Freehurst Balegreen, the third is the first born son and wears a very serious or sour personality depending on the current teen scene as the leader of the triplets. He is overly protective of his mother and his two brothers. He usually dresses in a pair of clean blue jeans, a clean white cotton shirt, and his favorite pair of black and blue ostrich-skinned cowboy boots, a blue cowboy hat, and a lightweight sports jacket on cold nights. He drives a jacked up 4x4 white colored pickup truck to school and around the town of Lacey Springs within the US State of Alabama.
Flamingo is really named as Breck Freehurst Balegreen, the fourth. He wears a very raw, rowdy, and restless teenly personality. He dresses in a pair of repaired and ratty camouflage colored green, beige, and tan cargo pants that ends at the bottom of his kneecaps. He displays daily a vile word-scribbled different colored T-shirt, a pair of dark brown worn nasty flip flops on his naked feet, and that same ass-backwards camouflage green, tan, and beige tinted baseball cap over his ratty blonde curls that fall down around both of his ears. He drives a red tinted Chevy Camaro sports car really very fast, without his mother’s permission. And he is nicknamed Flamingo, after a set of pink tinted flamingo printed animal pajamas during his childhood.
Flamingo had worn a set of pink tinted flamingo-patterned animal pajamas at the age of two years old toddler while carrying around a matching pink tinted flamingo stuffed animal underneath a left armpit. He would not depart with the toy animal during eating, sleeping, or shitting until age of eight years old.
His mother Arie purposefully has stored the hard evidence of numerous visual photographs for visual proof, when Flamingo becomes too rough and raw for her personal blackmailing scheme. She continues to teach her precious middle child among the triplets to act like a proper Southern 
Cinco is really named Breck Freehurst Balegreen, the fifth. He is born behind the butt-holes of his older brothers Breck and Flamingo in the city of Homestead within the US State of Florida at a military hospital. Their dad had been a paratrooper for the United States military forces.
Cinco represents the number five in the Spanish language that honors their Florida birthplace. Until their mother Arie had moved all of them back home to the US State of Alabama, when the boys turned two years old, after the tragic death of their biological father.
Cinco is the baby brother of the triplets displaying a happy and laid-back attitude with his friends, families, and foes, including both male and female. He rides a blue tinted motorcycle with his long blonde curls streaming out from the motorcycle helmet and likes to wear a black leather jacket over a stark, sometimes, slightly dirty white short-sleeved shirt, and a pair of black leather riding boots.
On the forward wall, inside the lounge chair, middle triplet Flamingo scratches his blonde whiskers while studying Breck with a stern face. “We all three took the advanced placement tests for science, math, and history. We all three are a set of triplets coming from the same zygote with the same brilliant IQ. Therefore, we all three must have passed each one of the AP tests. Why ain’t ya’ll, two in all of my academic classes with me?” The football flies across his face, landing into a different pair of hands.
Breck catches the football again with a chuckle. “I failed.”
“Ditto, dude,” Cinco chuckles.
“You failed all of your AP tests. How do you fail an AP test? Why did you fail each one of your AP tests? What in fuckingly hell for?” Flamingo frowns with puzzlement at the mentally reason for his brothers denting a future college application.
“For the extra work,” Cinco sniggers and holds both hands in front of his face for the football.
“For the absent whores,” Breck winks to Cinco, tossing the football across Flamingo’s face again.
Flamingo slowly reaches out and then misses the flying football. “There’re a set of pretty and ugly whores within my AP academic classes.”
Cinco catches the football with a smile. “Teen whore-man is right. There’re more ‘pretty things’ within the regular easy academic classes.” Then the football flies across Flamingo’s face again into the hands of Breck again.
Flamingo shakes his baseball cap at the stupid conversation. “Look up the word arcology on your cell phone for me, Cinco!”
“Naw. I busy battling against General Breck and his vicious fellow cyber soldiers. Use your own cell, dude!” Cinco reaches down and then picks up the neglected remote control box that is connected to the inactive electronic gaming station, working the gears side to side, activating the silent guns. He shoots dead all the numerous non-moving soldiers in Breck’s army with a laugh, since Breck is looking down, silently reading a magazine while ignoring the electronic game and Flamingo.
“Naw. Look up the damn word arcology. So, I can finish my paper. It’s due tomorrow. Why ain’t ya’ll working on your research paper, instead of playing around with that fucking football?” The football flies from the hands of Breck and dashes across Flamingo’s face again. Flamingo turns and snarls at Breck on the side wall.
“Flamingo’s whiny today. Does Mama need to change your shitty diapers, little boy?” Cinco tosses the football back to Breck with a chuckle.
Breck catches the football with a smile. “I’m all done with my research paper, bro,” he flies the ball above Flamingo’s skull.
Cinco catches the football with a laugh. “Ditto, dude!” He tosses the football across Flamingo’s nose bridge again.
Flamingo frowns with puzzlement at each brother. “You are done. As in, you have completed your five pages of 2,000 correctly spelled words, not including the title or all the reference pages. What’s your topic, Breck?”
“You know Lacy Springs is the most boring farm town in the state.” Breck sniggers.
“What’s the topic of your paper, Cinco?” Flamingo exhales with annoyance.
“You know the US State of Alabama is the most boring state within the nation.” Breck sniggers again.
Flamingo glides the laptop to the side of seat, standing upright from the lounge chair, stretching out his numb limbs and grabs a stapled thin paper from Cinco. He moves the paper into his face with a sour frown, reading out loud the title. “Motorcycle Racing by Breck Freehurst Balegreen, the Fifth,” he looks up with a stunned brow to see Cinco. “Cinco, this is written in ink, an ink pen. You used a blue ink pen to print and not type out, but to print in your lousy handwriting your research paper, without the benefit of a computer space age laser jet.”
“Ditto, dude!” Cinco paws the football with a wink at Breck.
“Right on, bro!” Breck chuckles with a nod back to Cinco.
Flamingo frowns. “I hate AP history, art, science, and math, but not ‘AP’ girls,” he wiggles both eyebrows with a smile for fun.
“Not as much as Breck loves all the Awesome Pretty or AP girls.” Cinco laughs.
Flamingo sits back down and jabs a finger and a laugh at Breck, lifting the laptop back onto his lap table, wiggling back into the warm chaise with a smile. “Man, you’re going to get your family jewelry hanging out there all over one of these pre-occupied spaces into major trouble, where our granddaddy’s money can’t get you out of one day, Breck” he laughs with Cinco.
“How many virgins are left at LSH?” Cinco pitches the football to Breck.
Breck catching the ball and paws it with a smile. “There are five virgins and swiftly reducing down to zero without counting any of the incoming freshman ladies.”
“They ain’t no more virgins in high school, since they’re knocked out.” Flamingo watches the football pass in front of his nose bridge again.
Cinco catches the football with a smile. “The term is knocked up, not out. Are you really going to become the future medical physician within our family tree? I ain’t bringing any of my children to you. Fore!” He passes the ball to Breck, flying it in front of the nose bridge on Flamingo again.
Flamingo drops his mouth and then covers his grin, jabbing a finger at Cinco. “O my gawd, boy! Your steady and pretty girlfriend Babbie is expecting your very first child. When is the baby due six more months from now? Let’s see that would be around…”
“Hush it, Flamingo!” Breck frowns with annoyance.
“Did you use your birthday ploy to attract the latest and lastest virgin-girl, again, Breck?” Cinco looks down with a smile, studying at the new homework problem.
“Always! It works every damn time. Hey! Me and you need to go to the new Mudder Ride competition that is held in small town Gardendale at the Grey Stone Quarry, Cinco. It opens in the month of November.” Breck continues to read the magazine.
“How many birthdays did you celebrate, so far, dude?” Cinco continues to study the homework problem.
“If I count last Saturday night, then I have celebrated nine individual birthday parties with nine different virgins. That’s an average of two per month.” Breck chuckles at the article. “We tell Mama that we’re raising money for the orphaned children there in Gardendale. She likes it when we help other folks.”
“You’re going to fuck the wrong virgin, one day, Breck.” Flamingo frowns down at the tiny screen on his personal mobile telephone. “See Soleri, Paolo,” he exhales with annoyance. “What the hell is a Soleri?”
“Naw,” Breck passes the football as it misses Cinco’s hands and hits the wall with a bang.
Cinco reaches over and then types on his mobile telephone, reading out the information on the tiny screen with a smile. “A ninety-three old nerd, who combines a real farm and a real city into a theorem of metro hyper structure, where both humans and animals live in sweet harmony, without eating each other’s guts. It has been popularized by a human architect who is named Paolo Soleri, who single-handedly created the word, arcology. And it appears frequently within science fiction movie plots and also novel series.”
“I hate science fiction.” Flamingo frowns down at the laptop.
“…and your research paper too. You should drop all of your AP classes, right now, bro. It’s still early enough within the start of the school semester to transfer there with us. Read his horoscope, Cinco! Since, Flamingo believes in that bull crap.” Breck flips the page in the magazine with a snigger.
“You’re feeling pretty pissy pessimistic and internal indifferent about your sucky life in general.” Cinco reads out loud the screen on his personal mobile telephone with a smile. “Don’t let this shitty feeling get the better of you, Taurus. Have a good time instead of finishing your research paper on the word arcology,” he laughs with Breck.
“Bullshit,” Flamingo frowns at Cinco.
Cinco points down with a chuckle at the tiny screen on his mobile telephone while smiling at Flamingo. “Naw! That’s duck shit!  It’s right here on my cell phone, dude. Read it, Flamingo!” He views the screen on the mobile telephone again. “And for Breck, who is born on a different day then the rest of the true bad asses here in the South, your horrible scope says, your thinking is clear and rational today, Aries, the arrogant son of a bitch of Mrs. Balegreen, Junior.” He laughs with Flamingo.
Breck ignores the silly banter while reading the magazine in silence.
Cinco continues to read the tiny screen on his mobile telephone. “Others will be looking for your intelligent thoughts and flying fists going directly at your brother Flamingo, if you are required to intervene on such sucky matters. You give straight forth and honest answers, dude. So, do not disappoint and provide the upcoming black eye socket to your brother Flamingo,” he chuckles with Breck.
“Man, you possess more horseshit up your tight butt-hole than your black stallion, Cinco.” Flamingo frowns at Cinco.
“Boys!” Arie appears and stands inside the open archway in Pig Pen, displaying a petite body while narrowing her set of eyelashes at each child.
“Mama!” Cinco swiftly stands from the lounge chair with a smile like a southern gentleman in respect to a true southern belle as he has been taught by his mother Arie. Breck and Flamingo continue to remain sitting in un-perturbed and un-disturbed poses.
“Did I, by change, hear a set of curse words, young gentlemen?” Arie enters inside, veering towards the first piece of electronic equipment, leaning down and cuts off the electricity power on the silent plasma television, then the DVD player, then the second blasting television screen, then the desk computer, and finally the blaring radio music. She rotates around the room making the space quiet, except for the three baritone voices coming from each son.
On the side wall, baby triplet Cinco continues to stand and shakes his blonde curls that bounce across his board shoulders, smiling at her rear skull. “No, ma’am.”
“Don’t touch that dial, Mama. That song is an oldie, but a goodie, just like you, Mama.” Flamingo grins at his mother.
Breck smiles at the pretty face of his mother. “Mama, numerous research studies have been documented by a set of smart scientists show that a single teenager needs tons of background noise, lots of sunlight, a set of comfortable furniture pieces, and continuous smashing of pink strawberry bubble gum while learning various academic high school subjects that increases their memory patterns which leads each test to an outstanding academic grade. The same research study has also concluded that kids playing a video game possess good reaction times in association…”
Arie turns and narrows her eyelashes while creating that special “don’t bullshit me” face at her first born son. Then Breck silences his lips with a stern face toward his mother.
Flamingo laughs out loud with an upcoming smart ass sentence of curse words as Arie swiftly swings about and presents that “same monster face” to her middle child triplet in silence.
Flamingo sucks in and then drools down on his bottom lip with silence.
“I was a child during the introduction of that goodie 1970’s song, Flamingo.” Arie frowns with annoyance at her middle child, parking a set of trimmed fingernails onto her belt.
“O!” Flamingo mouths in silence as the football flies through the air and then hits his chest. He hugs the ball and the pain with a loud grunt. “Ugh!”
Arie spins around on her favorite pair of pink and white colored cowgirl boots, slowly moving through the open archway in silence.
Flamingo flips a distorted face to see Cinco and then mouths silently: Asshole.
Inside the hallway, their mother Arie calls out loud while moving ahead toward the staircase. “Supper is ready and wash your hands, boys.”
“Yes ma’am!” Cinco answers properly like a true Southern gentleman.


5:14 p.m.
Dining room setting


He wears a tight shirt with a vile curse word scribbled across his muscular chest, an ass-backwards baseball cap with fluffs of shaggy blonde colored hair curling against the fabric on top of his covered skull, and a pair of worn beige flip-flops between his set of naked toe bones. He follows last behind Cinco into the dining room and then stops, standing in front of his assigned dining room chair.
The formal dining room inside the Balegreen house holds a single dining table which is made of dark rich mahogany wood and is held up by eight individual sculpted lion paws on top of a wooden floor. There are seven individual wooden leaves, in case, a set of extra guests comes to the Balegreen manor, where the dining room table can feed thirty-two other hungry bodies for any meal.
A single armchair guards the foot and the head at each end of the table. The other sitting chairs consist of individual side chairs for poking an elbow at your foe or your friend, depending upon your assigned eating seat.
The elegant bone china dish and platter set which is displayed on the side wall next to the buffet table inside a wooden glass cabinet represents the original 200 pieces comprising an individual silver-trimmed eating plate and bowl plus numerous serving platters that display a tiny bouquet splattering of delicate purple tinted flowers in the middle of the pale yellow tinted background that is trimmed in silver mineral.
The original bone china including the dinner, salad, butter, and dessert plates, the fruit, soup and finger bowls, the salt and pepper set, the teapot with lid, the creamer, the sugar bowl, and all the teacups and saucers collection had been baked for the McCory family inside an ancient brick oven that had been located behind the black smith shop on the cotton plantation in the year 1810. 
Each bone china delicate piece of material is made from the raw mineral feldspar which is mixed with a set of powered bone ash coming from dead cattle.


Nine years ago


Of course, the smartest triplet among the three brothers, middle child Flamingo had read that valuable piece of truthful information inside one of his library books at the age of eight years old, before his birthday celebration. Each year, during Christmas time, the Easter holiday, and every birthday party celebration, the dining room table had always been presented with a set of elegant bone china dinnerware. Arie had wanted to celebrate each one of son’s birthday with love and joy while sharing the special occasion with the rest of her family members, serving the birthday meal and the birthday cake on each bone china plate.
Flamingo had not enjoyed celebrating his personal birthday party with his younger baby triplet brother Cinco, who had happened to be birthed on the same day.
Unlike first born triplet brother Breck, he had been birthed two minutes before Flamingo on the previous night, right before the stroke of midnight on a new day. Thus, Breck’s birthday party had always been celebrated the night before and solo and alone, without a shared triplet brother.
However, Flamingo had no choice or option but to share his special day with his greedy and overdramatic baby brother triplet Cinco.
Inside the dining room, after the evening meal had been eaten by each one of his extended family members and right before the arrival of a three-tiered vanilla frosted birthday cake for the final air blowing event, Flamingo and Cinco had to share a set of eight individual candles that wrapped around the cake which represented their individual eight-year-old age.
In front of each person, a new bone china dessert plate glittered in bright beige underneath the single crystal chandelier. Flamingo leaned over with a stern face, whispering the secret of the bone china process into the smooth cheekbone on silly Cinco. Flamingo told that bone china was a mixture of rock clay which came from the earth and the crushed up dead bones coming from lots of the freshly dead elderly people that had recently lived, but died here in Lacy Springs.
Cinco continued to wiggle side to side inside his dining room chair and still didn’t believe the fairy tale story coming out from the chapped lips on Flamingo while laughing with a silly giggle and a stupid grin.
At the dinner table, Flamingo turned and grinned at the nose profile on his honest and smart grandmother, who always sat beside Flamingo while assisting to discipline the “bestest” troublemaker among the triplets. He verbally inquired about the bone china process with his grandmother.
She continued to stare at each guest and nodded in agreement with the particular words coming out from the chapped lips and an evil smirk on an innocent face of Flamingo.
Flamingo returned back with a wink and a laugh, seeing the white ashen face on his brother Cinco.
Cinco swiftly slid back from the dining room table and then stood upright from the chair, still wearing a white ashen face of fear, staring down at the empty dessert plate. His dessert bone china plate had been made from a set of real dead bones coming from a set of real dead people here at Lacy Springs. He spun around with a loud gag of forced air and then swiftly exited the dining room, leaving behind a trail of puke green vomit on top of the clean wooden floor. He ran upstairs into his bedroom while sobbing with more tears of fear, missing the rest of his eight-year-old birthday party.
Inside the dining room, the artificial lights powered off.
Then, a beautiful three-tiered white colored birthday cake slowly rolled out from the kitchen space, gliding into the dining room. The cake blazed with a set of eight fiery candles and then stopped in front of the dining room table.
Eight-year-old Flamingo slid off the chair with a chuckle and then moved ahead with a smile, stopping and stood beside his birthday cake, calling out his brother’s name.
Arie turned with a worried brow, not seeing Cinco inside his chair. She stood upright from the chair, flipping a hand to the guests to start the birthday celebration without her and her son Cinco. She exited the dining room with worry, dashing up to his bedroom on the second floor.
Flamingo stood alone next to his birthday cake with a smile as each family member sung the familiar happy birthday song to only one brother. The song finished. He leaned down and gently blew out each one of the eight candles with a happy smile, eating his birthday cake first while chuckling at the terrible fate of his baby brother, without a fucking care in the world.
The next day, Arie had a private conservation with her middle child Flamingo, asking about the bone china procedure. Flamingo had answered honestly and relayed all his academic discoveries with a smile. So, she had corrected Flamingo’s misunderstanding about the bone care procedure without punishing his curious mind that day and then she didn’t use the bone china dinnerware until her triplets were thirteen years old.
However, that day forward, inside the dining room, each brother had been assigned an individual dining room chair during each meal.


Present day and time and place


Inside the dining room, Arie always sits at the head of the table. Breck is always seated on the right side of her arm. Cinco is always seated on the left side of her arm. And Flamingo is always seated beside his brother Cinco, until Flamingo dies first or marries second or moves out third as his personal life time punishment for making Cinco cry and miss their shared birthday party at the age of eight years old.
Flamingo reaches down and grabs the back rest on his assigned dining room chair, twisting the chair around backwards like his baseball cap while banging the wood against the matching wooden dining room table. He likes to prop both elbows across the frame of the dining room chair, eating his grub of food during every meal.
He straddles the seat with both legs in the pair of brown, green, and tan camouflage cargo pants, viewing a colorful plate of food with a puzzled brow. Then he slices the eyeballs to the left, then to the front, and finally to the right, seeing the same type of food items, occupying each baby blue matching plate. He frowns with annoyance and fingers down to his plate. “What’s this crap?”
At the head of the table, his mother Arie elegantly swallows a small spoonful of food and then corrects her ill-mannered middle child among the triplets with a smile. “Please, use your southern manners that I have instilled into you as a child, Flamingo.”
“What’s this crap, please?” Flamingo jabs a finger down at the food plate while exhibiting a tiny portion of southern manners that has not been taught by his mother.
On the opposite side of the table, first born triplet Breck attacks the plate of raw vegetables with a smile of hungry.
On the same side of the table next to Flamingo, Cinco fingers each food item on the plate with stuffed lips of food and as each used food items falls back down into the same plate of food. He’s the baby among the triplets and does anything that his mother greatly desires which lovingly pleases both her heart and her soul. He smiles with food between the front teeth. “Legumes, which can substitute for beef, beans, and peas, are a good source of immune-boosting iron and zinc and loaded with vitamin B6, which helps to create infection-fighting white blood cells, which is called lymphocytes. That doubles the amount of your iron intake inside your body, since you consume too much bee…” He swallows the lump of food while viewing Arie and then Flamingo. “Beverages, that don’t contribute to your growing bones, Flamingo,” he lifts the cooked vegetables on the fork to his mouth with a smile. “A fourth cup of broccoli provides twenty-five percent of your Vitamin C.”
“I see crap. Where’s my well-done American burger, smothered in my Georgia sweet onions, besides the ketchup-covered greasy French fries, and three pieces of my sweet Alabama grown pecans in all of my pie slices, Mama?” Flamingo continues to jab a finger and a sneer down at the plate of ugly food, staring at Arie.
“The University of California School in Medicine, within the city of Los Angeles, recommendations a high dose of vitamin D eaten in your diet every day, Flamingo. This will boost your immune system while killing any harmful bacteria and viruses,” she consumes more legumes, chewing with a set of closed lips like a proper southern lady.
“This is Alabama, not California. Where’s my burger, Mama?” Flamingo whines.
“Please, try the pumpkin seeds, Flamingo. There’re full of delicious beta-carotene which converts your body matter into vitamin A and white blood cells to fight off infections, especially the ones you could receive from your school grounds, when some of the students are sick and coughing, Flamingo.” She consumes more of the cooked legumes, chewing like a proper southern lady.
“This is the heated month of August, not the cold month of October. The pagan holiday of Halloween ain’t even close to my growling stomach. And I ain’t sick ever even around all of these dying kids there at the local hospital. Where’s my American burger, Mama?” Flamingo frowns at her.
“Flamingo, please try to have an open mind here. This evening meal is very healthy while keeping your fit and fine in fitness, as a growing boy.” She chews the hard orange pumpkin seeds like a proper southern lady.
“I’m like being fit, fine, and fitness, Mama.” Cinco slaps his chest while collecting two brownie points, smiling at Arie with his tender motherly love.
“The pumpkin seeds are pretty looking and tasty good, bro.” Breck turns and chews with his mouth open for fun annoyance at Flamingo while crunching with each molar down onto the hard orange seeds.
Flamingo whines with a sissy pout. “Where’s my American burger, Mama?” He refuses to eat a plate of raw vegetables for the nest of jackrabbits that inhabit the farm property.
Cinco turns to face Flamingo and then preciously imitates in his mother’s soprano timber for some annoying fun. “Eat your vegetables, son! They make you grow long and hard,” he laughs with Breck.
Flamingo reaches down and grabs, pitching a single legume at Cinco’s open mouth, hitting the partially opened lips.
Breck laughs out loud at the funny battle scene.
Cinco swiftly retaliates with his two-bean ammunition into Flamingo’s distorted face as Arie swallows the food and then frowns at her two mischievous sons.
Breck turns to face Flamingo and then prettily imitates in his mother’s soprano timber for his shitty fun. “Behave, middle child Flamingo! Or I will place fugly, ugly you in your pretty pinky flamingo pajamas on the internet for my victoriously joy and amusement, darling,” he laughs with Cinco.
“Mama doesn’t have an internet email account, Breck.” Flamingo frowns at Breck.
Breck turns and winks to his mother, saying with his normal timber. “I’ll do anything for my mama.” Cinco laughs out loud. Arie smiles at her three silly teenagers.
“Fudge you, Breck!” Flamingo reaches down with a sour frown and grabs, tossing a handful of cooked beans into Breck’s face while hitting both eyeballs and a wide forehead. He laughs out loud.
Cinco successfully pounds his personal legume ammunition into the eardrum on Flamingo, lifting both arms in the air with a loud cheer and a bright smile for his personal teenly victory. “Yeehaw,” he drops both hands and loudly slaps the edge of the table, reaching down, gathering another handful of weapons with a laugh.
“Boys!” Arie yells at her three goofy teenagers.
“Arie!” An invisible body echoes in a southern twang of soprano timber sounding like Arie as the front door slams shut which also echoes throughout the house.
“Mama!” Arie gently pushes back her dining room chair with both boots and hands while frowning with puzzlement. She swiftly stands upright from the chair and then scoots around the table, exiting the room to greet her biological mother like a properly trained southern belle.
Inside the dining room, on the opposite side of the dining room table, first born triplet Breck peek-a-boos and then wiggles his personal mobile telephone at the edge on the table surface, winking with a chuckle to each brother. Then he quickly stores the mobile telephone back down inside the pocket of his blue jeans while hiding the device from the eyeballs of his mother and her tender motherly feelings.
After sliding down into his assigned dining room chair, Breck had secretly typed out a text message on his personal mobile telephone: HELP! The text message had been transmitted to the mobile telephone on his Grandma Dunlap.
The short message means that their mother and her daughter Arie are trying one of her weird meals with her three children. And her three children do not like it, so please come over with more food items for the three starving teenagers. 
At the dining room table, across from Breck, middle child Flamingo lifts both palms in the air as Breck and Cinco simultaneously slap a high-five. Then Flamingo drops down low and folds both of his hands into a fist. Breck and Cinco reach over and then fist-bump with Flamingo. Then, Flamingo flips each fist upside down as each brother reaches over and then fist bumps for a second time.
They all chuckle with delight.
Grandma Dunlap silently appears inside the open archway beside Arie, moving ahead and stops, attacking the closest grandson with her wet kisses and cold hands as Flamingo giggles like a girl inside his chair.
“Thanks for the invite to supper, Arie. Grandma has fried up her famous chicken, boys. Hope ya’ll are hungry. There’re enough food to feed General Patton’s Boy Scouts during World War Two,” Grandpa Dunlap moves through the archway and totes a picnic basket between both of his arms. Breck scoots out from his chair to assist his grandfather like a southern gentleman of the New South. Grandpa snaps with a frown. “Sit down, son!”
Breck slides back down and then pulls his chair back into position.
Grandpa Dunlap leans over Breck’s colorful plate, saying with a puzzled brow. “Hmm! Park that bird food goo to the side. I’ll feed the blue jays later tonight.”
Breck gently scoots his bone china plate into the center of the table like his brothers. Grandpa lifts out from the basket a set of lightweight plastic cheap red colored plates, handing the stack to Breck.
Breck takes one and then passes to Cinco while quickly redecorating the dining room table for his grandma’s southern cooking.
Arie relies on the house staff to prepare and cook meals for her family. The hired staff is on vacation for one week while celebrating the Labor Day holiday.
Grandpa hands a tray of fried chicken to Breck, who takes three pieces each and then attacks the food on top of the plastic plate, without both prays and manners, chewing down the juicy meat with a silly grin. Grandpa reaches out providing the food tray over the fancy white tablecloth toward the other two brothers with a smile.
Flamingo and Cinco stand upright from the chair and then reach out, grabbing three pieces each. They sit down and then dump the food down onto the plate, diving into the delicious chicken.
Grandpa chuckles with delight at the three hungry boys.



Monday August 25th

Hot temperatures with parted clouds of sunlight
07:39 am
Lacy Springs High School
   (Two miles, north, from McCory farm)
Student parking lot setting


Lacy Springs is a small crop farm and cow town which is located in the northeastern portion within the US State of Alabama that holds a sweet population of 6,066 folks. The elementary and middle school buildings stand across from the high school football stadium, where children at the age of three years old in the pre-kindergarten class up towards the group of fourteen years old in the ninth grade are taught all academic subjects.
The two schools total 601 students that comprise ten percent of the Lacy Springs population in the lower grade levels. The high school holds 482 teenagers with an average of 122 students per grade, who are mostly jocks or rednecks or beauty queens or eggheads.
The Lacy Springs Football team’s mascot is a pale blue pigeon which cheers for 99 teen males from grades tenth to twelfth that play sports for the fun, the blood, and the championship.
A white tinted jacked-up pickup truck, a low down red colored muscle car and a flashy blue tinted motorcycle appear. Each vehicle slows its speed and then turns into a set of side by side student parking spaces.
The loud country music invades all eardrums coming from a second jacked-up Chevy black tinted pickup truck, pulling ahead, parking on the other side of Breck’s truck.
The group of high school students sounds with laughter, giggles, chatting, texting while strolling around each parked car or warm body, shuffling toward either a set of fleshy friends or a pair of open metal doors.
Flamingo slides out from his red tinted sports car, closing the door, moving toward the other door. He opens the passenger door and then leans down, jerking out two backpacks from the front seat and then closes the door. He shoulders the blue one, toting the black one in his hand.
Breck un-belts the safety belt and turns, rolling up the open window while clicking off the loud music from the local radio station. He stares at the pretty thing, who prances around the hood of her black tinted pickup truck.
Cinco parks beside Flamingo’s red tinted sports car and then kills the engine on his blue colored racing motorcycle. He straddles the bike, un-zipping the jacket, gliding the helmet off his blonde curls. He shuffles off the bike, strutting towards the truck, opening the passenger door and then drops down the motorcycle helmet inside the seat on Breck’s truck. He spins around to face the high school, scanning the school grounds for his girlfriend.
Breck exits from his white tinted pickup truck and then slowly trots down the bed, stopping, dropping down onto a kneecap while pretending to double checking the tire. He spies on the pretty thing, studying her orange backpack behind his tailgate. He stands upright with a smile from the pavement, and then slowly moves around the tail gate, and finally halts, lounging against the passenger side on the tailgate, standing directly in front of her.
She smiles sweetly and crinkles her nose at Breck. Flamingo comes from behind the back spine on Breck and stops, lifting up the black backpack into Breck’s chest. Breck continues to stare at the new female student at Lacy Springs High.
Flamingo lowers the backpack with a sneer and then scoots around comatose Breck. He drops the tailgate on the pickup truck, slamming both back packs onto the metal with a loud ting. He searches through the black backpack pulling out a handful of wadded and crumbled sheets of current homework papers and then shuffles through the mess, sorting and straightening in numerous piles Cinco’s daily assignments for today’s academic classes.
Arie doesn’t know what paper wad is a sheet of homework or a piece of trash.
So, the two other brothers help keep Cinco off the famed detention row inside the principal’s office while playing sports and graduating high school, making something of his person besides a local country boy redneck.
The morning ritual is usually performed by Breck, but his eyeballs are plastered on the new pretty thing, standing between Flamingo’s car and Breck’s truck. She giggles with a smile swaying her backpack side to side in rhythm along with her swinging hip bones. She smiles directly at Breck, bedazzling him with her invisible southern charm.
Babbie approaches from behind and then cuddles into Cinco’s ass. He spins around with smile, leaning over slobbering into her face disgustingly. She is the long-term girlfriend, currently, and the future wife, probably.
At the moment, Cinco only blinks with his eyelids and thinks with his penis, forgetting that he’s standing on hollow ground, the school property.
Flamingo carefully supervises Cinco’s nasty teen habits in public, before the triplets get kicked off campus by Principal Marshall.
“Hi, ya’ll! I’m Lacey with the ‘e.’ I’m new here. Today’s my very first day of high school. I’m a senior. Are any of ya’ll seniors here, also?” She smiles with a wink at Breck.
Flamingo frowns at the silent but stupid grinning Breck and then answers for the triplets. He fingers each brother with a fake grin. “Hey! I’m Flamingo. That’s Cinco and Babbie. This beautiful stud is Breck. We’re all seniors here, also. Welcome to Lacy High, without the ‘e.’” He chuckles at his silly introduction and the sillier cowgirl student.
“I don’t know if I need to get me some eye glasses. But ya’ll look alike, sorta like brothers.” Lacey narrows her eyelashes, turning to see Flamingo, then Cinco, and finally back to Breck. She giggles and sways her hips and her orange tinted backpack for her showy attention.
“We’re actually triplets.” Flamingo chuckles at her silly babble.
Lacey giggles and then covers her lips while winking at Breck. He smiles at her. She smiles and sways her hips and her backpack again. “That’s very cool! I never met three humans that look alike, like ya’ll.”
“We sorta are like aliens. Yeah.” Flamingo looks down with a chuckle and fishes out the rest of Cinco’s homework assignments. He straightens each wrinkled notebook paper, folds the paper in half, and then stores each homework assignment inside the proper textbook for Cinco’s academic classes of biology, history, literature, and geometry.
Breck tips his white colored cowboy hat back from both his eyelids for a better view of the new student, standing beside his pickup truck, not mouthing a redneck word, smiling with a pair of dancing eyeballs at the cute young teen girl.
Flamingo observes his brother’s odd behavior. He slices his eyelids back toward Lacey, returns his eyeballs back toward Breck, and then cuts his eyeballs back toward Lacey as his neurons tingle with familiarity. He turns to face the new girl and then narrows his eyelids at Babbie, noting the physical differences of each teen female.
New teen girl Lacey looks very similar to his mother Arie, possessing a head of long wavy platinum blonde locks, a tone of suntanned dark skin, a blue jean skirt, a pair of orange tinted cowgirl boots, and a white short sleeved shirt that hides a pair of small breasts and a set of skinny arms. She is delicate and petite, standing at five feet and two inches, like Arie, also.
Flamingo turns with a puzzled brow and then studies high school student Babbie. She stands at five feet and ten inches, wearing a short black tinted bob hairstyle possessing a slender body frame, a pair of long legs, a tint of peachy-rosy skin tint that is scattered with nose freckles. She snuggles into Cinco’s leather motorcycle jacket as they continue to kiss and purr like a pair of mating alley cats.
He swings back to see Breck, who folds both of his hands underneath each armpit with his school backpack leaning against the tire wheel and mouth drooling salvia at the new female teenager Lacey, without uttering a single word.
Flamingo studies Lacey, then Breck, and finally back toward Lacey.
He likes her. 
Flamingo chuckles with a smile.
First born triplet Breck never wastes no more than two weekends on the old virgin whore female while scouting out, finding a new virgin. Then he sucks her dry of her innocence also. He always roams around the countryside in Lacy Springs like a stray tomcat, dating a new virgin coming from the local school desk or the farm trough or the local church pew.
Living within the rural countryside setting in Lacy Spring, the group of local females does not offer any type of varied cooked dishes for the primo chef, without the chance of babe hunting within the big bad metro city of Huntsville, which is off limits as it is dictated by their mama, until the triplets leave for their college adventure, next year.
However, Breck accepts his second mission as the first born son, without reservation, who overly protects and continuously pampers his fragile and petite widowed mother.
That devoted mission actually raises an intriguing psychological theory within Flamingo’s active neurons.
On top of the pavement, new student Lacey giggles between each sentence structure while swaying both her backpack and her hips to an invisible beat inside her mind. “I transferred here from Gardendale High which is located at 1178 Main Street, in the city of Gardendale, within the US State of Alabama, and the zip code is 35071. I miss it there, but love it here. I live here right off Highway 231 which is in the northern direction at 22 Primeau Drive in the small city of Lacy Spring, within the US State of Alabama and the zip code is 35754. But I used to live in a house at 338 Fieldstown Road, in the city of Gardendale, within the US State of Alabama, and the zip code was 35071.”
“The city of Gardendale is near the metro city of B’ham, is that not correct?” Flamingo stuffs each piece of trash back down into a separate garbage bag inside Breck’s truck coming from Cinco’s backpack.
“Beeham! Is that like juicy ham from the piggy meat?” Lacey giggles with a wink at Breck.
“The city of metro Birmingham, the city is located south of here. You know, the place you love. The other cities south of here are Montgomery and Prattville and Mobile that displays the white cane sugar beaches.” Flamingo frowns at the stupid new cowgirl, who claims to live within the State of Alabama and shakes his baseball cap with puzzlement.
“Gardendale is a city north of B’ham. I lived there at 338 Fieldstown Road, in the city of Gardendale, within the US State of Alabama, and the zip code is 35071, which is inside a private house.” Lacey giggles with a wink at Breck. He smiles at her. She giggles again. “I went to high school at Gardendale High which is located at 1178 Main Street, in the city of Gardendale, within the US State of Alabama…”
“Yeah, Lacey with an ‘e’! You just repeated all that geographical information to us twice for some alien reason.” Flamingo chuckles at the silly new cowgirl.
Lacey smiles with a wink and shakes her hips, exclusively at Breck. “My dad is the Woodland of the World representative for the county of Morgan.”
“Did you win the Woodland of the World award at Gardendale High also?” Flamingo nods with a smile at the nose profile of Lacey.
Lacey turns and frowns at Flamingo. “What award?”
Flamingo smiles. “Every year, each lodge, within the Woodyland of the World Company, around the United States of America, awards a trophy to the top eleventh grade student in the academic subject of American History for the highest accumulated points with a woody, woody wood pecker up your as…”
“Act nice, Flamingo! It’s not a real woody pecker, Lacey. Just ignore, non-humorous Flamingo!” Babbie frowns at Flamingo.
He continues to laugh and fold all of Cinco’s homework assignments, placing back down into the ratty backpack. “I won the award.” Flamingo grins at his handy work.
“What award?” Lacey continues to frown at Flamingo.
“I was the top student in the eleventh grade here at Lacy Springs High School in my American History class. I received the Woodland of the World award after beating up all the other dumb and stupid teens. Was that your daddy that one that delivered my trophy to me?” Flamingo nods.
Lacey frowns with annoyance at Flamingo. “If that’s a joke, then I don’t get it.”
“No funny joke! Flamingo got the Woodlands of the World award last year as a junior student here at LSH.” Cinco smiles at Lacey.
Breck continues to stand and mouth drools at Lacey in silence.
“Doesn’t your father receive an electronic report that comes from all the local high schools that showcases each winner around the state of Alabama on the website cyber space modules?” Flamingo frowns.
Lacey flips a manicured hand of orange nails near her smile while winking at Breck. “There are millions of trophies that are handled out each year by my father.”
Breck winks back and smiles at her in silence.
“Millions! Damn! I feel really common.” Flamingo frowns at the nose profile of Lacey. “Actually, I feel really confused.”
“Don’t sweat it, dude! You’ll be one of thirteen valedictorians during the springtime high school graduation ceremony, next year, making our mama really pumped and primed.” Cinco nods with a smile to Flamingo.
“A city girl from those the bright lights, huh?” Flamingo stands upright from the tail gate and then smashes it shut, after hearing the school bell. The bell attracts all the students into the proper homeroom class for school attendance. He back steps from the tailgate and then spins around to face the school, moving closer beside Lacey with a smile.
Lacey continues to stand and turns, winking at Flamingo. “Correction there, cowboy! A country girl underneath all those dark stars,” she spins around to face the school and then halts, swinging around to face Breck, winking with a giggle at the cute hunky male teen. Then she twirls around and swiftly prances across the sidewalk.
“Yeehaw!” Cinco cuddles Babbie, kissing her lips, pulling back with a smile. “Do you know her?” Babbie shakes her bob hairstyle with a stern face and watches the back spine of Lacey.
Flamingo moves between his brothers Breck and Cinco, nodding with a smile, staring the back spine on Lacey. “Research studies show that a fellow like a gal that reminds him of his mama.”
“That’s sick, Flamingo.” Cinco frowns, watching the door close behind Lacey’s ass.
“But it is very true, Cinco. Research doesn’t lie, man.” Flamingo hands the backpack to Cinco then shoves Breck towards the doors, chuckling. “Didn’t you agree with me, Breck?”


Dunlap Manor location
  (Three miles, west, from high school)
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight and parted clouds
Kitchen table setting
09:02 am


The two-story home is a copy of a Greek Revival-style building that had been designed in Ancient Rome in the year 64 AD. The house features a raised brick foundation and a row of four rounded columns that spans the front portico or the front porch for ya’ll hicks.
The four columns shoot straight up into the asphalt roof tiles through the wood railings and into the second floor concrete balcony, so a person does not fall off the second floor. The double set of front entrance door leads down toward a set of sideways double brick steps that number fifteen on each side coming from the concrete porch and lands down into a plot of red dirt. So a person does not fall off the long front porch and down into a patch of thorny flowers, where Grandpa Dunlap babies each prickly rose bush with black-hearted meanness for each trespasser.
The ancient antebellum architecture style, sometimes, is spelled ante-bellum which means “pre-war.” The word pre-war comes from the Latin word, ante, which means “before,” and the other Latin word, bellum, which means “war.”
This was the most popular neoclassical architectural style that had been characterized in the southern region of the United States of America, specifically during the era which had been known as the “Old South.”
The Old South prospered after the birth of the United States, when all the crop farmers and blacksmiths had fought and won the American Revolutionary War in the year 1776 by taking back all the land from Great Britain’s King George. As the crop lands grew and spread over each landscape with money and slaves, the cultural people revived the Greek architecture which had influenced every cotton plantation and a smaller house before leading the United States of America into the start of the first American Civil War in the year 1862.
Within the Greek classical architecture, there are three forms of columns: Ionic, Doric, and Corinthian. The 1850s antebellum masons copied only the Ionic and Doric structure. The Ionic column is a slender, taller, and fluted structure that displays twenty-four shafts.
This greatly contrasts with the Doric style of visual volutes or non-twirling wheels. The columns stand boldly flat upon a base of wood, where each vertically curved fluted shafts flares back down into the base.
Not a beauty belle, but a work horse holds up each brick and stone column on a local crop plantation manor.
The Corinthian style is the most ornate with the capital top shaped like a round of concrete fake flowers with an array of tiny naked people. The Southerns had ditched this too ornate design and then created a simple wooden straight up and down box-shaped vertical column that covered the portico on each plantation home centuries ago.
The newly paved driveway curves half-a-mile distance between two lines of one hundred years old tall shady overstory oak trees while protecting the short rows of pretty colorful flowers that outlines a neatly manicured green lawn as a vehicle driver veers toward the Dunlap Manor.
A staircase of gray tinted displays two set of smooth granite steps that attaches onto a raised front porch. The left side staircase is intended for a lady and the right side staircase for a gentleman.
The ancient staircase that had been used by a male is quickly identified coming each individual scar from a boot scrape at the bottom of smooth gray tinted granite. This creation had been created so a southern gentleman would not see the one or two naked ankles on a southern lady, which had been considered a severe breach of belle etiquette, during the pre-Civil War times.
The Dunlap mansion has a square-shaped floor plan which is organized around a central hall.
The central hall runs away from the double set of front doors down toward a pair of rear doors highlighting a high floor ceiling and two rows of low glass windows.
The second floor gallery contains the original marble flooring which has been built in the year 1843.
Each exterior wall on the elegant antebellum manor is made of white tinted brick that resembles a piece of white tinted marble.
Inside the kitchen space, Aurora (Arie’s sister) displays a petite height with a tone of dark skinned, a blonde colored short pixie hairstyle, an overweight body frame, and a pair of blue eyes. She wears a pair of designer white colored walking shorts, a designer yellow tinted blouse, a pair of designer yellow tinted flat leather shoes, and a matching designer matching leather handbag. She sits at the breakfast table with her mother and her older sister with a smile, handing a sheet of paper to her mother. “Here, I have listed all the dates, times, and places of their school schedules. And I have just updated all the dates, times, and places on your personal laptop for you and Daddy,” she shoves the laptop computer back to her mother.
Reese Carter Adams is the current wife of Jarvis Dunlap and lives at 55 Coffee Bluff Road in the city of Lacy Springs within the US State of Alabama at the zip code of 35754. The house is located at three geographical miles in a northeasterly direction from State Road 36. Reese is the loyal devoted wife of cotton farmer Jarvis Dunlap and has been married for sixty-one years and happily counting forward.
At the breakfast table, “Thanks, dear.” Reese (Arie’s mother) Dunlap is a petite body frame with a tone of dark tinted skin, a pair of blue eyes, and an overweight body frame with a head of gray colored hair and thrives in her sixties. She wears a pair of yellow tinted shorts, a white shirt, and a pair of bare feet. She sits at the head of the table with a fake smile and pulls her laptop toward her coffee cup, gently shutting down the power source.
Every Monday morning, rain or shine, Reese and her first born daughter Arie meet and greet over a tray of hot cup of coffee and a plate of buttered biscuits. Arie doesn’t drink coffee preferring a tumbler of chocolate soybean milk in the morning and a tumbler of sweet iced tea in the afternoon. Reese meets with Arie in silence celebration of her daughter’s welcomed and blessed return back home back to Lacy Springs with her triplets and without her wedded husband.
Inside the kitchen room, Arie sits inside an eastern directional chair around the wooden breakfast table. She had climbed onto the newly purchased seat pillow at the tender age of three years old, marking her girly reign.
Jarvis Dunlap (Arie’s father) usually seats as a king inside a single armchair as the head of the household during breakfast, lunch, and suppertime at the old table facing the row of southern glass windows.
Reese Dunlap sits on the opposite end of her husband Jarvis inside a northern directional chair. Their youngest daughter Aurora poses inside a western directional chair.
Reese chuckles at the ironic turn of events.
Older daughter Arie is a child with a reserve quite nature like one of many well-known eastern civilizations throughout the world. And younger daughter Aurora is the wild bewildered child like the geographical region of the American Wild West.
The Monday ritual started out as a series of loving babysitting duties with the triplets at the age of two years old. Arie had returned back to her home state of Alabama coming from overseas while needing some quiet time and lonely privacy to grieve over her husband’s sudden death during wartime. Her husband Breck had served as a paratrooper and then had been suddenly killed during a battle fight, after his parachute run into enemy territory.
This particular Monday, Reese’s youngest daughter Aurora has joined the morning ritual for some strange odd mysterious reason.
“The Patriots Holiday Day is next week, Mama. You and Daddy should wear all three colors of red, white and blue together in some type of fashion style. And come before ten o’clock to the elementary school, so you, me, and the girls can get a set of quick photos with all of the school teachers.” Aurora continues to type on her personal laptop while checking some of her social and business emails, visiting with her kin.
Reese taps the coffee cup with a set of manicured fingernails and a stern face, staring at the blonde hair roots on Aurora. “Dear, you do seem to involve your girls in an extra lot of activities…”
“Challenges, not activities, that’s an old fashion word, Mama. Get updated on current events, please!” Aurora continues to type out each individual word on her laptop with a nod and a fake smile.
Reese frowns at Aurora and then turns to study Arie.
Arie sits on the opposite side of breakfast table observing her proper southern belle manners. She sits upright with both palms in her lap and not on the table. She presents a pleasant pose of calm gentile portrait of a southern beauty, keeping her mouth shut and acidic tongue quiet, using her southern manners.
Arie and Reese usually talk alone and together, every Monday morning as Arie shares the current events of her triplets.
The boys are seventeen years old moving faster than white lightning through their daily school work, weekly sporting activities, and constant teen adventures as their widowed mother carefully watches from the sideline of their three lives. Arie has accepted that her triplets are seniors at the local high school, where she had attended and graduated with Aurora, which had been many moons ago.
Next year, the boys will venture to college here in Alabama as Arie sits alone and quiet inside their farm house off the city street of Plymouth Rock Road, in the city of Lacy Spring
Reese turns and then quietly studies her baby daughter.
Aurora has accepted her busy world raising her two children later in life at the age of 37 years. Her oldest girl is named Asa, who is five years old, and attends her first week of kindergarten at Lacy Elementary school. Alina is four years old and attends the pre-kindergarten classroom which is next door to her big sister’s room.
Aurora married later in her life at age 35 to Moe Gordon, who is 42 years and a material buyer of defense war missiles for the US General Service Administration Federal Acquisition Department at the military base of Redstone Point.
Redstone Point is a United States Army post that employs 2,500 soldiers, 17,000 employees, and 1,000 military families which is a US Federal Government real estate property that is valued at three billion dollars. The working people create, design, and test missiles for any wartime event. The US military base is adjacent to the metro city of Huntsville.
Huntsville holds a population of 171,000 people within Madison County which is geographical positioned in the northwestern part of Alabama. Redstone Point sits on top of 40,000 acres and includes over 4,000 numerous administrative buildings, high tech labs, flight test ranges, weapon ranges, and jet fighter planes, and other facilities, which is necessary war equipment.
Since landing the first Army boot print, it had been a matter of recorded history that the name Redstone came from the preponderance of abundant of red soil which the local crop farmers had called “clay.”
The city of Huntsville borders the military base Redstone Point on the geological points of north, east, and west making up both 38,248 acres of red clay and 741 acres of water. The miles of water come from the 1,752 acres of the freshwater man-made Tennessee River running from eastern Morgan County through Madison County and into Lee County.
At the breakfast table, Reese turns and frowns to Arie. “Is Cinco in trouble, dear?”
“No.” Arie rubs the empty tumbler with a whisper.
“Mama, Asa is playing Miss Muffet in their precious Mother Goose play next Friday in the school theater which is located on west wing of the elementary school. The play begins at eleven am with a full coarse meal of lunch afterwards for both the parents and the children. You should arrive at ten thirty am, since I’m reserving the second row of front left chairs.” Aurora continued to type on her laptop with a nod and a fake smile without seeing the face of her mother.
“You’re attending the school play, as well,” Reese turns and frowns at blonde hair roots on Aurora.
“Yes, I have planned to take off and use my vacation days.” Aurora continues to type with a fake smile.
“You take time off work quite frequently, dear.” Reese frowns with concern. Both Moe and Aurora enjoy tossing their limited bi-weekly earned incomes at two new vehicles, a big new house, and many new fine furnishings inside their household as the US economy slowly drains down the national shitty smelling septic tank.
“I work for a living. But my work entitles me to some precious days off that I enjoy spending with my precious family members.” Aurora looks up and then grins at Arie.
“Is Flamingo in trouble, dear?” Reese turns and frowns at Arie.
“No.” Arie releases the empty tumbler and then places both of her hands down in her lap, viewing the clean floor.
Aurora looks down and starts typing again. “Mama, Alina is being awarded with a perfect attendance in the Nature Girl Tulips Troop. You want to come around six pm, on Tuesday night, at the church for all the photos and a small ceremony. Mama, Asa has graduated into the Nature Girl Honeybees Troop this year with an anticipated of gathering numerous Nature Girl badges for her uniform. She needs your help with a sewing…”
“Sewing! At the age of four years old, your daughter is going to handle a pair of sharp scissors and a set of deadly needles,” Reese turns and frowns at Aurora.
“A swing project, Mama! You know, a playground project with a set of rubber tires, sand pits and merry-go-rounds,” Aurora continues to type with a smile on her laptop.
Reese turns and studies Arie. “Is Breck in trouble, dear?”
Aurora stands upright from the chair for attentive drama, scooting the chair backward with one single designer high heel from her ass, parking both fists on top of her designer belted waist. She stares at Reese, then to Arie and finally back to Reese, saying with a sour frown and a matching tone. “Mama, why do you insist upon interrupting my very limited, but valuable social time with you by interviewing Arie and Arie’s dull life? Nothing happens in her life, but those three boys,” she smirks and then giggles. “I mean. Your three boys are all rowdy and rude. I can’t believe they’re not jailed, especially Flamingo. He and Cinco can share a jail cell together, big sister,” giggling. “Those two cowboys even give me a head of gray hairs. No wonder you look like a tired old mother hen, Arie. They are trouble for you. Mark my southern fried words, honey child! However, Breck, the third is a pretty nice kid. You should have stopped at one, Arie,” she sits down with a smirk and begins to type on the keyboard.
Reese turns and then gasps in shock. “Arie conceived and birthed triplets, Aurora Carter Dunlap Gordon.” 
Aurora continues to type on the keyboard with a sour frown. “Mama, I don’t understand underneath God’s green apples here. Why I was named from that old boring and snoring great-grandpa Carter? When Arie got the really cool middle name of Ashley.”
Reese smiles. “Carter is my maiden name, dear. The privileged few who are born last in any southern family always receives the surname of the mother. The first born receives the great-grandma’s maiden name. The use of surnames, within a child’s Christian name, is both an honor and a tradition. Southerners are known for their deeply-rooted traditions which are availed mostly from the infamous hog calling ritual to sweet tea making and then baby naming. When the southern states of the USA were settled by foreigners, the folks continued the pride with their heritage and ancestry by carrying on their dead and gone generations of kin through a simple but elegant old fashioned southern tradition of passing down the last, middle, and first names of their dead relatives, not just to male children, but honoring our women-folk, as well. The Old South gave women their rights, before the US Federal Government passed the law in the year 1919. Passing down precious southern last names to a newborn baby is a great way to show how proud we are of where we come from and pay our respect to our ancestors.”
Aurora continues to type with a smile. “Mama, can you watch my two girls on Saturday evening? Moe and I are attending a charity ball for some dying brats there at the local hospital campus that evening. I hate to go but I must go. One of Moe’s supervisors invited us for something.”
Reese taps on her coffee cup with a stern face. “We have pre-set plans for the evening, dear. But thanks for thinking of us, thou. The triplets adore Alina and Asa. They would love to babysit for you and Moe on Saturday night. The three boys can enjoy some fun time with their two young cousins, before they scat away off to college in another year or so,” she turns and nods to Arie. “Is that not correct, Arie?”
Aurora looks up with a gasp to see Arie. “I don’t want those…”
“Yes ma’am,” Arie nods with a fake smile to Aurora. She obeys her mother without question, because a southern belle does.
Reese reaches over and then pats the hand on each daughter with a smile. “A difficult situation has been solved quickly, as well as, our happy family continues to work together in both love and harmony for the joy of peace.”


Balegreen Cow Ranch location, property of Arie Balegreen
  (Four miles, southeast, from Dunlap manor)
Hot temperatures with parted clouds of hot sunshine 


The original plantation house held eight bedrooms, a music room, a dance hall, a library, a dining room, and a cellar for homemade wines, which was hidden under half underneath the main flooring. There was a detached brick kitchen, behind the main house, a separate smoke house, a garden house, and several slave cabins, for the household staff, not counting the carriage house, the cotton gin, the lumber mill. There was a brick stove used for producing handmade baked red clay bricks, decorating both the manor fireplaces and kitchen ovens.
The kitchen had been connected to the plantation house, in the year 1875, as a new wing, protruding ugly from the southeast end of structure.
In the year 1810, the oldest son within the McCory clan had built a riding stable beside the carriage house and the blacksmith shop that comprised thirty acres of flat land for boarding numerous personal riding horses. The mammals had been comprised mostly of friendly neighbors and interested owners, who enjoyed breeding a set of thoroughbred stallions and mares.
He also had registered each one of his race horses with the Nashville Jockey Club in the year 1812. He had trained each race horse top of a small dirt track, running around the edges of the cotton fields on the large plantation cotton farm. His dream had faded on the day that he had beaten in a friendly race one of his unfriendly neighbor, when the guy had shot McCory right between the eyeballs with his hand pistol.
At the time, one single plantation had become a little city, providing specialized services from crop production to skilled workers, including millwork, stone masonry, woodworking, and blacksmithing. The house servants had provided domestic duties. The field hands had provided the planting and harvesting rows and rows of white cotton bolls.
Every historic antebellum house in the New South also features its very own significant architectural, including the current Balegreen Manor.
The exterior face shows off four fat and wide white tinted fluted thirty-seven-foot high columns on top of a square white rock granite base that holds up a forty-two-foot tall red bricked house. The four fat columns are used to keep the sixty-three-foot wide balcony from falling down onto the first and second levels in the house. The balcony completely wraps around the exterior of the house, starting above the double front entrance doors, swinging towards the double rear terraces and then overlooks the swimming pool.
The interior walls are two-foot thick whitish-silver limestone from the local Huntsville quarry mine along with each matching pink-colored marble fireplace mantle. One hand painted dead person watches over each priceless crystal chandelier, which continues to hang down from the ceiling inside every room of the house, not including the bedrooms.
Cinco had been spooked as a small child waking up to see the white eyeballs on the framed one-dimensional dead person, so his mother Arie had removed each ancient portrait from the bedroom property, hiding all of the paintings inside the attic.
The manor is surrounded by six pecan and nine peach groves, spreading around 6,400 acres of cotton, cows, and corn fields.
The main block of the manor was built, in the year 1809, by Mr. and Mrs. McCory, the first family of Alabama, making the place, one of the oldest surviving houses in Alabama. The manor has rows of oak and maple trees, running south three-fourths of a mile, coming from County Road 254 and then lines Plymouth Road Rock as the car driver admires twenty acres of neatly manicured green lawn and pretty colorful flower gardens, traveling down the yellow bricked driveway towards the front porch.
If walking in your cowboy boots along the pink-colored bricked walking path, you see numerous beige cement bird bath fountains, rows of camellias, lines of dogwoods, tons of magnolias, crape-myrtles, and perennials flowers. The walking path leads you onto a red dirt path, underneath the lovely over story maple trees. The trees warn you, first, since the tree trunks guard an ancient cemetery, decorated with a set of iron gates, topped with four cement eagles, silently squawking and spreading their wings.
The Balegreen Farm is the State of Alabama’s oldest working plantation since the year 1809 harvesting and profiting from numerous crop fields of cotton, strawberries, tomatoes, squash, cucumbers, watermelons, and sweet corn, during the summer months. Fields of wheat, oats, hay, potatoes, soybeans, and Indian corn grow during the fall days and nights.
The house is 9,000 square feet of living space consisting of an interior front room which is called an entrance hall. The entrance hall has a fifteen-foot high ceiling, rows of undivided windows, a central three-level staircase and assortment of marble pink, gray, and white floors. There are two curved archways of pretty shiny orange rosewood on each side of the staircase.
The entrance hall or foyer for ya’ll hicks, is made of walnut wood paneling, greeting guests and strangers. It is 35 feet across, so wide of an empty space, that three saddle horses can ride side-by-side, after galloping one-by-one up the front porch bricked steps.
Cinco had tried and then failed receiving a severe punishment with his two brothers and their three stallions at the age of six years old.
The curved archways of rosewood outline each parlor room are built between the end corners beside the grand staircase exhibiting a pair of crystal sparking glass door knobs. The house design echoes the yesteryears of civilized formal entertainment that had been hosted by the manor’s gentile couple.
The gentile couple of the Old South had serve a large tray of homemade tea biscuits and a teapot of sweet hot tea for a pair of pink-painted lips of southern belles inside the east parlor room. A large whiskey glass and a lit cigar had tinged the tongue pallet of a southern gentleman inside the west parlor room.
Inside the current Balegreen Manor, the formal dining room holds a single dining table made of mahogany wood and held up by four animal-paw sculpted lion feet with extended bone curved five claws. There are seven wooden leaves, in case extra set of guests come numbering up to 32 hungry bodies at suppertime. Two French Louie, the VII, armchairs guard the foot (queen of the manor) and the head (king of the manor) of the elegant wooden table. The other chairs are side chairs for poking elbows at your enemy or friend, depending upon your assigned eating seat.
The china set, in the dining room, is the original 200 pieces: silver trimmed plates, with a tiny splattering of delicate purple flowers, in the middle of the white plate. The bone china was baked for the McCory family. There is a wooden clock, inside the dining room, upon the non-working but really real fireplace mantel, also, an original antique, coming from the McCory family. It counts the solar time, like it did, in the hours, after the Battle of Franklin, in December 1864.
The most unique room, a semi-circular ballroom with Corinthian (flowers at the top) columns and hand-cast archways lined with reflective mirrors, from ceiling to floor, so the southern belles could see, if their silk covered ankles or whale-bone hoops were showing beneath their dancing ball skirts.


Foyer location
Stairwell setting
05:14 pm


Arie vacuums the marble, wood, tile floors, and then each carpet rug starting at the double set of entrance doors, trotting up the grand staircase, moving into each private sleeping chamber and then slowly strolling back down the staircase. She works the vacuum cleaner around the four guest bedrooms and then stores the cleaning equipment inside a supply closet which is located on the first floor.
She wipes down all the kitchen counters for a fourth time with a dry cloth, padding back and forth going in and out from each room exercising her energetic muscles and her active mind. She waddles in bare feet toward the foyer setting with a chin down into a chest in blindness and then hits a wall of steel muscles.
“I can tell very easily. You visited with Grandma Dunlap today.” Breck reaches out and holds both of her two skinny arms between his two manly hands without guessing but deducing at her odd behavior. When Arie is upset, she busies her energy by cleaning and polishing the already spotless house including all the clean appliances, floors, and furnishings, after the bonded and paid maid service has left the Balegreen house for the afternoon.
“Yes, Breck,” Arie stares at his clean shirt and smells his cologne of fresh woody spice like the smell of her dead husband. She is five feet and two inches short when she is compared to his six feet and six inches of tallness height.
“And I can tell that you saw Aurora.” Breck exhales with annoyance, not pleased to speak that un-popular name within his biological family tree. You can pick your friends, not family members.
“You’re very perceptive like your father, Breck.” Arie views the clean floor looking for more dust bunnies missed for the third time.
Breck chuckles, “Thank you kindly!” Then he changes his timbre into deadly baritone. “What did that bitch say to you, Mama?”
Arie looks up with a stern face and stares into his distorted face, saying with motherly firmness. “The proper words, Aunt Aurora, should always be substituted for your incorrect grammar, Breck,” she smirks at her overprotective hero and then swiftly straightens her lips into a flat line avoiding a confrontation with her loving child. “And it’s just a ‘sister thing.’”
“You know I continue to search for hard evidence of an alien invasion from outer space. The aliens are secretly hiding here on planet Earth proving that Aurora ain’t your sister. I’m sorry to say that I’ve achieved failure so far, Commander. But I’ll eventually success, ma’am,” Breck smiles as she giggles.


Sixteen years and nine months ago, Arie had been heavenly blessed with three fetuses that grew into three boys and as her belly exploded into north, south, east, and west directions. Her skin had stretched toward the foreign country of China.
When the semi-round bubble finally popped open, the first babe to emerge had been Breck. He had been hollering and kicking with a set of long skinny feet and punching a set of long slender fingers at all the working medical staff coming out of the womb.


Present day and place, inside the foyer setting, a person should not base the personality of Breck on his birth arrival though. He is bright, somber, sober, and serious with a deep touch of sour dry wit, targeting both foes and friends. And he dearly loves his mother.
Breck smiles with a wink at her. “Ya know, Flamingo is going to be a great medical doc, some day, because he can readily identify numerous negative depressive signs of mental collapse within psycho-crazy brain cells on Aunt Aurora.”
“Didn’t I teach you as instructed within The Good Book not to say any nasty American words about other folks, Breck?” Arie shakes her waist-length graying blonde hair with a frown which is getting grayer by the second.
“Aurora is an alien, not a nice folk living here on planet Earth. My case in point, what did she want from you, today, Mama?”
“Saturday night…”
Breck tosses both arms in the air with a sour frown. Arie pulls back with a smile. He frowns. “Aw, man! Babysit the two brats on a Saturday night interfering with our wild male bond rituals and illegal drinking habits,” he chuckles with a wink at her.
“I like when you entertain me with your silly jokes, Breck. Grandma has volunteered ya’ll boys for this most urgent assignment. Since Aurora has a social event for the evening dumping the children on her loving, but not caring grandparents.”
Breck leans down and hugs his mother, giving a motherly peck her smooth cheekbone for love, pulling back with a whisper. “Only for you and Grandma Dunlap, we kill any time day or night, rain or sun, hail or snow as ordered, Commander.”
“Thanks kindly, Breck! Do you want me to tell your brothers the bad news?”
Breck shakes his skull with a smile. “Naw, Mama! That’s my job as first man of the cow ranch,” he stands upright with a wink and then spins around to face the staircase, moving up the staircase with a stern face.
Arie smiles at her very well-behaved and very responsible first born triplet, watching him advance up the stairs.


2nd floor level location
Pig Pen setting
05:24 pm


The football sails across the room as Breck dashes inside Pig Pen, jumps into the air, and then intercepts the flying object, before it reaches Flamingo’s open palms. Then he falls down on his chest flattening a body on top of the soft foam mat floor for an awesome feat while chuckling with the fun event.
“Great catch, dude!” Cinco whips his blonde locks back down to see the biology textbook, studying the confusing question again.
Breck slowly stands upright from the floor with a smile, parking the football underneath his armpit, staring at each brother. “We have been handed a mission, boys.”
Flamingo looks up from the textbook and then frowns at Breck. “Naw! I’m not babysitter the two baby bitches. You, go and tell Queen Bitch Aurora to shove that verbal command all the way up her fat ass, so far, that she regurgitates a mouth of puke green vomit all over her shiny new mahogany wood dining room table,” he returns back and works on the same problem in silence.
Mahogany wood is a rich reddish-brown type of wood with a smooth even grain pattern of very expensive tree trunks.
“You should be a writer of teen horror novels, Flamingo.” Cinco writes down the answer with the blue ink pen on the loose notebook paper with a chuckle.
“The marching orders come directly down from Grandma Dunlap,” Breck nods to Flaming.
Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap and works on homework assignment in silence.
“Saturday night, I got a hot date with my hot girl Babbie. So, you two single adoring lads handle the pair of kitty kittens. Click me out of the pic!” Cinco reaches over and then checks his mobile telephone, after hearing the soft ping of a new text, probably coming from Babbie, who is working on her daily homework assignments at her home.
Flamingo looks up with a smile to see his brother Cinco. “You and Babbie are cemented at the hip, since fourth grade. You both need to work on your parenting skills, because you practice un-safe sex,” he jabs his number two pencil at Cinco.
“I use my Troy boys.” Cinco smiles down at her message, dropping the mobile telephone by his leg, reaching over and flips backwards the pages for the correct answer again.
Flamingo grins. “That’s not what I hear.”
Cinco looks up with a frown to see Flamingo. “You need a pair of new eardrums, Flamingo. I practice safe sex. But I do heavily interrogate all of your numerous weird-o love techniques.”
“My techniques are slick and slippery. Do you care to observe your master, son?” Flamingo tosses both arms in the air, slamming his hands into the wall with a grin and then drops both hands back down onto the textbook with a chuckle.
Breck marches ahead and then stops, standing between Cinco and Flamingo while blocking Flamingo’s eyesight. He smiles at Cinco. “Tell Babbie to bring a couple of more babes with her to this Saturday’s romantic hot spot! We build a heated bonfire at Aurora’s pretty house and then see if it’s fire retardant,” he chuckles with Cinco.
“And!” Flamingo hollers behind the back spine on Breck, since he can’t see the giggling faces of Breck or Cinco.
Breck ignores Flamingo. “Beer, babes, and blew out the stereo speakers in Aurora’s new music player which is located on third-nested book shelf on her brand new home entertainment center,” he reaches out and then fist bumps with Cinco.
“And!” Flamingo hollers for a second time.
“And I’m in.” Cinco pulls back his folded fist with a nod and a grin to Breck.
“And bring along that hot ‘pretty thing’ to the roast also!” Flamingo laughs behind Breck’s back spine.
Cinco leans around Breck with a puzzled brow to see Flamingo. “What, pretty thing?” Then he views Breck. “O! You’re talking about Breck’s new crush. Look at him blush with a set of bright pink flamingo apple cheeks.”
The mobile telephone sings out loud with a popular country musical song.
Breck pulls out his mobile telephone, checking the unfamiliar number. The mobile telephone continues to sings out loud with the musical song.
“I bet ‘pretty thing’ is calling you, Breck.” Flamingo looks down with a smile and scribbles down the answer on the calculus homework problem.
“Why do you say that, Flamingo?” Cinco stares at Breck. Breck isn’t answering the phone but staring at the strange telephone number.
“Pretty Thing and I take the same AP classes together. She just happened to ask me for Breck’s cell number in our shared chemistry class, before football practice.” Flamingo chuckles.
Breck answers the singing mobile telephone with a smile. “Hey! I mean, hello there, darling. This is Breck speaking.” Flamingo and Cinco laugh out loud. Breck spins around with a sour frown and exits the Pig Pen room dashing into his private bedroom suite for both isolation and privacy while flirting with Lacey.
He pauses and then listens to her sweet timber on the other end of the mobile telephone.
He enters his private bedroom and slides over the neatly made red and black bed covers, grinning with delight. “Good evening, Lacey! I’m so pleased to hear your delicate soprano twang fill my earlobes.”
Pause.
He smiles, “Naw, babe! I’m not busy, hanging with my bros, waiting for the call to supper.”
Pause.
He nods. “My homework assignments are finished, as soon as, I arrive home from football practice. I make a practice of being a good academic student, just like you….”
Pause.
He frowns. “I concur completely with your statement. It’s rather unfortunate I’m not in AP classes also. We could be seating right next to each other working on our projects, just the two…”
Pause.
He chuckles, “Yeah! Flamingo enjoys using a set of big nasty words. Please, remember? The redneck doesn’t understand the full meaning of all these articulated verbs and nouns. He only picks up and repeats them coming from Cinco’s disgusting bad habits. You…”
Pause.
He frowns, “Naw, doll! I’m nothing like my two brothers…”
Pause.
He smiles. “You’re amazing, Lacey. You’re so correct and exact. You must make an A-plus in on every one of your AP biology tests. Your scientific facts are true. We’re triplets that share the same physical features but have very different and distinct personalities and attitudes.”
Pause.
He frowns, “Yeah! Flamingo has inherited the kingly attitude. But I’m first born of the triplets taking my place as the leader commanding all the wise decisions.”
Pause.
He chuckles. “I like to make decisions, even tough decisions. Don’t frighten me! Are you first born as well?”
Pause.
He smiles, “An only child, how delightful! You’re one of kind as they say like your…”
Pause.
He nods. “I like your ride and…”
Pause.
He frowns. “Your dad grabbed it for a steal. Your Chevy black colored pickup truck was purchased for 35,000 dollars with 48,200 miles. Hmm! That’s a lot of money for an old pickup truck. Do you go muddin’ in your truck?”
Pause.
He grins. “The word muddin’ is spelled without the letter G. Do you take your truck into a water hole for a fun workout?”
Pause.
Outside the closed bedroom door, Cinco yells out loud and then pounds both fists on the wood. “Stop mind-fucking your pretty thing, Breck. Supper time is here.”
Breck covers the mobile telephone with his hand, sneering at the closed door.



Tuesday August 26th

Hot temperatures with parted clouds of bright sunlight
Lacy High School location
Student parking lot
07:43 am


Flamingo parks the car and then kills the engine, reaching down, jerking open his door while barely missing the upright body on new student Lacey, who continues to touch the bright red paint job with her set of bright orange fingernails next to the back seat window. She smiles down into the interior of the sports car. “The front seats incorporate a set of sueded microfiber inserts with red accented stitching of the Camaro logo which is embroidered on the front head restraints too. Do you see the embroidered Camaro log?” She leans down and tries to touch the fabric on his driver’s seat.
“Sueded!” Flamingo frowns with annoyance, sliding out the car door, slamming the door in her face.
She rushes backward without a nose collision with a gasp, then halts, standing inside an empty parking spot and points down at the car with a smile. “The fifth generation Chevrolet Camaro is a pony car which is manufactured by General Motors and marketed under the Chevrolet brand name.”
“Pony car!” Flamingo rolls his eyeballs and then spins around to face the school, strutting away from her.
Breck dashes ahead and then halts cuddling Lacey. He leans down, sweet breathing in her eardrum with a set of secret words.
Lacey giggles at the cute words from Breck and then continues to ramble, staring at the school building. “With segment-topping performance complementing its striking styling, the Chevrolet Camaro is the mostest top pick performance car from every car magazine.”
“Mostest!” Flamingo turns and frowns with puzzlement at the rear skull on Cinco.
Cinco moves and drools on Babbie’s hand, neck, and then her face while ignoring the new rambling blonde airhead at Lacy Springs High.
“The Chevrolet Camaro rocks.” Lacey tosses the arm in the air with a loud cheer for the car.
“Rocks!” Flamingo returns back and frowns at the back spine of some of the students, then looks at the open entrance doors on the school building.
Lacey moves with Breck and continues to ramble with her string of weird words with a smile. “Not only living up to the hype but it definitely redefines what a muscle car can truly become. The base model looks fast but goes slow due to a lumpy V6 engine while the V8 engine inside Flamingo’s muscle car performs a burnout in the high school parking lot.”
Cinco releases the lips on Babbie and then turns with a smile to see the nose profile on his brother. “Flamingo, go and do one! Show us a parking lot burnout, dude!”
“Stuff it, Cinco!” Flamingo moves between Cinco and Breck with fury and scratches his neck while trying to psychological analyze the new cowgirl at a teenager level or maybe at a toddler level.
“But it can’t corner to save its ass like a Ford Mustang.” Lacey nods with a smile.
“Mustang!” Flamingo stops with a gasp and then leans down, mouth spitting on the pavement, standing upright and turns to see Lacey with a deep snarl.
Lacey giggles, hiding behind Breck’s bicep.
Breck shakes his skull, protecting her. “Don’t say that curse word around Flamingo, Lacey! He gets violent and vicious and sometimes drools out his mouth spit on top of his naked feet. It’s an ugly site to behold, honey,” he chuckles with Cinco and Babbie as Lacey cuddles into the rib cage on Breck.
Flamingo slowly moves ahead with a sour frown toward the school doors, strutting in a row with his brothers, Babbie and Lacey.
Lacey moves with Breck, smiling at the school building. “The two-twenty inched wheels in the front and the rear are forged in black polished aluminum with ten spokes. This is a standard base size on all Camaro Coupes...”
Flamingo says. “ZL1…”
“See ya, too, hon!” Lacey leans forward winking at Flamingo.
Flamingo turns and frowns at her. “The letters on my car designate the Camaro as the Z.L.1. The model and numbers stand for a 6.2 litter of a supercharged engine with 580 horses and 556 wind torque. The engine block go-goes from zero to sixty miles per hour in 3.9 seconds on a hard body pavement.”
Lacey stands upright with a gasp and then stops, spinning around with a puzzled brow, staring the red tinted Camaro ZLI “That…that’s a sixty-thousand-dollar car for a seventeen-year-old kid?”
Flamingo leans over with a sour frown and a whisper into the cheekbone on Breck. “Is she drunk?”
“Naw.” Breck grins goofy with his hick love girlfriend to Flamingo.
“Is she loco?” Flamingo frowns to Breck.
He smiles. “She’s just excited. That’s all and trying to impress…”
“Me!” Flamingo gasps.
“Me!” Breck reaches over and then shoves Flamingo from his face while frowning with puzzlement.
Flamingo rolls with the shove and then stops, sneering with a fury. “Well, go and kiss her face and make her shut up!” He exhales with annoyance, hearing the bell for homeroom, leaving his brothers in the parking lot clay dust.


First period hour
AP chemistry class location
Second day of week
Third week of the academic year
07:56 am


Flamingo struts ahead on a pair of nasty, stained, and worn brown colored flip flops from the busy student hallway into a bright mint green painted classroom which had been repainted over the summer session by the set of active parents, including his mother and all the devoted school teachers. They had used donated funds to update and clean last year’s muck and mud from the scuffed wooden floors and numerous dirty walls inside the interior of the school building.
The first academic course on the second day of the third week in the high school year, Flamingo is designated as a high school senior.
He struts ahead toward his favorite chair which is located on the last row in the first position next to the wall of windows. He stops and then reaches down, lifting up the free-standing light wooden chair, twisting it backwards, slamming the wood hard against a three feet free-standing matching light wooden writing table. He parks his backpack inside the empty chair and then draws out each school textbooks and associated homework notebook on top of the empty table. He selects the chemistry book and assignment notebook for the first period academic course.
Flamingo grabs up the other academic school textbooks and the associated homework notebooks into both of his arms, slowly scooting around the writing desk, moving back toward the rear classroom wall with a smile. He stops and stands in front of his personal metal four feet student locker, sliding open the door, neatly dropping inside each textbook.
Lacy Springs High School is blessed with a few wealthy school alumni who enjoy giving their bank monies for additional new textbooks, new social programs, and massive improvements inside the AP section of the high school campus. The AP students are separated from the regular high school graders in the tenth, eleventh, and twelfth, possessing their own set of class rooms, bathrooms, laboratories, and a library. However, all the students eat the lunch meals at various times inside the newly renovated lunch room, including all the genius eggheads. Some of the genius eggheads had invaded the school coming from the northern portion of metro city Huntsville as a set of rejected ejects from the gifted program in Madison County.
The current AP classroom holds Flamingo and eighteen other genius egghead students.
On the rear floor, in front of the open locker, Flamingo gently shuts the door and then back steps, slowly spinning around to face the rows and his assigned seat, slowly moving beside the row of windows. He turns and smiles at the manicured lawn of scattered tall pine trees, flying flock of bird blues, and a playing pair of two squirrel.
He had selected this particular writing desk two years ago as a sophomore student after passing all his academic tests and qualifying for a spot inside the Advancement Placement (AP) classroom. The set of AP courses will leap frog him swiftly into the Birmingham University academic atmosphere as a sophomore college student. Flamingo will graduate, as one of thirteen valedictorians at Lacy Springs High School next spring. Then, he will attend college, attain a biology undergraduate degree, and graduate Burn U, enrolling into the Birmingham State University School of Medicine, becoming a medical physician.
Inside the classroom, he stops and exhales with happiness while staring at the pretty day in August, sliding down into the backwards chair, leaning over and wraps both muscular biceps around the chair back rest. He musically taps on top of the closed textbook with a set of trimmed fingernails while waiting for the teacher and all the students to settle down into an assigned seat also. He swings a face to the wall of windows again smiling at the summertime weather through one of three sets of glass doors that lead out onto a yellow painted concrete patio that seriously clashes with the interior mint green painted walls. He snorts with amusement at the sissy paint color but enjoys the calming landscape of gently swaying tree limbs and greenery while easing his active mind during each intense intellectual challenge of the AP courses.
“Up! Move your fanny up now!” A nasty female alto timber echoes beside the writing desk next to Flamingo.
Flamingo spins around to see the nose profile on Lacey with the ‘e.’ She stands in front of the writing desk and then bosses the little tenth grader female, who currently sits parallel to Flamingo’s writing table on the second row. He watches the sad action.
The petite black haired and pale skinned girl gathers an armful of books while quietly obeying the pretty mean new AP student, silently sliding out her assigned first chair, moving backward two seats in the same row behind the first chair.
Lacey slams her bright orange designer purse down on the top of the empty writing desk with a grin and then turns with a wink to Flamingo while nosily popping a piece of the orange tinted, smelly bubble gum that echoes near the eardrums of Flamingo.
Flamingo frowns with annoyance at Lacey with an ‘e.’ “No chewing gum in here!” He glances back to see the tenth grader.
The black-haired and pale-skinned petite girl re-positions her body and her books into a comfortable pose at a new writing chair and table.
Flamingo exhales with annoyance and toys with a swift idea of popping a folded fist into Lacey’s distorted face or at least on her thin arm for her pain and his pleasure. But Lacey with an ‘e’ would tattle tale to his older triplet brother Breck. Then, Flamingo would have to blacken an eye socket on Breck’s handsome face too and then explain the entire messy event to his mother which would make his mother very upset.
Arie doesn’t get mad, only emotional with tears, which bothers her three triplets more than their mother trying to yell out loud with her cute and funny southern accent at each troublesome child.
So, Flamingo nixes the slick plan watching Lacey prim and prime her pretty face. She applies a set of bright orange lipstick over her pair of chapped lips.
The chemistry teacher appears inside the AP classroom and then stands in front of the white board, staring at each student with a smile, saying with a steady dull alto female timber. “Good morning, Geniuses! Today, our new class assignment will begin in Chapter Seven, Atomic Matter. As I remind, every day, this is AP which stands for advanced people, with advanced perks. We will advance per week three chapters while completing the AP chemistry by the third week of December before the Christmas holiday which is required by the State of Alabama Education Department. The winter session will start the new AP physics course which excites me, very much, as well as, our graduating seniors. This will be counted toward one of many college credits for you as a science or engineering major at Burn U or Bam U,” she scans the room, seeing each bright and eager student.
“You may work in pairs or groups, which I highly discourage. In the college atmosphere, you will work independently at your own pace, making your own pathway using your brain and your academic greatness. I encourage all of you to try, test, and pursue that achievement trial here within this high school atmosphere. If you have any questions about the contents or assignments or need swift clarification on any subject matter, please visit with me. I will be working down the hallway inside my private office like a college profession and away from each studious student. You may begin, right now,” she watches each student. Each head looks down and then flip open the textbook, reading the information or scribbling down notes on a laptop or a piece of paper. Then she turns and departs from the classroom.
On the second row, in first chair, Lacey looks down with a frown and then opens the chemistry textbook, flipping to the first page of Chapter One, saying out loud to Flamingo. “That old bat, she told me that I’m required to turn in each homework assignment coming from every question from chapters one to six inside this old chemistry book by next week. Or I face an incomplete for the school term which ends in more three weeks, right before the Christmas holiday. Now, I gotta complete chapters seven, eight, and nine inside this old chemistry book by Friday morning at eight o’clock,” exhaling.
On the first row, in the first chair, Flamingo ignores the whining alto timber, jumping ahead to answer each question in chapter ten. He had completed all the chapter nine questions last night between joking and jerking at Breck’s love sick demeanor over his silly cowgirl Lacey with an ‘e.’ 
Now, Lacey sits parallel to his writing arm in their shared AP classroom.
Lacey swings a smile to see the nose profile on Flamingo while batting her pair of black- tinted mascaras-covered eyelashes, saying with a sweet timber. “Flamingo honey, do you happen to have all the homework assignments for chapters one to six that I can borrow for a few days? I’ll return back the work notebooks. I promise like a good Nature Girl. Do you like to eat a pan of fudge chocolate brownies, Flamingo? I can cook, too, really good. I love to cook trays of chocolate brownies that are gooey, wet, sticky, and hot,” she leans over and then gently touches his naked forearm with a grin.
Flamingo cuts his eyeballs down to see her hand with the bright neon orange colored fingernails and then views her grin, “Naw.”
“No. Do you not like to eat a pan of chocolate gooey, wet, sticky and hot brownies? Or do you not have each chapter one to six notebook assignments?” Lacey frowns with frustration.
“Naw,” Flamingo exhales with annoyance into her distorted ugly face and then returns his eyeballs back down, staring at the next question inside his chemistry textbook.
Lacey returns back with a pout to see her open textbook and then reach down, swiftly flipping each page, turning to the exact page, that Flamingo works. She reaches down and grabs a blue ink pen, writing the math number one for the first question on top of the empty notepaper, turning with smile to see his nose profile. “That’s okay about the other notebook assignments for chapters one to six, Flamingo darling. I will start on my new assignment in chapter ten, right now, too. Then, you and I can work on my other missing answers together. Maybe, I can come over to your house this afternoon, after our school session has ended at three o’clock.”
“Naw.” Flamingo scribbles down the equation for question number three.
“What is the answer to question number three, sweetheart?” Lacey reaches down and places both hands on the edge of the chair, slowly scooting across the floor with a loud scraping sound, parking her chair next to Flamingo’s writing table. She turns and stares down at his notepaper, holding her ink pen near her smile.
“Seven point three,” Flamingo scribbles the formula for question four.
“How did you get the number seven point three on question number three, babe?” Lacey leans down and writes down the math number 7.3 on her paper notepad, returning to steal the equation formula for question number four. She copies the same answer down onto her piece of paper like she is dumb or something.
“I followed the directions.” Flamingo reaches over and then flips the pages to verify the math solution with a smile.
Lacey leans over and then whispers with a frown into his smooth cheekbone. “You don’t seem like me, very much. Why don’t you like me, very much, Flamingo?”
“I might like you better, if I could…” he views her with a wink. “You’re a virgin, ain’t that right, honey child?”
Lacey arches the other hand into the air like she wants Flamingo to kiss the skin, saying with a smile and a nod. “I’m a true and tried southern belle.”
Flamingo looks down at her dark skinned hand and then up to see her face leaning into her space with a smirk and a whisper. “You ain’t tired, doll, that’s for certain. So, that makes you Breck’s property,” he sits back and then leans over, studying the next question with a grin.
Lacey slaps the hand down onto the open textbook, saying with a grin and a nod at his nose profile. “I like Breck. He’s cute, but you’re the smartest one among the lot.”
“We’re triplets. We’re all cute. We’re all smart.” Flamingo flips the page, reading through the information.
Lacey stares with a grin at his nose profile. “Well, you’re the quarterback on the football team that requires brains. Ain’t that right, darling? You must remember hundreds and hundreds of football plays and toss that football in the air to hundreds and hundreds of football players. Kicking a football around the flat grass is easy that doesn’t require a head of brains, does it there, honey?”
Flamingo writes down the answer on the paper to question number five with a stern face. “It only requires a head of brains for both math and physics properties. There ain’t hundreds and hundreds of players on a football team,” he looks up with a confused brow to see Lacey.  Did you really pass your AP exams?”
Lacey shakes her curls with a wink. “I’m not an athlete, darling. I’m a beauty queen, honey.”
“Queenie, that’s your nickname, ain’t that right, doll?” Flamingo laughs out loud. The silly cowgirl probably doesn’t understand the nasty southern reference which is not a nice term for a southern belle.
“Lacey, that’s my name. I don’t have a nickname. How did you get that nickname, Flamingo? That’s a stupid bird living in Asia.”
“The graceful fowl with a set of elegant and soft pink tinted feathers resides within the great State of Florida, which is my birth place, first off. Second off…” he frowns. “It’s a secret.”
She rolls her eyes and then winks at Flamingo. “O! Goody! You’re not a true redneck. What a relief? I like real men, not real rednecks. Why aren’t you a redneck like the other cowboys here in Alabama, Flamingo?”
“It’s a secret, too.”
She frowns at him and then looks down with a stern face to see the open textbook. “Your brother Breck will tell me your deep dark secret. Since, you’re acting silly and mean toward sweet little me.”
“Naw.” Flamingo returns back with a smirk and then scribbles down the answer to question number five in his paper notebook. The school bell rings ending the first period of classes. He slams the notebook between the pages of the chemistry textbook while marking his place to finish his assignment at home, without an annoying Lacey with the letter E.”


Balegreen Cow Ranch location
Hot temperatures with parted clouds of bright sunshine
2nd floor level location
Pig Pen setting
05:32 pm


On top of the ratty chaise lounge chair against the side wall inside Pig Pen, he leans against the back rest with a glossy magazine on top of his lap, looking at the flying ball with a sour frown, “Lacey, sweetie!” Breck holds his mobile telephone in his face.
On the opposite side of Pig Pen, inside the second ratty chaise lounge chair, Cinco pops a colorful red, blue, and yellow stripped rubber beach ball into the air.
Breck lifts up the free hand and then bats the ball back to Cinco. Cinco watches the ball descend down into his space near his chest and then reaches up, violently punching the ball into the wall above Breck’s skull. Breck intersects the ball while still talking on the mobile telephone. “That’s a secret which is shared by me and my two brothers, Lacey.” Breck pitches the ball in Flamingo’s direction.
On the rear wall, inside a third ratty brown tinted assigned chaise lounge chair, Flamingo studies two different textbooks on each side of his body, scribbling down each homework answer with a number two lead pencil and as his eyeballs rotate back and forth between the lined paper and the marked textbook page.
“Flamingo, heads up!” Cinco yells out loud with a smile for his brother Breck.
Flamingo ignores his two brothers, the single ball, and the petty begging coming from the lips on Breck during the one-side mobile telephone conversation with an annoying Lacey with an ‘e.’
“I’m not a mama’s boy.” Breck swiftly flips toward the entrance wall, staring at the gigantic plasma television which is blank, tilting away from a chuckling Cinco and a serious-faced Flamingo. He exhales with frustration into the speaker on the mobile telephone. “I mean here. I’m my mama’s little baby boy who was birthed as the first born triplet…”
“Flamingo, it’s your turn. Toss me the ball!” Cinco sits inside his assigned chaise lounge chair on the opposite side with an open geometry book across his lap while ignoring all of his homework problems. He has more fun texting Babbie at home on her mobile telephone and annoying the shit out of Flamingo, instead of trying to figure out the geometry problem. And he enjoys chuckling at the silly one-sided hick love mobile telephone conversation between his brother Breck and the new student Lacey.
“Busy!” Flamingo reaches down and flips to the next page, studying the new formulas.
Cinco tosses the book and the notepad to the side, where both items fall down onto the floor with two loud thumps, standing upright from the lounge chair with a smile. He dashes ahead and then stops, standing at the end of Flamingo’s naked feet. Cinco studies the two different academic textbooks representing the subjects of chemistry and calculus that are totally unrelated subjects. He smiles down at the blonde hair roots on Flamingo. “Are you postulating some type of wild ass new theory of something, dude?”
“Busy!” Flamingo flips to the next page, reading the information with a stern face.
Breck continues to stare at the blank screen on the television set and exhales with a sour frown, saying on the mobile telephone with Lacey. “You can’t come over here to my house, Lacey, not now. This is a school night. My mama doesn’t allow friends over here.”
Cinco spins around with a gasp to see the back spine on Breck in silence.
Flamingo stops turning the page and looks up, staring at the back spine on Breck while feeling deep concern.
The triplets are allowed with their mother’s permission to invite a house guest to the cow ranch for any day and night activity on the weekend day of Saturday and early afternoon after church service on Sunday, until the evening hours. Sunday night is reserved for Cinco to finish all of his homework assignments. Therefore, there is not an evening weekday Monday through Thursday stranger or friend visitation. Since this is a direct violation of their mother’s house rule for each mischievous teen boy and the stranger visitation interferes in their school’s sporting events and academic performance of homework.
Breck shakes his cropped hair and stares with a frown at the television screen. “My mama does not allow a friend either a guy or a girl over here at the cow ranch for the evening, especially on a school night, sweetheart. I follow all my mama’s rules, because I love and respect my mama, Lacey. Yeah, I did finish my homework. My homework is all done. Naw, I can’t.”
Cinco and Flamingo turn and gasp at each other’s face with the secret. Breck is about to break a serious infraction among one of their mother’s house rules: inviting a friend over on a school night.
Breck smiles at the black tinted television screen. “Yes, I do. I really do. I really care. And I really do care, but I can’t do that. I don’t need to leave the cow ranch for any reason. I have everything I need, right here…”
Pause.
He frowns. “Tomorrow night is Wednesday night which is also a church night. Don’t you go to church on a Wednesday evening, too?”
Pause.
He sits uprights and then smashes his shoulders against the back rest on the chaise, staring the distorted face on Cinco and then Flamingo, saying with a stern face with Lacey on the phone. “I’m not…” he gasps. “I’ll text you with my thoughts. Get off the phone, right now, Lacey, sweetheart! Bye!” He jerks the phone down from his face and then starts to thumb type on the tiny screen, typing out a text message to his girl Lacey.
Flamingo frowns with confusion at the blonde hair roots on Breck. “Breck, you’re making a very big mistake, here, bro.”
“Busy!” Breck continues to smirk and texts his new devious plan with Lacey.
Cinco frowns with fury at the blonde hair roots on Breck. “We follow our mama’s rules, because we love our mama. There’s no other reason but love and respect for our mama, dude,” he reaches out with a sneer and then slaps down on Breck’s naked toes.
“I love Mama, too, Cinco.” Breck continues typing out a text message for Lacey and then reading her new texts with a smile.
Flamingo frowns down at the blonde hair roots on Breck. “What are you planning to do here next, Breck? Is it for Lacey or for Mama?”
“I love Mama, too, Flamingo.” Breck continues typing out a text message for Lacey and then reading her new set of texts with a grin.
Flamingo gently sets both his notebook of paper and his number two pencil aside on top of the extra fabric, rolling off the lounge chair, swiftly strolling toward the archway as the time is close to suppertime. He turns and nods to Cinco. “I’m not tattling about nothing to Mama. Are you tattling about something to Mama, Cinco?”
Cinco nods back with a stern face at Flamingo and then looks with a worried brow at the blonde hair roots on Breck, “Naw. I’m a triplet too. But, Breck needs to think about his next stupid poopy move out of respect for our mama, not his selfish dick.”
Flamingo stops and stands with a laugh inside the archway, leaning forward, searching an empty hallway for his mother Arie.
Breck looks up and then hisses at Cinco, returning back down, texting on the tiny screen on his mobile telephone with a smirk.
Flamingo jerks back from the empty hallway, standing inside the archway, spinning around with a stern face and a nod. “Mama’s coming up the stairs. Ya’ll act normal, Cinco,” he turns and steps around the wall, reaching down, cutting the power off the television sets, the radio, and the DVD player. Arie likes to have her dinner meal every night with her three sons while discussing the day’s and tomorrow’s school events and sporting activities within a quiet and loving atmosphere without the upstairs racket of a blasting music song and a series of non-family voices.
Cinco stands in place and then points at the dead television screen with a laugh of annoyance. “O! Is this acting normal in here, Flamingo?” He spins around and moves back to his assigned lounge chair, leaning down, grabbing the textbook and the ink pen. He closes up the textbook with the pen, sitting both items on top of the fabric, marking the spot to finish his homework, after the suppertime meal. He spins around with a smile to face the archway and the upcoming fireworks.
“As normal as, Breck going goo-goo over a giggling virgin cowgirl,” Flamingo swiftly dashes ahead and stops, standing in front of his assigned lounge chair like normal.
Breck continues to sit inside his ratty lounge chair while ignores all the nasty banter from each brother, texting back with Lacey.
“Young gentlemen!” Arie appears and stands with a smile inside the open archway of Pig Pen like always every evening during the weekdays of Monday through Thursday. “Supper…” she turns with a gasp to see all the shut-down electronics. “It is very quiet here inside the Pig Pen!”
Flamingo moves ahead and then stop standing in front of Arie, jerking a finger up to his lips with a whisper. “It is a very quiet time here in Pig Pen, mama.” He drops the finger with a grin, standing over her five feet petiteness, “Sh, Mama! Breck, he’s got a great big bad academic high school test for tomorrow. So, we all are being especially good and quiet for our big bro right now to pass his mental examination.”
Arie turns and frowns at Breck with worry. He continues to sit on top of the ratty brown tinted lounge chair while typing a text back at Lacey in silence. She exhales. “O dear! Please, do not tell me that Breck is having difficulties in his academic studies also along with you, too, Cinco. I pray quickly to Brother Jesus that all my boys will pass out of high school and into college…”
“Naw, Mama! We are doing fine and dandy along with Breck. We’re seniors. This is the last year to get it right.” Flamingo reaches out and grabs both of her arms, tenderly twisting Arie to face the open hallway with a smile.
She moves ahead first, exiting into the empty hallway. Flamingo exits from the room and then moves beside his mother with a smile, gently reaching out, grabbing her arm and escorts his mother for both protection and love. They both slowly pad down the corridor toward the stairway, whispering with a set of words.
Cinco swiftly exits Pig Pen with a laugh and marches with a smile behind the back spine of Arie and Flamingo. “Get. It. Right. You can use that slick motto in your valedictorian acceptance speech in front of school next spring, dude.”
 Inside Pig Pen room, Breck finishes the last text with Lacey and smiles, rolling off the lounge chair, quickly exiting the room, dashing ahead and moves beside Cinco with a grin.
They both turn and move down each step waiting the rear skull on Flamingo and Arie.
On top of each step, Cinco leans over with a grin into the cheekbone on Breck, shouting out loud into the eardrum on Breck. “What do you think about that slick motto, Brick Brain? Or do you think he will get it wrong?” He elbows Breck and then violently starts shoving his brother side to side across each wide step as they both move down the staircase.
Breck stumbles across the wide step and then bumps into the banister with a soft grunt without tumbling down on the back spine of his brother and his mother while sneering at Cinco. He sits upright and then continues to move down each step.
Cinco scoots across the same wide step and then violently shoves Breck back and forth into wooden banister for annoyance.
On top of the foyer floor, Arie and Flamingo hit the floor arm-and-arm inside the entrance hall slowly veering around the banister and turns down into the hallway, moving ahead toward the dining room. Flamingo glances back with a soft giggle at the violent behavior between his two brothers, looking ahead and then leans over to hear his mother’s soft timber with a smile.
Breck hits the floor inside the entrance hall and tries to escape from vicious Cinco.
Cinco hits the floor next, reaching out and then grabs, yanking Breck back in line even with Cinco’s shoulder with a loud growl, violently shoving Breck into the side wall with more annoying fun.
Breck slams into the side wall inside the enclosed hallway with a loud grunt and then ricochets back into the rib cage of Cinco.
Cinco continues to shove Breck side to side, grabbing the dizzy Breck, shuffling them behind the back spine of Flamingo and Arie.
Flamingo and Arie slowly turns into the dining room, separating each body, advancing to an assigned chair at the dining room table. 


1st floor level location
Dining room setting
05:33 pm


Cinco turns first into the dining room space, swiftly departing from Breck and moves ahead toward his assigned dining room chair at the table.
Breck dashes ahead with a soft hiss while staring at the nose profile on Cinco and scoots around the end of the table, stopping in front of his assigned chair on the opposite side of Cinco, exhaling with annoyance at his tough baby brother.
For years, first born triplet Breck had been filled with brotherly jealous while sitting alone on the opposite table side beside his mother Arie. His two brothers Cinco and Flamingo had been seated side to side during each meal while laughing and joking, when their mother was not watching their naughty childish behavior.
Now, Breck is relieved that both Cinco and Flamingo are not seated near him. He continues to stare and softly sneers at Cinco for messing with his healthy body during the staircase dance.
Flamingo reaches down and grabs the back rest, twisting the chair backwards for the future placement of his ass during the evening meal. He straddles the chair and smiles at Breck. “Did you survive that vicious tumble down the stairs, Breck? I don’t see any ugly red cuts or blue bruises on his upright and healthy body, Cinco. You did a piss-poor job, man!”
Cinco winks with a smile at Breck. “Well, I banged him up the ‘bestest’ I could in front of tender eyeballs in the eyewitnesses,” he and Flamingo laugh.
Breck continues to sneer at his two brothers.
On the rear wall, on top of the long dark wooden buffet table, vertical lines of white tinted steams rise from each heated food trays.
Arie stands behind her assigned dining room chair, bowing a chin with a stern face, closing her eyelashes with a soft tone. “Cinco, could you please say grace for our nice hot dinner meal tonight?”
Breck stares down at the nice placement setting and an empty plate with an empty stomach and a worried brow, rushing the vocal prayer for Cinco. “God is good. God is great. God loves all us and this hot meal. Amen!” He grabs the empty plate and looks up with a silly grin, back stepping from his chair, swinging around to face the buffet table. He swiftly moves ahead as the first person in the food line, quickly moving down, gathering each food item on an empty plate. He stuffs a dinner roll between his lips, swinging around to face the table, dashing back to his assigned dining room chair at the table and not like a proper southern gentleman as he had been taught by his mother. He slides down into the chair, folding the meat, stuffing multiply food items down a hungry throat while adding two spoons of sweet potatoes without butter and gobbles down the lump of food without chewing.
The two other brothers and Arie stand in line, slowly filling an empty plate with food, returning back to their assigned seat.
Flamingo places his full place on top of the table, reaching down, pulling out the chair for Arie like a southern gentleman. She scoots into the table, placing the napkin inside her lap, lifting up the empty fork from the table while staring with a puzzled frown at her first born child. “Breck, I wanna thank you for the evening prayer. It was very quick and very original,” she looks down and elegantly consumes the delicious meal with both grace and elegance like a southern belle.
Flamingo reaches out and grabs his plate of food, back stepping from Arie, slowly strolling around the end of the table while observing his older brother.
In the chair, Breck continues to stuff mouthfuls of forced food between his parted lips, without chewing and then swallows a lump of cooked meat down his esophagus.
Flamingo slides down the backward seat and then imitates the same hand moves with each food item, because whatever Breck is planning to do illegal, then Flamingo will be joining him, even if it is to get Breck out of trouble with their precious mama.
Cinco places both elbows on top of the white fancy tablecloth without his fingers touching the oversized plate of food while disgustingly watching his older brother in both shock and pity. Breck is imitating one of his granddaddy’s farm pigs in both manners and messiness.
At the head of the table, inside her chair, Arie looks up with a frown to see her baby triplet. “No elbows are allowed on the table edge, please, Cinco.”
“Yes ma’am.” Cinco removes the elbows and then looks down at the plate of food, starting to shovel a group of mixed food items into an open mouth also. He plans to accompany Breck on that secret deceptive mission while trying to cover up the naughty incident without his smother Arie finding out. He swallows a large piece of meat and then violently coughs, covering his mouth with the napkin during the choking spasm.
Breck viciously gags from a mouthful of green beans that has been covered in a stream of heavy black pepper, covering the parted lips with the napkin also.
At the head of the table, Arie looks up with a worried brow, staring at Breck and then Cinco. “Cinco, Breck, are my babies catching a bad head cold?”
Flamingo swallows the lump of food and sneers at Breck. “Naw, Mama. Your two baby piglets are ill-mannered little runts that need to chew, preferable three times, the single or multiple solid food items, before swallowing their delicious dinner meal.” He views Cinco. “Ain’t that right, Cinco?”
“Yeah,” Cinco whispers and then tries to clear his throat from the lumps of un-chewed meat, coughing and then gagging out loud into the cloth napkin.
Breck clears the black pepper from his tongue, wiping his wet mouth onto his naked arm, turning with a smile to see. “Mama, supper’s great, as usual. I need to leave tonight. I need to leave the cow ranch and go to the store. I need…uh…highlighters,” he looks down at the plate, shoveling more food into an open mouth while finishing his meal like always without a suspicion thought from his mother.
Flamingo chews and then smiles with meat particles between the front molars at Breck. “What color highlighters do you need, Brick Brain? Highlighters come in different assorted kiddie colors, such like, yellow, orange, green, blue...”
“Hmm!” Arie turns with a smile to see Flamingo.
Flamingo flings the dinner napkin on top of the dining room table, dropping the fork down on top of the food, sliding off the seat and spins around while chewing the rest of the food. He exits the dining room, disappearing into the hallway.
She turns and smiles at Breck. “You need a package of colored highlights. I think we might have a couple of highlights in one of these arrays of pretty kiddie colors inside the third drawer, on the left hand side of the office desk, inside the library. I can look after supper, darling. What’s the highlighter for, Breck?”
Breck stops chewing and looks up with a puzzled brow to see Arie, talking with a full mouth. “What is the highlighter for, Mama?”
Cinco chops his food with a fork and a knife like a southern gentleman with a laugh. “The highlighter is for his VIP test, which Breck might just fail, receiving the letter of F for the first time in his life, which will break our mama’s heart. Ain’t that right, Brick Brain?” He chews the green beans with an open mouth, growling at Breck.
Flamingo returns back into the dining room and then stops, standing beside Breck, holding a set of highlighters in the colors yellow, orange, green, and blue near a smile. “I found them!” He reaches down and then sprinkles each object on top of Breck’s naked arm with a smirk.
Breck gasps in alarm and then drops the fork and the dinner roll down in the food plate, quickly fumbling at each rolling highlighter. He catches all of them, before each one falls down on the wooden floor, sitting each one on the opposite side of his body while examining each neon color.
Flamingo spins around with a laugh and returns back to his food plate and assigned seat, sliding back down into the backward seat and reaches out, lifting up the dinner roll near a smile. He watches Breck squirm. “Mama is right, as always. They were located inside the desk, on the left side of the third nested drawer, inside the library. There you go, asshole!” He chews and chuckles with Cinco.
Arie turns and frowns at her middle child. “Flamingo, your gentlemen manners are required at the dining room table during the suppertime meal, please.”
“There you go, hot shot. Now, you got a package of colorful highlighters for your VIP test tomorrow that you will be passing tonight.” Flamingo chews the food with satisfaction, because Breck doesn’t need to leave the cow ranch and meet that bitch for a secret rendezvous while breaking any important rule within the Balegreen household.
Breck looks up with a smirk to see Flamingo. “Pink.”
“Piss.” Cinco blows both his food and his mouth wind while giggling at the remnants of flying food chunks, going over his plate and into the middle of the tablecloth.
Arie drops her fork and her lips with a gasp. “Cinco, your set of gentlemen manners are also required at the dining room table during the suppertime meal, please.”
Flamingo stops eating and stares with a puzzled brow at Breck, “Pink piss! What’s that, a new kind of fitness drink, man?”
Arie jabs a finger with a sour frown at her middle child, “Flamingo!”
Breck ignores Flamingo and then turns to smile at Arie. “I require a pink highlighter for my VIP test, Mama. These markers, that Flamingo has so graciously supplied, will not be acceptable. Since, I do not see the pretty hue of pink. Therefore, I will need to purchase one at the local department store tonight with your gracious permission, of course, for me to leave the cow ranch, right now.”
Flamingo frowns with frustration at Breck, “Pink piss! Is that the color you need in a damn highlighter? Well, you’ll have to order it from the internet, man. Mama can order it for you using the fastest pony express service available like a jet fighter plane delivery to our front door. But, you won’t get it until tomorrow afternoon, even if you pay the fourteen dollars and seventy-nine cents price tag for a stupid piss pink highlighter. So, you don’t need to leave the cow ranch or visit the local department store, tonight, man.”
Arie exhales with frustration at her middle child. “Flamingo, what has gotten into your mouth? Or do you require a butt slapping to control your bad manners tonight? I am still your mama.”
Cinco reaches over and then tenderly places his hand on top of her collar bone, leaning into her smooth cheekbone with a smile. “Please, forgive Flamingo, Mama. He has three VIP tests, that’s he studying for and worrying about. So, cut him so slack, just for tonight, Mama,” he lightly pecks her smooth cheekbone, pulling back with a grin like a good-goody son.
Arie exhales with annoyance at Flamingo. “I accept Cinco’s explanation, since all of you seem to be tense and uptight about your school work tonight. I’m very proud of ya’ll for studying so hard to graduate from high school. I remembered very well when I was studying for my college examination being both nervous and excited, too. I will forgive my boys, only tonight. I do not want you repeating this nasty behavior tomorrow evening during our civilized suppertime ritual. Does everyone understand me?” She looks down with a stern face and then stirs her food.
Breck wipes both his mouth and fingers clean from the supper crumbs and then coughs, clearing his throat of descending food particles. He stands upright from the chair and then dashes ahead, leaning down, pecking a light kiss on her cheekbone, pulling with a smile. “Thanks, Mama! I’ll be right back in a jiggle without that piggy,” chuckling.
Flamingo swiftly slides off the seat and wipes a dirty mouth onto his shirt, jogging toward Arie on the other side of the table. He stops and stands, leaning down, lightly kissing her smooth cheekbone, pulling back with smile. “I’ll be the backup for bringing Breck back home here without that piggy thing too. I promise,” chuckling.
Breck stands in place and drops open the mouth with a sneer at Flamingo. “What did you say, Flamingo?”
Cinco slowly flings his chair away from the table, finishing his supper in record time while burping out loud in a pattern of deep baritone music tone with an upset stomach from eating too fast. He slowly stands upright from the chair and then swiftly scoots sideways, gently colliding into the side of Flamingo with a loud burp, clearing his throat. Flamingo slides sideways with a smile. Cinco leans down and lightly pecks a kiss on the smooth cheekbone on Aria, pulling back with a goofy grin, standing upright and stares at Breck. Flamingo chuckles out loud with a nod. Cinco smiles with a nod. “Me, three! It’s part of the triplet thing, ya see.”
Arie exhales with puzzlement. “All right, boys! Enjoy your time at the store! But hurry back home, this is a school night and it will be near time to finish your homework assignment and then bath and turn into bed.”
Breck exhales with annoyance at his two brothers, spinning around with a sneer, exiting out the dining room. 
“Yes ma’am,” both of his brothers say in union out loud and then chase after the back spine on Breck while bumping into each other with a set of giggles and smiles.


House vehicle garage location
Pickup truck setting with Breck and his brothers
Dull sunlight with hot temperatures and prated clouds
06:08 pm


Breck leads from the dining room with a sneer and then turns, moving down the narrow semi-dark hallway, moving through the kitchen and opens the garage door. He leaves the door open and then strolls ahead and stops, standing at the door of his pickup truck which is not locked.
Flamingo follows behind first and then stops, opening the passenger door, sliding over the smooth leather bench sitting nicely between Breck and Cinco like their proper birth order.
Cinco does not bother to close the garage door inside the kitchen either like a typical teenager.
Inside the cab, Breck presses the button for the garage door and also slams the driver’s door shut, viewing Flamingo’s nose profile with a sneer. “Why don’t you, two corndogs hang here in the six-car garage like a pair of ghostly wraiths, until I return from the store? Since, ya’ll enjoy way too much snooping around my fucking private life?”
Cinco closes the passenger door shut and then wiggles side to side near the door, reaching out with a laugh, punching one at a time each pretty button on the cab console with a grin.
Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap with a grin, “Naw!” They both secure a safety belt over a sitting body, in case, first born triplet Breck drives really fast while trying to kill his kin, making all of them permanent angels in heaven.
Cinco chuckles. “We like to fuck around with your sex life, Brick Brain.”
Breck belts into the seat and then reaches over, slapping down Cinco’s wondering hand over the console while missing. “Don’t fuck with the radio, Cinco!”
Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap, looking down with a smile, checking his mobile telephone for a set of new texts. “I don’t wanna fuck with any part of your sex parts, man,” he chuckles with Cinco.
Breck slams both hands on the steering wheel, studying Flamingo’s nose profile. “Why are ya’ll coming with me? I know where the store’s located within the city limits of small town Lacy Spring. Its three miles up the road and then turn to the right.”
Flamingo smiles down at the new test message. “We’re protecting our shared interest in Mama’s first born jackass, Brick Brain,” he chuckles with Cinco.
Breck snarls. “Is that a bodily threat, Flamingo?”
Cinco taps on the console, staring at the garage side door. “Get going, Breck! Before Mama decides that she needs her own set of pink piss highlighters and wants to tag along for the joy ride.”
Breck returns back to see the open garage door with a nod, staring the ignition switch. “Very good point, Cinco!” He cranks the cold engine warm for 2.5 seconds and then slams the gear into reverse, backing out form the garage, turning to face the roadway and drives toward the store.


Lo-Mart Department Store location
Dull sunlight with hot temperatures
06:13 pm


The trip lasts five minutes inside the quiet truck cab.
Driver Breck pulls into the parking lot of the Low-Mart Superstore, slowing the speed and then stops the truck inside the letter F parking lot, which is the farthest vehicle spot from the main entrance doors of the store.
“Shit, Breck! Place us closer!” Flamingo turns and studies the faraway walking distance between the entrance door on the store and the parking spot with the truck.
Breck opens the driver’s door and then slides out, standing on top of the heated pavement while yelling back inside the truck cab at his two brothers. “This is my tick-tock clock here. So, hike it to there, yahoos. Get out!” He thumbs back over his collar bone at the entrance door on the store while seeing Lacey. She guides her personal black tinted pickup truck slowly around the parking lot while searching for the Breck’s truck.
Breck continues to stand in front of the open door and then empties out each pocket from his blue jeans, withdrawing out his wallet and his mobile telephone. He removes his wrist watch and his cowboy hat also along with a pack of peppermint gum. He lays out each item on top of the leather seat, chewing on the fresh gum.
Lacey parks six car rows away from Breck, because she has spotted his two annoying brothers Flamingo and Cinco with her man.
On the passenger side, Cinco opens the door and slides out, moving away from the doorway, scanning semi-empty parking lot with a smile.
Flamingo slides out the same door frame and stands on top of the pavement, slowly moving ahead, strolling behind the rear bumper on the truck, scanning the scenery with a smile.
Cinco strolls around the front bumper on the truck with a grin and then stops. He stands beside Breck, who continues to hold open the driver’s door with one hand. Cinco reaches out and then pops his middle knuckle at Breck’s forehead with a smile, slowly squatting down and moves the same knuckle over each body part on Breck with a laugh. “Make this fast, Brick Brain! I’d suggest kissing her forehead first and then work your way down fast like the outer space shuttle toward the finish line,” he slaps Breck’s penis inside the blue jeans with a chuckle and then stands upright from the squat, tossing both arms into the air with a cheer. “Yeehaw!”
Flamingo glides ahead and then stops beside the driver’s door that blocks the upright body on Breck while laughing at silly Cinco. He leans down and places a flip flop on top of the kick lift, reaching down and fiddles with his toes with a grin.
Holding the door with one hand, upright Breck reaches out and then violently shoves Cinco away from his face with a loud snarl. “Get away from me and my dick!” Both Flamingo and Cinco laugh. Breck bangs on the open driver’s door, wanting to lock it shut while staring at Lacey’s pickup truck in the close distance. She has parked her vehicle six rows away from Breck and then emerges from the driver’s door, scanning the parking lot for Breck. Breck sneers in her direction while talking to his brother. “Move it, Flamingo!”
Flamingo places the other foot on top the kick lift on the truck, hiding behind the driver’s door, leaning his face over the bench seat with a smirk. “I’m tying my shoe.”
Cinco stands beside Breck and then laughs out loud. Flamingo only wears a pair of worn and stinky brown-spotted dirty flip flops, since the tenth grade, when his feet stopped growing that exposes all his naked toe bones, without any type of shoe laces.
Behind the open driver’s seat, hiding the body of Breck, Flamingo slides his foot down onto the smooth gray tinted pavement, parking both hands inside his pockets with a grin in silence.
Breck slams the driver’s door shut and then touches the key chain as it beeps locking and securing the truck from all thieves and his two brothers. He spins around with a sour frown and swiftly dashes ahead toward Lacey for their love connection, this evening. He yells out loud with a sneer. “And don’t forget the pink highlighter either!”
Flamingo stands in place with a nod and a smile, staring at the back spine on Breck beside the locked truck. Then he spins around with a grin and swiftly moves ahead toward the entrance of the store in silence.
Cinco spins around with a sour frown and watches the back spine on Breck in silence.
Breck stops and stands upright, leaning down, hugging and then slobbers his lips over the face of Lacey in public view.
In front of Breck locked pickup truck, Cinco spins around with a sour frown and swiftly jogs behind Flamingo, who moves in a steady pace toward the entrance door on the Lo-Mart Department store. He catches up with Flamingo, saying with a sour frown. “When did we become his pair of work slaves, Flamingo? Are we going to really buy a pink highlighter here at the Low-Mart store?”
Flamingo continues to strut through the empty parking lot with a low grunt and a smile. “Yes sir!” He chuckles. “We are going to buy a shitload of pink highlighters and other useless office supplies using this here card,” he raises a bright green colored plastic bank card near his cheekbone.
Cinco turns and studies the tiny card, halting with a puzzled brow, pointing at the card. “Wait a minute! That…that’s not your bank card. Whose bank card is that, Flamingo? Did you steal Mama’s credit card from her wallet? She’s going to tan your hide, boy. Did you steal my bank card?” He whips out his wallet from a back pocket, checking the contents, seeing his green tinted bank card and then replaces his wallet for safety back into the back pocket. He races ahead with a puzzled brow and pulls up beside Flamingo.
Flamingo continues to move ahead toward the entrance door with a smile, holding the bank card near his cheekbone, saying to his brother. “No asshole! I wanna breathe tomorrow.” Cinco reaches over and tries to steal the card. Flamingo tucks it into his chest for protection, shoving Cinco away from the card and his body with a laugh.
Cinco rolls with the shove and scoots sideways, moving beside Flamingo with a worried brow. “That ain’t your bank card, Flamingo.”
Flamingo continues to stare at the entrance doors of the store with a smile, “Right-o buddy! It’s Brick Brain’s. So I stole it from the unguarded driver’s seat,” chuckling.
Cinco continues to move with Flamingo and then exhales with worry. “I know that’s not yours. Your bank card is pink colored with an array of white flowers,” chuckling. “That’s a wise move getting a girly card that no other guy would ever steal.”
Flamingo smiles. “I am smart.”
Cinco shakes his blonde curls with a chuckle. “You’re a smart ass, Flamingo.”
Flamingo places the bank card back into the pocket of his cargo pants with a nod. “I’m smarter than your ass. You got that part right, buddy. And since, I got the card. Let the both of us go and blow Breck’s bank card limit. Then, he’ll have to pay Mama back for overdrawing on his bank account along with the additional monetary high bank fees of a terrible financial penalty,” he chuckles with Cinco.
Cinco reaches out and then slaps Flamingo’s chest. “Gawd! I love you, man. That’s shitting brilliant. That should teach Breck a lesson about faking out our mama. I don’t like him fibbing to her, just to be with that selfish pretty bitch.”
They move through the open archway together.


Low-Mart Department store location
Aisle setting
06:25 pm


Flamingo stops and stands in front of the line of stored shopping karts, reaching out, grabbing one and then back steps from the line with a smile. He swings the buggy around and then slowly moves down the first aisle with a laugh. “Join my darker evil side, Lukie boy,” chuckling. “Well, let’s start at the school supply aisle and work our way around the entire store,” he leads and then turns the buggy down the new aisle, slowly strolling by a wall of notebook paper, colored plastic mathematical rules, assorted ink pens and then stops the buggy at the wall with a set of colored markers.
Cinco stops behind the back spine on Flamingo with a smile, reaching out for the first wrapped packet that holds a set of five highlighters in an array of pink, purple, yellow, orange, and green colors. He lifts it off the rack and holds in both hands, looking up, staring down at the opposite side of the corridor with a puzzled brow, “Where next, dude?”
Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap, removing both hands from the handle of the shopping kart, leaning over and then picks off the wall every package that possesses a pink highlight and then dumps all the objects down into the interior buggy with an evil laugh and a loud swishing sound.
Cinco looks around for the loud noise seeing all the packages from the office supply wall inside the interior of the buggy, saying with a smile “Yeah, we take all of them. That’s a great idea, Flamingo!” He nods with a laugh, pitching the single packet down into the buggy also.
Flamingo stands in place and scans the batch of packages. “Brick Brain will never need to buy a pink highlighter for the rest of his remaining days as a dull life force on planet Earth. The package reads two dollars and forty-nine cents. There are ten packages. That’s a little less than twenty-five dollars. We got more shopping to do, man” he slaps both hands over the handle with a smile and then slowly pushes the buggy down the same aisle, reaching the end, turning down a new aisle, scanning each wall.
Cinco slowly follows behind the back spine on Flamingo, whipping out his mobile telephone, texting a message on the tiny screen with a smile to his girl Babbie, who studies at her home.
Both of the store walls contain house goods, consisting of rows of small kitchen appliances and different sizes of bed linens and pillows.
Flamingo halts the buggy and then points at the wall to a package of blue colored fitted bed sheets. “Do you want some new dark blue bed sheets, Cinco?”
“Naw.” Cinco stops beside the nose profile on Flamingo and continues to text and read the new messages on his mobile telephone to Babbie.
Flamingo moves ahead and pushes the buddy down the same aisle, sweeping a face side to side for any additional purchases, pointing at the item. “Do you wanna buy a new soft pillow, Cinco?”
“Naw.” Cinco moves beside Flamingo while reading a text message from Babbie, chuckling at her sweet reply.
Flamingo slowly moves ahead but watches Cinco thumb-type to Babbie. “You’re not a big help, Cinco.”
Cinco grins down at the last text from Babbie.
They slowly stroll down the same aisle similar to a pair of two grandmas on a Sunday afternoon, after church service.
Cinco continues to stroll with Flamingo and reads the tiny screen on his mobile telephone with each new text from his girl Babbie with a smile. “Just pick something, Flamingo, anything.”
Flamingo slowly moves down the same aisle with a smile. “What’s Babbie favorite color?”
Cinco moves with Flamingo and then texts the question, waiting for the response. “Purple.”
Flamingo slowly moves ahead with a nod, turning to scan the wall for that color. “That’s a good start. Let’s get three pillows. One is purple satin and the other is covered in a set of pretty purple bows, and the third has an edge of purple dangling fringe,” he stops and then reaches over with a smile, grabbing each item, adding the numbers inside his head. He tosses each item down on top of the scattered packages of colored highlights with a nod. “That’s fifteen dollars apiece. We’ll up to the seventy dollar and we still have lots more shopping to do,” he snorts out loud and pushes the buggy out that corridor, turning down a new aisle passing new walls. Each wall holds stacks of new magazines, decorative greeting cards, and rows of food snack. “Do you wanna a snack?”
“Naw,” Cinco moves with Flamingo and continues to read each new text from Babbie.
Flamingo reaches the end of the hallway and then turns into a specialty aisle for all types of girly stuff, seeing lots of purple, pink, and mint green items. He selects what he likes, since Cinco only is interested in tagging along and texting Babbie. Flamingo stops and then reaches onto the shelving, picking up a tiny purple colored lamp, wiggling the base as the shiny clear crystals dance like a pair of naked girls. He giggles at the girly item and then gently places it down into the buggy, cushioning the lamp between two soft pillows inside the baby seat.
Flamingo looks up and then scans the wall, seeing a pretty glittery purple and white picture frame that looks very nice for a teenager girl. He grabs it checking the price then adds the single item inside his mental math calculator which makes a total of 155 dollars with more shopping.
Cinco stands beside the nose profile on Flamingo with a smile and texts back on the keyboard of his mobile telephone to Babbie.
Flamingo slowly moves ahead down the same aisle. The merchandise items are bigger and more expensive. He stops and then selects a queen-sized thick satiny purple bed cover for 150 dollars and two sets of matching shams for a set of twin pillows at 30 dollars apiece. He gently loads them down into the interior of the shopping kart between the other merchandise, mentally adding up all the math number that totals 365 dollars, so far.
He reaches over and lifts up a feathered ink pen set into his smile touching the softness of the feather, admiring the dead bird that has sacrificed its asshole for a good cause which has been dyed in a lavender shade, which is close enough to purple. He exhales with frustration. “I didn’t know a girl needed so much crap. I’m glad that I’m a boy,” He reaches down and then arranges the feather on top of the pillow without getting the pretty purple tinted feature smashed. He looks up with a smile see the same wall.
He slowly moves further away from the buggy scanning for more purple color and then stops, reaching over, grabbing the purple painted earring stand and a purple fabric coated manicure set for a girl’s fingernails. He swiftly calculates 450 dollars in total merchandise purchases, so far.
 He slowly spins around with a smile and a whisper for his eardrums only, moving back to the buddy. “I’m almost there.” He stops and places each girly item down into the interior of the buggy with care and a smile, returning back to the handle. He slowly shoves the full buggy down the rest of the girly corridor, not seeing anything that fancies his butt-hole.
Cinco marches beside his brother and continues to text on his mobile telephone to his girlfriend.
Flamingo ponders how a teen is able to multi-type on the electronic devise without breaking a nose bride into the blind wall.
He and Cinco reaches the end of the corridor, turning into the main hallway, slowly strolling ahead and then passes three more aisles.
Cinco skids to a halt with a smile, turning into the new aisle, moving away from the Flamingo and the shopping kart.
Flamingo continues down the hallway and then turns into a new aisle of backpacks. The prices range from twenty to forty dollars. He needs one more item to meet the five-hundred-dollar limit.
Cinco dashes down a different aisle and then turns into the backpack aisle, sneaking up behind from the rear with a grin and then stops, shoving a six-inched purple furry stuffed animal monkey into Flamingo’s face, wiggling it side to side. “Cute, ain’t it? I’m getting it for Babbie, compliments of Breck’s bank account,” he whips the toy away from Flamingo’s nostrils, cuddling it into his chest, gently patting its tiny head like a real animal.
Flamingo turns with a laugh and scans the tall display of backpacks for a purple one. “Breck wants to buy Babbie a Bigfoot monkey. Go and find one of them, Cinco!” He reaches out for a purple and white backpack that a first grader would carry on their second day of school with a chuckle, placing inside the buddy with a chuckle.
Cinco continues to stand behind Flamingo and pats the toy monkey. “Naw, I’m not greedy, only a redneck,” he moves ahead and then stops, examining the interior of the full buggy. “Are we done here?”
Flamingo slaps both hands with a nod onto the handle bar, slowly shuffling the shopping cart back toward the cash register at the entrance in the store. “We are done doing the damage to Breck and Breck’s bank account,” he chuckles with his revenge.
Cinco moves beside Flamingo with a worried brow and continues to pat the soft furry skull on the stuffed monkey. “Do you believe our mama will be mad at Breck, at us? Breck, he’s going to tattle-tail on us. Okay, he’s going to tell on you for stealing his green tinted bank card. And where are we going to hide all the purple tinted physical evidence?”
Flamingo continues to steer the buggy with a sneer. “You do the tattle tailing, Cinco. Breck only beats the shit out of you when he is slightly provoked for a good reason,” he pushes the buggy between the two lines that contains stacks of open boxes with merchandise, turning to the side, moving ahead toward the cash register and an empty check-out counter. He turns and sneers at Cinco’s nose profile. “And I ain’t scare of big bro with or without his damn green tinted bank card. This is a valuable life lesson that Breck will never ever forget. Mama, she’ll be cool as usual. She loves her three redneck babies,” he chuckles with Cinco.
They stop beside the cash register and then quickly unload all the purple merchandise on top of the empty check-out counter.
The clerk reaches out and then slowly scans each item as the computer inside the cash register sounds with a soft musical ding. She places each bigger item to the side and then preciously wraps each delicate fragile item in thick rows of white tissue paper while listening to Cinco and Flamingo.
Flamingo stands in front of the cashier and reaches down, pulling out the green tinted bank card out from his pocket, holding the card in the air near his smile.
Cinco reaches out and places the toy monkey on top of the purple bed cover for scanning with a stern face. “How much is the credit limit on the bank card?”
Flamingo watches the clerk and each item, “The credit limit on the bank card is five hundred dollars.”
Cinco frowns at each pretty purple item and then looks up to see the nose profile on Flamingo. “Do you possess a total of five-hundred-dollars in items? Hey! Do we each have a five-hundred-dollar limit on the bank card?”
Flamingo watches the clerk and each item. The clerk slowly bags each purchased item with a stern face. Flamingo nods. “After the sales tax is added, it’ll be over five hundred dollars,” he views Cinco. “And, yes, we do. Don’t you use your personal bank card, Cinco?”
Cinco nods with a grin. “I use for gas only. So, you might have messed up, Flamingo. The card won’t work on transactions for the over the money limit.” Flamingo slides Breck’s bank card into the slot, testing Cinco’s working theory, watching the colored prompts. Cinco smiles, “You should make it a credit purchase…”
“Naw. Then I gotta sign the electronic receipt on the box. Then I don’t wanna show…”
The clerk stops the scan looking up to see Flamingo.
Flamingo looks up with a smile to see the clerk.
Cinco parts his lips at the clerk. Flamingo leans down and presses the debit key, signaling for the clerk to continue her job. Cinco turns and frowns at the nose profile on his brother. “We’re triplets. Ain’t our signatures the same, like our faces and our bodies?”
Flamingo watches the payment box. “Not necessarily, Cinco! Our finger prints and our personalities are different along with our eating habits and…”
“…our mating rituals,” Cinco nods with a grin.
Flamingo chuckles at Cinco’s second astute observation.
Cinco asks. “How did you know the secret pin? It’s not...”
The clerk halts her scanning and then looks up with a gasp, staring at Cinco. He smiles and then points down at the purple item. “Could I please place the toy monkey in a separate shopping bag?” The clerk shoves the monkey down into a small white plastic bag with the Lo-Mart logo and then hands it to Cinco with a sour frown. He nods and smiles at the ugly store clerk.
Flamingo chuckles while waiting for the cashier to finish her job. “Our birth day is the secret pin number.”
Cinco turns and frowns at the nose profile of Flamingo. “Breck was born a different day, Flamingo.”
Flamingo turns and leans against the store counter, smiling at Cinco. “I know that different day. The question, do you know that different day, Cinco?”
“Yeah,” Cinco turns and views the rows of candies.
Flamingo nods with a chuckle at his nose profile on Cinco. “Now, you know Breck’s secret pin number,” and he announces to the nosy clerk too. Flamingo spins around with a smile and scoots toward the end of the counter, leaning down, gathering each bagged item. He gently places the bag down inside the empty buggy.
Cinco looks down at the counter, then moves ahead, and stops beside Flamingo. He leans over and gathers some of the bagged items also, placing down into the buddy too. “What are we going to do with all this crap, Flamingo? Where are we going to hide it from Breck?”
Flamingo continues to move more bags down into the buggy. “We give all the new purple colored merchandise to our mama.”
Cinco shakes his curls. “Naw, the purple items are too teeny-bopper.”
“Then we give all the new purple colored merchandise to Babbie.”
“Naw, she got her own stuff.”
Flamingo smiles, “Then, we give all the new purple colored merchandise to the church.”
Cinco nods. “Yeah, that works fine.”
“Excellent! That’ll help with Breck’s defense as well,” Flamingo chuckles with Cinco.
The clerk finishes bagging the last item. Cinco grabs the last of the bag from the counter, filling the shopping buggy to the top railing.
Flamingo scoots around Cinco and then stops, staring down at the electronic box with a puzzled brow. “It wants to know, if I want cash back from the register?”
Cinco looks up with a smile and then studies the electronic box, “Shore.”
Flamingo grins down at the electronic box. “How much cash shall we take from the bank?”
Cinco places the last bag down inside the full buggy and then looks up to see the clerk, shrugging a shoulder. “What’s the cash limit?”
The clerk studies Cinco and then Flamingo, saying with a stern face. “Three hundred is the maximum amount at this cash register, using your bank card, sir.”
Flamingo looks up with a smile to see the clerk. “That’s peachy keen. I will take three hundred dollars using this here spiffy bank card. Thanks, kindly, miss!”
Cinco laughs out loud.
Flamingo presses the cash back key with a snigger and then types in the math number: 300.00.
The clerk reaches down and then types on the keyboard completing the customer’s transaction. The cash drawer smoothly pops open without an ID from Flamingo or a rejection notification of an over-the-limit notification on Breck’s green tinted bank card. She looks up with a smile to see Flamingo. “Do you want a set of twenty dollar bills? I do have a set of hundred dollar bills, sir.”
“Three hundred dollar bills will suite me just fine and dandy. Thanks for your thoughtfulness, ma’am!” Flamingo extends an empty palm with a chuckle. She slowly counts the cash into his cupped hand and then presents a long paper receipt from the Lo-Mart store.
Cinco shakes his blonde tinted curls with a grin in silence.
They both scoot away from the counter and then swing around to face the entrance wall slowly moving ahead toward the exit door.
Flamingo darts the buggy toward the food court with a smile. “Do you wanna an ice cream cone?”
“Yeah!” Cinco moves with Flamingo with a nod and a smile.
They stop with the full buggy at the side counter. Flamingo holds up two fingers with a smile. “I would like two vanilla double scoop regular cones, please.”
The casher spins around with a smile and then prepares two ice cream cones from the machine in silence.
Flamingo pulls out Breck’s green tinted bank card from his pocket for a second time.
Cinco turns and smiles at the nose profile on Flamingo. “How did you know that I like vanilla ice cream? And the bank card ain’t going to work for a second time.”
“We’re triplets. We do have some traits in common and vanilla ice cream is one of them. And you don’t know if you don’t try. And I wanna test my working theory here that Breck will be receiving a nasty phone call tomorrow morning.” Flamingo runs the bank card through the slot as it loudly beeps.
The cashier spins around and holds two ice cream cones, looking down with a worried brow at her beeping cash register and then Flamingo. “There is a problem, sir. Your bank card has been denied.”
“No prob! I got it.” Cinco pulls out his wallet with a smile and then presents a five-dollar bill in cash to the cashier. “My compliments for the monkey,” he laughs with Flamingo.
The clerk leans over, handing an ice cream cone to each teen. Each teen accepts the food. She snatches up the five dollars from the free hand on Cinco, ringing up the purchase transaction, providing back the correct coinage to Cinco.
Cinco licks on the melting ice cream cone and accepts the money with a nod in silence.
Both of them shuffles around and then stands in front of the handle bar, dropping down a free hand, gliding the shopping cart ahead and then spins around the buggy around, strolling ahead toward the entrance wall, licking on the melting ice cream cone.
They slowly move outdoors shuffling the full buggy toward a sitting metal bench, waiting on Breck and his new love.
They park the buggy and sit down on top of the metal bench. Flamingo sits and licks on the melting ice cream.
Cinco lounges beside Flamingo biting into the coldness and then recovers from his ice cream headache. “How are we going to explain all the bags from Breck’s snooping?”
Flamingo stares at the black tinted pickup truck, hiding the two love birds. “Our newly purchased bagged merchandise is a set of gifts for our mama.”
Cinco licks on the ice cream cone with a grin. “O! That’s a good explanation. I should remember that one. And take one of these pink highlighters out of the package and hand it to me. I’m going to shove it up Breck’s ass, after we’re away from Mama’s eyeballs,” he chuckles with his brother.
Flamingo stands upright from the metal bench and leans over, flipping through the stored items inside each bag with a free hand and then finds it. He tosses a single pink marker to Cinco.
Cinco catches the pink highlighter with one hand and then shoves the object down into his leather jacket, licking back on the ice cream cone, staring back at the pickup truck. “What in tarnation is taking him so long to fuck her ass inside that damn truck? Get this over with! This bench’s hard on my ass,” he adjusts his position on the bench.
Flamingo licks the cone with a grin. “Breck likes her.”
“Naw.”
Flamingo licks the cone with a nod. “Yeah, he likes her. He ain’t here for a causal fucking.”
“Yeah.”
Flamingo licks the cone with a smile. “Naw, Breck likes her and…”
“And what?”
“Lacey is a virgin.”
Cinco stops licking his cone and stares at the truck, where the two love birdies are making out with a snort, “A virgin! That bitch doesn’t act like no virgin that I’ve fucked.”
Flamingo turns and chuckles at the nose profile on Cinco. “What does a virgin act like, Cinco?”
Cinco scoots ahead and sit on the edge of the bench, holding up one finger. “First off, they’re shy because no guy has touched them. Second thing, they’re sweet, because no guy hasn’t tainted them. And, third off, they smell good like honeysuckles to suck on.”
Flamingo chuckles, “Suck on! Jeezus, I ain’t heard no thicker pile of stinky horseshit in my life.”
Cinco shakes his blonde tinted curls. “Look, Flamingo! I’m telling you straight up. That girl ain’t shy like Bambi or sweet like Mama’s tea and she smells like a farting fragrance of very expensive perfume.”
Flamingo frowns, “Perfume! How is it that you know the difference between cheap and expensive perfume?”
Cinco shakes his blonde tinted curls. “I don’t as a stud male that likes virgin perfume and Babbie’s vagina perfume,” he chuckles. “Anyways, Babbie mentioned it in passing yesterday. The name of that particular musk odor is one of these popular bottles which his advertised inside one of her fancy fashion magazines. The famous brand is purchased only in a fancy department store in a big metro city of Huntsville or Birmingham. Babbie told me that you can’t purchase it here in small town Lacy Spring.”
“You can purchase a perfume bottle on the internet shopping channel.”
Cinco shakes his curls. “Naw, it is too expensive to ship, when that small little bottle costs over four hundred dollars.”
“Four hundred dollars for an odor. Shit! Lacey can wipe both her naked wrists on my horsey cowboy boots for free.” Flamingo chuckles with Cinco.
They see a set of two upright bodies come out from Lacey’s truck. Then the two bodies quickly depart. Lacey re-enters and then slowly veers her pickup truck away from Breck, heading up the row toward the entrance of Lo-Mart store.
On the metal bench, in front of the store, Flamingo and Cinco watch and wait for Breck to crank his personal pickup truck.
Cinco frowns with worry. “He’ll come and get us, is that right, dude?”
Flamingo finishes the ice cream with a grin and then tosses the wad of wet paper into the trash can next to the side wall on the building, “Right-o, buddy! We possess the pink highlighter that big bro needs for his pretend academic test.”
Cinco smiles at the truck. “Good thing, we got a hostage. Or we will be walking back home,” he stands upright and then tosses the wad of rolled wet paper into the trashcan also, watching the roaming pickup truck.
“Lacey, she’ll take us home, since she is scooting in our direction inside her truck.” Flamingo smiles.
Lacey sees the two brothers of Breck through the windshield and then slows the speed, whipping her truck in a completed circle. She halts with the dropped window next to the curb and the row of metal benches, leaning out the open window winking at Flamingo.
Flamingo stands upright from the metal chair and moves ahead, stopping in front of the window with a smile. “Have you finished fucking our boy?”
Cinco strolls beside Flamingo.
Hanging outside the open window, Lacey wears a face of smeared orange lipstick, saying with a sour frown. “You’re the nasty one, Flamingo. You’re such an asshole. I’d never fuck you, sugar pie. Breck, he is the true gentleman of all ya’ll, because he’s sweet to me, being a virgin.”
“Not sweet tea,” Cinco elbows with a smirk to Flamingo.
Flamingo nods with a grin. “Well, you got me there, Lacey. Breck is the only true southern gentleman from the clan and our mama’s favorite little triplet. Why? Because in his sweet-ass nature, Breck has gotten you some cute gifts, standing right over here. Looky over there!” He swings around and moves ahead toward the buggy, reaching inside, lifting up a new purple and white backpack and winks at her. “This is just for his little pretty thing, which is you.”
Lacey gasps and then smiles with a nod. “Wow! Really! Breck seemed slightly miffed at me for interrupting his evening.”
Flamingo slides around the cart and then pushes the buggy closer to the truck bed, stopping in tire.
Cinco slides sideways and then assists Flamingo, lifting up each bagged item from the buggy and down into the truck bed, saying with a grin. “Breck, he’s nervous, nerves. Young bucks get nervous around you virgins. They do stupid things and say stupider things. So, just ignore that and kiss his face that helps with the nervousness. O! There’s some money for a new bottle of perfume, compliments of Breck, too. Give her the money, Flamingo!” He continues to lift each bagged item and then stores down in the trunk bed with a loud chuckle.
Flamingo back steps, swings around, moves toward Lacey handing the four bills that shows the denomination of one hundred dollars each with a smile in silence.
She reaches out with a gasp and then scratches up the money, counting with a nod. “O! This is so nice. Right! Just kiss his face. I can do that. Is that all my presents?”
Cinco stares at her blonde tinted hair roots, “Naw.”
She continues to count the money with a smile, “Awe! I’m so happy. I should run back and give Breck a…”
“No!” Cinco and Flamingo both shout at the same time with a stern face.
Flamingo exhales with worry. “Lacey, we all need to get back to the cow ranch, since our mom will be worried about us…”
“Yeah,” she recounts the money with a smile, “Breck mentioned that also and told me not to call him any more tonight, because of your mama. She rules ya’ll like she’s the Queen of England.”
Cinco sneers Lacey. “Our mama is a queen to us, since we are her three royal knights in an individual set of shiny armor. So don’t you go and be forgetting about that, Lacey!”
Lacey smiles down at the money in silence.
Flamingo reaches out and then slaps a hand on the window seal with a nod. “Scoot on along, Lacey! I’ll see you in the classroom tomorrow.”
Lacey slips back into the cab and then slides in front of the steering wheel, jerking the gear into drive, waving a hand, yelling out the window at Flamingo and Cinco. “Yeah, I will. Bye, ya’ll!” She slowly drives ahead toward the city street.
Cinco scoots around Flamingo and grabs the handle bar, returning the shopping cart back inside the store.
Flamingo continues to stand in place, watching Lacey and then turns to see Breck.
Breck parks his truck in the same spot beside the curb, staring ahead, leaping out from the driver’s seat, frowning at the bright red taillights on Lacey’s truck that turns and then drives onto the highway. “Is that Lacey’s pickup truck up there?”
Cinco jogs ahead and then stops, standing beside Flamingo with a smile, before Breck yells at him as the goody-goody triplet.
Flamingo turns and smiles at her truck. “Lacey was saying good night to us like a good little southern belle.”
Breck turns and faces both Flamingo and Cinco, extending both arms even with the concrete with a smile. “Where’s it?”
Flamingo looks down between Breck’s legs with a sour frown. “It, better be zipped up inside your jeans, Breck. Because you haven’t exposed yourself to us, since we were six years old inside the bathtub beheading the row of rubber duckies, after we shot them with a water pistol. Do you remember that hunting trip, Cinco?”
Cinco folds down at the fitted waist holding his stomach, quivering his lips in silence while laughing at Flamingo’s part joke and part historical fact.
Breck reaches over with a frown and then slaps the collar bone between the swollen head on Flamingo with a sneer, “Not that It, bro! The dang pink highlighter, that I call It.”
“O!” Flamingo grins.
Cinco stands upright while mouth spitting in the face of Breck holding up single pink highlighter near his grin.
Breck back steps from the flying mouth spit on Cinco and then reaches around, snatching up the highlighter with an ugly frown.



Wednesday August 27th


Hot temperatures with bright sunshine
Lacy Springs High School location
Student parking lot setting
07:35 am


The pickup truck stops inside the usual parking spot. Breck opens the door and slides out, standing beside the door, searching for Lacey.
Flamingo parks his sports car in the usual parking spot also, sliding out the door, closing up the car and then scoots around to the passenger side. He opens the door and then pulls out a black and a blue backpack from the seat, shouldering the items, slamming the door shut. He back steps and then scoots around, standing at the rear of the pickup truck, dropping down the tailgate. He slams both backpacks onto the metal bed with a set of loud thumps starting to perform the usual morning ritual of identifying all the misplaced homework assignments for Cinco on a new day of school.
Cinco parks his motorcycle between the vehicles of Flamingo and Breck, sliding off, ripping of the helmet and then moves ahead, stopping beside Breck’s truck. He opens the door, leaving his motorcycle helmet inside the seat in exchange for a small white plastic bag that is marked with a Lo-Mart logo. He back steps from the seat with a chuckle and slams the door, spinning around with a smile, racing ahead toward Babbie. He stops and stands in front of her, kissing her lips, pulling back with a smile. He presents the tiny furry stuff monkey in her face as she coos at the tiny gift. Cinco kisses the tiny lips of the monkey and plants the monkey’s lips upon Babbie as she giggles. Then, they suck on each other’s face.
In front of the tail gate on the truck, Flamingo turns with a smile and chuckles at the two love rats.
At the truck, Breck roams around toward the rear bumper and then stops, standing guard at his truck, searching for Lacey. The mobile telephone rings with a popular country song. He whips out his mobile telephone noting an unfamiliar telephone number.
The mobile telephone continues to ring with a popular country song.
He answers the phone with a stern face. “Hello.”
He pauses and then listens to the female voice on the other end.
He nods. “Yes, this is Breck Freehurst Balegreen, the third.” Breck pushes back his cowboy hat from a confused brow.
Pause.
He gasps. “What? I’m overdrawn by 352.37 dollars in my bank account,” he reaches up and then pulls off, slapping the hat down onto the lowered tailgate.
Flamingo looks down with a grin and continues to sort out Cinco’s homework while listening to the one-sided conversation from Breck.
Breck continued to lean on the tailgate with his palm, supporting his weight, expressing shock and pity.
Pause.
He frowns. “The money was paid by my bank card. Was it stolen? Wait a minute! Let me check my wallet.” Breck stands upright from the tail gate and then reaches around, gently placing the mobile telephone on top of the metal tail gate, pulling out his wallet and thumbs to his green tinted bank card. He jerks the card from the wallet and holds it two inches from his eyeballs, reading his Christian name and then flips it over, inspecting the signature line. It is written not with his name but for the data thieves, it read on the rear: please ask for ID.
Breck reaches down and picks up the mobile telephone, staring at his green tinted bank card. “No ma’am! I don’t think my bank card was stolen. I’m holding it in my right hand.”
Pause.
He frowns. “I cannot verify any purchases, since I didn’t purchase anything on my card.”
Pause.
He exhales. “The last time, I used it. I don’t remember, ma’am. Can you tell me some of the recent purchases, ma’am? Is the computer able to do that?”
Pause.
“What?” He drops open his mouth and then swings around to see the two love birds, studying a white plastic bag in Cinco’s hand. Cinco shakes a new stuffed toy purple monkey into Babbie’s face with a smile and then removes it, kissing the fuzzy lips on the monkey, jerking the toy from his mouth. He leans over to Babbie.
She kisses the monkey and then pulls back, leaning over kissing Cinco, pulling back.
Then they both smile and laugh with amusement.
On the mobile telephone, Breck grunts at the two love birds, saying into the speaker with the bank representative. “Could you please repeat that, ma’am?” 
A pair of two small and soft hands reaches out and then attacks each back pocket on Breck.
He swings around to see Lacey with a gasp. Lacey back steps with a smile and swings a new purple and white checkered backpack off her shoulder. Breck gasps in shock and then turns, studying the purple monkey in the hands of Cinco again.
Cinco back steps from Babbie and then spins around with a smile to see Breck, who is staring at the purple toy monkey. Cinco waves the monkey in the air jumping up and down on his biker boots on top of the hard pavement like a real monkey and then scratches his skull with a free hand also like a real monkey. He hollers out loud a set of incoherent rebel words.
Flamingo looks up and laughs at Cinco’s monkey performance.
On the phone, Breck continues to listen to the bank representative on the speaker that lies inside his eardrum, repeating the information. “A very large purchase of numerous items had been made at the local Lo-Mart Store on Airport Road which is off of Highway 28, at 6:48 pm, last night. Yes, ma’am, I do know the location of that particular retail department store, ma’am.”
The school bell rings with a loud ding.
The first school bell rings alerting all of the wandering high schoolers to attend their homeroom class. Or each high schooler will be marked as a tardy with a visit to Principal Marshall’s office for a quick repercussion.
Lacey leans over and then performs Breck a quick hug, releasing his fitted waistline, spinning around to face the school, racing toward the entrance door for her classroom.
On the phone, Breck continues to listen to the bank representative on the speaker that resides on the side of his face, gasping in alarm. “You have contacted my mom. Yes, ma’am, I understand. I’ll see you and bank manager, in a bit. Thanks ma’am!” Breck drops his hand with the phone and then leans over the tailgate, supporting his slumped tallness with his other hand. He exhales with worry and then jerks upright from the sound, seeing Flamingo.
Flamingo stands upright at the tailgate with a loud sneer, shouldering his ratty black colored backpack. Cinco’s ratty blue colored backpack rests on top of the tailgate. He smiles allowing a long Lo-Mart paper receipt to elegantly flow vertically down from his hand with a loud laugh.
Breck blinks a couple of time and then focuses his eyeballs on the paper receipt, gasping and then snorting with angry at Flamingo.
Cinco appears and then reaches around, popping the toy purple monkey into Breck’s angry face, shoving the furry lips into Breck’s open mouth. Cinco imitates in his mother’s soprano timbre. “Now, you, two little boys fight away from the dangerous trucks,” he alters his timber into a deadly baritone, mouth spitting into the cheekbone on Break. “Take your fist fight out into the cow pasture. So, every kid in the school can see the flying blood proteins,” laughing
Breck charges ahead with a growl at Flamingo. Flamingo stands in place with a laugh at the funny comments from Cinco. Cinco shuffles around and then blocks Breck using both his body and his biceps.
Breck bad breathes in Cinco’s face, wrapping both his arms around Cinco’s back spine for the first bout of bodily harm, mouth spitting into Cinco’s face. “Damn! I’ll going to kill both of ya’ll. You stole my bank card. I’m overdrawn on my bank account. And Mama’s coming to get me and I take me to the bank. The bank thinks…”
The car horn loudly toots and echoes throughout the air waves as each pair of eyeballs turns to the noise.
On top of the pavement, in a silver tinted pickup truck, Arie drives through the school parking lot, after tooting the horn for attention. She slows and the halts the truck beside her three sons, who are not in the classroom and drops the electronic passenger window down from the slot.
Cinco violently shoves Breck away from his face with a loud growl, shuffling beside Breck, staring at his mother.
Inside the truck cab, Arie shouts out loud from the driver’s seat. “Breck, please get inside, honey! The bank just called me. Your bank card has been stolen, sweetheart. We must go to the bank and investigate this matter immediately. Did you know that, darling?”
Breck drops open his mouth with a gasp.
Flamingo approaches and stands in the row of son, staring into the open window, lifting up the paper Lo-Mart receipt, handing it through the window to Arie. He smiles. “Naw, Mama. Breck’s bank card ain’t stolen. He went on a wild turkey shoot purchasing all kinds of cute purple presents for his little pretty thing. That’s her favorite pin wheel color. He got carried away, Mama. Me and Cinco couldn’t stop his ass, so we just let him spend all the funds coming from his personal bank account. Please don’t be angry, Mama. The boy’s in madness love…”
“Madness love!” Cinco turns and laughs in the nose profile on Breck.
Breck continues to stare at his mother and the paper receipt with worry.
Inside the cab, Arie studies the new paper receipt with a gasp. “Get into the classroom now, Cinco and Flamingo, before I have to write a tardy note,” she looks up with a frown to see Breck. “Breck, I can understand first loves, sweetheart. But you should not have been so reckless, the first time out. Please, get into the truck. We will visit the bank and explain to them that all is well, so we can clear up your bank account, honey.”
Breck reaches out with a nod and opens the door, sliding down into the passenger seat, securing his seat belt. “Yes ma’am!” Then, he swings a sneer through the window at his two brothers.
“Bye, Mama!” Cinco and Flamingo laugh out loud and wave a hand to their mother.
Inside the truck cab, Arie powers up the electronic window, shutting the glass, before Breck can mouth spit a set of vile evil words at his two annoying brothers. They had caused this entire financial mess for their brother.
Arie cautiously drives ahead, slowly steering around the parking lot, heading toward the bank with her first born son Breck.


School hallway location
First period class
AP chemistry class setting
07:54 am


Cinco and Flamingo slap each other on the back spine and then swiftly spin around, racing toward the entrance door, dashing into the school building.
The second school bell sounds with a loud ding.
They swiftly shuffle together through the crowded hallway while snorting with amusement. They continue to relive Breck’s facial expression of imprisonment, flight, fright, and angry inside the cab of their mother’s pickup truck.
Cinco escorts Flamingo to the classroom first, seeing Lacey at the open archway. 
Lacey stands in place beside the open archway of the AP classroom, wearing a face of wet tears, drowning her orange painted cheekbones and waves an arm with her mobile telephone and frowns with a sad timber. “Breck, he’s in trouble. He’s not coming back into school today.”
Cinco and Flamingo stop and then surround Lacey.
Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap with a smile, “Naw.”
Lacey drops her arm and then reads the tiny screen on her mobile telephone. “Yes, that’s true, Flamingo. Breck has just texted me on my cell phone. He’s going to miss all of his academic classes today including his precious football practice. He’s the star of the football team. How can he do that, Cinco? Breck’s in very serious trouble here with someone or somewhat.”
The two high school friends of the triplets, Doyle and Yancy appear and then join the huddle with Cinco, Flamingo, and Lacey, standing beside the open archway, chatting before the school bell rings to begin the first period of class.
Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap with a grin, “Naw.”
Doyle points down at the screen on his mobile telephone, frowning at Cinco. “Why is Breck at the police station? I just got the text from Harley that Breck got himself arrested her on the school campus for doing something wrong. What did Breck do wrong here on the school campus, Cinco? Did he beat someone up, Flamingo?”
Yancy points down at the screen on his mobile telephone, smiling at Flamingo. “If anyone should be inside a prison jail, then it should be Flamingo. My text says Breck has gotten arrested for stealing, stealing…uh…”
“…cookies…” Cinco leans over with a grin and then elbows Flamingo as they both laugh out loud with the silly joke.
Both Doyle and Yancy frown at Cinco.
Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap with a chuckle, “Naw.”
Lacey reaches out and touches the naked bicep on Flamingo, sobbing with a set of wet tears, saying with a soft timber. “I’m sorry. Now, I can’t apologize to Breck for my bad, girly, reckless teenly behavior, last night. Breck is so dear and tender and gentlemanly to me. I really do like him a lot,” she wipes the tears with a free hand, holding the mobile telephone with the other like all the other teens do.
Flamingo rolls the eyeballs and reaches out, patting her arm, staring at Cinco. “It’s alright, Lacey.”
Yancy looks down and then thumb-types on the tiny screen new data to his other friends in silence.
Doyle scratches his whiskers while reading the tiny screen on his mobile telephone, looking up with a confused brow to see Flamingo. “I don’t get it. Breck was arrested for stealing here on the school campus. Now, if had you told me that Flamingo had gotten puts into a jail cell for stealing or cheating or lying, then I’d say out loud: amen,” he winks with a chuckle at Flamingo.
Flamingo sneers and shakes his backwards baseball cap, “Naw.”
Yancy looks up and frowns at Cinco. “What did Breck do here on school campus? When did he do it yesterday or today or this morning? I thought I saw him this morning standing by his truck with both of ya’ll. Was that before he robbed the bank this morning? How long is Breck going to be inside the slammer?”
Flamingo and Cinco laugh out loud, hearing the silly banter of gossip that flies faster than a pair of humming bird’s wings.
Note: a pair of wings on a humming bird is the fastest natural mammal in the world.
Cinco reaches over and punches Yancy with a smile. “We need to go and get into class, before the bell rings. Or we all will be doing some jail time in Detention Row next to Principal Marshall’s office. Later, Flamingo and Lacey!” he spins around with a stern face, dashing down the hallway, leading his high school friends.
“Later, Flamingo!” Doyle and Yancy say in unison and then spin around with a nod, swiftly racing behind the back spine on Cinco for first period biology class.
Inside the classroom, AP student tall and plump Retta Jean Moore moves out from the classroom and then stops, standing beside Lacey and Flamingo, saying with a smirk. “Well, how the mighty has fallen, now?”
Flamingo turns and sneers at Retta Jean. “Yeah, the mighty don’t fall too far from their row of golden tinted throne chairs, slamming a precious ass down onto a set of satiny clouds. But, that’s a lot closer then shoving scattered piles of fresh horse shit from a wet gravel dirt road which is done by a pair of raw hands without a pair of work gloves. Ain’t that right, Retta Jean?” He chuckles with Lacey.
Retta snarls at Flamingo’s true statement.
The biological father of Retta Jean is employed as one of many ranch managers at the Balegreen Cow Ranch. Her father Horace is a well-respected, hard-working employee, who doesn’t have a formal college education from a fancy university but possesses a vast knowledge about cotton, corn, and cows, making him a valuable employee, not a wealthy man.
Arie is one of the best employers within the State of Alabama, since her land occupies 6,400 acres that requires numerous of workers to plant, plow, and produce field crops from a single seedling around the year, except in the calendar months of January and February.
In the months of January and February, the work day is shorter and the night is too cold for the harvesting a field crop but all the livestock needs attention.
A working cow and crop farm requires handling twenty-four hours per day, seven days per week and 365 days in a year. Arie employs workers for all of these work jobs twenty-four hours per day at the Balegreen Crop and Cow Ranch.
Arie can’t pay a large hourly rate to her individual employee like the US Federal Government does with a doctoral outer space engineer, who lives and thrives within metro city of Huntsville. Most of her farm employees do not possess a high school degree which creates farm pay competition among all the farm hands. However, a farm worker can leave the next day and find employment anywhere within the US State of Alabama or one of the neighboring US States in Mississippi, Georgia, Tennessee or Florida.
Arie provides a farm family unit with numerous free material possessions: a small house, two vehicles, a life time supply of electricity power, city fresh drinking water, and a septic tank for their bowels of shit and piss along with tons of fresh homegrown meats, fruits, nuts, and vegetables coming from her land. She includes the benefits of free health, dental, car, and home insurance plans also. Her employees are happy and also stay working for the Balegreen Crop and Cow Ranch for a long time of time while producing older generations of family members, such like, Retta Jean and her biological family unit.
Retta Jean is the middle daughter of five children. She is always overlooked and underappreciated while receiving a collection of handmade down clothes along with a pair of worn cowgirl boots, coming from her two older sisters. She is expected to be brilliant in her class work like her older siblings which makes for a very grumpy and grouchy teenage girl, especially when she greets and meets one of the future owners of the Balegreen Cow Ranch.
The triplets are the three future owners of the Balegreen Cow Ranch, who turned seventeen years old in the month of April.
Arie has been teaching her three sons a set of valuable farm lessons, educating her children about the responsibilities and obligations within a working farm including the legal and financial components.
Flamingo secretly knows that her father Horace Moore receives a fifty-thousand-dollar annual salary, before all of the federal and state income taxes are taken out while sustaining a family of seven. Flamingo appreciates his mother and her conservative nature along with her generous heart as she is a very wealthy and independent farm owner.
Arie has expressed to her three boys that she will not ever flaunt her family’s good fortune inside the small town of Lacy Spring, since she could be personally chauffeured like a Hollywood movie star riding inside a long silver tinted limousine, wearing a fancy gown with tons of diamond jewelry, if she has the desire. However, Arie is a country girl in her heart and her soul, loving her country roots along with her old pair of cowgirl pink and white cowgirl boots.
When her three boys enter into the college atmosphere, they will move to metro city of Birmingham, where they can live in a big high-rise apartment building and then rent a limousine riding around the big city, having a good time in private at all the eighteen years old parties. They will attend college for some time and academic degrees, because each future life is the Balegreen Cow Ranch. Eventually, her three sons will end back up here in Lacy Spring, after all the fun times are old and stable with a future wife raising the next generation of Balegreen babies.
Flamingo offer thinks of his deceased father, who had loved both his family and his country so much that he had served in the US military trying to make the USA safe for him, his wife, his two brothers, and the rest of Americans. Flamingo also admires his mother who continues to support all the local military families with her words and her money while maintaining a happy home life regardless of the eternally loss of her soul mate. Therefore, Flamingo will continue Arie’s family role model as a good USA citizen here in Lacy Spring.
One of his reasons, Flamingo greatly desires and then plans to become a medical physician helping all sick people with his God-given smarts, once he has been a trained and certified as a medical physician from Birmingham State University.
Lacy Springs is a small net community, where everyone knows everyone, since their families have lived here coming from generation, after generation, and after generation. The younger kids go off to college and then develop a careers sometimes moving into one of the bigger major cities such like Huntsville or Birmingham.
However, each teenage is still partial a country gal or guy that, who wants to live as a redneck or a city slicker like Retta Jean. Each teenager will test the waters determining a future career path which might lead the teen be back here to in Lacy Springs as a wife of a farmer or a new employee working for Arie or a new employee working in one of the bigger cities for the rest of her life.
Flamingo can understand, a little bit, the quiet friction inside Retta Jean’s head and heart, but he will be damned if he allows her to insult his precious mother and his two loving brothers without an IQ cat fight, if there must be a vicious tango between the intellectual teens.
Inside the open archway of the AP classroom, Retta Jean looks over with a sneer at Lacey. “You must be Breck’s new little...”
“…girl. Yeah!” Flamingo sneers back at Retta Jean. “You’re IQ doesn’t stray far from the original test score of 131 points, when you had tested in the sixth grade and then had been accepted slightly above average the intelligent human being. The minimum score to enter the gifted program is measured at 130 points, isn’t that right, Retta?”
Lacey giggles at Flamingo’s logic.
Flamingo sneers. “You are 0.7692 percent over the baseline standard, since last week. Congrats, honey!” He lifts and then flexes his bicep near his jaw line with a wink. “My IQ grows up along with my height like my muscular bicep as I flex both in strength and endurance within my mind and my body.”
“Is that a bodily threat, Rambo?” Retta sneers at Flamingo.
Flamingo laughs, “No. It is an IQ challenge, darling. So, ya betta not be forgetting that one, Retardo Jean.”
Retta leans over and then gently taps on the dangling purple and white checkered backpack which is located down in front of Lacey’s kneecaps using her ancient brown stained cowgirl boot, saying with a laugh. “Lo-Mart model 236 for twenty bucks, my baby sister drags the same one to her third grade class every morning,” she back steps with a laugh and then spins around with a smile moving inside the AP classroom.
Flamingo gasps in alarm and then leans over, cuddling Lacey for buddy support, feeling really shitty. He had selected the child’s backpack for a viciously joke on his brother Breck. And it would’ve been a damn funny one, if Flamingo had given the tiny purple tinted item to Breck, when they had reached home last night. Instead he had purposefully presented the tiny purple tinted backpack for Lacey with a lots of dumbass reasons that included humor, entertainment, and revenge.
Last night, inside her pickup truck, at the Lo-Mart store, tender hearted and innocent Lacey had accepted thinking each purple tinted gift came from Breck’s swollen heart.
Beside the open archway in front of the AP classroom, Flamingo continues to hug Lacey and then whispers over hear blonde hair roots. “Ignore the bitch! She has some daddy issues.”
Lacey wipes each tear with a sad sob. He turns and escorts Lacey into the AP classroom, stopping in front of her writing desk first, pulling out her chair like a true southern gentleman. She slides down and continues to wipe each tear, slipping the new purple and white checkered backpack down at her cowgirl boots.
Inside the AP classroom, the short, grayed-haired, elderly chemistry teacher continues to sit at her teacher desk while seeing and hearing the encounter at the open archway with a sour frown as she never smiles, only sneers when she talks. She slowly stands upright from the chair and then moves, standing in front of the white board, staring at each student with a sneer. “Good morning, Geniuses! Please pass up any and all daily homework assignments for grading,” she watches each row pass a set of stapled sheets of papers and then shuffles to the front seat one the first row, gathering the stack from one of her best academic students Retta Jean in silence. Then she slowly scoots sideways with a sneer and reaches out, accepting a stack of thick stapled sheet of papers coming from the other AP students, stopping in front of the next row, staring down at the hair roots on Lacey.
Lacey hands a set of both messy and loosely stacked homework papers to the teacher.
The teacher accepts the loose stack and then continues to stare down at the blonde colored hair roots on Lacey with a firm tone and a facial sneer. “And where are the rest of your additional homework assignments that belong to me for grading, Miss Newton? Do I need to remind you today? Each one of your additional homework assignment is due to have to me on Friday morning at eight o’clock am which includes chapters one through nine. Or I will not finish my statement. Do I need to finish my unspoken sentence, Miss Newton?”
“No ma’am.” Lacey continues to stare with a worried brow down with a whisper at her closed chemistry book.
The teacher shuffles a pair of gray tinted low-heeled shoes to the last row and the first writing desk. Flamingo offers a stack of staple paper to the teacher with a smile in silence. The teacher accepts the stack of homework assignment with a sneer and a nod to one of her best academic students Flamingo, back stepping from him and then spinning around to face her desk. Then she slowly twirls around and holds the thick stack of papers for grading, saying with a sneer to each student. “You can work independently, which I prefer. Or you can work in a group, which is acceptable, as long as, your assignment work is completed by tomorrow for collection. I will be inside my private office, which is across the hallway, grading each one of your current chemistry assignments. If you have any questions, please trot like my stallion to my closed door. You may begin now,” she swirls around to the desk and collects her cup of hot coffee cuddling the papers, exiting the room in silence.
The classroom door automatically closes shut.
On the last row at the first writing desk, Flamingo leans over with a stern face into her writing table. “Lacey, I’ve finished my homework assignment for the week. I can help you, if you want with your work.”
Lacey continues to stare down with a sad face, using a white tinted handkerchief to wipe her tears, saying with a soft timber. “Yeah.”
He pushes his writing table closer to her body closing the space gap. Some of the other AP students turns and then spies on them. Flamingo plops his notebook down on the edge of his desk, opening to the first page, staring at her cheekbone. “Where did you leave off on your homework assignments, Lacey? Have you finished the chapter one questions, honey?”
She holds the cloth handkerchief underneath her running nostrils blowing out loud a set of accumulated snot from her soft crying. She is worried. Breck has been arrested for stealing all of her purple tinted items at the local Lo-Wart Store last night. And Lacey was upset about the harsh and rude personal treatment from the other AP student Retta Jean.
She leans over with a whisper and a sad face into the cheekbone on Flamingo. “I didn’t want to get Breck into trouble about all the items that he stole last night at the local Lo-Mart store. I promise, Flamingo. Breck told me on the cell phone that he couldn’t leave the cow ranch, but I wanted to see him. I can leave my house anytime I want. I didn’t mean to cause so much trouble, Flamingo. I really, really do like Breck.”
He shakes his backwards baseball cap, exhaling with a sigh. “Everything is going to be okay, Lacey. Breck isn’t arrested for stealing anything. He didn’t do anything wrong. Believe me! I should know. All right! Let’s work on your chemistry assignments. I got a bad feeling that we’re going to be working on this for the rest of the week.”
She blows her nostrils again into the handkerchief and then wipes off all of her wet tears staring down at the closed textbook, saying with a soft timber. “I don’t understand, Flamingo. Why did Breck steal all that money from the local bank?” She looks up with a swollen red tinted face, gasping with alarm into the face of Flamingo, “O my gawd, my presents! He robbed the local bank and used the money to buy all of my pretty presents, because he didn’t have the money. I feel so sad. I love all my precious purple tinted gifts. They’re so beautifully and thoughtful.”
He shakes his backwards baseball cap with a sour frown. “No, that is not correct, Lacey. Breck has a small bank account. It is the modern day allowance coming from our mama, instead of a wad of hard cold cash. Our mama places money into a bank account for spending, then she can track each one of our fund purchases for safety and security.”
She whispers. “O! That’s very smart. Your mama is a very smart girl.”
He nods. “Thanks. My mama is a wise old owl. You can’t fool her about nothing. Where shall we start on your chemistry homework assignments?”
She reaches down with a smile and then touches the material on top of the closed textbook. “Well, I’ve been busy with unpacking all of my new clothes coming from the many, many cases of my pretty luggage and then spending all my free time talking to Breck the cell phone. I don’t…”
“Okay, Lacey. Let’s start in chapter one with the first question. I’ll review the question and then help you find the answer. And then, I’ll tell assist with writing down the proper answer, because we have to write the formula along with the answer, so you get one hundred percent credit for your chemistry work.”
She reaches out and touches his naked arm with a giggle and a wink. “You’re so sweet, to me, Flamingo. I mean helping me like this with each difficult chemistry problems. You’re a real doll. Maybe, I can pay back for your generosity. I can bake you a tray of cookies and bring the cookies over to your home tonight for both you and Breck and Cinco for my gratefulness.”
“That’s nice, Lacey. But, tonight is Wednesday. We all go to choir practice at our church which starts at six pm and ends around eight o’clock. Then, we go back home and help Cinco finish his own homework assignment. And then we shoot the shit with stories and finally go to bed. So you cannot come over to my home tonight.”
She crinkles her nose. “Which church do you attend for choir practice?”
“My family attends the church on Wiljoy Road. It’s the only Methodist church here in Lacy Spring.”
She reaches out and grabs the blue ink pen inside the closed book, holding it near her grin, slapping a single piece of paper on top of her empty writing desk. “Okay. Let’s start with question number one. What’s the answer?”
He looks down with a stern face and softly read out the question for Lacey.


Fifth Period class
AP World History classroom setting
02:01 pm


The beauty of AP classes is that the teacher rotates their body and all of their personal school supplies into the AP room as opposed to the set of smart students shuffling around their books and personal gear up and down an array of different hallways.
The door remains open during the new exchange of classes.
The world history teacher slowly stumbles into the AP room carrying three large boxes between his arms as he instructs with a whine. “Students, in the first chair of each row, please evacuate your writing table. Each table is needed for today’s history assignment. And please shove each empty table into in the middle space between the white board and the line of second writing desks.”
Flamingo swiftly stands upright from his chair and moves his textbook and notebook to the second seat in the same row, since the large room easily accommodates the twenty-eight AP students while no one sits directly behind his back spine.
Then Flamingo shuffles over and then gentlemanly assists Lacey with all of her personal items into the second seat in her row first. Then he scoots ahead and helps move some of the empty writing tables toward the empty space in front of the classroom.
The teacher moves ahead and stands behind the new homemade row of writing tables, gently placing eight boxes on top of the hard surface, standing beside the teacher desk, clapping with a smile. “Good afternoon, class. I realize that I teach later in the day after our tummies are full and our minds are closed. But I must share with equal distress that a few of you didn’t perform to my excellent standard ranking on yesterday’s chapter test which is screwing up my performance table, which in turn screws up my overall compensation. So, I have decided to assist myself in correcting that a problem…” he pauses for a set of shallow breaths as an out of shape, short, elderly male, displaying a head of graying hair at the temples with thinning brown hair on top of his crown.
He exhales with a huff of air molecules and a stern face. “I am passing around the room a simple brown bag which is filled with twenty-eight individual slips of paper. The paper slips are marked with the numeric digits from fifty to seventy-seven with one exception, the number one represents the winner that will be able to participate within the bonus round for additional points. When traveling to a different country somewhere in world, it is very important to understand that country’s customs and social etiquettes within its global village. Today, we will experience International Day.”
Each AP student softly claps with a nod and a smile.
He inhales with a huff of air molecules and a stern face. “The rules are very simple. If you possess the number one ticket, then you will be allowed to add to your total grade the summation of two hundred points which can be used with any combination throughout the school year, staring in this semester term. Therefore, the two hundred points could result in the letter grade of an A or a B for your permanent semester grade.”
Each AP student softly claps with a nod and a smile.
He inhales with a huff of air molecules and a stern face. “However, to make the game more challenging, if you get miss one of the answers, then I will deduct fifty points from your positive accumulation score.”
Each AP student softly claps with a nod and a smile.
“The second rule, if you do not want to accept the challenge, then you can return the slip back into the plain brown tinted paper bag and we will redraw for another contestant.  Does every student understand the rules?”
One of the student shouts out loud into the classroom, “Why would one of us refuse two hundred points for a free letter grade of A-plus?”
“Why can’t we all play in the same bonus round of additional academic points too?” A second student frowns.
The teacher slaps a chest with a nod, “Because, I’m the teacher and you’re the student. Are there any more questions, students?” He pauses with a grin. “Good! Please rise upright from your chair, if you hold the number one slip.”
Lacey slowly lifts up her arm and holds the paper slip in the air with a stern face.
The teacher turns and nods with a smile at Lacey. “Miss Newton, do you want to play the bonus round of academic points within the International Day history game at this moment?”
“Ugh,” Lacey turns and smiles at Flamingo.
Flamingo leans over with a stern face and a whisper into her cheekbone as she hears his words. He exhales. “The teacher has done this type of thing before. You read out loud the question and then call out loud each item inside the individual box. Then I’ll blink my right eyeball for the right item that answers the question or blink my left eyeball for the wrong item. Do you understand, Lacey?”
“I guess so.” Lacey whispers with uncertain about the game.
Flamingo pushes back from her writing desk with a smile. “Go on up there and stand in front of the first box, honey!”
Lacey slowly stands upright from her chair and then shuffles ahead to the first used box looking in the direction of the teacher. He nods in silence. She reaches down and lifts up the box top revealing a tray holding a three carnations which colors in white, red, and pink along with a small typed sign that shows the class the country Russia. Then, Lacey retrieves the question and read out loud to the class. “Be careful when presenting flowers to a friend in the country of Russia. The color yellow blooms in deceit while what color carnation is placed on the graves of the dead?” She looks at Flamingo’s right eyeball as she announces each color in order. “There is the color of white.” Flamingo blinks his left eyeball. She smiles. “The flower is the color of red.” Flamingo blinks his right eyeball. She grins. “There is the color of pink.”
Flamingo blinks his left eyelid as Lacey smiles and picks up the red. “I pick the color of red for the graves of the dead.”
“That is a very good answer, Miss Newton. Red is the correct carnation color. You receive fifty points toward your permanent history grade for the semester term. Please, continue to the second box.”
Lacey sidesteps to next box with a smile, lifting up the lid, revealing a tray of three minerals, a white salt shaker, a black pepper shaker, and an orange Cheyenne powder shaker. The placement card on top of the box reads in big and bold black letters: Egypt.
She reaches down and snatches up the card, reading out loud the question to the class. “When tucking into a meal in Egypt, it is insulting to your host to sprinkle what particularly colored mineral over your supper meal? Because it means that you fine the meal repulsive.” She looks up with a smile to see Flamingo. “The first mineral is white salt.” Flamingo blinks his right eyelid to her. She smiles. “The second mineral is black pepper.” Flamingo winks his left eyelid to. She grins. “The third mineral is orange Cheyenne powder.” Flamingo winks his left eyelid.
She reaches down and then lifts the salt shaker near her smile, shaking her hips side to side as the student softly clap with a smile. She shouts out loud. “The mineral is salt.”
The teacher nods with a smile at her nose profile. “Good job, Miss Newton. You’re on a roll with one hundred points. Please, continue to the next box.”
Lacey shuffles sideways and then stops, lifting up the lid on the next box, revealing a tray. The tray holds three individual ink pens in the color of blue, black, and red.
The placement white tinted card in bold and black colored letters reads: Korea.
She snatches up the question, reading out loud with a smile. “Writing a lot of greeting cards while visiting in the country of South Korea, you must be mindful of the pen ink color. Scrawling a person’s name in what ink color signifies that he or she is dead?” She looks down and then see the first colored ink pen. “The first ink pen is…”
The teacher inhales with a huff of annoyance. “You do not have to identify each item on top of the plastic tray, Miss Newton. Just pick the right one, so we can wrap up this bonus test very quickly. I do have other important homework assignments to perform here.”
Lacey turns and pouts to the teacher. “O! I’m so sorry! I was vocalizing out loud each individual colorful item for all the kids in the back of room, sir.”
The teacher frowns. “All right! But, please precede a little faster, Miss Newton,” he exhales with annoyance.
Lacey turns and smiles at Flamingo, rushing her words. “The color is blue.”
Flamingo blinks his left eyelid.
“Black…”
He blinks left eyelid.
“Red…”
He blinks his right eyelid.
She smiles. “My correct answer is red,” Lacey bounces up and down with a smile, picking up the red ink pen, holding it near her grin.
“Correct, Miss Newton. Please move a little faster and finish this exercise,” the teacher exhales with more annoyance.
She sidesteps with a grin and then stops. “And I move over to the last box,” she lifts up the lid, revealing a fresh peanut butter and strawberry jelly sandwich between two slices of white bread. The placement card of white displays a set of black and bold capital letters which reads: Norway.
She reaches down towards the slip of paper.
The teaches quickly slides off his chair with a loud huff and bounces ahead, snatching up the sliver of paper with a sour frown, standing behind the last book and reads out loud the question for Lacey and the other students. “In the foreign country of Norway, a set of table manners are extremely important for a guest. Most of the meals include a sandwich which is eaten by using your fingers or utensils?”
Lacey stands beside the box and turns to stare at Flamingo, missing his eyelid signal, since the teacher has read the answers too fast. She smiles. “Could you please repeat the question?”
The teacher frowns. “The two objects, which is the answer, are resting on top of the tray inside the box.”
She clears a dry throat. “Please, could you repeat the question?”
The teacher frowns. “Your fingers?”
Flamingo blinks his left eyelid.
The teacher frowns. “Or your utensils?”
Flamingo winks his right eyelid.
Lacey bounces up and down with excitement with a smile. “My utensils.”
The teacher inhales with a huff of air molecules. “You are very good, Miss Newton. You have received all the two hundreds bonus points to do with on your grades for the rest of the school year.”
Lacey bounces ahead toward her writing desk with a smile.
Flamingo swiftly stands upright and then shuffles away from his writing chair, and stops, giving her a quick hug, pulling back with a smile and whispers a set of secret words into her eardrum. He scoots sideways from Lacey.
She sits down with a smile staring at the teacher and the row of boxes.
The teacher inhales with a huff of air molecules patting the top of the last box, “All right! I need some assist here again in replacing back all the empty chairs and removing all the boxes from each writing desk please.”
Flamingo moves ahead with a smile, assisting the teacher again and working with the same AP students.


Lacy Springs Church location
Parking lot setting
Hot temperatures with parted clouds of bright sunlight
05:43 pm


Flamingo parks his sports car in the last empty parking spot underneath the line of electricity cables that lovingly hug the row of tall green tinted pine trees beside the country road. He softly slams the car door, strutting ahead with a newly bathed body which is clean from the assortment of dead horse fly parts and his stinky BO sweat from his football practice.
He slowly struts toward the side wall on the building, viewing the closed entrance doors on the church, attending the weekly choir practice. He surrenders to the moment with a sissy whine. “I’m exhausted.” He has never worked so hard within his seventeen years of life at high school, at his residential home, and on the football field.
First off, he had assisted Lacey in every one of their academic classes today, working on her unfinished school work assignments. He had eased her writing table over into his personal work space during first period and then she stayed beside him all day long throughout each course like a starving dog for a table of bread crumbs. The other students whispered behind the back spine on Flamingo, who didn’t really give a shit.
However, Flamingo seriously pondered how Lacey had managed to pass all of her AP exams and then landed inside the AP classroom, since all the AP courses were primarily designed as a self-paced program for an overachiever like him and Retta Jean.
Flamingo was proud that he had assisted, naw, cheated for Lacey by helping her get the desperately needed two hundred bonus points inside their shared World History course. The extra two hundred points should give Lacey the letter grade of B for the fall term, since she had privately confessed that her grade had bounced around the whole number of thirty points out of one hundred points, which was the letter grade of F for failure.
At the church parking lot, Flamingo slowly moves toward the closed door and shakes his backwards baseball cap in both pity and sorrow for his fellow school higher Lacey with her set of very bad academic grades. If she continues to produce the letter grade of F’s, then she will be demoted back down into the set of regular classes with Cinco and Breck.
Breck would love that academic decision. But the academic decision would be a big embarrassment for Lacey and a bigger disappointment for her father as she had privately confessed also this afternoon during English Literature AP class.
Second off, Flamingo had to defend milady Lacey with his set of knightly redneck skills for a second time against Retardo Jean at high noon lunch in front of the entire student body.
Retta had tried to dump her used food on top of her lunch tray over Lacey’s shimmery platinum locks that Breck endlessly coos over.
Flamingo had done a double-take with his acute eye sight seeing a new flower garden that had magically grown higher on top of Retta Jean’s food tray. He had understood too clearly that Retta had gathered the used and abused foods from her set of best friends while piling the food items higher onto her food plate like the leaning Tower of Pisa.
The second give away had dinged inside his IQ also.
The row of nasty lunch room trash cans for each abused student food tray had been located in the opposite direction of sitting Lacey and her shimmery platinum locks.
Flamingo had almost slid off the edge on his lunchroom plastic chair while extending one of his long legs into the air space in-between the walking aisle. Then Retta Jean had purposefully ignored a smiling Flamingo and targeted her pretty prey, stupidly tripping one of her ugly and worn cowgirl boots over the extended naked ankle. The bone-to-leather impact had hurt like hell on Flamingo’s naked leg as the immediately collision had been implemented brilliantly, tossing Retta Jean’s body down into the plate of food, where both objects landed on top of the dirty lunchroom floor.
Each high school student had roared with laughter, pointing down at a grounded Retta Jean.
Her behavior had been a juvenile stunt that an eighth grader would have pulled on of his best buddies for fun. However, Retta Jean is still mentally stuck within the middle school eighth grade while her IQ hovers as a junior student in college.
His fellow AP classmate Retta Jean is filled with jealousy and angry which is directed at Flamingo, since he works with her father Horace Moore on some important matters there at the Balegreen Cow Ranch at least once per week. Flamingo’s father was died when the triplets were two-years old.
His mother Arie has ran and operated the cow ranch by herself with some heavy guidance coming from her older and wiser parents, her father-in-law and her mother-in-law along with a west wing of highly paid lawyers and an eastern wing of highly paid accountants that is located in metro city Huntsville. Breck plans to become a lawyer taking over all the legal matters at the Balegreen Cow Ranch ensuring that no one never steals land, money, or assets from his mother or his two other brothers.
First born triplet Breck claims the first born son position while taking care of Arie in both vocal word and body deed, since her husband Breck, Junior isn’t available to do it, in an earthly sense, only an angelic posture. Every afternoon, after school sessions, Breck immediately hunts and tracks down Arie inside the residential house or outside in the fields making certain that she has eaten a daily food plate and hasn’t gotten a bodily hurt from her numerous cow chores that she enjoys but is too dangerous in Breck’s opinion. Breck will be her protector foreverly while Flamingo has fancied an interest in the day-to-day operations at the Balegreen Cow Ranch meeting with the numerous ranch managers while discussing all the cow problems and calf solutions. He enjoys the business interactions since he doesn’t have a sweetie like Cinco and now like first born triplet Breck.
Yeah, sweetie!
Breck has gone dark chocolate mushy goo-goo over this little cowgirl, not knowing her for more than three full sun lights but Arie has told each son that true love is deaf, dumb, and blind. And that ancient love axiom also has busted opened both of Breck’s lips into red blood seeing Lacey with an ‘e’ on her first day of school at Lacy Springs High School.
Middle child Flamingo seems to behavior with a green-eyed jealous strike for Breck’s new love, since the single cute southern belle has managed to un-balance the easy going teen life style there at the Balegreen Cow Ranch, especially yesterday.
Breck had successfully faked a football punt and then lied directly into Arie’s face during the suppertime meal while also leaving out from his home against one of Arie’s rule. Flamingo doesn’t regret teaching Breck a life lesson but should have plotted a little better without involving a set of other parties like Lacey and now Retta Jean. But Flamingo is only protecting the triplet clan that will one day take over and then control the Balegreen Cow Ranch as well as taking care of their mother Arie for the rest of her days. The triplets plan to graduate college with a degree and then return back home to Lacy Springs assuming an individual responsible live with Breck as a lawyer and Flamingo as a physician, who will treat both young and older people here in Lacy Spring.
Cinco’s life time future is unknown at this time. He is smart like his two brothers, since his is part of the triplet thing coming from the same zygote with the same physical attributes and same DNA makeup.
Maybe, Cinco could become one of the numerous farm veterinaries, since the Balegreen Cow Ranch needs a couple of younger animal physicians. And Cinco spends more time kissing his stallion’s asshole as much as he slobbers on Babbie’s mouth.
On top of the church pavement, Flamingo slowly moves toward the closed door and shakes his backwards baseball cap, seeing that vile mental pic with a chuckle.
As a matter of fact, a farm veterinary would serve as a good career choice for Retta Jean also, since she has grown up with both numerous siblings and livestock within her small homestead resident that is located at the edge on the Balegreen Cow Ranch property.
Flamingo will mention that excellent prospect to her father Horace and his mother Arie recommending the payment of college expenses through veterinary school. That should earn Flamingo some brownie points with his mother for messing around with Breck and Breck’s bank account.
Third off, Flamingo had spent the last fifty-five minutes out of sixty minutes at the latest football practice tossing twelve percent completed passes to a set of annoying running tail back, who had enjoyed their trash talk and their mouth spit into Flamingo’s face between the helmet posts for fun, pity, and sprite as the offensive coach had yelled out loud a string of vile curse words for a lousy quarterback performance that was ringing inside the left eardrum on Flamingo like he had attended a rock and roll concert for four hours for fudging up the football plays. Then his baby brother Cinco had successfully quarterback-sacked his own brother over ninety-nine percent of practice time while asking why Breck had missed the football practice.
On top of church pavement, Flamingo continues to move ahead and reaches up, touching his eardrum, drowning out the dinging echo inside his left ear.
Fourth off, in addition to Lacey opining over a fake arrest and mysterious confinement of Breck’s pretend crime, during the school day, she had continuously sobbed onto Flamingo’s naked arm, crying in a series of wet tears that drowned his shirt also. Then sometimes, she had giggle at some of Flamingo’s silly jokes as each AP student had snooped and spied on Flamingo and Lacey.
On top of the church pavement, Flamingo is slowly moving toward the set of closed doors at church, so Brother Jesus can beat his ass virtually for each one of his heavenly sins.
Every Wednesday night, Arie and her triplets, and all the other church people come to the church structure eating the supper meal that has been prepared by the set of gifted southern cooks and attend choir practice, since the church uses a jazzy teenage choir to accommodate the preacher’s boring sermon on Sunday morning while each set of loving parents enjoy seeing their redneck babies.
During the Sunday morning preaching, all the church people sing a couple of songs and then listen to the preacher preach as the teen choir of hot bodies stand upright inside the tiered bleachers in a blue silk long robe sing to both Almighty God and the crowded pews. This Sunday activity had occurred, since the year 1809, when the first family of Alabama, which was named McCory, had allowed his old stallion to shit out a new pile of steaming horse turds on top of the red tinted dirt between an oak and maple tree, which then formed the small cow town of Lacy Spring.
Flamingo had heard that ancient story, since birth.
On top of the church pavement, Flamingo slowly moves over the concrete slab and then stops, standing in front of the closed doors, slowing one the side door, entering through the open archway. He swiftly glides down an empty corridor toward the music room.
The parents become separated in two clicks. The “female click” hangs around the kitchen room while the cooking food and hot gossip. The “male click” smokes an individual cigar outside near the graveyard and away from the spying eyeballs of each female.
The younger child and infants are inside an individual play room while the set of teenagers have all gathered inside the music room practicing for a new musical song for Sunday church preaching service.
At 05:58 pm, Flamingo stops with a worried brow and then stands in front of the closed door, staring with a set of deep breathes at the light tinted wood. The open door leads into the music room, a flamboyant large square shaped auditorium at the end of the long hallway with the herd of nosily teenagers.
A long time ago, one of the deacons at the church (an old grayed hair grandpa) had gotten the brilliant idea that Brother Jesus would make a better babysitter rather than a group of biological parents, so the church built a new one-million-dollar music center which captured and then contained each free spirited teenager here in Lacy Springs while teaching each teen to sing and dance for Almighty God’s heavenly joy at the Sunday morning preaching service.
Flamingo doesn’t mind singing songs or attending the church service, especially if the joyful action pleases Brother Jesus, Almighty God, the Holy Spirit, and all his heavenly angels. The problem, every teenager inside this room behind the set of closed door attends Lacy Springs High School.
So, Flamingo gets to butt heads with Retta Jean for a third time and for the first time face his brother Breck, who has been a) hiding or b) pouting or c) practicing a right hook, which is really weak against Flamingo’s left jab.
Flamingo stares and giggles at the closed door.
The music room measures one hundred and fifty feet across by one hundred twenty-five feet wide by twenty feet high with a set of seven tiers. Each tier contains holds an individual bolted down choir chair made of puke green fabric (the cheapest fabric inside the supply store) for a section of sopranos (an angel-girl voice); a section of altos (a sweet clarinet girly voice); a section of tenors (a boyish smooth saxophone voice) and finally a manly baritone bass (a demon-guy voice).
Flamingo, Breck, and Cinco sing a song in bass timbre. They had sat side by side against the rear wall on the highest tier standing on a set of tippy toes while staring down at each set of luscious female exposed breast tissue that continuously bounced up and down from the musical notes on each soprano-angels voice for entertainment purposes. Until Cinco had gotten too excited one church night and then performed his stupid rebel yell while smashing both his folded fists into the cheap orange wall plaster creating a snowball ripple starting at seven feet and nine inches going down toward four feet and eight inches.
Arie had paid for the wall damage, but the triplets had been moved down to the next row of basses.
The teenage choir consists of teenagers from the age of twelve (that’s not a teen) to the age of twenty-two (that’s not a teen either). The room of singers is still called the Teen Choir for stupidity while most of the teens live in Lacy Springs and attend Lacy Springs High School.
There are other churches like the Baptist Church, Church of Church, and the Catholic Church, but this church captures most of the teens, because the choir is fun along with all the cool teen parties during the weekends of Saturday and Sunday, where free food, cold beverages, merchandise of cowgirl boots, cowboy hats, T-shirts, farm baby animals, and guns, but you must purchase your own ammo at Harvey’s Supply Store, thou. The biggest draw is the Teen Choir that sings every Sunday morning during church hours of eight am to noontime, where each redneck mother and father can cry and then clap for their set of little redneck angels.
In front of the closed door, Flamingo has prayed to Brother Jesus and accepted Brother Jesus’ forgiveness, but his brother Breck will be a different story.
Flamingo will surrender to both the physical and mental pain that Breck will supply with a fist punch into the eyeball on Flamingo while making the eye socket black and blue which is better than Breck remaining angry at Flamingo for the stupid scheme for the rest of their brotherly days here on planet Earth.
He reaches out and touches the door knob, slowly opening the door, standing inside the archway and then sees the usual commotion.
Inside the music room, on the side wall, a gigantic television plasma screen stands inside the wall corner that enlarges a single piece of sheet music, discussing each singing tone for perfection into Almighty God’s eardrums.
On the opposite side, a baby grand piano sits inside the wall corner across from a drum set, where a set of teens practice a set of separate songs for fun while usually making all kinds of awful man-made sounds.
But today, the music room is very quiet.
Flamingo continues to stand with a stunned face inside the archway, seeing the usual action.
AP new student Lacey stands in the middle of the floor holding a tray of chocolate chip cookies. The other teens encircle her upright petiteness attacking the food. her boyfriend Breck hugs her collar bone, nodding with a smile like an old married couple.
Flamingo continues to stand inside the archway with a giggle of amusement.
His high school friends, Doyle and Yancy appear and then drag Flamingo away from the open archway as the door automatically closes. They stop and then stand at the bottom choir tier with a set of chuckles.
One eyeball on Breck catches the new motion from the archway while turning to sneer at his brother Flamingo.
Inside the huddle of teen, Cinco turns and gasps at the body of Flamingo, back stepping from the eating teens, spinning around with a sneer to go and harass Flamingo for a second round, this evening.
At the bottom of the choir tier, Yancy stands to close to Flamingo’s eardrum, laughing out loud. “Hey! Breck wasn’t arrested at all today. It turned out to be a hex…”
“Hokes, Yancy!” Doyle stands to close on the opposite eardrum on Flamingo, laughing out loud. “The correct term is pronounced as hokes.”
Cinco appears and stands in front of Flamingo, reaching out with a growl, pulling him away from Yancy and Doyle and then stops. They stand at the opposite end of the bottom choir tier out of other eardrums.
On the bottom tier, “A hoist…” Yancy frowns.
Doyle reaches out with a laugh and then grabs the shirt on Yancy, dragging his friend to the highest tier. They had gained the seat position from the triplets while viewing a set of pale bouncing exposed breast tissue on each angle.
At the opposite side of the bottom choir tier, Cinco leans into Flamingo’s face. “Breck says to wait for him, after choir practice out by his truck. So, don’t beat him up too bad, since our mama might see. Gimme your car keys. You ride back with Breck tonight.”
Flamingo pulls the car keys placing inside the open palm on Cinco with a smile. “That’s hard if he’s unconscious…”
“Then…” Cinco accepts the car keys with one hand, jabbing a finger into the vile word on Flamingo’s shirt with a sneer. “You drag his ass inside the truck and call me. We both can tote his unconscious body up the stairs.”
He smirks. “Your confidence in my fighting abilities is admirably, Cinco.”
Cinco shuffles his boot toes into naked feet on Flamingo with a soft growl, “Lookie! We both know that we’re the two stronger men here, since Breck plays, what, at total of fifteen lousy minutes kicking a sissy ball between two goal posts in a three-hour nose-to-blood dog fight. Even I can drop your ass down in 1.2 seconds flat down on the ground as the superstar DL on the Lacy Springs football team.”
He smiles at Cinco’s second astute observation within two days.
Cinco growls with a sour frown. “You both were wrong. Breck shouldn’t have lied to our mama’s pretty face and deserves an ass whipping which I gladly want to give him, but I’m allow you that honor tonight. Then, you get one too for stealing Breck’s bank card and going ass crazy overdrawing his bank account…”
“What did Mama said to you, Cinco?” He frowns.
Cinco exhales. “Mama is her happy self as always when I showed up home to bath after football practice and then riding inside the trunk with her. She didn’t mention nothing about Breck missing a day of school. I guess it’s none of my bee’s wax. Why are you late for the church supper? Did you eat a plate of food, Flamingo?”
“Thanks for caring about my health. Yes, I did. What happened to Breck this morning after the bank manager encounter?”
“Breck ain’t talking to me.” Cinco slowly turns to see Lacey. “He has been lovey-dovey all evening over Lacey. She had mysteriously showed up here with a tray of fresh baked cookies entertaining the hunger. I find that very interesting.”
“I didn’t. We capture about ninety percent of the teens here in Lacy Springs High with the church’s activities promoting gun violence. Breck must’ve invited her, last night.”
“Must’ve…” Cinco returns back with a stern face to see Flamingo. “I will repeat. Don’t hurt him too bad! And no ugly scene here in church, so there’s no gossip fire that Mama has to douse. Do you understand me?”
“I promise I’d never do anything to embarrass our mama,” he nods.
Cinco reaches out and then violently shoves Flamingo backwards with a nod. “Good to hear those words going into to my eardrums! Lookie! I’m going to sit between you and Breck on the music row tonight to ensure that promise, dude. Get moving, so I can block for you, Flamingo.”
Flamingo spins around with a stern face and then slowly moves up each tier, sitting at the end of the row, not usual. Cinco sits next to Flamingo while staring down at each teen.
On the side wall, the closed door opens.
The Music Director enters the room and waves both arms, wiggling each finger in the air, separating the huddle of students with a smile. “Please, everyone, break apart and then move toward your assigned choir chair. We must get started with our new songs tonight.”
Breck leans down and then kisses Lacey on the cheekbone, pulling back with a smile, spinning around and moves towards the bottom tier. He slowly climbs up to the bass section in the tiers. Cinco continues to sit beside Flamingo inside the bass section, looking up to stare at Breck. Flamingo continues to stare down at the floor in silence during a tense night of singing.
On the floor, the Music Director moves ahead with a smile and then blocks, curving an arm around the new teen. Lacey continues to stand in the middle of the floor holding an empty cookie tray with a smile. He turns and faces the tiers of teens. “Young belles and beaus, may I present our newest angel, Lacey Newton. She has joined our little musical family in shouting our praises of joyous songs to the Lord. Please, give her a soft round of applaud.”
Each teen claps with a soft sound inside the acoustic chamber.
The Music Director moves ahead toward his music stand while gently shoving Lacey toward the tier with the other teens.
Lacey moves ahead with a smile and then climbs up each steep tier, sitting down inside an empty chair, dropping the empty tray underneath the seat.
The other female singer shares her pieces of music sheets with Lacey, directing to the new song.
On top of the floor, the Music Director stops and stands in front of the music stand which faces the middle of the choir, grabbing and bangs his skinny baton on the music stand in the middle of the choir. “We will start the evening with a sweet sound of the words that had been written by the English post and clergyman John Newton. The piece of music had been first published in the year 1779 and was entitled Amazing Grace. Let us warm our heart and our vocal chords to the sweet melody.”
The set of pages sounds with numerous swishes, facing the appropriate song sheet.
He raises both arms near a stern face, swinging each arm outward toward the side wall and then brings each hand together for the first musical note of G.
The choir sings in unison the words. “Amazing grace. How sweet the sound. That saved a soul like me. I once was lost, but now am found. Was blind but now I see…”


Church parking lot
Nighttime with warm temperatures with bright stars and moonlight
Pickup truck setting of Break and Flamingo
08:18 pm


Right after the choir practice, Flamingo swiftly moves out from the music room before the other teens, exiting the building, strolling through the heated night. He stops and then touches the rear, dropping the metal tail gate down for sitting. However, he nervously stands in front of the tail gate at Breck’s parked pickup trunk.
Breck never has to lock his ride while residing within one of the safest communities in the State of Alabama.
Flamingo feels too excited, scared, and worried standing in the same place for two seconds.
Each church person exits the building with a smile and then enters a vehicle, driving back home and away from the church.
Earlier, Arie had parked on the opposite side within the dark side of massive church parking lot. She and Cinco had exited the church building while her son Cinco had hid her from the upcoming fight between Flamingo and Breck. Cinco had lied about Flamingo and Breck helping the music director with stacks of boxes for some purpose. Then Arie drove away without seeing her two sons but would see them at home before bedtime.
The door opens.
Breck escorts Lacey through the archway toward her pickup truck, stopping and then stands beside her driver’s door. He leans down and then slobbers in her face for a few second. They emerge with a smile. Lacey wiggles her hips and hands with a silly cowgirl performance of happiness. 
Then she enters the truck, cranking the engine, dropping the window and waves to her boyfriend, driving away from the church and back home to her father as she has never mentioned a mother.
On top of the pavement, Breck moves ahead toward his truck and his brother Flamingo.
At the tail gate, Flamingo stands upright in the middle of the metal, deciding where to slam a folded fist into Breck’s gut first and then pop the jaw line up towards heaven. But that will leave a nasty blue colored bruise within Arie’s.
Or Flamingo could perform the two-fisted wrecking ball maneuver, where both his hands are cupped and then swiftly rotate with a pair of parallel arms into the right side body of Breck, knocking his brother onto the pavement and beating his ass like Cinco had suggested.
Breck is right-hand dominate and favors his right side while fighting, dancing, and driving.
Flamingo knows his big bro too well. The powerfully surprise slap onto Breck’s left bicep will catch him off guard. Then Flamingo can knee Breck’s family jewelry while causing a high pitched song which should quickly subdue Breck in both a tiny voice and a folded body until Flamingo can drive both of them safely home. Flamingo will turn Breck over to Cinco for the final bleeding.
On top of the pavement at the church parking lot, Breck charges ahead with a stern face at his brother.
Flamingo stands in front of the tail gate, subtlety cupping his ten fingers together while stiffening both of his biceps for the sucker punch at his brother.
Breck struts ahead in a natural step while swinging both of his arms back and forth like he is strolling toward a picnic in the grassy park. Then he shoots out both his crooked arms from a bent elbow upright into his chest while blocking both swinging parallel arms on Flamingo, grabbing and twirls Flamingo in a completed circle, dancing away from the tail gate. Breck completes the circle and then drops Flamingo down on top of the lowered tail gate, hugging his brother while pinning the upper limbs on Flamingo and bad breath into Flamingo’s nostrils.
Breck laughs with an evil tone. “Wrecking ball maneuver, I taught you that self-defense move, son,” he exhales with a stern face, “Thanks, Flamingo, for helping Lacey. She is really appreciative of your actions and you and so I am, man.”
Breck releases Flamingo, sliding sideways, sitting on the tail gate next to his brother and leans over, draping an arm around Flamingo and wears a smile.
“What!” Flamingo gasps in alarm.
He smiles with a nod. “Lacey told me everything that happened today at school. It seems neither one of us had a good day. She was texting me all day asking about my disposition, so I met her at the Burger Hut on Kay Street after school, skipping football practice. I can kick a dang ball but needed to be with my girl. We ate and talked. Well, Lacey talked filling my eardrums mostly about you and your heroic deeds. I mean it. I’m really appreciative, man. I wished that I was in your AP classes to assist my girl Lacey, but I ain’t. So I’m glad that you are, man.”
“What!” Flamingo gasps in confusion.
He continued to hug Flamingo and swings both legs off the tail gate. “Yeah, I would beat Retta silly with my right fighting fist, but our mama taught me never to hit a girl, even though Retta is more a monster fledging than a human. Lookie! Thanks for giving each cute present to Lacey! She was tickled pink, well, tickled purple over my, well, your precious gifts. She thinks the world of me now. This worked out great for me. Mama wasn’t mad either. She and I had a good long talk about girls, guys, love, and marriage. Mama paid my overdraft, so I’m back in black. But if you steal my bank card again? This is my only verbal warning. I beat ya black and blue, Flamingo.”
“What!” Flamingo gasps in shock.
He chuckles. “I understand your angry feelings about me breaking a few of our home bound rules set by our precious mama. If the case how been reversed, then I’d have definitely done some serious damage to your body, boy. I’m not proud either. I deserve some punishment. So, I confessed about my lie to our mama. She wasn’t pleased with my childish behavior, but she understood as a teen girl, who had experienced her own first encounter with our daddy. They had been a pair of young and stupid teenagers too dealing with both Grandma and Grandpa Dunlap. She told me all about it too. Her words made me realize how much Lacey means to me in my life just like our daddy did within our mama’s life. Now, our daddy is gone from our mama and us. But we’re mama’s three guardian angels here on the planet. Ain’t that right, Flamingo?”
Flamingo grins with a nod. “Right, Breck.”
Breck releases Flamingo and then slides off, standing upright in front of Flamingo, extending a hand with a smile. “Are we cool, bro? I forgive and forget if you wanna do the same, since we’re standing here literally on top of holy ground at the church. And I’m glad that you’re my brother. I can’t live without you watching my back spine for both brotherly love and protection.”
Flamingo jumps down from the tail gate and leaps into the air, hugging his brother, pulling back with a smile. “Cinco expects a viciously fight along with a couple of hidden black forming bruises as we tote your unconscious body up the stairs and then slam you back down into your spot inside Pig Pen.”
He shoves Flamingo from his face, wearing a grin. “Between you and me, Cinco got all the brains and all the hearts from both our parents while leaving us a thin pile of slick bone and raw muscle…”
“That boy is smarter than the both us, rednecks. I’m glad that you’re my big bro too while watching over both of your baby brothers and our precious mama. Let’s go home and give Cinco an ass whipping for being the too goody-goody triplet!” Flamingo slams Breck on the chest, sliding sideways from his brother, entering into the passenger seat inside the truck.
Breck moves ahead and then stops, slamming the tail gate with a nod and an evil chuckle also.
They load back into the truck with a set of smiles and heads back home while laughing all the way.



Thursday August 28th


Hot temperatures with bright sunlight
Lacy Springs High School location
First period class
AP Chemistry classroom setting
07:55 am


Each teen parks a personal vehicle or exits from the school bus inside the parking lot, slowly moving into one of the classroom for the start of the school.
Breck leans over and then tenderly kisses Lacey at the open archway in her first period AP chemistry class, pulling back with a goofy grin and then moves through the open archway still holding Lacey while sneering at the first row in the first seat at AP student Retta Jean.
In the first seat Retta Jean sneers back at Breck. The current teen gossip flying around the school, Breck doesn’t like his girlfriend being harassed. 
Breck releases his girl Lacey. She spins around with a smile and then prances ahead toward her writing desk, sliding down into her chair, waving back at the open archway and Breck. He smiles at his girl and then spins around with a grin, dashing ahead toward his classroom.
The bell rings with a soft ding beginning the first period there at Lacy Springs High School.
In the Advanced Placement (AP) classroom, the chemistry teacher slides out from the teacher desk and stands upright, moving ahead in front of the classroom of students with a sneer, since she does not smile. “Good morning, Geniuses! I have received ninety-nine point ninety-nine percent of all the chemistry homework assignments for the next two weeks which carries us through chapter thirteen. Is the number thirteen an unlucky number? Maybe, for some students, it is,” her eyelashes swiftly darts toward Lacey and then back to see the room of students, sneering with a monotone timber. “Therefore, we will break some eggheads today while working on your individual science project for the Annual Science Fair which is held each spring. I would like to remind. If your project places first or second or third ribbon in either the physical or biological science category, then you will receive an A-plus for the spring term and will not be required to take the final examination in the academic course of physics.”
Each student softly claps with a smile and a nod.
Lacey rolls her eyeballs and then looks down to see her closed textbook.
The teacher sneers with a monotone timber. “As always, I am available to discuss your science project entry, since I have reserved the conference room across the hallway which is next to my private school office. Any and all geniuses are welcome to join me inside the conference room and discuss their individual science project entry and I have provided tray of fresh breakfast refreshments also,” she glances at the blonde hair roots on Lacey again. “However, if you need the current classroom time to finish your current assignments, please do so. You can work independently or in a group. If you have any questions, please come and see me. You may begin,” she holds a cup of steaming coffee and a sneer, turning to face the closed door. As she nears the door, it opens.
Each student slowly rises up from the writing chair and then abandons the writing table, standing in line. Then each student slowly exits the AP classroom, following behind the back spine on the teacher, moving across the hallway with a smile in silence for the upcoming discussion thread and delicious food items.
Flamingo and Lacey continue to sit alone inside the classroom.
On the next to last row, in the first chair, Lacey looks up with a smile and watches the last student that exits the room. The classroom door slowly closes shut. She whips her mobile telephone and then looks down, typing on the tiny screen with a giggle to Breck.
On the last row in the first writing desk, Flamingo leans over with a smile through the air space in the aisle, seeing her nose profile. “Lacey, how much of your homework assignments did you tackle last night, since all the answers are due tomorrow.”
She reads the tiny screen that holds a new text from boyfriend Breck, giggling with a grin, shoving her chemistry book toward Flamingo. “I’m doing good, so far, just a few more problems to finish.” She reaches down with a grin and then thumb-types a text message back to Breck.
He reaches out and grabs her closed chemistry textbook, opening the marked page, releasing a set of loose and crumpled up papers like one of Cinco’s homework assignment.
Lacey had not answered the rest of the questions in chapter four, when she and Flamingo had stopped on question two yesterday, after the school bell had rung for the beginning of period two which started the English Literature AP class.
He unfolds and then double-checks each crumpled up piece of paper that contains only a single hand-written answer without the formula or work coming from chapters one to three. He and Lacey had answered all those questions yesterday.
She stares down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone and giggles at the new message from Breck, typing out a response with a smile.
He grabs the crumpled up pieces of paper and points down with a confused brow at the ugly hand-writing, “Uh, Lacey. I’m not seeing a set of written answers for each question here in chapter four. Are there any additional papers inside your backpack by chance?” He looks down at the flattened purple and white checkered backpack that rests underneath her orange tinted cowgirl boots.
She skims both of her legs over the flattened backpack that contains flattened air molecules while continuing to giggle and read the tiny screen on her mobile telephone at each one of his clever texts. Then she reaches down and then thumb-types her response on the tiny keyboard with a smile. “I had no personal time for answering the other chemistry questions last night. I spent all of my valuable time baking a tray of delicious homemade chocolate cookies and attending my new choir practice at the church. I loved it. Breck loved it too. I love to sing like Breck,” she continues to giggle and then thumb-type on the tiny keyboard of her mobile telephone to Breck.
He exhales with confusion and stares at her nose profile. “Lacey, I had marked all the correct pages that held each correct answer yesterday during chemistry class. All you had to do was write out each answer on a new piece of lined paper that showed both the answer and the formula to complete your outstanding homework assignment.”
She looks up with a smile and crinkles her nose at Flamingo. “I was thinking about that. Why should I bother re-writing your answer here while wasting both of our time here during the class period? Why don’t you just find all the answers and then write each one down on a blank sheet of paper for me. Then I can re-write all of your answers at home during my spare time, so we can finish up all the questions, before the bell rings for second period of English Literature class. Is that okay with you, Flamingo?”
Her mobile telephone sounds with a ding for a new text message.
She looks down with a smile and then reads the text message from Breck.
He frowns at her nose profile with deep confusion. “You want me to find the answer for each question and then write down the answer on a set of new paper for each question here in class. Then you re-write all of my hand-written answers onto a set of new sheets of paper at home, so we don’t waste our time right now during chemistry class while learning the properties of chemistry, because that’s the reason for us as a pair of two studying students here in high school.”
She pushes her chair away from the desk and then props both of her boot heels on the top flat surface like watching a television program on the white board, smiling down into the tiny screen with a giggle at the next text message from Breck.
He taps his number two pencil on top of his closed chemistry book with a stern face, staring at her boot heels.
She ignores Flamingo and continues to smile down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone, reading all of Breck’s text messages. “You’re indeed a genius, Flamingo. Thanks so much!” She ends the one-side dialogue with a giggle.
He stares with a shocked brow at her boot heels, her naked and crossed kneecaps, and finally her ugly nose profile in silence.
Lacey continues to enjoy her fun with her mobile telephone and the clever text messages from Breck.
At his writing desk, Flamingo exhales with annoyance, enjoys no fun, and terribly dreads re-reading, re-finding, and re-writing each answer from questions in chapter four to eight. However, he had brilliantly thought with his IQ ahead and then photocopied all of his new homework assignments on the copier machine inside the library, supplying all the chemistry answers for chapters nine through twelve for Lacey with some dumb mental reason.
Lacey doesn’t seem to understand what she is required to do in terms of her daily homework assignments and apparently her own school work ethics, since Flamingo doesn’t understand the mental mind of Lacey either while sorting out all of his own mixed confused and anger teenly feelings inside his mind and his heart about the new cowgirl at LSHS.
Last night, Flamingo had verbally apologized to Breck for the stupid-ass action there at Lo-Mart store. Then Flamingo had rescued Lacey from each frustrated AP teacher in every AP course, in additional saving Lacey from Retta Jean’s brutal back stabbing attack during the lunch period.
Today, now, inside the AP classroom, in the first period chemistry course, Lacey doesn’t want to complete her own chemistry assignments but rather copy down all of Flamingo’s duplicate hard work while getting an easy letter grade of A in their shared chemistry class.
In the first seat on the last row, Flamingo softly chuckles while holding back an evil laugh, finding the answer to question number four inside her chemistry book. He writes down the math number five for the answer to question number five below question number four on her crumpled piece of paper, where they had started together answering each question yesterday.
Then he scribbles out a chemistry formula coming from the previous page in chapter four beside the math number five on chemistry question number five with a soft chuckle.
The answer to question number five is not right. Flamingo has hand-written down with the wrong solution with purpose and with reason and with viciously vengefulness.
At this moment, here inside his shared chemistry class, Flamingo doesn’t give a damn now or tomorrow or the rest of the school year, if new AP student Lacey makes the letter grade of A or the letter grade of F on the rest of her personal chemistry homework assignments as long as she is out of his backwards baseball cap foreverly.
He flips several pages backward and copies down another wrong-o formula for question number six while mentally noting that there are twenty questions at the end of each chapter inside the chemistry book. He still has to find and then write down an individual answer each question coming for chapters five through eight. That is ninety-four more questions to finish in less than fifty minutes of class time, before the school bell rings for the start of the second period Calculus Mathematics.
He quickly writes out another wrong-o formula on question number seven with another wrong answer: 26.
Then, he sniggers with deceive and then glances a pair of burning retinas at her nose profile but his invisible vision doesn’t melt off her ugly orange tinted cheekbone makeup.
Lacey continues to prop both boot heels on top of her writing desk while giggling with a grin at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone and virtually flirts with Breck.
Flamingo does not like with a touch hate her internal guts. He should tattle-tail to her boyfriend Breck for having to do all of her slave homework. But Flamingo and Breck had made up like a pair of secret lovers last night on top of the holy ground at the church. And Flamingo had stupidly promised to protect over Lacey while thinking that was a good deal last night.
Now, Flamingo doesn’t want to test their brotherly relationship again, after getting it a little singed from their burning firestorm yesterday. And he doesn’t want to instigate around round of angry with his older triplet brother Breck over a silly cowgirl, since Breck loves Lacey for some weird reason.
He nosily inhales and then exhales, plowing down into question number eight, flipping back pages while hunting for another wrong-o formula. He scribbles down the set of wrong answers on question number eight and then shifts both eyeballs to the next question.
He doesn’t realize how hard it is to make-up a set of fake answers, instead of calculating out the real ones.
Flamingo lifts another wrong formula from the wrong page inside the chemistry book for question number nine. His eyeballs look up and glance at the wall clock above the white board. Twenty-nine minutes of time remain before the new hour of nine o’clock.
He has been working on a set of fake answers for each real question, since a little after eight o’clock. So, it is taking him two full minutes per question to find and then copy down a wrong formula and then make-up a fake answer which shouldn’t take two whole minutes, but he keeps stopping to sneer at the shimmery blonde hair roots on Lacey.
She continues to lounge with both of her dirty boot heels on top of the flat surface and then text, reading each message while giggling with a grin, flirting with Breck on the tiny screen of her mobile telephone.
So, his fake answers, his scribbles, and his sneers are eating up the time clock on the forward wall. Flamingo decides not to snarl so much and then work faster, since there are 92 more questions to finish by nine o’clock at two minutes per question. It will take him 184 minutes of time which is over three hours of cheating with a set of wrong-o answers that need to be hand-written on a new sheet of paper now.
Flamingo has filled up the crumpled up page with the wrong answers and formulas. He slides the crumpled up sheet of page into the edge of her chemistry book, reaching over, flipping open his personal notebook and presents a new fresh clean page of paper with a soft growl.
“Shit!” Flamingo whispers out loud.
Lacey turns and smiles down into his nasty camouflage backwards baseball cap. “Is there anything wrong over there, dear?”
“Naw,” he sings in baritone music without bothering to address her concern, exhaling with more deep emotions of angry, hate and abuse of his person by a country bitch, where his mother continues to forewarn all her three sons.
He looks down and then flips backwards finding another wrong-o answer for question number ten, scribbling it down into his notebook and works diligently without sneering at her shimmery blonde tinted hair roots on Lacey.
Yesterday at school, Flamingo had helped Lacey out of the goodness of his heart while feeling terrible about the silly backpack incident with his fellow AP student Retta Jean. Then he had covered his ugly feelings implanting a cheating scheme with Lacey inside their shared AP World History course.
Earlier in the morning, Flamingo had embarrassed his brother Breck in front of their mother but he offered free assistance for Lacey in completing some of her in-house homework assignments.
AP means advanced placement for a teenager, who wants to attend college and become great, famous, and rich.
On the last row, in the first chair, AP student Flamingo looks up with a sneer and glances at her nose profile with mystery.
Lacey doesn’t fit the good USA student model but a slutty cute whore mold. Cinco had astutely observed the hidden personality on Lacey Tuesday evening while sitting both their asses on top of a hard metal bench in front of Lo-Mart Store waiting on Breck to finish licking her orange colored lipstick off his long pink tinted tongue.
On the last row, in the first chair, his eyeballs return back to see the open textbook in chapter five while looking for another fake formula for question number eleven, writing it down inside his notebook.
The school bell rings with a loud ding for the end of the first period class for each student.
Inside the last row, in the first chair, Flamingo drops down his number two pencil and then rips off the set of hand-written answers for chemistry chapter four and part of chapter five out from his notebook, after filling out the front page on a new piece of paper, because each AP teacher does not allow information to be printed on the rear page, since a college instructor practices with the same technique. Flamingo has 69 more questions to answer before completing the rest of Lacey’s chemistry homework.
The door slides open.
Lacey slides her propped boots out from the writing table while continuing to text Breck.
Each AP student returns back into the classroom, sliding down into their assigned writing desk.
The second bell sounds with a loud ding indicating the start of the second period.


Second period class
Calculus mathematics classroom setting
09:02 am


The calculus teacher enters into the room and then slides down into the shared teacher desk, spreading out the textbook, the calculator, and the papers across the flat surface. She looks up with a smile and stares at each student.
Flamingo adds the newly copied chapters of nine through twelve to the ripped off papers, sliding underneath the nostrils on Lacey.
Lacey frowns down at the invading hand with the stack of ugly paper, accepting the lumpy stack of papers. She reaches down and then lifts up the backpack, dumping down the ugly stack of papers into her empty purple and white checkered backpack, dropping it back down on the floor.
Flamingo leans over into the air space and stares at her nose profile. “Lacey, I have added in chapters nine to twelve in that stack of papers for you. So you need to re-write each one of my answers onto your own paper in your own handwriting by tomorrow morning when all your homework assignments are due.”
She looks up and then turns with a smile to see Flamingo. “You’re such a glittering gem stone, Flamingo. Breck talks non-stop about his awesomely smart bro, who’s going to a doctor and his other bro Cinco, who’s going to be a veterinary on his farm.”
Flamingo remains silence, since he and his brothers possess a special bond that no one person can understand.
She exhales. “Breck said that you would help me get a set of better grades, so I can stay in all of my AP courses, since my daddy would get very angry at me.”
He doesn’t know but wonders about her biological father, since she has suggested twice that her biological father would slap her face, if she is kicked out of the AP classroom.
She leans over the air space with a sweet smile. “I also need help with my calculus homework problems.”
He gasps in alarm, “Calculus! I’m still working on the next 69 questions from our shared chemistry class that I need to finish by two o’clock, before my football practice today,” he exhales with worry and scratches inside baseball cap at his sweaty hairline in nervousness. “How far behind are you with each one of your calculus homework assignments, Lacey?”
She shrugs a shoulder with a grin. “I just don’t get that tangent and co-sine thing. But you do, don’t ya, Flamingo?” She reaches over and then squeezes his cheekbone, giggling with a grin. “You’re so sweet like my man Breck. He talks non-stop about his mama telling me how sweet she is to all ya’ll.” She turns and stares at the white board. “I didn’t have a mama. I did, but she died. Now, it’s just me and my daddy. My mama was sweet too like your mama,” she returns back with a rolling single tear of sadness.
He gasps in alarm and then exhales with frustration. “I’ll work on your calculus problems here in class, since there are not twenty questions within each chapter, by gosh. We are only in chapter five, with mercy. And I’ll finish up the rest of your chemistry questions in my other AP classes as I am ahead in the advanced chapters, by goodness. Are they any other homework assignments that you need to finish by tomorrow morning at eight o’clock, Lacey? Because you’re going to need tonight to re-write out all my answers on a new set of paper in your own personal hand-writing. Do you understand me?”
“Of course, I do, Flamingo dear,” she returns back with a smile, dropping her mobile telephone down underneath the writing table away from the eyeballs on the calculus teacher, typing on the tiny screen to Break with a giggle.
The calculus teacher clears a throat. “We will pick up in chapter five. Please open your textbook. Someone explain the answer to number one to the class please.”
In the last row, in the first chair, Flamingo returns back with a soft growl and then opens up his calculus book, working on question one in chapter one, flipping back the pages to find another wrong-o answer for each one of her homework assignments.


Fifth period class
AP World History classroom setting
01:50 pm


The school bell rings out loud for ending the fifth period.
On the next to last row, in the first chair, Lacey slides off the seat without pushing the chair back into the table as her father should have taught. She dashes ahead with a smile toward the closed doorway.
The door automatically slides open.
Breck stands outside extending both arms, greeting with a warm hug and captures, swinging Lacey in a circle inside the empty hallway.
Each AP student enjoys staying inside the classroom debating each scientific and social theorem before scooting into their assigned study hall environment.
On the last row, in the first chair, Flamingo slides off the chair and then leans down, gathering up each textbook for his set of current homework assignments tonight at his house. He had spent every minute in each course completing the homework assignments in the subjects of chemistry, calculus, and sociology for Lacey.
He slowly moves head through the crowded room and shakes his backwards baseball in confusion, stopping and stands in front of Breck and Lacey, handing off a large stack of rippled off notebook papers. He fakes a smile at the rear skull on Lacey. “Here you go, Lacey!”
She pulls back from the warm arms on Breck and then spins around, jumping onto the upright body on Flamingo. Flamingo holds his backpack with one hand and the stack of ripped papers in the other hand.
She continues to hang on Flamingo, leaning over, lightly pecking his soft cheekbone.
Flamingo continues to stand in place with a loud gasp of alarm.
Breck stands in place and then growls at Flamingo, reaching out, jerking Lacey away from Flamingo. She gracefully twirls into Breck’s biceps, winking at Breck with a giggle.
Breck continues to growl at his brother Flamingo.
She pats his shirt with a smile. “Calm down, boy!” She turns and smiles at Flamingo, who stands in place.
Breck continues to snarl at Flamingo.
She giggles. “He’s a dreamboat, Breck. Flamingo helped me all day with all of my homework assignments. Now, I’m in good to go with all my school work.”
Breck stops the snarl and then gasps at Flamingo. “Flamingo, he has spent all day helping you with all of your past due homework assignments. What about your own high school AP classroom assignments for today, bro?” 
Flamingo works on homework assignments every night, where each AP student receives tons of homework, not only for the day, but at nighttime while challenging their bright IQ.
That’s why both Cinco and Breck had ditched the AP route opting for the easy regular class schedule, where Breck maintains the letter grade of A in every academic course. But Breck could not vie for a school valedictorian, since each AP student fights intellectually for that the letter grade of A-plus-plus ranking.
Breck frowns. “Is that all true, Flamingo?”
Flamingo lifts up his backpack into the air near his nipple and then pats the fabric which is filled with every academic textbook from each one of his AP courses, saying with a wink to Breck. “I got all my books right here and lots of homework to do tonight. That’s for dang shore.”
Cinco appears and then slams into the back spine on Breck for part fun and part annoyance, scooting around, bad breathing into the nose profile on Breck. “Get moving, right now, for football practice, Breck. I don’t wanna be late for our football practice,” he turns and sneers at Flamingo. “You, too, get moving for football practice, Flamingo.” He has invaded the huddle ensuring that both Breck and Flamingo aren’t fighting first. Second, Lacey attends her own study hall environment, since she has finished all of her AP classes and Breck doesn’t go off with her back to the Burger Hut for food again, because Breck needs to be a football practice.
Breck leans over with a smile and hugs Lacey, “Gimme a kiss.”
She kisses him.
Cinco reaches out and pulls on the rear shirt on Breck to attend football practice.
Breck pulls back with a smile and a whisper. “Do you remember? You can text me when I get home, only once.” She nods in silence. He smiles. “And one time again at ten o’clock when we all go to bed, since these are my mama’s new but flexible rules for the rest of the week. I’ll soften her up over the weekend, so I can call you on Saturday morning.”
She frowns. “Baby, I’ll miss you until tomorrow morning in the student parking lot.”
“You’ll see me at the football game,” Breck smiles.
She frowns. “I see you only playing football at the game, since you can’t go out and party, after the winning victory game…”
He frowns. “I’m sorry, honey pie. The football game is away from the school. The football team comes back to the school grounds inside the school bus with the rest of the football team around eleven o’clock. Then we all go back home which is…”
“Another one of your mama’s rule, she has too many rules for a young boy like you…”
“I love my mama. My mama makes all the rules, because she loves and cares for us. I always obey my mama, Lacey. Didn’t you always obey your daddy?” Breck frowns.
She nods with a smile. “Sure thing, baby! I do that too,” Lacey turns and frowns at Cinco and then Flamingo, looking back at Breck with a smile. “How about I come over on Saturday morn…”
“No!” Breck gasps. “You can’t. I….” he turns and stares at Flamingo, who thumbs back toward the football field. Then Cinco and Flamingo move ahead together leading all of them toward the exit archway.
Breck returns back to see Lacey, hugging her into his chest and then twists both of their bodies around, moving ahead toward the exit archway that leads outside the building toward the football field. He leans down and whispers over her blonde tinted hair roots. “I have plans with my family this weekend.”
She stares ahead with a sour frown at the back spine on Flamingo and then Cinco, who continue to move ahead and elbow each other with a set of loud chuckles. She exhales with annoyance. “You need to include me, sweetie. I wanna meet your mama that gives so many rules to her first born son.”
He whispers over her hair roots with care without each brother overhearing. “I can’t do that. We have a pre-planned event that only includes me, Cinco, and Flamingo for the weekend.”
Flamingo stops. Then Cinco stops with a confused brow. Flamingo and Cinco twirls around with a chuckle. Flamingo tosses a blue ink pen into Breck’s face as he laughs with Cinco.
Breck stands upright from Lacey with a gasp and then flings the tiny weapon from his face, down onto the ground while sneering at his brother.
Flamingo turns with a smile to see Cinco, pointing at Breck with a nod. “That right there is why the man is not a running back. He can’t catch shit, only give grieve.” They both laugh and then swirl around, elbowing each other with a set of chuckles strolling towards the gymnasium.
Breck reaches down and then retrieves the blue colored ink pen, standing upright with a sneer, placing inside his personal backpack.
Lacey leans into his face with a whisper. “If your mama is not coming to this pre-planned event and it only involves your two brothers, then I can come and tag along with you. Is that okay, honey bunny?” then she and he can be alone together on a Saturday night and away from his bossy mother and his two nosy brothers. She smiles. “I can come over to your house, so you don’t have to bother with picking me up for the pre-planned special event. Then I can finally greet and meet your mama.”
Breck slowly moves ahead and stares at the back spine on each one of his brothers, shaking his cropped hair with a sour frown. “No, Lacey. This is…”
“…a secret…” She stops and then stomps her cowgirl boot with a sneer. “Why are you keeping a secret from me? I’m your girl.”
He leans down with a smile and cuddles her, moving ahead toward the gymnasium for football practice. “No, Lacey. This is a personal family thing.”
“How is it a family thing without your mom? I don’t like you going anywhere without me or your mom there to supervise you, Breck.” She pulls away from his cuddles and crossed both arms with a sour frown in silence.
“This is approved by my mama, Lacey.”
She smiles. “Then can I come over to your house on Sunday morning and meet your mama? She’ll like me. I can tell.”
He reaches up and scratches his whiskers with a stern face. “On Sunday afternoon, after church service, we’re hosting the Annual Muddin’ Race on our farm property. But you can come and ride with me inside my pickup truck. Do you wanna do that?”
She moved ahead and bounces up and down with a smile and a nod. “Of course, I do, sweetie! What’s a mud…?”
“Breck!” Cinco stops ahead of the love birds and then spins around with a sneer, shouting out loud to Breck. “Let’s get to football practice right now!”
Breck leans down and then pecks her lips, tasting the nasty orange tinted lipstick, pulling back with a smile. “Tomorrow morning, I’ll tell you all my secrets inside the student parking lot. I gotta go now. Have a set of sweet dreams, honey!”



Friday August 29th


Hot temperatures with parted clouds
First period class
AP Chemistry classroom setting
08:04 am


Another heated day, in Alabama, where each academic student sits inside a cool air-conditioned classroom studying their textbooks.
The chemistry teacher stands in front of the class, greeting with a sneer in a monotone timber. “Good morning, Geniuses! Please pass up any remaining homework assignments for your final weekly grade this week.” She moves ahead and then stops, standing at the first seat on the first row.
Retta Jean shakes her curls without providing a stack of stapled papers with a stern face.
Each AP student had provided a set of stapled papers for the new chapters on Monday morning. This weekend, each AP student would work on the next set of chemistry chapters for presenting the homework assignments next week. 
The teacher slowly slides in front of each row without receiving a stack of stapled papers and then stops in front of lacey, wearing a sneer with a monotone timber. “Miss Newton, may I please have all of your homework assignments for chapters one to twelve this morning.”
“Yes ma’am.” Lacey reaches down with a smile and touches her boot toes, lifting up the tiny purple and white checkered backpack on top of the desk surface, dragging out a set of paper, handing the pile to her teacher.
The teacher accepts the stack of non-stapled papers with an ugly raised eyebrow, slowly shuffling and then stands in front of Flamingo.
Flamingo presents a stack of stapled papers that contain all the answers from chapters thirteen to fifteen. 
Last night, he had hustled home and then worked in each AP subject. For the first time he had been behind with all of his AP homework assignments, because he had always been the first one to turn in all the completed chapters, before any other student.
However, yesterday, he had been sidetracked by dumb-belle Lacey without completing the in-class assignments.
Last night, the atmosphere inside Pig Pen was extremely quiet. Arie had allowed the roaming teenly hormones on Breck to run their course on Wednesday morning, noon, and night. The Thursday evening, the triplets had been required to finish football practice, bath, and then change for the supper time meal. After the suppertime meal, they had obediently stomped up inside Pig Pen and completed their individual homework assignments.
Breck has been allowed to text on his mobile telephone a ‘hello’ message and then a ‘goodnight’ text message to his girl Lacey. Then Cinco and Breck had spent the remaining hours studying for their individual academic tests and also quietly wrapping up the weekend Labor Day celebration with the plans for the Annual Muddin’ Race here in Lacy Spring.
Inside the AP classroom, on the last row, in front of Flamingo, the teacher sneered on the left side of her lip down at the new stack of stapled papers coming from her brilliant senior. She slowly back stepped from Flamingo and then spins around, moving ahead on a pair of dull and polished low-heels back to the teacher’s desk. She swings around and sits down with a sneer, facing the room of students. “Since all of your current homework assignments have been completed, I would like for one of my genius students to present their science project to the rest of entire class. There were lots of different theorems being postulated yesterday inside the conference room. I heard several excellent working theories. Now, who would like to entertain our class for a while with your brilliant science idea?”
Flamingo turns and smiles at the rows of studious and quite students. No AP student feels ready to address their science project now. However, he had spent every waking minute between his supper and his bedtime completing all of his AP homework assignments along with a working theory for his personal science project. Flamingo greatly desires to skip the final examination as he is a senior and is really tried of studying at the high school level. He is eager to graduate from high school and entertain all the challenges in college environment.
Now, if he could win one of the colored ribbon prizes in the annual LSHS Science Fair, he would easily accomplish that task.
Flamingo stands upright from the chair with a smile and holds a piece of white poster board, moving ahead and stops, spinning around to face his classmates. He jerks a hand-drawn poster board in front of his chest, saying with a smile. “I call my project, the ‘Weird and Beautiful World of Fluid Dynamics.’ In the field of physics science, the study of fluid dynamics is a sub-principle of fluid mechanics that deals with fluid flow of liquids and gases which includes the study of air used in calculating natural forces upon an aircraft and a missile that determines mass flow rate in various properties of fluid including velocity, pressure, density, and temperature as a function of both space and time.” He turns and nods to the chemistry teacher. She sneers with a nod back.
He turns with a smile and points at his homemade diagram.



>(     )<
---->



“In this semi-round shape which assumes a viscous medium passing from left to right, my art work shows the pressure distribution represents the thickness of both of the black curves with the velocity within the boundary layers inside each colored blue arrow. I plan to illustrate in my science project the effects of a parent shell that flies along with two babies within a 3D model that shows the impact of a projectile in both design and explosion on three targeted site, all simultaneously. The fluid dynamics law is a set of Euler equations that govern inviscid flow which were named after Leohard Euler. He published a scientific article in the city of Berlin, in the year 1757, which was called ‘Principles of Fluid Movement,’ since that’s the best I can figure out based on my rudimentary Germany language skills,” laughing.
Each AP student softly claps with a nod and a chuckle to Flamingo.
Flamingo continues to explain his brilliant idea with a smile for the upcoming spring Annual Science Fair.


Fifth period class
AP World History classroom setting
01:04 pm


The classroom door automatically slides open.
Principal Marshall stands inside the open archway with a stern face, calling out loud. “Mr. Balegreen, could I see you for a moment, please?”
On the last row, in the first chair, Flamingo jerks up a worried brow to see the open archway, after hearing his formal name and then immediately worries. His heart drops down and thumps near his naked toes that something bad has happened to his brothers Cinco and Breck.
Cinco and Breck attend the same school but sit in a different classroom. Usually, Breck and Cinco sit in the rear of the room on the last row along with the rest of the offensive and defensive football players while making a set of soft stupid animal grunts, teasing each cute girl, and pretty much having fun and acting goofy.
On the last row, in the first chair, Flamingo addresses with his southern gentleman manners to an elder citizen like his mama has taught him. “Yes sir.”
Marshall nods to Flamingo and then back steps from the open archway, moving ahead toward a small conference room across the hallway.
Flamingo slides off the chair and then swiftly dashes across the floor with worry exiting the AP classroom.


Conference room setting
01:06 pm


Flamingo rushes through the open archway inside the conference room.
Marshall sits down at the table that shows three stacks of paper on top of the hard surface, pointing at the opposite chair for Flamingo.
He holds his breathe with anticipation and then slides down into the empty chair, staring at the principle. His mind wanders with worry thinking that something bad has happened to his mother at the cow ranch as and his body is inside the smaller and private conference room for a private conversation with Principal Marshall.
Marshall exhales with a huff of annoyance, saying with a sour frown to Flamingo. “Mr. Balegreen, I have been informed that you are assisting Miss Newton with her daily homework assignments.”
He exhales his breathe with terrible relief, nodding in silence. “I have…”
Marshall holds upright his palm with a stern face. “Please do not interrupt me, Flamingo,” he has used the nickname for the AP student Breck Freehurst Balegreen, the fourth. “Please, allow me to tell the story. Then I will allow you to rebuttal. Is that alright, Flamingo?”
He nods in silence and ponders the reason. But somehow this lecture includes ‘Loser Lacey.’ Yesterday, at school, Lacey had acted like a country princess and had not completed her daily homework assignment during class time and also had not participated in her daily school session. She had continued to type on the tiny screen on her mobile telephone to Breck between each bell ring. Then she ate lunch with Breck which was also against the school rule and finally she had returned late for her fourth period class from the lunchtime meal.
The other AP students and also each teacher had turned and stared at Flamingo, such like, he was her father or the authority figure over Lacey inside the AP classroom.
Inside the conference room, Marshall smiles. “I am proud that you have taken upon the task of aiding Miss Newton. I encourage our most brilliant students to mentor the confused younglings.”
Flamingo nods in silence.
Marshall frowns. “But I find that I’m rather confused, Flamingo. I have been asked to review all the chemistry homework assignment for Miss Newton and I have found a few startling discoveries. First, the hand writing on each homework assignment paper is not the writing of Lacey. It clearly belongs to your neat penmanship…”
“Uh!” Flamingo gasps and then parts his lips to address that statement.
Marshall holds up a palm with a stern face which stops flamingo’s soft grunts. “Second, your hand written answers passed with eighteen percent correct which is not the high end of the accumulated percentage total of your usual outstanding homework grid. Third, you have failed terribly with your personal goal of increasing Miss Newton’s academic baseline. Instead, she is facing definitely a day inside my Detention Row along with a possible demotion back into the regular classroom with the other average students,” he slides one stack of crumpled papers toward Flamingo for reviewing.
Flamingo looks down to see the first page on top of the crumpled stack of papers with a gasp. The first page on the stack shows the answer in his neat penmanship for question four which has been marked with the letter of X in red ink indicating a wrong-o answer.
Marshall exhales with frustration, staring down at the same piece of paper. “Along with all the chemistry homework assignments, I have discovered with each AP teacher that Miss Newton’s calculus mathematics homework assignment in your neat penmanship passed with zero percent correctness. All her homework assignment that had been turned into today with all of her sociology questions is also marked with the letter of F, for failure. Now, would you like to rebuttal with me your vocal responses?”
Flamingo continues to stare down at the first page on the crumpled stack of papers while gathering his set of mentally thoughts for his academic defense.
Marshall continues to stare down with a stern face at the nasty looking camouflage green, tan, and beige colored backwards baseball cap.
Flamingo looks up with a stern face to see Marshall. “I started to explain each academic question during our class time together, because Lacey was required to present the homework assignments for numerous chapters, since she began the school session late. Then, we worked together on the previous questions in class. By chapter four in chemistry class, Lacey was still having difficulty comprehending all of the scientific material. I guess while I was explaining the problem, I missed and then placed the answer at the wrong question for chapters four through eight. Then, I give Lacey a copy of my homework assignment for chapters nine through twelve, so she could study independently from me. In my defense Principal Marshall, I am a student, too, not a teacher. I feel that Lacey needs some extra, extra academic instruction in the subject of chemistry and maybe some of her other AP classes, as well.”
Marshall exhales with a huff of frustration. “So, you also assisted Miss Newton with the cheating scheme during the World History bonus questions, where she had earned an extra two hundred points, so she could make a passing grade in that particular advanced placement academic class also.”
Flamingo gasps in alarm. Another AP student had spied on both Flamingo and Lacey during AP World History course. The spying AP student was Retta Jean, who was both a smartie and a smart ass, proving that she would be an excellent future animal veterinary at Balegreen Cow Ranch.
Flamingo nods with a stern face. “I will not lie. I kinda hinted at the item that could’ve been the right answer for the posed question while Lacey figured out the right one on her own and then she passed that particular quiz, receiving the extra two hundred points in our shared AP World History course.”
Marshall nosily clears his throat with a smile. “I have mentioned before I encourage our brighter students to assist the more academically challenged ones and I’m happy to see that you have made a gallant effort, Flamingo. And I have already talked to Miss Newton. She has agreed to surrender the two hundred points in your shared AP World History course while admitting that you aided her in the cheating scheme. I am very glad that you have admitted that academic sin, Flamingo. Or I would have been forced to opt with a different option within my administrative hands.”
“What different option, sir?” He gasps in worry.
Marshall waves a hand with a stern face. “I have decided a particular re-course for your mischievous action which is in total agreement with all of your AP academic teachers. And we have collectively decided that you, Flamingo will review and re-work with Lacey on each AP chemistry problems from chapter four through eight. You will illustrate each remaining problem in chapters nine through twelve along with explaining and correcting all the problems in your shared AP calculus mathematics course and all the questions in your shard AP sociology course. You have scored a perfect one hundred points on all of your AP academic tests, because you are one of our top thirteen valedictorians for the springtime graduation while making your mama very proud along with me.”
Flamingo smiles. “Thanks. But Principal Marshall, how exactly and when am I supposed to review and re-work with Lacey in the subject of chemistry, calculus, and sociology?”
“When I was a teen in school, I want over to my buddy’s house as we worked together solving our math and science homework. You can perform the same technique.”
Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap and both of his palms near a frown. “No sir, Principal Marshall. My mama doesn’t allow another teenager from here in Lacy Springs on the evenings of Monday through Thursday over to her house. That’s one of her first teenage rules since I obey my mama first, before any other authority figure. I can’t go to anyone’s else house, since I’m required for attendance at the suppertime meal and the all of my homework duties at nighttime.”
He frowns. “Hmm! I haven’t thought of Arie in my equation. She is an independent woman, your mother. No one can change her mind or her rules and I know how she shepherds her three sons.”
“Yes sir. You know my mama very well.” Flamingo smiles. “Might I suggest that Ret…”
“Retardo Jean, yes, that other teenly incident has been brought to my attention also which I do not like either. From the teen gossip line, you seemed to have handled the tart matter without any physical repercussions, this time, Flamingo. But I would rather you inform your current academic teacher of any improper childish behavior that is conducted by an AP student which allows me to be the judge and jury of the next encounter. Do I make myself clear, son!”
“Yes sir.” Flamingo nods with a stern face.
He smiles. “That is an excellent decision, Flamingo. Now, to settle my current dilemma, it has been decided by me and all of your AP teachers that both a reward and a punishment will be implemented due to your cheating incident and your missed-stepped academic answers. You will assist Miss Newton with each incorrect chemistry problem and each incorrect calculus problem along with one research paper in AP World History, English Literature, and Sociology to keep Lacey here inside the AP program. I know that you are working with Lacey which will guarantee her at least the letter grade of B while making all of us happy. But Arie…”
Flamingo nods with a grin. “Retta Jean is an excellent teacher, Principal Marshall. Between you and me, Lacey’s father could pay an hourly wage to Retta Jean for some desperately needed additional academic tutoring, since I know my mama. And my mama is not going to allow me to assist Lacey, even if I explain how I hinted at the right answers in our shared AP World History class. My mama will not alter her motherly rules regarding her three precious baby rednecks,” he slaps a set of ugly words virtually against Marshall’s smug smile.
He frowns at the real truth and then exhales with more frustration. “I will take that wise advice under consideration, since Retta Jean does equal your academic fight for the lead valedictorian position, also. But you did not hear me say those words. Okay, Flamingo.”
Flamingo smiles and holds that secret dear, even though the school will award thirteen other AP seniors with the same honor and the same type of academic scholarship to Burn U or Bam U, this summer.
He exhales with worry. “Second, I want to warn that a couple of the AP teachers had suggested that you should be suspended from tonight’s football game. Of course, I couldn’t rule on that silly asinine suggestion. But Coach and the other AP teachers greatly disagreed with a healthy set of lungs with the suspension, since you’re our superstar quarterback, who will take us to the Playoff games, again, this year, Flamingo. But, please don’t perform this type of behavior, again, Flamingo. Once is forgiven, but twice is…”
“Burned.” Flamingo frowns.
He nods. “Yes, you understand thoroughly. Now, you can run along back to your class. I will meet with all the AP teachers and present that new prospect of Retta Jean tutoring Miss Newton, next week. Since, Miss Newton needs immediate academic sessions for her continued AP good performance. Thanks for your time, Flamingo!” He stands upright from the chair and leans over, extending a hand.
Flamingo stands upright from the chair with a smile shaking the hand, releasing the shake and spins around with a frown, exiting the conference room.


AP World History classroom setting
01:18 pm


Flamingo rushes back with a smile into the AP classroom.
The World History teacher stands outside the open archway, staring at Marshall. Marshall follows the back spine on Flamingo out from the conference room and then stops, standing in front of the teacher. They slowly bump heads with a set of secret whispers about Flamingo.
Flamingo has gotten out of assisting Loser Lacey with any more of her numerous academic assignments. And he has successful coupled Loser Lacey and Retardo Jean, a twofer.
Flamingo has been cleared but is guilty with his cheating scheme, but Breck will be a very happy teen that his girlfriend will receive some additional tutoring sessions and continue stay here in the AP classroom, a threefer.
Flamingo slides down into his writing desk, slapping both palms over the open textbook with a soft chuckle and a grin, staring at the white board on the forward wall with his victory.
Lacey leans over the air space with a sad face into the nose profile on Flamingo. “I’m so sorry. It got you into trouble here in class, Flamingo. I am honest, since I do not lie. My daddy would be mad for me, if I ever lie.”
He shakes his backwards baseball cap and turns with a stern face to see Lacey. “Naw. I didn’t get into much trouble. There’s not too much harm here. But you must study a lot more with all of your academic courses. Principal Marshall is very serious about your AP grades here in this classroom. You gotten understand that all the monetary funding is based on the total average GPA of every high school student grade. So, one single high school student can lower the overall GPA. Then our high school won’t receive any additional state monies from the governor.”
She gasps. “Wow! How come you know so much about the monetary funding of our shared AP classes and the high school, Flamingo?”
“I don’t know. I just do.” He had learned about the AP structure from his mother Arie and his grandfather Robert Earl Balegreen, who had been instrumental in building an advanced placement program with their personal wealth ten years ago, when Flamingo and his brothers were in elementary school, so the entire community could benefit from the minds of geniuses also.
“I’m impressed. I got the right cowboy to help me with all of my new academic homework assignments,” she winks with a giggle at Flamingo.
Lacey doesn’t know yet, that she is going to be tutored by Retta Jean. Flamingo grins. “I am not going to tutor you, babe.”
She nods with a grin. “Yes, you are so. Principal Marshall says so to me, honey.”
He shakes his backwards baseball cap with a grin. “I am not allowed to leave the cow ranch for any reason, Lacey. Those are my mama’s rules, kitten,” he winks at her.
She smiles with a nod. “And a rule can be broken at any time, darling.”
He grins, “No ma’am. No one breaks any of my mama’s house rules.”
She pouts. “Principal Marshall will talk to your mama about me. So I’ll be coming over to your house for all of my academic homework assignments staring tomorrow afternoon.”
He looks down and flips the pages inside the textbook, viewing the next chapter. He will complete the rest of the unanswered questions tonight at home as he could not finish with Lacey mouth spitting on his cheekbone. “That’s not happening, tonight or tomorrow afternoon, baby. My mama doesn’t allow a teenager to come over to the cow ranch on Monday through Thursday nights.”
She giggles. “Your mama doesn’t allow a teenager to visit your house on Monday through Thursday evenings. This is Friday night. So I can come over right after my school session at three o’clock or so.”
“Friday night is also a football game for the school and the football players and the cheerleaders and the band members,” he scribbles down the answer to question number one from the textbook.
She frowns with a whisper at his nose profile. “O yeah, that’s right. So, I can come over first thing Saturday morning. I’m up and awake around seven in the morning.”
He stares down into the textbook and studies the new question with a stern face, “Naw.”
“Well, I can come over later on Saturday night, before my date with Breck.”
He looks up and turns with a grin to see Lacey. “Has Breck asked you someplace for a date this Saturday night, darling?” Under marching orders from his mother Arie and his grandmother Reese Dunlap, the triplets are required to babysit the two brats on Saturday tomorrow night. Flamingo knows Breck has a date with someone else for the upcoming teen party at Aunt Aurora’s house, which is not Lacey.
She gasps. “No.”
He chuckles. “Breck won’t either. We got handed down a family mission from my Grandma Dunlap.”
She frowns. “Is that a new teacher here in the classroom? I don’t know the name.” Lacey turns and scans the empty room with a puzzled brow.
He chuckles into her nose profile. “Grandma Dunlap is my mama’s mother. She has arranged and dictated the Saturday evening family event.”
She smiles. “O! The pre-planned event, that’s means it’s a fun teenager party. I definitely wanna come and have fun too,” laughing.
He continues to smile at her in silence.
She nods. “You can tell me the secret party place, darling.”
He continues to grin at her in silence.
She grins. “I’m good at keeping a secret, babe.”
He looks back to see the page with the questions, tapping his pencil on the desk surface with a stern face. “I bet you are, darling.”
“Where is the teen partying located here in Lacy Spring?”
He says to the textbook page. “This is a family affair party place, Lacey. I just mentioned that to your face.”
She flips a hand near her smile. “Awe! You’re such a tease, sweetie. Where is the fun teen party located here in Lacy Spring? Can I come by for a few minutes, honey?”
He says to the textbook page again. “Did Breck invite you to the family affair party place, darling?”
“No.”
“Well then, you can’t come…”
“Wonder if, I needed to contact Breck for an emergency as I am his girl and everything.”
He exhales with annoyance. Lacey is not going to stop asking her nosy questions until she gets a real or a fake answer. Flamingo does not want to tell anymore fake answers or a set of false lies. A false lie causes serious trouble for him and his brothers. He stares down with a stern face at the page with the questions. “The family affair party place is located at my Aunt Aurora’s house.” Lacey would never dare to find and then invade a resident of a person that she does not know.
She turns with a smile and writes the name on the paper. “Where is your Aunt Aurora’s house located here in Lacy Spring?”
He exhales with a sour frown and continues to stare down at the page of questions. “My Aunt Aurora’s house is located on Wiljoy Street which is straight down passed my church…”
She looks up from the notepad with a smile to see his nose profile. “O! How delicious for me! Your Aunt Aurora’s house is very close to me. I live at 234 Primeau Drive…”
“Your house is located two miles south of my church.”
Lacey giggles into his nose profile. “Don’t you see and hear me? I don’t bite on ya, baby doll,” she turns back to see the desk surface, whipping out her mobile telephone, hiding the devise underneath the long writing desk as she scans the address near the church and searches for Flamingo’s Aunt Aurora’s house. The hunt is not hard with all the available internet information and geographical navigational features.
“You only sting me like a bee, honey pie,” Flamingo whispers for his eardrums only while finally working on his new classroom assignments.



Saturday August 30th


Hot temperatures with dull sunlight and parted clouds
Home property Aunt Aurora and Uncle Moe
   with daughters Asa and Alina
Living room setting
06:06 pm


The triplets invade Aunt Aurora on time. Aurora and her husband Moe leave from the house on time, attending the gala function until midnight.
Breck escorts both his young nieces into the den space and then returns back into the living room space, after setting up the movie player with one of the girly movies that shows princesses and tiaras for his two young nieces. He stops and then leans down, snuggling one of the collar bones on Flamingo, viewing an open whiskey bottle and an open litter of dark soda. “What are you making there, bro?”
Flamingo stands in front of the bar counter and carefully stirs the two dark liquids together inside a small glass tumbler with an evil grin. “I’m preparing a night cap for each tiny brat.”
Cinco stands on the opposite of Flamingo and the bar counter with a grin, reaching out and grabs one of the mixed glass tumbler, tossing his skull backwards, downing the small amount of liquid with a loud cough. He drops his chin even with floor, wiping off the wet lips with the back of his hand. “The beverage contains too little whiskey.”
“Serving a set of minors with an ounce of illegal alcohol, are we?” Breck chuckles.
Flamingo reaches over and retrieves a new tumbler from the bar shelf, replacing the tumbler of liquid that Cinco has tainted with his mouth germs.
Breck sneaks his hand around Flamingo’s waistline, stealing the second mixed beverage, tossing the mixtures of whiskey and soda into his open mouth and swallows, pondering the mixture. “The beverage contains too much whiskey.”
Flamingo exhales with annoyance and then reaches over collecting another new glass tumbler, replacing the second tainted one with Breck’s sour germs. “Look! I’m the future medical physician here, because I know what I am doing, ya’ll,” he chuckles with Cinco.
Breck brushes his whiskers against the cheekbone on Flamingo, pulling back with a smile. “And I am the future legal lawyer, because I know that I ain’t the one going to jail tonight,” he chuckles with Cinco.
“Where did you learn to mix up a tiny night cap for a tiny girl, Flamingo?” Cinco polishes off a third tiny glass tumbler of soda and whiskey that Flamingo uses to measure the non-prescribed alcoholic drug for the girls, wearing with a goofy grin.
Flamingo frowns and then reaches for a new tumbler. He pours more whiskey into the dark liquid, for a set of new mixed beverages. “Based on the percentile rankings of both height and weight on each child, Alina ranks in twenty-fifth percentile in weight and fifty-percentile in height…”
“Alina is a skinny kid like her daddy,” Breck smiles.
“Asa is ranked in the seventy-fifth percentile in weight and twenty-seventh percentile in height.” Flamingo works and measures the alcohol in the first glass tumbler.
“Asa is a fat kid like her mama.” Breck grins.
“All data flows from the medical blog on the internet and then into my skull.” Flamingo measures the dark soda.
“The internet displays everything about anything that you would ever wanna know even the height, length, and wide measurements of all the current empty Lacy Springs jail cell prison rooms.” Breck chuckles with Cinco.
Cinco admires the dark soda and whiskey in the tiny tumbler. “I told you it is too weak…”
“No. it is not too weak for the two young brats,” Flamingo gently shifts the second tumbler from Cinco’s wandering hands.
“Too weak, let me do it.” Cinco reaches for the whiskey bottle.
“I’m the pretend medical doctor here tonight. Go and get your own assassin weapons, Cinco. The kitchen is located behind your butt-hole.” Flamingo lifts up the two glass tumblers, checking the height of each dark liquid, shaking his backwards baseball cap. He gently drops each tumbler down on top of the counters and then pours a half of cup sugary soda and then releases two full eye drops of corn whiskey down into the same small tumbler. He mixes the double ingredients with the spoon while finishing with a smile. “Call the girls to come into the living room here, Breck.” He rushes the task, since his date is due any minute at the front door.
Aurora and Moe had left thirty minutes ago for their nightly social function. The unused time gives Flamingo two hours and thirty minutes of fun with his new cowgirl while the two brats sleep from the small amount of alcohol inside the guest bedroom during the wild fun teen party.
“Ass-a, is that a shorten version for ass or asshole like her mama?” Cinco laughs.
“Ay-sah,” Breck yells out loud for his niece Asa using her real pronunciation into Flamingo’s eardrum for fun. Flamingo continues to stand in front of the bar counter with a sneer. Breck smiles at Cinco. “Asa was name created by a king of Judah in the Old Testament which means a healer.”
Flamingo cringes from the vocal attack into his eardrum.
Inside the archway, Asa appears with a precious smile at the shout of her uncle and leads her younger sister Alina into the living room, stopping a few feet into the familiar living room.
Flamingo lifts up both glass tumblers and then swirls around to see each girl with an evil grin. “Come to Uncle Flamingo.”
Asa and Alina slowly waddle ahead on a pair of tiny naked toes, carrying a doll, padding toward Uncle Flamingo.
He continues to rumble with an evil laughter with Cinco and Breck. The girls tarry ahead without worry to their kin, wearing a smile and a giggle at their uncles’ silly teen performance.
Cinco sits inside the recliner, reaching down, lifting four-year-old Alina into his lap, tickling her stomach for fun as she giggles with a girly laugh.
Flamingo sits down inside an oversized sitting chair, presenting a small tumbler which is usually filled with orange juice in front of Asa with a smile, “A toast.”
“Toast and strawberry jelly with sun for my breakfast. It’s dark now for supper, Uncle Flamingo.” Asa looks up with a confused brow at Flamingo.
Cinco holds Alina inside his lap, offering the cracker that covers the bitter tang in the corn whiskey, before she consumes the tart alcoholic drink. “Here’s a cracker. Eat it first, then you’ll get this fruity tooty drink,” he wiggles the brown liquid in front of her face.
“Not thirsty.” Alina shuts her lips and then shakes her curls at Uncle Cinco.
“The drink is good for your bones, Alina.” Cinco reaches over and gently tips the wet glass to her closed lips. Then she drinks the sugary liquid, very quickly.
Alina finishes and then smashes her pair of sugar-coated lips open and then shut. “I want more please.”
Cinco, Breck, and Flamingo chuckle out loud.
“I do believe there sits inside Cinco’s lap a future AA attendee,” Breck grins down at Alina.
Cinco places the food next to her lips with a smile. “Eat the cracker, Polly.”
“My name’s Alina.” She frowns at the salty cracker.
“Eat the cracker, Alina.” Flamingo smiles. He wants the child’s stomach to absorb some of the starchy fat from the food into her body while offsetting the small intake of alcohol.
“If you finish the cracker, I’ll give a chocolate chip cookie.” Breck breaks the cookie in half, wigging both pieces near his smile.
“Only give her a very small sliver, Breck” Flamingo orders.
Cinco smiles. “If she gets sick and pukes on her new dress and the clean bed sheets, then the future medical doctor gets to spend the night in the ER, instead with his…”
“Stuff it, Cinco.” Flamingo watches Alina. She curls into a rounded ball resting her skull onto Cinco’s chest while sucking her thumb.
Cinco gently rocks his niece to sleep inside the swaying recliner in silence with a smile.
Flamingo smiles at his brother. “Cinco is going to be great daddy, especially when he forgets his Troy boys…”
“You tell lies.” Cinco frowns.
“Who tell lies?” Breck views Cinco.
“You tell truths.” Flamingo grins.
“Who tell truths?” Breck views Flamingo.
Flamingo smiles. “Retardo Jean told Doyle, who told Yancy, who told Babbie, who told me that last night…”
Cinco stands upright from the chair and cuddles sleepy Alina, turning to face the narrow hallway and moves ahead, carrying the child into the guest bedroom on the first floor. The room will be used to babysit the two sleepy brats during tonight’s new teen party. He disappears into the room as both Breck and Flamingo laugh.
Inside the chair, five years old Asa closes her eyelashes while resting inside Flamingo’s arms.
“You are going to be a good baby doctor.” Breck smiles down at Asa, who is sound asleep.
Flamingo grins down at sleeping Asa. “Naw. I’m going to be a great plastic surgeon, who fixes all the tits heavy for a big sucking job.”
“What about all the big dicks for a great sucking job?” Breck chuckles.
“I ain’t gay, man. I only work only on an ugly babe making her into a hot mama among the female species, not one single male. No way!” Flamingo chuckles.
Breck asks. “Are you going to do an alpha test of each one of your new products too?”
Flamingo chuckles. “Yeah, that’s part of my personal quality improvement performance from ass to tit!”
Cinco returns back into the living room and stops in front of Flamingo, sliding his arms under Asa, lifting her into his chest and then paces back toward the spare bedroom, where his nieces will sleep during the cool teen party, until the return of their parents at midnight.
The three teen boys will take turns checking on their slumber pattern, occasionally.
Knock! Knock! Knock! Silence. Knock!
The proper audio signal alerts the triplets. One or more of the secretly invited high school party attendees stands at eh front door.
Flamingo slides off the sitting chair and then dashes ahead to the front door, slamming the hinges off the wood, verifying each pretty face, which represents his two dates. “Welcome, cowgirls! Come in! Come in! Let’s get this redneck party started. Go upstairs and turn into the second door on the right and strip down naked! I’ll be right up with our beverages, my little pop tarts,” he whispers between their coral painted cheek blush then slaps both their tight asses inside the blue jeans with a different hand. He sashays to the bar, preparing drinks.
Breck watches. Two pairs of skinny blue jeans prance up the staircase. “Do you treat two dates for the night, bro?”
Flamingo returns back to the bar counter filling a pair of small glass tumbles to the rim with whiskey and one small ice cube for each girl, tossing an un-opened beer underneath his armpit, leaning over with a smile and a whisper into the face of Breck. “I’m taking the master bedroom for the night’s roll in Aurora’s hay loft, before the bitch returns home at midnight. I hope Aurora got sinuses like a bloodhound, because I ain’t planning to change the dirty smelly bed sheets,” he laughs with Breck, spinning around with a smile, charging upstairs to entertain his two dates.
Breck reaches down and cleans up the alcohol spills, shaking his cropped skull with a chuckle.
Knock. Knock. Knock. Silence. Knock.
The proper audio sounds at the door for a second time tonight.
Cinco races ahead and stops, swinging open the wood, smiling at Babbie. She leans over and kisses his face. He slams the door shut and cuddles her, swiftly moving up the staircase. They will occupy the second guest bedroom within the four-bedroom house, yelling at Breck. “Ya got two hours, tops, Breck, with your little filly...”
Knock. Knock. Knock. Silence. Knock.
The last audio sounds at the door for Breck’s date, since Babbie has kindly invited one of her slutty friends for Breck’s entertainment this evening. He will watch over his two nieces, who sleep off the alcoholic effects.
The door creaks open alone as the female voice calls out loud. “Breck!”
Breck dashes ahead toward the open door and ten stops, opening the hinges, revealing Lacey. She smiles and sways her hips, wearing an orange shirt, a short blue jean skirt, and a pair of orange and white cowgirl boots.
He gasps in shock. “Lacey!”
“Howdy there, cowboy!” She moves inside and scans each decorative wall with a smile. “I thought your mama’s house was bigger than this one.”
He spins around with a gasp and a tongue of mouth drool. “Hey! Why...why are you here at my Aunt Aurora’s house?”
She moves ahead and touches each piece of furniture with a grin. “Flamingo, he invited me to your secret fun teen party. I thought your mama’s name was Arie.”
“Did he now?” He frowns with confusion at her back spine.
“Flamingo, he told me your mama’s name is Arie. And he says that you live in a great big mansion,” she touches each table with a grin.
“Did he now?” He looks up at the staircase, where Flamingo enjoys his two dates.
She moves ahead toward the oversized leather chair, scooting down into the rich fabric, winking at Breck and rubs the fabric. “I love leather, the feel, the smoothness, the silence.”
He reaches up and rubs an aching neck muscle while not expecting her to show up here at Aurora’s house by word invitation while he is secretly waiting for another gal. “Lacey!”
She stands upright from the chair and then dashes ahead toward the lone sofa, sliding down, covering the smooth leather with her blonde hair roots and her pair of cowgirl boots. She smiles at Breck. “Flamingo, he told me there’s a case of cold beer bottles here, darling.”
“Did he now?”
The front door bell chimes with a loud ding for another teen guest.
“Awe! Your other company is present, right now,” she slides off the soft and then dashes to the rocking chair, sitting down with a smile.
He frowns at Lacey. “What other company?”
“Flamingo, he invited them to the secret teenly party tonight,” she stares at the closed front door.
“Did he now?” He spins around with a sneer and advances to the front door, opening the wood, viewing numerous un-invited high school friends on top of the front porch.
“Hey, pal!” Yancy shoves Breck to the side and enters the house toting a wet grocery sack of iced beer cans.
“Yancy!” Breck spins around with a gasp to see the back spine on his friend.
Yancy moves inside and then reaches down, grabbing an un-opened bottle of beer from the wet sack, cracking open the lid and slurps nosily the cold liquid. He continues to move ahead, spilling some of the smelly beer and turns to smile at each decorative wall. “Thanks for inviting me to the grand party, pal! This is a nice house.” He moves ahead and then stops placing the wet beer bottle on top of the new wooden shelving. He reaches over and turns the volume dial on the music player to the highest level as the musical notes and the English words from the current song blasts into wall paint and each pair of sensitive eardrums.
Lacey continues to sit inside the rocking chair while listening to each chime on the door bill, laughing at the silly commotion.
“Don’t do it, bro!” Breck dashes ahead with a gasp and then stops beside Yancy with a sour frown, reaching out and dials the loud music down to reasonable volume.
The front door bell chimes with a loud ding for another teen guest.
Breck spins around with a gasp and advances toward the front door. But the wooden door swings open revealing Fannie and her two girlfriends from Lacy High School. He stares at the other un-invited high school friends on top of the front porch. “Fannie and Selucia and Nantee…”
Yancy reaches over and tosses the volume dial to the highest setting again. The room echoes with a new rock and roll song drowning out all spoken words. He reaches over and grabs the beer bottle that has left a water ring stain on top of the new wooden cabinet, spinning around, dancing side to side. The open beer bottle sloshes side to side even with his rhythm, falling down on the clean and polished wooden floor, developing a new water stain. He dances ahead with a smile toward his girlfriend Fannie.
Lacey continues to sit inside the rocking chair while listening to each chime on the door bill, laughing at the silly commotion.
“Howdy there, Breck! Thanks for inviting us to the cool teen party tonight. We were bored and didn’t have any other plans.” Fannie moves inside and totes a bag of food, opening the bag, eating the chips that spill over the new rug and the wooden floor. She tosses the bag to her friend Nantee.
Tall, sexy, blonde haired Nantee misses the bag of potato chips that lands down on top of the new rug. She stomps over the fallen item, dancing ahead, moving side to side with a giggle to the loud music.
Breck gasps in shock and looks down at the fallen food item on top of the new rug, dashing ahead, squatting down and cleans up the spilled food, shouting out loud at Fannie. “Fannie, how did you know about the fun Saturday evening teenly party?”
Fannie passes Breck with a giggle and moves deeply into the room toward the bar counter for a cool beverage with a smile. “Flamingo, he invited us.”
Lacey continues to sit inside the rocking chair while listening to each chime on the door bill, laughing at the silly commotion.
Average height and weight black-haired Alamar strolls in the opposite direction and winks at cute, hunky triplet Break. “Hi there, Breck! Are you still single? Do you wanna dance?” She dances around the squatted body on Breck, reaching out, messing up his blonde soft curls with a giggle. She moves ahead and then advances toward the bar counter for a cold beverage.
Lacey continues to sit inside the rocking chair while listening to each chime on the door bill, growling at the teen female.
Breck rushes to clean up the spilled food before the crumbs are tracked all over the house without much success.
The front door bell chimes with a loud ding for another teen guest. Then the door opens and admits more un-invited teen to the cool teen party at Aurora’s house.
A male voice chuckles and as he enters the living room, “Hey, Breck!”
“Wow! This teen party is great, Breck!” A female voice giggles and as she enters into the house.
A male voice laughs and as he moves into the house. “Good evening, Breck!”
Lacey continues to sit inside the rocking chair while listening to each chime on the door bill, laughing at the silly commotion.
Breck stands upright with a disgust frown, staring down at the scattered greasy orange colored potato chips. He will get the teens out of the house and then clean the floor.
A loud crash echoes throughout the living room.
Breck spins around with a gasp to see the bar counter. One of the teens has broken a small glass tumbler that rests down in numerous sharp glass fragments on top of the tile floor without cleaning up the damage. He races ahead and stops, squatting behind the bar counter, grabbing the small cleaning equipment, quickly cleaning up the mess.
The front door bell chimes with a loud ding for another teen guest. Then the door opens and admits more un-invited teen to the cool teen party at Aurora’s house.
Breck runs around and then chases after each one of his childhood friends while racing in and out from each room while correcting the social manners on each un-invited guests and then he checks on his two sleeping nieces. He returns back into the middle of the living room floor, tossing both arms into the air, shouting out loud to the upper floor, “Flamingo!”



Sunday August 31st


Hot temperatures with bright sunshine
Balegreen Cow Ranch location
Foyer setting
02:02 pm


Arie returns back home first from the delicious lunch meal at her mother’s house after the morning church preaching, before her three sons.
Her sons had left from their grandmother’s house before Arie while stirring up a set of dust tornados, coming back home.
Currently, they work and haul out different type of vehicles which will be driven towards the storage barn within the depths of the farm land within the hour. They finish cleaning, washing, and packing up their personal gear and supplies into each vehicle for Annual Mudder Race that leads to the final destination, a gigantic bonfire party on the Tennessee River bank that blazes until the next morning.


03:02 pm
Foyer setting


Inside the empty foyer room, Arie stands in the middle of the entrance hall with one hand on her belt loop. A second hand holds a single piece of rolled paper near a sour frown. She faces the set of double doors in silence.
The door opens.
Cinco struts ahead from the open archway first, seeing her un-happy facial expression, gasping with worry. He immediately side steps and then stops, standing a few feet from the front window, facing his mother in silence.
Flamingo emerges next with a smile and then a soft curse as usual, viewing her un-happy face and stops beside Cinco while standing a few feet from petite Arie. He wonders what he has done to piss his mama off.
Breck enters last and hums a cheery song and then stops with a gasp, standing a few feet from the open archway beside Flamingo, staring at her unhappy face. He turns and studies the nose profile on each brother, who stands at attention for the upcoming soft southern cloud trauma from their mother Arie. Then he returns back and presents a stern face to his mom.
She stares at each son with a stern face. “Busted,” she shakes the single piece of paper near her sour frown.
Cinco narrows his eyelids trying to read the tiny handwriting which is too small and too far away from his acute eyesight.
She exhales with annoyance. “This is a list of damaged items inside Aurora’s house during your five-hour babysitting activity on Saturday night.”
Cinco stiffens with terror at the truth and drops open his mouth, turning with a gasp to see the nose profile on Breck, who stays cool always.
Breck continues to stare at his mother Arie with no visual acknowledgement of guilt.
Flamingo bravely stomps a flip flop ahead toward Arie and then stops, jerking the paper from her hand, quickly reading the list. He actually scans for a major problem which might lead to some minor jail time inside one of Sheriff Tommy Lee’s prison cells. He studies each word while whispering for his eardrums only. “Not there!” He looks up with a goofy grin to see his mother Arie, stepping backward into the criminal line-up, handing the list to Breck.
Breck quickly grabs the paper and looks down, scanning each noun for some major trouble that would lead to a permanent grounding of social activities until the day after his high school graduation day. However, there is no mention of stolen bottles of alcohol only a listing of numerous broken glassware tumblers, some beaten up electronic equipment, and numerous water-stained rings on a few furniture pieces. The listed items represent a minor criminal act.
A minor criminal act, when it was compared to the major crime of drugging two minor children with two tiny tear drops bits of whiskey alcohol.
The three brothers had stolen the whiskey bottle and a case of beer bottles from the liquid cabinet without their mother’s knowledge and then tossed the empty bottles and whiskey bottle into numerous trash bags, placing inside Breck’s truck. Then, they had dumped each trash bags down in the set of dumpsters behind the local drug store.
Breck looks up with a stern face to see Arie.
She extends her hand for the paper list as Brecks hands her the document. Arie exhales with more annoyance. “I, as ordered by Aurora, reviewed by Moe, and approval by your grandmother, have been given two options here: purchase and replace all the destroyed items or provide appropriate funds directly to Aurora. Too bad, I can’t take the money from your weekly allowances…”
“We don’t get weekly allowances, Mama.” Flamingo frowns.
Cinco reaches over and elbows Flamingo with the subtle signal to remain silence during the lecture.
Arie provides her three sons with all the necessities for each growing farm cowboy such as shelter, food, clothes, horses, and love along with many luxury fun possessions, such like, a vehicle, gas, car insurance, electronic toys, games, gear, bikes, computers, and any other items that a little devious mind can image. Therefore, Arie does not pass out money for their limited fun making Flamingo reiterate her loving gesture vocally.
“I will pay your debts, boys.” She nods. “I understand. You are boys, not adults. Aurora should have used her own resources for her own children, but I love my mama and try to please her with any and all strange requests. That’s what love is…”
“We’re sorry for disappointing you, Mama,” Cinco frowns with a nod.
“Boys,” she slightly smiles. “The past is the past. I have learned a valuable life lesson as the mature adult here,” she frowns. “You are grounded until…”
“Naw!” Flamingo stomps side to side with a sour frown, tossing both arms in the air, shaking his backwards baseball cap. “Mama, you can’t do this. This is the Labor Day weekend. There’s no school tomorrow. So, we can have fun all night tonight. Every year, we celebrate with our Annual Mudder Race to the river bank for the big warm bonfire. Didn’t you remember? We did that last year driving our trucks…”
She gasps. “You were licensed at sixteen years old to drive a vehicle on top of a paved highway, Flamingo. Are you telling me now that you drove a pickup truck to the river, without…”
“Naw!” Cinco jumps in the fire before Flamingo grounds them until Christmas Day of the year 2020, smiling at his mother. “Naw, Mama! We drove a motorcycle. We all got a motorcycle license with your permission for biking down toward the river bank,” he nods to each brother, “Right, Flamingo?” 
Flamingo nods with a smile at his mom. “Right, Cinco! We drove a bike last year. But, this year, we drive a truck. Mama, that’s our right as…”
“…children…” she shakes her curls with a stern face. “No, not this year! I am the adult here. You are the children here underneath my parental care and supervision. I’m sorry. You act like children. You are treated like children. The children stay home tonight and the rest of the weekend holiday until school on Tuesday morning,” she exhales with annoyance and the looks down with a sad face at the clean floor, returning back to see each son, swinging away from her children. She moves head toward the belle parlor room in silence.
Breck watches her disappear into the parlor room and then shoves Flamingo from his body, stopping and slams Cinco into the wall. He leans down and then bad breaths into the smooth cheekbone on Cinco. “You, go and kiss Mama’s face, Cinco. So we all can go to the bonfire.” He has talked Lacey into coming to the house and parking her truck at the Balegreen property line, so she can ride inside Breck’s truck to the river bank for their all-night party while under very loose adult supervision. 
“She likes you best, man.” Flamingo spins around with a smile and moves ahead, standing on the other side on Cinco, bad breathing into the other cheekbone on his brother and thumbs parlor door, where Arie has disappeared into fuming with angry.
Cinco continues to stand against the window and then looks down to see the clean floor, then looks up to see the ceiling, and finally returns back with a frown to see Breck. “Why? Because, I love my mama. Or because, Flamingo has got a case of suds melting between the leather seats in his Camaro?” He sniggers.
Flamingo drops his mouth and then sneers at Cinco.
Breck turns and frowns at the nose profile on Flamingo, “Dang! Is that all true, bro?”
Flamingo reaches out and then shoves Cinco away from the wall toward the belle parlor room. “Go on, boy! Before, the sun sets and I flood my car mats.”


Belle parlor room setting
03:21 pm


Inside the belle parlor room on top of the ugly sofa, Arie curls underneath the soft yellow tinted blanket, staring at manicured grass. A flock of red and blue birds continue to hunt and peck the grass, eating the worms beside the flower garden. She runs a hand through her messy locks of blonde hair that slowly turns gray like her sister Aurora had described so accurately. She reaches up with the other hand and wipes the tears of sad and unhappy, after reprimanding her three sons.
She knows the vehicle adventure down the river bank toward the bonfire is both safe and fun for the kids, who live here in Lacy Springs and enjoy the singing, dancing and goofing around during the holiday weekend.
Sheriff Tommy Lee of Lacy Springs also sends a couple of the young deputies who are close in age to the other teens down to the bonfire checking on each teen, controlling a fight or violent act, so each set of parents won’t worry either, during the annual nighttime event.
Arie doesn’t venture down into the wilderness for hunting or fishing but enjoys exercising some of her favorite horses as an ancient southern cowgirl like her mother.
Arie misses her husband very much especially during a tough parenting time like this one, even though it has been almost fifteen years since his death overseas. However, the healing and hurting still lingers inside her mind, her heart, and her soul.
After his military mission into enemy territory, six months later, it had brought a military car filled with a bunch of military officers carrying an American flag and numerous letters but not her husband. He had died during a parachute mission along with the other young brave US military soldiers there inside enemy territory.
Inside the foyer room, he leans against the window with a stern face and then slowly moves ahead toward the set of closed double doors and stops, spinning around to see Breck and then Flamingo. They motion with a hand in silence for getting on with the teenly job. He swings around with a deep sigh and then moves ahead, gently pushing the door open, stopping inside the archway and stares with a worried brow at Arie. He softly says. “Mama,” he slowly paces inside and moves toward her position on top of the ugly gray colored sofa.
He slides down onto the floor at the foot of the sofa on both kneecaps and then reaching out, touching both of her cupped hands on top of the white tinted blanket. He sees the rows of flowing glittery tears running down her two cheekbones. Cinco feels lousy about the mess that he and his brothers had left last night in Aunt Aurora’s house.
At the time, it had been fun while paying Aurora back as a cheap skate, who only enjoyed manipulating her mother Reese and her sister Arie with her evil purposes.
“Cinco...” Arie smiles at the feeding birds. She is mad and disappointed with her three sons but she loves them more than her life. She can’t be mad too long.
Cinco smiles and then frowns at her rear skull. “Me, Breck, and Flamingo, we are so sorry, Mama. Me, Breck, and Flamingo, we didn’t mean to cause so much trouble, Mama. I guess when I told Babbie about the social activity then the word just kinda spread like wild fire in the wrong way. Then, the teens, they just showed up with both food and bee…” he clears a throat. “…beverages. And then it was like a real party, but it wasn’t a real party thou. It was babysitting duty. We babysat the two brats. Our two nieces were really good, quiet, and behaved and drunk all their milk and ate all their crackers like you had instructed us to do as you are a loving mother too,” he smiles with his deep secret.
“Cinco...” Arie continues to smile through the window at the peacocks that run wild over the farm property.
“You should be mad at the other kids that crashed Aunt Aurora’s house and messed up all her furniture and stole all her house property. Me, Breck, and Flamingo, we are mad at these kids, too. These same kids will be there at the river bank tonight. Me, Breck, and Flamingo, we might can get back some of Aunt Aurora’s stuff back, tonight, Mama,” he clears a throat.
“Cinco…” she continues to smile through the glass window watching each squirrel play wildly in the groves of tall trees. Her three sons are sometimes reckless but they do want to set the wrongness into rightness.
He smiles. “If I had more money, I’d pay Aunt Aurora for her cheap-ass electronics that she had purchased there at Lo-Mart Superstore. That shitty cheap stuff breaks really easy, Mama,” he snaps the fingers with a nod. “You just flick a good-sized booger on it. Then all that cheap-ass equipment fries instantaneously from the thick liquid inside that snot booger when the electricity hits it.”
She continues to smile and then softly giggles while staring out the glass window. She covers her parted lips away from her son. Cinco is always correct and very astute with his acute observation. A set of inexpensive equipment pieces that is not constructed for duration could be damaged by a thick wooden stick or a sticky snot booger which will ruin the cheap product. 
He smiles and then frowns, “Me, Breck, and Flamingo, we all should be punished too. Me, Breck, and Flamingo, we agree with you, Mama. But, like you mentioned, me, Breck and Flamingo, we received that mission. That assignment came straight from lips of Grandma Dunlap. Do you remember that mission, Mama? You told us, well, Breck told us you accepted that assignment like a good commander from the good general. And me, Breck, and Flamingo, we are your little foot soldiers that obey each plan. Me, Breck, and Flamingo, we did our job, maybe, a bad job…”
“Cinco…” she smiles through the glass window at the clutter of yard cats. The yard cats are feral but healthy and feed here on the farm as each feline enjoys chasing after a bird or a squirrel for fun.
Cinco is correct again. Arie had heard the verbal order from her mother, coming from her sister, where her mother had turned and ordered the triplets to perform the babysitting duty.
In hindsight, Arie should have accepted the babysitting duty over her three teenage sons. Breck, Flamingo and Cinco are a set of immature and irresponsible high school teens, not a set of responsible college students. Thus, this incident was more her fault rather than three high school teenagers, who should not have been held responsible for taking care of two young children or punished for an impromptu teen party without supervision.
Cinco smiles at her rear skull, “Mama, I gotta tattle here. Breck, he’s got a permanent girlfriend, a pretty little thing, too.”
She turns with a gasp to see the smile on Cinco.
He nods with a smile. “Yeah, hard ass arrogant Breck, he’s got a permanent girlfriend. Me and Flamingo, we both stunned just like you, Mama. Breck found himself a girl that he likes him, not the opposite, since all the girls love us,” he chuckles with a nod.
Arie gasps at second acute observation from her son Cinco. Her three sons are the exact duplication of their father.
Her husband Breck, Junior had been both tall and handsome. Arie had fallen in love with Breck during their elementary school days together as he had fallen in love with her also. They had married the day after their high school graduation. Then he had entered into the military and both of them had moved down to the US State of Florida.
As her three sons had grown tall and cute, Arie had realized the female sex could mentally and physically devour one or all of her three boys from a social perspective, so she had continued to warn each one about the opposite sex and their evil ways.
Breck had taken her warning to heart and didn’t bother with a girlfriend until now.
On top of the floor, Cinco slapped his chest with a nod and a smile. “My heart is set on Babbie. I only love her. We plan to marry, of course, after she graduates college. But, you should see him, Mama. Breck is acting like a puppy-loving redneck hick every time he eyeballs this chick. And she’s going to be there at the bonfire on the river bank too. The fire bomb is located really on Yancy’s farm property, not ours. And Yancy’s two older brothers, who are in college, over the age of eighteen years old, will be there too. They are really, real responsible. Or Yancy’s daddy will blister their naked butt-holes. We mud the trucks and cycles through our section of water holes too. But that’s all. We don’t burn a straw of green hay or a thick limb of green wood on our property. You promised to whip our asses good, if we did that stupid act. So, can we go to the river bank in our vehicles, today, please, Mama? You can punish the litter of us tomorrow afternoon, after we get back, well, after we clean the trucks from the mud and clay. That’s important getting the salt and sand out of the exhaust pipe before it rusts. Then you can punish us as we sleep later in the afternoon, inside our bedrooms, but I still wanna eat. I don’t like being punished without a plate of hot food. So, can we go to the river bank, right now, Mama?”
“Cinco,” she reaches out and touches his whiskers of blonde with a smile. “I can’t believe that you’re not destined to be the lawyer within our family.”
“Naw, I’m the redneck.” Cinco stands upright from the floor with a smile and then leans down, tenderly pecking her smooth cheekbone, pulling back with a grin. “Thanks, Mama! I love you, so does Flamingo and Breck,” he quickly back steps away from her and the sofa, spinning around with a smile, racing toward the open doorway, where Breck and Flamingo had been standing in the creaks, listening to the entire conversation.
She smiles at the back spine on Cinco, who struts out the doorway with his victory.


04:14 pm
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight
Balegreen property location
Pasture land setting


The herd of brown and white colored cows silently grazes inside miles of green tinted pasture land that is surrounded with miles of wooden fence posts, until the moving vehicle hits a pair of busted wooden gates minus the herd of cows.
On one side of the broken white tinted wooden gates, inside one of the empty grassy cow pastures, Flamingo stands upright on top of the step ladder beside the broken gate with a set of raised arms blocking each vehicle entrance, until he collects the payment from the driver to run the infamous Annual Lacy Springs Mudder Race.
The next jacked up 4x4 maroon colored pickup truck halts beside Flamingo with a set of roaring loud muffles. Inside the truck, Brett smiles at his girl Fannie. “It’s all about the huntin’, fishin’, truckin’, partyin’, campin’, ridin’, and motor crossin’…”
“….and payment,” Flamingo leans into the open window with a smile, “Hey, Fannie! What are you giving me, man?” He reaches inside and holds both hands open for the prize.
“A case of cold beer and a second case of diet soda for my girl Fannie,” Brett hands a wet box to Flamingo first. Flamingo accepts the box and then hands to his assistant Yancy.
Yancy catches the wet box and then spins around with a smile, toting the precious item, storing it into the rear compartment on the ancient Chevy Suburban, which is owned by his mother Arie and safely driven by her son Flamingo.
Brett hands the second dry box to Flamingo, who gives to Yancy for storage inside the ancient vehicle also.
Breck and Cinco loves the mud-slinging and rock-climbing like a pair of mechanical insects, using their individual racing machine to beat out the other local rednecks.
Flamingo enjoys the smooth uncomplicated forest scenic route and drives a jacked up five-door long Suburban like a freight train that is loaded down with each girlfriend from each mudders, a set of extra clothes, an assortment of sleeping bags, numerous soft warm blankets, tons of food contains, boxes of sodas, stacks of beer cases, and also numerous emergency supplies for the teenly fun and safe holiday weekend in the woodlands, along the river bank.


Five years ago


The Annual Mudder Race had developed when Cinco and his biker buddies at the age of twelve wanted to tour some of the bigger real competitive mudder races in metro city Huntsville among the Rainbow Mountain pathway on the northwest side of the county.
Arie had refused with a heavenly blessing and a verbal reprimand for each triplet to participate as a caring mother and a fuzzy female over her three rough and rowdy cowboys.
After getting blackmailed by Granddaddy Balegreen and her three sons, Arie had surrendered and then created the first Annual Lacy Springs Motor Cross Race.
She had solicited assistance from Sheriff Tommy Lee, her father Jarvis Dunlap, and each father from Yancy, Brett, and Doyle, and all the other pre-teens boys while setting up a small and safe race path. The race path started at the old red tinted hay barn on Arie’s property and then flowed across her farm property down toward the Tennessee River bank.
Arie owns 6,400 acres of crops, forest, and water consisting mainly of cotton fields that produce corn, soybeans, and fresh vegetables, which feed her sons and all the farm pets. She owns pastures of cattle that graze inside the southern pastures between the county roads of Cabbage Road and Plymouth Rock Road for both food and profit.
Cinco and his two brothers had blazed a ten-foot wide by one-mile long bike trail, using an individual hand axe and a set of macho pre-teen junior high males paired with their enthusiastic but more macho father, who handled each electric saw chain cutting a pathway through the thicket and thickly packed woodlands of oak, maple, hickory, birch, and pine trees.
 The motorcycle trail had kept the hillside ridge tops and slopes un-touched in their nature state of God’s beauty. The landscape, after the manly butchering, had still displayed low lying green tinted shrubs, row of fresh blueberry and black huckleberry fruit bushes, tall and wild patches of yellow sunflowers, and light green silkgrass herbs which haphazardly lined the red clay and directed each motorcycle rider down toward the bluish-green dark murky Tennessee River waters.
The next year, the Second Motor Cross Race had included the bigger, powerful four-wheeling trucks which had been driven by a legal age and a few non-legal age teenagers. The competitive motorcycle and trucks had exploded underneath the overhanging dead brown tree limbs, cutting up all the green shrubbery, plowing down each blueberry bushes, and stomped out each sunflower patches while racing ahead toward the river bank for both the babes and the beer.
Each cowgirl had been invited to race but declined electing to setup the camp site. The campsite had included cooked food, such like, grilled steaks, juicy cob on the corn, and foil-covered baked sweet potatoes. The food had been steamed over the open grill pits around a seven-foot high bonfire on top of dry dirt within Yancy property, which was carefully monitored by the adults for any emergency.
All cowgirls had waited for their hungry rider as the Mudder Race started on Sunday afternoon after church preaching and then partied until dawn’s early light on Labor Day Monday.



Present day and time and place

Balegreen property line location
Pasture land and broken gate setting
04:44 pm



“Pass, Brett!” Flamingo motions ahead with a smile and a hand. Brett roars the engine that makes his girl giggle and then slowly steers ahead, moving away from Flamingo. The next pickup truck stops beside Flamingo. He reaches inside the open window, jerking backward with a sour frown. “I need your payment…”
Lacey leans over and hangs out the dropped window with a smile and a wink at Flamingo. “Hey there, love!” She reaches down and then pats the black paint with a giggle and her pair of orange tinted fingernails. “Do you like my baby? It is a 4x4 jacked-up Chevrolet Silverado in the color of black which had been built in the year 2007 and contains 48,200 miles…”
“I ain’t blind, sweet pea,” he frowns with annoyance. “But I need your payment, sweet-tart.”
“What kind of payment, Flamingo?” she turns with a puzzled brow looking between the two broken gates.
Rows of machines stand upright on top of the partial dirt and partial grass meadow as a group of rednecks examine each machine, visually inspecting each axle. Or a redneck is kissing the lips of his girlfriend. Or a pair of redneck is wiggling each arm at the mountain side.
This particular green pasture field had been used by the cows and their stinky shit piles last week.
She searches for Breck’s truck and returns back to see Flamingo, frowning with confusion. She exhales. “I don’t understand, darling. I’m required to pay you money to go inside an empty plot of land without a table of cold beverages and fresh tray of refreshments. There isn’t even an outside television plasma screen to view the race.”
“We ain’t a bank, sugar. No money is collected here. Do you possess a beer can or a piece of raw beef or a carton of fruit punch? The payment feeds our tummies, after the race in the form of food stuffs or liquid beverages, while we dance and sing and pretty much act like fools until dawn. So fool, what’s your payment?” He chuckles at the silly cowgirl.
She winks at him with a smile. “I got no payment, sweetie. Are you going to pay for me to enter the race, honey pie?” She pouts with a pair of orange tinted lips.
He sneers, “No, doll! I ain’t. Do you have a half-eaten candy bar or a piece of chewed bubble gum on the floor mats?”
She crinkles her nose. “Do I possess a piece of used bubble gum that sticks onto my floor mats? No, I do not. That’s disgusting. Why would I carry around any of those trashy items on my person or inside a 35,000 dollar Chevrolet truck?”
“Looky! Part of the playing is the paying. That’s the rule number one. No exceptions here!” He shakes his backwards baseball cap. “Do you possess a dollar bill for your entrance fee into the Annual Mudder Race, Lacey?”
She frowns. “No. I do not carry cash, but I have my bank card,” she lifts her green tinted card near her smile. “Do you take plastic, handsome?”
“Naw. Do you have a coin like a quarter or a nickel or a penny?”
“No. I just told you. I only have my bank card. There’s money in my bank account.”
“Are there a couple of pennies on top of the floor mat?”
“No. My truck was washed and cleaned this morning, specifically for this race.”
“No payment. No…”
“No. I can’t race in this stupid event. This isn’t fair to me. I’m new here. And I’m a cowgirl like Babbie. I demand the right to race. You’re being mean. I’m new, but I can fit in…” 
“Babbie doesn’t mud ride. She rides with me…”
She winks with a giggle. “So, you’re dating Babbie behind Cinco’s back. You’re a bad boy…”
“No, Lacey! That statement is completely unfounded and false. You need to be more…”
“I’m Breck’s cowgirl. He’s got lots and lots of money. Breck will pay for my entrance fee into this ugly and smelly cow field. Go and call him! Do you own a mobile telephone, darling? Or do you wanna use mine?” She lifts up her mobile telephone and wiggles near her smile.
“Fine!” He exhales with frustration and then looks down to see his assistant. “Yancy, do you possess a dollar bill or some change inside one your pockets by chance? Lacey has to pay with something or she can’t enter the Annual Mudder Race today. That’s our rule.”
Yancy shakes his skull with a grin. This is a private party which is indirectly hosted by Arie Balegreen plus all the other community leaders, where a teen doesn’t need a pocket of money for any of the provided services, such like, food, blankets, and beverages.
Flamingo shouts out loud with a sneer. “Shit!” He looks up and then jabs a finger at the rear of his vehicle. “Go to my car and get my wallet, Yancy. It’s rests inside the driver’s seat, please.”
Yancy spins around with a smile, then dashes ahead and stops, poking around the interior of the front bench seat, grabbing the wallet, spinning around. He moves ahead and the tosses the wallet to Flamingo.
Flamingo catches the wallet and peels the leather open, retrieving a single dollar bill. He holds the dollar bill in the air for all staring eyeballs with a smile at Lacey. “Lacey has paid one dollar to enter the Annual Mudder Race,” he hands the bill down to Yancy.
Yancy stops and stands beside the step ladder, reaching up with a hand, accepting the money and then pockets the dollar bill with a laugh inside his blue jeans.
Outside the dropped window, Lacey jabs a finger with a gasp at Yancy. “He stole my dollar. Beat him up, Flamingo!”
Yancy spins around with a laugh and returns back to the rear compartment on the stationary ancient vehicle and stops, neatly packing away all the blankets and the containers of food stuffs while making leg room for each girlfriend that ride with Flamingo, not the mudder driver.
Flamingo will eventually slowly travel down to the finish line using a smoothly shortcut and then setup the camp site for the racing machines and their drivers.
On top of the step ladder, Flamingo turns and jabs a finger at the pasture, holding all the other machines. “Yancy is my assistant here and holds your entrance fee payment. Pass your as…”
“Ask Breck to join me here! I don’t wanna get my 35,000 dollar Chevrolet truck dirty with all that yucky clay. Can I drive with you along the flat ridge on the cliff? That looks like more fun, cowboy,” she winks at Flamingo.
He turns and frowns at her face, “No, Lacey! Just stick to the dirt road or follow the tail gate on Breck’s truck or better yet, go and ride with Breck! Get going, now, Lacey. We got a race to start.”
She swings back and slaps both hands into the steering column, pressing the gas pedal, slowly moving ahead between the broken gates. He watches her brake lights flame. Lacey slowly rounds each parked truck while scouting for a parking place.
Beside the broken gates, on top of the step ladder, Flamingo looks down with a stern face to see Yancy while fingering Lacey’s truck. “Get going, too, Yancy! That’s the last of the mudder riders. Before you stow the Suburban near the start line for me, make damn sure that girl parks away from the other mudders. I don’t want any wrecked vehicles here. Or my mama will tan my ass for six days, just like Almighty God.”
Yancy spins around with a chuckle and then stops, sliding down into the driver’s seat, cranking the cold engine. He waits for the engine too warm. He slowly steers ahead and then carefully moves around each stationary machine, parking behind the last row of machines.
Beside the broken gates, Flamingo continues to stand on top of the step leader and waits for any more participating trucks or dirt bikes, staring at the newly painted red two-story wooden-framed barn.
The barn floor stores sacks of hay, oats, and other food stuff for the cows and other livestock and is surrounded by a patch of newly mowed green weeds on one side of the broken gate. On other broken gate displays miles of green tinted pasture land that is surrounded by patched and repaired wooden fencing which runs down six miles toward Cabbage Road that holds all the stupid cattle that grazes both day and night during sun, wind, rain, and tornado warnings.
The heard of cows appears plump and fat within each meaty rib cage. So, this herd of beef cattle will be heading to the local slaughter house and turned into a set of future white tinted packages of butchered meat that is sold to each local grocery store around Madison County.
On top of the step ladder beside the broken gate, Flamingo flings his eyeballs and studies the newly uprooted clay path coming from each set of wide mudder wheels. The wheel path advances coming from the paved roadside on Highway 36, plowing down more paved roadside on Cabbage Road and then kicks in the four-wheel drive trains while slipping and sliding over the rough dirt road on Arie’s farm. The dirt pathway leads directly to the broken entrance gates, where the race will begin.
He studies the far distance and sees only emptiness without a visual sign of an additional mudders. He also knows that Brett is the last mudder to arrive here at the race, because Fannie’s mother always lectures Brett about his vehicle safety driving while protecting her baby girl.
Flamingo snorts with amusement and swings his eyeballs, staring toward the mountain, raising his arms in the air. He flags down Cinco on top of the motor cross bike as Cinco plays host to all the other biker pals.
Inside the pasture, sailing around the other bikers, acting as the host, Cinco catches the arm signal on Flamingo and then whips his bike around speeding faster than a lightning bolt towards the set of broken gates. He slides the bike to the side of Flamingo, stopping with a laugh inside the helmet.
Flamingo reaches down and grabs, pulling the spare motorcycle helmet off the banana seat, removing his cap and covers his blonde tinted curls locks for protection. He slips down onto the rear seat and wraps an arm around the body arm on Cinco, gently touching the motor cross hard helmet for go signal.
A helmet and body armor is two pieces of required equipment before entering the Annual Mudder Race. Or the driver cannot drive and the passenger cannot ride, which is also part of Flamingo’s responsibility.
Flamingo visually eyeballs each machine to ensure that each racer wears the proper equipment, such as, helmet, body armor, and boots for a dirt rider. A helmet and a webbing belt for each mudder driver and the passenger. He also eyeballs the rolling and bouncing suspension frames on each truck when he demands payment.
Last night, on Saturday night, all the teen rednecks had enjoyed their drunk and loud fun somewhere in Lacy Spring, including wrecking parts of Aurora’s house. To ensure no mudder accidents, each father had escorted the driver and the truck for inspection two weeks ago at David’s Mechanic’s Shop on Kay Street.
Now, inside the cow pasture, each father is re-inspecting both the gears and machines for a final time, since mamas and daddies love their redneck children more than their life.
Within fifteen minutes, each father will quietly exit the Balegreen farmland leaving each teen to stay out and play all night long.
On top of the motorcycle, Flamingo wraps both arms around Cinco to keep from tumbling off the flying vehicle. His body swiftly jolts backwards as the bike fights the forward gravity on planet Earth. Then he mentally ponders the miscommunication signal between him and Breck last night.
That miscommunication had prompted a second round of verbal cat fighting at the impromptu teen party inside Aurora’s house while concluding the most logical answer.
He wears the helmet and whispers for his eardrums only. “She likes trouble.”


Front row machines setting
04:47 pm


Cinco tears through dirt and grass, spitting the elements into the air like a mini-spinning tornado driving away from the broken gates, skirting the outer circle inside empty cow pasture. He carefully and safely steers around a mixture of bikes and trucks for safety and maneuvers around each heated tail pipe. He slips and then slides the bike over the dirt while speeding over the slick grass, scooting next to the truck and then halts three inches from the paint job, chuckling inside the helmet again.
Flamingo slides off the rear and then leans down, gently touching on the helmet on Cinco with a silence: thank you. Cinco races away from his brother. Flamingo stands upright on solid ground while catching his breath from the wild-ass motorcycle ride with Cinco, slowly moving ahead toward Breck, who exchanges a set of back slaps with Doyle over some redneck joke.
Lacey appears and then swiftly advances from Breck’s blindside, stopping and parks behind his back spine. She slaps both of her hands against his rear jean pockets, giggling. “Where’s your dirty rings, baby?”
Breck whips around with a smile to see her, leaning over and hugs her, whispering with a set of secret love words.
Flamingo stops and does not care to hear the set of love words, standing beside the nose profile on Breck while frowning at the nose profile on Lacey. “Teen do not dip dangerous raw tobacco leaves, darling. Teens are underage here and it is illegal to smoke and drink in front of the local sheriff deputies plus it’s a nasty habit for a group of healthy rednecks,” laughing. “Don’t you know that, baby?” He smiles at her nose profile, “Where’s your famed cowgirl blue jeans?”
She pulls back from the kiss on Breck and then turns with a frown to see Flamingo. “Beg pardon!”
One of the mudder trucks toots a loud horn and tosses a plume of white steam into the air waves from the single exhaust.
Breck spins around with a sneer and moves ahead, waving both arms in the air, yelling out loud. “Get back in the line-up, mudder!” Brett revs and gooses the truck engine as the truck advances the front bumper toward the dirt road impressing his girl Fannie.
Lacey watches the back spine on Breck. “What’s a mudder?”
Flamingo turns and scans the rows of trucks and bikes. “Mudder is a racehorse, that runs well on a wet or muddy track, compliments of the dictionary,” he turns and frowns at Lacey. “I’m not impressed, cowgirl. Did you really pass each one of your AP entrance examinations to get into our AP classroom?”
The front row of all the stationary machines contain a loosely formed horizontal line of motorcycles between the set of air molecules and each side door on the truck, since this machine is faster, lighter, and always lead the first series in Annual Mudder Race.
In the front row of bikes, Cinco stops and parks his running motorcycle at the end, standing upright, straddling the seat. His bike is positioned inside a wide open space by a side door on Breck’s and Brett’s jack-up pickup truck. He removes the helmet, double checking his body gear for protection, seeing no problems. He re-zips the body armor against his chest and re-slaps the leather boots, wiping the sweat from his forehead, sliding back down the helmet over his skull. He pulls on each leather glove and sits down, revving the handler for fun while watching for the “go signal” from Flamingo.
Each jacked-up pickup truck is posed inside one of three semi-crooked horizontal lines in-between a single colorful racing motorcycle, where the mudder driver hides behind the steering wheel. The camera of each helmet views the interior of the truck cab ensuring each precious body is webbed into the seat and it also displays each turn, mud spin, and high rise climb that strains the four-wheel engine quatrain.
The last row of motorcycle drivers and pickup truck drivers are not worried about sitting last in the starting pole. The off-road obstacle course is setup for a bold and brave driver that holds guts and gravel for the final glory of winning the Annual Mudder Race that is sponsored by the nice people here in Lacy Spring.
Even starting in the last row, any driver can win the race.
On the front row beside the closed driver’s seat on Brett’s machine, Breck spins around with a smile, then moves across the short grass field, and finally stops, standing in front of Lacey, reaching out, playfully slapping his biceps around Lacey. He pulls her close into his chest with a smile while hearing her question but not hearing Flamingo’s nasty comment. “Mudders are us, riders of jacked-up trucks for wheeling fun which ends at the river bank for a plate of bar-be-que and a cold beer.”
Flamingo doesn’t wanna know about Breck’s third activity for the night with Lacey. He stands beside lacey and Breck, reaching out, slapping the bicep on Breck, whispering with a stern face into the eardrum on Breck. “We are ready.”
Breck ignores Flamingo and continues to cuddle with Lacey, pulling back with a frown. “Hmm! I forgot to pay for your entrance fee. How did you get through the gate, honey? You gotta pay to get passed…”
“Flamingo,” Lacey turns and winks at Flamingo then views Breck. “Flamingo’s sweet, like cane sugar. He paid for me.”
Breck turns and growls at the nose profile on Flamingo, narrowing his eyelids. “Did he now?”
Lacey reaches over and then tenderly strokes Breck’s shirt. His set of taunt muscles tightens with jealousy of Lacey and Flamingo’s flirty fun relationship during their fun school days inside the AP classroom at school.
Flamingo moves ahead and passes the two love birds with a sneer. “We’re ready, Breck. Blow the damn horn for attention!” He struts ahead toward his vehicle with a sour frown.
Breck exhales with frustration and then looks back with a worried brow to see Lacey. “Are you gonna ride with me as we planned, last night, Lacey?”
“Of course, I will, cowboy!” She leans over and kisses his lips, pulling back with a giggle and a wink. “And I will do anything for my cowboy,” giggling.
Breck presents a goofy grin, spinning them around swiftly pacing back to his truck on the front room. He stops and opens the door, reaching down, lifting petite Lacey into the driver’s side.
She crawls ahead over the long leather, sitting in the middle of the bench, facing the clean windshield. “Where we are going, now, darling?”
“We’re traveling through as much muck, mud, and water that we can find, sweetheart.” he shuffles into the driver’s seat, adjusting the steering columns, checking the console.
She scoots closer into his body and reaches out, rubbing his leg, staring with a grin at his nose profile. “This is very romantic and thrill in here. Will this take long going through muck, mud, and other Mother Nature’s pooping materials?”
“The entire course is a mile long,” he cranks the cold engine, checking each gauge for a good indicator light including the tire air pressure, the gasoline line, and the water pressure. Then, he slips a music disc into the player as the country music song sings with fiddles and banjos. He slips both hands back onto the steering wheel while waiting the console for any other warning lights.
She frowns at his nose profile. “One mile! That’s not very long from right here at the start. A car can travel at sixty miles per hour which is one minute in a long mile of 2,860 feet. Wow! We’ll be finished in one minute. This is going too fast and fun,” she bounces up and down with happiness.
“Have you ever been mudding before, sweetie?” He turns and winks at her. “You’re correct. A car can travel at sixty miles per hour in one minute, without an obstacle on a flat hard surface. We will truck over dirt, rocks, water, and other tall and small and hard, not flat obstacles,” he reaches down and pulls the gloves from the shirt pocket, covering each hand with the half-glove which keeps both of his palms dry for stirring the wheel fast around both the high boulders and the deep ditches.
“We’re going to drive your truck over hard rocks, in water holes, and other tall not flat obstacles. Is this safe for me?” She frowns with concern and turns to see the windshield.
Moving in front of each row of trucks and bikes, an ancient tan colored Suburban slowly steers over the flat grass and then parks in the middle of the first row. The driver’s seat open wide. A person slides out and then stands upright on top of the lift.
Inside the truck cab, Breck smiles at her. “Naw, this is fun.”
“Is this fun for you?” She frowns with worry at Breck.
“This is fun for us. I’ll take care of you, doll. You’re in my safe hands here,” he chuckles with overconfidence handing her a red colored helmet, leaning into her face with a smirk. “Gimme another kiss for luck!”
She leans over and kisses his lips, pulling back with a smile, accepting the helmet, staring down at the hard plastic. “What’s this thing?”
“That’s a helmet. We’re all required to wear a helmet during the mudder event for our safety and protection of any unexpected event,” he slides the helmet over his blonde hair roots and as his vision catches the movement in front of the trucks. Breck looks up with a smile to see Flamingo.
Flamingo climbs on top of the running board on the Suburban and waves an arm in the air for attention before staring the Annual Mudder Race.
Inside the truck cab, Lacey frowns down at the helmet. “No thank you. That helmet will mess up my hair. I don’t wanna wear a helmet. You’re driving the truck, not me,” she flings the helmet toward an empty spot next to her leg on top of the long leather bench.
He turns and frowns over her blonde tinted roots, wearing the matching red tinted helmet. “You gotta wear the helmet. Or you cannot ride with me.”
She exhales with annoyance and then reaches over, grabbing the helmet. “Fine! All right! But you have too many rules here. I don’t like rules. I like freedom and doing things my way or the highway, boy,” she slides the helmet over her skull with a sour frown in silence.
He continues to frown down at the top of the red helmet, saying into the mouth piece on his helmet. “I like freedom, too, Lacey. But I like to follow all the rules, especially all the rules set by mama, because I respect and love my mama,” he returns back to see Flamingo and then taps on the steering wheel with excitement and nervousness.
She curls her orange-tinted lipstick with a sour frown while staring at Flamingo, saying through the mouth piece inside her helmet. “Why did Flamingo ask me about the brand named famed blue jeans?”
He chuckles via the mouth piece inside his helmet. “A true redneck girl wears a brand of famed blue jeans, which you’re missing. But you look cute to me in your blue jean skirt,” he turns and winks at the side of her helmet.
“I can get some brand name famed blue jeans too. Would that please your brother Flamingo?” She says into the mouth piece inside the helmet.
He continues to listen to her voice through a specific radio frequency that is tuned inside their set of matching red tinted helmets without interfering with the other conversations with the mudders. He exhales with anticipating and a smile, staring at his brother. “I don’t know. Flamingo, he’s very hard to please. Let’s get the webbing secured over your precious body,” Breck says into his mouthpiece and turns with a smile, reaching down, pulling the nylon web netting over her breasts and rib cage for the upcoming rough ride through the mud and muck.
She giggles with silliness and then reaches up, touching his hands with a smile. “I love your touch. It…it’s so special to my heart.”
In front of the rows of trucks and bikers, Flamingo smashes down his helmet head gear over his backwards baseball cap with the free hand while still standing on top of the running board on the Suburban, waving an arm hand for attention.
Each driver helmet and passenger helmet, compliments of Arie and the police department, is specially designed with a voice transmitter and a receiver in case of a life-saving emergency, where the police will response immediately.
Flamingo hangs onto the car roof top while communicating into his mouth piece with the familiar instructions into each helmet. “Listen up, ya’ll! Warning rules, that I ain’t repeating. Watch each other for a sagging suspension coil or a drooping front axle or a dragging rear axle. Any sign or signs of mechanic distress, then signal me and I’ll pull in the rescue crew from the rear and tow your ass back home to your mama.”
A series of loud horn toot, a grill of headlights blinks off and on, and each exhaust pipe steams within the blue sky.
He ducks his helmet down into the Suburban and then remerges with a smile and a hand pistol. “If no problems, we will see each one of you, redneck at the river bank,” nodding without laughing too much into the mouth piece.
A series of loud horn toot, a grill of headlights blinks off and on, and each exhaust pipe steams within the blue sky.
He waves the hand pistol in the air waves at each driver. “Okay! Okay. All right! Settle down! Settle your asses down! We do roll call now!” The noise turns quiet. He says into the mouth piece. “Bikers, kick stands up. Vision flaps down. Blink your set of head lights at pretty me,” he hangs onto the roof top and watches the numerous yellow tinted bulbs flash at his handsome face.
In reality, Flamingo is checking for any timing delays within the bright vivid white colors coming from the pair of front headlights or any red tail lights, not reflecting against the grills of the trucks, which can indicate poor energy level of a battery or worse an electric malfunction of the engine on the bike and more trouble for the biker.
This is race day and sometimes things just happen like cow shit hitting the fan.
He is satisfied with the brief light show from each motorcycle and then says into the mouth piece inside his helmet. “Ready!”
Each biker leans down and almost eats the handle bars.
He says into the mouth piece inside his helmet. “Rev!”
Each biker flips the bar handle, roaring with a loud muffler.
He smiles into the mouthpiece inside his helmet. “Ride!” Then Flamingo aims the gun toward the mountain side and then shoots off the pistol, starting the Annual Motorcycle Race. The single flying bullet soars over each tree tops and then lands safely inside an empty cow pasture without harming an animal or a human.
Each biker performs a jump or a spin or a leap into the air soaring like a bird toward the single dirt road while scattering two by twos or by singles around the parked Suburban and Flamingo. Cinco is the biker leader.
On top of the running board on the Suburban vehicle, Flamingo spins around with a smile and watches the disappearance of each tiny machine that flows over the small dirt and grass hill, swinging back around, staring with a smile at the rows of parked jacked-up pickup trucks. He says through the mouth piece inside his helmet. “Roll call, mudders! Blast your horn at pretty me!” Each truck horn loudly sounds. “Toot your stack at pretty me!” Each exhaust pipe releases a plume of white tinted steam.
Flamingo says through the mouth piece inside his helmet. “Burn both the grill and headlights at pretty me,” he observes each acute bright flash. “Ready!”
Each truck flips the set of grill headlights into bright.
“Steam!”
Each exhaust pipe pours out a plume of white steam into the skyline.
“Go!” Flamingo says into the mouth piece and then aims, firing the hand gun with a single bang toward the mountain side, staring the Annual Mudder Race. The single flying bullet soars over each tree tops and then lands safely inside an empty cow pasture without harming an animal or a human.
Each jacked-up pickup truck swiftly fights for the lead position and then steers toward a single dirt road. Driver Brett and his passenger Fannie claims the leader of the pack as each truck falls into a single file behind the lead truck.
Breck floors the gasoline pedal as the two bodies jerk forward within the tight webbing in a violent motion. He trails behind the rear bumper on Brett.


Dirt road setting
05:05 pm


The long parade of truck on top of the dirt road forms a single file and then scatters in an array of tiny dots that contains both running motorcycles and moving trucks which gleam in paint color of yellow or green or red or orange or blue or green or black.
Then each set of red blazing tail lights drop down into a deep pothole and then flies upright back on top of the hard clay ground, speeding ahead toward the river bank.
The dirt road is usually traveled by a slow moving farm tractor that drags a farm plow for the crop field or a slow-moving pickup truck that hauls bales of yellow tinted hay for the cows.
Or a repair truck from Birmingham Power Company monitors each gigantic steel electricity transformer for problems. Each extremely tall and silver tinted electricity transformer feeds an array of electric power into three different counties including every home lamp, air-conditioning system for each house and business from the cow town of Lacy Springs into metro city Huntsville and over into the city of Decatur.
Down in the valley, each rumbling jacked up truck scoots around each tall metal transformer like a tiny ant.
Cinco leads all of the bikers whisking around each metal transformer with lighting speed on top of the worn dirt path
Each truck speeds behind a little slower in a true racing form pattern.
Twos by twos, Breck drives ahead through the valley of the metal transformers and then slowly edges ahead the front bumper on Brett’s truck while tailing the last biker.
Inside the truck cab, next to him, Lacey yells with a grin into the mouth piece of her helmet. “Faster! Go, faster, Breck! Beat him up! Go and get him, Breck!”
Breck punches the gasoline pedal with more power as his truck soars over the small hill into the air and then swiftly drops down on top of the packed dirt, shaking her skull side to side as she giggles. The truck bolts down the dirt road tossing out brown sand, small pebbles, and red clay into Brett’s dirty windshield. Then the truck tops a second hillside sailing straight up into the sky again, landing down with a heavy jolt on the front axle in the hard dirt. The front tire bounces to the left and then to the right.
On top of the long bench, she screams out loud and tosses both arms in the air. “No!” 
He chuckles and concentrates on the forward air-borne driving while watching for the next hill. “Hang on!” He guns the gasoline pedal toward a four-foot deep land trench which is filled with only dark brown muddy water.
She points at the dirty windshield with worry. “Water ahead! Stop! There’s a hole of water ahead! Stop! Don’t go into the water, Breck!” Lacey screams into her microphone.
“Mudder,” he grins into his microphone. The passenger front tire hits the thick mud first slowing the inertia of the truck.
She violently flings backward into the soft leather, gasping for air molecules without scream in fear.
The truck slowly sinks down into the brown muck almost touching the front axle as the set of twirling front tires propel the truck in a forward motion displacing oceans of brown water over the grill, the four wheel fenders, and the other three windows. The truck spins to the left and then to the right.
He compensates inside the brown muck of deep water, twirling the wheel with his set of reflex lightning speed using both gloved hands. He steadies the truck inside the slippery earth soil, grunting with his victory feat.
She yells into her microphone and waves both arms in the air while repeatedly hitting his bicep. “Get us outta of here now! I want out of here. Get me outta of here right now!”
He presses the gasoline pedal for more power as the truck spins in place without forward movement. He chuckles into his mouth piece, “Stuck.” He releases the gasoline pedal and slams on the brake pedal while creating a set of seasick waves of motion inside the small water hole.
She screams into her microphone. “No!”
“We’re stuck, babe,” he sniggers into the mouth piece and holds the truck inside the mud hole while flinging both water and mud particles over the front wind shield, each side mirror, the roof top, the hood scoop, and both side windows. They are blinded by mud without seeing any tiny speck of bright yellow sunlight. He activates the window wipers seeing the same landscape again.
“I want out of here, right now, Breck. I want out, right now!” She shouts into her mouthpiece, reaching over, banging her kneecap against the leather console and then against Breck. “Get us outta of here, right now!”
He jerks the steering wheel to the side while cradling the truck in the middle of the mud and then presses the gasoline pedal. The truck slides to the right side for another turn of fun.
He works both the gasoline and the brake pedals quickly in total session slowly wiggling the truck toward a shoreline of wet red clay. He twists the steering wheel wickedly to the left and then to the right while slowly zig-zagging out the mud puddle, landing on wet land. He steers ahead with great speed over the flat dry ground with a smile.
“This is great! This is the right direction! Yeah, let’s go home, Breck! You did a good job!” She fingers the dirty window shield with a nod while sliding to the left and then the right inside the webbed netting, exhaling with worry. She wants the mudder race done.
“Rock garden ahead,” he continues to drive over the worn natural pathway. The truck steers toward a forty feet high of reddish shimmery clay overgrown with green plant ferns, blueberry bushes, and young tree trunks, trying to survive on the Bama mountain side, without sunshine.
“A flower garden does not have a set of rocks,” she frowns with confusion at the advancing tiny wilderness of fall colors through the dirty windshield.
He continues to steer and smiles into the mouth piece. “This garden has rocks, not any of my mama’s soft sissy flowers either. So, the truck climbs over each hard flower…”
She gasps in fear, “No way!”
The truck climbs up a low-lying tan and brown-whitish polished, smooth flat boulder using the left tire. He steers the truck and smiles into his mouth piece. “The rock looks like a fluffy pancake making me hungry for lunch.” The right tire hits a second smooth flat boulder propelling the truck off the dirt and up into the air acting like a crawling cockroach.
“No!” She shouts into her mouth piece and waves both hands in the air, slapping against his bicep. 
One tire at a time swiftly soars up the rock staircase onto the pancake-shaped stones four times, before the truck finally halts on top of the flat surface.
She points out the side window with worry. “This is too high from the ground. I’m going to die, right here. Get me down from here, immediately! I don’t like heights. I hate heights. I love the ground and the dirt and the grass.”
He roars the engine and then stomps the brakes while working each boot toes on the gasoline pedal and then the brake pedal with a set of precise reflexes for better engine performance as the truck tap dances back and forth on top of the flat surface. The truck is six feet above the soil.
She screams into her mouthpiece and slams his bicep with both hands. “Get me down now! I want down from here right now! I don’t like this. I hate this. I’m getting seasick from the motion,” she holds her stomach, nodding.
He continues to cuddle the steering wheel, not his girl for safety, saying with a soft chuckle into his mouth piece. “Well, this has been fun. Now, it’s time to go and win a race,” he taps the gasoline pedal as the truck swiftly pulls forward and then quickly dives almost vertically down from the flat rock surface toward the flat clay dirt.
“No!” She screams into her mouth piece in panic and fear, extending both arms, holding onto the console for the impact.
He pumps the brake pedal jolting the long bench seat back and forth inside the cab.
She continues to scream into her mouth piece, reaching over with one hand, punching his bicep.
He can’t feel anything on his sitting body, jerking the stirring wheel to the right and then to the left over each smooth flat rock, finally touching the front right tire on top of the hard clay ground with a loud thump. The rest of the truck slowly crawls off the last rock and then slowly stands on top of the flat ground of red clay.
She leans back into the leather seat, pulling on the web netting with fearful relief. “I’m so glad that’s over with,” she wipes the sweat from her face with a smile, “Where do we go next, sugar? Is the finish line really close? I can’t see it for the thicket of trees.” 
“We are heading into the Valley of the…”
“Valley of the dead!” She smiles into the mouth piece and stares into the thicket of trees, “Geez! That sounds like the name of a horror picture. Really, how unoriginal is that? You, mudders don’t possess much of an imagination, do ya’ll?” She laughs into the mouth piece and nods the helmet.
“Valley of the Snakes.”
“Snakes!” She hisses the word with great fear. The approaching thicket is composed of tall and wide overstory canopy of thick green tinted leaves and low brown colored tree branches that covers ninety-nine percent of the blue sky. Tiny beams barely peek-a-boo through the thick canopy from each bright sun ray burning down into the wet red clay, offering tiny shimmery yellow beams, directly coming from heaven.
The speed of the truck slows down and then veers directly into the thicket of dark green tinted forest with numerous low hanging tree limbs that are covered in thick green tinted leaves, whipping the rooftop of the truck to the left and then to the right around each limb.
She points with a gasp at the wiggling object, “Snake!”
“This is called the Valley of the Snakes,” he slowly glides the truck safely around each low hanging tree limb, swinging each wheel to the left of the second tree trunk, saying with a smile into his mouth piece. “The object is to maneuver around each dangling snake. If you accidentally hit one of the snakes, then you’re immediately disqualified from the Mudder Race.”
She exhales with worry. “I say to run ‘em all down and then get us the outta of Dodge City right now. Who’s going to know if you hit of one of these vile serpents?”
“The snake will, darling!” He chuckles into his mouthpiece. “And all the other mudders that are lining up behind my rear bumper will know also as each one stares and then observes the killed poor beast.”
She exhales with annoyance and wraps both arms around her body. “More rules!”
“More snakes!” He smiles as one of the dangling snakes falls down from the limb and then lands on top of the hood snoop.
She points and screams at the snake on top of the hood. “No! No! No! Get us outta here right now! I hate snakes. I hate this tree. I hate this race.”
“Stay cool, Lacey! A snake is a harmless and useful creature here on planet Earth that helps us by eating all the bugs and pests and…”
“Out! Get it off the truck now! Get it off the truck right now!” She jabs a finger and yells into her mouth piece at the snake. The live snake slithers ahead and crawls over the windshield feeling the heat of the engine and slowly moves toward one of the lower tree limbs and then it disappears from the windshield.
Breck taps into the same channel which is shared by the other mudders to communicate a set of common information. “Is the snake off my rooftop, Brett?”
“Clear, Breck! The beauty is safely up inside the tree limb.” Brett says via the mouthpiece.
“Thanks, Brett. Okay. It’s your turn now, bro.” Breck slowly drives away from the first set of trees and then slowly maneuvers around a second grove of trees, seeing the open field in the close distance.
“Move faster, before another snake hits the hood on the truck,” she jabs a finger and a sneer at the opening.
“Stay calm, dear. As my Grandma Dunlap would say, the point of mudding is getting in touch with our nature roots. And a nest of snakes is part of our farm life here in Lacy Spring.”
She frowns into the mouthpiece. “A snake is not a part of my life ever. I hate snakes. I hate trees. I hate the forest too.”
The truck slowly exits out the Valley of the Snakes natural habituate and then swiftly leads all the other mudders that have to slowly plow through the snake home. In the distance, several crooked lines of individual tiny dots represent each dirt bike rider. Breck guns the gasoline pedal, swaying the tailgate to the left side while speeding toward a tall and tan colored corn field.
Each biker applies the red tinted brake lights while traveling toward the corn field.
Breck smiles into the mouthpiece, “Gotcha!”
“What…what happens to us and to them? The bikers are all slowing down their speed. Thank gawd! This is finally done. The end of the race thingy is here.” She hears the engine roar as the truck kick into fast motion. Then a force of forward gravity violently jerks her body backwards into the soft leather seat.
He speeds the truck forward toward the first horizontal rows that contained brown tinted and dead ten-foot high stalks of planted corn still standing inside an abused corn field.
She stares through the dirty windshield and frowns into her mouthpiece. “Why? Why are we going faster in the truck? You’re supposed to be slowing down before hitting that object,” she fingers the crop field with a sigh. “That’s a corn field, not a flat field, not a smooth road, not a flat surface, where a truck drives on.”
“The truck will drive through a few stalks of corn on the way toward the river bank. This is the designated raceway for each mudder. Or you must quit or get stuck,” he smiles into his mouthpiece “And this is the final obstacle in the Annual Mudder Race.”
“This is not an obstacle; it’s a fully grown field of extremely tall corn plants that hold corn also.”
“Naw. We harvested all the corn stalks about two weeks ago. This is field contains the leftover corn stalks with some corn husks on the stem. But each tall and hard stalk hurts when it hits your face, even with the helmet on,” he grins into the mouthpiece. “Let’s take a little ride!”
“No!” She jabs a finger and a gasp at the advancing dead and ugly numerous rows of corn stalks.
He drives between a pair of slow-traveling dirt bikes. She turns and stares at the yellow colored bike. The biker stops and then waits for something. Breck steers through the rows of corn stalks and smiles into his mouthpiece. “Each biker can’t hit the semi-hard husks without acquiring some bad physical body damage. So, each smart biker tarries behind each mudder truck. Then each mudder truck hauls ass down toward the river bank, the finish line. “Yeehaw!”
She scans the windshield and then points at the biker. “That’s a blue bike. Who’s that?”
Breck twists the wheel to the left straightening up the truck, pressing the gasoline pedal for more power. The truck hits the next row of corn stalks. Each yellow tinted stalk explodes prettily against the steel grill and then the large chunks fly up and onto the hood scoop, falling back down underneath the front axle or sideways over each fender flare, and smashing down with a mudder tire over the other downed corn huskers. He laughs into his mouthpiece.
Lacey screams into her mouthpiece and covers her face with both hands. “No!”
He views the rear view window staring at the blue dirt bike that bites his rear bumper. “Come on, Cinco!”
She turns and views her side mirror seeing the blue dirt biker. “He follows us.”
“Cinco eats my dust literally from my corn husk dust. He jumps, jerks, and jolts through, around, and over upright the squashed stalks, after I bat them down with the set of mudder tires…”
“What is a mudder?”
“The wheels are called mudder tires,” he views the rear view mirror. 
Cinco slides to the right, then moves around the slick silky stalk and finally cuts back to the right.
“Stick with me, Cinco.” Breck smiles into the mouthpiece. The truck plows ahead at fifteen-miles-per-hour moving down the dead corn field. “We are almost there. We have another fifty feet of corn stalks. Then each driver hits an unplowed crop field and runs down the tree line veering to the right, doing down the hillside into the river banks.” The truck clears the last row corn stalks as the front tires bounce to the left then to the right over the un-even earth rows inside an unplowed field.
Her two breasts shake side to side beneath her orange shirt and as she frowns in silence annoyance.
At the rear tail gate, Cinco flips the handle bar down and then scoots around, flying ahead of Breck, hitting a large pile of dirt, soaring the bike into the air. The bike lands down the front tire impacting the soft chuck of earth, trailing a set of red dirt particles like drifting snow flakes. Cinco continues to hit each rough pile of soil and then soars over the dirt, landing onto semi-flat ground.
Inside the truck cab, Breck cheers into the mouthpiece for his brother, “Yeehaw!”
“I bet Cinco wins all the time too. You, three brothers seem to win everything all the time,” she stares with a sour frown through the dirty windshield and wraps both arms around her body.
He continues to steer and chuckles into his mouthpiece. “I can’t argue with that. Cinco seems to magically win the local Annual Motorcycle Race each year. He drives one of the lightest and best handling machines in stock with a four-stroke cylinder engine and a manual five-speed transmission that travels at a maximum speed forty-five miles per hour, depending on the weight of the driver, of course. All of it lists for a price tag of eight thousand dollars.”
On top of the unplowed field, Cinco jumps the next chump of soil and then soars into the air, landing back down on the rear wheel, twirling the bike sideways, instead of straight. He tilts and then slides over the piles of dirt, stopping in a wheelie crash.
Inside the truck cab, Lacey exhales with annoyance and frowns into the mouthpiece while watching Cinco. “And Cinco has just crashed his eight-thousand-dollar motorcycle.”
Breck slowly steers the truck over each rough pile of dirt and smiles into his mouthpiece, passing the grounded bike and Cinco, “Naw. Cinco, he’s okay. He’s getting up from the dirt. The bike is okay enough to finish the race, so Cinco can win this year also. But, he’ll need a new one for next year’s motorcycle race.”
On top of the unplowed field, Cinco stands upright from the dirt without injury and then leans over, picking up the dirt bike. He slips back down onto the seat and then re-starts the engine, revving the bar handle and then races ahead, catching up with Breck.
Breck continues to lead his brother Cinco, the other bikers, and other mudders, climbing over a small hill, forming a straight line again. The truck steers down the hill and then moves over the strip of smooth clay dirt that is enclosed one each side with rows of short and tall overstory leafed trees. No machine can pass Breck’s truck.
However, Cinco swiftly slinks ahead and poses beside Breck’s window, raising his arm in the air for his victory.
Breck slows the speed and cheers into the mouthpiece for his brother, “Yeehaw.”
In the close distance, a set of tiny figures of humans stand upright within Lacey’s eyeballs as she points to the unfamiliar sight. “That looks like…”
“…Flamingo. He is posted at the finish line with the finish flag.”
She exhales with more annoyance and tosses both arms into the air. “Now, I see clearly. You and your two brothers win everything with your set of best toys and your set of best brothers behind you.”
He smiles into the mouthpiece, “Naw. We’re just the best mudders around the town of Lacy Spring. That’s all!” 
Each biker follows the straight line but some of the bikers form a horizontal row that roars up the tail pipe on Breck, since each biker cannot pass between Breck’s truck without damaging the rider or the tiny machine.
Lacey stares ahead and frowns into his mouthpiece. “Is Cinco going to let you win the race?”


Finish line setting
Hot temperatures, bright sunlight, and cool shade
05:47 pm


On top of the dry dirt, Flamingo stands upright from the folding chair, wearing two females around his chest, drinking a cold beer as each female holds an individual flag pole that displays the State of Alabama symbol, a white background and bright red letter X.
He leans over and then kisses the smooth cheekbone on the girl on his right whispering into her eardrum. She extends the flag sideways from her body as it softly flaps in the cool breeze.
Then he leans over and kisses the smooth cheekbone on the other girl on his left side, whispering the same order. She extends her flag.
Inside the truck cab, Breck smiles into his mouthpiece, “Naw. Cinco wins over the bikers, while I win over the other mudder trucks. Do you see the two separate State of Alabama flags? When waved, each flag represents the winner of each bike and truck race. Cinco is heading toward the flag for his victory dance on the right side of Flamingo. I’m going to the left side of Flamingo for my victory wave. Then we all party for the rest of the night like a good set of cowgirls and cowboys.”
Breck drives ahead and then passes the State of Alabama flag on the left side as the teen girl waves it up and down while confirming his race victory.
Inside the truck cab, “Finally, this thing is done.” Lacey exhales with frustration, crossing both arms over her body with a sour frown.


River bank setting
Red mud and greenish black fresh water river
Hot temperatures with cool shade and bright sunlight
06:10 pm


At the river bank, the camp site is prepared for the arriving mudders. Babbie likes to watch the dirt bike event especially seeing Cinco win another Annual Motorcycle Race.
The race tests the rider’s true grit fierceness, endurance and strength, which is only for the strongest of all the bike riders.
She prefers to ride inside Suburban with mellow Flamingo and then stops, staying here at the camp site. She scouts out their sleeping spot on the top of the river bank, away from the grounded nests of little gray mice. Every mouse is a happy target for each copperhead snake that hides among the green tinted woodlands.
Cinco hates snakes preferring to camp in the mud puddles underneath the bright stars rather than underneath a tree limb with a dangling object that holds a pair of slanted eyeballs and a mouth of drooling fangs.
Babbie stands upright on top of the mud and guards their sleeping spot while watching with a smile.
Cinco races ahead slipping and then sliding the speeding bike on the wet mud and glides both his body and his bike into a death stop, before hitting the grove of tall pine trees. He swings off the machine and stands in the mud.
The other bikers race ahead, stop and then debarks from the machine a few second behind winner Cinco. Each biker slams a high-five and then fist-bump for victory and then performs a silly chest-bump for a third round of fun and laughs.
On top of the mud, Cinco tosses the helmet down from his sweaty skull onto the muddy grass, entertaining the girls with a strip tease. He peels off the mud-covered protective body armor from his chest, both collar bones, both of the arms, both of the legs down to his leather boots. He reveals a set of smooth naked sculptured biceps and eight-pack abs, wearing a pair of blue colored swimming trunks, wiggling his naked bone toes in the mud.
Then he leads ahead a set of semi-naked teen boys and girls toward a vertical swing rope that hangs onto a tree limb at the edge of the muddy river bank. The rope flies toward the sparkling greenish muddy water on the Tennessee River.
Cinco reaches out and grabs the rope alone, swinging ahead, moving toward the water. His two naked hands release the taunt rough fibers and as Cinco falls down into the cold river water with a rebel yell, “Yeehaw!” He submerges down into the water cutting off the yell.
On top of the mud bank, Babbie is the next rider of the rope and reaches out, grabbing the rope, swinging over the water with a smile. She releases the rope and then drops down, following behind Cinco down into the cold river water, wearing her bikini. She surfaces and then bobs above the water smiling at Cinco, swimming away from each falling teen.
Cinco swims ahead underneath the water and then emerges on the surface away from the rope position, waiting for her, reaching out and pulls Babbie into his smiling face.
They laugh and then kiss while slowly floating together down the current stream toward a private flat rock landing and then exits from the water.
On top of the dirt soil, Breck steers the truck over the outer river banks, sliding to the left and then to the right straightening out the front grill and then slides through the muddy grass. He finally stops and parks the truck far away from the blazing bonfire.
Inside the truck cab, Lacey stares ahead with a frown at the pretty woodlands. “Why are we so far away from the growling and glowing red and yellow bonfire?”
The other trucks pass by Breck and then halt, parking on the right and one the left side of Breck’s truck.
Breck reaches down and un-belts the web netting, removing the helmet with a smile, placing the helmet on the slanted dashboard. “We park in a semi-circle…”
“…for an impending Indian attack,” Lacey removes her helmet with a giggle and then tosses it down the long seat.
“The winner gets to park further away from the fire.”
She studies the blazing fire beyond the thick grove of trees that stands inside a clearing of mud in front of the river water. “Why does the winner get to park far away from the fire? That doesn’t make any sense. We’ll get cold out here inside the truck as the air temperature drops down low, after the sun sets.”
He leans down and smiles into her cheekbone. “Then, we use our bodies to warm our feet.” She turns and giggles in his face him. Breck grins, “Gimme a kiss!”
She leans over and kisses his cheekbone, pulling back with a grin.
The other mudder drivers slide out a seat as a set of doors slam shut. Each teen scoots and slides around the mud puddle moving ahead toward the jacked-up Suburban for a pack of survival supplies.
Inside the truck cab, Breck sits upright and then leans down, opening the door, dropping down into the wet grass and muddy clay. He leans over the long beach and extends both hands toward her.
Lacey slowly glides across the long bench and lands inside his biceps sideways.
He catches and cuddles her with a chuckle, leaning down, pecking a kiss onto top of her lavender smelling blonde hair.
She smiles.
He gently sits her boot heels down into the muddy grass with a smile. “Now, we go and gather our supplies a sleeping bag and a blankets and then we fill up our bellies. Then, we work it off dancing by the moonlight.” He winks as she giggles.
They turn and hold hands slowly strolling toward the same jacked-up Suburban.
In front of the Suburban, Flamingo sits inside a bright orange tinted cheap beach chair between the two girls in the same matching beach chair, plucking each string on the guitar. He smiles and sings with the girls, who clap with a smile.
On top of the muddy grass, Lacey jabs a finger with a smile at Flamingo. “Flamingo can sing very well.”
Breck cuddles her with a smile. “We’re triplets. We do things like sings and bangs very well,” then he releases her and then dances around her body over the mud, slipping sideways, moving away from her.
She turns and giggles at his set of silly dance moves. “Are you talented like Flamingo, too?”
He scoots over and then cuddles her, leaning down, giving a light kiss on top of her hair roots and pulls back with a smile. “I am more talented than Flamingo in more ways than one.”
On the other side of the bonfire, Cinco and Babbie have returned back from the rock platform and now body wrestle in the mud near the river bank.
She fingers them. “Is that mud wrestling event over here?”
“Naw. It’s a private event for them only. Cinco is scared of snakes and snakes didn’t like mud. They hide in the bushes or the trees.”
She looks up with a worried brow and studies each low hanging branch on each tree, thinking about a snake. The thick woodlands line each side on the river bank. She halts with a gasp and then points to the parked truck. “Did they find a snake inside the truck bed?” She stands next to Breck. He stops and stares at the loud commotion also.
Inside the other truck bed, Brett stands in the middle facing his girl Fannie and the other mudders with their girlfriends, who have stopped their activity and spies on the action.
Fannie stomps back and forth in front of the lowered tailgate on the Brett’s truck, crossing both arms while fuming in angry at his childish behavior.
Inside the truck bed, Brett stands beside his high school friend Doyle, waving the cold barrel of a rifle, pointing the weapon at poor tree branch as they both chuckle with silliness.
One of the younger patrolling sheriff deputies stops and stands at the lowered tail gate on Brett’s truck with a worried brow, then leaps on top of the gate, wobbling side to side over the uneven trailer and then stops with a sneer. He reaches out and grabs the neck on Brett, jerking the loaded weapon with the other hand, saying with a growl into the eardrum of Brett. “Boy, where did you get that gun?”
A second young deputy moves ahead toward the truck bed too and tags behind the first one with a bright smile and then stops, standing beside his buddy, reaching out and pats the weapon like a puppy. “That weapon is a Russian rifle, son.”
The first deputy releases the neck muscle on Brett with a laugh but holds the Russian rifle. Then they both swing around and then leap off the truck gate, landing down into the soft dirt, holding the gun and admiring the design.
Inside the truck bed, Brett wobbles ahead with Doyle.
Doyle quickly leaps off the tail gate and then soars in the air, landing down in the mud, slipping over the wet surface. He dashes ahead toward his girlfriend with a set of chuckles and outta of trouble with the local sheriff deputies.
The two sheriff deputies are stationed here to maintain the peace and that includes any weapons, such like, a gun, a rifle, a club or a knife. And they can arrest any teenager that does not want to comply with their verbal orders also.
Brett stands on top of the tailgate and points down with a sneer at the rifle. “Hey! That weapon belongs to my daddy. I took it from my daddy’s gun safe, because I know the right electronic number combination, since my daddy give to me. Give it back, right now!”
“Get inside, boy!” The second deputy whips out his pair of silver tinted shiny police hand cuffs with a smile and points down into the truck bed. Brett slams both of his legs against the metal with a gasp. The deputy jabs a finger and a sneer at Brett. “Now, I’m the police officer here. You are the criminal here. And you are under temporary police arrest until me and my fellow police officer clears the authenticity of this Russian-made hand gun which might take…” he turns and winks at his co-worker. “How long do you think it will take to clear the authenticity of this Russian-made hand gun, bud?”
The first deputy looks down with a smile at the weapon and then lifts up, holding five fingers near his jaw line.
The second deputy laughs with a nod, “All right! I agree with my co-worker also,” he returns back with a grin to see Brett. “It will take us five hours to clear the authenticity of this Russian-made gun, so you relax and enjoy your imprisonment.”
Brett jumps back inside the trunk bed with a worried brow and hits the tool box with a gasp in alarm.
The second deputy jumps upright and then strolls inside the truck bed, moving ahead toward Brett with a chuckle and stops, leaning down. He cuffs one hand on Brett to a short lead pole for holding a canoe. He smiles at Brett. “We’ll be back and release your arm after five or so hours,” he slowly stands upright with a chuckle and then swings around winking to Fannie, thumbing back over a collar bone at Brett. “Fannie, you’re in charge of protection on Brett’s body. We don’t want any free roaming coyotes attacking the teen while he’s still cuffed inside the truck bed.”
“Yeehaw!” Fannie crawls up onto the tailgate and then stands upright with a smile, wobbling over the truck bed toward Brett, who innocently is crouched down into the side corner. She wears a big grin and stops, squatting down, slowly crawling toward Brett and puckers her red lipstick painted lips. “You and I will make love all night long.”
Brett yells with fear. “Fannie, don’t…” Then he is silenced.
On top of the semi-dry dirt, Lacey laughs out loud with a hoot, tossing an arm into the air. Breck drops open his mouth in awe, staring at the truck bed that hid Brett and his girlfriend Fannie.
Lacey reaches out and tugs Breck back toward the hay wagon, saying with a smile. “A wagon is filled with yellow hay in the middle of a river,” she stands in front of the Suburban wagon, shaking her curls.
Breck leans into her face. “For each biker and their date, since they don’t have a truck. The trucker gets both the truck and the girl. Let’s go and join the dance.”
Lacey tosses her arms in the air with a sour frown. “No! A single strand of processed barn hay contains these little chiggers. I don’t wanna get my skin bitten.”
He smiles. “Naw. And I’m the one that going to bit your precious body.”
“No chiggers,” She shakes her curls.
“Okay. How about some food, darling? I worked up a good appetite,” he tenderly kisses her forehead, leading towards the bonfire. The bonfire is surrounded a circular array of baby cooking grills in front of fire, displaying aluminum coated food stuffs: BBQ chicken, corn on the cob, sweet potatoes, and tins of baked beans. Breck grabs an empty metal pail.
She stares with a frown down at the steel implement which is usually used to mop the kitchen floor. “Ugh! That’s a mopping pail. Don’t put my food inside a mopping pail!”
“Naw, darling! This is a set of new tin pails from Harvey’s Hardware Store on Hough Street. Doyle’s dad donated the new set of tin pails for our heated bonfire, while we celebrate the Labor Day weekend among the stars and the mud.” He dings the light tin with a chuckle. “He donated the little tin bowls used on hunting trips for deer too. Do you like baked beans?” He scoots around the different baby grills with individual items of cooked food.
She shakes her curls and crosses her arms. “No! I don’t like baked brown looking beans. What else is on the menu? What’s inside the big foil?”
“Barbeque chicken,” Breck reaches out and then grabs four separate pieces of chicken, placing inside his tin pail. “Do you like the breast or the leg or the thigh? Or do you like all three pieces? I like all three. What’s your preference, princess?”
She studies the hidden food items. “Barbeque, do you carry any grilled chicken breast of white meat?”
He picks up each supper items with a smile. “Naw, dear! Barbeque chicken, sweet potatoes, corn-on-the-cob and baked beans and this...”
Lacey fingers the cooler with an assortment of plastic bottles that look like colored water. “What’s that?”
“Muscadine wine…”
“Wine!” Lacey frowns with confusion.
Breck grabs a bottle of cold beer. “And there is a cooler of cold bottles of beer. Do you wanna beer, doll? The muscadine wine is really good dessert wine. It’s sweet, because sugar is added to the winemaking method. Doctors recommend muscadine wine to improve cardiovascular health, one glass of wine per day...”
“Are you a medical physician?”
“My grandmother likes the stuff and quotes that as she pours it down into a very large tumbler in front of my grandfather.”
She frowns. “Maybe later, I’ll drink a diet soda.”
Breck hands the cold can of soda to her. Lacey fingers each food item that she desires to consume. He places each food item inside her tin pails with a roll of paper towels and two spoons, grabbing another cold bottle of beer.
Lacey watches Cinco play with Babbie.
Cinco and Babbie are both covered from the top of their hair roots and down to each toe nail in a mixture of greenish-black mud and brown sand.
Babbie stands upright on her two palms and her two kneecaps in the middle of red mud. Cinco poses on his two kneecaps. Both arms are stretched up toward the sky, tossing a skull backwards, yelling with a smile. “Charge!” Then he falls down in top of her back spine wrapping both his arms around her throat.
Babbie is quicker, kicking her foot outwards into his abs, missing.
They laugh and play like a set of elementary school kids.
Cinco grabs her kneecap, sliding it to the right as Babbie loses balance. She plows down on her breasts, rib cage, tummy, legs into the mud. Then Cinco body slams on top of her back spine.
They laugh and smile again.
Babbie tries to stand from with hunky Cinco, covering her skull, held by both his muddy hands down to her feet.
Cinco entwines his legs and feet around her legs, preventing her from standing.
They laugh again as their sweet echo crosses the Tennessee River water and then upward into the skyline.
Cinco stands upright from the mud on his toe bones as Babbie flips in the opposite direction, slamming her back muscles against the mud. Cinco growls with greenish-black teeth then slowly lowers his body over her.
They giggle then quiet. They kiss, sucking each other’s face.
Near the bonfire, Breck points with a smile at Flamingo. “We can eat beside Flamingo and his two girls. There is set of extra chairs.”
Lacey frowns. “No! I do not want to seat beside Flamingo. He doesn’t like me. Why doesn’t Flamingo like me, Breck?”
“Flamingo only likes himself. Don’t worry your pretty head about it. Then we can park it…”
“No! I do not want to be near a mud puddle or the hay wagon over there,” she fingers the naked woodlands.
“How’s about we sit on the edge of the tailgate on my truck?” Breck holds the two pails in one fist and her hand in the other, leading back toward his truck and stops. He opens the driver’s door, planting the two pails in the seat. Lacey tries to climb inside the trunk cabin. He smiles. “Naw, babe! We eat our food from the pails on the tailgate.”
She jumps down from the lift and lands on top of the dirt. “It’s dirty with bugs and mud, Breck. Your entire truck is covered in wet and dry mud, wet and dry clay and brown muck…”
“My baby just needs washing. The muck washes off. You can help me, tomorrow…”
“No! I don’t wash a pickup truck for any reason.”
He winks. “Okay. Stand here! Let me peel the cover back from the truck bed.” Breck spin around and whistles.
Flamingo jerks to the familiar sound and waves at Breck. He stands upright from the chair and struts toward Breck with a smile. “Hey, Lacey!” He jumps onto the exterior tire hood.
Breck runs around the rear bumper and leaps onto the opposite tire hood.
They work together and jerk the cloth cover, peeling it back from front to rear. Then each brother jumps off the tire hood and lands down on the ground, moving backwards, placing the rolled fabric on top of the hood.
Flamingo spins around jogs back toward jack-up station wagon gathering a pack of supplies.
Breck claps his hands, stirring the red clay off his fingers then wipes them onto the jeans then grabs the food pails. He sits them in the corner of the dry tailgate.
Lacey frowns. “We can’t eat in there. It’s still dirt.”
“Naw, sweetheart! The trunk bed cover is secured tightly around the truck rail preventing any sand or salt particles into the bed. Look and see!” Breck lifts Lacey onto the kick lift with a smile. “All clean!”
Flamingo returns back to Breck and totes two blankets, two pillows, two beach towels, along with two clean T-shirts, handing one to Breck.
Flamingo hands one toward Lacey. “Do wanna clean T-shirt?”
Lacey pressed both hands down her set of designer clothes with a sour frown. “No. I have my own pretty designer clothes.”
“Okay. Do you need anything else, Breck?” Flamingo grins at his brother Breck.
Breck reaches over with a wink and slaps the collar bone on Flamingo while shaking his skull. “Naw, man! Thanks, Flamingo!”
Flamingo nods to Breck and then at Lacey, thumbing back over a collar bone. “I’m located right over there, bro. So, just whistle, again. Have a good time, bro. Bye, Lacey.”
Lacey watches Breck drop down on top of the soft linens inside the truck bed, instead of the interior front cab seats. “Why did you place that blanket inside the dirty truck? It’s going to get soiled.”
“Naw! The truck bed is very clean and dry. I striped the mat away from the metal. Can you see? The truck bed is dry and clean. No mud! I promise.” Breck winks at her. “Let’s take your boots off.”
“My boots, why?”
“We can sit on the tailgate and eat then…” he views the sky close to sunset. “We enjoy our redneck honeymoon,” he lifts Lacey onto the dry metal tailgate.
Lacey frowns. “What?”
Breck pulls her muddy boots off first and then her socks. He chuckles and tickles her pretty red painted toes nails. She giggles. He tucks the socks into the boots, sitting it in the corner, away from the blankets, says. “Ya know, honey, we rest here on the blanket and stare at moon, during the evening, while the bonfire roasts our supper, like a redneck.”
Lacey nods. “Yeah, right! It’s a pod of country rednecks on their honeymoon.”
Breck sits on the tailgate removing his dirty boots and socks and then stand upright inside the trunk bed metal floor. He squats down and lifts upright Lacey by her waist bones with a smile. “Raise your feet, honey! I drop you down into our bed for the night,” he winks and then leans over, kissing her forehead, pulling back with a smile. “Didn’t you redneck honeymoon back home in…”
She stands upright on top of the soft blankets in the middle of the truck bed. “I come from the small town of Gardendale, which is north of Birmingham. I transferred to Lacy High from Gardendale High, which is located at 1178 Main Street in the small town of Gardendale within the US State of Alabama. Awe! The blankets are so soft and bouncy,” she jumps up and down on top of the soft blankets with a smile.
“The trunk bed is covered in a soft foam mattress. So we can…”
“So, we can do what?” She giggles.
“Eat,” Breck swings away from her then reaches for the two pails of food. He sits on top of the blankets, “Have a seat on the blanket with me,” he picks out the foiled food items, placing on the small tray, keeping the grease off the blanket. Breck pops off the top of the beer bottle then chugs half of it. He places the beer by his thigh. Then, he un-wraps the food, diving teeth and tongue into the chicken.
Lacey picks at the food inside the pail, frowning and nodding. “Ya know, Flamingo was so sweet helping me with all of my homework assignments during class. I’m a little behind in my AP classes for some strange reason.”
“Transfer to my regular classes, you can sit right next to me. I’ll do all your homework, since I’m part of that third part of smartness, like Flamingo. Ya know, we are triplets,” he chews and grins with the mouth shut at her.
“No. I can’t do that. My daddy would get really angry at me. He depends upon me making a set of good, excellent, and outstanding grades, so I can get into a good college. Where are you going to college at Huntsville University like your Aunt Aurora?”
He chomps on the corn and shakes his cropped skull, swallowing the food. “Burn U for me! I’m going to law school, after I get my bachelor’s degree in business. Flamingo is going into medical school at Bam U,” he views Cinco.
Babbie sits inside Cinco folded legs as they eat their food from the pails covered in drying greenish black mud.
He chuckles at Cinco and then views Lacey. “Cinco, he is still deciding on his career choice besides being a country redneck who likes to be covered in good smelling Bama mud,” he sniggers then eats. He chews then swallows, viewing Lacey. “This will be the very first time we’ll be separated from our first hour of birth. Ya know, we be born one right, after another, like a litter of puppies. When I tell that story, Mama gets so mad…”
“You’re rich, Breck. Why do you wanna work at all? Why not play all the time and become a world traveler? I wanna see the three tall ancient pyramids in Egypt and the…”
“What are you mumbling your words about, Lacey?” He chews and frowns down at her hair roots.
She swings both naked legs off the tailgate with a smile, picking at her food inside the tin pail. “Flamingo said that you are rich like a king. If I was rich like a queen, then I’d travel everywhere with my king. Would the king take her queen everywhere too?”
He drops open his mouth and exposes all the chewed food particles. “Did he now?”
“Flamingo loves to talk about you. He talks on and on and on about your family and your land and your cows.”
He chews and frowns at her.
She smiles. “I only listen to Flamingo, since he talks so much that it seems to please…”
“Flamingo…” He chews and frowns. “Ya know, I really don’t care about pleasing Flamingo. I’m more interested in pleasing you, Lacey.”
She reaches over and pats his kneecap with a smile. “That’s so good, Breck. I want you to please me, too. And I need for Flamingo…”
He drops open his mouth of non-food items. “Flamingo!”
She nods with a smile and pats his arm. “Yeah. I need Flamingo to help me pass my big project in my AP world history class, which means, you can’t help. So, I need to spend more time with him...”
“Flamingo!”
“I suggested to Flamingo that I could come over for a few hours, after school to your house and help me out. I can see you, also, Breck,” she winks at him and then slurps the beverage, swallowing the warm liquid, frowning. “But Flamingo’s a meanie. He told me that I can’t come over to your house for a lot of reasons. But, the primary one is that your mama would object.” Breck frowns. She leans into his face and sweet breathes. “I need good grades for a good college and graduate, for a good job…”
“I’m talk to my mama for you, Lacey. She’ll understand your personal blithe. I’ll fix it that you can come over to work on your homework assignment with Flamingo and then see me. Since, I want you to make good grades, too, baby.”
“O! Thanks, Breck. I’ll talk to Flamingo…”
Breck frowns at her. “I don’t want you talking about Flamingo,” he kisses and pulls back with a smile. “I would rather, not talk, at all.”
“What do you want me to do about instead?”
“Check me for ticks!”
Lacey screams out loud in fright. “Ticks!”
Breck pulls off his dirty shirt, dropping it over the railing of the truck bed, revealing his sculpturally tanned biceps on his arms. Lacey smiles, touching his throat down to his chest and tickles his button belly with her sharp index manicured orange fingernails. He chuckles, winking. “Ticks! A tick is a black thing that looks like compact baby spider with six legs, instead of eight.” He stands upright inside the metal bed and tosses the blanket in the air, ironing out the folds as it falls down over the soft foam mattress, covering almost hundred percent of the soft foam mattress. Breck drops down two covered pillows and then falls down on the side inside his homemade bed, patting the blanket with a smile.
She drops down and parks beside Breck with a smile. “Do you possess a flock of ticks on your body? Where is the tick located, honey?”
He leans down and kisses her forehead, pulling back with a smile. “I’ll let you find them, honey.”
She whispers. “I think I got ticks, too.”



Monday September 1st
Labor Day celebration

Hot temperatures with bright sunshine

Dunlap home location
Kitchen setting
09:02 am


At the breakfast table inside the kitchen space, Arie sits in her assigned chair and reaches down, pulling out a stack of money bills that total four thousand dollars from her designer handbag. The money is the payment for the babysitting disaster at her sister Aurora’s home.
Arie places the messy lump sum of individual money bills on top of the breakfast table, zipping up her handbag and then tosses it down on the clean floor. Then, she gently shuffles the messy stack of money bills into a small neat stack, slowly lifting and then extends an arm toward Aurora.
Aurora sits in her assigned seat on the opposite side at the breakfast table with a hot cup of black coffee and a cold biscuit on top of the nice stoneware. She looks up from the laptop and then drops open her mouth as the money stack slowly floats toward the green flowered-pattern eating placemat.
Arie has to stand upright from the chair to reach across the wide table while completing the mandatory command: purchase or pay for each targeted and then damaged home item that had been supposedly done by her triplets.
The three sons did not confess or tattle with the wicked deed.
However, Arie knows within her sharp mind and her emotional heart that they are guilt of orchestrating an un-supervised but harmless teenage wild party there inside Aurora’s house.
Arie slowly places the neat stack down onto the edge of the eating placement with a smile. “The stack of money contains four thousand dollars even. I rounded up the total monetary amount to a whole number for my convenience’s sake. Or let the extra money represent, maybe, payment for some other items that you have not discovered yet within your home. However, this should cover all the damages. I apologize again for my three sons. They still surprise me with their immature and irresponsible ways, but they have been punished,” she continues to stand from the chair and stares with a smirk at her sister Aurora.
Aurora continues to stare at the loose stack which contains only the denomination of one hundred dollar bills and then views her younger sister Arie. “The top denomination is a one-hundred-dollar bill,” she reaches out and grabs the stack, slowly flipping through each money bill, saying with a gasp in shock. “This entire stack of money is composed of only one hundred dollar bills,” she looks up with a worried face to see Arie while tapping on first bill. “Are these bills real, Arie? This is the Labor Day weekend. All the local and state and national banks are closed for the holiday and are not processing any type of financial transactions. Where did you get this stack of one hundred dollar bills, Arie?”
Arie sits down with a grin and then reaches out, touching the cold cup of soy milk, looking up to see her sister. “The stack of one hundred dollar bills came out from my home safe. I keep cash money hanging around the house for such an emergency. I would suggest that you do not spend a single one-hundred-dollar bill at any the local shops, such like, a restaurant or a fast-food establishment. Lots of local Lacy Springs businesses do not accept a larger bill for fear of counterfeiting while preferring a twenty or a ten-dollar bill. But, I do believe that the other cheap retail shops like the Lo-Mart Superstore does except a single one-hundred-dollar bill while giving back the correct change for any purchased merchandise, even if the total is only ten dollars or less,” she soft sniggers with her mother Reese.
Aurora gasps in alarm and then frowns in silence at her older sister.
Aurora and Arie are two years apart in birth while living, studying, and playing in the same household under the watchful eyeballs of their parents Reese and Jarvis Dunlap. Arie had married at the age eighteen years old, after graduating from high school to her high school sweetheart Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior.
Two years should be more than enough days and night for the two biological sisters to enjoy being relatives, you would think, but not for Aurora.
Aurora had emerged from birth with a poker chip permanently attached onto her right collar bone that swiftly grew up into the size of four feet lumber stave plus a cocked left folded fist, virtually, of course.
When Arie had started the first grade at Lacy Springs Elementary School, her younger sister Aurora had stayed home finally enjoying the full undivided attention of her mother for the first time in her short-lived life. When Aurora had been tossed into the same school environment, she then experienced the baby sister syndrome which created a larger gap between the two biological sisters.
Aurora had graduated from Huntsville University at age of twenty-four years old with a “BS” degree that represented a “Bull Shit” degree in business. Then she had not been able to find a good paying job for one year and six days. She worked as a crappy receptionist position making ten dollars per hour. Then she studied, tested, and passed the US Federal Government civil service test receiving a nice job at the US General Service office and then married later in her life at the age of 37 years old to her co-worker Moe Gordon.
Currently, three women sit around the breakfast table, Arie continues to sit and slightly smirk at her baby sister, since Aurora doesn’t get it, but she is learning very swiftly.
Arie doesn’t rent the Balegreen Manor which occupies the street address on Plymouth Rock Road along the pretty country side within the small town of Lacy Spring. She owns the entire manor along with the miles and miles of farm lands, twenty barn stables, hundreds of horses, thousands of cows, and billions of cotton balls. All of it was a loving gift from her mother-in-law Iredell Balegreen, Breck’s biological mother.
Reese turns with a smile to see the nose profile on her older daughter Arie. “I didn’t realize you owned a lead safe inside your home, Arie. Is it one of those spin dials or an electronic computerized version, honey? Is it behind an art piece on the west wall which is usually shown in one of these Hollywood movie films?”
Arie turns and smiles at her mother. “The money safe is an old-fashioned spin dial, Mama. Interesting enough! The old lead safe is located underneath the wooden planks in my bedroom…”
“You’re stupid, Arie!” Aurora cuddles the stack of money and then reaches down, grabbing her designer handbag, sitting the object in her lap. “You should not be spilling out all of secrets about that old house in the open air waves. Don’t you know? The walls have ears. The windows have eyeballs. And each cell phone records all of your secret information. All the information can and will be used against you with an evil purpose.” She drops the stack of money down into her crowded handbag, zipping it shut and then looks up with a smile to see Arie.
Reese turns and gasps at the nose profile on Aurora. “Who would use that cash money and that money safe against Arie? What type of evil purpose are you referencing, Aurora? I do declare, child. You watch too many adventure channels on your new satellite television devise.”
Arie turns and smiles at Aurora. “The money safe was Breck’s idea. When we started purchasing used farm equipment pieces and numerous crop supplies while upgrading the cow ranch at the start of our marriage, Breck needed large amounts of cash monies for various purposes. He found paying in cash would quicken each business transaction along with a swifter delivery of all the goods, instead of running back and forth to the bank every day.”
“A large sum of money is a very danger method for paying out a single or multiple financial purchases with only cash which applies back then and now days. You should be much wiser, today, Arie. Someone could or can rob your person in that big old house. Or they could rob the house and capture all the cash loot that hangs out from your ancient wallpaper. I hope to goodness your three boys do not possess knowledge of that money safe. I don’t trust Flamingo with a live rattle snake, big sister.” Aurora sniggers with a smile and a nod.
Arie smiles. “First of all, my three sons are very trust worthy, Aurora. Secondly, the daily transactions at my farm are my personal business affair. Thirdly, my three sons will inherit the land one day after they all graduate college and start their own families. Fourly, my house is not covered with one wall of ancient wallpaper, only smooth wood paneling or nicely colored paint.”
She grins with a nod. “O! Heard tell now! Your three trustworthy sons are located at the river bank, since yesterday afternoon, after church preaching.” Aurora waves her manicured fingernails near a smirk. “I don’t call that a trust worthy gesture. I thought you decided your three boys are to be punished.”
“O! So, do you and Moe like dancing naked along the river bank at night, too? Do you see some of the teens do that? I heard tell that the teens enjoy doing that too,” Arie giggles.
“Arie!” Reese frowns with amusement. “Aurora, you, two girls need to behave, right now, at my breakfast table. I can’t believe both of you still to this day fight like a bunch of kittens with a set of sharp fangs and claws. This is…”
“…. a joke, Mama.” Aurora turns and nods to Reese. “I can’t believe how you entertain Arie with her silly antics and sneaky tactics to win your heart and your soul and then she covers your eyes blind with her mischievous lot of three thieves, just because….”
“Would you like more hot coffee, Aurora?” Reese stands upright from the chair and reaches for the coffee pot with a smile.
Aurora shakes her curls and then turns to softly sneer at Arie.
Arie continues to smirk with her sisterly victory in silence.
Reese pours a fresh cup of coffee down into her empty cup, replacing the pot down on top of the grill, saying with a stern face. “Your girls are young, Aurora. One day, your two girls will be entertaining us with these same silly antics…”
Aurora turns and frowns at her mother. “No. My two girls are being raised as a pair of proper southern belles. They will not damage other people’s property or stealing numerous items that do not belong to them or work to disobey their parents.”
Reese sits back down and reaches over, patting the hidden hand on Arie underneath the table, smiling with a nod. “Arie does a wonderful job with the boys as a single parent. They appear like Breck in personality, manner, and good looks, growing up to be a set of fine gentlemen, once those horse reins are pulled in…”
“…with a cow prob, you mean!” Aurora sneers and then clears her throat with a smirk. “Speaking of a fine gentleman, I know this man from at work. Well, he works with Moe in the Acquisition Department. One of Moe’s co-workers as a matter of fact who is divorced going for about two years with two teens of his own. He is a really nice, good looking, well-mannered man,” she nods to her big sister as Arie parts her lips in shock. Aurora smiles, “He would be a perfect fit for Arie. When was the last time you actually attended a true mature date, Arie? And I am not counting all of the social picnics there at church on Sunday lunch. Was it right before your three sons turned into a set of toddlers or set of pre-teens, when you last dated a man? Well, either way, that was many, many moons, ago,” she sits back into the chair with a wicked grin at Arie.
“Have you met this gentleman, Aurora, also?” Reese frowns with worry at Aurora.
Aurora smiles with a nod to her mother. “Seth, that is a good old-fashioned southern gentleman name, didn’t you think so, too, Mama? He has been to our house with his two teens on numerous social occasions. His two girls are both nice and properly behaved and enjoy entertaining both of my girls Asa and Alina inside their little dolly playhouse which is located outside on the back porch and manicured lawn. Moe approves of him as well. We would not ever invite a stranger into our household, especially around our two precious angels. I can instigate a social meeting for you, Arie. Maybe, on this Saturday night, are you truly busy during the evening, dear?”
“Do you mean to say this Saturday night?” Reese turns and frowns at Arie.
Aurora nods with a smile to Arie. “Seth has work during the daylight hours of Monday through Friday, like me. Then, there is the Lacy Springs football game on Friday night while occupies all our time, watching your triplets beat up their opponents in numerous swift rounds of flying fury. I do declare I love seeing the flying blood and guts gore, sometimes,” she snorts with amusement.
Baby triplet Cinco enjoys way too much, entertaining all of the football game parents with both his violent and illegal behaviors that occurs on and off the football field.
She crinkles her nose with a giggle at Arie. “Then, on Saturday morning, Seth usually spends all his day and night time activities with his teen daughters. But, this particular weekend, Seth is free of his precious parental responsibilities. And then, on Sunday morning, we all gather there at church auditorium for church preaching, until late afternoon. Is Saturday night a good time from your busy schedule, Arie?”
Her older sister Arie doesn’t have a work job or a fun hobby, only dotes on her three sons during the day and night time activities inside her gigantic house.
Aurora nods with a wicked grin. Well then, I’ll be happy to arrange that social meeting for Saturday evening. What do you say, Arie?” She reaches down and touches, lifting up the cup, drinking the cold coffee and then coughs out loud from the stale liquid. She drops down the cup, spilling the stale contexts over the placement with a sour frown.
Arie continues to stare with a fake smile and also exhales with worry. She has not attended a date for many moons and feels slightly off-guard and nervous about meeting a new gentleman, so soon. But she quickly ponders a good answer with a fake smile at her sister Aurora with a slight head nod. “Well, Saturday evening sounds like a fine time for me. Maybe, Seth and I can enjoy a late lunch, right before the suppertime meal with my three sons.”
She lifts the napkin and cleans off the dirty lips from the stale coffee, dropping down the napkin with a wicked grin at Arie, “O yeah! I guess the daylight hours for a first time date would be a very good idea, Arie. You can’t break go around and break your own curfew, can you?” Aurora smiles, “Your three boys might get jealous without you there cooking up their favorite meal for them.”
Arie does not cook the meals or clean the bedrooms or perform a single type of domestic chore inside or outside of her gigantic manor. She has a fully paid staffed maid service that cooks, cleans, and washes for the entire family unit, as well as, a paid yard service to keep the manor lawn both flowered and manicured like an English royal castle.
Moe cuts his own grass lawn on Saturday morning as part of his man chores at his home. Aurora cleans the inside of their shared home while picking up all dried boogers and the gallons of wet spilled milk, after each one of their nasty girls.
Aurora smiles with a wink to Arie. “Well then, I will inform Seth of your afternoon date on Saturday night. I will text to you his telephone number for your first time introduction by an electronic means. That’s the latest social communication, now days. If you don’t know how to work a mobile telephone, then ask one of your smart ass teens. All the teens know how to text on a mobile telephone. And thanks for the money payment too!” She reaches out and slams the lid shut on her laptop, standing upright from the chair, leaning down and gathers her personal possessions from the floor. She stands upright again and then shoves the chair from her ass while grinning at Arie. “Well then, I gotta go now. This is my day off from my work as it is the Labor Day weekend. The US Federal Government services are all closed down today while giving me an extra vacation day. I’m going to shop. Bye, ya’ll!” She spins around with a smile and her possession, moving ahead, exiting through the kitchen door to her car that is parked on the driveway.
Inside the kitchen space at the breakfast table, Reese turns and watches the back spine on her baby daughter. The door gently closes shut in silence. She turns and frowns at her oldest daughter, exhaling with worry and shakes her grayish-blonde curls. “Arie, do you feel up to this social event this Saturday evening? Do you feel comfortable dating this unfamiliar fellow, this Saturday afternoon? Do not be swayed by Aurora! Just because, you feel guilty about the damaged and missing individual items at her house, you do not have to complete this social arrangement this Saturday afternoon either. You have punished the boys and gave her a stack of one hundred dollar bills. Your sisterly obligation is completed here.” 
“Mama, do you not trust your other daughter?” Arie turns and frowns with worry.
“I find that Aurora likes to roar too loudly, when she doesn’t get her way. Or she doesn’t like in the playground section with the other kids, when she gots mad. I’m so sorry, Arie. I set the boys up for this awful mess. I wasn’t thinking. Well, I was thinking, since the boys are older. And I thought your three boys were a little wiser…” exhaling. “I thought they would enjoy spending a little time with their two younger cousins. Your three triplets will be in college soon and moving away from home this time, next year,” exhaling. “I guess, I’m an old fuddy-duddy that believes a family should come first.”
“Mama, our family does come first. You’re always correct about that and that statement does include Aurora. Don’t be sad about getting my boys into trouble with Aurora. Cinco rationalized your same thought processes to me, right after I had grounded them and then right after I had de-grounded them,” she giggles with Reese.
“Was it really Cinco that argued for the triplets’ freedom and not Breck? I thought Breck was going to study and then become the family lawyer.”
She nods with a smile. “Cinco, he has so much potential also. Maybe, we will have two smart lawyers in the family, Mama.”
Reese frowns with worry. “And how will your three smart boys take to you going on a first time date, dear? They are not a set of innocent toddlers or a trio of immature preteens, now, Arie.”
“Fine,” she looks down and stares into the full cup of warm soy milk, saying with a stern face of concern.
“What does that mean, dear?”
“I’m fine, Mama.” Arie looks up with a fake smile to see her mother.



Tuesday September 2nd

Hot temperatures with parted clouds of sunshine
Lacy Springs High School location
Student parking lot setting
07:44 am


A jacked-up pickup truck, then a low down muscle car, and finally a flashy motorcycle, each vehicle slows the speed and then turns into the parking lots, stopping ad then parks side by side in a row of empty spaces.
Breck stops the engine and opens the door, sliding down from the seat, closing the door. He struts around the truck and moves ahead toward the sports car and stops, opening the passenger door, jerking out the black tinted backpack. He back steps and then closes the door, spinning around, moving back to his truck with a smile and then stops. He reaches down and touches, slamming down the tailgate, gently placing the blue tinted backpack on top of the warm metal, sorting through each one of Cinco’s homework assignments for the new school day.
Flamingo slides out from his sports car and gently slams the door, moving beside Breck’s parked truck and then stops, standing at the nose profile on Breck. His big brother continues to separate each loose sheet of paper for Cinco’s homework assignment and then crams the paper into the correct textbook in silence. Flamingo looks up with a puzzled brow and then scans the parking lot for her truck. “Where’s Lacey?”
He continues to smile and works on each loose homework paper. “I’m glad you have inquired about that particular set of information, with me, today, bro. Lacey is out for the school day shopping with her daddy in metro city B’ham,” he reads the sloppy handwriting from Cinco that contains the wrong answer for question number five within the biology assignment.
“Birmingham, is Lacey with an ‘e’ visiting the American city or London town scene?” Flamingo chuckles with a smile and his selfish wish. ‘Loser Lacey’ would live in another country immediately. The foreign country of Great Britain still doesn’t seem quite far enough away from his person, thou. He chuckles for a second time with his evil set of mental thoughts.
“Lacey is located here in the great USA continent,” he continues to lift and then studies each homework question that contain a wrong answer.
He turns and frowns at the nose profile on Breck. “This is a school day, Breck. We are all supposed to be inside the school building. That is a Bama law, unless you’re dead and six feet underneath the Bama’s red tinted clay dirt.” Flamingo chuckles at a dead Loser Lacey, instead of a live one that lives somewhere else but here in Lacy Spring, Alabama.
“Her daddy gave Principal Marshall a hand written permission slip for her classroom absence.”
“She’s going to get…” Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap. He is not her father or her brother or her boyfriend. He turns and stares at the back spine on Cinco. 
Cinco swings off the parked motorcycle and then spins around with a smile, strutting ahead into both of Babbie’s open arms for a series of good morning kisses and purrs.
Breck continues to sort and study each one of Cinco’s homework assignments with a worried brow. “Lacey is working very hard to catch up with all of her classroom work, but she needs some more personal tutoring. I thought, maybe, you could assist in that department as you are one of the thirteen smartest valedictorians here at the Lacy Springs High.”
Flamingo leans down and sits his ass on top of the tail gate while listening to Breck.
Breck continues to study each one of Cinco’s homework assignments that shows a set of wrong answers and shakes his skull with a worried brow. “Cinco, this one is wrong also.”
Flamingo looks down with a stern face to see the same wrinkled test paper also. “What’s up?”
Breck hands the biology homework assignment to Flamingo, saying with a stern face. “I think one of us needs to tutor our boy over there, before he flunks out of high school and needs to repeat his senior year.”
He accepts the paper with a sour frown and sees all the wrong answers also. “You do it. I’m busy with my own studies.” Flamingo hands the paper back to Breck.
Breck folds in half and then places it inside the biology textbook, looking up with a smile to see Flamingo. “So, I guess you’re busy with your tutoring assignments with my girl Lacey. I’m really appreciative, bro,” smiling.
“Naw,” he stares at Breck’s smile.
Breck nods with a grin. “Yup! You have volunteered to tutor Lacey with all of her numerous homework assignments, in exchange for that cheating maneuver.”
He exhales with annoyance. “I did cheat.”
“I and then entire school knows that, too, bro. But Lacey needs more instruction…”
“In which Retta Jean is planning to perform…”
Breck looks up with a gasp to see Flamingo. “Retardo Jean! Naw! No way! And she will not tutor my girl and over my dang dead body,” he shakes his skull. Retta Jean doesn’t like Lacey and he doesn’t like Retta Jean either.
He exhales with worry. “Looky! I’m not overly fond of Retta Jean either. But she is one, if not the smartest girl in our senior class…”
“Is Retard Jean smarter than you, bro?”
“She is equal to me,” smiles Flamingo.
Breck shakes his skull with a sour frown. “Then I say ‘no.’ Retardo Jean…”
“…will do a good job with Lacey, Breck. This is out of my soft hands, man. Principal Marshall and the rest of AP teachers made that final academic decision over me and you. And I almost got my ass handed back to me for that cheating ploy in my AP world history classroom. I mean, a couple of the AP teachers wanted me suspended for last week’s football game.” 
“All of that was last week. And last week has ended. This is a new week with lots of new challenges, bro.”
“You’re right. I do like a set of new challenges. But our mama won’t…”
“What about our mama?” Breck looks up with a gasp to see Flamingo.
He chuckles. “Our mother does not allow any person over to the cow ranch on a week night, since her three redneck babies come first and foremost, when we include our sporting events and our outstanding school work.”
Brecks smiles with a nod. “Then I’ll go and sweet talk with our mama. I got a special ‘mom-son’ social relationship with her. Our mama will understand Lacey’s new dilemma and then grant me a stay of execution on the visitor rule.”
He shakes his backwards baseball cap with a smile. “Man, you are shoving Lady Luck down the Brinkley Mountain Range without a set of rappelling ropes and with our mama’s good-natured patience, especially after breaking a few of her precious homestead rules last week.”
Breck continues to sort through both the old and new homework assignments. Each old homework assignment displays a very bad academic grade. He frowns down at the old test paper. “I’ll introduce our mama to my girl Lacey. She’ll fall in love with her immediately like I did. Then we’ll all be clear to launch that rocket into outer space. Lacey can come over and you can tutor her while catching her up on all of her late school assignments. Lacey really likes you,” he looks up with a smile and a wink to see Flamingo.
He buzzes his lips and frowns. “Naw! Lacey doesn’t like me and I don’t like Lacey. She…”
“…is a nice girl, who just needs a little extra additional personal undivided attention, coming from you, bro. Lacey likes you and wants you to assist in her school tutoring assignment and so do I but not Retardo Jean.” Breck snarls and thinks of Retta Jean while viewing Flamingo.
Retta Jean likes to cause trouble for his girl Lacey during the school classes. However, Breck can’t do anything to prevent it, since he is not physical sitting inside her AP classroom.
Flamingo exhales with annoyance and a sour frown. “Then, you tutor her pretty ass, Brick Brain.”
“I don’t take AP studies, bro.” Breck looks down with a smile and continues to shuffle through more new and old classroom homework assignments.
“But, you’re smart and smarter than…” He exhales with annoyance without filling in the stupid blank with the name of Loser Lacey. Breck loves the silly cowgirl and Flamingo doesn’t want to start another brotherly fight over a stupid teenage female.
Breck looks up with a puzzled brow to see Flamingo. “Am I smarter than whom? Is it you?”
“We’re triplets, Breck. We have the same triplet IQ,” he nods with a fake smile without causing any more trouble with his brother.
Breck smiles. “That’s a good argument, Flamingo. It’s all settled now. You tutor my girl but not Retard Jean.” He looks down at the new homework assignment. “Because, I need to tutor Cinco in the academic subject of biology and maybe geometry too,” he twists the paper upside down with a puzzled brow. “I don’t think Cinco understands that a triangle doesn’t have four sides to them,” chuckling.
He exhales with deep frustration and then slides off the tailgate, standing and staring with a sour frown down at the smooth gray tinted pavement. He had tried to explain to Breck that he was not going to tutor Lacey.
The first school bell sounds with a loud ding for the start of the new school day.
Breck stuffs that last homework assignment back down into the open geometry textbook and places all the books back down into the blue tinted backpack, zipping it shut with a smile. He looks up with a wink to see the baseball cap on Flamingo and then returns back down to the backpack, sliding Cinco’s backpack over a collar bone. He closes up the tail gate and then spins around, strutting ahead toward the entrance doors on the school building.
Flamingo looks up with a stern face and then shuffles ahead, strolling beside Breck, facing the entrance doors also. They strut ahead toward Cinco in silence.
Cinco and Babbie move together like one person and strut beside Breck and Cinco ahead toward the same open entrance doors on the high school building also.
Breck hands Cinco the blue backpack as Cinco accepts while hugging onto Babbie. Breck slings his black tinted backpack across the collar bone and then whips out his mobile telephone personally typing out a new text on the tiny screen with a smile to his girlfriend Lacey.
Flamingo continues to stroll ahead on a pair of worn and smelly brown tinted flip flops and turns with a stern face, studying the elementary school building and then views the high school building. His esophagus salvia swiftly travels down and then drowns inside a set of fluttering stomach acids.
He is a senior on the high school campus with 160 more times of walking on a pair of nasty flip flops through the high school entrance doors, before he permanently leaves the teen environment while seeking both his fame and future at Birmingham University or Burn U and then Birmingham Statue University or Bam U as a hopefully future licensed Alabama medical physician.
Flamingo cleared remembered his first day in his pre-kindergarten class at the age of four years old.
On top of the student parking lot pavement, he turns with a smile to see the elementary school yard. The school yard is empty right now without the young children as they are inside a classroom, since 7:30 am.
At the age of four years old, on the first day of pre-kindergarten class, Flamingo and his two brothers galloped ahead on a pair of polished but worn cowboy boots without holding their mama’s hand and raced inside a cool and colorful Lacy Springs elementary classroom.
Inside the classroom, an array of pretty colored balloons floated down and up in the air waves like magic as each one touched the row of ceiling tiles. Each window held a set of dangling colorful streamers hanging down from the top of the closed glass window pane, where a set of tiny ten little finger pads could tear off for fun. The two colorful fun objects had kept a pair of tiny eyeballs from seeing a departing parent.
And it had worked, beautifully.
Flamingo had not remembered his mother leaving the school classroom on his first day of pre-kindergarten at Lacy Springs Elementary School.
Baby triplet Cinco had been the first hit wonder that day with both the class of new kids and the set of new teachers, when he had pissed inside his trousers while hanging upside down on the playground monkey bars. He has been properly potty-trained by his mama but didn’t want to give up his “play spot” for an urgent nature call. Thus, each teacher had labeled Cinco, the first “trouble maker” from the start.
Breck had saved one of his classmates, a four-year-old little girl in distress. He swiftly climbed to the top of the gigantic slide without fear on his second day of pre-kindergarten. She had been too frightened to move from the high ladder while creating the “lady reputation” for first born triplet Breck with all the other females at the ripen age of four years old.
Middle child Flamingo had always been the good kid, obeying each rule, making the best grades among the triplets, and enforcing school righteousness on each kid, whether with a good or bad intention.


First period class
AP Chemistry classroom setting
08:05 am


Flamingo slowly moves ahead with a stern face while turning to observe the other high school students. The other regular students slowly drag their gear and their ass into their regular classroom wearing a sour frown.
Flamingo enters his classroom for the first period AP course at Lacy Springs High School and misses that annoyingly tiny squeak of piccolo musical notes into his right eardrum.
Lacey had been excused for the school activities today.
Her absence will make Lacey further behind with all of her outstanding AP homework assignments but that is Lacey’s problem, not Flamingo’s.
He slowly moves ahead with a smile over the smooth floor and then stops, standing beside his assigned writing desk which inside the farthest row from the entrance door without sitting down in the first chair.
The tenth grader stands in the second row and slowly separates out all of her AP book on top of her new writing desk. Lacey had bullied the young teen girl into giving up her first chair position which has been beside Flamingo.
Well, Flamingo plans to make things right, right now.
He dumps his oversized black tinted backpack down into his empty chair and then back steps from the table while wiggling a pair of flip flops around the rear of the row. He moves ahead down the second row towards the tenth grader and then stops, hovering over her black tinted hair roots as she is sitting down in the chair and he is standing tall and arrogant.
Tenth grader Blanche is born under the zodiac sign of Pisces. All the AP students had received a social file on each other while helping to interact and improve both their social and academic skills during each class time session
The astrological sign of Pisces is symbolized by a fish that swims underneath the ocean waters. The symbol strongly suggests, Pisces Blanche will go with the flow and does not make any type of social waves.” She had demonstrated both her celestial and social personality by faithfully obeying Lacey’s obtuse command and then shuffling her personal academic gear into a new writing table that was further behind Lacey.
A Pisces-person is happiest while keeping their set of talents under wraps which include selflessness. A Pisces-person feels the weight of both their own burdens and joys and then does not share with others.
Inside the AP classroom on the second row, “Hey, Blanche, sweetheart,” Flamingo leans down and gathers up her textbooks with a grin, cuddling them into his chest, standing upright with a grin. “Let’s move your pretty fanny back into the first chair…”
“No!” Blanche scoots out from the chair and then stands in the middle of Flamingo’s chest, lifting both of her eyelashes up see his smile while dropping open her mouth with worry. “She sits there.”
Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap with a smile. “She ain’t here to sit there today. And she ain’t sitting there tomorrow either. That’s your chair. You selected that chair and that writing table on the first day of school. And there you will stay, until the end of the school term, which is next year in the month of May.”
“But!” Blanche turns with an ashen white on her dark skin to see the empty first chair and free standing writing desk. She quickly images the embarrassment for a second time, when Lacey struts into the class tomorrow and then viciously orders Blanche to move back away from the first chair for a second time.
Lacey is a senior student. She is a sophomore student.
Flamingo leans down into her pimpled face while noting her set of pretty green eyeballs inside a pair of squared black tinted framed eyeglasses. She is one five virgins here at Lacy Springs High School that Breck hasn’t tainted, naw, touched, as long as, Flamingo is around to beat his brother’s bloody face, twice.
He looks down with a smile to see her small breasts. “It’s okay, sweetheart. I got your bee-hindie and your breasts covered, babe.” Then he looks up with a wink into her face.
“Flamingo!” Blanche blushes in pink color with a shy girly giggles, slamming a hand over her parted lips from his sexy, naughty talk. Flamingo is a big flirt with all the girls and a bad ass to all the guys.
He sidesteps and then moves ahead with a smile while making things right for both him and Blanche, leading towards the front of the second row. “Yeah, I’m funny today, darling. Grab your backpack and follow the leader. Let’s get you set up, before class time starts.”
He stops and then spreads out her textbook over the empty writing desk with a chuckle of righteousness.


Hot temperatures with parted clouds of sunshine
Balegreen Cow Ranch location
Kitchen room setting
02:07 pm


Three seventeen-year-old teenage boys enter the kitchen space one at a time coming through the side garage door, after carefully storing an individual vehicle transport inside one of the six garage spaces. They chuckle over some stupid redneck gossip, slamming down a ratty backpack on top of the clean kitchen floor.
Cinco dashes ahead to see his mother first. She stands upright from the chair in a pair of faded blue jeans, a pink tinted short sleeved shirt, and her favorite pair of polished but worn pink and white cowgirl boots, moving away from breakfast table. Cinco halts and then leans down hugging her petite body and then pecks a light kiss on her smooth cheekbone, whispering with a smile. “Hey, Mama! Where are my afternoon snacks?”
She pulls back with a smile to see Cinco. He possesses the set of cute ringlets of blonde curls that cascade down and then covers both of his earlobes. His hair strands curls sweetly around his thick throat muscles and then slightly bounces across his set of broad shoulders Aries smiles. “Hi, sweetheart. Your afternoon snacks are located inside the belle parlor room for today.”
“Me time now! Quit bad breathing into Mama’s face, Cinco.” Flamingo appears and then reaches out, shoving Cinco away, exposing the petite frame on mother. He leans down and wraps both of his biceps around her tiny body, pecking her smooth cheekbone, pulling back with a smile. “Hey, Mama! Why is Granddaddy Balegreen here at the cow ranch? Did Cinco do something wrong again?” He laughs.
“You are always the most astute triplet, Flamingo. Please follow Cinco into the belle parlor room,” she smiles at her smart ass Middle Child among the triples. He continues to wear that nasty camouflage ass-backwards baseball cap without showing off his lovely locks of blonde hair.
Breck moves ahead toward the breakfast with a smile and extends a hand toward Granddaddy Balegreen who has joined the family for the evening meal for some mysterious reason, since this is not a weekend evening.
Arie does not allow a visitor inside the cow ranch on a weekday.
Robert Earl Balegreen or Granddaddy Balegreen wears a designer business suit in dark gray hue, a designer tan colored dress shirt, and a designer yellow and red paisley necktie. He is a tall and slender male with a tone of pale tinted skin, and a head of gray tinted cropped hair, who is aged around sixty. He slowly stands upright from the chair and then shuffles ahead on a pair of stiff legs, moving around the breakfast table and then stops. He reaches out with a hand and then reaches up with the free hand, slapping the collar bone on his grandson Breck.
Breck patiently waits for his sibling turn to hug on his mama, since Arie is too small for more than one gigantic teenage son to hold. The three brothers take turns at shaking their granddaddy’s hand for respect too.
Robert Earl Balegreen continues to stand in front of the breakfast table and smiles with a set of yellow stained teeth. “Lads, I don’t understand here. Why was your football practice cancelled today? But, I’m glad that you are able to join us here today. Let’s all move our persons towards the parlor room. Shall we?” He extends a hand toward the narrow hallway.
Cinco spins around and then disappears through the open archway first.
Breck extends an arm to Flamingo. Flamingo accepts the arm on Breck as the two brothers lock arms and then slowly move into the semi-dark hallway while softly chuckling.
Robert Earl moves away from the breakfast table and then stops, extending an arm to Arie, escorting her through the semi-dark hallway that leads out into the entrance hallway.
Cinco moves ahead first and then yells out loud into each pair of eardrums, reaching upward from the floor while trying to touch an eleven-foot high ceiling inside the corridor, without success. “Are you eating the supper meal with us, Granddaddy? Where is Grandmother Balegreen? Is she coming later tonight?” He ponders his missing grandmother, who always accompanies her husband to every social family event. He continues to move down the hallway and jump into the air without hitting the ceiling and leads the family parade.
Breck continues to arm-lock with Flamingo and as he answers the query for his grandfather. “No football practice, after the Labor Day weekend. Some of the football players and most of the football coaches had too good of a fun time during the holiday celebration,” Flamingo and Breck snigger out loud and then violently elbow each other while still in an arm-lock.
Flamingo shoves Breck into the wall and then swiftly sidesteps, slamming his body into the Breck with a loud hoot.
Breck wobbles back into the center of the hallway as Flamingo tries that same success violent maneuver again with loud laughter as they both continue down the hallway ahead of Arie and Robert Earl.
Arie holds his hand and smiles at her three sons with love in silence.
Robert Earl frowns at the silly mischievous behavior from each teenager. “Yes. Alcohol can be quite an ally, if not an enemy to the soul.” He is a church deacon, who does not drink any type of spirits.
“I got no problem with alcohol as my ally.” Cinco lands down on top of the tile floor with a heavy thump and a loud chuckle with his two brothers.
“Boys!” Arie frowns at each back spine on each son inside the long and narrow dark hallway and then smiles with a nod. “Tonight is a special evening. But I will let your granddaddy explain the special event.”
At 02:09 pm, inside the entrance hallway, Cinco sprints ahead with a grin into the entrance hallway and then leaps up from the floor, soaring one second into the air, landing down with a heavy thump on the floor in his pair of heavy leather boots, making each wall echo out loud in a musical tone.
Flamingo and Breck exit into the entrance hallway while still arm-locked in a forward upright stance with a loud chuckle at Cinco’s silly performance.
Arie appears inside the entrance hallway and wears a slight smile and as Robert Earl continues to hold her arm and stares with a sour frown at each troubled teenage.
The entrance door chimes with a loud and low ding-dong musical tone.
Arie and Robert Earl stops a few feet from the front door. He releases her hand. Arie moves ahead with a smile toward the set of closed front doors on the entrance wall, staring at the natural red wood. “Or I will let our new company explain the special event tonight.”
Cinco stops and then dances side to side inside the entrance hall with smile. “A new event is happening tonight. Yeehaw! We’re having a fun party,” he swings around and stops, smiling at his granddaddy. “Is it your surprise birthday party, Granddaddy? Is that why Grandmother Balegreen is missing in action? Does she need help toting in your birthday cake and all of your birthday presents?”
At the front door, “That is not exactly correct, sweetheart.” Arie stops with a grin and then reaches down, departing open both of the double doors, admitting the bright sunlight and then squirts her eyelashes at the two new visitors to the cow ranch.
The twin doors part at the same time, revealing the first female. She is a tall teen with a droopy brown colored ponytail, a set of broad shoulders, a tone of dark tinted skin, possessing numerous red cuts and blue tinted bruises on each body limb. She works too much outside in the hot sun wearing an array of raw and red skin wounds coming from each biting horse, every fighting chicken, and all the scratching feline cats. She had acquired each skin wound while aiding her father, who works with the farm veterinarian on each sick farm animal here at the Balegreen Cow Ranch. She wears a set of faded and patched overall blue jeans on top of a dirty sleeveless pale blue tinted shirt which is paired with a set of worn and abused brown tinted rough looking cowgirl boots. She holds a black tinted backpack in one hand that kisses the front porch concrete. The other hand is free.
The tall teen stands beside a second female. She is a petite teenager with a head of shimmery locks of platinum blonde, a tone of sun-kissed golden suntanned skin. She wears a set of orange tinted lipstick, an orange colored short sleeved plain shirt, a blue jean short skirt, a pair of orange and blue tinted cowgirl boots, and holds a purple and white checkered backpack. Her backpack and hips sway to the right and then to the left coming from an invisible musical song inside her head.
Robert Earl slowly moves ahead, extends a hand to each girl, and then stops, wearing a smile. “Please, come in, young ladies,” each female moves ahead and then stops, huddling around him. Robert Earl does not shake a hand but points toward Lacey first while saying to the triplets. “On my right, this is student, Miss Lacey Newton. I was talking with you about both those young ladies, early this afternoon, Arie. And on my left is one of her personal academic tutors, Miss Retta Jean Miller.”
Cinco spins around with a gasp and then tosses both arms in the air with a laugh. “Retardo…”
Flamingo leans forward and kicks a foot toe directly into Cinco’s tender butt-hole while denting the leather pants on Cinco’s ass.
Cinco swiftly shuffles forward from the violent impact with a snarl and then spins around with a growl, racing ahead into Flamingo’s face.
Flamingo reaches out and then slaps both hands on top of Cinco’s collar bones while leaning down with a set of whispered words. Cinco jerks backwards with a nod and calms his fighting fury, spinning around with a smile to see Retta Jean, his mother Arie and his grandfather Robert Earl.
Lacey dashes away from the open archway and collides into the upright body on Breck, grinning with a soft giggle. He leans down and then softly pecks her lips, quickly pulling back with a big goofy smile.
She leans forward and then rams her face, both lips, and a snaking tongue into his smile. He pulls back from her love attack in both surprise and shock, shaking his cropped skull at the inappropriate southern belle behavior in front of his mother.
She frowns with a sour frown. He leans down and whispers a set of secret words into her sneer.
On the entrance wall in front of the open archway, Arie extends her hand to Retta Jean and grabs her arm, pulling the teenage further into the house floor. “Hello. I’m Arie. You are Horace’s daughter. Welcome to our home. You also attend AP classes with Flamingo,” she scoots and spins around, moving beside Retta toward the parlor room.
“Yes ma’am. Flamingo and I know each other very well along with the new kid on the block Lacey.” Retta Jean moves with Arie and nods with a smile.
Robert Earl continues to stand in place and nods with a clap and a smile, slowly swinging around, moving ahead and leads each person toward the belle parlor room. “We are all together for our special event. Let us get us get settled inside the parlor room and then we can discuss the evening activities.” He shoves a body into a stationary Cinco with a smile. “Get moving and go inside the parlor room, lad!”
At 02:14 pm, inside the Belle parlor room, Cinco spins around with a smile, then races ahead of his grandfather and finally stops, staring a set of double doors. The door is made of cherry wood and closed. He reaches down and then slams open the twin doors at the same time in the belle parlor room, saying with a sour frown. “There’s nothing in here.” He swiftly moves inside and stands in the middle of the room, slowly twirling in a completed circle with a loud voice and a smile. “Wow! Look at the room, Mama. Santa Claus came, while we were at school. There’s furniture and food and frilly stuff. O shit! It’s all girly crap!” He halts with a sneer and then moves ahead with a sour frown toward one of the stationary three tables that is located on the entrance wall a few feet from the doorway.
Each table displays three rows of pretty colors in candy pink or pretty purple or and mint green. On each table, each row contains numerous spiral notebooks, post-it notes, highlighters, ink pens, rulers, and pencil erasers for a school setting.
Cinco stops and stands at the last table, jabbing a finger and a sneer at the merchandise of pretty girly colors. “O! It was Mrs. Santa Clause that dropped by to leave all this shitty stuff for a bunch of dumb-ass girls. Doesn’t she know that only a set of three rough and tough he-boys live here at the Balegreen Cow Ranch? We don’t like the color pink, unless it’s pink lemonade. I like to drink pink lemonade. Pink lemonade surprisingly tastes really good to my tongue buddies.”
“Cinco!” Arie dashes ahead with a sour frown, stops at the same food table, and then stands beside her son Cinco. She reaches over and cuddles her tall son, shoving Cinco away from the girly table with a fake smile. “Have about a nice tall cold beverage, sweetheart?”
They swiftly scoot sideways away from the entrance and move toward the side wall and then stop in front of a new table that contains an array of fresh food items and cold bucket of drinks. 
Arie points down at the table with the food item with a fake smile. “Pick out a fruit juice, honey…” for Cinco to occupy his loud mouth.
At the table, Cinco stares down at each food item with a drooling smile, reaching down, lifting up a large plate and gathers up each food item.
Arie back steps and then spins around with a smile, moving ahead, sitting down at the office desk. She has averted a major war with one teenage redneck against the new set of house guests. Now she must concentrate on the other two sons, who will complain about the new set of house guests also.
The belle parlor room is a rectangular-shaped space that contains four dark green painted walls with white crown molding on the ceiling and white tinted baseboards. There is a set of double rosewood entrance doors, where the room is built underneath the three story grand staircase. The room used to be an empty shell. Now, it has been transformed into a living room setting for the special event.
Two metal and chrome office desks with a pair of two matching metal and chrome office chairs share one new and functional computer laptop which is located a few feet from the side wall inside the large room. In the center of the wall, two loveseats in ugly colors stood in front of an individual low wooden table for placing a foot or a plate of food, depending upon which ill-mannered triplet sits there first.
Each side wall contains two separate tables. One table holds all the food items featuring cookies packages to power bars. The other table displays all the beverage items from a pot of hot coffee to a pitcher of cold sweet tea plus a row of teacups and plates. On the floor, a large cooler is filled with ice cubes and assortment of cold beverages.
Robert Earl enters next into the parlor room with a smile and then stops, standing in the middle of the room, placing his hand on top of the single nicely padded dining room chair that came from the dining room table. He turns and smiles at each new student. “Everyone, please come and grab a seat inside the room. I would like to get started before nightfall.”
Lacey and Breck both enter next and move ahead in a bug hug, selecting the first loveseat on the forward wall while smiling into each other face.
Retta Jean enters next, then moves ahead and finally stops, scooting down into one of two office desks, sitting next to Arie.
On the side wall, at the food table, Cinco holds a plate of food with one hand and two beverages with the other, slowly spinning around with a smile, moving ahead and then stops on the opposite side of the large room at the second office desk and away from the other students. He slides down into the office chair and places the plate of food and beverages on the side, reaching down, booting up the computer laptop for some fun time during the boring academic event. He reaches down and grabs the snack, ripping off the paper and eats, chewing with an open mouth while staring at the screen on the laptop.
Flamingo enters last from an empty entrance hall and then stops, sitting down alone with a permanent frown on the edge of an ugly bright orange colored loveseat with a cute yellow and brown tinted standing upright pattern of a baby giraffe with a wiggling tail that cover the entire furniture piece while feeling both concern and surprise. He wonders what in the hell is going on here inside the belle parlor room within his own house. He turns with a sour frown to see Breck and Lacey. They both sit together on the same aqua and red colored loveseat with the green turtle pattern while almost sucking each other’s mouth dry right in front of Arie’s acute but old eyeballs.
In the single dining room chair in the middle of the room, Robert Earl scoots around and leans down, picking up his ink pen and tablet of paper, sliding down on top of the padded seat, placing the pen and paper in his lap. He turns and smiles at each teen. “We are gathered here today to assist Miss Newton with all her outstanding and late AP homework assignments. I, as some folks might not know, with Arie built up the AP program from a batch of homemade scratch biscuits at Lacy Springs High School. As the major sponsors of this new study program, we take our academic and financial responsibilities very seriously while seeing that all the children. Well, each one of you is not a child here,” he clears a throat. “Each one of you is almost a young adult who is preparing for what lies ahead, which is the new college experience. Without being too windy here, I have been asked by Principal Marshall to approve this new off-site developmental tutoring program which is not related to your specific school courses. This is similar to an experimental alpha model.”
On top of the yellow and brown giraffe-patterned loveseat, along the wall of glass windows, Flamingo raises a hand palm, like a real student in the class, for respect of his granddaddy and satisfaction of his curiosity in silence.
Inside the single chair, in the middle of the room, Robert Earl nods with a smile to his grandson. “What would you like to say, Flamingo?”
Flamingo slams the hand down onto his wrinkled and stained cargo pants with a confused frown and a loud clap. “Granddaddy, I’m really confused here. Who exactly is going to be doing conducting the tutoring…?”
“Toot, toot tutoring…” Cinco sits at the office desk and looks up with a loud to see Robert Earl. “Hey, ya’ll! That can be the name of your new tutoring program. Toot, toot tutoring, Granddaddy,” he chuckles with both Lacey and Arie. Retta Jean frowns at Cinco. Robert Earl nods to his godson in silence. Cinco leans down to the plate and then eats, chewing another tasty snack with an open mouth with loud grunting sounds.
“Naw.” Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap inside the giraffe-patterned loveseat as he does not desire to be the new toot, toot tutor to Loser Lacey on any subject matter. He ponders the change in Arie’s homestead rule about a visitor on a school night and turns with a stern face to scan the entire room that holds a set of strange and heated bodies.
“Shut up, Flamingo!” In the turtle-patterned loveseat, Breck hugs Lacey and then turns with a sour frown, staring at the nose profile on Flamingo. Flamingo has to aid Lacey with all of her outstanding AP homework assignments, since the important academic task might fall down to Retardo Jean.
Inside the single chair, in the middle of the room, Robert Earl nods with a smile to Cinco. “That is a very good idea, lad! I will keep that under wraps for this new tutoring program. Back to Flamingo’s original question, I am being very candid and serious here about this academic program, young ladies and gentlemen. All of the AP teachers have bestowed upon me to see that it is successful project with our first tutoring student Miss Newton. Therefore, Miss Newton needs a set of private instruction in the following academic subjects consisting of chemistry, calculus, world history, English literature, and sociology.”
“My word! That…those are a lot of academic classes to cover in such a short period of time, this week, sweetheart.” Arie sits at the second office desk with Retta Jean on the other side of the room and then turns with a puzzled brow to see the nose profile on Lacey, who continues to cuddle with Breck.
On top of the green colored turtle-pattered loveseat, Breck and Lacey lean down and then bump heads while whispering with a set of secret words into each other’s eyelids without viewing another person inside the parlor room.
“Precisely, Arie! This is why Miss Newton will have two tutors to assist in completing all of her deficient academic work homework assignments.” Robert Earl nods with a smile and then looks down to review his hand written notes and then looks up with a grin to see Retta Jean. “Miss Moore has agreed to assist with all the chemistry and calculus work problems along with one of the research papers which are required in our sociology class. Flamingo or Mr. Balegreen will support Miss Newton with each one research paper in her world history and English literature class for the named academic subjects.”
“Naw.” Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap and stares with a frown at his grandfather, sitting on the opposite side of the room in the giraffe-patterned loveseat.
On the second metal and chrome office desk, Retta Jean raises a palm like a good student in school in silence.
In the middle of the room, in the single chair, Robert Earl points at Retta Jean in silence.
Retta Jean exhales with annoyance and a fake smile. “I feel perfectly fine and dandy in tutoring Miss Newton in all five academic subjects, Elder Balegreen. Lacey has already selected a topic of each one of her research papers. Queen Cleopatra is the main subject for her AP World History paper and the book Gone with the Wind has been selected to represent her AP English Literature paper. We, females here inside this room are all southern belles…”
“Yes!” Robert Earl clears his throat with a stern face. “That is an excellent set of academic topics for these two separate research papers. Congratulations to both Miss Newton and Miss Moore with the swiftly selection process! But, Mr. Balegreen also has a responsibility role in the participation activity within Miss Newton’s tutoring. Flamingo can work with Miss Newton on her sociology project and her Science Fair conceptual idea. All of this is due by Friday morning at eight o’clock, as well.”
“Naw.” Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap and stares with a sour frown at his grandfather.
In the green tinted turtle-patterned loveseat, Breck continues to lean down and whisper a set of secret words into her face as Lacey smiles in silence.
Retta Jean says. “Elder Balegreen, Lacey and I have already selected her Science Fair project, which entails recreating a rayon molecule that can be grown inside a teacup saucer or a curved laboratory dish there inside her home two days, before the actually submission of her science project is due.” After being offered a stack of cash money to tutor Lacey, Retta Jean had outlined all the research papers and then gathered all the reference books. The set of borrowed library books are located inside the vehicle that Elder Balegreen owns and can be used by Lacey to complete the rest of her AP deficient homework assignments. Retta Jean will receive the money wages which has been nicely provided by Arie for all of the academic tutoring time with Lacey.
Lacey pulls away from Breck with a puzzled brow and then looks up with a confused face to see Robert Earl. She wants Flamingo as her personal school tutor. He will do all her homework assignments without bugging her for a real answer which frees up her evening, so she can spend more time with her guy Breck. She nods with a smile to Robert Earl. “I think I should able to pick out my own school tutor…”
“Toot, toot tutoring!” Cinco sits at the office desk with a smile and bangs on the keyboard, playing an electronic gun shoot-out game that pits each bad villain against the good cowboy on the screen of the computer laptop. Then he reaches down with a free hand and grabs, eating and chews a new snack with an open mouth.
On top of the green tinted turtle-patterned loveseat, Breck whispers with a set of secret words into her eardrum as Lacey leans down into his smile, listening to his wise advice.
“Yes. You should be able to select your own school tutor, Miss Newton.” Robert Earl stares at both Breck and Lacey, who cuddle on the top of the turtle-patterned loveseat.
At the second office desk on the other side of the room, Retta Jean lifts up a stack of loose paper with a puzzled brow, staring at Robert Earl. “But I have jotted down all the notes for each required research papers including all the borrowed textbooks and each necessary footnote,” she turns and smiles at Flamingo on the other side of the room. “What do you recommend for a sociology theme, Flamingo? I can add that to my growing list of items for Lacey and me to research together either tonight or tomorrow during our school period.”
“Naw.” Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap and both of his arms near his sour frown without any cooperation on his behalf while working with Loser Lacey.
Breck looks up with a smile to see his granddaddy. “Lacey enjoys working with Flamingo as her chosen school tutor. They both have been working now together and all last week. And Flamingo should get credit for his hard work and all of his devoted time slot, since he is the lead valedictorian over the other twelve there at Lacy Springs High,” he cuts his pair of eyeballs to see Retta Jean as she turns and snarls at Breck. Breck snarls back with the fight challenge.
“Yes. Flamingo should get full credit for his personal tutoring assignment.” Robert Earl nods with a smile to Breck.
“Toot, toot, tutoring!” Cinco continues to sit and smile at the office desk, killing off each bad villain in the electronic game while eating up the plate of snacks.
At the second office desk with Arie, Retta Jean waves her hand again with a stern face to Robert Earl. All the timed hours that she works directly with Lacey to complete all of the deficient homework assignments will be most profitable into her piggy bank but not highly rewarding. Lacey is a pretty but dumb southern belle.
Retta Jean smiles. “If Lacey and I can start right now on each one of the chemistry and calculus problems, then we both can finish up that work assignment by six or seven o’clock this evening, Elder Balegreen. Tomorrow in the morning at school and in the last period and during the study hall session, I can acquaint Lacey with the fine art of research writing while we start working on her deficient world history research paper.”
“Lacey should decide her own school tutor,” Breck continues to stare and sneer at the nose profile on Retta Jean. He wants to ensure that his gal Lacey receives a good grade and continues to stay put inside the AP classroom, because her father will become mad at her for some strange reason.
At the single chair, in the middle of the room, Robert Earl shakes each hand that holds a pen and a notebook of paper in silent frustration.
On top of the giraffe-patterned loveseat, Flamingo continues to shake his backwards baseball cap and both arms in silent frustration.
“Toot, toot tutoring!” Cinco continues to sit in the chair in the first office desk and smiles at the computer screen, after hearing the tutor word from a pair of flapping lips. Then he continues to kills each nasty villain with a chuckle and finishes the cold beverage, after eating the entire plate of food snacks.
The front door chime sounds with a low ding-dong musical tone.
Inside the belle parlor room, each pair of lips stops flapping and as each pair of eyeballs peel toward Arie. The room becomes silent, like a dead king’s tomb.
“Who is that standing in front of the entrance doors? Everyone is here and present inside the parlor room.” Arie stares at the set of closed doors with a puzzled brow and then slides off the office chair, standing upright on top of the floor, slowly moving ahead to the archway. She stops and opens the door, exiting the room, closing the door shut.
Inside the middle of the belle parlor room, in the single chair, Robert Earl exhales with frustration. “The deficient academic homework assignments are clearly due on Friday morning, at eight o’clock for each one of her academic subjects. So, each AP teacher has wisely decided that Miss Newton needs a set of two tutors…”
“Toot, toot tutoring!” Cinco continues to sit at the second metal and chrome office desk and plays the electronic game on the laptop computer while annoying his grandfather for fun.
Robert Earl whips out and then wipes off the sweat from his mouth with the handkerchief, staring dangerously at his annoying grandson in silence.
“Naw.” Flamingo sits on top of the yellow and brown tinted baby giraffe-patterned loveseat and continues to shake both his backwards baseball cap and both of his hands while wishing and desiring and doing nothing with Loser Lacey.
The twin doors, inside the belle parlor room, slowly part open and then reveal Arie. She stands inside the open archway hugging onto an elderly woman.
Iredell Balegreen is a tall, overweight, and elderly female with a tone of wrinkled and weathered dark tinted skin, a head of shoulder length gray tinted curly hair, a pair of old blue colored eyes. She wears a long red tinted skirt, a white tinted short sleeved silk blouse, a pair of low red tinted sandals, and a red tinted shoulder handbag. And Iredell hugs onto a new female.
The new female wears a ruffled pink tinted top with a set of thin spaghetti strings as the right one drips off her naked shoulder falling down toward her covered breast. Her pink tinted top hangs even with her tenth rib and exposes the lower pink tinted skin.
A pair of cut-off blue jeans covers her fanny which is above both of her bony kneecaps. A satin pink ribbon is tied around each belt loops, dangling down even with her hip bone. Her pair of naked legs leads down into a pair of pink and white colored polished and worn cowgirl boots.
On top of the green tinted turtle-patterned loveseat, Breck looks up with a gasp and then a low grunt, staring at the new teen female. Lacey looks up with a gasp, dropping open her mouth exposing her bottom row of teeth with a soft sneer, studying the new female.
On the second office desk, Cinco slides off the chair as the office chair rolls backwards and then slams the solid wall. He struts ahead and extends both arms even with the floor, shouting out loud with a smile and a happy tone. “Grandmother,” he wipes both the dirty hands on the dirty jeans and then bounces into her open arms with a chuckle of happiness as the new girl sidesteps away from Cinco. 
Iredell curls both of long arms around the tall male with a smile, hugging her precious grandson with silent grandmotherly love.
Robert Earl slowly stands upright from the dining room chair and then spins around with a puzzled brow, staring the hug with Cinco. “Iredell.”
Iredell pulls back with a smile and a wink to Cinco. “Get back to your fun time, honey.”
Cinco spins around with a smile and dashes back to the wall, retrieving the office desk, sitting in front of the office desk surface again. He resumes the electronic game play on the computer laptop with a smile and a laugh.
Iredell turns with a smile and a wink to see her husband. “Robert Earl,” she sidesteps and then cuddles the new female, nodding to each teen as it is improper behavior for a southern belle to pointing with a manicured fingernail. “Violet, these are my three handsome grandsons, adorable Breck, smart ass Flamingo, and bad ass Cinco and there set of little friends.”
Arie nods to each teen as she has been taught not to point with a manicured fingernail also. “Retta Jean, she sits at the office desk and she studies with Flamingo inside his AP classroom. And Lacey Newton, she sits with Breck, who is another AP student with Flamingo.”
Iredell reaches over and pats the arm on the teen girl with a smile. “I brought Violet with me, so she can benefit from your tutoring session, Robert Earl. She seems to be having a little difficult in the subject geometry.”
Violet whispers as her words echo inside the quiet room. “I don’t mean to intrude, Mrs. Balegreen. Maybe, I should come back at another time.”
Iredell continues to pat the forearm on Violet with a smile and then moves ahead, strolling into the room, “No, darling. The time is good right now. Robert Earl, he set up this special event just for tutoring some of the Lacy Springs High School students also. Look at the bright cheery atmosphere in here! And there two tables of food and snacks for the hungry and a complete wall of school supplies for the learned. Today is the best day to come for the tutoring. Isn’t that right, Arie?”
Arie moves ahead with a nod and then stops, sliding back down into the office desk next to Retta Jean. “Of course, Mom. Today is an excellent day to tutor all the students. Come on in and pick out a chair, sweetheart.” She turns and points at the giraffe-patterned loveseat sofa with Flamingo.
Flamingo swiftly stands upright from the loveseat as a modern southern gentleman and allows both of the two southern ladies the softer fabric for a tender fanny. He scoots ahead and then parks his ass next to Cinco on the second office chair.
At the second office desk of chrome and metal, Cinco continues to play on the laptop and then leans over, whispering into the eardrum on Flamingo. “A full house…”
“…only used in a deck of cards. What in the fuck is going on here, Cinco?” Flamingo turns with a whisper back to Cinco and scans the room, returning back with a sour frown to see the electronic game on the computer monitor.
In the middle of the room inside the lonely dining room chair, Robert Earl wipes the sweaty brow for a second time and then scans the room which is filled with a set of eager young faces. “Welcome, Miss…”
Breck turns and grins goofy at the other loveseat while staring at the new teen girl. “Violet Faye Meeks, she’s a majorette in the marching band, who twirls her baton during the football pep rally…”
Lacey reaches over with a gasp and then slams a folded fist into the bicep on Breck.
He gasps in shock from the surprise collision with her hand and turns with a frown to see the distorted face on Lacey. “Well, she does twirl in the band at each pep rally. What’s wrong with you, Lacey?”
Flamingo notices the social collision and chuckles with a grin at the innocent reaction of Lacey’s jealous and Violet’s beauty coming from young buck Breck.
Violet Faye is a different body type from both Retta Jean and Lacey. Violet is tall girl that stands five feet and nine inches in height with a tone of pink glowing skin, a head of waist-long red hair that colors between a blaring carrot top red and a dull dark auburn. Her hair color matches her skin tone and her eyeballs.
So, her biological mother has named her daughter correctly.
Teen female Violet possesses a pair of pretty blue eyes with a touch of purple making them twinkle in a bright violet shade, especially when she smiles. Most guys only notice her set of big breasts that bounce above a tiny waist and a pair of long legs, when she wears her bikini-like skimpy majorette uniform on the football field and her tight T-shirt off the football field.
At the open archway, Iredell and Violet advance ahead together into the room and move ahead toward the giraffe-patterned loveseat, spinning around and then sit down together on top of the ugly fabric.
Iredell continues to cuddle with Violet and smiles at Robert Earl. “Violet’s mama told me that her daughter needs a little help in the subject of geometry. So I thought Violet could get some extra tutoring…”
“Toot, toot tutoring!” Cinco continues to sit at the office desk with Flamingo and sings out loud with a chuckle while playing on the computer laptop. Some of the other teens chuckle at his brilliant words.
Iredell nods with a smile. “Today, Robert Earl has started his brilliant educational session to help all the students at Lacy Springs High become a better learner.”
Retta Jean exhales with a puff of annoyance and stares with a frown at Robert Earl, “The subject of geometry? I thought these academic sessions were limited to only AP instructions for an AP student, Elder Balegreen.”
“All of us can’t be in the advanced placement studies, dear. Isn’t that right, Cinco?” Iredell turns and smiles at her most mischievous and handsome grandson Cinco.
“Toot, toot tutoring!” Cinco continues to sit at the second office desk and sings out loud with a chuckle while playing on the laptop computer. Some of the other teens chuckle with amusement.
Robert Earl turns and frowns at his wife. “Iredell, we only have two working tutors which are AP students that work only with AP academic subject matters. As I recall, the academic subject of geometry is taught as one of the regular courses at Lacy Springs High School. I did not believe that she can fit into our work session today. We can set up another tutoring session, maybe, sometime next week.”
Iredell shakes her gray curls with a smile, “Nonsense with that and to you, Robert Earl. Any previous good student of geometry can easily assist Violet with a little mathematical guidance in her current school work assignments,” she turns and smiles at the rear skull on Flamingo. “Flamingo, how about you personally work with Violet, this afternoon, dear?”
Flamingo turns to see Violet and then scratches his whiskers while pondering a sexy Violet over a stupid Lacey in silence.
On top of the green tinted turtle-patterned loveseat, Breck continues to stare at pretty Violet and then clears a throat, smiling at the nose profile on Violet. “I’m a current good student of geometry, Grandmother.”
Iredell turns and smiles at Breck, who possesses a set of dancing eyeballs and a bright smile at Violet. She nods with a grin. “That is an excellent idea, Breck. Would you mind providing a little instruction to Violet, this afternoon? Her mother would really appreciate the academic session and she is willing to pay for your school work performance with an hourly wage of monies.”
Breck winks at Violet, who blushes in pink tinted embarrassment. “Naw, Grandmother. I do all my stuff for free.”
Flamingo and Cinco chuckle out loud. Flamingo turns and smiles to Breck. “Do ya wanna vocalize all that free stuff here in the parlor room? Or do I need an ink pen for that free listing, Breck Brain?” Flamingo and Cinco chuckle again.
“Hush it, Flamingo!” Arie frowns at her smart ass Middle child.
“I’m just trying to fit into the tutor program, Mama.” Flamingo snorts with Cinco.
“You’re not fitting anywhere, middle-child.” Breck frowns at Flamingo and reaches over, patting Lacey’s hand while still staring with a smile at Violet, who sneers at Violet.
Iredell nods with a grin. “I do believe we have a tutor of geometry, Robert Earl.”
“Toot, toot tutoring!” Cinco continues to sit and sings out loud with a chuckle, scooting off the chair, exiting the belle parlor room.
In the middle of the room, in a single chair, Robert Earl wipes his sweaty face for a third time without looking down to see his handwritten notes. He drops the wet handkerchief on top of the paper with a stern face, staring at Lacey, “All right! We have a new set of impromptu roles. Miss Meeks will be tutored by Breck, since there are three individual Mr. Balegreen present inside the parlor room. Miss Newton will be instructed in her chemistry, calculus, world history, and English literature by Miss Moore. Flamingo…”
“Naw!” Flamingo turns and frowns at Loser Lacey.
Cinco returns back into the belle parlor room with a stack of loose papers and then stops, dropping the pile of papers down into Flamingo’s face, leaning down with a tongue of sour breath. “Is the letter of an F-plus worser than the letter of an F-minus, Flamingo?”
Flamingo looks down with a stern face and then studies each biology test paper, whistling out loud with worry. Each pair of eyeballs darts over to see him. Flamingo swiftly stands upright from the chair and then moves ahead toward his mother Arie and then stops, showing the failing grades on each one of Cinco’s test from biology class. He leans down and whispers a set of secret words into her distorted face.
Arie looks down with a gasp and studies each test paper, whispering with a set of secret words into Flamingo’s face.
Flamingo swiftly stands upright with a stern face and stares at Robert Earl. “New datum, ya’ll! I will be tutoring Cinco in the academic subject of biology starting right now, tonight. Do you agree with me, Mama?” She looks up and nods in silence to Robert Earl. Flamingo turns and winks to Retta Jean, “Congrats, kiddo! You get to tutor Miss Newton all by your lonesome wolf selfie,” he turns and smiles at Lacey. “Good luck, Lacey!” He spins around with a frown and shoves Cinco toward the open archway. “Get moving, now, Cinco! We have lots of work to do, before your next test.” Cinco moves ahead and shakes his curls in silence. They both exit the belle parlor room, advancing up the stairs and into the Pig Pen.
Inside the belle parlor room in the single chair, Robert Earl exhales with annoyance and then frowns with frustration, staring at Lacey, “All right! It seems that Miss Newton will be tutored by Miss Miller for all her academic classes,” he stands upright from the chair and stares at Lacey.
Lacey swiftly stands upright from the loveseat and tosses both arms in the air, yelling out loud. “No. I’m supposed to be tutored by…”
“Me!” Breck swiftly stands upright from the loveseat and then quickly advances toward the second loveseat, mouth drooling with a grin at tall and slender Violet.
In front of the single chair, in the middle of the room, Robert Earl frowns with a nod. “You will be tutored by Miss Miller, Lacey. That is how this hand has played out for you, Miss Newton,” he slowly spins around with a sour frown and then faces the open archway, slowly moving ahead on a pair of stuff legs, toting the ink pen and pad of paper.
At the first office desk near the side wall, Arie slides off the chair and stands on top of the floor, leaning down with a fake smile into the face on Retta Jean. “Good luck, Retta Jean.”
Retta Jean exhales with worry. “Thanks, Miss Arie!”
Arie stands upright with a smile and then spins around, moving ahead and then stops, standing at the entrance wall with the three school supply table, spinning around and models in front of the first table with a smile in silence.
Beside the green tinted turtle-patterned loveseat, Breck swiftly shuffles ahead with nervousness and then stops, standing beside the giraffe-patterned loveseat. He leans down and assists his grandmother to stand upright on the floor while smiling at Violet.
Iredell stands between Breck and Violet, reaching out, touching the arm on Violet. “Breck, do you know Violet?”
“Yes ma’am. We share all the same classes. Except, I usually sit in the back with the boys,” he chuckles with silliness.
“Yes ma’am. We share all the same classes. But I sit in the front with my fellow majorettes.” She smiles at Breck.
Iredell nods with a smile to each teen. “Then, there’s no need for my services any longer. I’ll leave ya’ll together for your tutoring session. You, two kids have fun and learn something new. Violet, I will carry you back home in my sedan right after the suppertime meal.”
“Yes ma’am,” Violet smiles at Breck.
Iredell moves ahead with a smile and then glances back to see Lacey.
Lacey continues to stand in front of the green tinted turtle-patterned loveseat, sneering at the back spine on Breck, crossing both of her arms in silence.
At the second office desk, Retta Jean slides into the other office chair and then slams the hard surface with a loud clap. “Lacey, come over here and sit with me at this work desk and a new working computer laptop,” she reaches over and then touches on the keyboard, seeing the monitor brighten. However, Lacey will not be doing any work problems by computer, but by hand.
On the entrance wall, Arie continues to stand in front of the first school supply table, modeling with her arm. “Girls, we have provided a set of office supplies for your school needs. Please come and select any and all the items that you want or need. I hope you like the colors I picked out. Since, I only have a set of rough boys to shop for, not a set of pretty girls. And I wish you very good luck on each one of your school assignments. Also, your parents have been contacted and have agreed that you will stay for the suppertime meal and enjoy our home for the late evening. Then you will be dispatched back home by a driving adult, not one of the teens.”
In front of the yellow and brown giraffe-patterned loveseat, Breck reaches out and then gently shoves Violet toward the second office desk with the running laptop, following behind and then stops. He leans down and pulls out the first office chair with a smile. “Have a sit, Violet!”
“Thank you,” she sits down on top of the padded seat with a smile.
Lacey turns with a growl and glances back over a collar bone while sneering at Breck, running into the edge on the first office desk.
At the first office desk, Retta Jean continues to sit and taps inside her open chemistry book, looking at the rear skull of Lacey. “Good! You finally arrive. Sit down in the office chair, Lacey. We need to begin the work on each one of your chemistry problems from chapter one. Flamingo left off…”
Lacey doesn’t sit but swings around with a distorted face to see Retta Jean.
Retta Jean possesses a pair of almond-shaped eye sockets, one big hook nose, and a round face of dark brown skin tone. She lives life outside within the elements without an ounce of protective sunscreen or a pinch of fancy expensive makeup on her raw and chapped red tinted lips.
Lacey sneers. “Flamingo explains each one of the chemistry problems best…”
“He’s gone from the room, but I’m here. Please, sit down in the chair, Lacey.” Retta Jean smiles.
“I need a pen.” Lacey moves ahead toward the entrance wall, glancing back over a collar bone at Breck.
On the second office desk, Breck sits in the second office chair and then leans over with a smile, touching the new girl.
“School supplies over yonder for the taking.” Retta Jean looks down and searches through the textbook for the first answer in explaining the problem.
Lacey dashes ahead the table as she continues to spy on her boyfriend.
Breck stands upright from his chair and then leans down, pulling out her chair. She stands upright from the chair and dashes ahead with a smile towards the same supply table.
Retta Jean continues to view the open textbook while yelling out loud inside the quiet room. “Get a pencil, not an ink pen, Lacey.”
Violet stops and then stands beside Lacey, looking down with a smile, scanning the table with all the pretty colors. “Awesome! Look at the pretty colors,” she looks up with a smile to see Lacey. “Hi. I’m Violet. We aren’t…”
“…friends. Naw. We ain’t a set of girly friends ever. Let me announce this once for you clogged earwax inside each one of your eardrums. Breck is my man. Do you comprehend, chick-ee-poo?” Lacey snarls and sneers.
Violet wipes the smile off her face and then says with a stern face. “Look. I need help with my homework like you, Miss Newton. My mom asked Mrs. Balegreen for her academic assistance. I’m here because of my mama...”
“Then you learn swift and fast all of your geometry stuff. And don’t be forgetting here. That’s my man you’re sitting with at that desk,” Lacey growls.
“Lacey, we’re running out of daylight over here.” Retta Jean shouts out loud at the second office desk.
Lacey reaches out and grabs a purple colored notebook and a purple tinted pencil, whirling back around to see Retta Jean, moving ahead back to the first office desk. She turns and spies on the first office desk with Breck.
At the supply table, Violet reaches down with a smile and selects a notebook, an ink pen, a post-it note pad, and a ruler, twirling around with a grin, moving back to Breck.
At the second office desk, Breck stands upright from his chair and then leans down, extending out her office desk chair for Violet. She sits down with a flirting giggle. He gently scoots her back into the edge of the office desk and then he slides down into his chair, scooting his kneecaps, touching her leg.
She softly giggles with the flirty gesture.
At the first office desk, Retta Jean looks up and then leans over, sneering into the nose profile of Lacey. “Lacey, please pay attention to me. We will start here.”
On the second office desk, Breck looks down and opens his geometry book from his personal backpack. Flamingo had graciously delivered the backpack into the parlor room, after Robert Earl’s final announcement of tutor assignment, before heading upstairs to tutor his brother Cinco.
Violet looks down into his geometry book with a smile.
He points down at the page and then looks up with a smile to see Violet. “Okay. What have you learned in geometry, so far, Violet?”
She looks up and frowns at him. “Well, I have not learned too much. I just don’t understand the math or the problems. I perform with a letter grade of B in the rest of my other academic classes but this one. I thought geometry was only a study of triangles which has three sides. That’s an easy concept for me to learn. But geometry is much more than my brain cells can fathom. I guess.”
“Don’t worry. I make the letter grade of A on each one of my geometry tests,” he reaches out and pats her hand, nodding with a smile. “You might need to take a geometry class in college, depending upon your academic major. Are you going to enroll at Burn U?”
She smiles. “Yes, I’m going to be a majorette in the marching band, since I love twirling a baton for fun. Are you going to be on the football team at Burn U as a kicker?”
“Hmm! I guess I haven’t thought that hard about it, since we’re still in our first few weeks as seniors at Lacy Springs High.”
“You’ll probably get a scholarship or something for being smart with your books and talented as a star football player on the Lacy Springs football team.”
He chuckles with a goofy smile. “Do you see me play football as the kicker?”
She nods with a giggle. “Yeah, I always watch you playing football. You’re a really good kicker. The concept of kicking a football takes lots of math and physics skills to hit that ball between the two goal posts. I’m a big football fan, not much for the other sporting activities. I find the sport of basketball boring and the sport of baseball more boring, but the sport of football is very exciting to watch.”
“How do you know my grandmother?”
“Your grandmother is in charge of all the children’s activity programs at the church. I teach the three-year-old little girls a class of beginning ballet on Saturday morning for free and for fun inside the church’s auditorium. Mrs. Balegreen is in charge of the ballet program also, so I work with her scheduling all the calendar dates and times for each tiny ballerina dance class.”
“O! That’s so sweet! You’re a ballerina too. That’s so adorably cute.”
“I’m not really a real ballerina. I took gobs of ballet lessons forever, until high school activities took over my life. So, I can pirouette. That’s turn on top of ten my toe nails, very painfully,” she smiles.
He grunts at her cute facial features. “Do you like taking care of the little girls?”
“I adore the little kids. They’re so funny and smelly, sometimes. They say the cutest little things that make me laugh. I’m an only child, so it provides me a different world rather than solo cruising. It must be different for you as part of a threesome all the time and always having all the moments to split and share with your two other brothers.”
He glides a finger over the edge of the desk surface and smiles at her. “Yeah, I’ve never done any solo cruising, but it’s nice having a bro to talk with or fight with depending on the delicate circumstances,” chuckling.
She giggles. “So, you’re prepared, in life, if you have triplets of your own. Ya know, when you get married and have little ones with your future wife?”
He frowns. “Triplets and twins skip a family generation. Therefore, it is unlikely that I’d have a set of them, when I do finally get married and have a set of brats on my own.”
She gasps. “O!” She looks down with a worried brow at the office desk. “You must think me so dumb, Breck. I didn’t know that a set of triplets skipped a family generation and I can’t do simple geometry.” She looks up and then frowns at him. “Geez! I think I need some biology lessons, as well.”
He leans over with a wink and a chuckle into her cheekbone. “I can definitely help you perform some additional biology lessons too that I’ve perfected with ease…”
“Breck,” she giggles with a soft timber.
“Breck!” Lacey appears and stands behind the collar bone on Breck while staring with a sneer down on top of Violet’s red tinted hair roots.
“Lacey?” Breck spins around with a gasp inside his office chair and then swiftly stands, leaning down over the blonde tinted hair roots on Lacey.
“I need to pee.” Lacey continues to stare and snarls down at Violet’s red tinted hair roots.
Breck reaches down and grabs her arm with a stern face, turning with a smile to see Violet. “Do you want me to show you the unofficial girls’ powder room, as well, Violet?”
Violet stares down into the open geometry book with a stern face “No, thank you, Breck. I’m fine.”
Breck reaches over and cuddles Lacey, swinging them to face the open archway, shouting out loud for all eardrums to hear. “The power room is this way, ladies. Go out these doors and turn to the left. There exists a half bathroom with a wash sink and a clean toilet bowl of pine-smelling water that Cinco hasn’t dirtied. I promise,” chuckling.
They exit the belle parlor room, closing the door, so the other students don’t see them kissing. They slowly stroll ahead into the empty entrance hallway.
Breck leans down with a stern face and a whisper into her hair roots. “A southern belle doesn’t use those unladylike words in front of a set of guests, Lacey.”
“I don’t like her.” Lacey continues to cuddle with Breck and shakes her curls with a sour frown.
“Retardo Jean! Yeah, I don’t like her either but…”
They slowly stroll toward the left side, where an open archway displays the half bathroom, sowing the wash sink and the mirror.
“Not Retardo Jean, that vamp Violet…”
“Violet is harmless and…”
“Cute…” She snarls her lipstick orange-painted lips, crossing her arms, shaking her curls again.
He smiles. “Yeah, she’s cute and sweet.”
She stopped and then turned to face Breck, wearing a sour frown, shaking her curls.  “What? Dump her right now!”
“Lacey, my granddaddy established this Toot, Toot Tutoring…”
“That’s not funny.” Lacey sours.
“It’s a Toot, Toot Tutoring…” 
She grids her teeth. “Stop saying that, right now!”
He gently shoves Lacey toward the open archway into the half bathroom, before his mother Arie accidentally sees them together while out from the parlor room and not studying the academic subjects.
Lacey drops her arms and then reaches over, slapping his forearm with a sneer. “You are not required to volunteer and help her. Cinco takes geometry with you. He can tutor the red headed Violet,” she turns and views the open door inside the half-bathroom.
He shakes his skull with a worried brow. “Cinco makes a set of very poor grades in the subject of geometry. I’m going to tutor him next. Anyways, my grandmother brought Violet here to participate in our tutoring program. Look, Lacey! I obey all of my elders as stated in The Good Book. Don’t you obey your parents and grandparents also?”
She returns back with a sour frown to see Breck. “I do obey the elderly folks when it doesn’t include flirting.”
“I am not flirting…”
She tosses both arms in the air with a sneer. “You held out her chair.”
“…like a good gentleman…”
“Then you need to become a bad gentleman…”
“A bad gentleman would hold more than her chair,” he laughs.
“Breck!” She slaps both of her arms down onto each leg and as her loud words echo inside an empty entrance hall.
He leans over and hugs her, pulling back with a stern face and a soft whisper. “Sh, Lacey. This is the home of my mom. I obey all of my mom’s rules and all of my grandmother’s requests like a good son and grandson for both the love and the respect of my kinfolk. That’s all, honey,” he leans down and quickly pecks her lips, pulling back with a smile. Breck doesn’t want his mother Arie seeing any more girly friend affection moves on Lacey, since Lacey is supposed to be working on all of her deficient AP school homework assignments and he has promised to tutor Violet.
She pulls back from him with a distorted face for a third time and then swiftly whirls to face the closed door on the belle parlor room in silence.
He thumbs back over a collar bone to the bathroom with a puzzled brow. “The bathroom is located in the opposite direction. Don’t you need to eliminate any of your bodily functions?”
She dashes away from Breck with a sour frown and swiftly moves toward the open archway. “No. I was giving you a gentleman test.”
He follows her back spine with a smile and then pulls beside her nose profile with a chuckle. “O! I passed as a gentleman. Is that right?”
She continues to move ahead fast and shakes her curls with a sour frown. “No, you have failed. Follow these easy rules right now! So, you do not fail anymore of my girlfriend tests which makes me more furious. Don’t touch her. Don’t sit too close to her. Don’t whisper secret words into her face.”
“What set of secret words? She’s not wearing her majorette outfit here inside the Toot, toot tutoring session,” he wiggles the eyebrow with a smile at the open archway.
“Stop that! What does that mean?” She stops with a sneer and swings around to see Breck, standing in front of the closed door.
The belle parlor room door quickly opens.
Retta Jean appears and stands, blocking the entranceway, smiling with a nod down at the hair roots on Lacey. “I get paid whether you study and complete each one of your delinquent homework assignments or not. Let’s try and finish up all the chemistry problems, before midnight. Time to get inside, Lacey.”
“Whatever!” Lacey spins around with a sour frown and scoots around Retta Jean, dashing ahead with a puff, sliding down in the chair. She slaps both hands onto the office desk surface with a soft growl, turning to see the opposite side of the room.
Retta Jean smiles at Breck and then spins around, dashing ahead, following the back spine on Lacey. She slides down into the first office desk and the other office chair, pointing down at the chemistry textbook with a stern face. “Lacey…”
At the open archway, Breck moves ahead in the opposite direction with a smile and stares at the red tinted hair roots on Violet, stopping and then scoots back down into his office chair. He leans over and bumps into her arm on purpose.
Violet looks up with a stern face to see Lacey and then looks back to see Breck. “We should work on my geometry problems. So. I can pass my test, next week.”
He turns and stares at Lacey with a smile.
Lacey is uptight with her girly emotion regarding all of her delinquent homework assignments which is due on Friday morning, if she wants to continue to stay inside her AP classroom. She will be in a much better mood on Friday morning during lunchtime.
Between today and Friday, Breck is going to assist Violet with her geometry lessons as instructed by his set of grandparents, since he always obeys his elders. He looks down with a smile to see the open textbook, “Shore! Hand me your ruler. I will start by explaining the different types of triangles which is key to understanding the basis of geometry.” He leans sideways and retrieves his notebook and a pencil from his backpack.
Her cupped hand reaches out and grabs, dragging the ruler from the office desk, lifting it into the air and then slams the ruler into Breck’s jaw line. “O! I’m so sorry!”
Lacey giggles with satisfaction at the body collision of the ruler and Breck’s jaw line and then returns back, looking down at the open chemistry book with a smile in silence.
“I’m so sorry, Breck.” Violet continues to stare with a worried brow. Her cupped fist and the sideways school ruler had collided into Breck’s nostrils without causing any blood damage.
He chuckles over the innocent incident. “I’m okay,” he reaches up and twists her wrist into his nostrils, inhaling a sweet fresh fragrance of honeysuckles. He sniffs for a second time, saying with a smile. “Your perfume fragrance is…”
She frowns at his face. “I don’t wear a perfume fragrance. My mama won’t let me. She says that I can use it in college when I’m not living at home and out of her nose holes. She has a set of big time sinus problem. Perfume just accentuates it while making my mama cough and sneeze like a newborn baby.”
He smirks with the new knowledge. Cinco had tattled there were five virgins left at Lacy Springs High School. Breck has discovered a sixth one, who sits next to him. He sniffs her wrist bone again with a smile. “You’re a…”
“…real cowgirl. Yee-haw.” She giggles.
“A red-blooded Bama cowgirl, who lives right here in Lacy Springs and attends Lacy Springs High School with me.” His set of eyeballs darts around Violet and then focuses on Lacey, who sits across the room. Lacey turns from the book and then winks at Breck. He releases Violet’s wrist bone and then waves at Lacey with the school ruler.
Lacey returns back to the new homework problem.
His eyeballs dart back to Violet and looks down at the open book. He points down at the first geometric figure. “Let’s start with the definitions of each type of triangle. An equilateral triangle has all three side of equal length which is like an Egyptian pyramid.”
“Okay.” Violet looks down to see the figure inside the textbook.
“Does that make sense?” He reaches over and draws a triangle on top of the paper with three acute angles, looking up with a smile to see Violet. “I got a great idea about how to show you all the different type of triangles. I promise here. You will see and feel the difference type of triangles,” he winks with a chuckle and then scoots his office chair further away from Violet and toward the left, placing his right arm parallel at the collar bone and even with the floor, pointing all five fingers at Violet as she giggles. He smiles. “Now, you place your left arm over my right arm directly on top.”
Violet stretches out her left arm as the limb rests on top of Breck’s bicep, forearm, wrist, and open palm.
He leans his left arm, imitating an acute angle, intersecting at his armpit. “Lean your right arm, touching my middle finger.”
She shifts her right arm in front of her nostrils, touching Breck’s middle finger. 
He smiles. “Okay. Snap a picture in your mind of our human equilateral triangle. Do you see how each one of our armpits forms the same three acute angles? Each bent arm is the same distance from each other.”
She stays in the human pose and studies the human design. “Wow! This is so cool. I see the image that we have created within my eyes and then translated it into my mind in the formation of an equilateral triangle.”
They continue to hold the human equilateral triangle pose while making lots of funny grunts and giggles.
On the opposite side of the room, in the first office desk, on the second office desk, Lacey turns and narrows her eyelashes at the funny pyramid, where the hands and arms of Breck and Violet touch. She yells with a sneer at the human equilateral triangle. “What are you doing over there on in your office chair, Breck honey pie?”
“Lacey, this chemistry problem concentrates on the concept of curl measurements. How much a vector field is spinning? It’s a pain in the rear to math. But we each possess a calculator that has been provided by Miss Arie. This is one is lavender tinted. Flamingo told me that you like the hue of purple. You need the curl calcs to work with Stokes’ and Greens’ theorems which are presented here in Chapter Number Three. We should attack that chapter before suppertime.” Retta Jean points the page in the open textbook.
Lacy continues to spy on Breck and Violet while softly sneering. 
On the opposite side of the room, in the second office desk, Breck breaks the human formation of an equilateral triangle, shuffling and then places both arms on the table surface with a soft thump and a chuckle. His eyeballs stare down at the next definition of a different type of triangle and as he smiles. “An isosceles triangle has two sides of equal length. Hmm! I know,” he looks up with a wink to see Violet. “Scoot your pretty person closer to me.”
She stands upright from the office chair. Breck reached out and scoots her office chair next to his seat. She re-seats with a smile.
He reaches down and drops his right arm next to his side. “Okay. Lean a body against the back rest on your chair while sitting upright, straight and tall. Place your left arm parallel to the back rest on my chair that runs across my back spine. This is the bottom level part on the isosceles triangle. Then I place my left arm across the front of your blouse for the top tier on the isosceles triangle.”
She gently moves her left hand of fingers along the chrome metal of her chair, hitting empty air, touching the beginning of his chair. She gently crawls her arm along his shirt, until she reaches the opposite side of his chair, hitting empty space with a giggle.
He grunts from her girly motions and then stretches out his fingers on his left hand towards her hand over table surface, hitting the air molecules and then touches the edge of her blouse. He sails his hand, forearm, and bicep over her breasts on the blouse, until reaching air on the opposite of her chair.
“This is an isosceles angle, Violet. Now, you extend your right arm into the air and touch my middle finger on my left hand.” His left arm and her right arm meet and connect in the air forming a human isosceles triangle.
They pose and sound with a set of chuckles and grunts while looking into each other eyeballs.
“Clever! I actually feel an isosceles triangle. I’ll never forget this picture of us either,” she smiles.
“Me, either! Do you see how the basis of an isosceles triangle? This is…”
“…a fun way to learn geometry, Breck,” she chuckles.
On the opposite side of the room, in the first office desk, in the first office chair, Lacey turns with a gasp and spies on Breck, shouting out loud. “Are you done with her lessons for geometry, Breck sugar pie?”
Retta Jean taps an eraser tip on the page in the textbook with a stern face. “Lacey, the solution to this problem deals with gradient. Have you ever walked up a rolling cow pasture that goes up towards the skyline? Do you wonder which would be the fastest method walking up or walking down? You can figure out solution with the concept of gradient. Let’s do it here for fun,” chuckling.
On the opposite side of the room, in the second office desk, in the second office chair, Breck gently shuffles his arm away from her blouse with a chuckle and then slaps the open textbook with both hands for fun, looking down at the next mathematical figure. “A scalene triangle has three sides of different lengths. Hmm!” He looks at her with a grin. She continues to hug his chair with her left arm with a smile in silence. He nods. “We’re going to cuddle our two bodies shoulder to shoulder like a pair of two turtle doves for the base line on a scalene triangle, while demonstrating a shorten length. Is that okay with you? Since I always gets a lady’s permission before I bug-hug any female,” chuckling.
“You can bug-hug me anytime you would like, Breck,” she winks with a grin.
“Hmm! I just remembered that I like to bite too. Okay. Hold your right arm in the air and in place like it is now. Your right arm forms a ninety-degree right angle coming from your armpit. I’m going to lean my left arm over to your face, so the second angle is not equal to either the base line of our bug-hug or your ninety-degree right angle,” he gently shoves his right shoulder into her breasts with a soft grunt. She giggles. He smiles. “Do you see our human scalene triangle? The two different angles are formed with one of our arms and our tow meshed soft bodies.”
“I…” she giggles. “You smell nice, Breck.”
On the opposite side of the room, in the first office desk, the second office chair, Lacey turns away from the book to see the other side and then narrows her eyelashes at Breck, shouting out loud with a sneer. “What’s going on over there, Breck darling? I don’t understand how you can study when your arms are in the air waves?”
Retta Jean taps the eraser tip up and down on top of the page with a smile. “Lacey, this is a funner problem on vector fields in chapter problem number eight. A divergence is a vector operator that gives us a value at any point inside a vector field. Is this vector field right here in the book ‘coming together’ or ‘drawing apart’ at a given point in space?”
Lacey continues to stare and softy sneer at Breck. He and Violet are twisted like a human pretzel inside their desk chairs for some reason. She snarls. “I don’t really…”
“If the vector field has a positive vector operator, then you are diverging. Otherwise, you are converging. Do you see how easy it is to learn about vectors?” She flips the page to the new problem with a smile. “Lacey, let’s jump out of the 2-D world and into the 3-D world. The same 3-D world, where we are sitting here at this office desk while working on your past due chemistry assignments. Look here at this problem. The problem uses the function of X which is visualized as a set of lines. But we can also have the functions of X and Y that can be visualized as a surface. The goal of partial derivatives is to specify, what direction you want to go inside your 3-D world.”
On the opposite side of the room, in the second office desk, in the second office chair, Breck untwists both of his arms with a smile from her body, returning back to see the book, slapping both hands onto the open page with a chuckle.  “A right triangle has one angle that measures a perfect ninety degrees. A perfect angle is formed by a perpendicular intersection of two straight lines,” he looks up with a smile to see Violet. “You shift your body upright inside your chair and hold your right arm up toward the ceiling. Continue to keep your left arm resting on top of my back rest and even with the floor.” Violet obeys as Breck smiles. “Now, I will gently lean my body over into your body creating more than a ninety-degree measurement while holding my left arm up and then diagonal to your right hand.”
He shuffles his chest, head, and nose closer smelling her sweet honeysuckle natural fragrance on her naked neck while getting excited. He leans right arm into her face and then down at her breasts with a smile. “Now, you are forming the right angle, while I create something different from a right angle. Do you see the right angle, Violet?”
“I see that this feels right for me,” she smiles.
“Me, too,” he leans down into her blouse with a soft grunt feeling both her warmth and natural virgin fragrance and then he quickly uprights with a smile, slapping the page in the book again with a huff of delight. “An obtuse triangle has one angle more than ninety degrees but less than 180 degrees.” He turns and lifts his right hand in the air. “Hold my hand with your left hand. Then stretch your body back towards the edge of the office desk, as far as, you can without falling out of your chair. I will stretch the other way.”
She shifts her upper torso away from Breck and towards the edge of her chair.
He shuffles his chest and skull away from Violet with a grunt. “Good job! Hold your right side outstretched, almost even with the floor. I will tilt my entire left arm behind my head.”
She feels the tight tug of his hand sitting inside her chair that moves in the opposite direction. “I feel like I’m going to fall out of my chair.”
“I got your body, darling. You’re safe in my hand,” He chuckles. “Can you see our bodies and our arms comprise more than ninety degrees, which is probably close to a lousy 130-degree angle? Do you understand our human obtuse triangle, Violet?” He chuckles as she giggles.
On the opposite side of the room, in the first office desk, the second office chair, Lacey stares at Breck and then swiftly stands, shouting out loud with a sneer, waving her arms around in the air. “Stop touching her, Breck!”
Retta Jean exhales with a sour frown and then slowly stands, moving around the office desk and then blocks Lacey’s view, where a really weird formed human pretzel shows Breck and Violet, who are having more fun learning geometry than Lacey understanding chemistry. She exhales with annoyance. “You are being obtuse, Lacey. Please re-seat and finish the rest of your work problems, before the sun rises tomorrow morning.”
On the opposite side of the room, in the second office desk, in the second office chair, Breck sits upright and man-pulls Violet from her drifting position back into a lady-like upright position inside her chair. He wraps his right arm around her office chair as she cuddles closer to him while smelling his fragrance too.
He looks down with a smile at the next geometric figure. “A plane is a flat and two-dimensional object, such like, the hand.” He holds his hand perpendicular to his face. “High-five!”
She copycats his hand movement and then slaps her right hand into his spread-eagle formation.
They snigger and re-slap their open palms together while chuckling for fun and sing in unison. “High-five. High-five. High-five…”
On the opposite side of the room, in the first office desk, the second office chair, Lacey slaps both of her arms down onto each leg with a popping sound and stares at Retta Jean, saying to Breck with a sneer. “I can’t concentrate on my homework. There’s too much noise occurring over yonder,” she sits down and returns back to see the open textbook with a sour frown n silence.
On the opposite side of the room, in the second office desk, in the second office chair, Breck drops both hands down on top of the page in the book with a smile, studying the next math figure. “The radius of a circle is the distance coming from the center to a point on the circle. This is like…”
“…your heart,” she reaches out and touches his shirt, locating his real heart muscle. Then she draws an invisible line with her finger straight upward to his lips, dropping her finger. She continues the invisible line at his throat going downwards toward his bicep. Then, she continues the invisible line at his naked forearm going down to his abdomen and then straight across his belly button toward the opposite side of his body. She continues the invisible line traveling straight up toward his lips again.
Thus, she completes a perfect circle and then stops her finger, caressing his lips. Breck giggles with a goofy grin from her soft female touch. Violet smiles, “Your heart is like the radius on your body and the heart pulse forms the circle pulling outward towards your body like a feeling.”
He loud grunts and then barely whispers. “Excellent analogy, Violet!”
On the opposite side of the room, in the first office desk, the second office chair, Lacey turns and screams at her boyfriend. “Breck!”
His name breaks his lusty day dream on Violet. Breck pulls back from her soft finger pad with a smile, returning back to see the textbook with a goofy smile. “Congruent triangles are figures with the same shape and size.”
Violet bounces up and down in her chair and then halts with a wicked grin, reaching out, roaming both of her hands over each one of his body parts with a giggle. “I got this one, Breck. You and your two brothers are similar, because each one of you possesses the same tallness, the same strong broad shoulders, and the same blonde curls in your hair. Each one of you also displays a pair of precious baby blue eyes. So, the three of you are called tri-gruent angels. I mean…”
“Angles, of course, you meant to say there. Ain’t that right, darling?” Lacey appears and then bad breathes down over the blonde hair roots on Breck, standing directly behind his collar bone. She turns and sneers at Violet.
Breck spins around in his chair and views his girlfriend with a gasp. “Lacey!”
“Lacey!” Retta Jean continues to sit and yells out loud on the opposite side of the room.
Lacey parks both of her cupped fists on the empty belt loops, looking down at the next geometric figure inside the book. “And it is time to rush and finish your geometry lesson, honey. A diameter is like sticking a sharp pointed sword directly into the middle of your chest cavity, going directly straight through your beating heart which makes you de…”
“Dang, Lacey!” Retta Jean continues to sit in the office desk and taps on the book page, yelling at Lacey. “You definitely know your geometry symbols. Come back and finish your cosine problem which is located here on this page!”
Lacey bad breathes down over his hair roots in silence.
The belle parlor room door opens.
Arie stands in the open archway with a smile. “Suppertime has arrived. Each one of you needs to nourish your brains and your bodies. Come on, kids. The meal is being served inside the dining room.”
At 04:55 pm inside the dining room, each teen and adult enters into the dining room and then stands for holy prayer.
Robert Earl voices the prayer for the supper meal. Cinco is the first teen to visit the buffet table of food, filling a plate, sitting down in a new assigned chair from his mother Arie.
Flamingo is the last person to visit the food trays and piles the food high onto a large plate, slowly spinning around from the buffet table, returning back to his new assigned seat which has been assigned by his mother Arie also. He places the food plate on top of the fancy tablecloth, reaching over, pulling out the dining room chair for his grandmother.
Iredell sits down with a nod to her grandson, staring at her plate of food on top of the nice tablecloth.
Flamingo leans to the opposite side, reaching over, pulling out the other dining room chair for Retta Jean.
Retta Jean stands behind the chair and continues to hold her food platter without receiving a teenly dirty trick from Flamingo.
He reaches down and grabs the back rest, lifting and then swings the chair around. He straddles the seat dropping both of his hands down toward the set of utensils, staring to eat his plate of delicious food.
Retta Jean is a Capricorn personality of hard work which is coupled with high ambition and key determination for getting there. Life is one big piece of pecan pie for this starry-eyed kid. A Capricorn personality adapts into their environment by adopting a business-like approach to everything they do. Hence, Retta Jean is running nose-to-nose for the first place valedictorian spot against Flamingo.
Flamingo will gladly concede, if she wins with a set of superior school grades over his academic work.
A Capricorn is a practical step thinker taking one step at a time using realistic, pragmatic, and dedicated goal, which is symbolized by the farm goat. Retta Jean is more like a farm mammal while flaunting her stubborn determination and dominating evil egotistical personality. She heads to the top of the mountain like a real goat for a breath of fresh air.
At the dining room table, Retta Jean leans over with a smile and a soft chuckle into the cheekbone on Flamingo. “I know why you’re smiling, Rambo.”
Flamingo reaches up and ties the cloth napkin around his throat like a little kid while keeping food stains off his favorite dirty vile-worded T-shirt, saying with a whisper and a grin, “Loser Lacey.”
“Touché!” Retta Jean whispers and then sits upright, diving into her food plate, chewing with a closed mouth of good manners.
Flamingo eats the food with an open mouth and a soft chuckle that he is not tutoring Loser Lacey tonight.
Arie will not punish Flamingo during this special evening event in front of the set of annoying guests and his proper set of grandparents, since she values both social graces and southern manners coming from both her guests and her boys.
Arie stands at the head of the table, guarding her full food platter, scanning her family and guests and says with a smile without waving her arms in the air. “Everyone, enjoy the meal. There’s plenty of food for a couple of more helpings, too,” she scoots down into her dining room chair with Breck’s assistance and asks before eating her plate of food. “How are each one of your studies progressing?”
Arie is born in the month of October, a Libra. A Libra focuses on others and how they relate in their pretty world. They epitomize balance, harmony, and fair play as the zodiac sign is displayed by a pair of wobbling weight scales. Thus, Libra Arie is balanced in both justice and fairness while wanting to do what’s best for her boys, her ranch, and her family.
“Boring,” Lacey picks at her food plate and sits next to Breck, who is between her and Violet.
“Very well!” Violet cuts her food and sits on the end of the dining room table and beside Arie.
“Okay.” Cinco sits beside Retta Jean with a soft moan, chewing the food with an open mouth. His brother Flamingo is a tough shit ass when it comes to schooling a student in the subject of biology. Cinco might get Breck to switch the tutoring lessons as he is more fun and easy going.
Retta Jean chews and then swallows the food, leaning down with a stern face and a whisper into the cheekbone on Flamingo. “Flamingo, I’m sorry about the two incidents at school.”
“No prob! Loser Lacey brings out the monster in every one of us.” Flamingo softly says between bits of food while sitting next to his grandmother.
She whispers. “You don’t seem to like to her kind.” Retta Jean chews with a set of southern belle manners while staring at Lacey and Robert Earl. They butt foreheads over a set of secret words. Violet and Breck turn and flirt with their eyeballs and butter knives at each other, sounding with a set of chuckles.
He whispers back into her cheekbone. “I don’t trust her or her kind.” Flamingo stares at Lacey and Robert Earl too.
Lacey and his granddaddy Robert Earl are discussing a set of secret words regarding her tutoring arrangement, which doesn’t include Flamingo.
Retta Jean whispers. “She isn’t your typical smart A-plus student in our AP classroom here at Lacy Spring.”
He chews on his food and her words while whispering back to Retta Jean. “She ain’t your typical southern belle either. I haven’t figured out Lacey, but I will,” he swallows the food and then shouts out with a grin. “Mama, Retta Jean wants to be a farm veterinary. What do you think about that grand plan? Maybe, we could use her awesome animal talents right here on the cow ranch when she graduates college with the highest honors.” He turns and winks at Retta Jean, stuffing his face with more food.
Retta Jean turns with a gasp and then nods with a smile in silence to Flamingo. She desires to be a farm veterinary but isn’t quite certain of achieving all of her college expenses. 
Cinco turns with a gasp and plops the sweet tea glass on top of the pretty tablecloth, spilling the liquid, smiling at the nose profile on Retta Jean. He is a child of Taurus like Flamingo and unlike Breck, who is first born triplet at 11:57 pm on a different day of the week.
The child of Aries (aka Breck) loves the game.
Taurus (aka Flamingo and Cinco) loves the rewards of the game.
Flamingo and Cinco share the zodiac traits, consisting of physical pleasures and material goods in their exotic delicious excess. A Taurus-person enjoys tactile contact of tender and sensual touching along with a comfort zone that is surrounded with pleasing, soothing things. The bull symbol represents both bull-headedness and stubbornness as each Taurus-person happily plods ahead toward the finish line with the reward of a material possession, fleshy (aka girls) or steel (aka guns).
At the dining room table, Cinco nods with a smile to Retta Jean and then views his mother Arie. “Me, too! Mama, did you know that Retta Jean and I found a foundered mare in the new green pasture on the south side of the barn, last spring. She was lying down on her side sweating like a leaking faucet and covered in rain puddles of water with a rapid breathing motion and a very high temp,” he turns and nods back to Retta Jean. She nods in silence to Arie. He turns and smiles to Arie. “We both figured out that she was suffering from a founder…”
“…from a grass founder,” Arie frowns at Cinco.
Cinco frowns. “Naw! It was grain founder, where she literally ate herself to death making her sicker than a dying dog. Since, a horse ain’t got no ability to vomit or shit…”
“This really is not an appropriate dining table conversation, Cinco.” Robert Earl frowns at Cinco.
Iredell turns and smiles at her husband. “Of course, it is, Robert Earl. This is a cow ranch, where all types of activities and conversations rotate around the supper table about cows and horses and their green tinted shit patties. For the non-cow folks sitting at our lovely table, prepared by my pretty daughter, founder can be described as killing your horse with kindness, when they eat too much hay, oats, or grains or even new grass. This medical condition is common in small ponies rather than mature horses which can damage the horses’ hoofs, making the mammal permanently lame or if need be put down dead. Tell us your farm story, Cinco dear.”
Cinco smiles at his grandmother and then turns to see the other faces. “Yes ma’am. Retta Jean and her dad were inspecting the south bend while me and Zeus. That’s my stallion. His name is Zeus. We were rounding the northern trail. Then we, four spotted the downed mare inside the pasture land. She had broken into the old barn door and then ate a half a sack of a fifty-pound bag of sweet feed.”
“What is sweet feed?” Lacey frowns with puzzlement.
Cinco smiles. “A mixture of cracked corn, oats, and molasses which smells good enough to eat…”
“Because, Cinco did eat it without a dare from me or Breck,” Flamingo laughs with the others.
Cinco nods with a smile. “And sweet food was good, too, smart ass. You give a horse sweet feed on a daily basis only three pounds of feed, not a fifty-pound bag once. Or the horse becomes founder. Anyhow, the mare ate the entire bucket and then she dropped down to the ground with a belly ache, lying on her side stuffed like a Thanksgiving turkey that was unable to discharge her guts. So Retta Jean came up with this great idea of shoving a garden hose pipe up her as...anal portal hole as the water loosened her bowels. Man! That horse sh…smelled for days.”
“Bravo! Bravo!” Breck claps and smiles with the other bodies.
Iredell claps with a nod and then leans down into the smooth cheekbone on Flamingo with a soft whisper. “That wasn’t so bad, was it, Flamingo?” She stops clapping and then returns back to her food plate like the others.
He stops the claps and then drops both hands back down onto the utensils, eating and swallows, whispering into her wrinkled cheekbone. “I’ve learned my lesson about interfering in other folks’ business, Grandmother.”
She smiles. “It’s okay to interfere when you love and care for other folk’s welfare. That’s the only time. And I want to you to promise me to do that again, if ever your mama or your two brothers need your help again.”
He cuts the food with a smile. “No prob. I will interfere faster. Why are you and Granddaddy exchanging some sharp words in front of the three grandsons and the grand company of strangers? That ain’t your usual style, Grandmother,” then he eats and chews turning to face her.
She reaches over with a smile and pats his arm while staring at her husband and Lacey, who continue to bump heads and converse in a set of secret words at the dining table. “There is nothing for you to worry about, Flamingo. Your granddaddy established this little school session here, instead of at the high school, where it should’ve been implemented. Arie is a busy woman with her ranch and her three boys. That’s why she has so many rules and regulations that sometimes even her three children forget to follow.”
He swallows the food and then chuckles. “But they do now.”
She stares at Lacey. “Is that Breck’s little cowgirl?”
He eats and chews the food, staring at Lacey across the tablecloth. “Lacey, she’s the short one that looks like our mama, interestingly.”
Lacey possesses a petite body frame, a head of platinum locks, and a tone of suntanned skin. Iredell turns and stares at Arie, returning back with a gasp. “She does at that, doesn’t she? How amusing to my neurons. She also displays a set of matching long blonde hair and a tone of dark skin tan tone but dresses in that tacky bright neon orange. Arie only likes the color pink. Do you know that fact about your mother, Flamingo?”
“Yes ma’am. I do and I remember.” Flamingo chews with a laugh, spitting food particles across the tablecloth.
“When did the little cowgirl arrive here at Lacy Spring?”
“A week and a day ago…”
“How amusing! What do you think about Lacey, Flamingo?” She continues to eat and stares at Lacey.
He stops the chewing and then swallows his food, turning with a puzzled brow to see the nose profile on Iredell.
Iredell turns with a smile to see Flamingo. “You are going to be a medical physician, Flamingo. They are highly sought after for their brilliant acute observation skills about other folks for various and different medical and social reason. So, give me your amateur opinion, boy.” She returns back and then eats, chewing the food, staring at Lacey again.
He stares at Lacey with a grin. “She’s a dumbass, Grandmother.” Iredell sniggers with a closed mouth. He whispers. “I don’t mean a dumbass like Cinco. Cinco is smart but lazy with all of his homework assignments, marking him one of these creative labels, especially at report card time. I mean here. Lacey is not very smart in school. And she exists in all my AP classes which boggle my intellectually mind along with some additional mental and emotional pings, hence our impromptu non-family gathering…”
Iredell hears and then swallows the food, grinning at the new information as she is birthed under the zodiac sign of Sagittarian.
A Sagittarian personality is a truth-seeker.
Iredell enjoys talking with an array of different people while finding out each truthful answer. The archer represents a clear thinker choosing to look at the big picture in the little world of Lacy Spring, Alabama. The archer personality also likes to debate with their personal life experiences and acquired book and social knowledge, especially with her college educated husband Robert Earl.
Across the table, Lacey looks down at the full plate of food and picks at the vegetable, wearing a stern face with a whisper only to Robert Earl. “I am trying…”
“You must try a little harder. Or my final report will not be satisfactory for any of us.” Robert Earl chews and then swallows the food while encouraging with his Scorpio astrology personality.
A Scorpio personality is drawn in the shape of a desert scorpion. The beauty of the Scorpio, they like to kill rather than be killed while controlling their own destiny, making the person over bearing, intense, passionate, and filled with a set of deep desires, sometimes secretive desires.
“I know.” Lacey swings her platinum colored mane like the proud lioness as her astrology personality sign is Leo for the month of August.
A lion of the Leo zodiac sign loves being center stage, like Lacey, who likes the attention and the drama of current flair or affair. Her flaming personality acts like the queen cat of the jungle around her boyfriend Breck.
Lacey turns to see the rear skull on Breck while ease dropping on his private conversation with Violet.
Breck chuckles at her joke and then eats, chewing the food, staring at Violet’s nose profile. “Naw. We have something in common, Violet,” he smiles with an overconfident born under the sign of Aries, the first sign of the zodiac and the leader among the triplets.
Aries is represented by the ram with a bundle of energy that is coupled with a dynamic personality. Aries is the person who rallies the troops into a fearless trek of the unknown that wins the battle with both charm and charisma, like Breck. He is bold, aggressive, courageous, and independent. His social mannerisms are construed as arrogant and domineering, since his emotions are ruled by his pair of eyeballs and his set of brain cells, not his heart and his personal emotions.
Violet looks up with a puzzled brow to see Breck. “What do we have in common, Breck?”
He grins. “I’m the cotton and you’re the cotton gin,” softly chuckling.
She grins. “Yes, that’s very clever. I am the cotton gin as my parents literally own a cotton gin on the edge of Lacy Spring.”
“What is your chosen academic major at Burn U? We might be taking some college classes together.”
“I am choosing the field of general business which is something simple and easy. My future is cotton ginning, since my parents wanna retire within the next eight years. He likes to remind me, so I can set my goals on my future of owning a cotton gin. Yeah. It sounds pretty boring.”
“Naw. I’m going to become a lawyer. Unless I’m a criminal attorney, my selected career will be boring for me, as well. I’m learning the lawyering stuff to take over all the legal accounts here at the cow ranch, so my mama can retire and not worry her pretty little head about her ranch or her three sons.”
“That’s really smart.”
“Do you wanna become a lawyer, too?”
“No. We have a lawyer. There is not a lot of liability within a cotton gin, since each cotton gin employee must sign a set of release papers from any personal risk or blame on the business entity. And most of the cotton gin equipment is automatic now days, before the ancient times with our parents. I just spend my time learning about the mechanics inside the shop, but I also have engineers for that function.”
“Wow. You sound so professional. My shop! My engineers!”
“I spend my summertime hours learning all the different type of work roles inside the cotton gin. Since, it’s good to know all of it as the future new boss, one day.”
“That’s really smart. Don’t you see? We are both smart together and like the same things, cotton ginning.”
Violet smiles. “Yeah, I see that too.”
Beside Robert Earl and the end of the table, Lacey exhales with annoyance over the private ease dropping and then turns with a smile to see Arie. “The supper meal is great. What are we having for dinner tomorrow night, after our next tutoring session, Miss Arie?”
At the head of the table, Arie looks up with a fake smile to see Lacey. “There is church choir practice on tomorrow night with the supper meal inside the Fellowship Hall. I’m afraid there’ll be no…”
“Toot. Toot. Tutoring!” Cinco laughs without the flying food particles across the tablecloth as Arie will tan his fanny for making any of the strangers vomit over the pressed tablecloth tonight. The others softly chuckle.
Retta Jean looks up from the plate food and clears a throat, turning to see Robert Earl. “I don’t believe there is any need for an additional tutoring session, Elder Balegreen. I will work with Lacey tomorrow through the school period and until the end of the day. I have sketched out a rough outline for all three research papers in the academic subjects of world history, literature, and sociology. She writes the papers, finishes them on Thursday night, and then presents all three of them on Friday morning to Principal Marshall. Then Lacey should be good to go…”
“Good to go!” Flamingo nods with a smile at his brilliant escape, getting out of Loser Lacey’s homework assignments. Then he scoots back the dining room chair and swiftly stands from the chair, twisting to face the buffet table, moving ahead with a chuckle. He reaches out and grabs a third piece of pecan pie made with Alabama pecans that came from his farm.
Lacey turns and frowns at Retta Jean. “I gotta write three research papers by Friday morning. That’s impossible!”
“That is all possible, Lacey.” Retta Jean smiles at Lacey. “I have very detailed notes along with all the footnotes, where I have marked down inside each reference book, in which I have borrowed from our resourceful school library. You are required to write three pages…”
Flamingo slowly spins around with a smile and moves back to his new assigned dining room.  “That’s 2,000 English words within each research paper, which is a total of 6,000 words, if you happen to be mathematically challenged, Lacey,” he places the dessert on top of the table, sliding down, scooting his chair and bangs the edge of the wood. He grabs the fork and dives into brown sugary gooey pecan pie with a smile.
Retta Jean smiles, “Each research paper must be double-spaced…”
“Double-spaced!” Flamingo turns and frowns at the nose profile on Retta Jean. “Then, that’s only about 1,000 words, which is only 71 lines for a three-paged research paper.”
Robert Earl turns and smiles at Lacey, patting her arm with a nod. “I have worked with Principal Marshall and presented to him that Miss Newton only needs to show her strong aptitude of AP knowledge, not present her college dissertation for a doctoral, which she can acquire later in life at Burn U.”
“That chick ain’t going to college.” Flamingo stares at Lacey and whispers too loudly that reaches the eardrums on Iredell. “She’s looking for a simple life with a simple redneck and she’s found one.”
“Over my dang dead body!” Iredell softly sneers and stares at Lacey. Flamingo hears the deadly words of his grandmother and then sniggers, eating the pie, staring at Lacey.
Robert Earl slowly stands upright from the chair with a smile, back stepping from the table, spinning around and moves back into the kitchen. He leaves the plate of dirty dishes on top of the counter.
On the opposite side of the dining room table, Retta Jean slowly stands upright from her chair with a smile. “Lacey will have plenty of time between each school course tomorrow and all Thursday evening for her work assignments while I am happily available to proof all of her homework assignments, before Friday morning, of course.”
Flamingo swiftly scoots back while chewing the last piece of the pie, standing upright from the chair and then leans over with a smile and a whisper into the cheekbone on Retta Jean. “Thanks a lot!”
Retta Jean back steps from the dining table with a nod in silence at Flamingo and scoots around the table edge moving back into the kitchen setting also.
Arie wiggles side to side in her dining room chair. Flamingo dashes behind the back spine on Retta Jean and then stops assisting his mother with her chair.
Arie sidesteps from the table and then turns with a smile, dashing into the kitchen and fingering the counter top for placement of each dirty plate.
Flamingo leans down and totes her pile of dirty dishes into the kitchen also.
The housekeeping staff which is employed by Arie will clean all the dirty dishes tomorrow morning.
The teens and the adults exit from the kitchen moving down a narrow hallway, entering into the entrance hall.
At 07:01 pm inside the entrance hall, each teen and adult scatters into an array of different directions, pairing up with other people and then moving around the entrance hall, before heading back home in the nighttime of heated temperatures and bright starlight.
Robert Earl leaves the kitchen setting first and traverses down the inner hallway that leads out into the entrance hall, where the front doors hide the vanilla concrete front porch that does not hold an object, such like, a rocking chair or a potted plant or a patio table. He does not understand his daughter-in-law Arie.
She is both a strong-willed and strong-minded woman, who does not bend her rules or her ways for any person or relative.
Robert Earl had to provide the breakfast meal and then explain the delicate situation for Lacey to Arie using her own son Cinco as an example of massive academic failure. Then Arie had finally offered her home for the quickie tutoring session that would benefit Cinco also. Robert Earl didn’t select the high school setting as it reminded Lacey of all her academic failures, so far.
He stops and swings around, standing in front of the closed doors, watching each teen with fascination.
At the end of the inner hallway, Iredell slowly escorts Arie through the narrow hallway from the kitchen setting and then stops a few feet from the closed front doors, leaning down and lightly pecks a light kiss on the smooth cheekbone on Arie, pulling back with a smile. “Thank you for the supper meal and the use of your home for the quickie tutoring session, Arie.”
Arie nods with a smile. “You are very welcome, Mom. I’m always willing to do anything to aid in the progression of the students at Lacy Springs High, my old high school too.”
“Yes. And it is my old stomping grounds, as well. But, that is my ancient past,” she laughs and continues to stand with a grin while watching each teenager.
Breck and Lacey slowly exit the inner hallway together, then slide over toward the side wall, and finally stop, bumping heads in a two-person huddle, whispering with a set of secret words.
Violet exits the hallway alone and slowly advances ahead, stopping and stands beside Iredell, whispering with a set of secret words.
Flamingo exits last and swallows a large glass of milk still choking down the three pecan pie while burping out loud and stops, sliding toward the opposite side wall from Breck and Lacey. He watches each teen in silent intrigue.
Cinco and Retta Jean slowly exit from the inner hallway and then stop in the middle of the entrance hall, bumping heads, whispering with a set of secret words.
In front of the closed front doors, Arie spins away from Iredell and advances ahead with a smile, stopping and stands in front of Cinco and Retta Jean. They chat about the topic of horses, wiggling both arms in the air while making a set of funny sounds from the vocal chords. She smiles at the future two farm veterinaries here on her cow ranch. “Cinco and Retta Jean, what do think about starting a pre-veterinary internship program right here at the cow ranch? Should we consult Horace, Retta Jean?”
Cinco turns and smiles at his mother. “Yeah, that’s a great idea, Mama. How about we include an academic class on common horse illnesses and ailments in the internship program, too, Mama?”
“We can identify some symptoms on all equine disease, like thrush, West Nile virus, rain rot, bots, colic, ring worm, and others sickness traits.” Retta Jean nods with a smile to Arie.
“We can start an internship for the both of you here in the springtime, after the winter’s snow, when the land is more dry rather than moist,” Arie smiles.
Cinco says. “Good idea, Mama! We also include some classes on horse care, horse diseases, horse behavior, horse treats.”
Retta Jean smiles, “Yeah, Cinco, that’s a good one. When a rider feeds his horse a single piece of peppermint or a sugar cube or a sweet store-brought treat, instead of their proper oats and grains, the trouble begins for the rider, not the horse,” she laughs with Cinco.
Cinco grins. “I’ve heard about that ‘clicker training.’ A rider uses a tiny clicker mechanism and trains his horse to come out from the pasture for a day’s ride. This is not good. The horse gets eager to please when offered a sweet is offered. Then after a couple of times, the horse expects that same sweet every single time. It just makes the horse both nervous and excited. Sometimes, the horse becomes violent without the same sweet reward and then rears up, smashing down on the hair of its stupid master or mistress.”
“Not to mention, they like to nip at clothes, hands, arms, legs, and whatever else might be holding their sweet treat. People are the lot of pure and stupid mammals,” she exhales.
“That’s why we are going to be a set of brilliant animal docs, not a pair of people docs?” He nods.
“We need to add in some type of horse pest control academic class that includes pesky horseflies, stable fly larvae hatchlings, ticks, gnats, lice, and mosquitoes,” she smiles.
Cinco nods. “Yeah, that’s a great idea, Retta Jean. Here on the farm, we use a team of fly predators which are tiny wasp-like insects that fed on the fly larvae. They don’t bother the humans or the animals and also live through the hot summer days and the cold winters night here in Lacey Spring.”
Arie moves ahead from Cinco and Retta Jean. “Everyone, come inside the parlor room and collect up all the free school supplies,” she enters the room and disappears from the entrance hallway.
Inside the entrance hall, in front of the closed doors, Iredell stands with Violet, waving an arm to her grandson, “Breck, please come over here to me.”
On the side wall, Breck looks up with a smile to see his grandmother, and then moves away from Lacey. Lacey spins around with a gasp and silent fury at Iredell. Breck stops, standing in front of his grandmother with a smile. “Yes ma’am.”
Iredell stands between Violet and Breck, thumbing back over a collar bone to the closed entrance hall doors. “Please, go and assist Violet with her personal things down into my sedan. I’m responsible for taking Violet back home to her parents tonight.”
Breck turns and smiles at Violet. “Yes ma’am.”
Iredell nods with a smile to Breck.
Violet moves ahead with a silence smile toward the open archway in the parlor room.
“Breck, what are you doing over there, dear? I’m standing over here, darling,” Lacey yells out loud and stares at Breck with a sour frown. 
Breck spins around with a grin, seeing Lacey. “Yes, dear.”
He spins around and opens both of the entrance hall doors, swinging back, watching each teen. “Miss Newton.” Robert Earl scoots backwards and then stands inside the open archway in front of Iredell and Breck.
Lacey stares with a sour frown at Breck. “What?”
Robert Earl nods at Lacey. “Miss Newton, I require a private meeting with you.”
Lacey continues to stare with the same frown at Breck. “What?”
Robert Earl clears a throat and presses down the necktie onto his slender chest. “I will be returning Miss Moore back to her personal residence tonight. I have inside my car all the reference books for each one of your selected research homework assignments. Could you please come here and accompany me back to my vehicle? We can work together and then shift each reference manual into the front seat on your truck, Miss Newton?”
“Right now!” Lacey continues to stare with a sour frown at Breck.
Retta Jean moves ahead from Cinco and then appears, standing with a smile at the nose profile on Lacey, lifting a hand with three objects into the smooth cheekbone on Lacey. “Lacey, there are three binders here. One represents the subject of world history, literature, and sociology. The sociology subject matter is brief, since I had to come up with something at the last minute. Inside each binder, there is an outline of your research paper along with all the sequential paragraph sections and the six required footnotes that match each reference book. You can call me at home tonight. I don’t retire to bed, until eleven or so.”
Robert Earl continues to stand in front of the open archway and waves a hand in the air at Lacey and Retta Jean. “Thank you, Miss Moore. Your academic research and tutoring skills have been exceptional for assisting Miss Newton with all of her required and deficient homework assignments. Please go and gather all of your possessions, Miss Moore. I will take you home for the evening. And Miss Newton, please come and accompany me out towards my car now,” he slowly spins around with a stern face and moves out into the darkness.
“Whatever!” Lacey exhales with annoyance and moves ahead toward the open entrance door while following behind the back spine on Robert Earl.
Retta Jean and Breck spin around in silence and then stroll toward the belle parlor room.
At 08:13 pm inside the belle parlor room, Arie stops and stands at the first pretty girly table, twisting around to see each teen, waving her hand over the merchandise. “Violet, thank you so much for joining the Toot, Toot Tutoring session, tonight,” she smiles.
Breck comes up from behind the back spine on Violet and then frowns at his mom, staring down at the school supplies on each table, “Mama!”
Arie looks up with a smile to see Breck. “It’s a clever expression, Breck. Please come and avail yourself to each girly school supply table. Since, I have a set of three manly boys, who wouldn’t dare write an English sentence with a mint green ink pen.”
Breck stops with a grin and reaches out, selecting a mint green ink pen that glitters in puke green sparkles. “Flamingo might…”
“Might not!” Arie reaches out and then jerks the girly ink pen from Breck’s hand, placing it back down onto the girly table with a sour frown. “Let’s keep the rumble to once per month, first born child.”
Breck sniggers with a grin. “Yes ma’am.”
Violet reaches down and picks out of her favorite items from the free girly pile of office supplies. 
Arie smiles, “I honestly invite you to take as many school supply items as you wish. Or Breck gets to use all of the leftovers for school tomorrow morning,” giggling.
Breck chuckles out loud and shakes his cropped skull, because he is not touching any of these girly items on any of the three tables. But he might steal a pink highlighter and then sneak it into Flamingo’s ratty black backpack. Then, Breck will tell his childhood friend Yancy to search for the hard evidence for shit and giggles during football practice tomorrow after. He grins with a chuckle. “No, Mama.”
Arie giggles. “When is the next geometry tutoring session, Breck?”
“We will meet and work together on geometry during our class, Miss Arie.” Violet scoots to the next girly table and studies each pretty item while thinking of her fun time with Breck.
“Will you come back here for the Thursday night tutoring session, Violet?” Arie stares down at the table of pretty items. Her father-in-law Robert Earl had mentioned the tutoring session might occur for a couple of weekday nights.
At the second table, Violet shakes her curls and looks up, cutting her eyelashes back to see Breck, saying with a smile. “No ma’am. Tonight has been very helpful for me. I understand more about geometry in a couple of hours than the last three weeks of school. Breck is an excellent teacher.” She winks at him and then turns, smiling at Arie.
At the first table, Arie nods with a smile to the young female teen. “Good enough for me. Enjoy your evening, Violet,” she back steps from the table and then spins around, exiting the parlor room.
At the second table, Violet stares at the back spine on Arie. “You have a nice evening, also, Miss Arie.”
“What color would you like from the girly table?” Breck scoots his boots in his mom’s place and smiles down at the girly stuff on the single table.
“I like the color of pink.” Violet reaches out and grabs one of the glittery ink pens with a set of pink colored sparkles, lifting it up, holding it near her smile and turns to see at Breck.
He chuckles with a grin. “But, you’re violet, Violet. Your name and your eyes are so close to the hue of purple that you can’t be called pink,” he reaches out and touches her lean bicep with a nod. “And your skin tone possesses a pretty pink undertone.”
She grins. “Thank you, Breck. I know that’s my name. But I really and truly like the color pink over the hue of purple.”
He reaches down behind the covered table of bright yellow hue and grabs a new pink colored backpack, holding the cute girly item in the air like a live rattlesnake. He winks with a smile at Violet. “Looky here! I hold a pink colored backpack for your pink girly stuff.” He hands the backpack and then reaches down again, retrieving a new purple tinted teenager backpack for his girlfriend Lacey.
Violet accepts and stares at the new backpack with a smile. “The backpack is so cute. Your mama must’ve enjoyed picking out the rainbow colors for the school supplies,” she lowers the top of the backpack even with the table, sliding down all the pink tinted school supply items down into the empty darkness inside the backpack.
He smiles. “Yeah! She’s only gets to purchase a set of nasty brown and dirty black for us, baddie boys that messes up the beige walls and the white sheets,” he reaches down and gathers up all the purple tinted school supply items for his girlfriend Lacey as she is busy transferring all the reference books from his granddaddy’s car into her truck seat for her homework assignments for the rest of the weekdays.
Retta Jean enters the room and is surprisingly paired with Cinco. He points at the girly table with a grin. “Hey! Does Retta Jean get some that girly crap too?”
“I’m afraid mint green is the only color left on top of the table, Retta Jean. I have taken all the pink hue on every school supply item,” Violet continues to slide each pink tinted school supply item down into her matching new backpack.
Breck continues to snatch and drop down each purple tinted school item down into the matching backpack for his girlfriend Lacey.
Retta Jean stops with a chuckle and elbow Cinco. “I like the color of green. It reminds me of each horse and their high pile of their green tinted healthy poop.” Cinco laughs with a nod.
Breck chuckles and stops working, reaching down, lifting up a puke green tinted backpack, handing the item to Cinco.
Cinco accepts the puke green neon colored backpack from Breck. They move ahead and stop in the middle of the table, working together, scooping up each mint green school supply item down into the new matching backpack.
Inside the entrance hall, Flamingo continues to stand in place and holds an empty glass tumbler, slowly strutting into an empty room and then plows both of his flips flops inside the open archway in the belle parlor room. He yells out loud with a stern face, “Cinco.”
“What?” Cinco continues to assist Retta Jean while filling the puke green tinted backpack with all the puke green girly shit.
Flamingo frowns. “Get your ass upstairs and finish studying for the biology quiz which is tomorrow morning.”
Cinco continues to fill up the backpack with a puzzled brow. “How do you know that? I got a pop quiz in biology tomorrow morning.”
Flamingo exhales with annoyance. “Because, it is electronically typed on your computerized weekly syllable inside the electronic file on your personal mobile telephone, dumbass. Get your butt upstairs, before I make Breck carry you up like a baby,” he back steps with a stern face from the open archway and swings around, steering toward the staircase, wiggling his set of naked toes upstairs into Pig Pen.
Inside the belle parlor room, Cinco and Retta Jean both finish the packing and then swing around while talking and laughing. They move ahead and exit the parlor room, strolling toward the open entrance doors. Cinco moves with Retta Jean outside between the darkness of night and lightness on the front porch. He stops with a smile, “Lookie! I’ll see you tomorrow afternoon at the barn, Retta Jean.”
“I’ll be there tomorrow afternoon. Good night, Cinco. Thanks for all the stuff.” Retta Jean moves ahead into the darkness, slowly strolling ahead toward Robert Earl’s four door sedan and then back to her home.
At the entrance way, Breck and Violet moves together ahead and follow behind the back spine on Retta Jean and Cinco, strolling over the well-lighted front porch concrete, hearing the bugs and the crickets, seeing the bright moon rays and the stars.
Violet turns and smiles to Breck. “Thanks for the tutoring session tonight.”
Breck chuckles at Violet. “Toot, Toot Tutoring! You gotta use Cinco’s proper name.”
She sings in a soft tone of soprano. “Toot, Toot Tutoring!”
He leans over and hugs her, chuckling with a smile. “You’re such a girl. I’ll hold your backpack for you,” he reaches over and pulls the item from her pair of female hands, slamming it across his shoulder blade.
They slowly stroll ahead toward Iredell’s parked sedan. The car is parked on the top of the curvy driveway. Lacey is talking to Robert Earl in front of his car bumper.
Retta Jean stops and opens the passenger door, storing her new green tinted backpack inside the front seat inside his sedan and then disappears behind the closed car door.
On top of the driveway, Breck and Violet slowly move ahead toward Iredell’s vehicle. “You’re very sweet to teach me about all the geometry figures, Breck,” Violet smiles.
“That’s the gentlemanly thing to do as I have been taught properly by my mama,” Breck smiles.
She grins. “Your mama has taught you a lot of gentlemanly charm as I note with my southern belle ways.”
They slowly stroll in the moonlight toward the car sounding with a set of chuckles.
At 08:31 pm outside in the night sky, inside the driveway of yellow brick, they stop and stand beside the passenger side on Iredell’s car.
Breck reaches down and opens the car door, loading her backpack down into the rear seat. Violet slides down into the passenger seat. He squats down on one knee on top of the driveway pavement and listens to her words.
She smiles into his grin. “I’ll work on the set of geometry exercise problems tonight, so you can correct them for me tomorrow afternoon during class time. But I do feel more confident in my math work.”
“Good.”
She reaches down and jerks on the safety belt without movement.
He reaches down and touches, following the cloth strip with his fingers, saying with a stern face. “The seat belt is crooked. Grandmother Balegreen does not drive with a passenger much. She’s usually inside her husband’s car, not her own vehicle. We are all new drivers and like to drive ourselves around the town rather than ride with the old folks.”
She watches Breck untangle the cloth. “Yeah, I know. I like to drive myself too. But, my daddy insists that I ride with them to church and other public places for our weekly family food outings. I guess that’s part of the parent thing that our parents never outgrow.”
“I guess.” He studies the seat belt. “It’s twisted.”
“That’s my fault. I had a little trouble sorting the cloth from the metal clip, when your grandmother scooted me into the car, this afternoon.”
“Here. I got it straightened out. Let me belt your body into the car. Grandmother Balegreen, she is a sticker about all the young’uns being webbed into a seat. Or she won’t leave the driveway.” Breck stands from the pavement and leans over, wrapping the safety belt around Violet.
Lacey appears and stands behind the back spine on Breck with a tongue of sour breath. “What is happening over here, Breck?”
Breck clips the metal and then squat back down, smiling at Violet. “I’m done. You’re good to go…”
“Good to go where? What place are you going with her, Breck? Why are going with her, Breck?” Lacey parks both cupped fists on the empty belt loops while sneering at Violet.
Breck stands upright from the pavement with a loud grunt and then spins around with a smile to see Lacey. “Hey, Lacey! Did you get all your reference books out from my grandfather’s car for your research papers?”
Lacey frowns with a sour attitude, staring at Breck. “Where are going tonight with her, Breck??”
Iredell appears out the darkness and stands behind the back spine on Breck, reaching around his body, hugging her grandson. She spins them around with a smile to see the other teen faces. “Violet is going home. Breck is going into his room. And Miss Newton is driving back home, right now. Scat, kids! Play time is over. It’s time for bed,” she continues to hog and hug onto Breck.
Breck continues to hug his grandmother with a smile in silence.
Iredell purposefully prevents Breck from moving away from her body and as she carefully watches Lacey shuffle backward from Breck and stumbles toward her truck.
Lacey continues to move backwards, waving with a hand and a smile, blowing out a set of pretend invisible kisses to Breck.
Breck continues to hug his tall and fleshy grandmother, yelling out loud. “Bye, Lacey!”
Lacey continues to move backwards and then slams into the front grill with a loud gasp, slowly scooting around the front bumper with a fake smile, disappearing on the driver’s side. She enters the truck and drives out of sight, going back to her personal home.


2nd floor level
Pig Pen setting
09:09 pm


“The answer is sixteen.” Cinco stands in the middle of the teen-man cave which is nicknamed Pig Pen. Both arms are raised up toward the ceiling in victory.
Flamingo sits in his assigned chaise lounge chair and shakes his backwards baseball cap with a sour frown. “You are wrong, again, Cinco.”
Breck appears and stands inside the open archway, after assisting his grandmother into her car and talking with his mom. He chuckles at Cinco’s lousy study habits, even with Flamingo’s help while praying for a heavenly miracle. He yells out loud and dashes ahead with a laugh. “Redneck pow-pow on Cinco!”
“Naw!” Cinco spins around with a scream of panic, tossing both arms in the air.
Breck collides into Cinco and bats away both of Cinco’s arms, reaching out, locking both of his arms and hands around the upright body on Cinco.
Flamingo swiftly launches from the chair and then smoothly glides over the soft foam matting, attacking and collides into the lower legs on Cinco, shouting with a loud cheer. Cinco falls backwards and lands down on top of Breck with a laugh.
All three teens rest on top of the soft foam mat in an array of tangled arms and legs while loudly laughing.
Cinco looks up with a gasp of worry, seeing his brother Flamingo. “Don’t, Flamingo. No!” Flamingo rests on top of Cinco’s legs with an evil laugh. Cinco wears a pair of long orange tinted smiley-face pajamas that had been a gift from his girlfriend Babbie. The clock time is close to bedtime, before their mother Arie comes upstairs and says a goodnight to each one of her three redneck babies.
Flamingo slowly belly crawls forward using both his hands and arms, slithering over Cinco’s lower body while growling for shit and giggles.
“Get off, man!” Cinco yells out loud and is not able to kick or punch the snot out of Flamingo’s nostrils. Breck cuddles on top of Cinco upper body using his dirty and smelly pair of cowboy boots.
“Gag him, Breck!” Flamingo continues to crawl over the legs on Cinco for the silly brotherly assault and then stops, reaching out, grabbing the tail end on Cinco’s T-shirt. He exposes Cinco’s cute outie belly button and a nice set of eight-pack abdomen. Flamingo lifts up his skull with a nasty mouth of personal salvia drooling over Cinco’s naked stomach.
Both Breck and Cinco laugh out loud from the silly brotherly comedy act of Flamingo.
“Pfft!” Breck continues to hold Cinco by his leg and boot heels with a smile. “Do it now, Flamingo!”
 Cinco struggles side to side while laughing and then pants with exhaustion. “Don’t, Flamingo! Do not suck my naked dick, Flamingo!”
“I’ll leave that naked nasty object for Babbie’s pleasure.” Flamingo stops and leans over, mouth drooling onto Cinco’s naked stomach from a pair of parted lips while laughing at the baby triplet.
“Cinco get a redneck pow-pow for being so bad at the subject of biology.” Breck chuckles out loud.
“No! No! No! Get off of me, now, asshole!” Cinco pants and then laughs out loud from the brotherly treatment.
Flamingo tests his lips by motor boating them in the air waves making a speed boat sound as the sound echoes off each wall inside Pig Pen.
Breck giggles and then grunts while continuing to hold onto his brother Cinco.
Flamingo slowly reaches down and plants his pair of buzzing lips on the Cinco’s belly button, motor-boating his set of lips for fun against the naked skin on Cinco. Flamingo makes a set of human body farts sounds also just like their mom had done to each one of them as a little tike at their home in the US State of Florida.
“No!” Cinco laughs. “No!” He laughs again. “No!”
Flamingo lifts up his face with a laugh, spitting out an array of personal mouth salvia balls into the air waves from laughing so hard at the motor boating procedure during the redneck pow-wow punishment. Then, he slowly reaches down and motor buzzes his pair of lips for a second time onto the naked stomach on Cinco with more farting sounds for fun. He lifts up a face with a laugh and mouth spits salvia balls onto Cinco’s naked chest with amusement.
The three brothers continue to rest on top of the puke green colored foam matting, chuckling with the fun torture.
Flamingo pants with exhaustion and then sits upright on top of the floor, staring at Cinco with a laugh.
Breck releases the upper body on Cinco and then sits upright on his ass on top of the matting also, staring at Flamingo.
Cinco sits uprights on his ass and crosses both his legs, leaning against Breck, laughing out loud.
The three brothers smile at each other.
Flamingo nods. “Do you remember this one? Our mama couldn’t figure out which triplet did the damage to the home furnishings and then she chased us all around the house, until she caught one of us. Then, she would motor boat her buzzing pink tinted lipstick on your belly button for fun, not really for punishment,” he laughs with his two brothers.
“Yeah! Cinco always admitted that he broke every piece of gadget inside the house just to get Mama to motor boat his naked tummy. Didn’t you, little boy?” Breck reaches over and tickles the naked chest on Cinco.
Cinco giggles from the rough touch and then slaps away Breck’s shifting hands.
Flamingo frowns with annoyance. “That’s because Cinco did break every gawd damn piece of non-moving gadget inside our house, just to get Mama to motor boat her lips upon his soft tanned tummy,” he slams a fist into Cinco’s chest.
Cinco coughs and then gags from the vicious impact, pulling away from Breck, sneering at Flamingo.
Breck swiftly reaches out and holds the chest on Cinco while laughing out loud. “Did he now?”
Cinco struggles inside both arms on Breck, shuffling away from Breck, falling sideways with a loud growl.
Breck falls backward into the mounted punching bag from the ceiling and then bounces into an upright sitting position while wiping off the tears of funny laughter.
Flamingo sits upright on his ass and laughs with a nod. “Yeah! He did. Because, you’re too busy as first born Nature Boy, Brick Brain. Then, Mama can up with the brilliant idea of identifying us by alternating our individual locks of platinum blonde hair styles,” he leans forward with a smile and touches a few curls on Cinco’s hair strands with each finger. “That’s why Cinco looks like a fucking hippie with a head of shaggy long blonde colored curls bouncing around his collar bone. Time to shave that mop off, man!” He crawls each one of his fingers onto the smooth cheekbone on Cinco.
Cinco leans forward with a laugh and then slaps down onto Flamingo’s nasty backwards baseball cap. That backwards baseball cap does not come off, unless Flamingo is sound asleep in bed or bathing inside the shower or fucking with a girl.
Breck jabs a finger at Flamingo. “And what about your tacky long curls that flow underneath and over the top of each one of your dumbo ears, bro?”
Cinco mouth spits through the air from his hard laughing. “Do you remember this? Flamingo started wearing Mama’s pink tinted baseball cap, because he figured out that the cap matched the pink colored flamingo stuffed mammal. So she just let him hang like a fucking fag, where his clothes all matched his pink tinted flamingo pajamas. And I got the real glossy pictures, too, dude,” he laughs with Breck.
Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap with a sour frown. “Bullshit on you, Cinco. You got nothing on me. I have stolen all these damn pictures of me at the age of two years ago for safekeeping. No one possesses these damn photographs for my exhortation or blackmail,” grinning.
“Did you remember living in Florida?” Cinco frowns with puzzlement.
“Naw.” Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap and looks with a stern face at Breck. “Did you remember our daddy, Breck?”
“Naw.” Breck shakes his skull.
Cinco smiles. “I remember Mama’s sweet kisses, her warm arms, and her tender hugs.”
Flamingo nods. “I remember her wet tears, sometimes, when she would read us a bedtime story that reminded her of our loss of a father.”
“Yeah, me, too.” Cinco exhales with a sad face.
Flamingo frowns. “We were only two years old, Cinco. There is not a lot of memory in a little toddler at the age of two years old.”
Breck nods with a smile. “I remember this. Daddy’s skin smelled like forest woodland.”
“I remembered a piece of spicy tree bark.” Cinco spins around and then leans down into the neck on Breck, loudly sniffing, pulling back with a puzzled brow. “And Daddy kinda smells like you, Breck,” he scoots over and sits inside a huddle with his two other brothers.
Breck smiles, “Mama told me the name of our dad’s aftershave…”
Cinco whines. “Why didn’t you tell us?”
Breck chuckles, “If you’re too dumb of a hick to inquire, then you’re too dumb of a bro to have. I smell like our daddy. Mama tells me all the time while wearing a great big smile on her pretty face.”
“I wonder what Daddy’s personality was really like.” Flamingo looks up with a smile to see the ceiling which leads straight up into heaven, where his dad resides with Almighty God, Brother Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and all the heavenly angels. He returns back and stares down at both of his hands, hiding his tender feelings, living without a father figure for many years.
Breck smiles, “Our daddy looked just like us. You can see her mind reflecting back the image with her eyeballs, when she looks at each one of us, wearing her bright smile and her pair of dancing pupils. We remind her of our daddy.”
Flamingo looks up with a stern face to see each brother. “One of us is more like our real daddy.” 
Cinco leans over and presses a finger into the smooth cheekbone on Breck. “It’s Breck. Mama always talks about how our daddy swept her off her boot toes. They met as a pair of teenagers in high school establishing our daddy as a lady stud like teen-whore man, Breck,” he laughs with Breck.
Flamingo slaps his vile-worded T-shirt with a stern face, “Naw! Our dad was smart like me. You saw his senior picture inside the ancient Lacy Springs High yearbook as the school’s only valedictorian, like me, mine, and I.”
Breck flings both arms into the air with a smile at each brother, “Yeah! Our daddy liked to ride his stallion. Our daddy liked to play sports. Our daddy was smart and handsome like his three sons. We are our daddy, just split into three different ways. We each got the best of our daddy, so we can take care of our mama and make her the happiest girl in the world.”
“She would be much happier with a permanent mate,” Cinco smiles.
Flamingo reaches over with a snarl and then shoves Cinco away from the huddle with his brute force. “Shut your fucking ass mouth, boy!” 
Cinco falls backward onto the floor and then uprights his torso with a smile. “Our mama is lonely here inside this big house, Flamingo. We’re planning to leave for B’ham next year, where we will be out of the house and out of her eye sight…”
“…only for a few years, Cinco. Then, we all come back home here, where we’ll live out our remaining days until death, while taking care of our mom. The fucking end!” Flamingo smiles.
Cinco shakes his curls. “Naw. You are enrolling in medical school at Bam U. Breck will enroll into law school at Burn U. That’s more than a few years from next year. That’s almost an entire decade without each one of us seeing our mama on a daily basis. She’ll be very lonely…”
“She’ll be fine,” Flamingo exhales with worry. “Don’t you dare mention a ma…?”
“He can’t say the word, mate or male or man, Flamingo,” Cinco jabs a finger at Flamingo with a laugh.
“Fuck you, Cinco!” Flamingo reaches out for Cinco with a hand of wiggling fingernails.
Breck reaches out and then slaps back the wiggling fingers on Flamingo. Flamingo sails backwards on top of the soft mat foam flooring. Breck smiles. “What’s your earliest memory as a child, Flamingo?”
Flamingo falls backward and lands on each elbows, smiling at each brother. “I remember this. I whacked that plastic bat against Breck’s forehead.”
Breck laughs with a nod. “Gawd! I remember that too. We were three years old.”
Cinco frowns. “I don’t remember that. Did Flamingo make you bleed good, Breck?”
Breck nods in silence and touches his forehead.
Flamingo reaches out and touches Cinco’s cheekbone for shitty fun. “And I remember this. Cinco peed inside his bed.”
Cinco snarls. “It was an accident with the beverage. That wasn’t my yellow tinted piss, Flamingo. Geez! How many times do I have to clarify that toddler incident to the both of ya’ll?”
“1,234,790 times,” Flamingo laughs.
“What, smart ass?” Cinco frowns.
Breck chuckles, “You have asked Flamingo that dang question a total number of 1,234,790 times.”
“Naw!” Cinco shakes his blonde tinted curls with a sour frown.
Flamingo laughs. “Yeah, I counted them up.”
“Duck shit!” Cinco frowns.
Each brother reaches out and then shoves on each chest and as each brother shuffles backward and then forward on top of the soft flooring. Then they halt the silly brotherly movements.
Cinco stares at Flamingo’s smirk.
Breck stares at the far wall with a goofy grin.
Flamingo stares at Breck with a worried brow. “What’s wrong with you, Breck? You appear to be perplexed. Do you have some stomach gas or something non-contagious from Cinco’s sissy shove?”
“I shove vile and vicious,” Cinco leans over and then shoves Flamingo down into the flooring.
Breck continues to stare at the far wall and wears a goofy grin. “Violet smells like a patch of sweet honeysuckles.”
Cinco turns and mouth spit into the face on Flamingo. “I told you so, Flamingo.”
Flamingo drops open his mouth and then closes it, turning with a puzzled brow to see Breck. “I thought Violet want out with our boy Yancy, last spring.”
Cinco grins. “Violet did go on a date with Yancy last spring which lasted almost fifteen minutes and thirty seconds, after Mr. Meeks and Mr. Meeks’ shotgun showed up inside Yancy’s truck cab,” he laughs with Flamingo.
“Violet is a virgin girl,” Breck continues to stare at the far wall, whispering with a goofy smile.
Cinco sit upright on his ass and winks at Flamingo.
Flamingo turns to see Breck and grunts out loud with laughter, “Redneck pow-pow on Breck.” He jumps forward and then lands on top of Breck while pinning his brother down onto the soft foam matting.
Cinco leaps forward and then lands down on top of Breck’s chest without suffocating his brother.
Breck grunts out loud with a whisper from the brotherly weight. “No!”



Wednesday September 3rd


Hot temperatures with dull sunlight and low clouds
Lacy Springs High School location
Student parking lot setting
07:47 am


Each student with a car slowly drives through the parking lot, looking for an empty space. Each student exits from a school bus, slowly moving ahead toward the entrance doors for the start of a new school day.
The triplets arrive and then exit out from each vehicle.
The student parking lot is a very wide and long paved surface, where each car can occupy a single space with numerous empty spots in-between.
Flamingo slams the door shut on his sports car and then moves ahead with a smile, pressing the car ring and locks the car. He stops and stands a few feet from the lowered tail gate on Breck’s pickup truck.
Breck is swiftly moving ahead toward Lacey, who has parked on a different row and now stands behind the tailgate on her silver tinted pickup truck. He stops and leans down, talking with a set of secret words into the face of his girlfriend.
At the tailgate, Flamingo drops down his ratty backpack onto the hard pavement as it hugs his naked ankle bones. He stares with a stern face down at a single sheet of paper that contains a listing of biology questions.
Cinco has a biology pop quiz test this morning. He sits on top of the lowered tailgate, wiggling back and forth, wrapping both legs around his girlfriend Babbie. They cuddle inside Cinco’s jacket while kissing each other’s face.
Flamingo continues to stand in place in front of the tailgate and clears a throat, reading out loud the first question to Cinco. “The 23rd pair of chromosomes is different in both fighting pair of male Breck and female Lacey.” His eyeballs dart and then stare at the fighting love birdies.
Breck and Lacey continued to stand behind her tailgate, flinging both arms in the air, arguing about something important topic. Breck leans down and tries to kiss her face. Lacey back steps from Breck and then waves both arms in the air again.
At the tailgate, Flamingo returns back to see the paper. “Because the 23rd pair of chromosomes is called the…”
“Sex.” Cinco smiles at Babbie as she nods in silence. He leans over and kisses her lips, pulling back with a smile.
Flamingo chuckles with a nod. “That’s my boy. Next question, what are the two symbols for the sex chromosomes? Since they determine an individual’s sex.”
Cinco chuckles at her female touch.
Babbie reaches down and then slowly draws an invisible letter X over Cinco’s clean white tinted T-shirt, forming the symbol on top of his hidden heart, which is the answer to Flamingo’s posed question.
Cinco leans down and kisses his lips first, pulling back with a smile into her face. “The letter of X.”
Flamingo smiles, “And?”
Babbie reaches down and draws an invisible letter of Y over Cinco’s shirt, leaning down, kissing his lips, pulling back with a smile.
Cinco chuckles at her second female touch, “The letter of Y.”
Flamingo nods. “The sex chromosome determines the sex of a human being which is marked with the two symbols for your girl Babbie as what? Fill in the blank, man!”
Babbie reaches down and draws an invisible pair of two letters XX on Cinco’s shirt, leaning over, kissing his lips and pulls back with a wink.
Cinco chuckles at her next female touch with a smile, “The two letters of XX.”
Flamingo smiles, “The symbols for you are…”
Babbie reaches down and then slowly draws a set of invisible letters with YY on his shirt, leaning down, kissing his lips and then pulls back with a smile.
Cinco chuckles from her female touch, “The two letters of YY.”
Flamingo shakes his skull side to side with amusement and stares down at the paper. “That’s good, Cinco. If a species has a chromosome number of 2n = 16, how many homologous pairs would that be?”
Cinco cuts his eyeballs up toward the skyline and frowns at the scattered clouds with a loud grunt. “Ugh!” He looks down to see Flamingo.
Flamingo shakes his skull without revealing the answer. “Kiss him, Babbie. Slobber on him the number of times for the homologous pairs.”
Babbie leans over and kisses on Cinco’s forehead, moving down to kiss his soft lips and then across to kiss his earlobe and back over to kiss his cheekbone. Then she leans over and kisses his nose bridge, moving over, kissing his other cheekbone, then his other earlobe, moving down to kiss his jaw line of whiskers. Finally, her lips arrive and kiss his lips, pulling back with a silent smile.
Cinco chuckles at each one of her girly kisses, smiling at Babbie. “The number is eight.”
Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap with amusement and then turns with a smile while spying on a fighting pair of Lacey and Breck. He smiles, “Right, man.”
Cinco stares at Babbie with a smile. “I like this quizzing practice.”
Flamingo jerks back a smile to see Cinco. “I bet you do. I wish that I were stupid too,” chuckling.
Cinco turns and sneers at Flamingo. “What did you say to me, smart ass?”
Flamingo looks down with a chuckle and reads out loud the next test question. “In a pair of barbaric mammals, much like Breck and Lacey today, the fertilization in one of Lacey’s eggs results in a what?”
Cinco frowns, “Uh! Gimme a hint, Flamingo.”
Flamingo shakes his skull in frustration. “I say it to you all the time, man. We’re triplets coming from the same…”
“…zygote…” Cinco smiles. Babbie claps her hands. He grins. “You’re really brilliant, Flamingo. You’ve been calling us, brothers a zygote, since the fourth grade.”
Flamingo grins, “True shit! I am a brilliant teen. Next question, the functions of meiosis in plants does not include the following conditions: the production of spores or the reduction of chromosome or the production of identical daughter cells.”
Cinco exhales with a puzzled brow and stares at Flamingo. “Ugh!”
Flamingo exhales. “Allow me to re-word the question. The functions of meiosis in plants are not a set of pretty girls for a set of triplets.”
Cinco nods, “The production of identical three daughters-in-laws for our mama.”
“Close enough!” Flamingo reads the next question on the wrinkled sheet of paper. “This is the last question, Cinco. How does Breck’s fucking action, which is known as the sexual life cycle, increase…”
“What!” Breck spins around with a sneer, moves ahead and then stops, growling into the nose profile on Flamingo while wrapping an arm around Lacey’s collar bone, after hearing that nasty remark coming from the lips on Flamingo, “Smart ass.”
Flamingo looks down with a smile at the single sheet of notebook paper. “That’s me. How does Breck’s fucking action, which is known as the sexual life cycle, increase the human species?”
Cinco stares at Breck. “That’s a toughie, dude. So, here goes nothing. It allows more children, which are determined by the sex chromosomes and a steady fucking action, which is Breck’s normal pattern that is called random fertilization, which he does very well and crosses off each virgin.”
Breck shakes a skull with a sour frown at Cinco.
Flamingo laughs. “That’s close enough, Cinco,” he stuffs the wrinkled paper back down into the biology textbook, dumping the textbook back down into Cinco’s ratty black tinted backpack.
Breck exhales with a fury and stares at Cinco. “That’s not right, Cinco.” He looks at Flamingo with the same sour frown. “That’s not right, Flamingo.”
Flamingo zips up the backpack with a smile and holds out the item in the air for Cinco, chuckling with amusement.
Cinco slides down off the tailgate and then spins around, closing up the truck bed. He swings back around and cuddles with Babbie, moving ahead, snatching his backpack from Flamingo. They cuddle and advance toward the school building.
Flamingo turns and grins with a wink at Breck. “It’s as right as a redneck gets, Breck.”
The first school bell rings as each teen quickly dashes toward the school building.


First period hour
AP Chemistry class setting
08:08 am


Flamingo moves ahead in a pair of nasty flip flops toward the AP classroom for the first period academic course entering through the open archway, padding toward his assigned writing table and free standing desk chair. He stops and spreads out his chemistry textbook and working notebook. He doesn’t slide down into the free standing writing chair but continues to stand, crossing both of his biceps over his vile-worded T-shirt, watching the open doorway.
Blanche slowly enters through the open door threshold, padding the heavy backpack toward her first chair and matching writing table.
Flamingo acts like a real southern gentleman and quickly moves ahead, grabbing the heavy backpack from Blanche, setting up her books for the class schedule.
Blanche slides down and sits inside her first chair, where both of her hands protect her chemistry textbook. She turns and stares at the nose profile on Flamingo.
He returns back to his first chair desk on the last row and then stands upright on top of the floor while studiously staring at the open doorway.
She flips a face to see the same open archway, where each AP student bounces into the classroom, sliding down into an assigned seat. Then she slides off the chair with a gasp and stands inside the aisle with worry.
He quickly leans over his chair as he is taller than Blanche, catching her arm with a stern face. “Where are you going, sweetheart?”
She turns and gasps into his face. “Lacey is coming back into our classroom today. I don’t want any incident, Flamingo. Principal Marshall made it clear last week that all AP students have a stricter student code than the rest of the regular kids. I don’t want any trouble with…”
“Lacey,” he exhales with annoyance. “She is required to spend the entire day with her private academic tutor. That’s why she isn’t going to be here inside the classroom this week.”
Inside the archway, Lacey stands inside and leans over, kissing the lips on Breck, pulling back with a smile. She swings around with a giggle and enters the classroom, slowly strolling ahead toward the next to last row with her first chair writing table.
At the archway of the AP classroom, Breck swiftly back steps with a smile and then swings around, dashing ahead down the empty hallway for his first period classroom also before the finally school bell.
Inside the AP classroom, Lacey continues to move ahead toward her acquired writing table, snarling a pair of pink-painted lips at the ugly little tenth grade, who needs a visual, as well as, a vocal social lesson in southern belle manners.
Flamingo charges ahead from his writing table and stops standing in front of Lacey, blocking her view of Blanche. He crosses his biceps with a smile in silence.
She halts with a gasp.
He frowns. “You are to spend the rest of the week with your private academic tutor, who is Retta Jean. You and she will work together and complete all of your overdue homework assignments by Friday morning.”
She turns with a sour frown to see Retta Jean.
Retta Jean slides off her first position chair at the first row and then moves ahead toward the open doorway, spinning around, standing inside the archway with a smile in silence. She thumbs back over a collar bone and points to the opposite side in the hallway toward a small conference room, where she and Lacey will finish the tutoring session during each course.
Lacey swings back with a smile to see Flamingo. “You can be my private academic tutor for the day, honey pie. Retta Jean and I don’t really get along, since she’s an ugly…”
“My mama taught me not to say a set of unkind words about a person.”
She moves closer into his inflamed nostrils and his vile-worded T-shirt. “I don’t say unkind words about you, sweet pea, since you’re going to be my new private academic tutor for the rest of the week. You and me…”
He frowns. “Naw. My granddaddy set up that Toot, Toot Tutoring arrangement with Principal Marshall. I didn’t disobey any of my elders, especially my grandfather, Lacey.”
“Lacey!” Retta Jean yells out loud and stands inside the archway with a fake smile. She is getting paid whether Lacey passes or fails with the money coming from Arie Balegreen.
“Ugh!” Lacey slams her new purple tinted backpack against her leg in attention and frustration, saying with a sour frown to Flamingo. “Rules can be broken in some extreme situations…”
“Lacey!” Retta Jean continues to stand inside the archway and shouts out loud for attention, thumbing back over a collar bone at the smaller conference, so they can finish all the chemistry and calculus homework assignments
He stands in place and shakes his backwards cap at Lacey, “Naw. I don’t break my grandfather’s rules. Period!”
Lacey turns with a sour frown to see Retta Jean. “Please!”
“Period!” He repeats the simple word for the simple girl to understand, since Flamingo does not disobey any of the rules coming from his mom and his two set of grandparents.
Lacey leans over and then sweet breathes in mint flavor into his face with a lady sneer. “You will pay with your own precious blood for this inconvenient to me, Flamingo.”
Flamingo back steps from her bad breath and then smiles. “Yeah, a set of charming words coming from a non-charming southern belle…”
“I promise.”
He leans down into her cheekbone while ensuring that Blanche doesn’t overhear, saying with a whispered sneer. “My mama taught me never to hit a girl, but she didn’t say anything about hitting a bitch.”
Lacey back steps with a hiss at Flamingo.
He chuckles with a wink at Lacey.
“Lacey!” Retta Jean shouts out loud and then spins around with a stern face, exiting the AP classroom, moving across the hallway to the smaller conference room.
Lacey spins around to face the open archway. The chemistry AP teacher enters the classroom. Lacey exhales with annoyance and swiftly dashes out the AP classroom, moving across the empty hallway into the smaller conference room with Retta Jean.
He watches her prissy ass and whispers for his eardrums only. “I’m right. She’s wrong.”
The final school bell rings loudly to begin the first period.
Flamingo spins around and winks at Blanche, sliding back down into his assigned writing desk, working on his AP homework with happy justification.



Lacy Springs Church property
Teen Music Room setting
07:50 pm


The door opens.
The assistant music director rushes into the teen music room before the teen choir departs from the nightly practice session. The assistant music director dashes toward the teen music director and then stops, bumping a skull with a soft whisper into the face of the other director. The teen music director nods with a set of secret words.
Then the assistant music director spins away from the teens and leaves the room.
The teen music director continues to stand in front of the wooden podium and holds his tiny baton, saying out loud with a stern face for each pair of eardrums. “Attention, please! May I have your attention for a few more seconds?”
Each teen stops moving or talking and then stares at the teen music director.
He says. “I have been given a very sad announcement here,” he clears a throat. “Mrs. Mary Smith has passed into heaven last night at 8:27 pm. Her loving family members has requested that the Teen Music Choir sing Mrs. Smith’s most favorite and cherish song, The Church in the Wildwood, which had been written by Dr. Williams Pitts in the year 1857. And the song is one of my favorite tunes as well. The song will be sung during our Dedication portion here on Sunday morning service. We should close our choir practice with the words of peace, love, and bundle multiple inside your heart and your soul. Amen! The Teen Choir is dismissed until Sunday morning. Please be present and fully robed at seven-thirty sharp. Good evening, kids!”
Each teen slowly moves down one of the six wooden platforms and then exits the music room, meeting their parents and then returning back home for the night.
The teen music director swiftly moves ahead and then intersects Brett on the first tier, who cuddles with his girl Fannie. The director stops and then inquires with a smile. “I’m looking for a pair of bass voices to supply the musical chorus. Oh, come, come, come, come to the church in the wildwood,” he stops singing and then smiles. “And I am looking for a couple of sopranos, who can sing joyously the angel chorus. Brett and Fannie, can you please volunteer for this special event on Sunday morning?”
Brett continues to cuddle with Fannie in silence. 
Fannie smiles with a nod to the director. “Of course, Brett and I would be honored to sing for Miss Mary’s dedication memorial program.”
The director nods with a smile. “Thank you so kindly, Brett and Fannie. Stay right here for a moment. I need to locate one more pair of love birdies, spiritually speaking, of course.” He turns and scans the room, looking directly at Breck, who meets Lacey on the second tier. He cuddles her and then slowly moves down toward the floor. The director shouts out loud. “Breck!”
Breck and Lacey both slowly settle down on top of the floor and stand beside Brett and Fannie in silence.
The director moves ahead and then stops, standing in front of Breck with a smile, “Breck, you are an excellent bass, as well as, a quick music study also. Do you mine volunteering to sing in the quartet along with Brett and Fannie on Sunday morning during the Dedication Service for Mrs. Smith?”
Breck smiles, “No sir. I…”
“I will too.” Lacey bounces up and down on her toes and swings her large pink tinted bag over in front of her naked kneecaps.
The director scans the room without seeing Lacey. “I need a soprano.”
“I sing all of my sings in the soprano key.” Lacey continues to smile and swings her pink tote against her kneecaps.
He continues to scan the music room. “You sing in the alto musical key, Lacey. I need a sweet soprano.”
“I can sing in a sweet soprano key also,” she smiles.
The director continues to scan the room with a stern face. “You sing as a second soprano with your lovely voice, Lacey. I need a first soprano which holds the voice of Violet.”
Violet spins around with a puzzled brow and sees the director, advancing ahead with a smile and stands beside the director and in front of Brett, Fannie, Lacey, and Breck.
The director turns and smiles at Violet. “Do you mind singing in the impromptu quartet on Sunday morning? The heavenly angels just adore your sweet vocals.”
Violet smiles with a nod in silence. “I don’t mind, sir.”
The director claps with a smile. “This is excellent. Thank you so much for the use of each one of your talented voices and your limited time on such short notice. Now, Breck, Violet, Brett, and Fannie wait right here. I need to track down my music instructor fetching a copy of the musical song for you to practice at your home,” the director spins around with a smile and races from the music room.
In front of the stacked music platforms, Lacey leans over and then shoves Breck from the line of musicians, moving them ahead toward the grand piano in front of the music room. She stops and stands beside Breck with a sneer into his jaw line as he is taller than her, “Decline.”
He glides down and sits on top of the piano bench, studying the music sheet on the piano stands with a smile, placing both hands over the piano keyboard without playing. “This is honor to be selected in a church quartet for Miss Mary. She was my Sunday school teacher when I was seven years old bringing us a sack of fresh roasted peanuts to snack on during her Bible lessons. It was fun. I learned a lot from her.”
She refuses to sit next to Breck instead placing her large pink tinted tote bag on top of the piano bench beside him, crossing both arms with a sneer. “Decline it for me.”
Breck studies the music sheet on the piano stand with a chuckle, “No, dear.”
She stomps her boot with fury. “I don’t like her.”
Breck looks up to see Lacey with a puzzled brow. “You don’t like Miss Mary. She was a very sweet lady. I didn’t realize that you knew her.”
She shakes her curls with a sour frown. “I don’t like her, who is called Violet. You spend too much time with her like yesterday afternoon and this afternoon also.”
He turns with a chuckle and studies the music sheet on the piano stand again. “Don’t worry, babe! I like you more.” She sneers. He softly laughs. “It’s a joke, a silly joke, girl. Light up! Or enlighten up! Since we’re standing on holy ground,” he smiles and drops all ten finger pads down onto the piano keyboard starting to play a few notes from the musical song Amazing Grace.
She stares down with a gasp at his finger pads. “Do you know how to play a piano? How do you know to play a piano?”
He softly pounds on the piano keys while pumping the piano paddle for the familiar church song without any singing words. “I told you before at the river bank during the Mudder Race. We are triplets, who can bang with all types of instruments for fun. Do you play the piano also?”
“No.” She frowns with quick understanding that she cannot get Breck to change his mind about singing in the quartet with his high school friend Violet.
He continues to play the keys with a smile. “Do you wanna learn to play the piano? I’m a great teacher.”
“No.” She huffs with annoyance.
He lifts up a hand and then slams it onto the piano bench with a smile. “Sit here with me on the bench. I’ll teach you to play the simple musical song: Chop Sticks. All kids learn that set of easy musical chord first.”
She continues to stand with a sour frown and touches her tote bag at the handles while staring down at the black and white piano keys in silence.
He shuffles both of hands around and then places a single finger in the middle of the keyboard with a smile. “This position over the keys is the middle C chord with the set of three black and two white keys. Now, if you were sitting here with me. You place your thumb over the middle C key and then extend your index finger over to the musical note of F chord with your right hand. Then you extend your left index finger to the musical note of G chord and bang the set of selected keys six times.” He bangs on the piano keys.
At the open archway into the music room, the teen music director rushes inside and stops, handing Brett, Fannie, and Violet an individual sheet of music for the upcoming quartet session on Sunday morning.
They turn and exit the music room.
The director spins around with a smile and moves ahead, stopping and stands behind Breck, reaching out and touches the collar bone on Breck.
Breck stops playing the song and then spins around with a smile to see the Director in silence.
The Director hands the sheet of paper with a grin to Breck. “This is the song The Church in the Wildwood. So, go home and practice it tonight, Breck. We will practice at eight o’clock tomorrow morning here inside the Music Room, since I have already spoken and also received approval from Principal Marshall for the quartet members to skip the first period class. Miss Mary will be sorely missed, since she was so very well loved and active here at our church.” 
Breck nods with a smile in silence.
The Director reaches out with a hand and a smile as Breck stands upright from the piano bench and shakes the hand with a smile. The Director nods. “And thank you, again, Breck, for participating in this precious dedication. Have a safe trip home both of ya’ll.” He spins around with a stern face and then exits the music room, moving through the hallway towards his private office at the church.
Inside the music room, Breck continues to hold the sheet of paper in the other hand and then extends a free arm for his girl Lacey.
She reaches down and grabs her tote bag, shifting onto her collar bone, grabbing his extended arm with a smile.
They slowly stroll ahead and exit the music room as the last two people. They turn into the empty hallway, slowly moving down the corridor.
Inside the church hallway, she looks up with a sad frown to see his jaw line. “I want get to see your handsome face before the beginning of the school day tomorrow morning, Breck. Then I want get to see you until lunchtime, if you come back to school. So, I can come over in the afternoon after the last school session to your house and study with you until suppertime like we both did on Tuesday night.
He turns and frowns down at her face. “What about your three research papers? Don’t you remember? All of homework assignments are due on Friday morning at eight o’clock to the AP teacher.”
From the rear, Brett and Fannie rush by Breck and Lacey. Brett waves an arm and shouts out loud with a laugh, “Night, Breck and Lacey!”
“Night, ya’ll.” Breck turns with a smile and shouts out loud at the back spine on Brett and Fannie.
Brett and Fannie continue to dash ahead and as each one slams open the outer doors that lead into the church parking lot and finally his pickup truck, driving his girl Fannie back home.
Breck releases Lacey and then rushes again, reaching out, catching the lip on the exit door. He opens the door for Lacey. She exits first into the moonlight with a smile.
The time is 8:31 pm.
The parking lot is filled with emptiness except for a few vehicles. Some of the church members exit the building through a second exit point.
At 08:33 pm in the heated night with bright stars and moonlight, on top of the parking lot pavement, Lacey steps into the warm darkness and then stops.
Breck rushes ahead and then collides into Lacey with a chuckle, wrapping an arm around her collar bone. They slowly stroll toward Breck’s parked pickup truck which stands three slots down from Lacey’s sliver tinted pickup truck.
She turns and smiles at his cheekbone. “I remember all of my homework assignments. But I need some help with the other parts of the research.”
He stares ahead through the darkness and purses his lips with a stern face, strolling toward his pickup truck. “Retta Jean has provided all the research information that you need to write your three research papers. And 1,000 words is an easy assignment that a fourth…”
“So, you can help me. You told me that you’re a great teacher.”
He exhales with frustration. “Yeah, I’m a great teacher. I’m a great piano teacher.” Breck halts with Lacey and stands in a small huddle with his two other brothers, looking down with a confused brow to see her blonde colored hair roots.
Flamingo and Cinco stand on top of the sidewalk in the parking lot underneath a row of bright flood lights while waiting for their mother Arie. A southern gentleman never enters into the vehicle without assisting a southern belle. And her three sons are always watching out for any danger or trouble that might happen to follow the back spine on their mother Arie also.
And then the three sons are prepared to kill it, swiftly and deadly.
The Alabama state law allows any person to tote around a hand gun. There is an array of big and small hidden individual weapons inside Breck’s pickup truck for such big or little trouble. And each son also totes around a hidden small hand gun on their person, in case of minor or major trouble too.
In the parking lot inside the huddle Lacey turns and smiles at Flamingo.
Breck frowns down on top of her blonde tinted hair roots. “That’s not exactly what I meant, Lacey. You’re supposed to do all of the thinking and the writing on your own time and using your own brain cells. That’s cheating the system, if I do your actual work.”
Flamingo leans over and sneers into her cheekbone. “Why are you here at the church and not at your house, Lacey?”
She turns and sneers back into his face with a deep alto. “Why are you during here at the church and not at your house, Flamingo?”
Flamingo smiles into her cheekbone, “I am watching and waiting on my mama, girl. What’s your excuse here? Since, you have three research papers due on Friday morning and should…”
“Hush it, Flamingo.” Breck turns and frowns at his brother.
She sneers with a whisper at Flamingo. “You’re a stupid cunt, Flamingo.” She stands upright with a giggle and then turns with a smile to see Breck. “Do you always ride with your mama, Breck?”
Breck slaps his chest with a nod and a smile. “I drive our mama and us to the church every Wednesday night and on every Sunday morning like a good redneck baby.”
Her eyeballs dart across the dark parking lot and focuses on the entrance doors on the church building. “O! That’s so nice. Where is your mama?”
Breck smiles. “Mama is still inside the church building wrapping up her church work for the week like a good little angel.” He chuckles with Cinco, who also busies texting Babbie on his mobile telephone.
Flamingo carefully studies the evil smirk on her face.
She turns and smiles at Breck. “O! That’s so nice. So, do you have the weekend freed up with the new plan?”
“Naw,” Flamingo continues to stare at the evil smirk on her face.
Cinco continues to type or read each text message from his girl Babbie. “We don’t have any plans for the weekend. We did our Annual Mudder Race last Saturday. But I got a set of old plans with my girl Babbie,” smiling.
“Naw.” Flamingo continues to stare at the evil smirk on her face.
She smiles. “O! That’s so nice. Have you scheduled the new plan for the weekend also?”
“What are talking about, dear?” Breck continues to stare down at her blonde tinted hair roots.
Cinco stops texting on his mobile telephone and then looks up with a stern face to see Lacey through the bright lights, feeling brotherly concern.
“Naw.” Flamingo continues to stare at the evil smirk on her face.
She wiggles side to side with a smile and holds her pink tinted tote bag, staring at Flamingo. “O! That’s not nice. Do you not know about the new plan for this weekend?”
“What are you trying to say, darling?” Breck continues to stare down at her blonde tinted hair roots.
She smiles and wiggles side to side with happiness, staring at Flamingo. “O! That’s not so nice. So, the new plan is a secret.” 
Flamingo leans over with a whisper and a sneer into her face. “I don’t wanna hear your damn secret, Lacey.”
She winks at Flamingo. “O! That’s not so nice. The new secret is about your mama.”
Flamingo grunts with shock.
Cinco hisses with worry.
Breck continues to frown down at her blonde hair roots.
Cinco sneers at Lacey. “What are you mouth spitting about, Lacey? What about our mama?” He crams his mobile telephone back down into his front pocket of black tinted jeans, since he is planning to bruise a body part on Lacey, if she doesn’t quit playing her silly reindeer games.
“What about our mama, Lacey?” Breck continues to stare down with worry at her blonde tinted hair roots.
She continues to shuffle side to side with a smile. “O! That’s not so nice. So, I hold a something while you hold a nothing.”
Cinco stomps ahead toward Lacey for a girly beating as Flamingo lifts an arm and blocks Cinco with a stern face in silence. Cinco growls at the silly cowgirl. “What is a something here, Lacey? What in the hell does that mean, girl?”
Flamingo smiles, “Lacey wants to negotiate with us, isn’t that correct, doll?”
She stops the wiggle and smiles. “O! That’s so nice. I do want something in exchange for my valuable secret.” She lifts the pink tote into her face and then pulls out three white binders from the darkness which are marked with a different set of words in black permanent marker: World History, English Literature, and Sociology. She drops the tote bag onto sidewalk and then cuddles the three binders with a giggle. “I possess three research papers for three smart brothers. Now, if you do my three research papers before Friday morning at eight o’clock, then I will release my deep dark secret to each one of you, which is about your mama.”
“Go to hell! No way!” Cinco yells out loud and then tries to attack Lacey.
Flamingo reaches out and grabs the bicep on Cinco, blocking his brother from the deadly kill, since Flamingo wants to kill her first. He smiles at Lacey. “Wait a minute here, Cinco!” He looks at Breck, who appears shocked and stunned. Since Breck loves Lacey for some very strange reason. Flamingo returns back and nods at Lacey, “Naw. You tell us the secret first, Lacey. Then we, three will decide, if your valuable data set is worth wasting all of our time on your three overdue research papers. Isn’t that the rule, Breck and Cinco?”
“If there is a secret around our mama, then I wanna know it regardless of the delinquent homework assignments, Lacey.” Breck nods to Cinco.
Cinco continues to sneer at Lacey for the deadly kill as she has threatened his mother. Flamingo reaches out and then punches Cinco’s bicep with a smile in silence. Cinco mouth spits with a sneer. The spittle of mouth salvia lands down on top of the sidewalk and as he growls at the silly cowgirl, “Me, too! Spit it out, right now, cowgirl!”
“Do we have a verbal agreement here? Once I tell my valuable secret to you, you will do all my late homework assignments for me to turn into Principal Marshall on Friday morning at eight o’clock,” she enjoys the blackmail scheme with a giggle for her pleasure.
Cinco snarls in fury without a set of words or a fist of physical punches on the silly cowgirl.
Flamingo nods with a smile as he is very curious with her secret information, “All right! We all agree right here on top of holy ground at the church. But, this is the one and only time, cowgirl. And your deep dark secret betta be good enough to suck on for eternal,” laughing.
Breck continues to stare down with worry at her blonde tinted hair roots in silence and shock.
She giggles with a grin. “O! That’s not so nice. And my deep dark secret is really good enough to suck on, Flamingo,” she hands out an individual binder to each brother with a smile. “But first, Breck gets one folder. Flamingo gets the second folder. And Cinco gets the third folder.” Each brother accepts the binder without a fight. She smiles. “Your mama has a social date with a man on Saturday night.”
“She’s lies.” Cinco tosses both arms into the air but holds onto the binder with a sneer, leaning forward and then tries to attack Lacey.
Flamingo swiftly scoots sideways and then blocks Cinco again from killing the silly cowgirl in silence.
Breck cuddles the binder and then drops open his mouth, “No way, Lacey!”
Flamingo scoots back in place as Cinco continues to sneer at Lacey without killing her. Flamingo smiles at Lacey, “And the man’s name is…”
“Seth.” She wiggles side to side with a giggle.
“Seth what, Lacey?” Flamingo frowns.
She tosses both of her arms into the air and then slaps both hands onto her legs with a grin and a giggle. “That’s all my secret data, honey pie. But you can ask your mama in a few seconds. She’s coming down the sidewalk towards us,” she squats down and then grabs the pink tote bag, standing upright, spinning around with a smile to see Arie.
Arie moves with a group of adults in the general direction of the huddle. Some of the adults veer to the side and leave Arie, strolling toward a personal vehicle for home.
Inside the teenly huddle of three brothers and Lacey, Cinco shouts out loud and then tries to barrel through the huddle, “Mama!”
Flamingo swiftly scoots sideways and blocks Cinco from their mother first in silence.
Lacey spins around and smiles at each brother. “O! That’s so nice. If I’m wrong here, gentlemen, then you bring back all of my three binders to me tomorrow morning in the school parking lot, Flamingo, darling. Then I’ll do my own research papers. Bye, boys!” She slowly strolls through the huddle toward her pickup truck with a loud giggle and then disappears out of view around the front bumper. She enters her truck and then exits the parking lot.
Inside the huddle on top of the sidewalk underneath the row of bright flood lights, Flamingo shuffles back in place with a worried brow at Arie in silence and cuddles the binder from Lacey.
“Mama!” Cinco stands in place and shouts out loud in worry, cuddling the binder from Lacey also.
Breck spins around with a worried brow and cuddles the binder for Lacey while staring at his mother in silence. He spins around and follows her body, staring down at her grayish-blonde hair roots in silence.
Arie stops and stands inside the brotherly huddle, staring at each son with a smile. “I’m so sorry for being tardy. But I’m done with my church assignments for the evening. Let’s go home.”
Breck reaches out and touches her arm, shaking his skull with a worried brow, hugging the binder into his chest. “You’re going on a date…”
“…without us on Saturday night…” Cinco reaches out and touches her other arm, shaking his curls with a worried brow, hugging the binder into his chest also.
“…with a man…” Flamingo reaches out and touches her collar bone, hugging the binder into his chest as she does not possess three arms. He shakes his backwards cap and wears a worried brow.
“O dear!” She gasps in alarm and stares at each son, saying with a soft timber. “Yes, I am. I am going on a social date on Saturday night…”
“…with a man…” Flamingo gasps in worry.
Arie jerks back her arms from her two sons and then slowly strolls ahead with a worried brow moving toward the pickup truck. She hopes to avoid a public scene here in the church parking lot while softly cursing her sister Aurora for the tattling the secret information to her three sons.
She exhales with frustration. “I’m a grown girl here, boys. You leave and go on a social date with a girl all the time. So, I can go on a social date also.”
Flamingo dashes ahead and blocks Arie, shaking his backwards baseball cap with a worried brow. “Seth who, Mama? What are the other names for Seth? Where did you meet him here at the church? Where does he work here in Lacy Spring? How old is he? Where did he go to school here at Lacy Springs High? Does he own a farm like you, Mama?”
Arie scoots around Flamingo with a stern face and strolls toward the pickup truck, wearing a silly grin.
Flamingo spins around with a soft curse and then swiftly dashes ahead, reaching the passenger door first on the pickup truck. Like a true southern gentleman, Flamingo stops and then opens the passenger door, reaching out, gently lifting up Arie by the waistline into the high cab on the tall truck.
Arie stands at five feet tall when she is compared to the first step on the jacked-up pickup truck which is three feet in height. She slowly climbs with ten finger nails and two boot toes into the high passenger seat.
Flamingo jumps onto the kick lift and then leans down, assisting with her passenger safety belt for love and protection, because Arie is too short to reach the single metal buckle with her set of short arms.
On top of the parking lot pavement, Breck moves ahead with a worried brow in silence and then stops, opening the door, loading into the driver’s seat but stares with concern at the nose profile on his mother.
Cinco also races ahead on top of the parking lot pavement and then stops, opening the rear driver’s side passenger door on the truck, climbing up inside.
Flamingo jumps back down and closes the door shut, scooting sideways and opens the rear passenger door, climbing inside the truck seat also.
They come to church as a family for both love and worship to Almighty God, Brother Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and all the heavenly angels.
Inside the truck cab, Breck doesn’t start the truck, because he and his two brothers would like a set of answers to their numerous questions.
Inside the passenger seat, Arie is not secretive as much as she is extremely cautious about her first real social date in fifteen years. She had rubbed a right elbow with a few of the single men sitting beside them at the table during one of the church’s Sunday afternoon’s picnic, but that didn’t really count for a social date.
She stares through the clean windshield into the darkness with a silly grin. “Start the truck, Breck. Seth Wells is the gentleman’s name. I have not met him in person yet. This will be our first encounter on Saturday night. He works in the same government office with Aurora in Huntsville. But I have talked to him three times on the telephone.”
In the rear seat, Flamingo sits behind Arie and pulls out his mobile telephone, typing all the related data on the tiny screen while probing for bad shit on his guy. So, Arie can’t go on her first social date.
Cinco performs a copy-cat maneuver like Flamingo with his mobile telephone, since the triplets know Aunt Aurora, too well.
Breck backs the truck out the parking spot, turning it toward the highway.
In the rear seat, Flamingo slams his back muscles again the seat and mumbles for all eardrums. “Queen Bitch, figures!”
In the passenger seat, Arie frowns without the sneer. “I hear that nasty comment, Middle Child.”
In the rear seat, Cinco stares with a worried brow down at his mobile telephone while looking for Seth Wells of Huntsville. “Mama, you know that we know that we don’t like Aunt Aurora.”
Arie does know. Her three sons do not like their aunt for several emotional reasons. She smirks. “I’m not going on a social date with your aunt Aurora, Cinco. I’m going on a nice evening with Seth for Saturday night at five o’clock.”
In the rear seat, Cinco continues to work the mobile telephone and shakes his curls with a frown. “How about you and your kids and Seth go on this first encounter-date thing together, Mama?”
Breck pulls out into the highway very slowly while barely gunning the gas pedal, slamming both hands on the steering column with a smile, “Great idea, Cinco.”
In the rear seat, Cinco looks up with a smile and views the rear skull on his mother in silence.
Flamingo continues to work the mobile telephone while searching for more data about Seth Wells and.
Cinco smiles. “We can rent a big long limo from Huntsville. Flamingo can drive. Breck can be shotgun. And I can bring Babbie. So, we all act as your chaperones with this Seth Wells.”
“Awesome idea, Cinco!” Breck continues to slowly drive at five-miles per hour with a smile as his mental brain cells ponder Arie’s first encounter date, since he had been two years old.
Arie stares through the windshield with a silly grin. “The answer is no, Cinco. I don’t intrude on any of your social dates. So, you can’t intrude on mine.”
“What are you going to do on your social date, Mama?” Flamingo continues to punch his mobile telephone without finding any more new data.
“We will have a nice dinner and a long talk. Maybe, we can see a movie, if it’s not too late in the evening.” Arie smiles with nervousness regarding her first real social date since the loss her husband.
In the rear seat, Cinco continues to search for more info on Seth Wells through the phone screen. “I like to see any Hollywood movie too. Don’t you see, Mama? You and your kids and Seth can go and see one of the new Hollywood movies…”
“Excellent idea, Cinco!” Breck slowly drives the truck down the empty roadway with a smile as his mind ponders how to get Arie out of this first date encounter.
She stares through the windshield into the darkness with a silly grin, “No, sweetheart.”
“What else do you know about this man, who is name Seth Wells, Mama?” Flamingo continues to probe the internet through the screen on his mobile telephone without finding much more information.
“He’s divorced with two teen girls.” Arie grins at the darkness on the roadway.
In the rear bench, Flamingo motor boats his lips with frustration and is not able to find more data on Seth Wells, jerking away from the leather seat and then leans over her collar bone with a worried brow. “What is the name of dining restaurant? Where are you meeting this Seth Wells, Mama?”
She continues to stare through the windshield into the darkness with a silly grin. “Seth is coming to the house to pick me up.”
“Naw.” Breck continues to drive and frowns, shaking his skull.
“Naw.” Cinco continues to stare with a sour frown at her rear skull.
“No, Mama.” Flamingo stares through the windshield as his eyeballs cannot see her face. “This is the twenty-first century, modern times, Mama. A modern day lady meets their date at a chosen spot for a quick-draw escape or a rescue party to intercept that dude, in case of trouble.”
She smiles at the darkness. “Well, I’m afraid that I’m an old southern belle, instead of a modern day lady, Flamingo. And I don’t expect any trouble here, children. I’m an old maid, boys. I run a cow ranch. I can handle anything.”
“Fine, Mama!” Flamingo sits back with a sour frown. “But, we meet and greet Seth Wells.”
She smiles. “I want my three boys to meet my date, after I come back home from my date without the shotgun escort,” she giggles. “Then my three boys can tell me what you think about Seth then next morning on Sunday, after church service. This discussion thread has ended. Do you comprendre here?” Her eyelashes dart to the nose profile on Breck.
Breck slowly drives the truck at five miles-per-hour and then nods with worry. “Yes ma’am.” He is the first born triplet and the protector of his mother. He slowly brakes down on the rolling tires on the truck and slowly performs a ninety-degree angle into the private driveway at the Balegreen Cow Ranch.
“Yes ma’am.” Cinco frowns and continues to search for a way to get his mother out of her first social date. He looks up and then turns with a sour frown to see Flamingo.
Flamingo turns and frowns at Cinco, saying with a loud timber, “Yes, Mama.”
Breck slowly pulls the truck and park inside the empty garage space.
They exit the truck and return back into the house completing the evening activities.



Thursday September 4th


Balegreen Cow Ranch
Home of Arie Balegreen and her three sons
09:34 pm
Pig Pen setting


His eyelids cut to the time clock in the screen on the laptop and as Breck smiles. “Zap me your papers for my final word inspection, before our bed time…”
“Fucking bitch,” Flamingo closes the electronic file on his laptop, sitting inside his assigned chaise lounge chair, zapping the electronic file into Breck’s email address. He had finally finished finishing Lacey’s research paper in the subject of Sociology.
“Is that the title of your research paper, Flamingo?” Cinco chuckles and sends his electronic file to Breck’s email address also.
Lacey had super-womanly conned the three brothers into her last-minute homework assignments, because Aunt Aurora had a big mouth plus an ugly nose, when Lacey had accidentally overheard the newest hot gossip there at the church, coming out from the big lips on Aurora inside the Girl’s Bathroom setting. Then Lacey had quickly decided to blackmail each brother for her benefit and their burden.
Inside his assigned chaise lounge chair, Breck stares and then reads out loud from his computer screen. “Scarlett: Southern Belle or Southern Bitch?” He looks up with a worried brow at Cinco. “Geez, bro. You can’t turn this paper into Principal Marshall tomorrow morning for Lacey’s English Literature research project.”
Flamingo laughs, “Excellent title, man. I should’ve used the word, bitch, in my research paper title too. That’s so fucking apropos.”
Cinco frowns. “Looky here, dude! We all got blackmailed into doing all of her shitty homework assignments. So, I worked that paper my way own with a real life fucking southern bitch skills.” Flamingo pitches the baseball toward Cinco. Cinco catches it with a protective glove.
Breck exhales with worry, “Looky here, too! I’m happy to discover that our mom is going on her first ever date with a male.”
Flamingo turns and sneers at Breck.
Breck smiles, “Since, we wouldn’t have found out, until that morning.” He returns back down to see the computer screen, reading the paper in silence.
“That moment!” Flamingo frowns with worry, catching the ball inside his worn baseball glove.
“That memory!” Cinco exhales with worry about the new family event. He is totally confused about, since he loves his mother and wants her happy but doesn’t know how to make her happy.
Breck jabs a finger at the computer screen with a puzzled brow. “I don’t understand why you picked the book Gone with the Wind. Scarlett is a spoiled, selfish, stupid, and evil manipulative bitch in the Hollywood movie, so this title doesn’t make any sense, Cinco,” He looks up with a confused brow to see Cinco. “Scarlett was a southern belle. You were supposed to write about the plot of the book along with the four major characters of Scarlett, Rhett, Melanie and…”
“Who would name their son a girly name like Ashley?” Flamingo chuckles and pitches the baseball back to Cinco.
Cinco catches the ball with a laugh. “You didn’t read the book, Brick Brain.” He turns and winks to Flamingo. “Brick Brain didn’t read the book, Flamingo. But you read the book, did you?”
Flamingo nods in silence.
Breck continues to read the rest of the paper for a mistake that will keep Lacey from making a good grade. “So?”
Cinco shakes his curls and tosses the baseball inside the glove. “Breck, the book is almost 1,000 pages long. It would take you a week or more to read the entire novel. And this is a research paper, where you debate a hot topic and then prove your title with a set of valid arguments. Ain’t that right, Flamingo?” He looks at Flamingo.
Flamingo nods with a smile, “Right, man! I think Cinco should be the family lawyer, instead of Brick Brain over there.”
Cinco throws the ball to Flamingo.
Breck doesn’t look up from the laptop but sneers. “Hush up, Flamingo! I want Lacey to get the letter of A-plus on each one of her research papers.”
“And my paper will get her that letter of A-plus. The novel sums the 1,000 pages of storyline in my research paper. Scarlett is not pretty but ugly and is smart, not stupid. She starts out a pampered teenager living on a cotton plantation while she flirts and flaunts with her teen age southern belle charms which is highly regarded as the correct female behavior for catching a beau, you know, a husband.”
“Looks like Lacey is doing a good job at that, ain’t that right, Brick Brain?” Flamingo laughs and watches Breck for either a vocal or physical reaction which doesn’t come, so he pitches the ball back to Cinco.
Cinco catches the ball and continues the argument. “Then, the War comes and Scarlett defaults into her innate female behavior using her stubbornness and high-spiritedness to survive the death and destruction of the Old South. Scarlett’s traits are labels of a bad southern belle that contain the nasty traits of deceitfulness, shrewdness, manipulative-ness and finally superficiality when she is compared with a set of good southern belle traits consisting of trust, self-sacrifice and loyalty, which is depicted in the character of Melanie, who dies at the end of the book. Did you know that fact, Breck?”
Breck continues reading the computer screen in silence.
Cinco turns and smiles to Flamingo. “Brick Brain didn’t see the entire movie either,” he pitches the ball back to Flamingo.
Flamingo catches the ball with a smile. “Like Lacey did and does, ain’t that right, Brick Brain?”
Breck continues to review the electronic paper in silence.
Cinco returns back and smiles at the computer that hides Breck. “The point of the novel is to show how Scarlett, like the Old South, changed from a beautiful, affluent, proud, and lazy noble society into an ugly, ruthless, power-hungry, and opportunistic commoner society, where folks step on each other and get rich doing it.”
Breck looks up with a puzzled brow to see Cinco. “How does this answer the title of Scarlett: Southern Belle or Southern Bitch? I didn’t understand the answer, Cinco.”
Cinco jabs a finger with a smile at Breck. “You need to finish reading the paper and not do an electronic scan for a set of misspelled words,” laughing.
Flamingo laughs. “And I did megatons of research rather than writing a three-page book report at the fourth grade level on Queenie Cleopatra.”
Breck had gotten the easier assignment of the three research papers, writing a simple history report on the dead Egyptian queen.
“How did you end the paper, Cinco?” Breck frowns.
Cinco exhales. “The Old South has survived by adapting a new southern charm, like a southern belle, which ain’t represented by beauty but by deed.”
“Well spoken, young southern gentleman.” Flamingo turns and salutes Cinco.
“Fine, young gentleman!” Breck returns back to see the screen on the laptop, scanning the next paper from Flamingo, reading the title out loud. “Sociopath Dating, Are You a Victim Here? Dang!” He looks up with a worried brow to see Flamingo. “What’s this horse crap, Flamingo?”
“A-plus-plus letter grade,” Flamingo tosses the baseball with a laugh back to Cinco.
Breck returns back with a sour frown down to see the report and reads out loud from the laptop screen. “You’re on a fantastic date at the newest Hollywood flick, where she looks like your mother. Then she giggles in a sweet twang like your mother. Then she dresses like your mother. But, she charms like a serpent and wits with silly clown humor while secretively dominating her single victim, since she feels that is her right of grandiose self. Then she lies coolly with a set of impossible truths that can easily pass a lie detector test, since she displays bouts of warmth, joy, love and compassion externally well while remaining cold, calm, and calculating inside her inner guts…”
Cinco laughs. “Go on and finish reading the rest of the paper, Breck!”
Breck exhales with frustration and then reads out loud. “She possesses a deep seated rage that splits into a set of tiny verbal outbursts which is always coupled with a series of short physical punishments while skating the edge on her brain stem. Her brain stem is unable to empathize with either compassion or mercy with each emotional pain on her next victim…”
“Is that a real sociology paper, Flamingo?” Cinco pitches the ball with a smile to Flamingo.
Flamingo catches the ball with a nod. “Yeah, it possesses the word, social, in the title. Ain’t that right, Breck? So, that makes it a sociology paper, man.” Flamingo laughs with Cinco.
Breck continues to read out loud with a stern face. “She is all-powerful, all-knowing, and all-entitling of her every wish, desire, and dream with no sense of personal boundary or concern for her single victim. She tends to move around the town and then into another town displaying her consistent poor work ethics while she continues to exploit others effectively and efficiently and effortful and evenly and enough without money.”
Cinco stands upright from the lounge chair and tosses both arms in the air with the glove, wearing a smile. “Lacey.”
Breck continues to scan the research paper with a stern face for an inappropriate word, since he has to modify all the bad words, before he gives the paper to Lacey tomorrow morning, before the start of school. “Shut up, Cinco!”
Cinco turns and smiles at Flamingo. “Dude, you’re good. You have picked the right field in medicine. I bow down my entire body to you, future Breck Freehurst Balegreen, the fourth, MD,” he bows down at the waistline and then drops down onto his kneecaps like praying, sounding with a loud chuckle. He stands upright with smile and catches the ball from flamingo.
Breck continues to read the research paper on the screen with a stern face. “Sit down, Cinco.”
Cinco spins around with a smile and tosses the baseball at Breck, hitting a few inches above the cropped hair roots on Breck. “How does the sociology paper end, Breck?”
Breck does even flick from the impact of the ball against the hard wood, reading out loud the last sentence in the paper. “If your date exhibits one or more of these socially unacceptable behaviors which is listed above, then you have acquired a sociopathic date, so drop the bitch right now.” He looks up with a sneer to see Flamingo. “Damn! You can’t use that word here inside her paper.”
Flamingo laughs. “Cinco did.”
Breck exhales with a sour frown. “I swear, Flamingo, if Lacey receives a bad grade…”
“Dude, she’s getting the letter grade of A.” Cinco laughs. “I promise. This is my best work ever.”
“Young gentlemen,” the female voice shouts out loud inside the hallway.
Inside the empty hallway, Arie slowly strolls ahead in a pair of comfortable bedroom slippers toward the hallway of private bedroom. However, a single bright light comes from Pig Pen, not their individual separate bedroom chambers. Her three sons are still upset and mad about her secret social date. She had not wanted to mention because of the nasty scene inside the Breck’s truck on the way home.
She is both nervous and excited about her first date since high school and she doesn’t want to upset her three sons anymore. However, Arie is quite puzzled that Aurora would track down her three boys there at the church and then swiftly tattle-tail about her silly date, where Aurora had setup the occasion.
But Arie knows that her sister. Aurora is still angry and mad about the impromptu teen party a week ago inside her new house. So Aurora should have hired a babysitting service which is available around the Lacy Springs town or one of the sweet high school teenager girls to come over to the house and babysit for Asa and Alina instead. Thus, Aurora had invited a big disaster coming from the three big boys who were actually birthed within the US State of Florida.
Inside Pig Pen, Arie appears and stands in the open archway with a slight smile of worry as each face stares back at her. She slowly moves inside and glides around the room and then stops in the middle of the room with a worried heart and a worried face. “Are all of ya’ll upset with me? You tore through your supper meal without grunting a word or a single piece of food particle on top of the ironed tablecloth. Then each one of you swiftly stormed upstairs like a tornado working on all of your homework assignments in peace and quiet. Why aren’t the radio and television plasma and electronic game monitors blaring with loud sounds?”
“Mama,” Cinco spins around with a smile and moves ahead with a chuckle, extending both arms through the air and then stops, wrapping his strong biceps gently around her mother for a loving hug.
Flamingo continues to sit inside his assigned lounge chair and slams a folded fist down into the glove with a smile at his mother. “We’re a set of busy little beavers, Mama. We did all of our farm chores and finished up all of our school assignments, before the big football game tomorrow evening while freeing up our time for the weekend. So we all can meet and greet Seth…”
“Mr. Wells, please,” Arie leans over and frowns at her troublesome Middle Child among the triplets.
Cinco pulls back with a grin to see Arie. “Yeah, we wanna meet and greet Mr. Wells, Mama. So, we all have finished up with all of our homework assignments. And now, we are all ready for the weekend to meet and greet Mr. Wells, Mama.”
“O!” Arie quickly back steps from Cinco with a fake smile and then swiftly spins around with a worried brow, moving toward the open archway. “All right. Time for bed. Please brush your teeth and wash your face and hands. I’ll be inside each one of your rooms in a few minutes to say goodnight,” she swiftly exits Pig Pen and exhales with nervousness, before she vomits over the ugly green tinted foam floor.



Two days later…


Saturday September 6th

Hot temperatures with bright sunshine
Pig Pen setting
04:44 pm


“What are you doing, now, dude? If you are searching for Seth?” Cinco tosses the basketball up into the air at the single hoop that stands over the open door way and misses the hole as the basketball bounces off the rim and then back into his hands. He frowns. “He’s neutral…”
“Neutered?” Flamingo laughs and types on the computer keyboard at the student desk on side wall next to the Breck’s chaise lounge chair. “Is that act confirmed, man?”
“He is neutral, disinteresting, on the fence post. Breck and I ain’t found good or bad shit on this guy’s two hairy balls. And his two girls are enrolled in middle school, not high school. They’re barely qualified and classified as a pair of biological pre-teens.” He shoots the basketball at the loop again and then misses as the ball bounces off the rim and down onto the floor. He runs around and chased the ball over the hard flooring.
“Mama says…”
“Aurora says her fibbing lies as usual. What do you think about that, dude? Or how about this one, Flamingo. Aurora is setting up our mama too punk us.” He stands upright and then shoots, bagging the ball into the net as the ball drops down and then bounces over the wooden floor. He runs around and chases the ball around the room.
Flamingo continues to type on the computer keyboard with a stern face. “I do believe that is a very good working theory that I don’t like. And I plan to retaliate immediately using my swifter and furious teenly action on Aurora probably tomorrow in the early am, once our mama is safely home tonight.”
Cinco catches the ball and stands behind the rear skull which is covered with the backwards baseball cap on Flamingo while spying at the computer screen, reading out loud, “Woodyland of the World, did you get a new email about for your award?”
“Naw,” Flamingo continues to type on the keyboard.
“Are you sending an old email to them about your award? Do you receive any money for that award?” He frowns at the computer screen and bounces the ball on top of the floor and back into his hands.
“Naw,” Flamingo studies the screen with a stern face.
He frowns. “So, you’re not getting a new email and not sending an old email. So, that means, you’re causing some major trouble, Flamingo.” He continues to bounce the ball up and down on the floor.
“The first lodge for the Woodland of the World is located in down south in the beach city of Mobile and the fourth lodge is located in Gardendale. The other numbered and specific geographical lodges are located in Athens, Huntsville, Decatur, and Montgomery.” Flamingo presses the button and flips through the web site with a stern face, studying each word.
He exhales. “You’re spying on Lacey with an ‘e.’ If Breck finds out, you’re dead, dude. Even Mama can’t save your soft buttocks from a vicious demi-god,” he back steps from Flamingo and then poses, aiming, shooting and misses the hoop again as the ball bounces back into his hands.
“The other lodges are built in other populated cities like…”
“Stop it, Flamingo!” Cinco pitches the ball and then races toward the loop, catching the ball, before it bounces on top of the wooden floor. He had shuffled the soft matting from the floor to practice drilling on the basketball hoop and to annoy his brother Flamingo. He slowly moves around the room. “We’re triplets. I can deduct the hypothesis or your wrong set of propositions set forth for a specific group of phenomena. Why does Lacy Springs contain 5,000 folks? We’re growing, dude. All the folks are flooding down the creek and then jumping over the Tennessee River from Huntsville into our fertile and free clay mounds. So simple! Looky! You need to blog another website, before Breck catches your hand up his property. You are familiar with the ancient redneck code: no dissing with a missy, unless ya want a messy,” laughing.
He frowns at the computer screen. “Have you noticed that she doesn’t know stuff about Bama? She didn’t say the word, Bama. She only says, Alabama. She doesn’t say the shorten word of B’ham for Birmingham. Everyone in the fucking state calls the city of Birmingham, B’ham. The acronym is also used in stationary and on numerous road signs. And she calls a Chevrolet, Chevrolet. Chevrolet is Chevy. Everyone calls a Chevrolet, a Chevy. Why is that, Cinco?”
“She’s dumb, a dumb silly cowgirl. Why that interests Breck’s brain cells? I can’t answer.” He stops with a pant and stares with a stern face at the nose profile on Flamingo. “And this ain’t my probe, dude. And anyways, lots of rednecks don’t know nothing about Bama, but beer, balls, and trucks. You’re not providing a valid argumentative point for a set of country rednecks which occupies ninety percent in this land, Flamingo.”
Flamingo frowns at the computer screen. “Why does she speak with a full address location, including the zip code? Why does she describe each Bama city and Bama business with the full address location? That’s just plain weird, man.”
He aims and shoots the basketball with a stern face. “Okay. She’s a little more dumber and a lot more odder like a stupid dumb otter that can’t build a water dam. I give you two geometry points for that fact. But Breck likes her. So you need to cold case that doggie search before…”
“Mama!” Breck magically appears and stands underneath the basketball hoop, catching the basketball from Cinco’s perfect toss.
Inside the student desk on the side wall, Flamingo quickly types a new set of words while covering his investigation on Loser Lacey, exiting the Woodlands of the World blog, saying with rushed word of panic. “Mama has gone on her first and only social date without us.”
“How is our mama doing before her first and only social date, Cinco?” Breck bounces the ball up and down on the wooden floor.
“She is still inside her private bedroom chamber and still dressing for her first and only and last social date foreverly.” Cinco dashes ahead with a smile and then stops, whipping both arms in the air, trying to steal the basketball back from Breck.
Breck spins around and blocks the steal from Cinco, bouncing the ball on the floor, turning to face the open archway and then stops. He shots and hits the hoop with the score.
“She’s scared. Our mama can’t go on her first and only and last social date foreverly.” Flamingo reaches over and cuts off the desktop computer with a worried brow, still sitting at the student chair.
Cinco stares at the back spine on Breck while ignoring Flamingo. “She is still dressing for her first and only and last social date foreverly.”
Breck spins around with a smile and bounces the basketball up and down the wooden floor, staring at Cinco. “What’s Mama wearing for her first and only social date?”
Cinco smiles, “She has selected a pair of faded and non-shredded blue jeans, her cute pink and white cowboy boots, and a short sleeved Burn U shirt. I plucked the shirt from Babbie’s closet.”
“She’s a real country girl,” Breck smiles.
Flamingo smirks at Cinco, “Why are you inside Babbie’s private bedroom closet, man?”
“Hush it, Flamingo!” Breck turns and frowns at Flamingo.
Cinco turns and winks at Flamingo. “Actually, I enjoy being inside Babbie’s butt drawers a lot better than her bedroom closet, Flamingo. If you really wanna to stick your nose up my ass…”
“First comes love and then comes Cinco with a baby carriage in a shotgun wedding.” Flamingo laughs.
Breck drops the basketball and then swiftly scoots sideways, blocking an upright body on Cinco, who sneers and desires to beat up Flamingo. Cinco reaches around Breck, striking the air with a folded fist at Flamingo. Breck shouts into Cinco’s face. “What else is Mama wearing, Cinco?”
Cinco turns and mouth spits into Breck’s smile. “She wears a pink sweater over the Burn U college shirt. She looks really cute.”
Breck back steps with a sneer and wipes off his wet face.
Flamingo stands upright from the desk chair and crosses his arms, shaking his backwards baseball cap with a stern face. “Mamas don’t look cute, Cinco. They look tough and rough and raw. She can’t go on her first and only and last social date foreverly. I say no and never and nope…”
“Hush it, Flamingo!” Breck dries the wet hands on his shirt with a sour frown.
Cinco nods with a smile to Breck. “Mama has eaten a bit of food today. She’s too excited about her…”
“She is not excited.” Flamingo frowns. “That’s her usual eating habits. Mama is small-boned and slender with no meat on her tiny bones. She eats like a birdie at breakfast, lunch, and supper. So, she’s not even hungry for the evening supper meal with unknown Seth Wells. She can’t go on her first and only and last social date foreverly.”
“She’s nervous.” Cinco nods to Flamingo.
“Nervous! A set of raw nerves leads to a wrong action which leads to a wrong decision which makes a very wrong act. As the pre-med student here, Mama can’t go on her first and only and last social date foreverly with all of her nervous energy. I cancel her first and only and last social date foreverly.” Flamingo tosses each arm and whips them around in the air with a sour frown.
Breck ignores Flamingo and smiles at Cinco. “All right. We are ready to track, trace, and tail our mama. Did you cancel your girlfriend time with Babbie, Cinco?”
Cinco nods with a smile. “Yup! And I got the bike gassed and dirty, so Mama doesn’t recognize the blue sparkling metal.”
“She’s nervous. She might do anything that jackass wants on her first and only social date. So, Mama can’t go on her first and only and last social date foreverly. I’m the medical doctor here.” Flamingo continues to stand and waves both arms in the air with a sour frown.
Breck turns and winks at Flamingo. “You’re a redneck, Flamingo,” Then he turns and smiles at Cinco. “Now, we’re well prepared here for this once-in-a-life-time shocking event. So, keep with the scheduled schedule. Cinco meets the jackass…”
“Just kick his ass off the front porch, Cinco! I think he’ll get the physical pic when you implant your boot toe into his tight and tiny anal region,” Flamingo actually kicks his flip-flop into the air and then shuffles ahead with a laugh and stops, staring at Cinco.
Breck turns and stands nose to nose with Flamingo. “Stick with the plan, Flamingo. Cinco meets Seth in the foyer with us and our mama. Then he leaves making the excuse that he’s late for his date with Babbie. However, Cinco will wait down at the Malone Gas Station as Seth’s car pulls down Highway 36 from our driveway at Plymouth Rock Road. Then Cinco follows Seth’s car while giving us both visual and verbal precise directional landmarks while he continues to pass and then slow next to Seth’s car. So, we leave right after Cinco’s signal and then follow Seth’s car about one mile away, so Mama don’t see us…”
Flamingo shoves Breck from his face with a sneer. “Mama doesn’t go on her first and only and last social date foreverly. Then, we don’t follow on her first and only and last social date foreverly. We entertain her for the evening, since we’re her three loving sons. Let’s go and see a new movie.”
“Beat his ass, Breck!” Cinco spins around with a chuckle and moves ahead toward the side window, hearing a familiar roar of a vehicle and stops. He stops and reaches out, parting the brown tinted curtains, saying with a sneer. “He’s here.”
Flamingo turns and sneers at the open curtain that shows the glass window. “The jackass is here. It’s too early.”
Breck stands in place and double checks his wrist waist with a smile. “Actually, Seth is right on time being ten minutes early for the children’s face-to-face interview…”
“No interview!” Flamingo moves ahead with a sour frown toward the same window with Cinco. “Kick his ass off…”
“Shut up, Flamingo!” Cinco back steps with a sour frown from the glass window and then spins around, forcefully shoving Flamingo into the side wall while quieting that annoying baritone ramble.
Breck moves ahead and then reaches out, grabbing Cinco’s naked arm with a smile. “Cinco, go and stall Mama. Tell her to change her lipstick or her pair of earrings or her something else. Give me and Flamingo more personal time to interrogate and intimidate shit ass Seth, before she makes her grand entrance coming down the staircase,” he shoves Cinco toward the open archway with a chuckle.
Cinco swiftly exits Pig Pen and slowly moves down the empty hallway toward his mother’s bedroom suite, catching Arie before she decides to descend down the grand staircase and meet Seth Wells, her first and only social date.
Inside Pig Pen, Flamingo spins around from the glass window with a laugh and then slowly moves ahead toward the archway. “Kick his ass off…” 
“Stay cool, bro!” Breck collides and then cuddles with Flamingo, saying with a smile into the cheekbone on Flamingo. “We watch, observe, and record Seth for any slick moves that he tries to fend on our mama or use against us. And then we remember all of those slick moves. Because, when Seth returns back here and our mama is upstairs safe and sound, we use all of his slick move back on Seth within the darkness of the heated night, before the man reaches his personal vehicle. Then, that ends our mama’s dating session for another twenty years,” laughing.
“I love you, Breck.” Flamingo slaps Breck’s chest with a smile.
They slowly move ahead and exit Pig Pen, turning into the empty hallway, marching down the grand staircase, sounding with a set of soft chuckles and bright smiles
On the front porch, the imposing front exterior façade on the Balegreen mansion features a tall row of six thick and wide white tinted wooden columns which soars 26 feet high into the second level. The height of mansion stands at 54 feet and seven inches. Each wooden column supports the 63 feet wide second floor balcony that completely surrounds the entire house, staring at the front porch and ends at the rear terrace. The balcony depth is measured at 88 feet deep from the wooden railing back toward the exterior smooth limestone rock wall.
Each exterior wall is two feet thick in whitish-silver limestone that came from the local quarry site in the year 1809. And each room contains a pink tinted marble fireplace that doesn’t work, except for the two parlor rooms and the kitchen space.
The house is 9,000 square feet of living space. The first greeting room through the double doors is the entrance hall which displays a fifteen feet high ceiling and three peach colored paint in-between the rows of glass windows. In the middle of the entrance hall, a three-story staircase rising to the second level and is framed by two curved archways of pretty pinkish colored rosewood. The staircase kisses a pink, gray, and white speckled marble floor.
Inside the entrance hall, Flamingo steps down onto the marble floor and then slowly moves ahead toward a row of beige colored shear curtains that covers eight individual tall and wide glass windows which allows each morning and afternoon sunlight beans to kiss the entrance hall floor. And ee is very curious about the man who is named Seth Wells.
Breck steps off the staircase and then swiftly dashes ahead, tackling the back spine on Flamingo, tossing Flamingo down onto the hard tile floor as they both grunt in pain. Breck slaps a cupped hand over the string of loud curses words coming from the parted lips on Flamingo. Breck whispers down into Flamingo’s eardrum. “Sh! Listen.”
On the front porch, Seth loudly and privately talks into his personal mobile telephone, standing on top of the empty front porch and then moves sideways, planting an ass down on top of the protruded granite ledge that hangs off each low-lying glass window seal near the closed double doors.
Within a true antebellum house, each super tall and extremely wide glass window pane had been built very low down into the front porch which was only seven inches up from the concrete foundation, providing an excellent cool cross-breeze during the springtime weather, drifting throughout the grand house, since an air conditioning system did not exist in the 1850s.
On top of the front porch, in front of the window pane, Seth continues to sit on the granite window seal, tapping a right boot toe and then a left boot toe over the hard concrete while staring into the manicured front yard, yelping on his personal mobile telephone like a silly high school teenager. “Yup! I got a hot date with a hot little mama. Ya know what I mean ring-a-ding,” laughing into the phone.
Inside the entrance hall, on top of the floor, at the wall corner intersection and below the same window pane with Seth, Flamingo and Breck cuddle together like a pair of lover and ease drop into the private conversation. They sorta rest sideways inside the nook at the wall corner intersection below the open window which is out of Seth’s acute eyeballs but within Seth’s alto voice.
On top of the front porch, in front of the window pane, Seth continues to sit on the granite window seal, staring at the manicured lawn and smiles into his personal mobile telephone. “Naw. I ain’t seen the bitch yet. I’m thinking now. She might be a cold duck like her fat sister, since she birthed a set of high schoolers. She probably ain’t some pretty thing after all. Ya know what I mean ring-a-ding,” laughing.
Inside the entrance hall, on top of the marble floor, at the wall corner intersection, and below the same window pane with Seth, Flamingo loudly snarls with a set of gritted teeth and then lifts a leg up from the floor and floats it in the air, struggling from Breck’s brotherly embrace. He is going to kill Seth on the front porch, re-painting the hard concrete with Seth’s red blood proteins.
Breck slams a cupped hand over Flamingo’s mouth and sneer, tightening the cuddle with his brother while preventing Flamingo from leaving the entrance hall.
They both quietly listen to the one-side mobile telephone conversation.
On top of the front porch, in front of the window pane, Seth continues to sit and speak out loud into the phone speaker. “The sister is a snake just like me. I can hear her rattlers shaking a mile away inside the office setting. I hope this one tries to bite me, since I like to slap and sting my prey into submission. Ya know what I mean ring-a-ding,” laughing.
Inside the entrance hall, on top of the marble floor, at the wall corner intersection and below the same window pane, Flamingo violently slams his fist into the side wall, leaving a nice imprint with a set of dangling white broken plaster pieces.
Breck tightens both of his biceps and his two ankle bones around a wiggling Flamingo while keeping his brother pinned down, so they can both continue to ease drop on the rest of the one-sided conversation coming from the laughing lips on her date Seth Wells.
On top of the front porch, in front of the window pane, Seth continues to sit and speak out loud into the phone speaker. “We will eat first. Then it depends on her degree of ugliness. I’ll race her back to my private bedroom back home and either fuck her short for a bad memory or long for a lovely face. Ya know what I mean, ring-a-ding,” laughing.
Inside the entrance hall, on top of the marble floor, at the wall corner intersection and below the same window pane, Flamingo violently bucks up and down on the floor and between Breck’s two strong arms and two powerful legs with killing fury.
Breck viciously shakes Flamingo, quieting the sneer from his brother, so they both can continue to listen to the rest of Seth’s telephone banter.
On top of the front porch, in front of the window pane, Seth continues to sit and speak out loud into the phone speaker. “Well, I gotta go now. It’s time for me to impress her set of dumbass hick kids. Ya know what I mean, ring-a-ding,” laughing.
Inside the entrance hall, on top of the marble floor, at the wall corner intersection and below the same window pane, Flamingo cuddles with Breck and turns, forming a set of soft mouth vowels, reading to shout out loud with more killing fury.
Breck reaches over and then covers the lips on Flamingo, leaning down into the sneer on his brother. “Shush! I wanna hear more.”
Flamingo frowns with silence as they both continue to secretly listen.
On top of the front porch, in front of the window pane, Seth continues to sit and speak out loud into the phone speaker. “I’ll snap a pic after my victory lap. If she’s ugly, then you can fuck her next Saturday night. Ya know what I mean, ring-a-ding.” He slowly stands upright from the window seal with a loud laugh and removes his mobile telephone from his earlobe, pocketing the communication device inside a hidden pocket in his blue tinted sports jacket.
He spins around with a smile and stares into the glass on the window pane, seeing his mirrored reflection, patting down his brown tinted hair, dusting dirt off his faded and worn blue jeans.
Inside the entrance hall, on top of the marble floor, at the wall corner intersection and below the same window pane, Breck and Flamingo are poses out of eyeball range from Seth.
Breck releases both of his arms and his ankles bone from Flamingo.
Flamingo flops onto his stomach and then stands upright, crawling ahead on all fours (both kneecaps and hand palms) from the side wall with a sneer. He swiftly stands upright from the floor while rushing ahead with a growl, heading down the narrow hallway.
Breck slowly stands upright from the floor and presses out a set of ugly wrinkles from his blue T-shirt, turning to face the entrance doors, slowly moving ahead toward a beating knock on the front door. He turns to face the narrow semi-dark hallway and shouts out loud with a sneer. “Flamingo!”
“Let him in, Breck. I’ll be right back.” Flamingo continues to race down the hallway with a yell and then disappears into the side archway.
At the entrance door Breck stops and stands in front of the closed door, exhaling with fury, calming his killing instinct. Seth has loudly and secretly proclaimed too many nasty secrets about his scant selfie, where Arie’s two sons have also secretly overheard.
He reaches out and touches, slowly turning each door knob, gently easing both of the double doors open. He stares with a fake smile at a short and middle aged Seth Wells while wishing for his favorite loaded shotgun. Instead, he extends a dominate hand toward Seth with a brilliant idea.
Inside the open archway, Seth calmly reaches out with a smile and then gently touches the warm finger pads on Breck.
Breck twists and then slaps his hand on Seth’s cupped hand and then the other free hand grabs onto Seth’s elbow. Then Breck lifts the short man of five feet and four inches up from the marble floor and then twirls the horizontal body of short Seth through the air, shooting the male over his collar bone like a rag doll. Breck slowly controls the landing and places Seth down on the back spine with a controlled drop, without damaging the rear skull on Seth, on purpose.
“Pfft!” Seth grunts on top of the marble floor with both of legs spread apart over the hard surface, breathing in shallow huff of fear and panic, wearing a pair of dizzy eyeballs and a silly frown.
He releases Seth’s arm and watches the limp hand slap down across Seth’s heaving chest.
Flamingo returns back into the entrance hall and dashes ahead, jumping into the air and then lands on top of the floor with a loud grunt while straddling an individual flip-flop in-between the flat chest cavity on Seth. He holds the shotgun in a right shooting hand, pumping the twelve-gauge bullet with a hardy stroke into the empty chamber while sneering down at a grounded and confused Seth. He slaps the gun butt into his rib cage, pointing the cold barrel down into Seth’s nostrils, growling with fury. “You’re done here, boy.”
Breck squats down and leans over into the cheekbone on Seth, breathing puffs of sweet mint breaths into the wrinkled skin with a smile and a whisper. “Ya know what I mean, ring-a-ding.” Then he sneers into the sweaty eyebrows on Seth, so his mother Arie cannot hear the vile exchange of words from Breck as she is still upstairs under the protective guard of baby triplet Cinco.
“Get up, hoss!” Flamingo shuffles off the flat chest on Seth and then stands sideways, turning to face the open archway with a sneer. Seth slowly stands upright from the floor with a heavy grunt and a dizzy headache, facing the open archway too. Flamingo shoves the cold barrel into the back spine on Seth with a growl.
Seth gasps in fear and then lifts both arms high into the air with a worried brow, wishing that he had never accepted this blind date arrangement from Aurora.
On the front porch, Seth slowly moves ahead without getting killed by one of the crazy sons from Arie Balegreen in silence, shuffling out the front door, marching down each brick-coated step and strolling over the pavement toward his personal sedan.
Flamingo keeps the cold barrel at the curved back spine on Seth and follows behind the ass on Seth also while growling with fury over the hair roots on the short male. “Now, you scat away from me, my house and my mama, before I pepper your ass with rat’s gut.”
Inside the entrance hall, Arie stops and then prettily poses in a pair of skinny blue jeans and a lovely pink sweater on the top of staircase while calling with a nervous smile. “Here, I come, ya’ll!”
Cinco escorts Arie, cupping her elbow like a true Southern gentleman, slowly moving down the tall staircase and then turns with a smile to see her nose profile. Then he swings back with a stern face to see Breck, who nods with a chuckle. Cinco frowns with confusion at Breck’s silly grin.
Breck had left the entrance doors open. He dashes ahead and then stops, standing at the bottom of the staircase with a smile at his mother. Arie stomps a boot toe onto the marble tile and then stands in place. Breck leans over and hugs his mother, blocking her view of the nasty and secretive happenings inside the manicured lawn, pulling back with a grin. “You’re so pretty, Mama.”
“Thank you, Breck.” Arie pulls back with a fake smile and peeks at the open front door between his massive biceps.
Breck releases her tiny body but still holds each one of her arms, so Arie cannot see or hear his brother Flamingo, who continues to march Seth Wells off the Balegreen property. Or maybe, Flamingo is burying the man’s cold dead body somewhere on the farm property. Either solution would greatly please both Breck and Cinco.
Arie narrows her eyelashes and then leans around Breck’s body with a puzzled brow. “Where’s Seth? I can see the open door. I heard a loud knock.”
Breck thumbs back over his collar bone with a smile. “Mama, the door noise you heard…”
“…was Aunt Aurora expressing the word, sorry,” Flamingo enters the entrance hall right on cue, wearing a smile, leaving the shotgun on the front porch out of eye sight. “Seth has an emergency with his two daughters. You understand and know that happening unhappy event as a single loving parent of three mischievous, handsome sons, Mama.” He rushes ahead toward Arie and then stops, leaning down, kissing her cheekbone and hugs her tiny body tightly with both his love and protection. He pulls back with a soft chuckle to his mother.
Breck laughs with a wink to Cinco, “Aw, hell! I so was looking forward to meeting and greeting the guy. Shoot…”
“…wished I could too. But shoot, I can’t. Hey! Since, Mr. mysterious Seth Wells has missed your damn date, Mama.” Flamingo continues to chuckle with the brotherly secret.
“Then, we can meet and greet you for that missed date night, Mama.” Cinco nods with a smile.
“Yeah, Mama! Let’s venture out to a movie and see the newest science fiction flick. I drive. You sit shotgun with me while Breck and Cinco fold in the rear seat, kissing like a pair of lovers.” Flamingo leans over and hugs Arie, gently twisting her toward the narrow hallway, before she starts to think and then change her mind. He marches with her down the hallway and into the kitchen. The garage space can be accessed through the kitchen door.
He leads her into his sports car for a family fun night at the local movie house.


Movie House location
Lobby and Refreshment setting
Warm temperatures with bright stars and dull moonlight
07:15 pm


Flamingo stands in front of the refreshment counter and pays for the snacks, consisting of three buckets of buttered popcorn, four large sodas, six candy bars, and three trays of spicy hot taco chips. He leans down and then carefully grabs, lifting up the full tray between his arms, slowly twisting his tallness toward the carpeted alleyway that shows each movie theater entrance door.
Arie, Breck, and Cinco continue to enjoy the new science fiction flick.
Flamingo enjoys their company while waiting hand and foot on his mother, since this is her date night with her three redneck babies, after being unknowingly jilted by asshole Seth.
Actually, her three precious redneck angels had persuaded Brother Seth to see the light barrel of a shotgun.
Inside the movie house lobby, Flamingo slowly moves ahead with a soft chuckle while re-living the beautiful vision of Seth’s scary facial features. And the mature adult male didn’t piss inside his white tinted drawers that could have run down and stained the clean marble floor inside the entrance hall either.
Then, Flamingo stops after hearing that familiar soprano timber which invades his eardrum every morning, starting at 8:01 am until 1:56 pm inside his AP classroom.
Flamingo turns and sneers at the nose profile on Loser Lacey, who is hanging with a set of three nasty country rednecks that live more towards the western part within the Morgan County and further away from the tiny cow town of Lacy Springs.
Cinco is really the smarter triplet as he immediately recognizes Lacey’s southern belle non-ways.
Flamingo should run back into his movie theater seat and then lean over, mouth spitting the new information into Breck’s eardrum about his “doll toy.” But Flamingo is going to follow the rule inside the Holy Bible, turning the other cheekbone with his smiling face and his two nasty flip-flops away from Loser Lacey. He slowly moves his ass back toward the movie theater to finish watching the movie as his mother Arie is waiting for her cold beverage also.
Then he doesn’t hear the wordy conversation as much as he sees the slow moving picture show within his two baby blue eyeballs, staring at the familiar petiteness on a second female.
The second petite female stands not too close near Lacey but directly in front of the three teen male rednecks. Lacey stands beside the nose profile on the petite teen female and reaches out, shoving the petite female toward the three teen males.
Flamingo veers his foot path with a sneer and moves ahead toward the encounter while making it his nosy teen-ass business and then halts with a soft growl. He stands at back spine on the petite teen female while still holding the tray of snacks, sneering at the middle tall and ugly male among the three unknown teen rednecks. “What’s this crap?”
A tall, broad shouldered, pale skinned male teen stands in front of the petite teen female, looking up with a growl, staring at Flamingo. “Boy, didn’t your mama teach you a couple of southern belle table manners?”
Flamingo laughs out loud. “What’s this crap, please?” He lifts the tray of snacks over his skull and then quickly moves forward as his two kneecaps tenderly touch the rear of her blue jeans. He slowly drops both his arms and the heavy tray of snacks in front of Blanche’s small breasts without harming them, leaning down into her eardrum with a whisper and a grin. “Hey, Blanche. Did you come to the movie house with your parents, sweetheart?”
“Yes.” Blanche barely whispers in fear while staring at the three tall and ugly high school males that came with Lacey.
Lacey had cornered Blanche on the side wing inside the movie house, where all the bad kids liked to hang out while smoking cigarettes and drinking cans of cold beer, so the Movie Management couldn’t see the nasty teen behavior. Blanche had been traveling toward the Girl’s Bathroom.
Inside the side wing on the lobby, Flamingo continues to whisper into her eardrum. “Good! You take this tray of goodies to both of your folks. And you tell them that you got this tray of treats, because you’re a really smart girl at Lacy Springs High. Okay, sweetheart.”
“But…” Blanche doesn’t like to fib.
Flamingo chuckles at her honesty and then gently shoves the tray into her body. He wants Blanche to leave the side wing inside the lobby, before the upcoming bloody violent picture show. “It’s going be okay here, sweetheart. You go on now, since I gotta take out the three nasty garbage cans for the movie house manager,” he watches the three rednecks in case of a pre-mature attack on Blanche.
Blanche swiftly grabs the two exterior handle stems on the wooden tray with the snacks as Flamingo ensures the tray fits into her tiny hands and then quickly releases his large hands, sliding both hands, gently twisting Blanche away from the three rednecks and back toward the empty alleyway that leads into each movie theater.
Each movie theatre entrance door is guarded or watched by a nice movie theater person for any trouble or troublemaker.
Blanche swiftly moves sideways and then rushes her steps, moving away from Flamingo and the three rednecks, sobbing with fright from the encounter. She doesn’t know what to tell her parents but she will think of something interesting to say. She doesn’t want her parents to worry as long as a nice teenager like Flamingo is there to save the day.
Inside the lobby, Flamingo turns and frowns at Lacey. “Why are you hanging with three fucking retards, Lacey?”
Lacey back steps with a giggle and then slams her back spine into the nasty side beige bricked wall that holds the Girl’s Bathroom and another exit door into the parking lot. She crosses both arms with a grin in silence.
Among the three rednecks, the tall and ugly middle teen male sneers at Flamingo. “Boy, you have insulted me with your sucky southern belle manners for last gawd damn time.”
“Who’s this dipshit anyways?” The first tall and ugly pale skinned redneck jabs a finger at the nose bridge on Flamingo.
The third and final tall and ugly pale skinned redneck jabs a finger at the nose bridge on Flamingo also. “He’s one of them triplet horse turds from Lacy Spring.”
Flamingo stands in place and chuckles out loud with amusement. His mother Arie always reminds each one of her sons the ancient axiom of kindness: sticks and stones will break your bones, but a set of ugly words with never harm your body.
So, Flamingo can take a lot of vile English shitty words about his person and even some more shitty words about his two biological triplet brothers, but if this redneck male says one nasty word about his mother then a beating or a bruising or a blooding isn’t a good enough punishment.
It will require a killing.
Inside the alleyway row of theaters, one set of movie doors parts open.
Breck emerges from his movie theater show and swiftly moves into the common lobby while searching for a misplaced Flamingo, who has been gone for fifteen solid minutes. Breck’s stomach growls for a hot chip and his throat tights for a cold beverage. Then he quickly spots Flamingo on the side wing inside the far corner near the bathrooms, without a food tray and gossips with a group of good old teen boys.
Breck moves ahead with a sneer in that geographical direction, without waiting for Cinco, who is peeing into the Men’s Bathroom, which is located on the other side wing inside the common lobby. Breck races ahead and then stops with a sour frown standing beside the nose profile on Flamingo. “Mama, she’s waiting for her diet so…da…dang it.” He gasps and then sees what Flamingo sees.
The Movie House lobby has been invaded by a group of country rednecks coming from the other side of Morgan County that probably has caused trouble or is about to cause trouble that Flamingo is trying to stop.
On the other side wing inside the common lobby, Cinco exits out from the Men’s Bathroom, wiping both wet hands onto his black tinted jeans, slowing strolls into the lobby with a smile, turning to see the noisy commotion in the far corner. He swiftly dashes ahead with a grin and pulls up behind Breck while laughing with a goofy grin, “A rumble.” He pounds a fist into his open palm, shouting out loud with a chuckle, “Yeehaw! Three on three. I get to kick me some fine ass now. The night’s not a total waste.” He doesn’t stop his forward motion and continues to gather foot speed, passing both Breck and Flamingo, holding both biceps even with his collar bone. He rams into two of the three redneck teen males, since the third redneck teen male had sidestepped out from a perfect target range of the star defensive linebacker on the LSHS football team.
Each two rednecks tumble backward and then hit a dirty beige tinted concrete wall on the rear rim of each cowboy hat and then each one both ricochets off the solid wall and comes back into Cinco’s open biceps.
Cinco hugs the pair of two flying bodies with a loud grunt, wrapping both arms around the tall teens, crashing an individual naked throat muscle with a bare hand and a loud growl.
Flamingo sprints ahead with a yell and then leaps into the air, landing down at the back spine on the third redneck teen male. They both stumble down and then roll across the slick and sticky hard floor, sliding toward the exit door.
Breck back steps from the two fights and then sidesteps, moving backward to Lacey, slipping next to her on the wall, cuddling her into his chest and watches the fight.
Cinco continues to choke each redneck as each redneck swiftly jerks away from Cinco. Then all three upright bodies shuffle side to side and finally fall down onto the hard tile in a pile of arms and legs. Cinco rolls sideways with a growl and then tosses the second redneck teen from his chest. The second redneck teen rolls over the floor and hits the wall, wiggling side to side, moaning in pain and suffering. He is out of the fight.
The first redneck stands upright on both kneecaps, slamming a fist down into Cinco’s jaw.
Cinco quickly rolls to the side and then twists sideways, standing upright on both hands and boot toes, growling with fury. He leaps into the air from the floor and slams his entire body into the second redneck.
The second redneck flies away from Cinco and slams into the side wall, moaning with pain, slipping down the wall and sits down on the floor out of the fight.
Flamingo straddles the chest on the third redneck, slamming a fist down into the jaw line. The rear skull on the third redneck hits the hard tile and then bleeds blood, creating a dizzy painful headache.
A fourth tall and ugly redneck teen male with pale skin tone enters through the exit door which is also used for cigarette smokers and swiftly races ahead with a growl toward Flamingo. The fourth redneck shoves Flamingo away from his friend with great force and equal surprise. 
Flamingo stumbles backward and loses his footing, landing down onto his back spine a few feet from love birds Breck and Lacey.
On the opposite wall, Breck continues to cuddle Lacey for protection, reaching out with an arm, fending off any fist action from his girl. Then Breck drops down on a kneecap, extending a hand to Flamingo, assisting his brother to stand upright on top of the floor.
The fourth redneck quickly dashes ahead from the exit door with a snarl and target Flamingo.
Cinco leaps up from the floor and then dives both his head and his chest into an upright body on the second redneck. They connect and twirl in a set of circles like a pair of ballerinas, falling down onto the hard tile. Cinco rears back and then slams a fist into the cheekbone on the second redneck, knocking the teen male unconscious.
The first redneck slowly stands upright from the floor with a loud growl and advances in slow movement toward Cinco.
On the floor, Flamingo slowly stands upright from the floor and then wobbles to the left and then to the right on a pair of weak legs while blinking both eyelids open and clears a dizzy skull. He ducks down toward the floor out target range from the flying fist.
The first redneck dives through the air and hits Flamingo but instead he impacts his own face, chest, stomach, and legs into the hard flooring while moaning in pain.
Breck shuffles ahead and then stomps a boot heel on the back spine on the fourth redneck. The fourth redneck drops down for the final count of the cowboy match while chuckling with fun.
Flamingo sits uprights from an ass to kneecap stance then runs on his pair of flips flops like a wild animal at the first redneck attaching to his chest as they both slam like a wrecking ball into the concrete wall. The redneck loses his cowboy hat smashing his rear skull into the hard wall then slowly drops his dizzy skull and weak body onto the cool tile.
A set of adult males from the movie house management department appear and stand in a row, elbowing each other with chuckle while watching the active cowboy action until all four redneck teen males are finally subdued by the three teenage triplets. They move ahead and then grab an arm and a leg hauling each un-welcomed troublemaker out from the Movie House, dumping each into the rear truck bed of leader’s pickup truck.
Inside the side wing near the bathrooms, Cinco jogs to Flamingo and then stops, extending a hand, helping Flamingo upright from the tile.
Flamingo chuckles and wipes the flowing blood from a busted lip.
Cinco cleans off the blood from a left nostril with the back of his hand. “Some fine asses.”
Flamingo wipes the bloody lip with a laugh. “Some fine assholes.” They chuckle with a nod.
One of the cute food concession employees moves ahead and then stops, standing in front of Flamingo and Cinco, offering a cold beverage.
They accept the beverages with a smile.
Flamingo grins at the pretty employee, “Hey, sweetheart. Can I get a large diet soda for my mama inside our movie theater?”
“Shore, darling! I’ll be right back in a jiff,” she winks and then spins around, dashing back to the refreshment counter for the item.
On the side wall inside the lobby, Lacey races ahead and leaves behind Breck and stops, standing in front of Cinco and Flamingo, tossing both arms in the air and winks at Flamingo, “Yeehaw! You were great, Flamingo. You looked like a super hero out there twirling your body in a circle, without a flying cap, and whacking your feet on that big guy like that marital art person.”
Breck dashes ahead with a sneer and stops, leaning over, hugging Lacey into his chest and talks down into her hair roots. “I kicked him down to the floor, Lacey. Didn’t you see me stomp his butt-hole? He passed out into unconsciousness and couldn’t even move his eyelids.”
The refreshment employee returns and holds a large cold beverage, presenting to Flamingo with a smile, returning back to her job.
The mobile telephone sounds with a rock and roll song.
Lacey whips out her personal mobile telephone from a pocket without looking at the telephone number, answering with a smile. “Yes sir!” She removes the phone and disconnects the telephone call, looking up to see Breck. “That’s my daddy on the phone. He asked me to return back home. I gotta go. Gimme a kiss,” she stands on her tippy toes and quickly kisses Breck, pulling back with a wink. “Bye, honey pie. I’ll see ya’ll at the church auditorium tomorrow morning,” she back steps from Breck and then races through the lobby, exiting the movie house.



Sunday September 7th


Hot temperatures with bright sunlight
12:17pm
Dunlap home


Two of the triplet brothers nosily scrape an individual boot tip against granite step in front of Aurora, moving up toward the raised porch on top of the front façade at the Dunlap home while creating an annoying sound inside each one of her eardrums.
Flamingo quietly pads in his pair of nasty and worn flip flops behind Aurora’s fat ass.
The double doors swing open launching Breck and Cinco straight down the central hall that runs from the entrance door toward a pair of glass patio doors, viewing the swimming pool, before turning into the third oval-shaped archway in the dining room for lunch, after the church preaching with the Dunlap dynasty.
Cinco cuts to the side and then slides his body between the cubby hold underneath the staircase that leads up into the second level floor and slows his pace, strolling beside Aurora.
Breck stops with a smile.
Aurora almost stops and smashes with a soft curse into the back spine on tall teen Breck, swiftly drifting toward the side, avoiding the body collision.
Flamingo sharply turns and avoids a body slam into Breck, reaching out, grabbing onto Aurora’s shoulders, maneuvering her toward the cubby hole and then stops beside Cinco.
Aurora spins around to see the closed front door.
Breck dashes ahead from the front door and then closes up the loose huddle around Aurora, leaning down, sneering into her face, “Bitch.”
Aurora gasps and then frowns at Breck. “Aunt Aurora is the proper formal noun which should be used while simultaneously respecting your elders, which is me.”
“That dude was an asshole.” Cinco leans over and sneers into the eardrum on Aurora.
Aurora gasps in shock and then smirks with a nod, crossing both arms, narrowing her eyelashes at each teen. “O! It was ya’ll. You, boys sabotaged Arie’s first social date in fifteen years. I should’ve figured as much. Seth didn’t provide any verbal specifications of the terse cancellation. But…”
“We, three boys quickly and quietly stopped a bastard that had been sent inside our house by a bitch.” Flamingo leans over and then growls into her other eardrum.
“Don’t you dare threaten me with your ill-breed hick manners, boy!” Aurora sneers back at Flamingo.
Breck winks with a chuckle at Aurora. “I don’t threaten you, but your seventy-three-thousand-dollar luxury Cadillac vehicle, Aunt Aurora.”
Flamingo smiles, “The luxury sports utility vehicle seats eight passengers comfortably with 45 cubic feet of rear storage space for nine pieces of luggage and 137.4 cubic feet behind the first row for big feet and bigger asses with towing capacity up to 7,600 pounds for your new speed boat.”
Cinco growls, “And the SUV gets 20 miles per gallon city flying or 23 miles per gallon on the Interstate 65 possessing 403 horsepower with a V8 engine…”
“…along with your monthly payment of eight hundred dollars and sixty-two cents, Aunt Bitch.” Breck grins.
She gasps in shock, turning to frown at each teen in silence.
“A Bama public school is excellent form of education, since Breck has learned a set of good hacker skills in his advanced computer class and his fourth year machine shop,” Cinco smiles.
Flamingo chuckles and then growls, “You are to be very nice and cordial to our mama starting today at lunchtime until suppertime to make up for your lousy sister judgment. No sneering. No word play. No rolling eyeballs. No vile finger gestures.”
“You’re nothing but a trio of stupid cowboys. I’m informing my husband right now.” Aurora pushes against the chest on Breck but doesn’t shift the tall and young teen male.
Breck leans back over with a sour frown into her worried brow. “And we will be informing Grandpa and Grandma Dunlap along with Grandmother and Granddaddy Balegreen who happen to be present today for the Sunday afternoon lunch meal about your poor social skills, Aunt Aurora,” he growls. “Lest ye forget here! Granddaddy Balegreen is much more overprotective then us about our mother’s safety after losing his son, an only child, and making mama and us his only blood-kin living relatives in the entire world.”
Aurora frowns and then nods in silence acceptance.
Breck back steps from Aurora in silence. 
Aurora scoots around Breck and Flamingo, swiftly pacing down the rest of the hallway, entering the dining room for the lunch meal. 
Inside the reception room, Flamingo turns with a sneer and watches her fat ass priss into the dining room. “You should’ve let me smash a body part, Breck.”
Breck shakes his blonde skull and watches her fat ass priss into the dining room also, saying with a smile. “Naw. She learned a valuable lesson today. Aunt Aurora ain’t never messing in our mama’s life anymore.” He moves ahead with a smile and leads his two brothers toward the dining room for the lunchtime meal which has been prepared by his Grandma Dunlap.
At 12:36 pm, inside the dining Room setting, every person is seated at the square shaped dining room table in front of an empty plate with a growling belly.
Granddaddy Robert Earl Balegreen is the grandfather to the triplets, not Aurora’s children Asa and Alina. He and his wife Iredell are often guests to the Dunlap home on Sunday afternoons as Arie is the only living relative plus her three triplets for the elderly couple.
Robert Earl ends the heavenly prayer for the noon time lunch in a loud voice. “Amen!” He opens the eyelids and then accepts a large platter of meatloaf, placing two slices on top of his empty plate, passing the food tray to Aurora. He picks up the proper utensils but stares at each triplet with a smile. “Lads, I have re-arranged each one of your school schedules to coincide with my working hours at Redstone Point. The beauty of this project is that you can start your special assignment tomorrow morning precisely at ten…”
“What special assignment?” Cinco mouth spits an assortment of flying chewed meat partials across his plate and the nicely pressed beige tablecloth, wearing a puzzled brow, sitting next to his mother Arie.
Arie reaches down with a stern face and then quickly slaps the kneecap on Cinco for a set of rude table manners.
Cinco chuckles and chews at the same time from his mother’s tender girly slap on his body part.
“Flamingo lives inside the AP classroom. How can you re-arrange his class, his schedule, and his classroom for a special assignment, Granddaddy Balegreen?”
Breck stuffs an entire buttered biscuit into his open mouth, chewing with good southern gentleman manners, without commenting.
“Naw,” Flamingo eats and chews a forkful of cheese-covered mashed white potatoes.
“I guess you spend too much time with your little cowgirl and need some special services, Flamingo.” Aurora sits beside Breck and stares with an evil grin at Flamingo.
Flamingo sits across the dining room table from Aurora and beside his mother Arie as dictated by Grandma Dunlap during each meal.
Flamingo mouth spits an array of chewed food particles over his plate and the beige tablecloth, staring at Aurora. “Breck has the b….”
Arie reaches down with a stern face and quickly slaps the kneecap on Flamingo while anticipating one of his vile curse words. She sits between Flamingo and Cinco on purpose as she is always correcting the ill-breed teenage social table manners on both of her sons. She never enjoys the Sunday afternoon meal.
“Babe,” Flamingo grins with food particles between his teeth at Aurora and then chews the rest of the solid contents with an open mouth while chuckling out loud.
Aurora sneers at Flamingo in silence.
Arie reaches down with a stern face and swiftly slaps around palm into the kneecap again.
“Tell us about your cowgirl, Breck!” Aurora turns and smirks to Breck.
Reese Dunlap is grandmother of the triplets and Aurora’s children Asa and Alina. She sits at the queen’s end of the dining room table, staring at the nose profile on her younger daughter. “Don’t be so nosy, Aurora.”
Breck turns to view Aurora and chews with particles food between his teeth in silence. Flamingo and Cinco chuckle at their entertaining triplet brother.
At the head of the table, Robert Earl enjoys sitting in the spot providing order, observing his three grandsons. “Lads,” he looks up from the plate and fakes a smile trying to divert the upcoming dog fight at the dining room table, as usual. “For the first time in Lacy Springs High School history, Principal Marshall has decided to take the senior class tradition project for the six-weeks semester ending before the holiday schedule and roll it into one big individual project combining the academic courses of world history, world literature, and earth science for one grade and one purpose,” he reaches over and grabs, sipping and swallows the sweet tea beverage with a smile.
His wife Iredell Balegreen sits in-between her husband Robert Earl and Breck, turning with a frown to see the nose profile on her husband. “When did you arrange this, Robert Earl?”
“Are spelling words included too, Granddaddy?” Cinco chuckles with an open mouth of chewed food while giving his Grandfather Balegreen a hard time during the lunch meal for bringing up any type of school activity but the winning football game on Friday night.
“Spelling! Are you really required to perform a series of spelling tests as a senior in high school?” Aurora looks up with a puzzled brow to see Flamingo.
Cinco, Flamingo, and Breck chuckle out loud around the food table.
“Yup! For example, what does the word, b..i..t..c..h, spell, Aunt Aurora?” Flamingo smiles with more chewed food particles between his teeth at his nasty rude aunt.
Aurora hisses at Flamingo.
Arie reaches down with a stern face and slaps the kneecap on Flamingo again. 
Beside her mother Aurora, her oldest daughter Asa looks up to see the jaw line on her mother and then spells the new nasty word out loud. “What is b..i…?”
Aurora lowers a chin and then whispers into Asa’s face. Asa nods in silence acceptance and then crunches on the carrot stick.
Jarvis Dunlap sits at the queen’s end on the dining room table which is usually reserved for the lady of the house. However, this particular Sunday lunch meal, Robert Earl and his wife Iredell are present for lunch. Robert Earl insists sitting at the head of the table as he is older than Jarvis and more independent and bossy.
Jarvis is the father of the two biological sisters Aurora and Arie.
Sisterly past history, the two girls had always clawed and hissed at each other, since Aurora had grown out her own set of canine teeth. Then, Aurora started biting at the age of three years old on Arie’s delicate finger pads. After that incident, their sisterly relationship continued to erode until Arie married and then moved out of the house.
Since the birth of her two children Asa and Alina and raising a young family in her later years while juggling a marriage and balancing a career with all the required wifely duties and motherly obligations, Aurora is one cranky bitch at each and every family social engagement.
Arie’s three sons have grown into their adult canines too and are three handsome teenage studs that grab the attention of each local high school female. And each teenage son exhibits an intimidating, ferocious, and vicious wolf puppy attitude while protecting their mother Arie when a vicious predator desires to sniff around their home den.
At the dining room, at the queen’s end, Jarvis deeply sighs and then clears a throat while making the food atmosphere more pleasant for everyone. “Last Friday night, the team showed off a great football game, boys. We clobbered the Patriots three years running now. You got off a beautiful pass in the fourth quarter, Flamingo, that won us the football game. What did the Coach say to you? Do you think we’ll finish out the playoffs in the first round?”
Breck turns and smiles answering for Flamingo, sharing the collection of football knowledge. “We’re definitely going to finish and win the playoffs in the first round, Grandpa. Coach thinks we might take it into the third round of playoffs as long as our defense holds up. We got a couple of injuries on the first string, but a set of good old junior students are more than willing to take some rough punches and hard rolls for the LSH football team.”
Arie gasps with the new information and then turns with a worried brow to see the nose profile on her son. “Cinco, you play as a defensive lineman on the first string team. Are you injured? Did you get harmed on Friday night’s game? Are you in pain? Do you need to go the doctor’s office? Why didn’t you tell me, honey?” She places her fork against the dinner plate and then reaches out, poking and touches his naked forearm with her tiny soft finger pads as she shifts all of her fingers over his dirty T-shirt.
Cinco giggles like a girl from her tender motherly touch and then swallows the lump of food, winking at Breck. “Naw, Mama. I ain’t hurt. But Flamingo squeals like a baby pig when sacked by one these gigantic and mean defensive tackles. You can hear his soprano holler all the way into the sideline bench.” He sniggers with Breck.
Flamingo tosses his uneaten rounded biscuit at Cinco.
Cinco catches the food item with one hand and a smile. “Thanks, dude!” He eats and chews the food item with an open mouth, winking at Aurora for shitty fun.
Arie reaches down with a stern face and slaps a kneecap on each son, exhaling with great annoyance at her three mischievous children.
At the head of the table, Robert Earl turns and frowns at his wife, “I did not arrange the project, Iredell. Principal Marshall merely contacted me with his brilliant proposal. The beauty of this project, each senior student can focus their academic attention during the upcoming week on the outline and preparation of their individual senior high project while I have merely confirmed my acceptance of the innovative work. I’m only offering my valuable academic services by volunteering my very limited professional time to help the three lads with their VIP project ensuring an outstanding grade, especially for Flamingo.”
At the queen’s end of the table, Jarvis swallows the food and then nods with a smile to Breck. “Ya’ll have a week off between September, the fifteenth, on Monday through the nineteenth on Friday, without a Friday night football game and no homework assignments due until the tail end of next week, boys. What say, we all go turkey hunting on about Wednesday afternoon? Once ya’ll are done with your Granddaddy Balegreen and his school project, of course.” He turns and winks at Cinco and Flamingo.
The three brothers smile with a nod at the prospect of no school sessions and killing something.
Aurora bounces a full fork of mashed potatoes near her frown. “No, Daddy. School and all academic studies are not dismissed even for some certain academically intolerable senior male teens. There is only a lag in the football schedule, because this is also the celebration week for the Battle of Redstone Re-enactment, the Mohawk horse race, and the Mint Julep Ball on next Saturday night, of course,” she turns and smiles at her older sister. “Are you going to skip the Mint Julep social dance, again, this year, Arie?”
“I’m still deciding.” Arie looks down with a stern face and stirs butter into her mashed potatoes.
“Flamingo doesn’t need assistance with any of his senior school projects, Robert Earl. He is one of the thirteen valedictorians among the senior class.” Iredell taps a sliced fresh lemon down into her sweet tea with a smile, sitting beside her husband and Breck.
“Principal Marshall has shared a set of opposing negative feedback about Flamingo’s status as one of the thirteen valedictorian material.” Robert Earl finishes the meatloaf patty and then smiles at Flamingo.
“Naw,” Flamingo continued to eat the food with an open mouth.
Reese looks and frowns at Flamingo. “Is your valedictory honor in jeopardy, dear?”
“Naw,” Flamingo swallows the sweet tea beverage.
Robert Earl smiles at his grandson. “Flamingo can always be one the many salutatorians.”
“That’s second best, isn’t that right, Flamingo?” Aurora stares and giggles at Flamingo.
Breck turns and frowns at the nose profile on his aunt Aurora. He is very glad that she is not attacking his mother Arie but nitpicking on his brother Flamingo instead. He eats and chews the meatloaf with an open mouth, leaning into her cheekbone, making ugly growling sounds.
Aurora turns and stares into the chewing mouth on Breck, gagging out loud, covering the cough of food with her napkin.
Cinco and Flamingo laugh out and mouth spit an array of chewed food particles over their plate and the beige tablecloth.
Arie reaches down with a stern face and slaps a kneecap on each son, exhaling with great annoyance at her three mischievous children.
“Are you second best, Flamingo?” Robert Earl chuckles at his grandson.
“Naw,” Flamingo turns and chews with an open mouth to see his granddaddy.
“I must agree with your Aunt Aurora. You seem to spend too much time with all of silly high school girls, Flamingo, which is affecting each one of your academic grades.” Robert Earl nods with a smile. “Next thing, you might not be receiving one of those anticipated college acceptance letters.”
“Flamingo only dates silly high school girls to f…to have fun.” Cinco chews with an open mouth. Arie reaches down with a stern face and slaps his kneecap twice. Cinco chuckles out loud for a second time, mouth spitting an array of food particles over his plate and the beige tablecloth.
“Maybe, the word arcology rings a familiar bell inside your church steeple, Flamingo,” Robert Earl smiles.
“Naw,” Flamingo eats and chews a forkful of green beans with an open mouth.
“Archeology deals with the study of ancient civilizations. That’s seems like an easy topic to complete, Flamingo.” Reese smiles and then sips, swallowing the sweet tea beverage.
“Arcology is both real farms and real cities that combine to build a hyper-structure of something.” Cinco reaches out with a smile for a bowl of glazed apples, walnuts and celery.
“Are you trying to define the word archeology, dear?” Reese frowns at the nose profile on Cinco.
“The beauty of this project, lads, your project counts for eighty-five percent of your comprehensive grade and also requires extensive research with me. I will be assisting you at my office complex on Redstone Point, tomorrow morning, at eleven sharp.” Robert Earl nods with a smile.
“What’s the topic of Flamingo’s special project, Granddaddy?” Cinco chuckles at his silly joke as each senior student must present a senior project or the student does not graduate high school.
“Ah! The subject matter has been selected by Principal Marshall and will be revealed tomorrow morning at eleven sharp inside in my private business office on Redstone Point,” Robert Earl smiles.
Iredell turns and frowns at her husband. “Don’t be so dramatic, Robert Earl. Just tell the boys their individual school assignment, so they can start working on their senior project tonight.”
Robert Earl shakes his balding blonde colored hair with a grin. “No can do, Iredell. Principal Marshall has selected each academic topic, individually. We have lots of work to do, lads.”



One week later…


Monday September 15th


Hot temperatures with bright sunshine
Redstone Point Military Base location
08:08 am
Business office setting 
   with Robert Earl Balegreen, PhD


The business office room measures forty feet long by forty-five feet wide with a ten-foot high ceiling, a very large work environment. The short entrance wall contains the center office door and is surrounded by rows of black tinted metal filing cabinets. The opposite side wall contains various framed maps that display numerous land masses of dirt, water, and the entire State of Alabama. One long wall displays a row of metal crossed glass windows showing off the green leaves on each swaying tree from the slight breeze.
The opposite long wall across from the windows displays a set of long tables that hold numerous stacks of paper and books. In front of the long wall of long table, there is dark wooden executive office desk which is filled with varied stacks of paper also and a matching stationary armchair.
In front of the executive office desk, three metal writing desks hold an individual desktop computer and keyboard with an individual metal rolling chair.
The business office door opens in silence.
Cinco enters first and sees a friendly face, shouting out loud, “Mama!” He rushes ahead toward his mother.
Arie stands in front of a long executive office desk and appears like a college student. Her long blonde colored hair is pulled back from her face showing a set of high cheekbones and a pair of pink-painted lipstick, wearing a pale blue short-sleeved T-shirt and a pair of faded destroyed blue jeans that are tucked into her favorite pair of pink and white cowgirl boots. She extends both arms with a smile for his invitation, standing next to Robert Earl.
Cinco stops and leans down, hugging his mother, pecking a light kiss on her cheekbone and pulls back with a smile in silence.
“Hi, sweetheart,” Arie smiles.
“Mama!” Flamingo enters the office environment next with a smile, quickly follows behind Cinco and halts beside Arie, reaching out, shoving Cinco away from their mother. She is too petite for more than one triplet to hug. He leans down and wraps both arms around her tiny body, lightly pecking her other dry cheekbone with a wet kiss. He is curious about her surprise visit to granddaddy’s office. He pulls back with a wink for fun.
“Flamingo, sweetheart.” Arie smiles.
Flamingo frowns. “Mama, why are you here at the Redstone Point today?”
Breck enters the office environment last with a gasp, dashes ahead and stops, standing beside his mother, jerking Flamingo away from Arie.
The office door slowly closes shut.
Flamingo back steps from his mother and stands beside Cinco.
Breck leans down and pecks her cheekbone, smelling her honeysuckle hair roots, pulling back with a smile. He back steps with a smile and stands beside Flamingo, staring at his mother.
“Breck, sweetheart.” She smiles. “Can’t I be concerned about my babies?”
“I don’t know that you had more kids, Mama. Wow. I’m a real dumb shit. But don’t you expect me to babysit the new brats.” Flamingo laughs with his two brothers.
Cinco reaches over and slaps Flamingo’s naked forearm with a grin. “Hush it, Flamingo!”
“Lads!” Robert Earl enters the office environment last with a bright smile of yellow tinted teeth, extending his hand, stopping in front of the three teen males.
The three brothers form a single row and then spin around with a smile, extending each hand to their granddaddy.
The office door slowly closes shut in silence.
Robert Earl shakes and then releases each hand, flinging the arm into the air with a smile. “Welcome to my laboratory!” He laughs with a nod and slaps the hand down onto his designer trousers. “I always wanted to say that to my new guests.” He continues to stand as two of the brothers back step from the row and then scatter around, investigating the new office room.
Breck stands in place and spins around, leaning down with a stern face into the smile on Arie. “You didn’t have to drive all the way out here to Redstone Point, Mama,” he stands upright with a nod in silence.
She clears a throat with a worried brow. “Yes, I did. I’m very concerned about the letter grade of ‘C’ that Flamingo had received from one of his academic classes.”
Flamingo moves ahead with a stern face and admires each different object inside his grandfather’s business office while rolling his eyeballs and then looks back down at the next object in silence.
Robert Earl continues to stand in place and stares with a worried brow at Arie. “Based on my small private chat with Principal Marshall about that incomprehensible academic report, which was entitled, Arcology…” 
“What?” She gasps with worry and stares at Robert Earl.
“Naw.” Flamingo continues to move around the business office with a sour frown, studying each object.
“That bad alphabetic letter grade C has seriously lowered your overall GPA, Flamingo.” Robert Earl moves ahead and scoots around his private office desk, pulling out the rolling chair, holding the back rest. He observes each grandson with a stern face in silence.
“Naw.” Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap and stops, studying each American Indian artifact. The artifacts range from a tiny triangular arrow to a large piece of earth cooking pottery that nicely resides in a set of arranged rows inside a glass curio.
Cinco continues to move around the private business office with a smile. “Flamingo only makes the letter grade of A. since our shared pre-kindergarten days.”
“Flamingo only receives an A-plus-plus, since our shared pre-kindergarten days.” Breck nods with a smile to Arie.
“I’m corrected.” Cinco continues to move around the room with a laugh.
“I’m impressed.” Robert Earl sits down in the rolling chair with a smile.
“I’m pissed.” Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap and moves around the business office, viewing more objects.
The office door opens in silence.
A Redstone Point military officer in a green tinted uniform enters the private business office and then stops, standing at military attention without a saluting hand, since Robert Earl is not a military officer. She does not smile but stares at the elderly man at the office desk. “Dr. Balegreen.”
The office door closes shut in silence. 
Robert Earl points to the new female with a smile. “Hello, Sadie. This is Colonel Sadie Mae Pommel. She is my work supervisor, who oversees my work here on Redstone Point.” He points around the room at each moving triplet with a grin. “These tall handsome lads are my three grandsons and their lovely mother and my daughter, Arie.”
Sadie Mae wears a pair of shiny black laced boots and a little cloth hat on her brown colored pixie hairstyle turning and nods to each grandson in silence.
Robert Earl smiles at Arie. “Sadie is a bot geek and loves a computer like Cinco.”
“I wanted to announce a new status meeting within the hour, sir.” Sadie Mae stares and still standing at attention with a stern face.
Robert Earl frowns, “Another one!”
“Yes sir. Your presence is required in the meeting, Dr. Balegreen.” Sadie Mae stares and still standing at attention with a stern face.
Robert Earl flips a hand near his frown with a nod. “All right! All right! Thank you,” he scoots around his office desk with a smile and stands in front of Arie. “Arie, I appreciate your concerns and support. But I want to reassure you that the lads are in my good hands. They’ll do a good job and make a good grade on their new senior high assignment. You’ll be very proud of them, that I promise.” He reaches out and gently touches the naked forearm on Arie, pointing to Sadie Mae. “Arie, I bet you’ve never toured Redstone Point. This US government installation is a fascinating piece of Bama history. And Sadie, she would really enjoy providing you with a personal escort. How does that sound, Arie? And there’s plenty of soy milk in the cafeteria also.”
Arie smiles as she doesn’t drink coffee, only soy milk. “O! I’m here to offer motherly support but I don’t want to be in the way while my three boys work on their individual school assignment.” She spins around and smiles at Sadie Mae, “All right! I guess it would be nice seeing Redstone Point for the first time.”
“First time! Have you not ever been here before, Mama?” Cinco spins around from the curio and frowns at his mother.
Arie turns and smiles at Cinco, “No, sweetheart. I’m a cowgirl, not a solider.”
Sadie Mae thumbs back over her collar bone to the closed door with a stern face. “We can begin the tour at Snack Shop, ma’am,” she sharply spins around and moves ahead toward the closed door, opening the door, holding it for Arie.
Arie moves ahead and exits the business office in silence with a smile.
They disappear into the lighted hallway.
The office door closes shut in silence.
Inside the business office, Cinco dashes ahead and follows the back spine on Arie to the closed door while desiring to track Arie back home to the farm, not down the hallway into the Snack Shop. “Mama!”
In front of the executive office desk, “Cinco, come back here!” Robert Earl stands in place and waves an arm with a sour frown, pointing at the row of three rolling chairs in front of the three separate writing desks with a computer laptop. “Pull up here, lads.”
The three brothers spin around and move ahead, sitting down in one of the metal rolling chairs in order of Cinco, Breck, and Flamingo. Each one slouched down between the plastic cheap set and the two side arms on the rolling desk chair while staring with a stern face at their granddaddy. 
Robert Earl continues to stand in front of his executive desk and clears a throat, reaching around, straightening his designer jacket and necktie with a smile. “Now, I have enough time for my important high school lecture, before my VIP meeting. Currently, I am at work and paid by Uncle Sam. But I am here to assist. Currently, Principal Marshall has created this unique idea which holds three parts inside three individual envelopes while preparing and completing your final project. The beauty of this project…”
Inside the front rolling chair, Cinco leans over with a smile and a whisper into the cheekbone on Breck. “He likes to use that string of words a lot, but I prefer, the beauty of love,” he chuckles with Breck.
“…and each one of you holds the answer for your individual senior project assignment while Flamingo will combine all the three papers together and flow the project into a neat presentation, much like, the missing part of a triangle.”
“Naw.” Flamingo sits with an ankle bone across the kneecap tapping his white tinted sealed envelope against his naked ankle bone, swaying side to side inside the rolling chair.
“Flamingo, you must also report on the final conclusion with all three of the combined findings from each brother for your final oral presentation to the AP class.” Robert Earl nods with a stern face to Flamingo.
“That’s easy, orally speaking,” Flamingo smiles at Robert Earl.
Cinco laughs. “Oral anything is easy with sex.”
“Hush it, Cinco.” Breck leans over with a grin and pops the bicep on Cinco’s bicep.
Robert Earl nods. “Lads, did you bring your envelope?” Each brother holds up a white tinted seal envelope near a smile. He nods. “Open your envelope, Cinco. Please read your letter which has been assigned by Principal Marshall.”
Cinco rips the letter perfectly in half like a toddler rather than opening the sealed lip like an adult. He chuckles with Breck as Flamingo rolls his eyeballs and looks down at the clean floor inside the office room. Cinco drags the two torn ends out of the halved envelope as the two ripped open envelope drops down to the tile, reading out loud with a grin. “What is coal?”
“What’s coal?” Flamingo swiftly stands upright from his chair and then leans over the lap on Breck, reaching out with a long arm, snatching up one half of the torn letter out from the hand on Cinco. He swiftly brings the torn paper into his eyeballs seeing the English word coal and then looks up with a sour frown to see Robert Earl. “That’s your special assignment, Cinco. Granddaddy, what the f…”
“Southern gentlemen do not curse.” Robert Earl nods with a smile to Flamingo.
“Flamingo is a tough little boy, not a gentle big man.” Cinco swings around and studies the laptop spotting a game icon, pressing the button with a smile. “Granddaddy, can I play an electronic game on your office laptop computer while working on my school assignment, of course?”
Robert Earl turns and nods at the rear skull on Cinco. Cinco presses button on the keyboard as a new electronic game fills the computer screen. Robert Earl frowns at Breck. “I do not understand. Why is not each one of you inside the AP classroom? You are a set of triplets.”
Flamingo reaches over and presses an index finger into the smooth cheekbone on his brother Breck, laughing out loud, “Because, he and he is a dumbass.”
Robert Earl frowns. “Breck, please, read out loud your personal senior letter which has been assigned by Principle Marshall.”
Breck smoothly opens the envelope and then slowly pulls out the letter, slapping it open with a long pause. He turns and winks at Flamingo. “What are dinosaurs?” Then his mobile telephone sings with a soft musical scale. His eyeballs look down and view a new text Lacey.
“Is this a f…funny ding-dong joke on me? What are dinos? Geez! A fourth grade with bad breath can answer that question. Granddaddy?” Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap in frustration at his grandfather.
Robert Earl turns and smiles to his last grandson. “Flamingo, please, announce your high school senior assignment which has been assigned by Principal Marshall.”
Flamingo opens the lip, pulling off the letter, dropping the outer envelope on the tile floor. He studies the words and reads out loud with a puzzled brow. “What is topo-morphology?”
“Glad, I didn’t get that f…funny foreign s…stupid word for my special p…project.” Cinco continues to play on the computer game and jerks the gear switch to the left and then to the right while racing a red electronic car around the screen.
Breck types out and then texts Lacey a love poem grinning like a love sick hick.
Robert Earl smiles at Flamingo. “The word topography comes from the Greek language. The Greek word topos means a place and the word grapho means to write.
“Topography is a field study of planetary science comprising surface shapes and features. That’s what astronauts do, Grandfather.” Flamingo rattles the paper near his frown.
He nods. “Yes, you are correct in the literally sense. And thank goodness for the Europeans as the Americans kept one fingernail up their butt-hole while shitting turds down on all science.” Cinco laughs and continues to play the electronic game.
Breck laughs and types out a new text message for Lacey.
Flamingo frowns with confusion.
Robert Earl nods to Flamingo. “Topology is the practice of detailing the features of a relatively small locality by means of surveying. The best known USGS maps are 1:24,000 scale topographic maps…”
“Which is also known as 7.5 minute quadrangles,” Flamingo nods.
He nods with a smile. “You are correct, again, Flamingo. The second part of your high school senior assignment is geo-morphology, which is a real word for you, Cinco.”
Cinco laughs and continues to play the electronic game.
Breck chuckles and continues to type out a text message for Lacey on his mobile telephone.
Flamingo sneers with the insult coming from his grandfather.
Robert Earl nods. “The word geo means ‘earth.’ The word morph means ‘to form.’ And the word logos mean ‘to study.’ When you triplet the words, it is a scientific study of landforms and the processes that shape them.”
“Do you mean from something into a football shape, Granddaddy?” Cinco races his red tinted electronic car towards the finish line within the electronic game.
“Hush it, Flamingo.” Breck smiles and reads the new text from Lacey without actually hearing the lecture from his granddaddy.
Flamingo exhales with annoyance at the entire senior high project in silence.
Robert Earl gently taps on his chest with a chuckle. “You might suspect that I had an upper hand in your high school senior assignment project. When you combine all the three or triplet Greek words, you create me, who is a topo-morphologist. I seek to understand the history and dynamics of each landform and then predict a future change through field observations, physical experiments and technology modeling.”
“I’m speechless, Granddaddy.” Cinco smiles and continues to play on the keyboard of the computer lap.
Breck smiles and continues to type a new text message for Lacey on his mobile telephone.
Flamingo frowns down at the business letter on beige paper which contains his new senior high project assignment that his worth eighty-five percent of grade in the three subjects of history, literature, and science courses, exhaling with worry.
Robert Earl nods. “Years ago, I collected my data by means of surveying by normal eyesight plus a physical pick axe and a hard shovel. Now days, I use the latest technology of digital topographic that shows a set of big and small map-like graphics in vivid rich colors. The hue of electric blue represents water. Shaded details for red hue signify heat. The color of golden yellow designates soil.” He points at the side wall with a smile. “On my side wall, there is a 30-arc-second grid of a printed electronic map that reveals vital data for many scientific, technical, and other computer applications even when not used directly for studying topology for perspective views of any terrain on earth, anywhere in the world.”
“Good job, Granddaddy.” Cinco smiles and continues to play the electronic game on the computer laptop
“Ditto, Granddaddy,” Breck smiles and continues to read the new text message from Lacey.
Flamingo looks up with a stern face and stares at his grandfather in silence.
“The beauty of this project, topo-morphology,” Robert Earl nods. “This is my contribution to earth science which links quantum mechanics and topology creating a new state of matter which physicists have already proven. In the 1970s, a young physicist in the Soviet Union named Villi Efoney…”
“He phony, that’s his real name, Granddaddy.” Cinco laughs and continues to play the electronic game on the computer laptop
“Hush it, Granddaddy,” Breck smiles and continues to read the new text message from Lacey.
Flamingo stares with a stern face at his grandfather in silence.
Robert Earl nods. “Villi Efoney showed the world that quantum objects cannot form into pairs but can form into triplets...”
“That’s us, Granddaddy,” Cinco smiles and continues to play the electronic game on the computer laptop.
“That’s right, Granddaddy,” Breck smiles and continues to read the new text message from Lacey.
Flamingo continues to stare with a stern face at his grandfather in silence.
Robert Earl nods. “Villi Efoney states: when an object is squeezed, stretched, and pummeled, but not torn, the shape retains constant heat and light which creates a new piece of physical matter on planet Earth. Do you understand the scientific conceptual theory for your senior high research project, Flamingo?”
“Deeply profound, Granddaddy.” Cinco smiles and continues to play the electronic game on the computer laptop.
“Deep stuff, Granddaddy,” Breck smiles and continues to read the new text message from Lacey on his mobile telephone.
“What the f…?” Flamingo mouth spits his salvia over the floor in frustration.
Robert Earl frowns. “No cursing is portrayed by a gentleman of the New South.” 
The business office door opens in silence.
Sadie Mae enters the room and then stops a few feet from the door.
The door slowly closes shut. She announces with a stern face. “Dr. Balegreen, we are ready for your presentation at the meeting.”
Robert Earl slowly stands upright from the office chair and stares with a smile at each grandson. “Please excuse me for the hour. I admit I’m very happy to assist with your high school senior project, lads. And do try to remember this? The beauty of this project, the final senior project is eighty-five percent with a single academic alphabetic letter grade in the three subjects of literature, science, and history.” He scoots the chair backwards and then sidesteps with a smile, moving ahead toward his supervisor.
Sadie Mae smartly spins around and opens the door, holding it for Robert Earl. Robert Earl exits his business office first. Sadie Mae follows the back spine on Robert Earl.
Inside the business office, Cinco smiles and continues to play the electronic game on the computer laptop, “Fine and dandy, Granddaddy.”
Breck smiles and continues to read the new text message from Lacey on his mobile telephone. “Okay, Granddaddy!”
Flamingo stares down at the letter with the funky words with worry.
Inside the first rolling office chair, Cinco continues to play on the laptop with a smile. “How did you go from arcology which is the study of farm farts to the study of land butt-holes, which is called topo-morphology, Flamingo?”
Inside the third rolling office chair, “Bad choice! Bad luck! Bad draw!” Flamingo spins around with a sour frown inside the chair and types on the keyboard searching for information on topo-morphology.
“Bad boy!” Cinco smiles and continues to play the electronic game on the computer laptop.
“Dumb boy!” Breck smiles and continues to read the new text message from Lacey on his mobile telephone.
Inside the third rolling office chair, Flamingo finds some internet information and then reads out loud for each pair of eardrums. “Nils Baas at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology….”
“Research it and then print it and then finish it coming from the computer, bro.” Inside the second chair, Breck chuckles at the smooth words from Lacey without working on his personal senior high project.
Flamingo stares at the computer screen with annoyance. His two brothers, each have received an easy research paper with a fourth grade topic. Flamingo reads out loud with a frown. “Nils states the exact same non-sense here. The field of topology is the new branch of math for discovering a brand new form of matter within the physics field. The bonds of topology within quantum mechanics are entirely unworldly…”
“Like an alien…” Cinco sniggers and continues to play the electronic game on the computer laptop.
“Unlike Flamingo,” Breck smiles and continues to read the new text message from Lacey on his mobile telephone.
Flamingo continues to frown and read out from the computer screen. “The ordinary 3-D matter like tapping on a desk table is confined to three dimensions. But the new topology shape within a quantum vacuum exists entirely in a different set of dimension…”
“…the fourth dimension…” Cinco smiles and continues to play the electronic game on the computer laptop.
Breck smiles and continues to read the new text message from Lacey on his mobile telephone in silence.
Flamingo shakes his backwards baseball cap with a sour frown and stares at the computer screen. “This shit is beyond my neurons.”
“…the fifth dimension…” Cinco laughs and continues to play the electronic game on the computer laptop.
Breck smiles and continues to read the new text message from Lacey on his mobile telephone in silence.
“The outer space dimension, ain’t that right, Flamingo?” Cinco laughs and continues to play the electronic game on the computer laptop.
Breck smiles and continues to read the new text message from Lacey on his mobile telephone in silence.
Flamingo exhales with worry and continues to read out the information his computer screen. “Here, we go. The bonds between atoms. I do know what an atom is.”
“Adam comes from the Holy Bible, Flamingo.” Cinco smiles and continues to play the electronic game on the computer laptop.
Breck smiles and continues to read the new text message from Lacey on his mobile telephone in silence.
Flamingo reads out loud and then stops, writing down hand written notes with his number two pencil on the paper notebook. “The atoms within the topology field are effected when movement of the electrons are governed by an insulator which formats into a new element on the periodic table. This is some heavy scientific stuff, which is beyond my normal brain cells.”
Cinco smiles and continues to play on the computer laptop. “I’m glad Flamingo lives for this shit. Breck, why does our granddaddy call us, lads?”
“He’s Irish.” Breck stares down at old text message from Lacey.
Flamingo reads out loud from the computer screen. “The new state of matter is governed by a set of new rules of entangling, generating, and exploiting the triplet particles into one massive application. What kind of application?” He turns and smiles at the cheekbone on Cinco. “The sur-name of Balegreen comes from the country of Belgium name. It is not an Irish sur-name.” 
Breck looks up from the screen on the mobile telephone and turns with a frown to see Flamingo. “Granddaddy Balegreen used to possess dull reddish colored hair in his youth. Now, he is hundred percent gray hair color. The reddish hair is a Scottish trait which is connected to our Irish heritance and that comes directly from our dad’s side of the family tree, Flamingo.”
Flamingo frowns, “Naw. You are talking about the wrong side of the family tree, Breck. We possess a head of blonde hair like our Grandmother Dunlap, whose family members had immigrated to America from the country of sun-beaching Italy,” he returns and reads out loud the words on the computer screen. What is meso-phytic?”
Inside the first rolling chair, Cinco exits out from the electronic ion and then types on the keyboard, surfing through the hard drive for fun. “All of that stuff is not important to me.”
Flamingo reads out loud while trying to understand the information. “Meso-phytic is an ecoregion. I have never heard of word or the concept or the name, an ecoregion.”
Breck frowns down at his mobile telephone and spins around, facing the laptop computer. He places his mobile telephone on top of his desk, reaching down, typing on the keyboard, surfing the internet out of boredom. Lacey had gotten caught playing on her personal mobile telephone and had to sign off and start on her senior project assignment also. He smiles. “Spell that word, ecoregion, Flamingo.”
Flamingo spells out loud with a sour frown. “One word, it starts with the letter of E. E.c.o.r.e.g.i.o.n.”
“E..i..e..i..o! Cinco laughs and continues to poke around the hard drive, opening up each electronic file, reading the boring information.
Breck reads out loud with a puzzled brow the new information on his computer laptop.
“Ecoregion is a collection of plains and hills known for its rich diversity of plants and animals due from unglaciated refugia. What does that entire sentence mean? What is a refugia?”
“I’m quitting all of my AP subjects and class.” Flamingo tosses both his hands in the air in frustration. This senior paper project will ruin his perfect letter grade of A in every single academic subject while handing over the royal crown to Retta Jean, since her granddaddy isn’t a task master like Robert Earl.
Breck reads out loud with a puzzled brow the computer screen. “Refugia is…are an ecoregion climate that varies from either a humid mildly cool climate to a sub-tropical climate in the southern region of the USA.”
Flamingo exhales with frustration and reads out loud the new information on the computer screen. “There are thirty diverse types of tree flora which can be located at a single site, including, but not limited to, a rich undergrowth of ferns, fungi, herbaceous plants, shrubs, small trees, and patches of glade, heath, shale, peat bog, and cranberry bog. Man, I’m going to be here all day and night just leave my supper meal at the door.”
Breck chuckles and stands upright from his rolling chair, stretching out his limbs, reaching down into his blue jeans pocket with a smile.
Inside the third rolling chair, Flamingo exhales with frustration and then scribbles down the key words with his pencil on the paper notebook while mumbling. “The deep enriched soils in a sheltered topography with a few coves and some low-elevation slopes are found near the water streams that contain a rich herb layer in an un-disturbed area where trees grow very large that include sugar maple…” 
Three warm fingers snake across the collar bone on Flamingo as and a metal dull tip touches naked his throat.
Breck leans down and bad breathes into the eardrum on Flamingo. “Use the thumb drive and copy all your data from the computer laptop, Middle Child,” he stands upright with a laugh.
Inside the first rolling chair, Cinco claps for attention and then jabs a finger at the screen. “Hey! Lookie over here on my computer screen! I spy and found Colonel Sadie Mae Pommel’s classified personal file here on granddaddy’s computer hard drive. Let’s see what secrets I can steal. She is born in the month of November.”
Flamingo accepts the thumb drive and then leans down, sliding the electronic media piece into the side slot on the computer laptop with a sour frown. “She is a scorpion.”


Balegreen Cow Ranch location
Hot temperatures with parted clouds of sunshine
2nd floor level location
Pig Pen setting
06:33 pm


Inside the Pig Pen room, the green tinted mobile telephone rests on top of the small table surface and sounds with a loud and deep fake duck call indicating a new text message on Flamingo’s personal telephone. His eyeballs slice down at the familiar ugly icon and as his mind quickly decides to ignore for a fourth time within the last hour from Loser Lacey for some very odd reason.
His eyeballs return back to one of the four open school textbooks resting across his stomach, a left thigh, a right thigh, and over both his of flat kneecaps. He reads and then works on the outline for his topo-morphology senior class research paper.
The green tinted mobile telephone sounds with a loud and deep duck call again indicating a new text message on Flamingo’s personal telephone. His eyeballs slice down at the familiar ugly icon again and as his hand reaches over and grabs the telephone.
The school textbook on his left thigh swiftly falls off the leg and then lands down onto the soft mat floor without a sound.
He quickly types out a new text message to Loser Lacey with a low growl: FUCK OFF!!!
Two seconds later, the red tinted mobile telephone sounds with a loud and high fake gunshot indicating a new text message on Breck’s personal telephone. His eyeballs slice down at the familiar pretty icon and as his hands grabs the telephone.
His mind reads the vile message that comes from his girl Lacey and looks up with a sneer to see his brother Flamingo. “Did you text and tell my girl to fuck off, bro?”
“Fuck off, Breck!” Flamingo continues to stare down at the page inside the textbook as the textbook on the right thigh falls down and then lands on top of the soft mat floor in silent. He looks up with a smile. “And I told you the same message too. Now, you, two lovey-dovey birdies are really a pair of fucking dumb shit hicks.”
Breck frowns.
Cinco stops writing on the single sheet of paper about the subject of coal and then looks up with a stern face to see Flamingo.
Breck exhales with a sour frown. “What’s your damage, bro? I’m being a nice southern gentleman while allowing you to help my southern belle with all her academic homework assignments. You know in certain global cultures, a guy doesn’t allow their girl near any type of wild man, least you get a beating or a bleeding or a bruising.”
Flamingo sneers at Breck as the textbook on the leg thigh lands down on the floor in silence. He wiggles both numb legs and ten toe bones into life. “That is a very poor bodily threat to my person, man. Because, your southern belle is a dumb bell, which is spelled, L.a.c.e.y, Brick Brain.”
Cinco chuckles, “It sounds to me like our brother Flamingo is trying to steal your girl, Brick Brain.”
“What? Are you really trying to steal my girl from me?” Breck growls.
Flamingo exhales. “Really, I can find my own dumb belle to fuck. I shore don’t want that fucking one.”
Breck sneers. “She’s not a dumb belle. She attends all the AP classes with you, bro.”
Flamingo leans down and grabs the textbook from the soft mat floor, shouting out loud with a sour frown. “And I highly and suspiciously question her…” 
The flying football hits the side wall barely missing the cheekbone on Flamingo, landing down on the soft mat floor with a loud thump.
Flamingo sits upright and leans against the solid wall with a sneer. “What in the fuck…?”
Cinco laughs. “You missed him, dude!”
“Do you really wanna be beaten silly for your stupid air-head cowgirl? Then prepare to bleed, man.” Flamingo reaches down and grabs, flinging two textbooks from his chair into the air. One heavy textbook hits the edge on Breck’s lounge chair, falling down onto the soft mat floor in silence. The other textbook flies wide from the face on Breck, hitting the wall with a soft thump, landing down on top of the soft mat floor in silence.
Breck swiftly slides off his chaise lounge chair from the two lousy tosses from Flamingo standing upright on top of the mat floor, lifting both arms into the air for the upcoming fight, growling out loud. He charges at Flamingo.
On the side wall, Cinco swiftly slides off his chaise lounge chair and quickly dashes ahead, dropping down low, tackling Breck at the waistline like a star defensive lineman on the LSHS football team. He grunts out loud from the body collision with the thick chest on Breck’s eight-packed abdomen.
Breck safely falls backward against the soft chair landing on his ass as both of his legs are outstretched, resting on top of the soft mat floor. He groans in pain and rubs his stomach from the head collision with Cinco.
Cinco swiftly stand uprights with a sneer and then spins around catching Flamingo’s flying fist which barely misses Cinco’s earlobe while imitating in his mother’s female soprano into Flamingo’s sneer. “Time out, boys!” He swings the arm that is attached to the body of his brother Flamingo around in a circle and then they both face the open archway in Pig Pen, shoving Flamingo away from Breck.
Cinco turns and growls at Breck with a non-verbal warning not to attack him or Flamingo again.
Breck slowly stands upright on the floor and growls at Flamingo.
Cinco turns and sneers back at Flamingo. “Go and get us some snacks, Flamingo. Before I break your throwing arm in two pieces, then you can’t toss the football for the rest of the season.” He swings around to face Breck, pointing down at the chaise lounge chair with a sneer. “And you, sit your butt-hole down on that chair. Before, I cap your knee, displacing your kicking leg for the season.” He releases the arm on Flamingo with a growl. “Go on! Get going, Flamingo. I’m going to offer my marriage counseling services to Breck for free.”
Flamingo slowly moves ahead over the soft mat floor with a sneer and exits Pig Pen, looking back over a collar bone into the room. Cinco and Breck are standing on the floor and head butting with set of soft words, not a pair of two fists.
Flamingo spins around with a sour frown and slowly moves down an empty hallway with a string of soft curse words, slowly stepping down the wooden staircase.
Lacey likes to cause major trouble between the triplets. She is a good actress as she flirts with Flamingo during their shared AP classes at school without Breck’s knowledge. Then she meets up Breck after school and sticks her nasty tongue between Breck’s soft lips in front of Flamingo.
At 06:38 pm, inside the entrance hall with the air-conditioned four walls of empty space, Flamingo lands on top of the smooth wooden floor on a pair of naked toe bones, looking back up at the empty second level with a set of soft curses at Breck, slowly moving ahead and then slams into Arie. He reaches out and grabs her two arms, twirling them around in a completed circle and then stops.
They stare at each other.
His eyeballs look down and quickly examine her pink tinted short dress that is tied in a neat bow at her waistline and shows off her pair of tanned legs inside a pair of tiny sandals over her set of clean and trimmed toe nails. He looks up with a confused brow into her smile. “You’re dressed, Mama. Why are you dressed, Mama? You’re dressed pretty, Mama. Why are you dressed pretty, Mama? Why are you dressed pretty in that pink dress and…” he sniffs the air with a confused brow, “You are wearing vanilla scented perfume. Why are you wearing a bottle of vanilla smelling perfume, Mama?”
“I’m going to supper, sweetheart.” Arie reaches out and touches his shirt with a smile while trying to avoid a scene, since the three sons are overprotective with her feelings and person.
Flamingo drops both arms and slaps his legs, smiling with a nod. “You look too pretty for the supper meal here, Mama. Well, I’m dressed the supper meal someplace else but here. But Cinco, he needs to change his underwear or maybe perform a quickie sponge bathe. He stinks but that’s beside the point. He can sit in the back of the car or drive his cycle to supper. Where we are going to dine, tonight, Mama? How about Lester’s Seafood House? I got a feeling for some sea salt.”
“Supper is being served at the home of Colonel Sadie Mae Pommel, Flamingo.”
He frowns in silence.
Arie smiles with a nod. “Do you remember seeing the female military officer at your grandfather’s business office on Redstone Point? She is sharing her supper meal tonight with me. I’m going alone, Flamingo,” she steps backward from her overprotective son while needing to leave for the scheduled supper meal event.
He shakes his backwards baseball cap with a worried brow. “Naw, Mama,” he reaches up and gently grabs both of her naked biceps, so she doesn’t leave the house, without him.
“Yes, sweetheart. I’m going to a supper meal at Colonel Pommel house for the evening. She lives right down the road from us on Union Hill. But I will return back home later in the nighttime, maybe after your bedtime.”
He gasps in alarm. “Naw, Mama. You are not going anywhere, without us.” Flamingo looks up to see the empty second level and then shouts out loud for his two brothers. “Cinco, get your ass down stairs, pronto quick.” He continues to hold each bicep on Arie while calling up the two reinforcements and keeping her home tonight. He does not want Arie to visit with the un-familiar Colonel Sadie Mae Pommel without him or his two brothers as they protective escorts.
Arie exhales with annoyance and tries to move her two biceps but cannot. She stands at five feet and two inches short when she is compared to her six-feet and six-inched taller son. She frowns. “Do not curse in front of me, Middle Child.” She wiggles her trapped fingers at his stomach. “You are not big enough for me to yank your entire body across my lap and spank your fanny, Flamingo.”
Flamingo continues to stare at the second level with a chuckle from her sarcastic humor while watching for a brother.
On the second floor, Cinco appears and glides down the staircase with a smile, seeing a cute huddle with his mother Arie and his brother Flamingo. Breck follows with a smile at the back spine on Cinco, seeing the cute huddle with Arie and Flamingo also.
On top of the entrance hall floor, Cinco stomps down from the staircase and then stops beside the nose profile on Arie, looking down at her short pink tinted dress and her pair of matching high-heeled sandals, where her set of wiggling naked toe bones bounce up and down. He looks up with a puzzled brow to see her smile. “What is this? You’re dressed, Mama, in a pretty outfit and you’re wearing perfume.”
“I wear perfume every day, darling.” Arie turns and smiles at Cinco, wiggling her fingers in the air as her two biceps are still entrapped by the large hands on her son Flamingo.
She had hoped to avoid such a dramatic scene with her three sons.
Arie only wants to have a quiet dinner meal with her new friend Sadie Mae, who lives down the road from her house, enjoying an evening out, without her three nosy and boisterous boys.
Her sons are a set of busy teens playing on an electronic toy and talking on a mobile telephone to one of their school friends, before they all shove off from home and attend college next year with a new set of adventures.
Breck reaches the floor and stops, standing beside her other nose profile. He leans down and sniffs her hair roots, smelling sweet flora perfume, frowning with worry. “But you smell nicer than every day, Mama. Where are you going to, again, Mama?” He reaches out and holds her other arm with deep concern, not allowing her to escape from their house also.
“Mama is going out to the supper meal, without us.” Flamingo continues to hold her two naked biceps with a worried brow.
Each son slowly shuffles a pair of naked feet on top of the cool tile while surrounding their mother Arie in a tight triangle pattern, without her escaping from their homey environment and motherly protection.
“Naw, Mama! You can’t go to supper without us, Mama.” Cinco shakes his blonde locks and reaches out touching her naked arm also while preventing her from escaping the house.
Arie exhales, “Yes, boys. I have been invited to the evening supper meal with my new friend Colonel Pommel. You met her with your Granddaddy Balegreen inside his business office on Redstone Point. So, I will be coming back home later tonight, but I’ll float up and give each one of you a sweet motherly, nightly kiss like always,” she tries to shove sideways through the triangle of steel biceps, exhaling with annoyance at her three overprotective sons.
“Naw, Mama.” You cannot go to supper, without us,” Breck shakes his skull and blocks her escape from the huddle, frowning with worry. “Who else will be there with you at the dinner meal besides Colonel Sade Mae Pommel?”
“The dinner meal includes Colonel Pommel and me.” Arie shifts toward Cinco and cannot escape.
Flamingo shakes his backward baseball cap in silence at Arie without removing his hands from her arms.
Breck is the first born triplet and the leader of the brothers while dealing with the problem first. He nods with a smile down at her hair roots. “So, if the evening invitation is only you and Colonel Pommel, then we all can go and enjoy her supper meal together, tonight, Mama. Yeah, I’m getting hunger just thinking about a hot meal, Mama.”
Cinco smiles with a nod, “Yeah, Mama.”
“Shore thing, Mama.” Flamingo nods with a grin.
Arie continues to stand in the middle of the human triangle, jerking both her arms from each son, wearing a sour frown. “Boys, this is the first time that the evening is mine for a change. Don’t you worry! I’m going to be fine and have some fun. Now, I want each one of you to go and play your little war game or producing your school report. I’ll be home much later in the evening,” she smiles, “Now, gimme a kiss.”
Breck leans down and swiftly taps her forehead, pulling with a stern face in silence.
Cinco leans down and swiftly kisses her cheekbone, pulling back with a fake smile in silence.
Flamingo leans down and pecks her other cheekbone, pulling back with a sour frown in silence.
Arie smiles with a nod at each son. “Thank you! Good night, boys!”
Flamingo shifts to the side and opens up the walking pathway. She spins around and moves toward the narrow hallway in silence. Her three sons form a single line and watch her leave the entrance hall.
Arie dashes down the hallway and glides back into the kitchen, leaving the house. The garage door slams shut.
Inside the entrance hall, Flamingo shouts at the narrow hallway with a worried brow, tossing both arms into the air, “Hell no! Mama can’t leave from the house by herself for a mysterious evening of dinner and dining.”
Cinco spins around and then races toward the row of glass windows and stops. A pair of bright headlights on her truck illuminates in the dark. He frowns. “Newsflash, Flamingo! The garage door is opening and she has started her personal pickup truck. She is back out of the garage doing a three-point turn in the driveway. She pulls her truck forward and is driving down the bricked drive toward Union Hill Road,” he looks back over his collar bone to see Flamingo with a smile. “Do we go and follow Mama to her dinner thing, Flamingo?”
Breck continues to stand in place next to Flamingo and shakes his skull, turning to see out the window.
A set of red taillights blaze bright on her truck as Arie pulls the truck onto the roadway moving down toward the main highway.
Breck smiles at the window. “We don’t follow, brothers. We do better. We spy.”
Cinco swings around with a gasp from the glass window, staring with a puzzled brow at Breck. “We spy on our mama.”
Flamingo turns and smiles at Breck. “We go and spy on Sadie Mae. I don’t like that girl and I don’t like our mama going over there without us.”
Breck nods. “What does her personal horoscope say, bro?”
Flamingo looks down and whips out his mobile telephone as he is a teen that does not breathe without his mobile telephone. He types on the tiny keyboard and then waits, reading out loud the new information from the tiny screen. “Sadie is a scorpion as she is born in the month of November. That’s the sign of a stinger with no emotions and the stinger doesn’t give a damn about nobody, but me and self and I,” he looks up with a nod to see Breck.
Breck nods in smile. “That new set of information is damn good enough for me to believe, bro.”
Cinco moves away from the row of glass window and stops, standing beside Breck, wearing a puzzled brow. “I thought you didn’t believe it that malarkey.”
Breck cuts his eyeballs back to the window. A gray darkness lines the skyline as the sun slows sets in the west. He smiles. “I require a proper excuse here. In case, we all get arrested for triplet trespassing, since we’re spying on our mama with love and protection.”
Cinco frowns. “Sheriff Tommy Lee doesn’t believe that fart crap either.”
Breck nods with a smile. “That’s a very good point, Cinco! Because he can arrest Sadie, since I don’t like that bitch either. Let’s go and get dressed and rescue our mama from a scorpion bitch,” he spins around with a grin and swiftly climbs the staircase with Flamingo.
“You’re not supposed to judge people, Breck.” Tender-hearted and baby triplet Cinco follow the back spine on Breck and Flaming, wearing a sour frown.
Breck climbs the steps with a laugh. “We don’t judge people, Cinco.”
Cinco nods. “Yes, you do. You’re doing it now.”
Breck laughs. “Naw, Cinco. I let Almighty God judge like the Holy Bible says. I just fuck people up, when they piss me off.”
“Heard that one, man!” Flamingo reaches out and fist-bumps with Breck laughing out loud.
Cinco quickly dashes up the staircase and then reaches out, back slapping a hand on Breck, nodding with an evil laugh with his two brothers.
They reach the top of second level and dash into a bedroom, getting dress to rescue their mama.


Union Hill Road location
House property setting of Sadie Mae
Warm temperatures with bright stars and bright moonlight
07:35 pm


From the main roadway, the front view on the one-story ranch house displays one lighted room which is probably the dining room as the three brothers do not possess an architectural layout of Sadie Mae’s home residence.
On the main roadway, Cinco steers his motorcycle beside Breck. Flamingo rides piggy back on the rear banana seat with Breck. The two motorcycles slowly cruise down Union Hill Road and then slow, turning onto the private driveway of white loose gravel that leads toward the house.
Cinco stops first and kills the engine on his motorcycle, swinging a leg off the seat, standing upright with a deep sigh of worry about his mother.
Breck stops beside Cinco and kills the engine on his motorcycle, swinging off the seat first.
Flamingo rolls backwards from the seat and then stands upright, posing behind the rear wheel, staring at the lighted room.
Cinco shifts sideways and stands beside Flamingo, staring at the house. “We should trot up the door, knock, and then ask our mama to come out. Then we all go home, since it’s late and dark.”
Breck moves ahead first with a stern face as the leader of the triplets, strolling away from the two parked motorcycles and two stationary brothers while crunching the loose gravel with his pair of cowboy boots. He smiles at the lighted room on the house. “I’ll store that idea for future reference, Cinco.”
Flamingo dashes ahead and struts beside Breck on his pair of nasty flip flops, staring at the lighted room in the house, “Naw. We knock down the door and then bloody Sadie’s nose and then grab our mama and then race back home, the sweeter ending.”
Cinco dashes ahead and tosses both arms in the air, moving beside Flamingo with a soft voice, “Yee-haw.”
Flamingo and Cinco elbow each other while laughing at the vile scene.
Three tall bodies march in a horizontal row on a pair of various shoes, moving down a gravel road toward the house with one lighted room.
Breck exhales and continues to stare at the house. “I’ll store that idea for future reference, Flamingo. We’re going…”
“I’m…” Flamingo sneers.
Breck sneers back and stares at the single lighted room inside the house. “I am first born here which is my right and might, Middle Child. Now, you get in line behind my ass. I’ll explain my rescue plan of our mama.”
Cinco turns and scans the new environment “I don’t see a mean dog or a standing horse or a grazing cow or a crop of cotton.”
Flamingo stares at the lighted window but he is too far to see a figure. “But she has a gun.”
Cinco turns and chuckles at the nose profile on Flamingo. “That’s a very good point, Flamingo, for Breck to remember, dude.”
Flamingo turns and scans the new environment seeing shadow hills and invisible valleys of meadows within the darkness. “Sadie Mae rents this piece of property from Granddaddy Balegreen.”
Cinco turns and gasps at the house. “How did you possess that information, Flamingo?”
Flamingo returns back and stares at the house with the single lit room. “My stupid topoy-morphy senior high project requires way too much research on my part for that eighty-five percent final academic grade in my combination history, literature, and science courses. I have never worked so gawddamn hard and understand so fucking less in my life,” he exhales with worry. He worries about his grades, his granddaddy, and his mother’s odd behavior while feeling worry and un-happiness.
Cinco frowns. “Granddaddy is correct then. You are not going to be one of the thirteen valedictorians at our graduation night.”
Flamingo frowns at the house. “Naw, Granddaddy is wrong. Yes, I am.”
The three brothers continue to strut down the gravel road at night.
Cinco smiles at the nose profile on Flamingo. “Granddaddy is personally going to grade each one of our school papers. You’re guaranteed the letter grade of A-plus, Flamingo.”
Flamingo frowns. “Naw.” He doesn’t trust his granddaddy either for some strange reason as Robert Earl seems to drop down a wall of obstacles coming straight up from hell into Flamingo’s academic pathway during the high school classes.
Cinco smiles at the house. “Tell you this! I’ll ask our granddaddy to give me the letter grade of C minus for my senior research project, so you can receive your letter grade of A-plus, Flamingo. Then you will still be one of the top valedictorians in our class while beating out Retta Jean.”
Flamingo smirks at the house in silence. Cinco continues to surprise with his set of new astute observations.
Breck reaches over and stretches out, slapping a hand behind the earlobe on Cinco, saying with a chuckle. “Baby brothers are so sweet…”
“We are one hundred feet from the lighted house. What’s the plan, Breck?” Flamingo stares at the house and worries about his mother, desiring to take Arie from that female bitch before something bad happens.
“We’re spying, not kidnapping our mama. We just a peek-a-boo through a window on our mama and make certain that she is giggling and having a good time, before we attack that bitch with bodily harm.” Breck nods.
Flamingo nods. “Agreed.”
“Flamingo agrees with Breck.” Cinco halts and looks down, whipping out his mobile telephone from his pocket with a smile. He dashes ahead and then spins around, halting in front of his two brothers, lifting the phone and snaps a picture with a grin. “A duck moment…”
Flamingo and Breck stop and stare at the house with the lighted room in silence.
Breck fingers the house with a nod. “There is a great big bay window with three individual glass windows that show three different angular views just for a set of triplets. Ring me on your phone, Flamingo.” He pulls out his mobile telephone from the pocket and stares down at the face.
Flamingo whips out his mobile telephone and rings both of his brothers into the shared telephone call.
Breck lifts up and then speaks into the mobile telephone to each brother with a stern face. “Flamingo, you go and take the right side of the bay window. I’ll take the left side on the bay window. Cinco, you go and stand in front of the middle bay window. Let’s go and see our mama.”
The three brothers slowly strut ahead with a telephone inside an eardrum, then split apart and finally stop, kneeling down in front the assigned glass window. A face leans forward into the cold glass as a pair of knees squashes down into the cool grass, staring at the commotion inside the lighted room.



Inside the dining room, Robert Earl sits at the head of the table that faces the row of glass windows, slowly lifting up a full of glass red liquid toward his lips, sitting beside his wife Iredell.

Iredell sits on the corner of the table and eats the food with a nod to the hostess who is named Sadie Mae.

Sadie Mae sits at the queen’s head on the table showing a rear skull to the row of glass windows.



Outside the middle bay glass window, Cinco holds the face of the telephone his lips and whispers into the phone speaker with worry. “I can’t see our Mama. I can’t tell if our mama is laughing or crying through this angle view at the middle glass window. What do you see over there, Flamingo?”
“Our mama ain’t happy, Breck. We go and invade this place and bring her ass back home right now.” Flamingo says with a sour frown into his mobile telephone and stares through the glass with worry about Arie.
Breck stares into the left side glass window and whispers into the face of the mobile telephone. “Granddaddy Balegreen is in there also. We trust him to take care of Mama…”
“…not without us, Breck. We care for our mama first.” Flamingo growls at each human face while speaking into his mobile telephone and spies on the other dinner guests through the clean glass.
“We leave her evening alone and go back home. Flamingo has to finish his topo-morphology project.” Breck decides as the boss of the triplets and as he growls back into the face on his mobile telephone at the troublesome Middle Child. He slowly stands upright from the grass and shifts away from the glass window pane, still staring into the lighted room.
On the right side of the bay window, Flamingo swiftly stands upright from the grass and back steps from the glass pane moving backwards with a loud sneer into the dark corner on the house. He turns and stares in the direction with Breck, lifting up a flip flop, deciding to bust Breck’s nose or argue his point.
A cupped hand reaches out and gently touches, griping the collar bone on Flamingo.
Flamingo jerks to the side and then ducks down from the dangling wrist bone, spinning around with a growl, facing the stranger. He narrows his eyelids at a male who stands not equal in height at six feet and one inch to Flamingo’s six feet and six inches. He sneers into the new face. “You’re short.”
The mystery male smiles with a laugh at Flamingo, “You’re Flamingo. Your granddaddy talks about you all the time.”
Inside the open archway, Robert Earl appears and stands with a smile at Flamingo, stepping ahead onto the short patio sidewalk, turning to see the other two brothers that appear as a dark shadow in the moonlight. He thumbs inside house with a smile. “Come on inside, lads. I would like for you to meet Darrel. Darrel, I would like for you to meet the triplets. Your triplet arrival is fortuitous,” he spins around with a smile and leads back into the dining room.
Darrel smiles at Flamingo and then spins around, following the back spine on Robert Earl, moving back to the dining room table.
Flamingo leads first with a stern face and turns to examine the dining room and then each dinner guest. 
Side by side, Cinco and Breck follow the back spine on Flamingo.
Robert Earl nods to Arie and then stops, sliding down into his dining room chair, looking down at his dessert plate with a smile. “We are serving the dessert dish consisting of your grandmother’s famous pe-can pie. I know you are here checking on your mother like a troop of good little soldiers.”
At the dining room table, Arie swiftly slides off the chair with a smile and races ahead the table on the new pair of high heels, expanding both arms to hug her three boys.
Cinco dashes ahead of Flamingo and heads toward his mother first.
Arie heads toward Cinco and then accidentally trips over her own feet in the un-familiar foot ware while landing right between Cinco’s outstretched biceps. Cinco quickly pulls Arie upright with a chuckle and hugs her into his chest while covering the silly incident. She turns bright red on her face with embarrassment. Cinco leans down and whispers into her eardrum. “Are you okay, Mama?”
He doesn’t care if Darrel sees and thinks his mama as a country klutz, because she is both precious and beautiful to him. And if Darrel spits one nasty American word about her person or her country hick behavior, then Darrel won’t have any front teeth left for his six-month semi-annual dental cleaning.
“Yes.” Arie softly whispers into the face of Cinco as she feels twenty strong finger pads and four warm palms touch and surround her collar bone and both her naked forearms with their motherly love and protection. Then each hand withdraws from her skin.
Cinco releases her and then gently lifts Arie up a half-an-inch in the air from the thick carpet, gently spinning her around to face the unknown dinner guest.
Darrel appears and stands in front of Arie and Cinco.
Arie nervously shuffles side to side in place with a shy smile introducing her sons with a proper southern belle greeting to Darrel. “Boys, this is Mr. Darrel Kant. I met Mr. Kant this morning while drinking coffee…”
Flamingo stands last in the row of brothers next to Breck and sneers at shorty Darrel. “You don’t drink a cup of nasty black colored coffee, Mama.”
Arie nods with a smile to Darrel. “I was drinking a cup of soy milk, Flamingo. You’re so astute and observant, Middle Child. I met Mr. Kant with Colonel Pommel inside the Snack Shop on Redstone Point. Mr. Kant, I’d like to introduce my three little angels.” Arie has talked, told, and tooted all evening about her three sons, since they are the center of her world.
She reaches backward and tenderly slaps a hand into Cinco’s chest saying with a smile. “He is reckless,” she sidesteps and stands in front of Breck “While he is responsible…” she sidesteps again and stands in front of Flamingo. “And he is…”
“…real…” Flamingo sneers at Darrel and pulls Arie into his chest as she poses between his biceps from his motherly love. Flamingo continues to size up Darrel and quickly decides that he does not like Darrel.
Darrel continues to stand in front of Cinco and extends a hand with a smile. Cinco shakes and then releases the hand quickly while faking a smile at Darrel in silence. Darrel smiles, “Nice meeting ya’ll, lads. Your mother Arie has enlightened me all evening with your adventures and activities. You are the DL. You got a good gripe, son. Cinco represents the number five in Spanish language as you were born in a foreign country. Isn’t that right, son?” He chuckles at his own lame joke, since the State of Florida is part of the USA, but the city of Miami is an international city with many different cultures and social classes.
Darrel sidesteps and then stands with a smile in front of Breck, extending a hand.
Breck grabs Darrel’s hand bone between the thumb and an index finger clamping down with force, wearing a silly grin. Darrel grunts in pain and grits his teeth with a fake smile.
Cinco chuckles with Flamingo.
Arie lands her elbow into the rib cage on Flamingo. He loudly gurgles from the cute tickle of her elbow while trying to control his laughter. Flamingo slightly loosens his gripe and then tightly re-wraps tightly his two biceps his mother while protecting her from an advancing Darrel.
“It is very nice to meet you, too, Darrel.” Breck holds the hand gripe steady and then swiftly jerks the body of Darrel into a distorted face with a sneer. He is the first born among the triplets and the only protector of his mother, toting that responsibility and burden forever. He growls. “I’m glad that our mama has told you about us, three. We, three are her guardian angels here on the planet,” he bad breathes into Darrel’s face. “And I want you to remember that last part, slick.” He releases Darrel’s hand and then shoves the man from his face with a laugh.
Darrel holds a poker face with a set of grinding teeth, slowly scooting sideways on a pair of expensive loafers, standing in front of Flamingo.
Flamingo doesn’t offer his hand instead he cuddles his mother Arie closer into his chest while flexing his pair of naked biceps around her petite body with his motherly protection and love. He nods with a stern face to Darrel. “Hey, man! If my mama says that you’re okay, then you’re okay with me. What do you say to me, Mama?”
Arie pushes away from Flamingo’s hug and steps ahead a few inches, stopping with a smile in front of Darrel. “Boys, Mr. Kant is okay with me.”
“Good enough for me!” Cinco nods with a smile and reaches over, slapping the bicep on Breck with a warning signal to watch Darrel.
Breck sneers and turns to see the nose profile on Flamingo, “Me, too, Mama! Flamingo, what do you say to me?”
“I guess you passed the redneck test.” Flamingo sneers at Darrel.
Darrel nods to Flamingo in silence. Arie continues to stare at Darrel with a smile not knowing how to act, since this is her real first social date with her sons also. Darrel smiles, “I feel like I got a pardon from the President of the United States,” he extends an arm to Arie. She takes the arm with a silly girly giggle. 
They slowly move back to the dining room and enjoy a piece of pie.
“You just did.” Flamingo follows the back spine on Arie and Darrel as Cinco and Breck fall in line and moves with Flamingo while chuckling with amusement.
They find an empty seat at the dining room and enjoy a couple of pieces of their grandmother’s pecan pie, before Arie and her three sons head back home for the evening




Continue the teenly adventure of Breck, Flamingo, and Cinco inside Trip Jet, the second e-book from the series, A Country Boy Tale…
