TRIP BET

Smashwords Edition Copyright 2021 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Author notes:


Trip Bet is the final e-book from the …A Country Gentleman Tale… series.

Format of this e-book does not contain a chapter heading, such like, Chapter One; Chapter Two; Chapter Three, and etcetera.

Instead, the story unfolds in a numeric calendar date format with current time, daylight or nighttime hours, a set of current weather conditions, and the property location with character activity.

I enjoy learning parts and pieces of an unread novel before diving into the content.

The definition of the word, mother, varies by social, culture and religion traits but translates into absolute love, hugs, kisses, affection, and care for each one of her children.

A nice story about a country mom warms any heart including the mind and the soul of a new fascinating fictitious novel.

I have created my own personal, private Book Rating System on each one of my novels, for the curious, clever reader.


Rated G for good stuff

Rated PG for pretty good stuff

Rated M for mild stuff

Rated R for really great stuff

Rated V for vile stuff

Rated C for cute stuff


The story line is Rated M for mild acts of violence, lots of guns and knives, bold and nasty cuss words, witty and sick humor, a few dead bodies but no ghosts or sex acts.

The major character role involves three biological brothers, who are a set of triplets as they attend their senior year in high school before going off to college environment.

This story line takes place in the tiny rural town of Lacy Springs, within the U.S. State of Alabama, with heated days of summertime and lots of bright sunshine with occasionally thunderstorms that feed the crop farms, the herds of captured livestock and the numerous woodlands and wildlife and wildflowers.

Thanks for entering my imagination!

ipam
Teen action and adventure drama with the triple brothers...
Story plot:


Breck, Flamingo, and Cinco, they are teen triplet brothers living in the tiny cow town of Lacy Springs, within the U.S. State of Alabama, where the sun shines bright in the summertime and then goes dull in the winter months.

Each brother loves their mama, attends their senior high school classes and has lots of fun doing numerous teenly male things, such like, sports, hunting, fishing, dating, and mudding.

However, their teeny fun becomes interrupted, when Middle Child Flamingo, again, stirs up brotherly trouble between the three triplets, at their house, in their school, at the church, and inside their home town.
Cast of Characters:


Adults:


Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior, deceased

(A.J.) Adair Bibb, farmer

Arie Ashley Dunlap Balegreen, wife of Breck, Junior

Aurora Carter Dunlap Gordon, sister of Arie & wife of Moe

Jarvis Dunlap, grandpa of triplets, Arie’s dad, farmer

Reese Dunlap, grandma of triplets, Arie’s mom, wife of Jarvis

Iredell Balegreen, farmer, grandmother of triplets

Tommy Lee Sinclair, sheriff




Teens:


Acton Marburg, student

Babbie Cummings, student

Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior, III, student

(Flamingo) Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior, IV, student

(Cinco) Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior, V, student

Brett Cooper, student

Doyle Tate, student

Fannie Tifton, student

Retta Jean Moore, student

Violet Meeks, student

Yancy Oakes, student
Present day and place and space and time


Year 2022
Thursday, May 14th
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight

Lacy Springs court house location
court room setting

08:10 a.m.


Each high school student has returned to the same court room setting with the same three supervising high school teachers and Principal Marshall as a various of loud musical tunes bombard the court room coming from numerous sneaky high school students, who have toted in their personal mobile telephones.
One at a time, High School Principal Marshall and Sheriff Tommy Lee slowly collect the loud tiny machines from each misbehaving student, before the judge arrives. The loud musical songs start to disappear leaving a few musical tunes echoing within the semi-quiet room.
The ancient rock and roll musical song called Beth was performed by the American musical rock and roll band, Kiss, in the year 1969, from their studio album entitled Destroyer. The song was composed by the band’s drummer Peter Criss and his friend Stan Penridge. The producer for the musical song was Bob Ezrin. The musical members included Peter Criss (drums and vocals); Paul Stanley (vocals and guitar); Gene Simmons (vocals and bass guitar), and Ace Frehley (lead guitar and vocals).
The band was famous musicians for their unique face paint in stark white hue covering their features and each black-tinted comic book-style characters with their individual mythical stage outfits, such like, Starchild (Stanley); Demon (Simmons); Spaceman (Frehley), and Catman (Criss).
Each live musical showcase featured fire-breathing, blood-spitting, smoking guitars, shooting rockets, levitating drum kits, and fire-flaming pyrotechnics.


Beth, I hear you calling
But I can’t come home right now
Me and the boys are playing
And we just can’t find the sound

Just a few more hours
And I’ll be right home to you
I think I hear them calling

O Beth! What can I do?
Beth, what can I do?
You say you feel so empty
That our house just ain’t a home
That I’m always somewhere else
And you’re always there alone

Just a few more hours
And I’ll be right home to you
I think I hear them calling
O Beth! What can I do?
Beth, what can I do?

Beth, I know you’re lonely
And I hope you’ll be alright
Cause, me and the boys will be playing all night


The ancient rock and roll musical song entitled Beast of Burden coming from their studio album called Some Girls and was performed by the musical rock and roll band named Rolling Stones in the month of September in the year 1978. The musical song was written by the two band members, Keith Richards and Mick Jagger. The musical producer was the Glimmer Twins. The musical members included Charlie Watts (drums); Mick Jagger (lead and backing vocals); Keith Richards (electric guitar, backing vocals); Ronnie Wood (electric guitar, acoustic guitar) and Bill Wyman (bass guitar).
A “beast of burden” is a domesticated animal that labors for the benefit of man, such like, an ox or a horse or a mule.


I’ll never be your beast of burden
My back is broad but it’s a hurting
All I want is for you to make love to me
I’ll never be your beast of burden
I’ve walked for miles, my feet are hurting
All I want is for you to make love to me

Am I hard enough?
Am I rough enough?
Am I rich enough?
I’m not too blind to see

I’ll never be your beast of burden
So, let’s go home and draw the curtains
Music on the radio
Come on, baby, make sweet love to me

Am I hard enough?
Am I rough enough?
Am I rich enough?
I’m not too blind to see

O little sister
Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, girl
You’re a pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty girl
Pretty, pretty
Such a pretty, pretty, pretty girl
Come on baby please, please, please

I’ll tell you
You can put me out
On the street
Put me out
With no shoes on my feet
But, put me out, put me out
Put me out of misery

Yeah, all your sickness
I can suck it up
Throw it all at me
I can shrug it off
There’s one thing baby
That I don’t understand
You keep on telling me
I ain’t your kind of man

Ain’t I rough enough? O baby!
Ain’t I tough enough?
Ain’t I rich enough, in love enough?
O! O! Please!

I’ll never be your beast of burden
I’ll never be your beast of burden
Never, never, never, never, never, never, never be

I don’t need no beast of burden
I need no fussing
I need no nursing

Never, never, never, never, never, never, never be


The musical song known Church Bells and released on her studio album entitled Storyteller, on April 3, 2016, by the American country musician singer and songwriter named Carrie Underwood. The musical song was written by Brett James; Zach Crowell, and Lee Lindsey.


Jenny grew up wild, like a Blackfoot daisy
Out in the shack with a Bluetick hound
Broke as hell, but blessed with beauty
The kind that a rich man can't turn down

She caught the eye of an oil man dancing
One summer night in a dime store dress
She had the looks; he had the mansion
And you can figure out the rest

It was all roses, dripping in diamonds
Sipping on champagne
She was all uptown, wearing that white gown
Taking his last name

She could hear those church bells ringing, ringing
And up in the loft, that whole choir's singing, singing
Fold your hands and close your eyes
Yeah! It’s all gonna be alright
And just listen to the church bells ringing, ringing
Yeah! They’re ringing

Jenny was hosting Junior League parties
And having dinner at the country club
Everyone thought they were Ken and Barbie
But Ken was always getting way too drunk

Saturday night, after a few too many
He came home ready to fight
And all his money could never save Jenny
From the devil living in his eyes

It was all bruises, covered in makeup
Dark sunglasses
And that next morning, sitting in the back pew
Praying with the Baptists

She could hear, those church bells ringing, ringing
And up in the loft, that whole choir singing, singing
Fold your hands and close your eyes
Yeah! It’s all gonna be alright
You just listen to the church bells ringing, ringing
Yeah! They’re ringing

Jenny slipped something in his Tennessee whiskey
No Law Man was ever gonna find
And how he died is still a mystery
But he hit a woman for the very last time

She could hear those church bells ringing, ringing
Standing there in a black dress singing, singing
Fold your hands and close your eyes
Yeah! It’s all gonna be alright

And just listen to the church bells ringing, ringing
Yeah! They’re ringing


The ancient rock and roll musical song entitled We’re Not Gonna Take It and was performed by the American musical heavy metal band named Twisted Sister, in the month of September, in the year 1978. The musical song was written by band member Dee Snider.
The musical members included A. J. Pero (drums); Dee Snider Jagger (lead and backing vocals); Jay Jay French (guitars); Eddie “Fingers” Ojeda (guitars) and Mark “The Animal” Mendoza (bass guitar) that enjoyed performing slapstick humor, wearing lady’s foundation makeup and girly costumes.
The original band musicians formed in the city of Ho-Ho-Kus, within the U.S. State of New Jersey.
The musicians played Heavy Metal, Glam Metal or Glam Rock due to the makeup and costumes, and Hard Rock sounds.


Guess what, I’ve got a fever
And the only prescription is more cowbell
Couldn’t leave here, without this one, now, could we?

We’re not gonna take it
O no! We ain’t gonna take it
We’re not gonna take it anymore

We’ve got the right to choose it
There ain’t no way. We’ll lose it
This is our life, this is our song

We’ll fight the powers that be just
Don’t pick our destiny, cause
You don’t know us, you don’t belong

We’re not gonna take it
O no! We ain't gonna take it
We’re not gonna take it anymore

O! You’re so condescending
Your gall is never ending
We don’t want nothing, not a thing from you

Your life is trite and jaded
Boring and confiscated
If that’s your best, your best won’t do

Sing it
We’re right, yeah
We’re free, yeah
We’ll fight, yeah
You’ll see

We’re not gonna take it
No! We ain’t gonna take it
We’re not gonna take it anymore

We’re not gonna take it
No! We ain’t gonna take it
We’re not gonna take it anymore
No way

Yeah
Sing it

We’re right, yeah
We’re free, yeah
We’ll fight, yeah
You’ll see
Sing it for me, Jersey

We’re not gonna take it. (Come on!)
No! We ain’t gonna take it. (Louder!)
We’re not gonna take it anymore

We’re not gonna take it
O no! We ain’t gonna take it
We’re not gonna take it anymore
Sing it, sing it, sing

We’re not gonna take it. (Louder!)
No! We ain’t gonna take it
We’re not gonna take it anymore
One more, one more, one more

We’re not gonna take it. (What!)
No! We ain’t gonna take it. (Yeah!)

We’re not gonna take it anymore
And don’t you take it either


The musical song Achy Breaky Heart was released in the year 1992, by the American country musical artist, songwriter and actor Billy Ray Cyrus and started the popular “line dancing” inside all the Honky Tonk country music bars throughout the world. The musical song was written by Donald L. Von Tress.


You can tell the world you never was my girl
You can burn my clothes up, when I’m gone
Or you can tell your friends, just what a fool I’ve been
And laugh and joke about me on the phone

You can tell my arms go back to the farm
You can tell my feet to hit the floor
Or you can tell my lips to tell my fingertips
They won’t be reaching out for you no more

But don’t tell my heart, my achy breaky heart
I just don’t think, he’d understand
And if you tell my heart, my achy breaky heart
He might blow up and kill this man
Oooh!

You can tell your ma, I moved to Arkansas
Or you can tell your dog to bite my leg
Or tell your brother Cliff, who’s fist can tell my lips
He never really liked me anyway

Or tell your Aunt Louise. Tell anything you please
Myself already knows, I’m not okay
Or you can tell my eyes to watch out for my mind
It might be walking out on me, one day

But don’t tell my heart, my achy breaky heart
I just don’t think he’d understand
And if you tell my heart, my achy breaky heart
He might blow up and kill this man
Oooh!

But don’t tell my heart, my achy breaky heart
I just don’t think, he’d understand
And if you tell my heart, my achy breaky heart
He might blow up and kill this man

Don’t tell my heart, my achy breaky heart
I just don’t think, he’d understand
And if you tell my heart, my achy breaky heart
He might blow up and kill this man
Oooh!


Marshall has successfully retrieved all the noisy personal mobile telephones bombarding every one’s eardrums with the loud musical notes and the loud obnoxious words coming from each misbehaving student and then will return the borrowed mobile telephone as each naughty high school student rides back to the school building, on their new assigned school bus. He has cleared the loud noise and sorta calmed down all the rowdy and excited students, for the upcoming teenly court of law trial of their peer high school student.
The judge and her slight military presence will definitely quiet the loud room with all loud high school students.
And Marshall, again, has allowed the alphabetic letter grade of A to replace each scheduled academic examination, for the day, instead of an academic test. The hard-sitting wooden pews are filled with numerous high school students coming from the tenth, eleventh, and twelfth grades including Flamingo’s girlfriend Violet.
Violet wants to miss the court room appearance today but has a change of heart about all her academic examinations as she is a senior student and is eager to begin her fun, after her graduation night.
On the defendant’s wooden table, Flamingo’s lawyer is named Toluene. She sits on the edge of the long pew and wears a nicely designed, golden-colored, ankle-length, sleeveless dress and a pair of matching summer sandals, looking down, fiddling with her personal mobile telephone. She smiles and sounds with soft giggles, as usual.
Breck sits beside Toluene and wears a white tinted tee shirt, a dark blue sports jacket, a pair of dark blue jeans, and a pair of polished black and brown cowboy boots, looking down, reading one-at-a-time a stack of short document papers. Toluene has supplied the stack of papers coming from the prosecution’s office for Flamingo’s paternity court trial. Breck wiggles a blue tinted ink pen in his hand beside a stack of short, loose, white-colored papers. He does not understand the medical or legal information within his teenly brain cells but continues to plow through the information with hopes of finding something to aid Flamingo’s legal defense.
Flamingo sits in-between his two triplet brothers wearing his usual attire: a pair of clean but slightly faded, tan-colored cargo pants down to his kneecaps, his pair of nasty brown-tinted flip-flops, and a clean, black-tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt with a short message in stark white letters: FUCK YOU. The visual message represents both his feelings and mental thoughts towards both his former girlfriend Jeranda and her obnoxious lawyer Litisha. Also, Flamingo does not care about impressing the judge, the jury, the parents, and the gallery of teens inside the court room with his physical appearance, only his vocal words that speak the truth of his truthful actions.
He leans over whispering into the cheekbone on Cinco. “I’m really nervous about all of this, man.”
Cinco wears his usual attire, also, a pair of black tinted jeans, a pair of black tinted leather boots, and a clean, short-sleeved tee shirt per his mother’s loving instructions, this morning, before the court trial. He spins around with a grin and scans all the present high school students, whispering back to Flamingo. “You tell the truth. The truth will set you free, dude.”
He frowns at the judge’s bench. “Do you really think a jury panel of six teen females and males will vote for me? This is a big decision that will affect the outcome of an innocent baby.”
Cinco returns and sneers back at the smooth cheekbone on Flamingo. “Do not get cold feet or a wrinkled dick, right now, Flamingo! Yeah, the girls are our three friends. Yeah, the guys are our three allies. Jeranda does not stand a chance with that jury panel. Anyways, each juror guy can feel your same emotions with an innocent, crying, and stinky baby hanging around your neck muscles.”
Flamingo spins around and scans the audience of teens gasping in shock. A majority of the male teens presents a short-sleeved, white-tinted tee shirt with a single nasty word, who are supporting their school mate Flamingo. He smiles and nods to his fiancé saying to Cinco. “I see my girl Violet. I thought she wasn’t coming today for my court trial.”
“Yeah, I saw her, too. She loves you, Flamingo. She’s here now to show her support and love.”
Flamingo returns back and stares at the jury box of teens also. He says. “She didn’t wanna sit in the jury box. That would have really shown off her support and love.”
“Don’t sweat ant hills! She was scared, like me. But she’s here, now, like me. So, have some faith in your present and your future life! I know that I do.”
Flamingo nods with a smile at the jury, “All right!”
On the prosecution’s table, Jeranda’s attorney is named Litisha. Litisha stands upright from the edge of the long bench with a smile pressing both of her polished green tinted fingernails down a nicely pressed gray-tinted business jacket and skirt. She displays a pair of matching pumps looking very nice for her future photograph from her future upcoming victorious paternity suit against teen brat Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth. She turns and stares at the defendant’s table carefully scooting sideways, leaving her chair. She slides over the wooden floor space and then stops standing at the edge of the defendant’s table.
At the defendant’s table, Toluene continues to smile down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone in silence.
Breck looks up with a stern face along with both Flamingo and Cinco. Both Flamingo and Cinco sneer at Litisha.
Litisha crosses her arms and stares at Flamingo. “I will give you one more chance, right here and right now, today, Mr. McCory, the fourth. If you sign the joint custody papers, which are located in my briefcase, right here and right now, then I will ask the judge to dismiss your fatherly paternity case…”
“Naw! Never! Nope! No! No way! Fuck you! Fuck off! Now, pick out one of these clever but nasty words and then shove your fat ass away from my side of the court room, bitch!” Flamingo says then sneers.
Toluene looks up with a smile and winks at Litisha in silence and then returns to the glowing screen on her personal mobile telephone.
Litisha drops both of her arms and continues to stare at Flamingo saying with a firm tone and a confident smile. “Well, I have warned you, right here and right now, Mr. McCory, the fourth. At the end of your fatherly paternal trial, you will not earn the title, Father of the Year, but ‘Father of the Baby’ by the current judge. Then you’ll be paying triple…triplet the original child support monthly allowance of ten thousand dollars-per-month. I promise you this.”
Cinco sneers then says. “Get away from us, bitch! Go back to your rat hole and tell that other bitch to go and fuck off, too, foreverly!”
Flamingo snarls then states. “My promise to you, I will not earn or pay or do anything, cunt-face.”
Breck leans over and snarls into the nose profile on Toluene then orders. “Tell her where to go, Toluene! You are Flamingo’s personal legal lawyer here. So, defend his right as your client!”
Toluene continues to smile down at the screen on her mobile telephone and states with a calm timber. “Stop acting, like a high school fart, kid! Lawyers talk that way to each other all the time. It means nothing and nobody.”
The bailiff stands in the far wall corner in front of his high stool seat wearing the standard brown tinted court house uniform with a holstered government-issued hand gun and shouts out loud into each pair of eardrums. “Please, stand up from the bench pew, for Judge Julia, as she enters her court room.” Each audience member stands and waits for Judge Julia to enter the room.
Beside the defendant’s table, Litisha swiftly spins around with a soft giggle and moves back to the prosecution’s table, softly clapping with a bright smile. Both Jeranda and Ferdome slowly stand upright from the shared bench seat and softly clap and laugh out loud. Jeranda wears a white tinted pants suit with a pair of matching white sandals. Her mother Ferdome displays a pale blue pants suit with a pair of matching sandals.
Litisha stops and stands behind her table leaning over, whispering a set of victorious words into the face of her two clients.
On the forward red-tinted natural walnut-coated wooden long wall, a hidden side door opens and then reveals the judge. She slowly moves ahead wearing a long, black-tinted robe, a white-tinted collared shirt, a pair of black tinted trousers, and a pair of black-tinted flat ballerina slipper shoes, climbs the short steps and then stops, sitting down inside her judge’s chair. She slaps the gravel on top of the polished wood and smiles at the gallery of teens. “Please, sit down. Good morning to all! I am Judge Julia. I am happy to see the audience gallery filled with lots of eager and happy teens for the court trial…”
“We were forced to come right here, right now. Else we would receive the letter grade of F for the day of academic tests, Your Honor.” A male voice sitting among the teens shouts out loud and then triggers an episode of silly laughter from all the students. The adults ignore the silly teenager.
Principal Marshall gasps in shock and then stands upright from the front row seats wearing a white dress shirt with tiny blue and red alternating pin-stripes, a navy blue sports jacket, and a pair of dark blue colored jeans, and a pair of red tinted, polished cowboy boots. He quickly swings around and searches the audience members for the rude teen, speaking to the judge, “That is not correct,” he spins back around with a smile and views Judge Julia. “I have given each student the option of coming here to witness an actual court trial. Or each student can remain on the school grounds and take the required academic examinations for the school session, Your Honor. However, if my eardrums continue to hear the tongue flap of unappreciated words, then the student can ride back to the school campus and take all their required academic examinations instead. Today is a class field day, where each academic student receives the letter grade of A for each class course.”
Litisha continues to stand and spins around, pointing and sneering at Marshall. “That’s both illegal and unethical. I will have you arrested for breaking the law and then slammed with a huge monetary fine for mistreatment of high school students. You need to return each student back to their academic class before…”
Sheriff Tommy Lee and his four police deputies stand against the rear wall and observe the crowd of teens, for any teenly trouble, which will be swiftly and quietly handled. Each officer wears the standard red tinted, police uniform with a holstered hand gun and a pair of polished black tinted cowboy boots.
Tommy Lee’s acute pair of eardrums also hear each word that circulates around the court room setting. He slowly moseys ahead down an empty aisle, stops, and then stands beside the nose profile on Principal Marshall, who is his friend and his co-worker with all the teens here today. He leans over and sneers into the face on Litisha. “Do you wanna repeat that verbal threat to me and Principal Marshall inside my jail cell, Attorney Litisha? Because, each Lacy Springs’ high school student is sitting here with a signed permission slip coming from their guardian or parent to attend a live court of law trial here at the court house location, which is an educational field trip from the free Alabama state government-paid Public School system. Also, the Alabama State Code for a High School Institution of Learning, with Number 13, Section 1990, states that any high school principal can provide a planned and schedule academic day class for each high school, where the academic student will participate and receive a letter grade for the academic participation. This court of law event had been planned and confirmed last week. Now, if you wanna dispute the Alabama Sate Code, lady lawyer, then you need to remove your person from the current court trial and come with me, so we can go and visit with the local Lacy Springs district attorney. Your draw!” He nods with a smile.
Principal Marshall sits down with loud laughter in the first padded chair wearing a smile.
At the prosecution’s table, Litisha spins around with a soft huff and stares at Judge Julia without sitting down.
On the judge’s bench, Judge Julia nods with a smile. “Please, sit down. Thank you for coming back into my court room, both teens and adults. The same rule applies here like yesterday. I see that the gallery is filled with young, eager minds of learning about law and order. Now, I do believe that we are ready to start. The prosecution side always goes first and has a list of eyewitness persons for a simple paternal case. Each witness will be sworn to tell the truth by the court room bailiff and then will sit inside the witness stand for each posed question coming from both the prosecution and the defense attorneys. I will caution here. Each eyewitness must come up here and sit in the eyewitness stand when your named is called. Each lawyer will ask the eyewitness a number of questions. Attorney Litisha, please, start the court room procedure.”
Litisha scoots away from the table, moves ahead, and then stops standing in the middle of the court room floor, wearing a smile. She extends both of her arms sideways for drama spinning around to face the audience inside the court gallery. “I call forth the personal medical physician that treats teenager Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth. The physician is named Dr. Howie Hamal. Please, come up and stand beside me. The bailiff will swear you and your testimony to the truth here in the court room and sitting in the eyewitness box.” She scoots away from the bailiff and stands beside her prosecution table gathering up her personal note cards with the questions.
On the first pew, next to Arie, a short, dark-colored, brown-eyed, grayed-haired male slowly stands, moves ahead, and then enters the court room stopping in front of the bailiff. He wears a brown-tinted business suit underneath his physician’s white-coated coat. He quickly and quietly takes the swearing-in ceremony and then spins around moving inside the witness stand, sitting down, staring with a silent nod to Flamingo. Flamingo nods back with a smile.
The bailiff returns to his sitting stool while observing the audience of teens and listening to the eyewitness’ words.
Litisha rushes from the prosecution table, stops, and stands beside the witness box nodding to the medical physician. “I will get right down to business, without any thought of mental pleasure. What is your professional medical opinion of Breck Freehurst McCory, the third, Dr. Hamal?”
Hamal nods with a smile to Flamingo then states to the court room gallery. “Mr. McCory, the fourth is a healthy and sexually active, unmarried eighteen years old male.”
“Is Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth the biological father of baby boy Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth?”
He turns and frowns saying to Litisha. “I cannot address that nasty, tricky-dicky medical question, ma’am, without a valid clinical blood test that determines the matching DNA of both the infant and my teenage patient Flamingo.”
She nods with a smile then states. “You are a licensed physician for the state of Alabama. Please explain the purpose of DNA matching as it is related to a son and his biological father.”
He clears his throat and then smiles saying with a calm timber. “First, the DNA strand from the child in a blood sample is taken and then compared to the DNA strand from the mother of the child. Genes that are present in the child but not present in the mother must belong to the biological father. These questionable genes are compared to the questionable father-donor. If the questionable genes match the genes of the questionable father-donor, then the male is the true biological father. If the questionable genes do not match, then he is not the biological father.”
She nods with a smile. “Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth has refused to provide a specimen sample of his tongue spit or his blood protein. Could either one of those specimens be used to determine the father of the child?”
He nods. “Yes.”
She nods with a smile then states. “Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth is one of three identical triplets. Could one of his identical, biological blood-related brothers and one of their matching DNA specimens be used to identify the biological father of the baby boy Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth?”
Hamal nods with a smile. “Yes.”
On the judge’s bench, Julia gasps in shock and turns to view the three high school teenagers. On the defendant’s table, a row of three brothers sit and appear slightly different in clothing and hair style but are three identical triplet siblings. She has not thought to order a single body specimen coming from one of the other two existing triplet brothers, but that judgment legal decision would have become very complicated to implement here inside her court room. Anyways, she does not know the McCory family, since she resides in Huntsville and only works here in the small cow town of Lacy Springs.
On the court room floor, Litisha turns and nods to the judge. “I do not have any more questions. I am finished with my first eyewitness, Your Honor.”
Julia turns and nods to the defendant’s table. “Then, it is your turn, Attorney Toluene. Do you have any questions for Dr. Hamal?”
“No.” Toluene shouts out loud her answer to the judge and continues to sit on the bench seat staring with a smile down at her mobile telephone screen.
Julia turns and smiles down saying at the medical physician, “You are excused from the witness stand, Dr. Hamal.”
Hamal nods to Julia and then stands, slowly moving ahead, resuming his same chair next to Arie. He leans down and whispers something to Arie. She continues to stare at the back spine on Flamingo while experiencing both her worried thoughts and feelings as an experienced mother and a newish grandmother. If only her stubborn son Flamingo would cooperate and donor some of his individual blood proteins, then this civil war battle would end within the McCory household. Arie has lost weight, her patience, and displays more gray hairs on her skull bone verbally fighting with her son, whom she loves more than her life. She would never ask her two other sons to donate a blood protein either, since that would end the motherly relationships with her three sons.
Within the next two weeks, her three sons are leaving her home, going off to college while making her feel sad, happy, worried, depressed, and proud. Arie is happy to have meet A.J., the new man in her life, who will never replace her first husband or her three sons.
On the defendant’s table, Breck looks down and sighs with worry reading the next page from the short stack of loose papers, whispering for his eardrums only. “This paper stack of hard copy reports was collected and then summarized by her attorney coming from numerous sources. This is a paper copy of Jeranda’s personal information,” he slowly flips through each page and marks it with a large symbolic X on top of the report, representing the silent word, useless, for Flamingo’s current court trial. He continues. “A copy of her Alabama state driver’s license shows her name, her birth date, her home address, her driver’s license number, and her physical description. The next page is a copy of her Social Security card and her personal dental and health insurance card, which is under the care of her mother Ferdome Exvanire, before Jeranda had her baby. This information is useless in helping Flamingo’s defense too.”
On top of the court room floor, Litisha spins around to face the audience again and tosses both of her arms in the air for more drama while presenting a smile. “I call forth the first paid psychiatrist from the prosecution’s team that will evaluate the biological father, who is eighteen years old, Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth.” She scoots out of the way back to her table.
On the front row beside Principal Marshall, a tall, slender adult woman slowly stands with a smile and wears a bright yellow-colored dress with a big blue flower on the front, displaying a head of brown hair, and a tone of pale skin, sliding into the aisle. She enters the court room floor, stops, and then stands in front of the bailiff, whispering the sweating-in ceremony, back stepping from him presenting a nod in silence. She spins around, moves ahead, and then sits inside the witness box, staring at Litisha. The bailiff returns to his stool seat.
Litisha moves head, stops, and stands beside the second eyewitness. “I will not waste time and resources here, Your Honor. Please answer my posed question. What is the present state of mind and the mental capacity on Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth?”
The female adult nods with a smile to Litisha. “I am a licensed psychiatrist. I am named Musette. I know people, who have grown up with an estranged father. The child always resents the actions of the estranged biological father and has a hard time with an absent and misplaced estranged biological father also. If there is an attempt to reconnect with the child in the later years of age, then the child will never become really happy again. However, Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth is a healthy and smart teen male, where he is more than capable in providing a lovely and safe home for his son, who is named after him, Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth.”
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo swiftly stands upright from the hard bench seat and sounds with a nasty sneer jabbing his finger at the Alabama state licensed psychiatrist, who was paid by his mother. “I object, whole-heartedly. This is a complete, clueless, conspiracy gathering theory here. I am not the father of that fucking-ass baby.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Julie turns and frowns at Flamingo, slapping her gravel on top of the shiny wooden surface. The sharp slap echoes through the room. She sneers. “Here! Here! I will have no such form of a vocal outburst or outbursts here inside my court room coming from anyone, including the defendant Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth.”
Flamingo sits down with a sour frown, leaning over, mouth spitting into the cheekbone on Breck. “Breck, tell that fucking-ass bitch beside your right pointy elbow to object for me! That second bitch is drowning my reputation as a good southern gentleman.” He softly chuckles at his silly imagination along with Cinco.
Breck looks up from the stack of papers while hearing the words from the witness and his brother and then leans over, sneering into the cheekbone on Toluene. “You must object for Flamingo. He can’t do it himself.”
Toluene continues to sit and smiles down at her phone. “I will.”
He snarls, “You missed your prized opportunity a few seconds ago.”
She exhales with annoyance and breathes down on her phone screen. “You will learn, if you are to become a lawyer, that you must choose your battles inside the court room. Litisha is going to win anyways.”
“What!” Breck gasps in shock and then whispers back with worry, without Flamingo hearing the private conversational words. “What does that statement mean? Why is Litisha going to win this trial case? What information do you possess that my mother does not?”
On top of the court room floor, beside the judge’s bench, Litisha stands sideways, so she can see the eyewitness’s movements plus the reactions from Flamingo, who continues to sit and sneers on the defendant’s table. She does not want to see the reactions of her client Jeranda. Jeranda is happy now that the trial is commencing. The court trial should be over in a few more minutes. “What else would you like to add to your professional medical opinion, doctor?”
Inside the witness stand, psychiatrist Musette turns and winks at Flamingo. “I do not have any more additional information to add. I wish Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth to receive a big, fat bag of bad luck. To Jeranda, stick to your empty guns and your wise plan, honey! Your payoff is coming very soonest,” she nods her bone skull and loudly laughs at the upcoming future of the teenage father.
Litisha nods then says to Musette. “I have finished with my second eyewitness for the prosecution team, Your Honor.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia turns and nods saying to the defense team. “Attorney Toluene, do you have questions for the second psychiatrist?”
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo’s lawyer Toluene continues to sit and stares down at her mobile telephone, typing on the tiny keyboard, loudly announcing to the announce while holding a smile. She shouts out her reply to the judge, “No ma’am!”
Julia turns and nods saying to Musette. “You may leave the witness stand.”
Inside the witness box, Musette nods back to the judge and stands upright from the hard, wooden chair wearing a smile, slowly moving around the chair while staring at Flamingo. She leaves the court room and softly chuckles. Flamingo frowns, without sound, and as Cinco viciously sneers at Musette.
Breck looks down and sighs with worry, wiggling the blue tinted ink pen near the stack of papers. He reads the next page on the stack of loose papers and whispers for his eardrums only. “This is paper copy of her birth certificate that contains the name of the child, date and time of birth, the city, and the birth hospital place, the parents’ name, the attending physician’s name and signatures of each parent,” he marks the page with a symbolic letter X and then flips the sheet staring down at the next report sounding with a gasp. “This is a paper copy of the baby’s birth certificate. The baby was birthed in Birmingham Hospital and is named after Flamingo, on February 4th, this year. She only signed the birth certificate, because she is the one of the two true parents, not my brother Flamingo.” He looks up and stares at Litisha.
On top of the court room floor, Litisha slowly struts around the polished wood, like a proud rooster, and then stops, facing the audience, tossing both of her arms in the air. Flamingo frowns. Cinco laughs. Litisha shouts out loud and points to the next eyewitness. “I call forth a second psychiatrist, who had been paid by Arie McCory, the mother of Breck McCory, the fourth.” She scoots back to her table for her new set of note cards.
On the second row inside the audience gallery, a petite female stands upright from the chair and presents a smile wearing a pale green colored, one-piece jumpsuit, a pair of fingerless gloves in dull red hue, strutting ahead on a pair of yellow-tinted high heeled sandals. She enters the court room floor, stops, and stands in front of the bailiff performing the same sweating-in ceremony with a soft whisper. She spins around to face the judge’s bench and the witness stand, moves ahead, enters the witness stand and then sits down displaying a pair of bright pink-tinted rimmed eyeglasses and a smile of crooked teeth on a tone of pale skin with a pixie hair style of brownish-gray. She wiggles side to side with a giggle inside the hard chair saying with a smile. “You need a new chair, Your Honor. This one is too hard on my tender a…”
“Awe! Thanks for the vocal suggestion, witness. Please, precede quickly, Attorney Litisha.” Julia frowns down at the hair roots of brownish-gray on the second licensed psychiatrist as the audience loudly laughs.
Litisha moves ahead with a smile, stops, and stands sideways between the witness stand and the defendant’s table while spying on Flamingo. “Please, tell us your medical opinion on Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth.”
She slaps both of her gloved hands with a loud pop on top the wooden railing and nods with a smile to the audience of teens. “I am Zolly. And I am a licensed psychiatrist, who has been paid by Arie McCory, the mother of Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth. Miss Jeranda Exvanire should give the child up for adoption. Miss Exvanire and Mr. McCory, the fourth are both obviously not ready to handle a crying, wetting, and needy infant baby. This poor child is going to pay the price for the rest of his days and nights. If Miss Jeranda remains unmarried and is the head of the household of two persons, one as a child, the odds of failure is against the child. The child has a greater chance of being a criminal and going to prison. The child had a greater chance of acquiring a mental illness. The child…”
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo leans over then turns facing Toluene, whispering over Breck. “Did you interview this quack doctor for my paternity defense?” Breck leans back into the hard pew’s back rest and listens to Flamingo’s question.
Toluene continues to sit and stares with a smile down at her mobile telephone screen. “She is a paid consultant for your trial case by your mother. I cannot remove her from the eyewitness stand. Don’t bother asking or objecting either. Anyways, it’ll look really bad for you. The judge and the jury of teens will think something is wrong or suspicious.”
Breck turns and growls at Toluene. “The licensed psychiatrist looks funny and is greatly disturbed and perturbed. Get her off the eyewitness stand right now!”
Toluene looks up and smiles at Zolly. “No.”
Zolly continues to nod to the audience of teens. “When this child finally reaches adulthood, he will have a greater chance to commit suicide. That’s death, not life, here, on Planet Earth, anymore. This child has a great chance to become a drug addict…”
Flamingo returns back into an upright pose then slowly stands upright from the chair and slaps his chest with a nod. “Look, Judge Julia! I do not take or purchase or own or receive any type of illegal substance or prescription medication, Your Honor. I am happy with my teenage life, right now. I have never had an inkling to commit suicide and leave my family members, my mother, or my teenly life. Her verbal statements are dangerous, ridicule, and insulating to my eardrums and my neurons, ma’am.”
“You are a well-spoken teenager, Flamingo. Your verbal comment has been noted and recorded in my court room. Please, sit down quietly for the rest of the eyewitness’ testimony, Flamingo.” The judge nods with a smile.
Zolly continues with a stern face. “The child has a greater chance of acquiring an eating disorder. The child has a greater chance of living in poverty, being physically abused and neglected by one or both parents. The child has a greater chance of becoming obese. In every possible way, the child is going to have a hard life, because Flamingo did not bother to wear a protective condom, before the fucking sex act. Now, he cannot be bothered to marry the young teen mother of Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth for some damn reason. O! Is a legal wedding ceremony with a married life a too perfect old-fashioned concept? I am sorry to report that there has been a raise in the shotgun wedding concept here within the U.S. State of Alabama and throughout the U.S.A., because of all young men, who are similar to you and your teenly weak male type, Flamingo. You can half-josh about the mother and her tiny baby and continue to tell your neurons is not your kid, but your wandering dick made this happen.” Some of the teens laugh. Some of the teens gasp. Arie gasps in shock. A.J. sneers at Zolly. Judge Julia stares with a stern face into the entrance wall. Each triplet brother softly performs a growling sound at Zolly.
On top of the court floor, Litisha nods with a smile. “Do you have anything else to add to your personal medical testimony, Zolly?”
Zolly smiles, “No.”
She nods. “Thank you for your testimony in this fatherly paternity case. I am finished with the third eye witness for the prosecution, Your Honor.”
Julia turns and nods down at the blonde hair roots on Toluene stating with a firm tone. “Do you have any questions for the third eyewitness against your defendant, Attorney Toluene?”
“No ma’am,” Toluene continues to sit and stares down at her mobile telephone.
“You may leave the witness stand, Zolly.” Julia turns and nods to the second psychiatrist. Zolly exits the witness box and resumes her previous chair inside the audience gallery in silence while watching the action inside the court gallery.
On the defendant’s table, Breck looks down and sighs with frustration marking a large blue tinted symbolic letter X on the new report for more worthless information and then flips the page. He reads the new page from the stack of loose papers and whispers for his eardrums only. “This is a hard copy report that shows the police history on Jeranda. O! She does not have a criminal history or a single parking ticket or a failure to appear in court or a failure to pay a traffic fine. And her driver’s license is not revoked, suspended or expired,” he marks the page with a large symbolic letter X for additional worthless information and then flips the page, reading for his eardrums only. “This report contains the vehicle registration, which belongs to her mother Ferdome Exvanire, not Jeranda. O! That’s why Jeranda does have a parking ticket or a failure to appear in court or a failure to pay a traffic fine or a criminal history with the local police department here in Lacy Springs. And her driver’s license is not revoked, suspended or expired. Because her mama drives her kid everywhere around the block,” he chuckles.
On the top of the court room floor, Litisha slowly circles the wooden planks and wears a smile then stops facing the gallery of teens again. “Now, I call up into the eye witness box, Mrs. Arie Dunlap Balegreen McCory.” She quickly returns to the prosecution’s table and watches Flamingo.
On the defendant’s table, each triplet brother quickly stands upright from hard bench seat and turns at the same time viewing their mother Arie. Arie slowly stands upright from the chair in the first row inside the galley pews and scoots into an empty aisle pressing both of her nervous hands down her faded blue jeans. She wears a pink-colored tee shirt and her pink-tinted cowgirl boots slowly moving ahead and then halts, opening the flap door.
At the defendant’s table, Breck follows the motions of his mother Arie and shouts out loud with confusion, “Mama!”
Cinco gasps in shock at her un-motherly behavior and shouts out loud also, “Mama!”
Flamingo stares at his mother with worry and confusion also and asks his attorney. “Why is my mother speaking at my court trial today? She is my mother, not my enemy here.”
Toluene continues to sit and looks up, nodding with a smile to Arie without words.
Arie slowly moves ahead, stops, and stands in front of the bailiff. The bailiff offers The Holy Bible manual and the words of the swearing-in ceremony for the new eyewitness within the paternity case.
Each triplet sits back down and stares at the back spine on their mother Arie in silence.
Toluene continues to sit and stares at the back spine on Arie also. “Arie received a legal subpoena from the prosecution team and must testify in the paternal case here today. She is not testifying against you, Flamingo. She’s testifying as a mother of three sons and a grandmother of one grandson.”
Flamingo leans forward viewing the nose profile on Toluene, mouth spitting on the defense table surface, “It has not been proven beyond any fact that she is a true grandmother, yet. Get her outta of this thing! Make this stop, my highly paid lawyer!”
Toluene continues to smile at Arie. “I can’t do anything.”
Flamingo sits back and growls with annoyance that his mother is testifying at his paternity case.
Arie out loud to all the eardrums in the audition swears to tell the truth then spins around slowly moving ahead and then slides down into the hard wooden, non-padded seat in the witness box, staring at her son Flamingo in silence. The bailiff returns to his high stool seat and watches the action.
On top of the court room floor, Litisha moves ahead, stops, and stands sideways facing the jury box, eyeballing Arie first and then Flamingo next. She turns and smiles to Arie. “I am not going to ask, if Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth is your biological son. Obviously, he is named after your deceased husband, who was named Breck Freehurst McCory, Junior. Did you know about a three-month-old baby boy, who is named after your son and is called, Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth, Mrs. McCory?”
Arie looks at Jeranda. “No.”
“Have you ever met the mother of the child, eighteen years old Jeranda Exvanire?”
“No.”
“Did you know about the mother of the child, Jeranda?”
“No.”
“Did your biological son, Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth, ever speak about Jeranda to you?”
“No.”
“Is your biological son, Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth, the true father of baby boy Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth?”
Flamingo swiftly stands upright and presents a sour frown. “No.”
Cinco swiftly stands upright and wears a sour frown. “Do not answer that question, Mama!”
Toluene continues to sit and frowns at Arie calling out loud. “Objection, Your Honor! A mother loves all of her biological children. However, a mother does not spy on her children for profit or greed, only love and worry. Anyways, I have already posed that baby question to Arie McCory. She does not know the answer either. So, you are wasting her time, my time, and the jury’s time with that question.”
Litisha spins around and gasps at Toluene. “What!”
Julia frowns and stares down at the black-colored hair roots on Litisha. “Attorney Litisha, have you ever heard the legal term: taking the Fifth. The Fifth Amendment, within the United States of America’s Constitution, gives the defendant the right not to testify against his or her person. However, it is not written, but generally accepted that the Fifth Amendment will cover a guardian or a parent, when the defendant is a minor child, who is not legally an adult, yet.”
Litisha points her green tinted manicured finger nail at Arie saying with a smile and a nod, viewing the judge. “But Mrs. McCory wants to testify in her son’s paternity court trial, right here and right now, Your Honor.”
“Mama!” Flamingo and gasps at Arie.
Arie turns and nods to Flamingo saying with a smile. “Yes, I greatly desire to speak to my son. This seems to be the only method of communication between us lately.” In the first row, A.J. continues to sit and watches Arie while exhaling with worry, closing both of his two eyelids with great concern also.
“Mama!” Flamingo sits down and then looks down at the polished floor planks, shaking his nasty ass-backwards baseball cap while feeling both annoyance and frustration with his mother Arie.
Cinco leans over and whispers into the eardrum on Flamingo. “Look! I feel the same way. She received a legal law court room subpoena. She can’t resist the American legal system either. Else, I read that our mama could go to jail or something worser. We don’t want jail time for our mama, Flamingo, ever, never.”
On the floor, Litisha spins back around and smiles at Arie. “Do you have anything to say to your son, at this moment in time? This is a great opportunity to perform that service here and now.”
Arie turns and smiles at Flamingo. “I have three points of advice for my middle child. Be there for your child. Be there for your girl. Be there for yourself. You have made the biggest investment in life, a child. A child is the most precious investment of your life, Flamingo. When I held the baby in my arms for the first time, it was a magical moment that I will never forget in my life and will cherish forever. Trust yourself, Flamingo. It is not the pain, but the joy of a child that outweighs all of your misery and troubles. Have fun and enjoy with your new family and good luck from your loving mother.”
Litisha stands sideways and nods to Arie, turning with a smile to view Flamingo. “Thank you for that set of precious and kind words to your biological son, Mrs. McCory.” Jeranda starts to applaud. Litisha spins around and faces the rows of teens, tossing both of her arms in the air. Some of the teens start to cheer and clap. Some of the teens start to boo and display a middle finger at an evil Litisha. Flamingo frowns. Breck looks up and stares in silence at the dog and pony show. Cinco sneers at Litisha.
On the judge’s bench, Julia frowns at the dramatic moment and then slaps her gravel on top of the wooden bench, “All right! That’s enough here. I will have quiet inside my court room right now!” The audience of teens continue to annoy the judge with more loud noises. Principle Marshall hears the commotion then stands quickly spinning around facing the teens. The teens slowly stop the racket and the court room returns quiet. He continues to stand to enforce the law and order inside the court room.
At the defendant’s table, Toluene smiles to Arie, “Whatever happens at the end of your court trial, Flamingo, remember this one!”
The triplet brothers turn and stare at Toluene. Flamingo asks. “What am I to remember?”
“Don’t boil the baby inside a cracked pot!” Toluene states then laughs out loud spinning around in her chair and stares at Arie.
Cinco frowns then asks. “What’s wrong with your fucking-ass lawyer?”
“Arrogant. Overconfident. Rich. Pick one!” Flamingo frowns and then views Arie.
“I can hear you, Flamingo and Cinco!” She sneers and views Arie too.
Breck frowns at Toluene then looks down at the sentence of words on the new report whispering for his eardrums only. “Our mama paid her too much money. Now, she doesn’t care about Flamingo’s teen life.” He continues to study the report and marks the page with gigantic blue tinted symbolic letter X for more worthless material in the court trial, flipping the page, reading the next page for his eardrums only. “The report is nicely typed in black tint with the following words: no voter registration card, no marriage certificate, no divorce decree, no arrest record, no civil small courts legal case, no criminal court case, no juvenile court case, and no death records,” he softly chuckles. “Okay. Jeranda is not a dead person but a boring teenager, like me,” he marks a big symbolic letter X on the single page, flipping the report, reading the new page in silence.
On top of the court room floor, Litisha nods with a smile to Arie. “I have finished questioning the witness, Your Honor.”
Julia turns and nods to the defense attorney. “Do you have any questions for Mrs. McCory, Attorney Toluene?”
“No.” Toluene smiles at Arie then views her phone.
“You are dismissed from the witness stand, Mrs. McCory.” Julia turns and nods to Arie.
Arie nods with a smile to Litisha and then exits the witness stand slowly moving across the floor, staring with a stern face in silence at her son Flamingo, who is the father of a three-month-old baby.
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo views the floor planks and presents a sour frown wearing a heart of fury, silently feeling angry at his mother for testifying against his person, his words, and his heart. Arie should believe her son over a stranger, including the lying face of a whore, like teen Jeranda.
Breck looks up presenting a smile and a nod to his mother, in silence. Cinco stares and sounds with a loud hiss at his mother for interfering with the judgment of the baby’s father, which is not his brother Flamingo.
Arie slowly exits the court gallery and presents a worried brow sitting by A.J. again. She leans over and whispers her concerns. They softly engage in a private conversation about Flamingo.
On top of the court room floor, Litisha continues to priss around then stops facing the audience of teens with a smile, tossing both of her arms above her bone skull. “I call forth my next eyewitness, who is named Wroclaw.”
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo looks up with puzzlement and then spins around scanning the audience of teens. “Who is named as that dude?”
Breck looks up and frowns at the judge’s bench, spinning around and views the audience of teens. “I don’t know a male named Wroclaw. Is he a new teen at Lacy Springs High? I do not recognize that first or last name of a prior school student either.”
Cinco spins around and frowns at the audience of teens also. “Me, too! I don’t know a Wroclaw either. Is he a teacher at our school?”
Behind the prosecution’s table, on the edge of the third pew bench, a tall, skinny young adult male with a head of black colored hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, and a pair of brown colored eyeballs, slowly stands upright. He does not smile and wears a blue-colored tee shirt, a pair of tan-colored walking shorts, and a pair of green-colored sneakers. He allows all the audience members and the defense team see his person.
On the defendant’s table, Toluene looks up and turns to face the audience of teens sounding with a gasp, staring at the unknown male. “I don’t know that asshole either.”
Breck gasps in shock. “You’re supposed to receive a listing of all eyewitnesses from the prosecution team.”
“I did.”
Breck frowns. “Then you didn’t do you lawyering job, like you’re supposed to.”
Each triplet spins around and follows the unknown male into the court floor in silence.
The unknown young adult male slowly moves into the court floor, stops, and then stands in front of the bailiff softly whispering the words to the swearing-in ceremony. He spins around with a smile and slides into the witness seat staring at the audience of teens. Each pair of eyeballs stares back at him experiencing both shock and wonderment. The bailiff returns to his stool seat and watches the action.
Litisha spins around from the audience, moves ahead, and then stops standing sideways between the witness box and the defendant table while spying on Flamingo, “Wroclaw, thank you for accepting and coming with my invitation inside the court room today.”
On the defendant’s table, Breck leans over and sneers into the cheekbone on Toluene. “Object to Wroclaw!”
Toluene stares with a confused brow at the unknown young male, “I cannot now. I didn’t know he was coming here today. So, he is present here and gets to testify in the paternal case.”
“What is he going to spit out from the witness stand?”
She gasps, “Uh! I don’t know.”
He exhales. “I will repeat here again. You’re Flamingo’s paid lawyer. When are you going to start working for that deposited and now cashed personal check from my mother?”
She giggles with a grin. “This is part of the lawyering stuff, kid. You’ll quickly learn that, too, if you ever become a licensed lawyer in the State of Alabama.”
He spits out his mouth salvia on her smooth cheekbone. “Yes, I will become a licensed lawyer here. Then my mother and my farm and my two brothers and my future family member will never, ever have to deal with an incompetent lawyer, like you,” Breck growls.
Toluene turns with worry and ten gasps at the slightly red-tinted, angry face on Breck. Her law firm depends on all wealthy families, like the McCory clan, who pay payroll salaries and all the fun free beach trips to Florida.
In the witness stand, Wroclaw nods with a smile back to Litisha, “Thanks to you and your money. That’s why I am here.”
Litisha nods with a smile. “Please describe your personal teenly experience as a non-married father.”
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo swiftly stands upright from the bench seat and jabs his finger at the stranger. “Hey, man! I do not know your person. Who is your person? Why are you here inside that witness stand and here at my court trial? I do not understand, Your Honor.”
Toluene turns and frowns at the new person, “Your Honor, who is this person?”
Julia turns and frowns down at the brown-tinted hair roots on the young adult male. “Who are you, unknown person? What are you doing here inside my court room?”
Litisha walks around the court galley and slaps both of her arms behind her back spine, saying with a smile. “He is a character witness for an illegitimate child, Your Honor. I wanted you to hear the story of the newborn baby, who cannot talk or walk or take care of his body parts,” she softly chuckles.
On the judge’s bench, Julia laughs out loud with some of the other teens. “Well, that’s a first here inside my court room. I will allow this to proceed.”
Toluene frowns. “Your Honor, why is this male with his non-related words proceeding here in my paternity case?”
She turns and nods to Toluene. “There is no harm in hearing his special baby story here. Please proceed!”
Litisha turns and nods to Wroclaw. “Tell us your story, Wroclaw!”
Wroclaw nods with a smile. “My past life, I was eighteen years old and still in the high school setting.”
She laughs out loud and whips out the item from her jacket, holding her mobile telephone near her smile, swinging around to face the audience of teens. “Well, I do believe that rings with a familiar tone. And it ain’t coming from my cell phone, folks!” Some of the teens laugh out loud. The other teens sound with a set of boos and hisses to Litisha.
Wroclaw stares with a nod and a stern face at Flamingo. “I viewed the intuition of marriage as a happening event in my future, not my present. My girlfriend became pregnant. Instead of marrying the mother of my child, I expressed my devotion to the child by being there when she took her first walk as a toddler. Then, there came her first tooth and her first word, which of course, was Da-da. Me! I always wanted to something that was mine, something that I had made. And I got it with my child. I was very happy, and I was not married. We never married. My child has brought purpose to my life taking care of my daughter. I was scared and nervous at first. It took a little time for me to talk about other strangers. I was not angry or distrusting of my current girlfriend. We are not married still, but we are good friends and share our daughter with total happiness. My daughter is the number one person in my life.”
On the defendant’s table, Cinco frowns, “His daughter is number one, because he ain’t married to the mother of his child. My girl Babbie is the number one person in my life. If she became pregnant, today, then we both would deal with it, together.”
Flamingo smiles, “Babbie is a fine girl, who will become a fine wife for you, Cinco.”
“Damn right and proud of it, too!” Cinco nods with a grin at the witness stand with Wroclaw.
Breck looks down and sighs with frustration at the hired lawyer for Flamingo and the lack of good evidence for Flamingo’s court case, whispering out loud reading the next page for his eardrums only. “This is a real estate property report for a physical home. Ferdome does not pay any type of property taxes. O! Ferdome does not own a home or a plot of land for her family; she has rented an apartment here in Lacy Springs and in the city of Huntsville,” he marks the page with the blue tinted symbolic letter X for more worthless material in the present court trial, flipping the page, softly whispering the contents for his eardrums only. “This is a social welfare report. Geez! Ferdome has received payments from the Medicaid United States of America Federal Government fund for each medical bill for her sick daughter Jeranda. And Ferdome currently receives a monthly Social Security check as a disabled person from the United States of America Federal Government. Really!” Breck looks up and turns sideways and then studies Ferdome saying with a whisper. “She doesn’t like a disabled person,” he looks back down and starts to mark the worthless page, gasping in shock. “The bottom of the provided social welfare report shows Flamingo’s name. Why is Flamingo’s name here? He is a teenager, not an adult. He is mentioned on the unpaid child support list here in the great State of Alabama without his knowledge or the knowledge of my mother or the sorry-ass paid lawyer’s information. I need to show this to Toluene,” he looks up and turns staring at the nose profile on Toluene, exhaling with annoyance, seeing her movements.
He whispers for his eardrums only, “She’s too busy with her damn texting fun, instead of helping Flamingo. It does really matter now. Flamingo is going to lose his paternity case today. There is not a single piece of physical or medical or mental or emotional or economic or spiritual evidence that shows that he is not the father of the cute baby with golden curls of platinum blonde like me and him and Cinco. This kangaroo court is only a fake presentation of nothing, where Litisha is insulting my guts and Toluene is pissing me off. Then, Flamingo, well, my mama will pay out all the money seeing her new blood-related grandson, 24 hours per day and night.” Breck turns and stares at the nose profile on Flamingo.
Flamingo leans into Cinco and whispers about the court trial.
Cinco has been a good friend for Flamingo, siding with his triplet brother and facing nasty wrath from their mother Arie. However, Cinco does not relent or surrender his support for Flamingo, which is a good quality for a friend and a brother, unlike first born asshole Breck.
Breck exhales with worry and frustration about the paternity case and returns back looking down at the social welfare report, marking the page with an X for additional worthless material in the present court trial. He flips the page and whispers for his eardrums only reading the new information. “O! This page is a copy of her academic records. School academic records are confidential and only shown to the parents or guardians. However, a person at the age of eighteen years old, which is Jeranda, must authorize the release of her personal school records, before the records can be viewed by another third party, including her parents or a lawyer or a police officer. This report shows the school district in the city of Huntsville and here in Lacy Springs too. Jeranda was a very poor academic student here at Lacy Springs High School. And she dropped out of high school to birth her baby. That means, she will not graduate from high school, either. Now, I know the motion for attaching her baby to Flamingo, her permanent state of happiness and security with the money, honey.” He snarls at the future sad events for Flamingo and the happy events for Cunt-face Jeranda.
On top of the court room floor, Litisha nods with a smile then asks Wroclaw, “Do you want to add anything else to your intriguing story, sir?”
Inside the witness stand, Wroclaw turns and stares with a smile and a nod to Flamingo. He says, “Yeah, I wanna tell you that also, my newish father Flamingo. A child is worth it. Enjoy your life as a father. I did. I do. I will for many, many years to come.”
Litisha soft claps with some of the teens and nods with a smile to Wroclaw. She states, “Thank you for sharing your special story and your special message, Wroclaw. I do not have any more questions, Your Honor,” she drops both of her arms at her side and then spins around to see Toluene.
Julia turns and frowns down at the blonde-colored hair roots on Toluene asking the lawyer. “Attorney Toluene, do you have any questions for the new eyewitness in this paternal case?”
On the defendant’s table, Toluene continues to smile and views her phone shouting out loud her response to the judge, “No, ma’am.”
Julia turns and nods down at the brown-colored hair roots on Wroclaw. “You are dismissed from the witness stand and this case. Thank you for coming!”
Wroclaw crawls out from the witness box then swiftly moves ahead exiting the court room. He has received his cash money from Litisha and has finished his testimony for the morning returning home.
On top of the court room floor, Litisha twirls around and then stops winking at Jeranda, feeling good about the on-going court trial. Jeranda nods back with a smile to Litisha. Litisha tosses both of her arms above her hair roots and shouts out loud with a smile. “I call forth my next eyewitness, Miss Retta Jean.”
“What!” Breck looks up and turns with a gasp staring at Retta Jean, who sits inside the jury box. Retta Jean wiggles side to side in silence and stares at Flamingo.
“How is that possible?” Flamingo turns and gasps at Retta Jean also.
Cinco turns and sneers at Retta Jean. “What the fuck is this now?”
Toluene looks up from her phone and turns with a smile to see Retta Jean. “Well, I’ll be damned.”
Breck whispers for his eardrums only. “One day, you will be,” he softly chuckles at his high school friend. Litisha has made a huge mistake. No one messes with Arie McCory or Retta Jean Moore. These two ladies can take care of themselves and anyone else that gets in their way, similar to The Quartet way but without the spilled blood proteins and torn gut organs.
Litisha jabs her finger and wears a smile at the jury box that holds three female teens, including Retta Jean. “The senior smart AP student at Lacy Springs High School named Retta Jean also received a subpoena from the prosecution’s team, yesterday afternoon at her home. And she has accepted the document and is…”
Breck turns and sneers at the cheekbone on Toluene, “Do something, lawyer!”
Toluene frowns. “I cannot do anything, if she really has a subpoena document from Litisha.”
Julia turns and nods to Retta Jean. “Do you have a subpoena, Retta Jean?” Retta Jean reaches down and lifts up a small piece of paper near her jaw line in silence. Julia nods to Retta Jean and then turns, exhaling with annoyance at Litisha. “Well, this is highly usual. However, I will allow it here inside my court room, because I rule here in my court room.” The audience of teens swiftly stands and claps for the judge. Julia turns back and smiles. “Retta Jean, you have my permission to leave the jury box as a juror and then assume a new role as the new eyewitness for the prosecution’s team. Don’t be scared, young lady! I am here to protect the rights of teens from the evil thing here inside my courtroom,” she laughs with the standing teens. The teens slowly all sit down watching the next action within the active court of law.
Retta Jean nods and exits the witness stand moving ahead, entering into the witness stand and then stares with a worried brow at the triplet brothers in silence.
Litisha moves ahead, stops, and stands sideways between the witness stand and the defendant’s table while spying on Flamingo. “Do you know Mr. Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth?”
Retta Jean nods with a fake smile to Litisha. “Yes, I know Flamingo. He is all right for a male,” she laughs with the other teens.
Litisha frowns. “Did you go on a nightly date with Flamingo?”
“No.”
“Did you go on any nightly date with Flamingo?”
“No.”
Litisha laughs, “How interesting! Both of your neurons are highly marked within the same intelligence range. You and Flamingo would make a handsome couple.”
Retta Jean growls at the lawyer. “What’s your sick and mental mind game here, lady attorney? Where did you get that confidential high school information?”
Litisha waves the sheet of paper near her smile. “My secret but public information comes from your personal school record.” Retta Jean turns and gasps with Flamingo. Litisha smiles with a nod at Retta Jean. “Do you see here? When you dare to participate within a legal game, you become part of the legal system, dear. Then, the nasty prosecution lady, which is me, gets to find out all kinds of shit that has crawled up your ass.”
Retta Jean returns back and growls at Litisha. “You cannot intimidate me, nasty bitch woman. Yes. Flamingo and I are both smart and attend the same advanced academic program there at Lacy Springs High School. However, it is not against the law to be smart and to be friends with my fellow classmates, you nasty, ugly legal lawyer,” she laughs with the other teens.
Litisha frowns. “You are very, very smart. And college is very, very expense. Did you receive a full scholarship from Mrs. Arie McCory to attend Birmingham University, this coming June?”
“Yes.”
“And are your teenly feelings and emotions both sweet and kind towards Mrs. McCory also?”
Retta Jean nods with a smile. “Yes, Arie is a nice woman and an excellent business lady.”
“And is your biological father employed by Arie also?”
“Yes.”
“Do you always call Arie, Mrs. McCory?”
On the defendant’s table, Breck looks up with a gasp and leans over, mouth spitting in the cheekbone on Toluene, “Litisha is destroying her testimony and her character, assholette. Do something to stop that bench bitch, Toluene?”
Toluene continues to stare down at her mobile telephone. “Do you use that vile language and talk to me like that!”
“I can talk to you with or without a string of ugly curse words. My mama’s money had been paid for you to take orders from me. You object to the line of questions, right now! Or I will realign your fucking two nose holes in front of eyewitness here inside the court room,” he leans over and sneers into her cheekbone.
Toluene looks up with frown and wipes Breck’s mouth spit off her face saying with a sour frown, “Objection!”
Litisha spins around on the floor and faces Toluene shouting with a smile. “What! What did you say to offend you or the young girl?”
Toluene turns and nods to Julia. “Your Honor, Retta Jean is not a love interest here with Flamingo. That has been made very clear here. She is only a high school student that attends the super-smart A.P. classes with her super smartass classmate Flamingo. Her person and her testimony are irrelevant to this fatherly paternity case. Please dismiss the witness, Your Honor.”
Julia nods with a sneer to Toluene. “I will do that. And it has taken you too long with your lawyer’s time for an objection with this line of questioning with a high school teenager, Attorney Toluene. You are dismissed, Retta Jean. You can go back and sit and pretend to be a juror back inside the jury box, dear.”
Retta Jean swiftly stands upright from the hard chair and growls at Litisha, “Thank you, ma’am!” She exits the witness stand with a stern face of worry for Flamingo and swiftly returns back into the jury box, leaning over, whispering into the eardrum on her friend and high school student Messi.
On the defendant’s table, Toluene gasps in shock and then hears the musical scale on her mobile telephone looking down, reading the text and then types on the tiny keyboard.
On top of the court room floor, Litisha slowly twirls around and then stops winking to Jeranda at the prosecution’s table while feeling victorious.
On the prosecution’s table, Jeranda bounces up and down on top of the hard pew seat, softly clapping without sound and presents a wide smile in silence. She knows the next step here in the court procedure, but it appears that Flamingo does not.
On the defendant’s table, Cinco leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Flamingo while staring at Litisha and then Jeranda. “Something bad is about to happen, dude! I can smell it.”
Breck turns and frowns at Cinco. “Why do you say that, bro?”
Cinco jabs his finger at Litisha and then to Jeranda feeling worry, whispering to his two brothers, “The stupid behavior from a grown woman and the silly reaction from a stupid teen. Litisha is pulling a bunny rabbit outta of her ass next.”
Breck gasps in alarm. “Litisha might be asking for the judge to rule right here and right now. Can that be true, Flamingo?”
Flamingo nods with a stern face at Litisha. “She might be pulling a bunny rabbit outta of my ass next. I do not think my court trial is going my way like I have planned from the start.”
On the top of the court room floor, Litisha tosses her head backwards seeing at the ceiling tiles and shouts out loud. “I call forth my next eyewitness. Her name is Violet,” she looks down and laughs out loud watching Violet in the audience of teens.
“Violet!” Flamingo swiftly stands upright from the bench seat and feels worry spinning around to face the audience of teens. Breck and Cinco both stand upright from the bench seat and spin around looking in the teens, finding Violet.
On the last row of individual chairs outside the audience section, Violet sits between her parents and slowly stands upright from her seat scooting into an empty aisle. Each hand reaches out and pats her back spine and as she looks down to view the dirty wooden planks and slowly moves ahead towards the court floor with the judge, the jury box of teens, and the nasty prosecution lawyer Litisha. It is obvious Flamingo’s lawyer cannot do anything or is not going to do anything to stop the court trial or aid Flamingo.
On the defendant’s table, Toluene gasps in shock and stands upright from the shared bench seat, spinning around with a smile, viewing the pretty girl.
“Violet!” Breck leans over and sneers over the blonde-colored hair roots on a shorter Toluene. “Litisha has called Violet to the stand. Stop this, assholette!”
Toluene sneers and watches Violet, wiping the mouth spit from her hair roots. “My name is not assholette, first. Second, I cannot dismiss an eyewitness, especially, since she wears a beautiful three caret diamond ring that represents the fiancé of Flamingo,” she turns and winks at Flamingo.” Did you f…?”
Flamingo turns and sneers at Toluene. “Fuck off, asshole! That’s a private question for me only.”
She laughs with a nod. “This is a good example of what happens when you get what you want.”
Breck hisses at Toluene. “What does that mean?”
She tosses both of her hands near her smile. “You requested a jury box of peers, teenagers. So, only a teenager can testify in a teenly court of law, Flamingo. I thought you were some kind of genius. I guess, you’re just another dumbass high schooler, without real life knowledge. Good thing, you’re going to college to learn something for a good paying job,” Toluene turns and watches Violet. “Anyways, I was wondering, if there might be a second paternity suit coming…”
“Asshole,” Flamingo leans over and collides into the rib cage on Breck while trying to kill his highly paid lawyer with both bare hands. He snarls and hisses at the petite female.
Breck wobbles a little from Flamingo’s body collision but maintains his upright stance as he is the same height and weight with his brother Flamingo. He reaches over and hugs his brother keeping Flamingo from killing his own lawyer in spilling cold blood proteins.
Cinco laughs at his two brothers then spins around tossing both of his arms in the air, waving at the judge. He says with a smile, “Your Honor, over here! Hey, Your Honor! I need to piss in the men’s bathroom, Your Honor. I wanna go and do it there. But I don’t wanna miss all the nasty action here inside your court room.” He starts to laugh again and then reaches over slamming his fist into Breck’s bicep.
Breck releases Flamingo then turns trying to start a fight with his baby brother. Flamingo spins around and faces the audience members leaning away from the brotherly fight.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia turns and softly giggles at the silly teen, nodding with a grin. “Neither, do I. Very well! I need a cold, tall beverage right now. I do believe that each attorney with their client also needs a cold, tall beverage also. We are dismissed for fifteen minutes. Then, we all will return back and resume the court trial for the paternal case. Everyone, go and take a beverage or potty break, like me,” she stands and stretches her arms, turning and then exits the court room.
On the first row of occupied chairs, A.J. swiftly stands, scoots away from Arie, stops, and then leans over, reaching out, grabbing onto the black-colored, vile-worded tee shirt, bad-breathing at the cheekbone on Flamingo. “What’s going on here, Flamingo? This is not a rumble of fists.”
Flamingo frowns with worry and says with a sissy voice. “Violet is going to testify on the eye witness stand.” Breck and Cinco stop fighting listening to the private conversation.
He twists the fabric on Flamingo’s shirt between his pair of strong hands, nodding with a stern face. “I possess excellent vision, also, Flamingo. This is a court of law. You can end all of silly mess, right now. Tell me! I will tell the judge that you wanna take the paternity test.”
Flamingo looks down to see the floor and the ceiling, and finally to view AJ. “I love Violet and my mama and my two brothers and you, A.J. But…but…this is about me. Naw! I refuse to take my blood test from my body or my pinky finger for a blood test. I am not the father of that child. I told the truth here. And everyone will hear the truth told today in this court room.”
He releases the shirt and then shoves Flamingo backwards saying with a stern face, “All right! I hear and see too. However, you and your two brothers, please try to behavior like a set of young adults, not young mammals. This is also hard on your mother. She is torn between the love of an innocent baby and her three sons. Good luck, Flamingo! I’m rooting for you, also.”
Cinco spins around and shoves Flamingo’s body towards the edge of the bench seat. “Thanks, A.J.! Even if Flamingo doesn’t say it, he thinks it. Get moving off this long-ass, hard, bench seat! My cheek butts are numb. I really do gotta piss, before your court trial re-starts again. I don’t wanna miss any of the hated action, dude.” He laughs again.
A.J. steps backward from the wooden railing and the triplets then slowly scoots down the pew bench, standing inside a busy aisle, hugging Arie. Arie stares at Flamingo in silence.
 On the defendant’s table, Toluene slides off the bench seat standing inside the court room floor and tosses both of her arms in the air, holding her phone, pointing towards the forward wall, “Every member of defense team come in here to the court room floor and follow me! We’re going to move towards the forward wall and enter one of the meeting rooms, before the fifteen-minute deadline,” she spins around with a chuckle and faces the forward wall that holds the judge’s bench and the witness box swiftly moving between the witness stand and the jury box.
Cinco dashes ahead in the opposite direction and shoves some of the teens away from his tallness, exiting the court room for the men’s bathroom.


Recess break
Meeting room location
10:31 a.m.


Toluene leads then enters a hidden door on the side wall. Breck, Flamingo, Arie and A.J. follows behind her. They all disappear behind the closed door.
Inside the hallway of gray paint and a continuous red tinted walnut wooden floor, Toluene continues to move ahead and wears a smile, turns, and then enters an open archway.
Breck enters the room next and surveys the space saying with a smile. “Is this one of the prison cells for a misbehaving lawyer, Toluene?”
Toluene stops and stares at the side glass window that displays a garden of flowers and a pond of water. “No. This is a meeting room for the guilty parties.” She softly chuckles at her silly joke.
“Why are we here? Why are we meeting? What is the issue here?” A.J. moves inside the new room, stops, and stands behind a small circular table, staring at the back spine on the lawyer. Arie moves ahead, stops, and stands beside A.J. at the same conference table while staring out the glass window feeling deep worries about Flamingo and his paternal court trial. 
In front of the glass window of bright sunlight and white clouds, Toluene spins around from the pretty day and nods to each person saying with a stern face. “The judge has called this recess, before the prosecution calls up its last eyewitness.”
A.J. frowns. “Who is the last eyewitness in the court trial?”
Toluene nods to Flamingo. “The last eyewitness is always the guilty party, in this case, the guilty party is Flamingo.”
Breck frowns, “O yeah! I knew that.”
Toluene exhales. “I will clarify and explain to each one of you. The mathematical odds that the judge rules in favor with Flamingo is zero to negative one thousand.”
Flamingo nods with a stern face. “I understand all of that. We still proceed with my on-going court trial, until it is not on-going anymore.”
She frowns. “The mathematical odds that the judge orders a paternity test is one hundred percent on your butt-hole, Flamingo.”
He nods. “I don’t give a damn, assholette. We still proceed with my on-going court trial, until it is not on-going anymore.”
She nods. “The mathematical odds that the judge rules Flamingo as the father of the paternity case is one hundred percent.”
Flamingo frowns. “I understand all of that. We still proceed with my on-going court trial, until it is not on-going anymore.”
Toluene turns and frowns at Arie. “Arie, you have been very quiet and quietly standing over there.”
“Yeah. And I wonder and ponder the reasons why too.” Flamingo turns and sneers with fury at his mother.
Cinco finds and enters the meeting room, after his pissing action, and then collides into the stationary back spine on Flamingo, reaching out, hugging his brother trying to initiate a verbal fight with their mother Arie or his friend A.J. or his brother Breck. Family tenses are high, and the family emotions are filled with fury.
In front of the window, Toluene nods with a stern face. “Arie and Flamingo, this is not an idea court case here. By admission of electing not to sit and test for a common fatherly paternity test, Flamingo is admitting a silent plea of guilt within every pair of eyeballs and into each pair of eardrums.”
Cinco continues to hug Flamingo protecting his family members. Flamingo jabs his finger and growls at his lawyer. “I’m innocent here, cunt. I want to precede with my on-going court trial, until it is not on-going anymore, bitch lawyer. Do you hear my nasty words? Or do I need to use more cuss words, assholette?”
“Innocent, before guilty, ain’t that right, Breck?” Cinco sneers at Toluene.
Breck exhales with a whisper in both confusion and worry, softly saying. “Yes.” He feels both dumb and puzzled. He plans to attend college and then enroll in law school becoming a lawyer as his chosen career path while supporting and defending his mother and his farm in a court of law on any type of legal case that might arise during his life time while living as an adult here in Lacy Springs. Now, his neurons are empty of mental thoughts, and his heart is confused with teenly emotions.
Flamingo is the biological father of the baby boy but refuses to set and take a fatherly paternity test. The baby appears exactly like Flamingo and his two brothers, who are a set of identical triplet brothers. The baby possesses a head full of blonde-colored curls, a pair of piercing blue tinted eyeballs, and a tone of peach-colored skin, like Flamingo, Breck and Cinco.
His mother Arie is secretly thrilled and is outwardly worried about Flamingo and the infant child. She wants her son Flamingo happy and the child safe within a good home, which is her personal house at the McCory Cow Ranch. She possesses numerous bank account of cash monies as a rich billionaire, which will make that dream come true for her, Jeranda, and the baby.
As a matter of true, the mother of the child, the child, and the grandmother are currently living inside a small two-bedroom house that Arie owns located on the edge of the farm property. So, the child is safe and warm and fed and clothed.
However, Arie desires to hold a proper family social environment for her new grandson with her three biological sons and her new boyfriend A.J., but Flamingo is becoming the troublemaker here.
Flamingo has been shouting out loud and fury towards his set of angels and the rest of the angels in heaven that are listening that he is not the father of the child.
However, Arie does not believe her son. She knows that Flamingo is really the wild-ass teen among her triplet sons. She has been expecting and planning for this happy day, so she is not totally shocked or surprised, after birthing three handsome and independent sons.
A teen male and female love to mate with numerous sex acts.
Arie has plenty of money and land property and motherly free time to enjoy an illegitimate grandson. Flamingo does not have time for a newborn son or daughter or baby as he is preparing to leave his home and attend the college environment for a better life and future job. Arie will not stop Flamingo and will not insist upon a church wedding either.
Flamingo is extremely smart and driven to become a licensed medical physician. And he will succeed with that childhood dream without the company of his biological baby or a marriage ceremony with the biological mother of his child either.
Arie continues to stand and cuddles with A.J. wearing a stern face while hearing the old information, worrying about her three sons.
Outside the meeting room, the closed wooden door of dull white paint sounds with a firm knock. The entrance door cracks open and reveals the stern face on the bailiff. “The judge has called the defendant’s team back into the court gallery. The fifteen minutes has finished. She is waiting at the judge’s bench for Flamingo and his lawyer,” he nods with a stern face to Toluene and spins around, leading the parade of people through an empty hallway.
The triplet brothers, A.J., and Arie exit the meeting room and move ahead in silence, following the back spine on the bailiff back into the court room.  
In front of the glass window, Toluene continues to stand and wears a smile whispering for her eardrums only. “Finally, this is about to end. Then, I can go on my earned two-week long fun vacation trip on the Florida beaches with my husband, Yeah!” She exits the meeting room without closing the door and enters the court room.
The bailiff stops and stands beside the open archway, guarding the doorway, waiting for Toluene. He watches the gallery of guests and lawyers for any trouble.


Court gallery location
Eye witness box setting
11:01 a.m.


Each teen, adult, and police officer has returned to the audience section and nosily wiggles on top of a pew bench. Some teens talk on their individual mobile telephone. Other teens talk with each other. Arie and A.J. move ahead and sit on first row beside Violet’s parents, without speaking to them, and stares at a sour face on each triplet.
The triplet brothers slowly scoot back and sit down on the shared bench seat at the defendant’s table and stare at the witness box expressing a gasp of shock.
Violet sits inside the witness box and looks down at the wooden railing without seeing her friends or her fiancé nervously twirling her engagement diamond ring around her ring finger. She feels both unhappy and worried.
Yesterday, when she arrived home, there was a Lacy Springs’ police officer waiting for her. He handed her a subpoena to testify against Flamingo for the prosecution’s team.
Violet is not afraid to testify as she does believe in the justice system here in America. She is emotional angry at Flamingo for not taking a commonly used paternal blood test to find out if the baby is his child. She is worried that the baby is his child as Flamingo refuses to acknowledge the child or test his blood proteins against the baby’s.
Violet was present at the court event yesterday listening to her social friends. They continued to gossip about Flamingo and that cute baby with a head of blonde curly locks and a pair of blue eyeballs.
Each one of her friends continues to argue that Flamingo does not want to offer up his tongue spit or his blood protein or his dick sperm for the paternity fatherly test at the local hospital medical center genetics testing office, because he really is the father of the baby. The paternity fatherly test is rated at 99.99 percent accuracy tattling the biological father or mother.
Flamingo once had a nasty teenly reputation for fucking a different teen female each weekend, since the age of fourteen years old, before he met and wooed his virgin bride Violet. So, the mathematical odds are in his favor for getting one female teen girl pregnant with his baby. And the odds have beaten Flamingo this month.
Violet has also discussed the delicate baby situation with her parents. She and they both agree with cancelling the pre-wedding marriage engagement with Flamingo. He will be too busy in college classes and entertaining his newborn son while ignoring the needs, wants, and dreams of Violet.
Inside the witness box, Violet continues to stare down at the wooden railing without looking at her pretty engagement ring, wiping off her rolling tears, softly sobbing with a broken heart as an eighteen year teenager.
After her upcoming testimony from that nasty lawyer Litisha, Violet is leaving the court room setting with her parents. Her parents have informed Principal Marshall, who agrees with that wise decision and has also exempted Violet from her final examinations. Violet will graduate from high school, without honor, like a regular student, and then receive her high school diploma on Saturday morning, instead of Friday night with the other senior students. She is too embarrassed for her person and too angry with Flamingo to show up for her own high school graduation ceremony and walk beside Flamingo. Her parents and Principal Marshall agree with Violet’s difficult teenly decision that has rocked her world upside down.
Violet is going to concentrate her energies and her mind on a new adventure, the college scene without her fiancé Flamingo and his two brothers.
Julia sits inside her judge’s bench and jolts down a set of notes from the current witty and entertaining court trial with a set of teens in silence. This court trail has been a unique experience for her present judgeship. However, she clearly sees the final outcome or the verdict for the baby, the mother, and the father. The court trial is nearing closure. After the final verdict, Julia is taking the rest of the business day off from work. Her judgeship calendar is cleared for the afternoon and late evening hours. She is going home, swimming in the pool, relaxing from the tense day while thinking about her two happy children, who are two adults.
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha sits at the shared bench seat with her client Jeranda and Ferdome. The lawyer wiggles side to side with excitement for her upcoming victory over the wealthy McCory family clan, turning to smile at the triplet brothers on the defendant’s table. She does not live here in Lacy Springs but has heard about the infamous McCory clan.
Arie McCory is a very strange woman, who guards and protects her farmland and her three sons in both privacy and secrecy, without her dead husband. However, each teenage son is a truly a spoiled asshole that rules the cow town of Lacy Springs, driving an expensive automobile, a teenly attitude, a pod of friends, and numerous bank accounts of cash monies.
However, Litisha is having her day in court plus her fifteen minutes of national glory and fame. She has called upon a friend, who works at the local television station in Huntsville to come here to Lacy Springs and film the legal victory verdict of the poor girl over the local rich family clan. Jeranda will get both her fame and revenge too. Litisha will receive both recognition and reward, a profitable law practice and lots of cash money, to boot.
On the prosecution’s table, beside her lawyer Litisha, eighteen years old, single mother Jeranda turns and stares at the nose profile on Breck as he blocks the nose profile on Flamingo. She bounces up and down on top of the hard bench presenting a smile of giggles, reaching over and gently taps her hand at the naked arm on her mother Ferdome. Jeranda will finally live the luxurious life for her person and provide a wonderful life for her baby, even if Flamingo refuses to marry her person. She is currently residing in a small house at the edge on the McCory’s farm property. But that is all about to change in a few more minutes.
Then Jeranda will reside inside the McCory Cow Ranch’s house with both Flamingo and Arie. Arie comes and stays for hours at the smaller house with Jeranda holding, feeding, bathing, and cooing over the baby. She enjoys the benefits of a newish grandmother.
Sitting beside her daughter Jeranda, Ferdome continues to rock the baby stroller from time to time and stares down at her new grandson while mentally celebrating her upcoming new luxurious lifestyle too. She will not live at the McCory cow ranch homestead with her daughter Jeranda and her grandson. Ferdome will peacefully continue to stay and live inside the smaller house with the comforts of a nice home on the edge of the McCory’s farm property while Arie and Arie’s money takes care of her aging body for the rest of her elderly nights and days.
From the side wall, Toluene exits the open archway and stops into the court room floor, moves ahead then stops sliding down on top of the shared bench seat. She looks up and gasps at witness box that holds Violet. The lawyer exhales with confusion and stares at Judge Julia, who is quite a different personality inside the court room. So, Julia has eliminated the walk of embarrassment for teen girl. Toluene feels sorry for Violet, who wants to still marry an asshole man like Flamingo. Flamingo is about to become awarded the title of a newish father in both deed and child support.
Toluene rubs her sweaty face and looks down with a frown at the wooden surface. The court trial with a pod of silly teenagers has almost ended the morning hours without receiving a tongue slashing from Arie. Toluene enjoys arguing and fighting with each triplet son, who can’t compete with her brilliant lawyer’s mind or her vast amount of law experience. However, the triplets are three smart high school kids that love their mother and protect each other. She admires that loving family trait which works sometimes in real life. However, it does not work here. Breck or Cinco could not protect their brother Flamingo and his wandering dick from creating a newborn baby. So, Flamingo is finally receiving his just rewards coming from his fun, carefree, teenly lifestyle as a spoiled rich kid.
“Tough shit!” Toluene whispers for her eardrums and smirks looking up and stares at the jury box of teens. Each teenager continues to sit and socials with each other while reminding clueless about the real purpose of court trial for a true criminal. She whispers for her eardrums only with a soft snigger. “And the jury box of teens is a row of high school farts also.”
However, maybe, some or all of the high school students will consider attending college or getting a working job and then learn more about the real world.
At the moment inside the court room, Toluene is not worried the teenagers. She is pondering her upcoming road trip deeper into the Florida sunshine and miles of white tinted beaches with her husband.
On the forward wall, the bailiff closes the door and then back steps, sitting inside the shadow of the wall corner on top of a second high stool seat, watching the gallery of guests, lawyers, and clients for any trouble.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia drops the ink pen down on top of the paper and reaches over, grabbing the gavel, slapping the item on top of the polished wood. She looks up with a smile at the audience of teens, adults, and police officers. “We all have returned back into the court room. Now, I am ready to re-start the court session. Please proceed with your next witness, Litisha. O! Violet has already been sworn to tell the truth and is sitting inside the witness box for my convenience.”
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha swiftly slides off the bench seat and wears a smile quickly approaching the witness stand. She stops and stands between the witness box and the defendant’s table, facing the jury box while spying on Flamingo and the witness. “Violet, do you know a teen male, who is named Flamingo?”
“Yes.” Violet continues to view the wooden railing swiftly twirling the three-caret diamond engagement ring on her finger feeling nervousness and softly sobs with her broken heart.
On the defendant’s table, Cinco nods with a smile. “This is good. Violet is going to only answer with the single word, yes or no. She’s a good eyewitness.”
Flamingo stares with worry at the red-tinted hair roots on Violet. “I don’t know, Cinco. She’s not looking at me. I do believe this testimony procedure is hard on both her and me.”
Breck stares with a stern face at Violet in silence while praying for her mercy from an evil Litisha.
Beside the witness box, Litisha smiles at Violet, “How do you describe teen male Flamingo? Use as many words as possible, Violet,” she turns and smiles at Flamingo.
“Nice.”
Litisha turns and smiles down at the red-colored hair roots on Violet, “Are you dating teen male Flamingo?” She turns and spies on Flamingo.
“Yes.”
She returns back and views Violet saying with a smile, “How interesting! Is Flamingo nice and civil to you during each one of your dating nights?”
“Yes.”
She gasps. “Did he…?”
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo swiftly stands upright from the shared bench seat and tosses both of his arms in the air, shouting out loud with fury at the judge, “Objection!”
Litisha spins around with a smirk and views Flamingo. “Why?”
Flamingo frowns. “Violet does have to answer that posed illegal and personal teenly question. Everyone knows the answer, which is none of your business, bitch.” The audience of teens sound with a series of claps, hoots, whistles, boos, hisses, and foot stomps.
Julia slaps the gavel onto the wooden surface and shouts out loud. “Quiet here in my courtroom right now!” Each teen in the audience slowly ceases their vocal sound. She frowns. “Flamingo, I do not know the answer. Sit back down, Flamingo! Violet, answer the posed question.”
Litisha smiles and views the red-colored hair roots on Violet. “Did he…? Have you…?”
Violet continues to sit and stares down at the wooden railing, wiping off the tears, sobbing with a soft voice. “Ma’am, I am still a virgin.”
Litisha turns to see Flamingo and laughs out loud, “How interesting! So, Mr. McCory, the fourth has dated your pretty ass, but he has not fucked your virgin pussy.”
Flamingo swiftly stands upright from the bench seat and sneers at the judge, “Your Honor, I object to this line of vile and foul language toward my fiancé Violet. She wears a diamond engagement ring on her left hand. We are engaged to marry in the future. We will marry after we both graduate from college. Now, you all fuckingly know the answer.”
Litisha returns and nods to the judge. “Well, I am only using the same nasty slang that all the other redneck males and females use there at Lacy Springs High School, Your Honor. Since, this is a nothing, but a high school reunion here inside the court auditorium.”
Julia sneers. “I will not tolerate a single or a string of curse words from anyone, including you, Litisha. Now, if you do not have a set of nice and pleasure questions for this teenager, then I will ask her to leave.”
“Yeah, I do, Your Honor,” Litisha turns and smiles at the red colored hair roots on Violet. “Do you have a set of future plans to marry Mr. McCory, the fourth, Violet?”
Violet continues to stare down at the wooden railing and wipes off her tears. “Yes.”
“How interesting. Are you and your fiancé planning to go to college?”
“Yes.”
“How interesting. What you like to add any more words to any of my vocal statements?”
“No.”
“How interesting. I am done now. This is your eyewitness, Toluene, if you dare to question the teen.” Litisha spins around with a smile and tosses both of her arms in the air swiftly moving back to her shared bench seat with Jeranda. They both turn and stare at Toluene and Flamingo.
On the defendant’s table, Breck continues to sit and leans over, staring at Violet, growling at Toluene. “Do not ask her a question!”
Toluene gasps at Violet, “Why not? Violet is a hostile witness against your brother Flamingo and his paternity case. She has admitted that she and he dated but didn’t fuck. Now, Flamingo is the father of a child of another teen female. This all looks bad to the judge.”
Breck sneers. “The jury box of teens is going to determine, if Flamingo is to become a father, not the judge.”
She laughs out loud and then slaps her mouth with her hand speaking through her fingers. “You are so naïve about real life, future young attorney.”
Breck gasps in alarm. “What!”
Flamingo leans down and turns with a sneer to view Toluene, loudly whispering to his lawyer. “I didn’t fuck Violet and I am not that baby’s father. No! Do not ask her a single question, bitch!”
Toluene exhales with annoyance at each verbal order coming from the nice set of teeth on the spoiled rich kid and then turns to view the judge. “I have no questions for the witness, Your Honor.” Her mobile telephone sings with a musical scale for a new text message. She whips out her mobile telephone and types on the tiny screen, reading the message with a smile in silence.
On the top of the judge’s bench, Julia turns and nods down at the red-colored hair roots on Violet. “You are dismissed from the witness box, Violet.”
Violet swiftly slides off the hard chair from the witness stand and quickly dashes without seeing Flamingo, hiding her face. She sobs with more tears of unhappiness and embarrassment.
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo swiftly stands upright from the bench seat and gasps in worry, stretching out both of his arms toward Violet, who does not stop to talk with him. He drops both of his arms hitting his legs and then slowly swings around following the back spine on Violet, who moves through the flap door and into the open arms on her mother. Violet continues to sob with tears. The parents of Violet cuddle their upset and unhappy daughter, swiftly moving ahead, leaving the court room setting. The entrance door slams shut by Sheriff Tommy Lee in silence.
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo continues to stand and stares at the closed door experiencing teenly emotions of sadness and worry regarding his girl Violet. His pair of blue-tinted eyeballs shift and stare at Tommy Lee for help. Tommy Lee stands beside the closed door and the rear wall, nodding with a stern face back to Flamingo in silence.
Breck looks down and continues to read the next page from a smaller stack of loose papers. The marked pages with a large hand-drawn blue-tinted symbolic letter X is slowly piling high beside his elbow. He slightly wiggles the blue tinted ink pen in his hand experiencing anticipation and whispers for his eardrums only. “This is a hard copy report shows each U.S. Federal and State of Alabama income taxes form that has been filled out and filed by Bama working citizen Ferdome Exvanire. Wow! Ferdome did work for my mama last year. She was a cleaner, who worked inside some of the kitchen houses on the farm, where she was paid for the year, twenty thousand dollars. I admit that is not a lot of money for two people. However, this is America, the land of opportunity. And my mama as an employer provides a free education to any person that wants to go and attend college classes and improve their personal lifestyle and future income at the farm or with another employer. There is not an excuse for a free ride to college. I wonder if I need to show this report to someone besides Toluene,” he looks up and sees an empty witness stand. Violet has left the court room wearing her tears of unhappiness and worries for Flamingo. Breck turns and stares at the waistline on Flamingo and whispers for his eardrums only. “Yeah, I’m worried about you, too, Flamingo. But, right now, it is not a good time to show this particular report to anyone,” he looks down and gasps in shock at the new information on the same report whispering for his eardrums only. “Ferdome quit the McCory Farm ranch, in the month of May, last year, probably right after finding out that Jeranda had become pregnant with Flamingo’s child and then applied and received a monthly Social Security check from the United States of America Federal Government to pay her living expenses. I wonder if this is some good evidence for Flamingo’s paternal defense case. I don’t know. I’m not an attorney. And I can’t ask the paid attorney as she’s a dumbass,” he looks up and views Litisha gasping in alarm.
Cinco swiftly stands upright from the shared bench seat and spins around, cuddling his brother Flamingo with worry, nodding to Tommy Lee. He leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Flamingo saying with a fake smile. “Violet, she’s okay. She needs time to digest this shit, like me. You’re a strong teen and have studied about a variety of topics for years. You adapt well to new shit. Me and Violet, we just didn’t. We need time to sort out this shit with our immature and confusing teenly feelings, Flamingo.”
Flamingo stares at the closed door and exhales with worry, softly saying. “I guess so.”
He shakes the body on his brother saying with both courage and strength. “I know so. Sit down, Flamingo. Let’s get this shit over and done with. Then, you can go and get to Violet. Ya’ll should take a trip into the wilderness and have a private fun picnic lunch this afternoon. We can ride the horses. School is out for all of us. Each one of us receives the letter grade of A for each final examination. Hell, I can fail the rest of my academic tests on tomorrow morning and afternoon and still pass and graduate with the letter C of grade. This has been the best part of your court trial, getting out of all of my final, final senior academic examinations, Flamingo,” he softly chuckles.
Flamingo exhales with worry about his girl Violet and frowns with annoyance at his brother Cinco. Life is not getting out of shit but accepting shit and then working with the shit and finally solving the shit. Else, life will be too easy to do nothing and create too many lazy-ass people.
“Yeah,” Flamingo spins around with a soft moan and sits down staring with a sour frown at the judge.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia stares with a stern face at the closed door, where the teen girl and her set of parents have used to leave the court room setting. She turns and sneers at Litisha, who is personally responsible for suggesting a court trial with a group of innocent and inexperienced teenagers.

Last week, on May 8th, within a heated Friday afternoon, inside her judge’s chamber, Julia objected with fury at the idea of a teenly court trial. Instead, she would listen to both sides of the story from each teenager and then rule with her smart neurons as a judge.

If the father of the child still refused to take a paternity test for his proof of non-fatherhood, then the state law was clear. Flamingo will become the father of the child.

However, the two lawyers had worked together and then shared their brilliant idea with Judge Julia for the good of their individual legal clients. Since an eighteen years old, high school senior student, and possibly future father Flamingo McCory refused to offer his body fluids taking a simple paternity test, which was a common method of identifying the genes of a newborn baby, the novice concept of a teenly court trial would provide a valuable life-lesson for each high school teenager, including the newish father Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth.

So, Julia nodded her bone skull, displayed a fake smile to each lawyer, and then prepared for an upcoming teenly court trial with only teenagers for the first time in her long judgeship career.


Currently, inside the court room, on top of the judge’s bench, Julia sneers at the terrible situation with the affected young teens. “Call your next witness, Litisha!”
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha swiftly slides off the bench seat and stands pointing at the witness box, and wears a smile, slowly moving ahead towards the court room floor. Jeranda slides off the shared bench seat and performs a quick priss ahead of Litisha sounding with a set of girly giggles of teenly confidence and her girly victory. Litisha follows Jeranda and point at the witness stand. “I call forth my next eyewitness Miss Jeranda Exvanire.”
The bailiff rises off the stool seat, moves ahead with The Holy Bible manual, then stops standing in the middle of the floor. Jeranda stops with a smile and stands in front of the bailiff whispering to tell the truth, nodding to the bailiff, spinning around and moves sliding down into the witness chair, slapping both of her palms on top of the wide wooden railing. She stares with a smile at Flamingo. Now, this is her moment to tell her personal, sad tragic story about her sorry-ass teenly life and her adorable baby boy to all eardrums. The bailiff returns to the opposite side wall and sits on that high stool watching the action.
On the defendant’s table, Toluene continues to sit and looks down with a smile typing on her personal mobile telephone while ignoring Jeranda.
Breck, Flamingo, and Cinco stare back and softly sneer at Jeranda.
Litisha stops and stands sideways with her marked infamous pose, facing the jury box, turning to smile at Flamingo and then back to her client Jeranda. “Please, describe your personal teenly story with the other teens that are located here inside the court room, Jeranda.” She returns and spies on Flamingo.
Jeranda wiggles side to side and lifts her hand, hiding her mouth, wiping off her wet nose. She clearly speaks out loud for each pair of eardrums, “I went through this, a series of terrible, horrible hours of labor pains, all alone. I was afraid and scared and frightened. I was an emotional wreck with the thoughts of raising my baby, all alone. Then I experienced a miracle.”
“O brother!” Flamingo frowns at Jeranda.
Breck leans over with worry and whispers into the cheekbone on Flamingo. “Are you talking to me, bro?”
Flamingo whispers back, “Naw. I’m referencing that bitch in the witness box. Women have been birthing babies since the cave women days.”
Breck exhales, “Yeah, right!” He looks down and marks the current report with a gigantic blue-tinted symbolic letter X for another worthless document flipping the page and whispers for his eardrums only. “This is a hard copy of her outstanding bills including an overdue mobile telephone invoice and three invoices for a set of new clothes,” he looks up and stares at the clothes on Jeranda. “She purchased a set of new clothing. She wears a white pants suit with a white blouse looking both professional and polished to the judge.” He frowns. “No. She looks both professional and polished for the judge as a teenly mother. Yeah, right. I don’t bite and neither does the judge, little girl.” Breck turns and views the nose profile on Toluene, whispering for his eardrums only, “Hell, no!”
Toluene continues to sit on the edge of the shared bench seat and smiles down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone without helping her client Flamingo or objecting to any comments coming from Jeranda.
Breck turns and views his two brothers, whispering for his eardrums only, “Hell, yeah!” Each brother bumps their head and whispers about Jeranda and her comments in private.
He spins around and views his mother Arie, gasping with alarm, whispering for his eardrums only, “Hell, yeah!” Arie cuddles with her fiancé A.J. and wears a smirk staring at Jeranda. A.J. continues to exhale and then inhale with a set of deep breathes feeling silent worry. Breck frowns and whispers for his eardrums only, “Hell, yeah!”
Breck slowly completely spins around and scans the audience of teens wearing a stern face, recognizing all the teens from his high school campus. Some of the friendly teens toss a hand wave or a smile back to Breck.
The audience section is completely full displaying both teens and a few adults. Each row of teens is acting respectively quiet because a teen can become expelled from the court room setting, driven back to the high school campus, and then administered their required final academic examinations for the day. So, each teen is nicely cooperating with the verbal rules coming from Principal Marshall and Judge Julia. He whispers for his eardrums only, “Hell, yeah!”
Breck slowly spins back around and views the jury box of six teens. Each teen was legally selected to perform a vocal verdict for Flamingo as the father of the child, after all the witness testimonies are concluded. Each teen quietly sits and leans over with a smile, softly talking with a friend or playing on their individual mobile telephone without listening to the testimonies from each eyewitness.
However, Retta Jean is paying attention and learning about the justice and court trial system. She does not take a set of advance placement classes for fun but to succeed and better her teenly life into her adulthood.
Many years ago, her biological father started out as an illegal immigrant worker, working for Arie McCory.
Once Arie discovers an employed illegal migrant worker, she supports and pays for each illegal worker to become a naturalized citizen using her billions of dollars.
The American naturalized citizen process is long, complicated, and expensive procedure for the average illegal worker. Arie believes in creating a better America and uses her money and resources to better any individual at her farm.
Then, the naturalized American citizen can leave her farm and work anywhere within the United States of America.
Now, Retta Jean’s biological father is a naturalized American citizen and Retta Jean is a birthed as an American citizen of the U.S.A. However, she wants to use her brains and improve her person, becoming a veterinarian, taking care of farm animals.
Breck turns and studies Judge Julie. She watches Litisha and then observes Jeranda without comment or emotion. He gasps in shock and slowly turns to see Toluene, his two brothers, his mother Arie, the audience of teens, the jury box of teens, Litisha, Jeranda, and finally Julia, whispering for his eardrums in soft fury. “The judge is making the fatherly baby decision here, not the jury of teens. I missed that verbal clue both yesterday and this morning. Toluene has been saying that the judge is the true baby decision maker here inside the court room, since yesterday, during the jury selection process. This entire court trial and the jury box of teens presentation is a fake and a phony and a felony against Flamingo. Geez! I’m not going to tell Flamingo that new information, right now. That information would break his heart or bust his balls, then he’ll be taken away and kept inside one of the back room jail cells for his imprisonment with furious angry fights, which could be displayed here inside the court house. I’ll let the judge give Flamingo the bad news. Geez! He’ll be impossible to live with, until we all three are relocated to our new shared apartment in the city of metro Birmingham on the last week of this month,” he looks down and marks the reports with a gigantic X for worthless documentation, again, looking up to see Jeranda, hearing her sappy words of sorrow and pity that leaks into the eardrums of each person.
Inside the witness stand, Jeranda continues to wipe her tears and loudly speaks with a firm voice into the court room setting. “I was a mother for the first time. When I held my baby boy, I was so happy. Tears streamed down my cheeks as I admired his prunie-like red-tinted skin enjoying the smell of baby skin and bathed in the innocence of my baby. I fell in love with him at first sight. A new life is a celebration of love. But I could not share my love with his father. I am a new mother. Now, I have visited his father, but I have still not found love here. I am a new mother that supports and nurtures and admires my newly created life form. However, his father is unhappy about the discovery of his son.”
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo nods with a laugh, “Damn right and proud of it, too!”
Cinco nods with a smile. “Ditto, dude!”
Jeranda sobs with tears, speaking slowly. “Flamingo, the father of my child, he does not wanna be part of my baby’s little, tiny world, but instead he runs away and hides inside a bottle of beer.”
Flamingo growls with a whisper, “Not true!”
She continues with a sad face. “Flamingo, the father of my child, he does not wanna embrace his role in fatherhood. He was not there, when I had found out about my pregnancy. I did it alone. He was not there inside the hospital delivery room, when I had birthed our son. I did it alone again. However, I tracked down and found the father of my child. Then I told Flamingo about our baby boy son. Flamingo was not happy but angry, mad, furious, and cussing at our son.”
Flamingo frowns with a whisper. “Bullshit…”
“…with big pods of green streaming cow turds,” Cinco frowns.
She continues to wear a sad face. “Flamingo was not joyous and happy and excited. He refused to acknowledge our son and rejected our child. It is the worst feeling in the world to have the father of your rejected baby refuse to hug or hold his own biological infant son.”
Flamingo sneers at Jeranda. “She’s a good actress.”
Cinco whispers. “And she’s good orator too. Was she in your AP classes at Lacy Springs High School?”
He frowns. “No.”
Cinco frowns. “How did you meet her?”
“I met her at the graduation party for the senior class, last year. Each one of us had been a junior student, this time last year. Don’t you remember that wild-ass party, Cinco? Everyone was happy and happening at that party night.”
Cinco frowns. “You were drunk.”
He laughs. “I never get drunk. I have a good time. And I had a good time with her lips and her vagina and her two big set of beautiful naked breasts. That’s the only part I really remember from that special and single school night.”
Cinco gasps with a whisper. “Wait! Where was Violet?”
“She didn’t exist in my teenly world, until September of last year,” Flamingo smiles. “Now, we’re the ‘it’ couple around the school.”
Breck looks down with a worried brow and flips the page, staring at the information, whispering out loud for his eardrums only, “This is a fake court trial. I am not a trained attorney. However, I am a smart guy. There must be something here that I can use against Jeranda that might help Flamingo’s fight. Hmm! This is a report of medical information about the three-month-old baby, including the birth procedure and the post-delivery examination. I can’t use this for any reason,” he marks the report with an X and flips the page whispering for his eardrums only. “This is medical information about Jeranda, including her healthy baby delivery results and her final medical examination. She is a healthy girl. I can’t use this for any reason to help Flamingo’s paternity case either,” he strikes a blue tinted symbolic letter X on the reports and flips the paper, reading in silence.
Inside the witness stand, Jeranda stares at Flamingo and wears a sad face, wiping off her rolling tears of depression. “Now, I must do it alone.”
Flamingo growls with a whisper and stares at Jeranda, “I would like to see that.”
She nods with a firm tone. “I will raise our son and ensure our son is loved and wanted…”
“…like a fucking stray dog…” Flamingo sneers with a whisper.
She nods with a stern face to the audience of teens and adults. “I will give our son every ounce of my love and tell him that he is loved by all his absent family members also. Our tiny newborn son will grow up without his father, but he will be a happy little boy…”
“…and rich, too!” Cinco chuckles with a whisper and a smirk at Jeranda, telling his brother Flamingo.
Jeranda nods with a firm tone. “I did not want to create a horrible home environment of fights or violent acts with the father of my child.”
On top of the court room floor standing beside the witness box, Litisha faces the jury box of teen, gasping in alarm, turning with concern to see Jeranda. “Did the father of the child, Flamingo McCory, every hit you during your sex night or another date or at the school grounds or at his home or at your home?”
In the audience, each teen gasps out loud and then views Jeranda. Jeranda continues to stare at Flamingo inside the witness box with a tiny smirk of silence.
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo whispers for his eardrums, “Never.”
“Never,” Jeranda exhales with annoyance. “I am a selfish person and a loving and caring mother here. I want our son to be loved and also financially secured. College is expensive. Diapers are expensive. Milk is expensive. Clothes are expensive. To be honest, I had bedded a man…”
“…a teenager,” Flamingo whispers. “I’m a teenager at the age of eighteen years old, not a man.”
“…a man that does not love me, for me, but only my sexy body. Once I removed my pair of rose-colored sunglasses, I saw that Flamingo was not the marrying or paternal material that I was looking for in a man.”
He whispers. “She’s still a teenager, too.”
She sobs with tears then says. “I, also, have a choice within my life for with a mate for my person also. I desire a wonderful husband and a good substitute father, since Flamingo doesn’t wanna become that biological loving father, that I need, right now.”
He whispers. “Ya bet, pet!”
“So, I have made an executive decision that I will maintain my new family and eventually expand my family with another child.”
Flamingo softly whispers. “I feel sorry that the next sucker or fucker that gets on top of her,” he chuckles with Cinco.
Breck looks down with a stern face and flips the page, wiggling the blue ink pen in one hand, whispering for his eardrums only. “Well, I have reached the end of the line. This last hard copy summary report is all about Jeranda. I have reviewed her personal information, her medical information, her non-criminal information, her high school records, and her outstanding debts. Wow! Jeranda is a very boring teenager. Well, I guess as a teenager, I’m a very boring person from my public records like Jeranda. I need more information to help Flamingo,” he marks the summary page with a blue-tinted symbolic letter X for another worthless document, looking up to see Jeranda.
Inside the witness stand, Jeranda sobs with her tears. “Then, I will never be alone.”
Litisha continues to stand sideways and nods to Jeranda. “You are a very brave and bold young woman, Jeranda. Deciding to keep and raising a baby alone is also a brave, hard, and bold choice for any newish mother-to-be, not for the cowardly and selfish biological father,” she turns and sneers at Flamingo. “The biological father of your child could have provided input into the decision making process also, but in this case, he didn’t want to. And he doesn’t want to either.” She turns and nods to the judge. “Thus, a conflict has arisen here which cannot be resolved, Your Honor. So, please, resolve and rule on this paternity case for all parties involved, including an innocent tiny newborn, which is named after his true biological father.”
On the defendant’s table, Flamingo whispers for his eardrums only, “Objection!” His hired and paid lawyer Toluene should have stood up and shouted out loud that law word. Instead she’s looking down with a smile and playing on her personal mobile telephone sounding with a set of giggling fun.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia stares at Litisha, turns to observe Jeranda, and then views Toluene, nodding with a stern face back to Litisha. “I am not ready yet to resolve and rule, Attorney Litisha. This is my court room, not yours. Attorney Toluene, do you want to question the mother of the child for your client?”
On the defendant’s table, Toluene continues to sit and smiles down at her phone. “No ma’am.”
Flamingo leans back into the hard wood and drops his chin feeling great disappointment with the performance from his lawyer and his mother. His baby brother triplet Cinco has been a faithful and wonderful supporting brother, but he does not understand justice law and is not a licensed attorney. His new friend and future step-father A.J. is performing well as a neutral being and should stay that way. Else, he will not be marrying Arie.
His older brother by two seconds, before midnight, first born triplet Breck has been sitting like a lump on the log next to Flamingo and silently reading and then softly mumbling some type of graduation speech for tomorrow morning, the day before the Lacy Springs graduation ceremony.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia turns and nods down to Jeranda. “You are dismissed from the witness box.”
Jeranda scoots out from the witness chair and wears a smile slowly performing a sexy priss ahead, staring with a giggle at Flamingo. On the defendant’s table, Flamingo continues to sit and softly sneers at Jeranda without words or numerous brutal physical acts on her along with his brother Cinco.
Litisha continues to stand in place without movement and wears a stern face, wishing that Judge Julia would end the kangaroo court, before lunch time meal.
Julia smiles down at Litisha. “And I do believe that there is one more eyewitness on your prosecution listing that you had provided to me and the defense attorney Toluene. I am a stickler or a hard long stick for following each legal law rule here inside my court room, attorney Litisha.” Within the audience, each teen loudly claps and presents a smile for Judge Julia. She waits until the loud noise subsides and then exhales with annoyance at Litisha. “I do believe that you need to perform your creative dance moves around the court room floor again and call out the final proper name from your eyewitness list.”
Litisha gasps in shock and then laughs out loud spinning around to stare at Flamingo in silence. She dances side to side and tosses both of her arms in the air, throwing her rear skull backwards, viewing the ceiling planks. “Now, I call forth the star eyewitness, who is literally here and available, Flamingo McCory to come up and sit inside the eyewitness stand,” she looks down and points at Flamingo, nodding with a silly giggle.
On the defendant’s table, Toluene looks up from her phone and then nods to Litisha with a smirk, in silence.
Breck looks up from the stack of papers and gasps in alarm staring at Litisha then turns to view the nose profile on Flamingo, “Bro!”
Cinco turns and gasps at the nose profile on Flamingo. “Did you know this was going to happen, dude?”
Flamingo continues to sit and stares at Litisha, exhaling with frustration, “I was not told, but I figured it would happen. I only thought it was be my hired and highly paid lawyer asking me to the dance, not the other bitch,” he laughs with his two brothers.
Toluene turns and sneers at Flamingo. “I heard that, Flamingo.”
Breck shuffles sideways and slams his body into the sitting body on Toluene sneering with fury. “Get off the bench seat, bitch! And you’re going to hear more cursing and yelling from my mama, once Flamingo exits the witness stand, dumb ass.”
“O really!” Toluene swiftly stands upright with a smile and scoots sideways from the bench seat, watching Breck and Flamingo exit from the defendant’s table in silence. Breck stands beside Toluene and watches Flamingo in silence.
Flamingo struts ahead with a smirk and stops in front of the bailiff, whispering the swearing-in ceremony words, nodding with a smile to the court officer. He spins around and enters the witness box, wiggling side to side on top of the hard wood, staring at Litisha.
Beside the defendant’s table, Toluene spins around and nods to Arie with a smile in silence. Breck spins around to face the bench seat and as one of his eyeballs sees the smirk on Toluene’s face. He turns and faces his mother Arie. Arie nods with a smirk back to Toluene. Breck gasps in alarm with his wild mental thoughts. Toluene and Arie are silently communicating with the same mental thought. Flamingo will become the father of that baby, so Arie can become a grandmother and care for her newish grandson.
He slides down on top of the bench seat and stares at Flamingo inside the witness stand feeling both worry and anger.
On top of the court room floor, Litisha turns to face witness box, moves ahead, and stands directly in front of Flamingo, laughing in his face. “Flamingo…”
“You call me by my proper name, bitch.” Flamingo sneers at Litisha. “You will address me as Mr. McCory, the fourth and no other nasty noun or silly name.”
She nods with a stern face. “Mr. McCory, the fourth, do you know of or have you ever heard the term testosterone?”
He laughs with a nod. “Of course, I know the term. I’m a male, a man, a guy. Testosterone is the primary male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid. The male testosterone is a hormone that is chemical known to affect a male’s behavior pattern for a sex act or numerous sex acts. In a male body, testosterone plays a key role in the development of male reproductive tissues. The biological half-life of the testosterone hormone is two to four hours. It is manufactured biological speaking in the human body live. The chemical composition is 19 parts of carbon, 28 parts of hydrogen, and two parts of oxygen. Testosterone is composed of 90 percent urine and six percent human shit,” he laughs with his two brothers and the audience of teens.
She nods with a grin. “That’s quiet an impressive talking point coming for an eighteen-year-old kid. You’re really smart also.”
“You’re not smart, lady attorney. You were told I stayed and studied within the AP classroom at Lacy Springs High School. I will graduate within two days from high school environment. However, I am current registered as a junior student at Burn U or Birmingham University staring my college courses on the first of June, this year. Then, I will graduate with a college degree in biology and hopefully enroll in the Birmingham University School of Medicine.”
“Are you that certain?”
He nods with a smile. “I am highly certain.”
On the defendant’s table, Cinco scoots into Flamingo’s spot and leans over, whispering with fury into the cheekbone on Breck. “What’s the assholette doing with Flamingo?” 
Breck exhales and stares at Flamingo. “This is a standard court room tactic that leads the eyewitness into a different field of thought, so Flamingo can fuck up his own defense.”
“This is not a court of law of life or death, Breck.”
Breck frowns with a whisper. “This is a court of law of money, which is sometimes more important than a verdict of life or death, Cinco.”
He exhales. “Sometimes, I wished that our mother wasn’t a billionaire. Then none of this shit would happen to us and Flamingo.”
“Shhh!” Breck looks around with a worried brow and then leans back into the cheekbone of his brother Cinco, whispering.” Quiet your tongue! Not many people know that fact! Let’s not start the gossip here inside the court room setting, where the eardrums are leaking out earwax to hear our family secret whispers.”
He pouts. “Sorry! I’m just mad and angry and pissed and worried and scared for Flamingo and us.”
“Look! I feel your teenly emotions, too. The worsest thing that can happen is that Flamingo is ruled as a father. So, what! He still goes to college and then enrolls in medical school. There is no judge in the land that can force Flamingo to marry that cunt. But our mother will be overall happy as both a mother and a grandmother. She’s staring at the baby, wanting to hold it, instead of her son.”
Cinco spins around and views his mother, exhaling with annoyance. “Why is our mama siding with that cunt?”
Breck returns back and stares at Flamingo. “Our mama is not siding with anyone. She only wants to hold and take care of an innocent babe, Cinco. All babies and children should always be protected by me and you from an evil person as Almighty God commands. This is not about an innocent baby. This is only about money, which is the root of all evil as told by Brother Jesus.”
He frowns. “You sound defeated with the lawyer task here, Breck.”
Breck exhales. “I am defeated. But I’m not giving up. But I’m watching with worry and worrying with wait,” he looks down and frowns at the new page, whispering for his eardrums only. “What is this new report? I do not recognize the format. It is not a wordy report. It is a set of long and short bar graphs with a set of tiny colorful pictures. This a genome testing report coming from a privately owned genome testing company. What is a genome?” He whips out his mobile telephone and types on the tiny screen, whispering with the new information for his eardrums only. “A human body comprises billions of cells. Each cell contains their own set of instructions which build the growing fetus and then re-builds and maintains a human body. For example, you possess skin cells and liver cells. The set of instruction that build the cells is known as your genome. Your genome is your map of your unique DNA. DNA is that twisting and long double helix that contains your individual genes. Your genome contains your 23 pairs of chromosomes, a total of more than 20,000 genes. Each individual gene comes from each biological mother and biological father that builds the growing fetus inside a mother’s wound into a baby. The set of genes creates you which are inherited from your mother and your father,” he gasps in shock. “This is a genes or genetics report that picks out and displays some of the individual genes for three-month-old Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth.” He gasps in shock. “This is a medical report about the baby’s genes. Maybe, yeah, maybe, this report can free Flamingo from his responsibility of fatherhood,” he reads the first page while trying to understand the complex medical terms.
On top of the court room floor, Litisha nods with a smile to Flamingo. “Excellent, Mr. McCory, the fourth! The human hormone testosterone also plays an important role in the health of a male. The hormone maintains muscle mass, bone density, and sex drive.”
Flamingo nods back. “In the male body, a high level of testosterone is associated with any type of sexual activity. The chemical testosterone increases, after a brief conversation with a female. So, all of you, young teen bucks in the audience, beware of your body!” He laughs with the other teens. “In the female body, a high level of testosterone hormone has been measured pre-intercourse, pre-cuddling, post-intercourse, and post-cuddling which all contribute to the genital arousal in a female. So, all of you, young teen bucks in the audience, beware of her body,” he laughs with the other teens. “Also, all of those same documented and researched scientific tests have proven that a single sexual thought changes the level field on female testosterone hormone. But I’m not thinking of you as a sexy female, Attorney Litisha, so I’m not experiencing my highest level of male testosterone hormones. Are you tossing off some high levels of female testosterone hormones for a particular male sitting near your body inside this court room, Attorney Litisha? Because your stinky body odor is heavily drifting into my open nose holes,” he pretends a fake coughing session and then laughs out loud at the annoying lawyer. In the captured audience, each teen, adult, and police officer sounds with a series of loud hoots, laughs, and claps.
Litisha leans over and sneers in fury at Flamingo.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia softly applauds and then drops both of her hands, clearing her throat for attention, speaking softly to the audience. “Silence here inside my court room please. Please, precede, Flamingo.”
Litisha scoots back from Flamingo but continues to growl at the smart ass teenager.
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo nods with a smile to Litisha, “Also the female hormone testosterone is effective in treating a girl with her female sexual arousal disorder, a low libido, and any sexual dysfunction in women,” he tosses both of his arms in the air with laughter. In the audience, each teen, adult, and police officers sound with a set of claps and loud laughter along with Flamingo. He slaps both of his palms on top of the flat wooden railing and grins with a nod, “Finally, the female testosterone hormone is used to treat post-menopause in old ladies too.” The audience of teens sound with a set of boos and hisses. He yells out loud, “Hey, now! My mother and your mother and his mother and her mother, all of them are going to become an elderly lady, one day.” The audience of teens and adults clap and chuckle out loud.
Litisha spins around and laughs at the audience of teens and adults, swinging back around, facing Flamingo. She says with a smirk. “Well, there’s no doubt about the clown in the court house plus a smart ass, to boot.”
“Thank you,” Flamingo tosses both of his arms in the air and laughs out loud, prompting the audience of teens to response again. Each teen sounds with a series of claps, hoots, cheers, and whistles. He drops both of his arms down into his lap. The audience of teens slowly ceases the racket and allows Flamingo the victory over the nasty lawyer.
She frowns.  "The chemical testosterone hormone is an important hormone for both the health and well-being of the male human and the female human as it also prevents osteoporosis. Can I rely upon your medical knowledge again? Do you know what osteoporosis is?”
Flamingo nods with a smile. “Osteoporosis is an insufficient level of testosterone in both a male and a female that leads into frail bone loss.”
On the defendant’s table, Breck continues to study each hard copy report while worrying for Flamingo.
Inside the eyewitness box, Flamingo is having some fun and playing with the prosecution attorney for his revenge. However, he knows the truth. Flamingo has lost the paternity case, unless he surrenders a tongue of spit or a finger prick of blood protein for the paternity test. He will die before performing that manly action. Thus, the court of law trial is advancing ahead with the wrong conclusion that Flamingo is the father of the baby.
Instead, the judge will order a paternity test. Or the judge will rule that Flamingo is the father without the medical test, which is part of the court of law trial right now.
However, the prosecution team performed a blood test on the three-month old baby and then handed a copy of the genetic medical papers to Toluene. Toluene, in her usual lawyering manner, has not bothered to study one of the genetics reports for the baby.
Breck quickly scans each page using his smart neurons, like his brother Flamingo, before the court trial ends. Then, the judge must rule. So far, the ruling is looking bad for Flamingo. Breck reads the information and whispers for his eardrums only. “Based on this privately owned company which had been paid by Jeranda or her lawyer, modern day science can identify the genetic pathway of any human by their set of unique DNA genes to see if the male once was an Egyptian prince or a Viking sailor or an African hunter or a Spanish conquistador or a Native American brave. Hmm! That’s fascinating for my neurons, but it does not help Flamingo’s legal case. And the genetic report traces the DNA pattern on the maternal line following the biological mother, grandmother, great-grandmother,” he gasps. “That does not help me here either. The DNA test traces all her dead female relatives back to the ancient territory located in the foreign country of Spain, which is meaningless to me and doesn’t help Flamingo,” he looks up and frowns at the new question from Litisha and the answer from Flamingo, leaning over, sneering into the cheekbone on Toluene. “Look! I’m not the paid lawyer, here in the court room, sir. But you need to stop this on-going silly science project that the prosecution team is showing off for the grand prize blue ribbon. Flamingo is getting annoyed and then he will say something really mean and rude and bad and nasty while compromising his defense stance. And then my mother will get really upset with you, lady attorney.”
Toluene finally looks up from the screen on her mobile telephone and stares with a smile at Flamingo, “I don’t know. I’m rather enjoying the fun medical dissertation in science. I didn’t really like my science classes in high school or college. That’s why I became a lawyer. There’s not a required science class in law school. But Litisha must have a valid point to her medical lesson. We shall see, kid.” She hears the soft chime on her phone and then reads the new text message from her husband.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia turns and stares down with a sneer at Litisha. “Attorney Litisha, I am sorry to stop your medical babbling. But I am wondering the point of our medical science lesson for the day. What is your legal question for the defendant?”
“Yes, I have a point that I am about to present, Your Honor.” Litisha rattles a thin stack of loose papers saying with a smile at Flamingo. “Based on a set of research studies, the concept of ‘falling in love’ decreases the testosterone level in a male. Did you know that, Flamingo?”
Flamingo smiles with a nod, “Yes.”
“Based on a different set of research studies, the concept of ‘falling in love’ increases the testosterone level in a female. Did you know that, Flamingo?”
On the defendant’s table, Breck frowns. “Litisha has not stopped harassing Flamingo. So, you go and stop it right here and right now.”
Toluene frowns. “I can hear that too.”
Litisha waves a sheet of paper in the air near her smile. “Based on this piece of paper in my hand, I will read out loud for all eardrums. Your personal testosterone level displayed a low count after the weekend, where you had enjoyed your fun sexual intercourse with a sexy, seventeen years old Jeranda Exvanire, when that number is compared to all of your other previous testosterone test during the same year. Can you explain that?”
Flamingo gasps in shock then yells. “Ugh!”
“Well, I can,” she laughs with a nod. “The speculated and documented mathematical change in your personal testosterone level comes off this official hospital laboratory result sheet, where a reduction of the difference is the behavior between the sexes.”
He gasps then shouts. “What!”
She smiles. “The concept or conception of fatherhood, in your case, reduces the male testosterone in an adult male or a teen male which suggests that you had feelings of fields of teenly emotions for the newly created fetus inside the wound on Jeranda, that special night. The low testosterone readings come from your paternal instinct as soon as you realized that you have created a viable fetus with Jeranda.”
He frowns then states. “Bull shit, horse shit, and cow shit! That’s a lame reason for any medical hormone measurement. Most of the documented and paid research papers link a male criminal and their high level of testosterone also without their sex drive. In the same range of research studies, ninety percent of male juvenile delinquencies and their associated male high level testosterone is significant and also is associated with the behavior personality trait of anti-social behavior and alcohol. Two independent social characterizes that wild-ass teen should never be without, a fuck and a beer,” he laughs along with the other teens.
Julia frowns and slaps her gravel on the polished wood yelling in anger. “Here! Here! I demand quiet inside my court room. Flamingo, you are both amusing and accuracy. But I must point out that I do not allow a single or a string of curse words spoken out loud here inside my court room. Else, whether you are guilty or innocent, you will find your ass sleeping inside one of my available tiny and nicely decorated prison cells which is located behind my ass. Do you comprehend my statement, young sir?”
Flamingo looks up and nods to the judge saying with a calm timber, “Yes, Your Honor!”
She nods with a smile to Flamingo. Her eardrums are enjoying the refreshing scientific discussion from a smart, knowledgeable individual, instead of a sassy, smart ass attorney.” She nods to the teen then states, “Good! Please, precede, young sir!”
On the defendant’s table, Breck looks down with a smile and flips the page, gasping in alarm at the new report, whispering for his eardrums only, “This genetic test shows that the baby possesses a head of blonde hair, like Flamingo. Jeranda displays a head of long black hair. This is not a good report to show anyone,” he flips the page and gasps again, whispering for his eardrums only. “This new genetic test shows that the baby possesses a pair of blue eyeballs. Jeranda does not. That’s a no-go on this report too,” he continues to slowly flip each page and studies each genetic testing result from the baby while whispering for his eardrums only. “The baby possesses a tone of olive skin like Flamingo, not Jeranda. Ugh! The set of genetic reports is good for Jeranda’s win, not Flamingo’s defense. The baby does not possess a set of freckles, like Flamingo. The baby does not possess a set of dimples, like Flamingo. The baby does not possess a uni-brow, like Flamingo,” he softly chuckles and continues to quickly flip the page, reading the information, whispering for his eardrums only. “The baby does not possess a widow’s peak, like Flamingo. The baby does not possess a cleft chin, like Flamingo. Wow! The tiny three-month-old baby is looking more and more like Flamingo, who is really his father, rather than his mother Jeranda. I can’t believe this. I can’t find any medical or genetic evidence to aid Flamingo’s fight.”
In the witness stand, Flamingo clears his throat and says with a grin. “Thus, I do a girl and drink a beer and possess a high, higher, highest level of testosterone in the Land of Dixie,” he tosses both of his arms and laughs out loud, “Yeehaw!” In the audience, each teen sounds with a set of hand claps, loud cheers, boot stomps, and low hoots.
Julia exhales with annoyance as the prosecution lawyer has started this string of silly teenly nonsense here inside the court room setting.
Flamingo drops both of his palms and slaps his legs saying with a nod and a smile. “Hey, students! Do you know, where the name of Dixie comes from? Of course, you do as pews of smart teen southern belles and gents,” he laughs along with the students then smiles and says. “The name of Dixie came off a French dollar bill that was spelled differently and pronounced differently by the southern people, ya’ll. When the great Southern States of the America seceded from the nation, the Confederate leaders started using the available and plentiful French currencies, until the money machines finally started to print their own Graybacks,” he laughs again.
“Your Honor!” Litisha yells and stares at the judge for a nasty justice reaction and a legal conclusion.
Julia waves her hand and smiles down at the clever teenager with the smart information, saying to the lawyer. “Sustained!” She drops her hand and slaps the polished wood, still listening to Flamingo.
Flamingo nods and says. “So, that’s how the South region got their nickname,” he claps with delight along with the students then lifts both of his palms and calms the noise coming his peers. The room becomes quiet. He smiles then says. “Now, to the nasty bitch lawyer, based on your piece of paper, that you steal from the high school’s medical office, without my permission, of course, during the weekly football medical examination, which is a requirement, so I can continue to play high school football. I wanna point out that I’m really thirsty after that long speech,” he reaches over and drinks the provided small glass of warm water, gulping it down, burping out loud. He replaces the glass of emptiness back onto the small tray and looks up with a smile to see Litisha, slapping his chest and announces to the audience members. “I am not a criminal of thievery or an alcoholic of intoxication or a former juvenile of a single crime coming out from the local city jail here within the cow town of Lacy Springs. So, your stolen piece of paper with those magical mathematical numbers on my personal manly testosterone levels is meaningless to my legal case and my redneck teen behavior,” he laughs along with the audience members.
On the defendant’s table, Toluene looks up at Flamingo and laughs out loud with the other teens. She states, “That’s very good! Flamingo should be a lawyer, instead of physician.”
Breck looks up with worry and whispers with his brotherly jealousy. “Yeah, he should.” Because Breck is failing the true test as the upcoming family lawyer. He has dreamed of pursuing that career and assisting the family’s farm business. However, this current legal situation is a family event that involves his brother Flamingo.
Now, Breck cannot muster up one single idea to save Flamingo from the permanent role of fatherhood. He has shadowed the hired and highly paid lawyer and even asked tons of questions during the jury selection process and the actual court trial, but his mind cannot comprehend a legal answer that will save the innocence of Flamingo, which is what a hired and paid lawyer does.
Breck looks down with a stern face and continues to flip each page, quickly reading the information, whispering for his eardrums only. “The baby does not possess a longer second toe. What! Do I possess a longer second toe?” He looks up and stares through the numerous slotted wide railings on the witness stand, seeing the parked two naked feet inside the pair of ratty flip-flops on Flamingo. His acute eyesight does not see a longer second toe on either naked foot on Flamingo. Breck whispers for his eardrums only. “Flamingo does not possess a longer second toe either. Ugh! This tiny kid is looking more and more like Flamingo by the second. I can’t find anything here to help Flamingo’s fight. Now, I understand the term, panic,” Breck looks down and flips the page, whispering for his eardrums only, “The baby possesses a longer ring finger than an index ring. What does that mean? Does Flamingo have a longer ring finger than index finger?” He looks down and holds his four fingers together on his left hand, viewing each digit, sounding with a gasp of alarm. “Shit! I have a longer ring finger, which is like Flamingo, and like the baby as each one of us came from the same zygote. Of course, we are identical brotherly triplets.”
Breck flips the page whispering for his eardrums. “The baby possesses a tongue that prefers salty favors or salty snacks over a set of sweet treats,” he softly chuckles and sticks out his tongue wiggling up and down, tasting the air waves. He sucks his tongue back into his mouth and whispers for his eardrums only. “I prefer a set of salty tastes on my tongue, including bags of potato chips and mugs of cold bitter beer,” he gasps in alarm. “So, Flamingo and Cinco prefer the same two food items, like me. So, Flamingo has a salty tongue, like the baby. Wait a sec! How did the genetic tester determine that the baby possesses a salty tongue over a sweet tongue?”
Breck scans the other printed information on the same page saying with soft whisper. “A salty tasting tongue comes from a European descendent from centuries ago which is based on your personal genotype with a specific genetic marker. A genetic marker is a particular gene inside your human body. In the field of biology, a human mouth contains a set of receptors that detect sweet compounds. Your genes determine if your brain patterns pick up and perceive the sweet taste as pleasurable moment on your tongue. So, a gene inside the baby determines if his tongue likes salty or sweet treats. A gene comes from his biological mother or biological father. Wait a sec! Did I have a set of DNA tests from Jeranda?”
Breck quickly searches the stack of genetics reports and sees only the baby’s name. “Fuck! Litisha is a smart and a smart-ass prosecution lawyer. I bet Jeranda had taken the same DNA tests and possessed a similar genetic report about her salty or sweet tongue. I didn’t have your set of genetics reports, because dumb ass lawyer Toluene didn’t bother to read this new discovery information about science. She personally told me that she didn’t like to study science in high school or college, becoming a lawyer instead. Damn! The answer is here within these missing genetics reports. If only I had Jeranda’s set of genetics test reports, then I could prove that Flamingo is not the father of the child.” He looks up and views Flamingo, listening to Litisha.
On top of the court room floor, Litisha nods with a smirk at the judge and fingers Flamingo. “Therefore, I conclude that Mr. Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth is the father of the baby based on his legally and legitimate lowest number of personal testosterone level that indicates the love of a father towards his child here in the Land of Dixie,” she tosses both of her arms in the air and laughs out loud slowly twirling in a completed circle.
On the defendant’s table, Breck gasps in alarm. “O no! I’m too late.”
Cinco frowns, “Fucking bitch! Flamingo tried really hard to defend his ass with his newly high school education, where he needed the assistance of his hired and highly paid legal lawyer,” he turns and sneers at nose profile on Toluene.
She frowns down at her phone. “I heard that, Cinco.”
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo laughs out loud and slaps his chest. “I, as the defendant of my selfie, must object, Your Honor!” The audience of teens, adults, police officers, two triplet brothers, Arie, and Toluene loudly sound with a gasp in shock.
Litisha spins around and stares at Flamingo gasping in shock. “How can you object, kid? Why do you object? What do you object too, young sir?”
“Well, I want my say in terms of defending my personal testosterone numbers as the owner and the male teen of the stolen piece of medical evidence,” he laughs with the other teens.
Each teen in the audience loudly chants out loud for fun and annoyance toward the adult lawyer. “Flamingo! Flamingo! Flamingo!”
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia tosses both of her arms in the air and shouts with a smile. “Well, I agree whole-heartedly with the defendant and the defendant’s fan base. Please quiet down, while I talk here.” She drops her palms down on the wooden surface. Each teen in the audience slowly reduces down their individual loud noise. Julia nods with a smile to Flamingo. “The stolen medical report is about Flamingo, So, Flamingo has the right to defense his personal testosterone levels from the known, nasty robber. So, please, proceed, Flamingo!”
Litisha gasps in shock and sneers at Julia. “What! Why! How come! Your Honor, I have been patient here for the past three hours and I have made my points several times here in the court room. When are you going to provide the final ruling on paternity case, ma’am?”
“When the time is nigh,” Julia laughs.
“Yes ma’am!” Flamingo turns and smiles at the audience. “A male increases his testosterone hormone by thirty-five percent, when watching one of his favorite porno flicks. The porno flick along with his physical movements over his naked body increases his motivation for work, competitive for sports, and decreases his exhaustion for another round of self-discovery,” he tosses both of his arms in the air and laughs out loud. In the audience, each teen claps and laughs with amusement for Flamingo.
On the defendant’s table, Breck looks down with laughter and flips the page, reading the next report, whispering for his eardrums only. “I still possess a couple more genetic reports. Maybe, one of these can tell me something that can help Flamingo’s fight or flight, before the judge rules. The next genetic report states that the baby possesses a set of detached earlobes. Do I possess a set of detached earlobes? What is a detached earlobe?” He scans the new information on the same report seeing a hand-drawing of a detached earlobe. “A detached earlobe is free flying tissue from the side of the neck which is connected to the ear itself. O! I got it.”
Breck turns and views Cinco, observing the earlobe, gasping in shock and whispers for his eardrums only. “Yes, Cinco displays one detached earlobe on his left side of his face. Thus, Cinco must have the same trait on both sides of his ears. So, Flamingo and the baby share a set of detached earlobes also. This is not good. Geez! These genetics reports are great. Each one is literally building a physical boyish image of the baby right in front of my eyeballs, which looks like Flamingo, Cinco and me.”
In the witness chair, Flamingo continued to wave both of his arms in the air and states with a smile. “I told you before. The male testosterone is a human hormone that affects the male’s mating behavior. The male testosterone hormone will increase when he is exposed to an ovulating female, where her body tosses off a certain type of odor coming from her female hormones too. A male can sense that the female is fertile; where the female feels fertile and chases after a male, just like a feral feline cat. Both mating actions and human genders are driven by the same testosterone hormone.”
Litisha huffs with a puff of annoyance, “Are you finished with your scientific lecture which has nothing to do with your personal testosterone report from last May, Mr. McCory, the fourth?”
He winks with a grin at Litisha. “O baby! I’ll just getting started with my scientific lecture here inside the court room while sitting on his hard wooden chair and looking at your cute frown. I was just explaining how an adult male’s and female’s testosterone sexy hormones work for your nimble and simple mind set. Now, I’m about to explain how testosterone affects a teen, which is me, him, her, she, he, and it, since we live in a transgender world of dynamic changes of mental thoughts processes.”
“Your Honor, he has finished. Could you please rule on this paternity case? The time is approaching ten o’clock, ma’am.” Litisha looks up and frowns at Judge Julia.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia jolts down her own notes and says with a smile. “I do believe that I heard Flamingo say that he has only covered the adult male and female testosterone hormone effects on the human body. He is allowed to explain the male and female testosterone hormone effects on a teen, as he is a teen. Since, you personally decided to steal a piece of medical information about this teen. I am a mother, Litisha. The teen mind and the teen body sometimes are two different entities within the same teen human. Please, precede, Flamingo! I have the court room space until noon time.”
Flamingo nods with a laugh and stares at Litisha. “Yes ma’am. O! I wanted to finish up my lecture with an adult male. The male testosterone levels tend to decline as the male ages which is why there is a demand for the penial products. However, sometimes, a low testosterone level is really a causal symptom ranging from a low sex drive to manic depression in a male human. During one’s puberty, both the teenager male and female experience an increase in their androgen levels, including stinky body odor and excessive oil on their skin, which is called acne. The teen experiences growth of spermatogenic tissues which are a pair of testicles, male fertility, a male penis, a female clitoris enlargement, a penis erection and a female clitoral engorgement during unsafe teen safe,” he laughs and as the audience of teens stands up and cheers for Flamingo’s speech.
Julia laughs. “Sit down, teens! I get it and got it, too, kids.”
Flamingo nods with a smile. “A teenager also displays new curly and colorful pubic hair, a set of hairy armpits, and receives a growth spurt along with accelerated bone maturation plus facial hair for the guys and some gals,” he laughs with the teens.
On the defendant’s table, Cinco swiftly stands upright with a girly giggle and spins around to face the audience of teens, starting to touch and rub his individual body parts, shouting with a smile, “O! I get it now. Look at me, ya’ll! During my teenly puberty, I got all of my male spermatogenic tissues, including my jaw line, my eyebrows, my chin, my nose, my broad shoulders, my deep voice and my Adam’s apple. And I also got my two testicle balls, my wrinkled penis, my libido, my tallness of an erection during each major sex act with my girl Babbie. That’s all pretty cool to know, ya’ll!” he continues to stand and rubs each one of his body parts laughing with the other teens.
On the first row, Babbie slams both of her palms over her red-tinted face giggling with a grin at her guy Cinco. Each one of her friends gently bumps into each one of her crooked arms and laughs out loud with her embarrassment moment from Cinco. Within the audience, each teen turns and points at Cinco while laughing out loud and enjoying the show.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia turns and gasps at the back spine on the dancing silly teen, who continues to stand and uses body parts to communicate with the audience of teens.
Cinco spins around and sits down, laughing out loud with amusement, bumping into the Breck. Breck continues to read the new pieces of paper with seriousness.
On top of the court room floor, Litisha nods with a smile. “I agree with the smart ass kid. At puberty, the male develops man parts. As a male baby, the male body parts are in the stages of developing fetus. During early infancy, within the first few weeks of life for a male baby, their testosterone levels rise and then hits a pubertal range that is clearly detectable by six months of age. Thus, your high levels of testosterone come from your mother.”
Flamingo nods. “In the second trimester of the growing fetus, the androgen level which comes from the mother of the child determines the sex or gender formation of a girl or a boy. The male testosterone hormone has been documented to exist and work before the birth of the developing fetus. At six weeks of gestation of the fetus inside the womb of the mother-to-be, the physician, during the ultrasound examination, can see the genital virilisation, such as, midline fusion, phallic, urethra, scrotal thinning and phallic enlargement. The role of testosterone hormone is tiny when compare to the role of dihydrotestosterone. And there is of the prostate gland and the seminal vesicles. Thus, we are male, men, and ugh,” he laughs with the other male teens. The audience of teens and adults sound with laughter and claps.
On the defendant’s table, Cinco continues to smile and claps leaning over with a whisper into the cheekbone on Breck. “What did Flamingo just say?”
“He’s vomiting out all his learneth medical knowledge from his medical books in order to out-balance his lousy defendant lawyer’s incompetence.” Breck looks up with a stern face to see Flamingo.
Cinco smiles with a nod. “I’m off-balance both in mental and emotional feelings with the defense team and the prosecution team while Flamingo continues to use all of these fancy words. These medical terms mean nothing to my brain cells. Flamingo’s going to become a famous medical physician.”
“That’s the point of a show court of drama here, Cinco. Flamingo is showing off his medical knowledge to impress the judge and the jury of his peers and you,” he laughs out loud.
Cinco grins with a nod. “Okay! Then, Flamingo is doing a very good job. So, his defense lawyer should have asked that of Flamingo, instead of the prosecution lawyer, so the defense team looked smarter than a piece of dry toast,” he turns and sneers at the nose profile on Toluene, who continues to sit and stares with a smile down at her mobile telephone.
Breck whispers back to Cinco. “Yeah, he should have,” Breck exhales with worry and stares at an overconfident Flamingo inside the eyewitness stand. Flamingo has maintained his innocence from the first second, after hearing the bad news from the lips of Jeranda. He is the biological father of a cute blonde-haired and blue-eyed little baby boy, who is named after him or rather after the famous McCory clan.
Toluene, the expensively hired defense lawyer, looks up and smiles at Flaming, instead of her phone without defending the ass on Flamingo during the on-going court trial. But this particular legal law case is not a life or death situation for her client, only a matter of permanent baby responsible, until the age of eighteen years old, when the law determines the teen is an adult. And the fighting matter of an individual money check for ten thousand dollars each month to Jeranda, until her baby turns eighteen years old as the request is demanded by Litisha into the eardrums on Judge Julia.
The defense lawyer has been paid. The mom of the child wants to be paid. And his brother Flamingo has been canned and conned into the state of permanent fatherhood, at the age of eighteen years old, without performing a paternity test.
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo nods. “Thus, I conclude this fact to the nasty prosecution team and my stack of medical papers. I possessed a high level of testosterone inside my mother’s wound which had fluctuated at the age of six weeks, six months, sixteen years old, and finally at eighteen years old. I’m stepping into a pair of man shoes, so my testosterone levels are not really reliable now, or last week, or six months ago, or maybe they just lie,” he laughs with the other male teen students.
Litisha frowns. “You are not smart. You do not graduate from high school. You do not receive a good paying job. Your testosterone test was in the opposite direction and measured low, not highest, smart-ass teen.”
Flamingo frowns and then laughs. “O! I guess I didn’t watch my usual porno flick that special night, before I was tested at the high school medical office for my health to play football, next year,” he tosses both of his arms in the air and laughs with the other teens. He waves his arms and states with a grin. “Or my male love-relationship produced a low level of testosterone for my sweetie as opposed to an unhappy, divorced, and unstable male produces a high amount of testosterone hormone. And I am single, so a single male produces a level of low testosterone as opposed to a married man, who produces a high level of male testosterone. And a married man engaging in an extramarital sexual affair produces a higher level of male testosterone hormone, also, but I ain’t married yet. So, pick one of my true, tried, trialed, and tested scientific explanations that have been researched and conducted by a set of smart academic and scientific medical physicians, lady attorney, for your lousy legal answer,” he slams both of his palms on top of the wooden railing and laughs with the other teens.
Litisha sneers at Flamingo and then turns with a stern face to see the judge, “Your Honor, I would like a ruling from you regarding the testosterone chemical analysis. As we have experienced and have heard, Mr. McCory, the fourth is not willingly to provide a paternity test using his own blood or mouth spit. Thus, I had to find and utilize another measurement method that had been known to exist for years which will prove the paternity with the child and the questionable teen male. What is your answer, Your Honor?” The audience members silence and as each pair of eyeballs shifts up and then stares at Judge Julia. 
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia wiggles side to side and says with a stern face to Litisha. “Did you steal that testosterone medical report from the Lacy Springs High School’s medical office all by yourself or with the aid of another football team’s medical professional?” Litisha continues to sit and frowns in silence. Julia nods and frowns with annoyance. “Yeah, I thought so, too. That medical and physical evidence on a minor child, who is a senior in high school, is tossed out from my court room’s double doors. Do you possess any more stolen medical or psychological or economic or spiritual or mental or academic reports to present inside my court room regarding the medical condition of a teenager, who happens to be the defendant, Litisha?”
Litisha smiles with a nod to Flamingo. “Well, I have one more question for Mr. McCory, the fourth, Your Honor.”
Flamingo tosses both arms in the air and shouts out loud. “O no! Here it comes! Watch out, ya’ll! There might be a field of falling hot steaming green tinted cow patties coming down from the skyline, landing here inside the court room floor on top of one particular lawyer,” he drops both of palms and slaps the wooden railing again laughing with the other teens.
On the defendant’s table, Breck continues to read the papers. “What is the question?”
Cinco leans over and sighs with frustration, mouth spitting into the cheekbone on Breck, whispering with worry. “Have you not been paying attention here, Breck? The question of the century is about to be announced. Where is the money, honey?” He sits back and tenses with the upcoming question and the consequences for his brother Flamingo.
Litisha nods to Flamingo. “Are you the father of the child, who is named after you, McCory, the fourth?”
Flamingo smiles, “No ma’am!”
In the audience, each teen bounces up and down or stands upright while shouting out loud with confusion or pointing at Flamingo, who either lies or tells the truth. No one person, inside this court room, the cow town of Lacy Springs, the State of Alabama, the U.S.A., the North American continent, the entire global world, and the Milky Way Galaxy, knows the answer.
A few seconds later, each teen sits down or calms down while listening to the exchange between Litisha and Flamingo like a soap opera television show.
Litisha gasps in alarm and then smiles with a nod. “Well, I do not believe you. But I do believe my client Jeranda that loves her little boy, who is named after your person and your family’s clan. And I do believe that you love Jeranda and your newborn son. So, I have more questions for you.”
“Go for it, sister! And then shoot it dead!” Flamingo laughs with the other teens.
She smiles. “Mr. McCory, the fourth, how do you feel about your new biological son?”
He smiles, “Nothing!”
On the prosecution table, Jeranda gasps in shock. “He lies.”
On the defendant’s table, Breck looks down laughter and stares down at the same page of information, whispering for his eardrums only. “He’s right. This genetic report shows that both the baby and Flamingo possesses a set of detached earlobes. Hmm! A pair of detached earlobes is a genetic trait that comes only from the genes on one parent or both parents. However, there is something missing here. What is it? What is missing here? I am missing something here,” he smiles and snaps his fingers, “Yeah!” He slowly spins around and scans the audience of teen, locating each one of his childhood friends.
Brett and his girlfriend Fannie cover each open pair of lips with a cupped hand while gossiping about both Flamingo and Litisha.
Doyle holds up his personal mobile telephone devise and records the physical action and nasty conversation between Flamingo and Litisha. He will place the phone recording on the internet at his home computer for each teenager to see, review, and comment while seeking support for Flamingo and revenge on Jeranda.
His friend, fellow football player Acton is seated with a smile and flings a set of silent hand signals to his girl Messi from the court audience section, without perturbing the judge.
His friend, future sister-in-law Babbie sits and stares at Flamingo, occasionally wiping off a stray tear of worry that Flamingo will be labeled a father at the age of eighteen years old, which will change his life and the lives at the McCory Cow Ranch, foreverly.
Her mother Arie continues to sit and holds the hand on her future husband A.J. staring with a smirk at her son Flamingo. She’s getting her way as the mother of three grown sons and a newish grandmother of a three-month-old baby with a head of blonde curls and a pair of blue eyeballs like his biological father.
On the defendant’s table, Breck locates his childhood friend Yancy.
Yancy sits between two pretty girls and touches his body parts for fun trying to impress each female without success. He wears a pair of corrective prescription eye glasses over his damaged retina from a violent body hit during the championship game.
Breck narrows his two eyelids and focuses on Yancy’s earlobes, gasping in shock, whispering for his eardrums only. “Yeah, I remember that too. Yancy mentioned over and over again that he possessed a pair of attached earlobes. His earlobes are different looking, making him appear like an elf. Yeah, I recall. Flamingo observed during his stint as a medical clerk for the football team’s medical physician Dr. Slate that Yancy possessed a set of attached earlobes, instead of a set of detached earlobes, like me. I see the difference. Why is there a difference in a pair of earlobes?”
Breck returns back and reads the same page of information with a whisper. “An earlobe is comprised of fleshy tissue of collagen and fat cells. An earlobe does not contain bone or cartilage while feeling soft and mushy, tantalizing the sexual pleasure receptors for both a male and a female. An attached earlobe is connected to the side of the face. A pair of detached earlobes freely hangs along the side of the neck. A detached pair of earlobes is a dominate trait that comes from the genes of one or both parents. The attached pair of earlobes is a recessive trait. This genetic report has determined that the baby possesses a pair of detached earlobes based on his genetic marker that has been inherited from one or both parents. Does Jeranda possess a pair of detached earlobes?”
Breck looks up and turns to study Jeranda, studying her right earlobe on the side of her head, whispering for his eardrum only. “If I possessed her set of DNA genetic reports, then I wouldn’t need my eyeballs to study the evil subject. Her earlobes are not funny looking like Yancy’s, so she appears to possess a set of detached earlobes, like me, Flamingo, and the baby. Damn! I thought I had found a unique trait that’s exclusive with Jeranda, not with Flamingo. Then, I can show true legal lawyer evidentiary proof that Flamingo is not the father of the child,” he turns and stares with a deep sigh at Flamingo while hearing the conversation at the witness stand between Flamingo and Litisha.
Litisha grins at Flamingo. “Do you feel disbelief, suspicion, deeply troubled, young sir?”
Flamingo smiles, “No.”
“Do you feel afraid and scared?”
“No.”
On the defendant’s table, Breck exhales with worry whispering for his eardrums only. “Yes, I do feel worry for you, Flamingo. He entire life is about to change, and I can’t stop it,” he looks down with a stern face and flips the page, reading the information, whispering for his eardrums only. “Ugh! This is the end for Flamingo. This is the last genetics report on the baby. I really don’t wanna read it, because I’ll feel really depressed and sad afterwards,” he exhales with worry and looks up, staring at Flamingo.
Litisha is directing the line of legal questions towards a love-relationship between Flamingo and whore Jeranda. Flamingo has never established a love-relationship with any girl but Violet as their two individual zodiac signs are compatible for reach other which will lead to marriage and a happy husband-wife relationship foreverly.
On top of the court room floor, Litisha smiles at Flamingo. “Does an unplanned pregnancy producing a live birth of the child represent a piece of unfilled love? Do you possess feelings of an unfilled love?”
Flamingo smiles, “No.”
“Do you feel that there is a chance for a new beginning with Jeranda and Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth?”
“No.”
Breck exhales with concern for his family and then looks down with a stern face, reading the last page of new information, whispering for his eardrums only. “The baby possesses a set of dry earwax. Why’s that important here? Who cares about their individual earwax condition? No one thinks about their individual earwax properties, including me, Flamingo, Jeranda, and a three-month-old baby. Why’s this genetic report even important to a medical physician? It does not help me in helping Flamingo’s fight against that whore Jeranda.” He reads the entire report. “Earwax traps dust, dirt, and bacteria that flows into the ear canal which helps prevent a nasty ear infection. O! That’s why Almighty God created earwax,” he softly chuckles and continues reading. “Dry earwax is not linked to less B.O. or body odor,” he laughs. “Then, each Lacy Springs High football player does not possess a set of dry earwax inside their ear canal, because their body greatly stinks after each football practice so bad that you need a clothes line pin to hold over your two nose holes,” he smiles and continues to read with a whisper. “About 2,000 years, no, it is 2,000 generations ago, that’s a long line of ancient dead people,” he softly chuckles. “Around 2,000 generations ago, almost all of the humans migrated out of Africa. I learned that information from my World History academic course in the tenth grade. One group of humans moved to the present day continent of Europe, where their present day people are called Europeans. The other group of humans moved to the present day continent of Asia. O! That’s really interesting. The people that moved to the present day continent of Asia had developed a certain type of dry earwax between their two ear canals. O! That’s interesting also. What is dry earwax? I have never heard that medical term before. I didn’t learn about earwax during my required health class in the tenth grade also, which is a gross topic of human body functions. Dry earwax appears as a flaky, white-colored substance when it is compared to wet earwax. Wet earwax! What is wet earwax? I didn’t know that wet earwax existed in a human body. Wet earwax is a dark-colored and sticky substance.”
He gasps in shock and whispers for his eardrums only. “There are two different types of earwax substances that exist in the human body. I didn’t know that either,” he continues to read the same genetics report. “The type of earwax depends upon one gene or genetic trait. One gene is a protein that carries the fatty substances out from the interior ear canal and stores it in the outer canal. That one gene determines if lesser fatty substances is stored into the earwax which causes a dry consistency. So, a human eardrum coming from that one gene contains either dry or wet earwax. The condition of dry earwax comes from a dead ancient relative that descended from the Asia people that had walked from the continent of Africa and then stopped living in present day Asia. Wait! I possess blonde hair and blue eyeballs. An Asia person displays olive skin and black hair. That’s not me! I’m from the line of dead European ancestors, where I possess Italian blood like my Grandfather Dunlap and my Grandmother McCory, not an ounce of Asia blood.”
He continues to read the genetic report. “The baby’s genetic percentage of dry earwax is measured at ninety-eight percent, which is almost one hundred percent. And the genetic marker for dry earwax is inherited from one parent or both parents. This is it! I found it! I found the genetic difference between the baby and my brother Flamingo. I have the answer! Yeah! Yes! Yay!” He looks up and smiles at Flamingo and then gasps in alarm. “I’m running outta of time. Flamingo is running outta of time too. Litisha has spent too much time harassing Flamingo’s ass and is wrapping up her legal line of questioning about the baby and Jeranda. I must prepare my genetic presentation to the judge, not Toluene. I must rush.”
Breck whips out his mobile telephone with a smile and types on the keyboard, reading the screen, jolting down all of the new information on top of the genetics paper report to save his brother Flamingo from fatherhood.
On top of the court room floor, Litisha smiles at Flamingo. “Do you trust Jeranda?”
Flamingo sneers, “No.”
“Do you believe Jeranda?”
“No.”
“I do believe that I have exhausted all of my questions about my client Jeranda. I would like to ask you some personal questions, Flamingo? Do you mind?”
“No.”
“Do you feel the need to turn your love around and marry Jeranda?”
He frowns, “Naw.”
“Will you quit the partying and loving-making with your girly whores and then devote your personal teenly time to your biological son, who is named after your person?”
He laughs, “Never.”
Litisha nods, “Will you grow up and accept your manly responsible as the biological father of your biological son?”
Flamingo smiles, “Never.”
On the defendant’s table, Breck almost finishes preparing his legal report and looks up with a gasp, seeing Flamingo. He leans over and mouth spits at the suntanned cheekbone on the lawyer. “Flamingo is losing the war. Do something right now to help Flamingo, Toluene!”
Toluene looks up with a smirk and stares at her client. “Flamingo has jumped overboard into the pool of sharks. He’s drowning in own sewer shit.” She softly laughs.
Litisha continues to stand sideways and wears a smile while watching first Flamingo and then Toluene. “Will you do what the right and might thing here, Mr. McCory, the fourth?”
Flamingo grins. “No.”
“You have created a wonderful life form, a baby. Do you feel joy for the baby, Mr. McCory, the fourth?”
“No.”
She smiles, “Will you be involved in the baby’s life?”
Flamingo laughs, “Never!”
Litisha turns and smiles at Julia. “Your Honor, I rest my legal side of the fatherly paternity case here. Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth is a father and is unwillingly to accept his fatherly role to his baby son, who is named after him. I or you or her or his mother cannot force Flamingo to visit with his biological baby. However, I do believe that he can be substituted by a supporting check, which is money for life items. I do believe this is the least fatherly effort Mr. McCory, the fourth can contribute to this terrible non-loving and hostile mother-father relationship.”
“Never!” He laughs out loud.
She turns and sneers at Flamingo. “I was not talking to you, young stud.”
“Never!” he smiles.
Litisha sneers, “I was not talking to you, Flamingo.”
“Never!” Flamingo chuckles.
Julia frowns down at the rude behavior coming from the prosecution attorney. “Have your finished questioning your star eyewitness, Attorney Litisha?”
“Yes,” Litisha continues to back step and sneers at Flamingo, stops, then sits down on top of the hard, bench seat beside her client Jeranda while watching the judge. Time’s up. The clock on the forward wall reads fifteen minutes before high noon, which is almost the lunch time period for a worker. So, Judge Julia must finally rule on the paternity case, before the court room closes down for the lunch meal.
Each legal side has provided a free opportunity to speak about the fatherhood. However, the prosecution team has done an excellent job proving the fatherhood theory for the baby, without a valid blood test coming from a stubborn and arrogant teen Flamingo.
Litisha turns and smiles at her lazy legal opponent Toluene, who has earned a pretty nice set of pennies from Arie McCory for the legal kangaroo court today. Toluene also continues to sit and stares down at her mobile telephone screen during the entire court trial of teenagers. But Litisha is about to trump her victory with the judge in a few more seconds.
On the defendant’s table, Breck swiftly stands upright from the hard seat and waves his arm in the air smiling at the judge. “Your Honor, I would like to question my client.”
In the first row, Arie gasps in shock and narrows her two eyelashes at the back spine on Breck, who has always sided with her about the legal fatherhood for Flamingo. She whispers. “What is Breck doing up there? He’s not a licensed Alabama attorney. He’s a high school senior student here.”
A.J. continues to hold her hand and hears her soft words, whispering back with a smile into her soft cheekbone. “Your three sons are always filled with adventuresome and mischievousness. Cinco must’ve become bored and then challenged Breck with a vocal dare, where Breck could not refuse.”
She frowns. “He must have.”
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha swiftly stands upright and sneers at Breck. “What in the fuck is this? He…he’s a child. He…he’s a teenager. He…he’s a high schooler. He’s not a legal lawyer.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia turns and frowns at Litisha. “Now, usually, I would toss a contempt charge on your ass and then your ass lands down inside one of my empty jail cells in the rear of this court room for that rude outburst and cursing behavior inside my court room. However, this is a truly a kangaroo court with a set of cute and ugly hopping teenly kangaroos, in which, I care not to court around. The defense team has paid all the court costs, up front, which is a pretty nice penny for the Lacy Springs’ war treasure chest. So, if an eighteen-year-old, high school senior student, and a future pre-law college student wants to question the father of the child, who is his brotherly client, then I will allow it. Also, there will be no more outbursts without raising your arm first and then waiting for my head nod,” she laughs out loud with some of the audience members. She motions with a smile to Breck. “Future junior lawyer Breck, please, come up here onto court room floor and proceed with your line of questions with your defendant Flamingo.” In the audience, each teen, adults, and police officer sounds with a series of claps, hoots, whistles, and cheers for Breck and his upcoming debut as a junior unlicensed lawyer.
On the defendant’s table, Toluene slides off from the bench seat and stands on top of the wooden floor, staring with a sour frown at Breck.
Breck scoots away from the wooden table and spins around facing the audience, nodding with a smile. He carefully backsteps and waves both of his hands near his smile, holding a small stack of papers in one cupped palm. “We are all here to observe the Sixth Amendment with the U.S. Constitution. There are five components of the Sixth Amendment within the U.S. Constitution that guarantees the right for each American citizen, like me and you and he and she and it, sometimes,” he laughs with the audience. “He receives the right to a speedy and public trial which is occurring right now, so I will check mark that one off my vocal list. He receives the right to be tried by an impartial jury, which represents all of you, teens, so I will check mark that one off my vocal list too. My brother receives the right to be informed of all the criminal or civil or baby charges, where he is the proposed father of an infant baby boy,” he slaps his chest hearing the laughs from the teens. He says with a nod and a smile. “And my brother receives the right of an attorney, which is now me, since our recently hired, highly paid Alabama licensed one sucks on raw eggnog,” he laughs with the other teens and some of the mature adults, which does not include his mother Arie and the defense lawyer Toluene. A.J. smirks without his future wife seeing his face of true but vile content coming out from Breck’s mouth.
“Your Honor!” Toluene slides back down into the bench seat.
Cinco slides over and sits next to Toluene, laughing with his happy face and then whispers with glee. “My brother Breck has found something that will save my other brother Flamingo. Breck’s going to become a great lawyer for the McCory family and farm.”
She frowns. “Not really!”
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia smiles down at the blonde-tinted hair roots on Breck, “Silence! I am interested in his storytelling. Please, be silent in here. Please continue, future junior lawyer Breck.”
Breck continues to backstep, stops, and then stands beside the witness box, without seeing Flamingo, facing the audience of teens. He smiles and continues to wave a thin stack of loose papers in one cupped hand shouting out loud. “There is a set of hard scientific evidence that a natural bonding occurs between a mother and a baby. This is a physical process whereby the cells on the growing fetus pass down into the maternal circulation system during the process of pregnancy. This happens at five weeks of gestation inside the fetus. Literally, the cells coming from the fetus travel down into the mother’s body. Thus, the mother feels more connection to the fetus rather than the father-to-be. Thus, a man and a woman react differently to a planned or unplanned pregnancy.”
On the defendant’s table, Toluene leans over and frowns into the cheekbone on Cinco, staring at Breck. “What is Breck doing?”
Cinco leans over and mouth spits at the detached earlobe on Toluene saying with a soft growl, “He’s saving your ass from my mama and my mama’s fury! My mama paid you a bunch of good money to save Flamingo’s ass here inside this court room with his court case. As of now, I don’t see you saving anyone’s ass but your own.”
Toluene reaches up and wipes off the warm mouth spit from her eardrum saying with a sneer. “There’s nothing that I can do here. I have on good word. Judge Julia will rule, Flamingo must take a paternal blood test, which will determine the truth for the baby. Or Judge Julia will rule. Flamingo is the father, without the paternal test of his blood protein. That’s the law of the land here in Dixie and the rest of the world. You’re a spoiled brat and cannot comprehend the real world. College learning will do you a world of greatness, if you’re able to hack in the tough setting of academics,” she laughs. Cinco sneers into her face. She scoots over and sits on the end of the bench seat presenting a smirk, looking down and fiddles with her phone while singing in a set of soft chuckles.
On top of the court room floor, Breck continues to stand with a smile and waves the stack of paper at the audience of teens and adults. “So, a father-to-be is not emotionally connected to the pregnancy like the mother-to-be. But, a father-to-be is more concerned about the circumstances of the fetus rather than his embedded sissy emotion, such like, the financial fun facts of the baby which creates a warm fuzzy feeling of worry. So, I am trying to justify the detached emotions of Mr. McCory, the fourth. If a true father-to-be is not connected to the mother-to-be pregnancy, then Flamingo has rightly shown a true response of avoidance from that baby. He has been pushing away from that baby and that mother of the child, so this is a natural reaction in a runaway male. Flamingo might have shown a more drastic act by staying inside a cave for a couple of days and nights,” he slowly spins around winks at Flamingo. Flamingo laughs with a nod in silence. Breck spins back around and smiles to the audience. “So, if Flamingo pushes back, then his loving family members should remain calm, positive, hopeful while holding reserve judgment from his silly teenly actions.”
At the defendant’s table, Toluene looks down and types on the keyboard on her phone saying with confusion. “Where is Breck getting his invalid and illegal medical information?”
Cinco smiles with a nod to Breck, “I don’t know. But he’s proving out to become an excellent upcoming young future lawyer.”
She whispers. “He is proving out to becoming a complete asshole.”
Breck nods to the audience. “So, the new mother should have given Flamingo more time without chasing his ass down or demanding his fatherhood or even entering into his teenly man cave,” he laughs with the audience. “Flamingo needs more time to process the news flash of a baby and the bold returning of a former flame, like Austin does not,” he chuckles with his brothers.
The audience of teens swiftly stands and shouts out loud, “Berrington! Berrington! Berrington!”
On the first row in the audience section, Arie gasps in shock and turns around to see some of the high schoolers, who have also read The Quartet adventure novels that contain murder, sex, violence, greed, hate, sadness, depression along with love, happiness, and family ties. She whispers, “I’m behind the times, which is called a teenage generation gap,” she returns back and frowns at Breck for creating a teen riot inside the court room setting.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia frowns and slaps the gavel on top of the wooden surface, shouting out loud. “Silence in here! Be quiet inside my court room!” In the audience, each teen sits down and continues to snigger out loud, bumping with their buddy. She nods to Breck. “Please, continue with your storyline, future junior lawyer Breck.”
Breck nods with a smile to the audience. “His anxiety is more often than not his own inadequacies as a new father that gently falls into his own manhood. Each one of his loving family members also should open up a talking dialogue with Flamingo. Compose and present a listing of mixed feeling for discussion about his upcoming manhood. Express your mental thoughts to Flamingo about his young life. At the same time, each one of his family members should try to understand Flamingo’s point of view, his situation, his perspective. Each family member should view Flamingo through the eyeballs of their own feelings and emotions about his upcoming manhood also. Each family member should listen to his or her insecurities, his or her childhood anecdotes, his or her worries and then truly dive into his or her side of loneliness before reaching his or her upcoming manhood or womanhood. I am his brother. I happen to be a triplet brother as we are born from the same zygote, which my brother Flamingo always says. My advice to my bro is stay strong, make your decision carefully, and then stick it with fury. As I have known Flamingo my entire life, I know that my brother does not support my opinions, sometimes, and discounts my wise advice almost all the time. But it is time for me to reassess my brotherly relationship with my brother Flamingo as he approaches his upcoming manhood. Of course, Flamingo has a falling tendency listening with a set of clogged earwax inside each eardrum to a wise voice coming from our wise and older and pretty mother,” he reaches up and places his index finger pad into his eardrum, rubbing the interior ear canal, pulling out the finger with a chuckle. He looks down and frowns at the exposed colored yellow earwax, wiping his dirty, sticky finger pad at the fabric leg on his blue jeans.
Breck looks up and smiles at the audience. “However, I have learned that it is normal to possess a set of mixed deeply feelings about my brother Flamingo. Frankly, it would be really weird, if I did not feel anxiety, excitement, and elation when he and I engage in an occasion fist fight or a temper tantrum or a silly pow-wow moment.” He laughs with his two brothers at the secret meetings. “Now, it is a new moment of time, within our teenly life, when change happens from a teen into a man. The laughter, the giggles, the cuddles, the fights, the cursing, and the one bloody nose hole moment will last for the rest of our lives as three teens grow into three men also. No one can take those past or future moments away from us. Now, I have one finally question for my client,” he spins around and nods to Flamingo. “Are you the father of that cute blonde-haired and blue-eyed baby boy, who is named Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth?”
Inside the witness box, Flamingo shakes his nasty ass-backwards baseball cap and states with a smile, “No.”
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha continues to stand and tosses both of her arms in the air, dumping her skull backwards, expressing a sigh. “Finally, finally, and finally, this is over. Please rule and announce your legal decision, Your Honor,” she looks down and wears a smirk viewing Julia.
Breck continues to stand in front of the Flamingo and looks up sounding with a gasp, viewing the judge. “But I’m not finished with my line of questions for my client, Your Honor.”
Litisha wiggles her body side to side and waves both of her arms in the air, saying with a sour frown, jabbing her finger at the back spine on Breck. “Yes, yes, yes, you are finished here and now, ya non-licensed hillbilly youth. You are rambling about the Sixth Amendment and the rights of the U.S. Constitution. Every senior high schooler knows their rights here in America.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia turns and smiles at Litisha. “Thank you, Litisha!”
Litisha nods with a smile and sits down on top of the shared bench seat wiggling in delight with her legal victory. “You are welcome, Your Honor!” Jeranda leans over and slaps the arm on Litisha presenting a smile with her own victory in silence.
Julia looks down and smiles at Breck. “Thank you for reminding me that each American citizen, within our great nation, has rights under the Sixth Amendment. Now, future junior lawyer Breck, please, continue your question with your client.”
Litisha stands and gasps in shock. “What!”
Julia turns and frowns at Litisha. “Sit down, Litisha!” She views the defendant’s lawyer. “Attorney Toluene, it is your turn for the truth. Do you know the set of questions future junior lawyer Breck is about to ask his client, who is his brother?”
“Uh!” Toluene gasps in shock and then looks up, shaking her curls at the judge. “No, I do not.”
She frowns at Toluene and then looks down at Breck saying with a nod. “Yeah, I thought not, also. Please, continue with your questioning, future junior lawyer Breck.”
Breck nods with a smile. “Thank you, your Honor!”
Litisha sits back down on the prosecution bench and sneers at the back spine on Breck. “There is nothing more to say or do or talk about. Flamingo is the father of the child. I demand to know when this kangaroo court going to end.”
Breck spins around with a smile and views Litisha. “This court trial is going to end in a few more minutes. Then, everyone will get to go back home for a fun day, without taking any high school tests. How does that sound, ya’ll?” He smiles at the teen. Each teen member sounds with a set of claps, cheers, and hoots. Principle Marshall does not stop the noise either as the teens are learning about the true State of Alabama justice system in the real world along with Flamingo.
“Silence, please!” Julia smiles without slapping the gavel on top of the wooden surface allowing the student noise to subside into quietness. Finally, this ridicule court trial of teenagers is ending for the day.
On top of the court room floor, Breck spins around, moves ahead, and then stands in front of Flamingo expressing a smile and a wink in silence. The audience of teens and adults are still listening to Breck and Flamingo word exchange.
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo gasps in alarm and leans over whispering to Breck. “What are you doing up here? I’m on trial for my future teenly life form as a non-loving father, Breck. I need a true lawyer. Where’s my truly, incompetent, overpaid lawyer?”
Breck chuckles at the true statement and then winks to Flamingo. “Lookie, bro! I get and got this one. Answer the question, when I ask it with your truth. The truth will set you free, bro.” He nods with a smile.
“What!” He gasps in alarm and worry.
Breck swiftly spins back around and views the audience, nodding with a smile. “Now, I am going to ask a series of question to Flamingo. He will answer each one with his honest, loud, clear manly baritone timber for each pair of eardrums. But wait! Before, I start the line of questioning with my client.”
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha continues to sit and sneers at Breck, “Your Honor, I object his fun, which is not fun for me.”
Julia laughs. “Be quiet, Litisha!”
Breck smiles, “I mentioned before that Flamingo has rights under the Sixth Amendment coming from the great U.S. Constitution. That’s why he’s here, and why you’re here with him. Within the Sixth Amendment, I did not mention the fifth component, the right to confront and call witnesses. Flamingo must have the opportunity to confront and cross-examine each eyewitness…”
“He did. His lawyer didn’t,” Litisha laughs. “This court trial has finished, Your Honor. Do I need to remind here! The time is 11:50 am. The court room closes at noon for the lunch meal.”
Julia smiles at the rear blonde-tinted hairy skull on Breck. “Please ignore the prosecution team and carry on with your legal discussion with me, not Litisha.”
“Yes ma’am!” Breck smiles, “The confrontation and cross-examination process for each eyewitness ensures the due process right for Flamingo. Each eyewitness statement is recorded and spoken out loud in a court of law as opposed to any nasty hearsay gossip from your neighbor across the dirt road. Each side is allowed to call an eyewitness for their benefit of the legal case. Now, Flamingo was not allowed to confront or cross-examine the main eyewitness for his fatherly paternal case.”
Litisha laughs. “You’re over your big head, Breck. Each eyewitness was called and spoke in a set of honest terms about Flamingo while his defense attorney sat there and played on her mobile telephone.” Toluene turns and gasps at Litisha. Litisha turns and winks at Toluene. “We all saw it, Toluene. Some of us even video-recorded it with their cell phone, sister,” she laughs with the audience of teens and adults.
Toluene gasps again in alarm and spins around scanning the audience of teens, seeing numerous upright personal mobile telephones facing the right direction and recording her words and actions within this unusual, rare, weird, and strange simple paternity case. She swings around and types on her phone texting her husband with the terrible news and guidelines to resolve the future matter.
In the audience section, on the first row, Arie continues to sit and frowns with annoyance in silence squeezing A.J.’s hand with worry and angry regarding her first born triplet son.
On top of the court room floor, Breck views the audience. “I am ignoring the nasty and rude verbal comments flowing from the other side of the court room, which is known as the prosecution bench, Your Honor.” Julia chuckles. He smiles, “Now, here in a court trial, Flamingo cannot cross-examine the main eyewitness during his fatherly paternity case, who is the baby. A baby cannot talk or walk or pee in the toilet by itself. However, I do possess a set of reports that can be legally substituted for the main eye witness, which is baby, and can be used to cross-examine the main eyewitness for Flamingo’s defense, with your permission, of course, Your Honor.”
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha shouts out loud and presents a sour frown. “No! Teen Breck can’t do this without my permission.”
Julia states, “I’m boss here, Litisha. I wanna here the new discussion thread.”
Breck spins around and faces Flamingo, “Now, I’m ready to start my line of legal questioning at my client,” He exhales with nervousness. “Do you possess a salty taste on your pink tinted tongue, Flamingo?”
In the audience section, a short, pretty, teen female with a tone of pale skin and head of long black hair slowly stands wearing a smile and touches her lips, “I got a sugary tongue. Do you wanna touch it with your wet tongue, Breck? Do you like the taste of sweetness, sugar? I like you, Breck. Are you going to marry me, today, also?”
Julia slaps the gavel and points at the teen. “Sit down, female teen! Or you can leave my court room.” The teen female sits down with laughter and leans over whispering with her school girlfriends.
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo frowns. “I…I do not know. What are you doing up here, Breck?”
“Lucky for me, I do know,” he waves the paper near his smile. “I possess a piece of paper that holds the answer to my posed question.”
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha continues to sit and sneers at the back spine on Breck. “Your Honor, is the future dumb lawyer, who is really a high school student, going to read his set of baby papers, until the suppertime meal this evening? Because I have places to be and appointments to keep,” she laughs with the audience of teens.
Julia looks down and frowns at Breck. “Young future lawyer, I have given you an opportunity which you seem to be wasting with my time and your time. Is there a point to your line of questions?”
Breck nods with a stern face to the judge. “Yes ma’am! I have a valid legal point here. Flamingo does not know the answer to my posed medical question, because he has not ever been asked that particular question before. However, this piece of paper is related only to baby boy McCory, the sixth. And it…”
“What!” On the defendant’s table, Toluene looks up from the phone and frowns at the back spine on Breck, whispering to Cinco. “What’s your brother Breck talking about? Why is he waving around a sheet of paper? What’s on that sheet of paper that he’s waving around? Where did he get that sheet of paper? Is that legal piece of paper? O my goodness! Breck, he’s going to get me jailed inside one of her empty but newly decorated jail cells for his insurrection act on the court room floor. What’s he doing up there near the witness stand with your brother, anyways?”
“Your legal lawyering job, bitch!” Cinco sneers at Toluene while staring at Flamingo.
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha frowns. “Your Honor, this is called something that I can’t or won’t explain with my common sense or law sense. I demand to see that piece of paper that holds the baby’s name. That piece of paper is both illegal and invalid.”
On top of the court room floor, Breck spins around and smiles at Litisha, “You have the same piece of paper. You gave this piece of paper to Flamingo’s lawyer, like you’re supposed to do, before a court of law begins. This piece of paper is a set of medical results coming from a series of genetic tests that the three-month-old baby received from a genetics laboratory at a privately owned genome testing company. Each genetic report is valid, real, true, genuine and authentic.”
Toluene turns and sneers at the prosecution lawyer. “What’s he talking about, Litisha?”
Litisha sits down and shuffles the stack of papers on top of the wooden table. “I don’t know. I mean. I do know. I mean. I’m looking for the same piece of paper with the baby’s name.”
Julia turns and smiles at Litisha. “Until you find the same piece of paper, Litisha, I will allow Breck to continue with his storyline. I am very curious and intrigued also.”
Breck spins back around and nods with a smile to the judge saying with a calm timber. “Does Flamingo possess a salty or a sugary taste on his pink tinted tongue? I asked that question to Flamingo, because this piece of paper states that the McCory baby possesses sixty-three percent of a salty tongue based on his individual inherited genes. Please forgive me, Your Honor. I am not explaining based on any correct scientific and medical words as I am only a high school senior at the moment. But I can clearly communicate my intent here to you and the jurors and the audience of teens and Litisha too. A gene comes from both the mother and the father that creates a little tiny baby. However, Flamingo has not bothered to volunteer any of his inherited genes for any type of medical or mental test,” he laughs along with Cinco.
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo sneers at his brother then states with a nasty tone. “That’s not funny, Brick Brain!”
Breck nods then says. “So, a salty tongue comes from either the mother’s gene or the father’s gene or both of the parental genes, which is called an inherited gene.”
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha continues to shuffle around pieces of paper and finds the same paper with the tongue information on the baby reading the information in silence. She states, “Breck is making no sense here. I found it. This is a genetic report. Yes, the baby had undergone a set of genetic tests based on his tiny body samples of a blood protein, unlike his biological father, of course. However, a genetic report is never used in a court of law. The genetic report is a new thing and clearly misunderstood with the jury and the judge. Please, dismiss this silly statement coming out from the mouth of a babe, Your Honor,” she laughs.
Julia turns and frowns at Litisha, tapping her graying temple with a slight nod. “I seem to remember that you used a testosterone report that had been stolen from the Lacy Springs High School’s medical office without a search warrant from me or another circuit judge. Then you presented all the information here in my court room. All’s fair in war and love and court evidentiary legal papers, today, Attorney Litisha! You should remember that line for any and all future legal cases. So, I will allow Breck to continue with his questions and his storyline. I am both intrigued and curious like the other teens,” she drops her hand down on the wooden surface and turns with a smile to see Breck.
Breck whips out the next piece of paper. “The baby possesses a pair of detached earlobes. Within the medical world, an earlobe is comprised of connective tissues that combine with a mixture of areola tissues and fat cells. The pair of earlobes carries blood supply which keeps the organs warm and balanced for the human. There are two types of earlobes, attached or free and detached. Each human body possesses one type only.”
“I have a pair of attached earlobes. I am the opposite of a detached earlobe. Do you wanna see the difference in my earlobes with Flamingo’s, Your Honor?” Yancy swiftly stands from his pew bench and touches both of his earlobes presenting a nod and a smile. Each face turns and laughs at a silly Yancy.
Julie looks up and gasps in shock studying then motioning to Yancy. “Yes, I do, young sir. Please, please, come up here and stand before me. What’s your name, teen?”
Yancy swiftly moves ahead and smiles at the judge. “My name is Yancy. And it was Flamingo that figured out that I had a set of attached earlobes, when he was playing a fake medical asshole doctor during the last few football games. I inherited a pair of attached earlobes from my great-great grandfather, who came here from the country of Scotland,” he enters the court room floor and stops in front of judge’s bench, pulling on his two attached earlobes. “You can visually see that my matching pair of attached earlobe hangs along my neckline or connects to the side of my face. If you look at Flamingo or his triplet brother Breck, who stands beside me, their matching pair of earlobes is free and kinda swings outward in the air waves, without touching their neckline or the side of their face.”
She inserts her eyeglasses and studies Yancy’s earlobes first and then Breck’s earlobes, saying with a smile. “Yes! Yes! I clearly see the difference in a pair of freely detached or a set of hanging down attached earlobes. Thank you, young man!” She sits back and removes her eyeglasses, staring at Breck.
Breck nods with a smile and points at Flamingo. “Flamingo has a pair of detached earlobes that also matches the baby.”
“Breck!” Flamingo continues to sit inside the witness box and sneers at his brother. This new information is not helping his plan to win the court case and not become a newish father of the baby brat.
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha stands and flings the same genetic report in the air laughing with a smile. “Well, I whole-heartedly agree with the future junior lawyer. Breck has done my job, for me. He has proven that Flamingo is the baby’s father with that same genetic trait of a set of detached earlobes. The baby has a set of matching detached earlobes too. I’m reading this same genetic piece of paper also, Your Honor. Please finally rule for my client and her son while ending this long-suffering court trial that has taken up my busy morning, before my lunch meal.”
“Breck!” Flamingo continues to sit inside the witness stand and growls at his brother.
Breck spins around and laughs out loud, staring at Litisha. “You need to attend more high school or college science courses, Miss Nasty Prosecution Lawyer. The majority of the people on Planet Earth possess a pair of detached earlobes, because it is a dominant inherited allele gene coming from your mommy or your daddy or both of your parents. The percentage is seventy percent. So, it is thirty percent for a person to inherit the recessive allele gene and display a pair of attached earlobes, like my childhood friend Yancy,” he reaches over and hugs Yancy laughing with a grin, “Thanks for the demonstration, Yancy. Go back and sit down, please!” Breck releases the hug with a chuckle and forcefully shoves Yancy away from his taller body.
“Shore thing, Breck!” Yancy spins around, moves ahead with a smile and then exits the court galley, sitting back down in the audience. Some of the closer students turn and softly chat with Yancy about his earlobes, the judge, the witness box, and Flamingo, of course.
Breck smiles to Litisha. “And I found all that medical information on my mobile telephone, which you can find and review also. I would like to point here about the science field of genetics. Researchers all over the world are smarter than I and study about genetic traits all the time, conducting numerous scientific studies. Genetics is the study of heredity. Heredity is the transmission of specific genetic characters coming from your biological parents invading their biological offspring. A dominate gene shows up over a recession gene, such like, a glowing head of red hair over a head of dull black hair. For a common list of some visual genetic characteristics, you can visually see a set of dimples in the cheeks, a jaw line with a cleft chin, a hairline with a widow’s peak, a pair of attached earlobes on the side of the face, the ability to roll the human tongue inside the mouth, an arc of the hitchhiker’s thumb, and a bigger second toe on both of the naked feet.”
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha continues to stand and shouts out loud to the judge. “Why do we need this science lesson, here, today, right now, Your Honor? I do not think so. And I didn’t like the topic of science, so I became a lawyer in law school instead,” she laughs alone.
“What’s the judge doing about my reward of fatherhood from Flamingo?” Jeranda stands from the beach seat and swiftly stands beside Litisha frowning with worry at the back spine on Breck, who stands and smiles like a prince of royalty.
Litisha huffs out her sour breath and crosses her arms, “Judge Julia is bored with the current court performance. She’s playing her own mind game and humoring the high schooler. Don’t worry! I’m not worried but annoyed with Judge Julia,” Litisha fakes a smile and whispers to Jeranda. “His genetics information is irrelevant to your paternal case and the clearing of Flamingo as the baby’s true father. You will win it all, girlfriend!” She and Jeranda softly giggle with the upcoming victory.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia looks up and frowns at the prosecution team. “Be quiet and sit down, Litisha! I am learning here.” She views Breck with a smile, “Please continue, Breck!”
Litisha and Jeranda sit down in silence and listen to the conversation without interrupting.
On top of the court room floor, Breck nods with a smile at the judge then swings around facing the audience. “Yes ma’am! A widow’s peak is a dominate gene trait over a straight hairline, where thirty-five percent of people in the world possess the inherited trait coming from one parent or both parents. And I found that information on the internet too. A cleft chin exists in five percent of the world’s population. The ability to roll the tongue appears in eighty percent within the people population. The arc of the hitchhiker’s thumb is displayed on twenty-five percent of all peoples. And finally, the presentation of a longer second toe to the other four toe bones on both of the naked feet is displayed with thirty percent of the world’s population.” Every teen removes their shoe or looks down at their open sandals, viewing their second toe.
Within the audience of teens, a male voice shouts out loud. “That’s me!”
Within the same audience of teens, a female voice screams out loud. “That’s not me!”
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia nods with a smile. “That’s an excellent presentation in genetics, Breck. I can’t wait to return back into my office, take off my shoes, and check my second toe,” she chuckles with amusement at the science lesson from the smart senior student.
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha taps her fingers on top of the wooden surface. “Your Honor, are you going to rule on the paternity suit right now? The time is nearly noon for my lunch meal. I’m hungry for my delicious meal.”
Julia nods to Breck. “Hold your pretend horses, Litisha! What else do you say about the topic of genetics, Breck?”
Breck spins around and nods to Julia waving a sheet of paper near his smile. “I have one more thing about the study of genetics. This piece of paper states that the baby possesses a set of dry earwax. For a human, earwax presentation comes in two favors, wet or dry. Stick your finger into her eardrum, Your Honor,” he sticks his index finger into his eardrum sounding with a low grunt. Flamingo, Cinco, and each audience member copies Breck’s movement while feeling confused and curious. Breck wiggles his finger and grunts with the movement, staring at Flamingo. “I’m doing the same procedure with Flamingo also.” He pulls out his index finger and frowns with disgust at the colorful goo.
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo pulls out his index finger and frowns down with disgust at his colorful goo also. “What’s this?”
In the audience, each teen, adult, police officer, the bailiff, Toluene, Cinco, A.J., Arie, and Julia start to perform an ear wiggle and then remove their single finger pad and then present a frown viewing their colorful earwax. Some of the teens wipe the disgusting substance on each other’s body part for fun and giggles.
On top of the court room floor, Breck waves his dirty finger near his smile, nodding to the judge. “My earwax is wet and appears as a yellow, sticky gooey wax, which is a protein that transports the fatty substance from the internal ear toward the outer ear canal that protects from infection. This protein is one gene that come directly from one parent or both biological parents which also exhibits the dominate trait,” he looks down and smiles at Flamingo’s wet yellow tinted sticky finger pad. “I am staring down at Flamingo’s colorful finger. He exhibits a lump of yellow-colored, sticky earwax, too, which is called wet earwax. I am not surprised here with my simple medical test as he is like me. And he and I are two of three triplets coming from the same zygote.”
He stares at the grayish-brown tinted hair roots on Judge Julia. Julia has participated in the ear wiggle movement and stares down at her earwax with curious. Breck smiles, “However, this piece of paper states that the baby possesses dry earwax, not wet earwax. Dry earwax is light colored and dry, not yellow colored and sticky. The dry earwax is a recessive trait that comes from one parent or both parents. Flamingo is displaying a wet finger like his two triplet brothers that show yellow colored and sticky earwax, not dry and white colored earwax. In this case, the dry earwax must come from the other parent, which is either his mother Jeranda or his unknown other biological father, who is not my exactly identical triple brother Flamingo. Thus, I have proven that my brother Flamingo is not the father of the child, who possesses a set of dry earwax.”
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo gasps in alarm and looks up, smiling at Breck, wiggling his wet finger in the air feeling both shock and happiness.
On the prosecution’s table, Jeranda swiftly stands upright and screams out loud, tossing both her arms in the air shouting in fighting fury. “What!”
Litisha stands upright and jabs her dry finger pad at Breck. She did not participate in the silly earwax wiggle scratching inside her ear canal. She shouts out loud. “This is shitty nonsense, Your Honor. I demand that you rule for my client, before this silly kangaroo court trial turns into a mushy marshmallow patch right now.”
On the judge’s bench, Julia looks up with a gasp and then looks down to see her yellow tinted earwax while she is stunned with the new discovery by the non-licensed Alabama attorney Breck, who is only a high schooler.
The audience of teens, adults, and police officers continue to sit or stand, staring in shock at Breck, softly talking with each other about the new discovery also.
On the defendant’s table, Toluene and Cinco both swiftly stand upright and stare at Flamingo. Cinco dances in place side to side with a happy smile and spins around to see his row of childhood friends nodding with numerous head bobs without perturbing the judge.
On the first row, each person stands upright and stares at Flamingo also while listening to the new conversations.
On the jury box of teens, each teen drops down their individual personal mobile telephone and swiftly stands upright with a smile, staring at Flamingo also.
In the audience, Dr. Hamal swiftly stands upright from edge of the pew seat and calls out loud to the judge, scooting off the row, approaching the court room floor. He totes his medical bag for all emergencies such as this one. “Your Honor, I am a licensed medical physician here in the great State of Alabama. I offer my medical service free of charge here inside your court room. Breck is correct. The ear canal produces earwax. There are two distinct types of earwax, dry or wet. A human pair of ears only produces one type of earwax. I can solve this mystery very swiftly. I can safely swab the child’s outer ear canal for a sample and quickly verify if the child possesses dry earwax.”
“No!” Jeranda stomps her feet behind the prosecution’s table and sneers with fury at the judge and then at Flamingo. “No! I refuse any type of medical test on my baby. My baby is innocent and healthy here. Flamingo is the father. He…he’s faking or lying to everyone here in the court room. Litisha, tell them!” She crosses her arms and wears a sour frown staring at Flamingo. He has made a deal with the judge which has caused this trouble for Jeranda.
Litisha looks down and searches through the stack of genetics papers, looking for the earwax report, experiencing deep worry. She had not bothered to read each genetic report when the information had never been used in a court to law for any previous reasons. The field of genetics and genetic testing is new and used by family members more for a simple civil or complex criminal case.
From the aisle and through the flap door, Hamal enters the court floor rummaging inside his medical bag, then stops, and stands beside Breck, staring at Judge Julia. He lifts and explains the single item, “This is a simple cotton swab. I will insert the cotton swab into the outer part of the baby’s ear and then swab the flesh, without harm, such like, where each one stuck a finger pad into their ear canal for fun. The simple medical procedure will not harm the baby. Then, we will have the true answer. A genetic test is very accurate by today’s medical standards. I do believe in the final laboratory results coming from the produced genetics report also. However, I can verify that Flamingo, like his two brothers, possess wet earwax. It is impossible for a human to produce a different type of earwax, since their birth. What do you want me to do, Your Honor?”
“No! No! No! Do not touch my baby! I’ll kill you, if you come near my baby. Do not touch my baby!” Jeranda screams out loud and shakes her entire body in place feeling angry, hate, revenge, worry, fear, terror and horror.
Each audience member wobbles side to side and mumbles with hot lip gossip to their buddy and as each pair of eyeballs watches Jeranda and the action inside the court room floor feeling teenly intrigue.
On top of the defendant’s table, Cinco spins around and sneers at Jeranda for that ugly comment. No one is going to harm her or her baby. He wants the judge to declare a mistrial or something that will get Flamingo outta of this baby situation. Then, Cinco can go home, eat lunch, and spend the day with his girl Babbie. They can go into the wilderness and act like Adam and Eve for the rest of the nice sunny afternoon.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia wipes her dirty finger on her robe silk and looks up with a stern face to see Jeranda. “Jeranda, you have a choice here. The licensed medical physician can swab the baby’s outer ear canal and verify his dry earwax. Or he can swab your outer ear canal and verify your dry earwax. I understand medical science too. The genetics test had been administrated to the baby. The baby possesses dry earwax. The dry earwax trait comes from one parent or both parents. Breck has provided an excellent medical demonstration that he and his two other triplet brothers possess wet earwax. Wet earwax is yellow colored and sticky, which I possess too. Flamingo does not possess dry earwax. Thus, the baby did not receive the dry earwax trait from Flamingo. But, maybe, the baby received the dry earwax trait from you, Jeranda. The medical physician can swab your outer ear canal without harm, since you are highly opposed to anyone touching your healthy child. I understand the motherly feeling as I am a mother also.”
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha looks up and nods with a grin to Judge Julia, “Yes. Yes. Yes. That’s correct, Your Honor. You are so correct. Jeranda’s eardrums possess the dry earwax recessive gene going down to her baby. Her motherly trait has been passed down to her baby, only. Once that is proven, will you please rule for my client that Flamingo still is the father?”
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo stands upright from the chair and gasps in alarm. Breck had been brilliant finding the unique inherited gene that didn’t belong to him or his two brothers. Now, one parent only needs to possess the gene, which is passed down to the baby, which might be the mother Jeranda. Then, Flamingo will be rewarded as the father of the child, unless he takes a paternity test, which he will die, before that happens.
On top of the court room floor, Breck spins around with a gasp and stares with worry at Jeranda. He had not fathomed that the mother of the child could be the other parent that possessed the inherited trait trailing down to her biological baby son. Then Flamingo would for certain be awarded the title of father of the baby.
Next to Breck, medical physician Hamal spins around and holding a single cotton swab near his jawline while staring at Jeranda in silence.
On the prosecution’s table, Jeranda sobs with tears and screams out loud to Hamal. “No! No! No! I refuse the test. I refuse to participate in this silly game. What’s going on here?” She points at Flamingo. “Flamingo, he’s the father of my baby. Why doesn’t anyone believe me?”
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia exhales with worry and wears a stern face, staring at Litisha and then Jeranda. “Jeranda, you have a choice here. Here, in my court room setting, the medical physician can swab your outer ear canal for your personal type of earwax and verify dry earwax. Or in the office of your personal medical physician, he or she can swab your outer ear canal for your personal type of earwax and verify dry earwax. Right now, I am halting the court trial…”
“No! No! No!” Jeranda tosses both of her arms in the air and shakes her body, slapping her arms back down her white pants, shouting out loud. She sobs with tears of worry and fury. “You can’t do that. This court trial proves that Flamingo is the father of my baby. Why are you all against me?” She crosses her arms and hugs her body while sobbing with tears of shame and worry.
Julia nods with a stern face to Jeranda. “No one is against you. Everyone wants to find out the truth, Jeranda. I am halting this paternity court trial right now. I am not making any judge or judgment decision about the father of your baby right now. What is your decision, Jeranda? I am waiting for an answer.”
Next to her daughter Jeranda, Ferdome stands upright from the shared bench seat and wipes off her rolling tears, reaching down and then picks up the baby from the stroller bed. She gently cuddles the sleeping baby and sobs with worry about her family in silence.
On the first row of seats, Arie shuffles away from A.J., stops, and stands in front of the revolving flap door without entering the court room floor getting a better view of the upcoming action. She stares and sobs with her own set of tears for both the baby and the mother Jeranda also.
On the prosecution’s table, Litisha shuffles through the loose papers and finds the genetic report which details the DNA testing on Jeranda, staring at the final test result. Jeranda had read about the genetic testing and insisted that her and her baby freely participate in the testing proving Flamingo was the father of her child. Of course, the current stack of DNA tests only follows Jeranda’s mother or her mtDNA or mitochondrial string. However, the current genetic testing string also analyses the 23 pairs of chromosomes which come from each parent, the mother and the father, as DNA strand is made from genes from each mother and father per biology science and Almighty God. Some of the genetic tests are unique to only the father of the child, in which, only the mother of the child would know for certain.
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo continues to stand and loudly hears his own heart organ trying to thump out from his muscular chest as the court room setting is steely quiet and as each pair of eyeballs only stare upon Jeranda.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia clears her throat and creates a loud noise inside the quiet room, “What is your decision, Jeranda?”
Jeranda continues to stand behind the prosecution table and looks down at the messy papers on top of the wooden table, slowly scooting sideways, wiping off her rolling tears in silence. Litisha gasps in shock and gently collides into Jeranda, swiftly scooting off the bench seat, standing in front of the wooden railing that blocks off the audience section, staring at Jeranda.
Jeranda scoots away from the bench seat and slowly moves ahead looking down at the wooden floor, wiping off her tears.
On top of the court room floor, Breck gasps in worry for Flamingo. Jeranda is volunteering to submit to the simple medical examination with your personal earwax, which means that she does possess the dry earwax trait. Then, the baby is her child and the child of Flamingo. He continues to stare at Jeranda without spinning around to see Flamingo, missing the action of intrigue.
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo wobbles side to side with nervousness and turns to survey the other faces of his family and friends. His mother Arie stands behind the flap door which blocks the entrance into the court room floor, holding her cupped hand over her wide mouth, staring at Jeranda. His lawyer Toluene stands behind the prosecution’s table and holds her cupped hand over her side mouth also, staring at Jeranda too. The prosecuting lawyer Litisha stands in front of the wooden railing and holds her cupped hand over her mouth and stares at Jeranda also.
His brother Cinco stands behind the prosecution’s table and wobbles in place side to side, jabbing his finger at Jeranda, wearing a sour frown. He whispers a set of curse words at the evil teen female for manipulating his brother Flamingo.
His set childhood friends continue to stand and stare at Jeranda feeling intrigue. Doyle continues to hold his phone in front of his face recording the action for the internet show later this afternoon.
His other brother Breck continues to stand in place and watches in silence Jeranda.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia continues to sit and views Jeranda in silence.
Hamal moves ahead with a stern face, stops, and stands away from Breck, posing in the middle of the court room floor for the upcoming simple medical examination.
Jeranda’s mother, Ferdome continues to stand behind the prosecution’s table and cuddles the sleeping baby, sobbing with nervousness for her family.
His enemy and his former-girlfriend, Jeranda stops then stands in front of Hamal dropping her chin down into her chest, wiping the rolling tears from her two wet cheekbones.
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo crosses both of his arms and feels confusion turning to observe again his mother Arie, his attorney Toluene, and the other attorney Litisha. Each woman continues to stand and holds a cupped hand over a wide looking at Jeranda, like a set of triplet sisters. Flamingo finds the sight coming from the three adult women both disturbing and confusing. He turns and studies Jeranda.
Jeranda stands in the middle of floor without movement and stares down at the floor, wiping off her tears of nervousness and worry, such like, she has been sentenced to death with a neck hanging or a skull chop from the chopping block, in which, the American justice does not enforce but might need too.
Flamingo frowns at the unique court room sight.
On top of the court room floor, Hamal leans over with a stern face and extends his hand with the single cotton swab closer to the exposed earlobe on Jeranda. Jeranda does not move or shout, only wipes off her tears of worry. His other hand holds his medical bag.
In front of the wooden railing, beside the prosecution table, Litisha continues to hold her cupped hand over her mouth and lifts up the single sheet of paper, staring down at the genetic test result. She sobs with more sad tears.
Inside eyewitness stand, Flamingo continues to stand and un-crosses both of his arms, slapping each leg while continuously surveying his mother Arie, his lawyer Toluene, and the prosecution lawyer Litisha. Each woman continues to stand still in place and holds a cupped hand over an open wide and now starts to sob with a set of hot rolling tears. He sneers with a whisper for his eardrums only. “What in the fuck is happening here? My mother is crying for the poor whore, instead of her own biological son. My lawyer is crying for the poor whore also, instead of her paid client. The prosecution lawyer is crying for her whore client, instead of winning her court case. That’s it. Litisha is holding a single sheet of paper with the genetic test result that had been performed on her client Jeranda. Breck must have only reviewed the genetic testing results for the baby. I didn’t bother to participate in this silly genetic testing event with my blood protein or my dick sperm or my tongue spit. So, Jeranda stands there like she is the victim here. Hell, I’m the victim here,” he gasps in alarm and whispers in fury. “My ex-girlfriend Jeranda knows. And my mother Arie knows. And my lawyer Toluene knows. And her lawyer Litisha knows now also. Does Judge Julia know?” He turns and looks up studying the nose profile on Julia. She continues to stare with a serious brow at Jeranda. He whispers, “Naw! She looks intrigued to me. And it would be illegal for her to side with Jeranda just to imprison me as a father of a baby. Anyways, if that happens, then I’m hiring my own floor of lawyers and conducting my own investigation into fraud and abuse of my person as a newish father. I hate that word, newish. Grandmother McCory will pay for the floor of lawyers, if I asked here. She’s always been on my side of law and order and blood.” Flamingo turns and scans the audience, locating his biological grandparents.
Reese, Jarvis, and Iredell stand against the rear wall with some other adults seeking a better view of the court floor action. Each one wears a confused brow and stares at Jeranda.
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo continues to stand and exhales with relief, whispering for his eardrums only. “Each one of my grandparents looks both stunned and surprised. Of course, Arie would not ever tattle to them. That’s her secret weapon as a mother of three wild ass sons. And her sister and my aunt Aurora, she is not present here in the court room setting. Thank goodness! That’s one less mama-bitch on my ass.” He gasps in alarm. “Does A.J. know the truth?” Flamingo turns and sneers at A.J.
On the first row of seats, A.J. continues to sit and exhales with a set of deep breathes without experiencing a heart attack.
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo exhales with pity and whispers for his eardrums only. “A.J. knows also, but he is exempted as he is not part of my blood family clan. Anyways, he had told me that he was not involving his person or his penis in the McCory family’s fight. A.J. is a bold, brave and wise man. I wished that I was a wiser teen. But I’m quickly learning too much about my blood relatives. Arie, Toluene, Jeranda, and Ferdome, they all know that Jeranda possesses wet earwax like me and Breck and Cinco and Judge Julia. I had read about earwax and learned that there were two distinct types that night while cramming for my new role as the medical clerk for Dr. Slate. But I’m only a high schooler, not a licensed Alabama medical physician. I’m so pissed off that rows of Pluto’s ice crystals are shaking with my fury throughout the Milky Way Galaxy. My mother Arie worked with my lawyer Toluene and her lawyer Litisha to set my ass up as the father of her baby here inside this fake and false kangaroo courtroom trail in front of my teenly peers. I am not the father of that baby. I fucked the pretty whore with my dick and my dick enjoyed it greatly. But I am very caution and careful as a teen stud with each fuck on every teen girl. I have fucked hundreds of whores and I have never produced a single fetus inside the belly of the beast,” he softly chuckles with a grin. “And, now, I will be damned, if I become a daddy, without the permission of my dick and my heart and my mind. Fuck you, Arie!” He turns and sneers at Jeranda.
On top of the court room floor, Hamal leans over with a stern face and slowly guides a single cotton swab towards the ear canal on Jeranda.
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo slightly wobbles side to side with fury and balls both of his hands into two fighting fists of angry. He can’t wait. He can’t stand being used like a stupid pawn by his mother Arie, his lawyer Toluene, the prosecution lawyer Litisha, and finally his ex-whore girlfriend Jeranda. He shouts out loud for each pair of eardrums. “She possesses wet earwax. I am not the damn father of that shitty ass kid.” He lifts both of his arms in the air waves and shakes his ass-backwards baseball cap over his bone skull, growling at his former girlfriend while feeling both hate and fury. Each pair of eyeballs turns and stares at Flamingo and as each set of lips drop open without a single word.
On top of the court room floor, his ex-whore girlfriend Jeranda looks up with a gasp and sobs with more hot rolling tears, staring at Flamingo in silence.
In front of the flap door, his mother Arie drops her hand and turns staring at Flamingo, sobbing with more hot rolling tears, also, in silence.
On the defendant’s table, his lawyer Toluene drops her hand and turns sneering at Flamingo.
In front of the wooden railing, behind the prosecution’s table, Litisha drops her hand and stares down at the single piece of paper without emotion or staring at Flamingo.
Standing beside Jeranda, Hamal drops his medical bag on top the floor and reaches out holding the skull bone on Jeranda, without harming her internal ear. He gently enters her outer ear canal to finish the medical examination.
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia gasps in alarm and turns to see the nose profile on Flamingo. “How do you know that information, Flamingo?”
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo drops both of his arms and slaps each leg turning with a sneer to view his mother Arie, shouting out loud to Judge Julia. “I just know, Your Honor-ship!”
Standing beside Jeranda, Hamal carefully extracts the earwax substance from her ear canal and withdraws the cotton swab, releasing her bone skull, studying the color on the cotton. He wears a stern face and shouts out loud. “The color is yellow tinted and sticky,” he turns and faces Judge Julia, nodding with a stern face. “Jeranda possesses wet earwax. The baby possesses dry earwax. Thus, Flamingo is not the father of that child. It is impossible for a human to change or modify their individual personalized earwax that has comes directly from one or both biological parents and has been assigned by Almighty God. For additional verification, the baby should be tested by his personal pediatrician, also, Your Honor. But, without that clinical action occurring right now and based on the valid genetics report, Flamingo is not the father of that child.”
Jeranda busts into loud sobs and more rolling heated tears, swiftly spinning around, moving back to the baby stroller. She stops and reaches out grabbing her baby from her mother Ferdome, cuddling her child. Ferdome sobs with tears also and wrings her hand with worry for her family members.
In front of the flap door, his mother Arie gasps in shock and stares at Flamingo in shock.
Her son had refused to take the fatherly paternity test as he was afraid, frightened, and fearful of his personal DNA result. Thus, he was the father of the baby but didn’t want to admit his new fatherly fate. Arie had agreed with his lawyer Toluene and Jeranda’s lawyer Litisha with a teenly court trial to announce that Flamingo was the biological father of Jeranda’s baby and to educate each male and female high school student about risk and danger and responsibility of a teenage pregnancy. The idea held merit and was a good idea at the time, last week.
Now, Arie is completely wrong. Flamingo is not the father of the baby. Her first born triple son Breck somehow had figured out and then presented the new evidence of Flamingo’s innocence within this fake court of law. Breck has the potential to become a great lawyer for the McCory clan.
On the defendant’s table, Toluene sits down and stares down at neat stack of papers on top of the wooden table. She was certain that her client Flamingo was guilty and the father of the baby. Every male, and sometimes, a female is required take a paternity test to learn the ugly truth or the nasty lie. However, Flamingo had refused with a set of exploding fireworks that he would never allow his blood protein or his dick sperm or his tongue spit along with his two identical triplet brothers to succumb for a simple DNA test to prove or un-prove his fatherhood.
Now, Toluene sees the true light. She is completely wrong. Flamingo is not the father of that baby. Now, Flamingo is eighteen years old and can vote in the next election for the United States of America president and can hire his own lawyer. He cannot also draw a lawsuit and sue Toluene for civil injustice as minor teenager in a high school environment.
Toluene turns and sneers at Arie, who also has participated in her son’s fake and phony court trial. If Flamingo tries to sue and ruin Toluene’s law practice or her legal reputation, then Toluene will involve his mother Arie in a court of law or the arbitration process to save her own ass too.
Behind the defendant’s table, Cinco dances sides to side in place with a smile and sounds with a series of claps, hoots, and laughter with victory for Flamingo, scooting over, violently colliding into the sitting body on Toluene. He growls. “Move off the fucking bench, bitch! I wanna go and hug my brother Flamingo, who is not the father of that damn baby boy, who needs to change his name. Maybe, you can do that for Flamingo, since you fuckingly did nothing else, before the new discovery of DNA evidence by my other brilliant triple brother Breck.” Toluene spins around and growls at the leg on Cinco. Cinco does not relent and slams his hand into her skull, sneering with fury. “Get moving, bitch! Before, I move your ass off that bench and down onto the floor for my teenly fun.”
She growls. “You’re an asshole, Cinco.”
He laughs, “Damn straight and proud of it too!” Toluene scoots off the bench and stands upright, scooting into the wooden railing while sneering at the spoiled teenager. Cinco moves off the bench and turns with a gasp to view his mother Arie. Arie continues to stand in front of the flap door and sobs with her tears. Cinco extends his arms and smiles at his mother. “We won, Mama. Flamingo won, Mama. Breck did it. He did something.” He frowns. “Mama, what’s wrong? Why are you crying? Why are you not happy for Flamingo? He won his paternity case. Well, he wasn’t the damn father of that shitty child just like he told and repeated to everyone on Planet Earth and all of the angels in heaven. He is right, thou. So, I guess there really wasn’t a paternity case here. It was really fake or false or phony or something. O! You’re crying with tears of joy. Only a girl does that kind of silly stuff. Me, I’m happy for Flamingo. Mama, are you happy for your son Flamingo too?”
A.J. stands and swiftly shuffles through the crowd of teens stopping beside Arie, hugging her body. He stares at Cinco and wears a stern face of worry in silence.
Cinco turns and smiles at A.J. “Hey, A.J.! Did you see and hear? We won the paternity case. Well, Flamingo won. He ain’t the father of that bratty baby, like he shouted out loud, so many times. Now, we’re all happy and together again.”
He exhales with worry and stares at the wet cheekbone on Arie, saying softly, “Yeah, Cinco!”
On top of the judge’s bench, Julia nods with a smile to the medical physician. “Thank you for your immediate doctoring service, Dr. Hamal. You are free to leave. And please bill my justice office, if you care too.” Hamal shakes his head with a smile back to the judge. She nods to the physician and turns, looking down at the nasty ass-backwards baseball cap on Flamingo, shouting out loud with a smile to the audience members. “Now, I toss out the paternity suit against eighteen-year-old Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth. Flamingo is not the father of the child.” She returns back and views the commotion among the audience members, slapping her gavel on top of the polished wood, shouting with a grin, “I do declare and dismiss the entire court gallery of lawyers, clients, and teens. Good day to all! Now, every person, go and get outta of my court room, right now. Bailiff, please stay and ensure that every person leaves my court room setting,” she stands with a smile and turns, moving down the short steps following the forward wall and exhales with relief. She whispers for her eardrums, only, “What a morning! I’m happy that boy is not the father of that child. But I don’t know what consequences will come from the new discovery and my not guilty verdict for both teens. A teenage pregnant is hard on everyone without a father figure around to control the baby and the mother of the child.” The bailiff opens the side door for the judge. She exits the court room setting and disappears into her judge’s chamber readying to end her work day.
The bailiff closes the side door and stands guard watching the loud commotion inside the court room setting for trouble. In the audience section, each teen bounces up and down sounding with a loud set of cheers, hoots, claps, and whistles for their school mate Flamingo.
Sheriff Tommy Lee and his four deputies surround the closed entrance door and reach over, opening the double doors, starting to guide each teen out of the court room setting toward a nicely parked row of yellow tinted school bus for safety purposes. The three high school teachers and Principal Marshall slowly shuffle through the heavy crowd of rowdy teens and gently shoves each teen through the open archway for a school bus ride back to the high school campus. The school session has ended for the day. All students will receive the academic letter of A on each Alabama State required high school final examination ending the school year.
In front of the wooden railing, beside the prosecution’s table, Litisha slides away from the rude teens that continue to hit her back spine and sits down on top of the shared bench seat, staring down at the damaging genetics report. The report shows Jeranda possesses wet earwax. Litisha starts to sob with rolls of her own heated rolling tears. She based her court victory on a set of the fake words coming from the ex-whore girlfriend of Flamingo McCory. She should have known better than to fight against a McCory. Their famous clan founded the Lacy Springs town-ship centuries ago. And the McCory clan always wins their legal battles involving farm employees, land property and farm crops for decades.
Now, Litisha has lost the court trial and her own cash money that had been used to help Jeranda and all of the expensive legal fees. And the McCory family can use her ass for false charges tomorrow.
In the middle of an empty court room floor, Hamal leans down and collects his medical bag, spinning around, moving ahead with a smile. He continues to hold the dirty, wet yellow tinted cotton swab with one hand and stops standing in front of Breck. “Breck, you performed an excellent service for Flamingo and accomplished an excellent job as the pseudo-lawyer in the court trial. Do you wanna keep the winning physical courtroom evidence?” He wiggles the legal evidence and laughs with an evil tone.
Breck shakes his skull and states with a grin. “No sir! Thank you, sir! You can give that to Flamingo’s lawyer, thou. She never believed him, anyways.”
Hamal frowns with confusion. “That’s a very strange attitude for an attorney. Usually, if a lawyer does not believe her client, then she never tells anyone that secret, which will ruin her reputation and deplete a set of paying clients.”
Inside the witness stand, Flamingo continues to stand in angry and snorts out loud in fury, balling both of his hands into a pair of fighting fists in revenge, scooting out from the hard chair. He slowly dashes ahead and stares with a sour frown at his mother Arie, slamming into the individual rib cage on both his brother Breck and his personal physician Hamal, at the same time. Flamingo continues to plow ahead through the two tall warm bodies and forges ahead in revenge and fury towards his mother Arie.
Hamal quickly backsteps from the body collision with Flamingo and laughs out loud with good humor, turning to see the back spine on Flamingo. “Excuse me, Flamingo!”
Breck shuffles backwards with a loud gasp and then halts, turning to sneer at the back spine on Flamingo. “What’s your probe here, bro! You won the court case, Flamingo. Why are you all mad and angry at me? Hey, Flamingo!” He slaps his chest and states with a smile. “I did it. I was the one here. I found the DNA evidence like a real lawyer that saved your ass. Else you would be changing a set of shitty diapers on your infant son right now,” he moves ahead with a smile and slowly follows the back spine on Flamingo laughing out loud, “Hey, Flamingo! What dog tick is up your asshole, bro?”
Flamingo dashes ahead with a sneer and reaches out with his hand shoving Cinco away from the flap door and then stops, standing with a snarl in front of his mother Arie.
Cinco steps backwards with a gasp and then collides into an upright Toluene, who is trying to leave the court room setting. Toluene stumbles backwards and then halts her movement, standing beside the defendant’s table again. The table is clean after collecting her stack of legal papers.
Cinco halts in front of Toluene and laughs out loud, pointing down at the floor. “Hey! Watch it, dude! I was standing right there, Flamingo. But you can have my spot, since you’re my brother.” He spins around and smiles at the person who hit with his ass. “I’m sorry!” He sees and sneers at Toluene. “O! I’m not sorry. Get your tiny ass outta of my way, before I bleed it with your blood for not helping my brother win this paternity suit.”
Toluene gasps in shock and holds her phone looking up and frowns with angry. “Get your brother and mother away from the revolving flap door, kid. Then I’ll gladly leave and get away from you and yours, ya rude little cockroach.” She continues to sneer and snarls at the taller teen.
At the flap door position, which blocks the audience members from entering the court room floor, Flamingo reaches down and grabs the swinging door blocking body travel while sneering Arie. “You knew!” Arie continues to stand and gasps in shock, slamming both of her palms over her parted lips, sobbing with her rolling heated tears, feeling both fright and worry. She stares in silence at Flamingo. He shoves the flap door enough scooting around the door, entering the audience section, still sneering like a fighting alley cat.
A.J. protectively cuddles Arie and quickly backsteps away from Flamingo but not far enough into the overcrowded wall of rowdy teens while snarling like an alley cat at her son, who acts like he’s going to harm his biological mother.
Inside the court room floor, Breck still approaches and hears the angry words coming from the nasty mouth on Flamingo and sees his frightened mother, swiftly charging ahead with a loud gasp, reaching out to grab the wavering arm on Flamingo. He shouts out loud with furious worry. “What in the fuck is this, Flamingo? Mama doesn’t know nothing. I found the evidence that saved your ass. You get away from our mama and calm down your fighting redneck fury. You act like an asshole all the time. Mama tolerates your fucking asshole behavior, but I don’t here or there or anymore, Flamingo. Get away from my mama, asshole!”
Cinco spins around from Toluene sounding with a gasp of worry, seeing an angry Flamingo. He shares the same brotherly angry feelings about Arie’s safety. Yes, Aire had sided with the ex-whore Jeranda, instead her own biological son, who was right about the baby’s true father. But Cinco would ever, never harm his mother for anything. However, Flamingo does not seem to share that loving feeling with his mother at the moment. Flamingo stands against the flap door without moving the item. Cinco can’t dash ahead to Flamingo but reaches out with his hand, trying to grab Flamingo’s bicep, stopping any violence act on his mother or A.J.
Inside the audience section, Flamingo steps ahead as the flap door closes shut and then locks all the people inside the court room floor for escaping into the audience section.
Breck rushes ahead and accidentally collides into the extended arm on Cinco. Cinco instinctively wraps his entire body around an upright moving Breck for self-defense. They both swiftly twirl in a completed circle over the floor then tumble down landing on top of the hard floor, sounding with a set of heavy grunts. Toluene stands beside the naked wooden table and laughs out loud pointing down at the one lump with two grounded teens.
Behind the stationary flap door, Flamingo stands in front of a cuddled A.J. and Arie, leaning down, sneering into a tear-stained, red colored, worried face on his mother. “You knew! You almost destroyed my fucking life. I hate you, Arie. I never want to see you again in my life. I’m eighteen years old and starting my new life, without you. Fuck off, Arie!” He swiftly stands upright and then elegantly performs a completed twirl away from Arie’s body facing a wall of teens. The teens scream into his face and slap his collar bone celebrating his victorious day. He loudly growls and forcefully shoves each teen away for his sneer and his footpath swiftly exiting the court room, moving through the lobby. He feels only anger, fury, and betrayal. He views the sunlight leaving the building for his sports car.
Inside the court room setting, in the audience section, each teen, adult, and police officer stands in place and stares in shock at the back spine on Flamingo, without another spoken word or a soft grunt or single movement ahead towards the open archway.
In front of the flap door, Arie tosses her arm above her hair roots within the cuddle with A.J., shouting out loud with worry. “Flamingo, I’m sorry. I was wrong. Please come back! Flamingo, please come back! Let me explain! I love you, Flamingo! Please…”
A.J. continues to hug Arie and whispers into her eardrum. “No, Arie! I’ll go and talk to Flamingo later this afternoon. Let’s let him be!”
Behind the flap door, Breck swiftly untangles his arms and legs from his brother Cinco, quickly standing upright, dashing into the locked flap door and curses out loud. He leans down and opens the half-door moving ahead, stops, and stands in front of A.J. and Arie. He stares through an open archway without seeing Flamingo, viewing other guests to the court house. However, no other person dares to leave the overcrowded court room setting for fear of Flamingo’s wrath or the intrigue with Arie’s words. Breck exhales with frustration at the entire baby situation. “Let him go, Mama! Flamingo needs to calm down his angry heart and his active mind. He’ll be back just like a skin rash,” he laughs with some of the bolder teens.
Cinco swiftly stands upright from the floor and sounds with a loud grunt quickly moving through the flap door and then stops standing beside Breck. He smiles down at his mother. “I’m go and get him, Mama. You stay here with A.J. Come on, Breck! Let’s go and get our angry brother triplet. Then, we get to beat the shit outta of his ass, before our mama.” he laughs with Breck and some of the bolder teens.
Breck exhales with annoyance and nods with a stern face. “I’ll go and get him, Mama! Flamingo is stubborn. I saved his ass from a terrible shotgun marriage. So, I’ll go and get him, Mama!"
Cinco frowns and shakes his curls of blonde locks. “No, Breck! No one chases down Flamingo. No one believed his story but me. No! Stay away from Flamingo right now! He needs some breathing relaxation time.”
A.J. slowly spins Arie around and nods at the open archway as the other teens slowly and quietly leave the court room setting. He says, “I agree with Cinco, Arie. No one believed Flamingo and his story, but Cinco. He does not wanna talk to anyone right now.”
Beside A.J., Arie reaches down and slams each pocket on her faded pair of blue jeans sounding with a sigh. “I don’t have my car keys. I didn’t drive to the court house. Give me your car keys, A.J.”
A.J. releases Arie and then back steps shaking his skull, saying with worry. “No, Arie! Let Flamingo calm down first. He’ll return back home, all happy and chatty, later in the evening, after counting his blessings and his good bro,” he turns and winks to Breck. Breck laughs.
She exhales with worry and wipes off the tears of pain off her wet face. “No! Flamingo’s mad at me. He’s not coming back home to me. I must chase him down, before he leaves my life. Gimme your car keys!”
He smiles. “Here ya go!”
Arie reaches up and grabs the car keys, without saying a word, swiftly dancing around a crowded pathway of slow-moving teens, exiting the court room setting. She feels worry and fear for her middle child. She should have believed him. Flamingo was right about the baby. He was not the father.
However, he had refused the paternity test, which was a sign of guilty, no innocence.
She runs ahead through the lobby and searches for Flamingo, sobbing with worry, seeing a wall of teardrops in her two eyeballs. She trips over her boots in panic and then straightens upright sounding with a deep sigh of more worry, softly whispering for her eardrums only. “I’m sorry, Flamingo. I should have believed you. You’re my son. The baby is not my grandson. You’re my baby boy. I’m so sorry, Flamingo. Please, please, be here in the building. Please, please, come back to me, Flamingo! Flamingo!”
Inside the court room setting, Iredell scoots ahead through the wall of teens, stops, and stands behind the flap door, leaning into the cheekbone on Cinco. “Cinco, you go and talk to Flamingo, please, right now. Flamingo is outside waiting and watching for brotherly love.”
Cinco turns and frowns at his Grandmother Iredell. “Talk about what, Grandmother? Every family member turned their back on Flamingo. Every family member wanted Flamingo to spill his precious blood for that damn paternity test that was going to be rejected or wrong. Flamingo knew in his heart and then he extended his same heart to all of his family members too. Shit! I'm mad at my own family too! Fuck it! Ya’ll all failed me and Flamingo too. Let’s go, Babbie! I wanna leave this fucking place. Let’s go to your house and eat some lunch, honey!” He scoots ahead then cuddles Babbie. They slowly halt within the crowd of teens while hearing the shout words coming from each high school teachers, without reaching the exit doors.

At 12:04 p.m., in the heated day with bright sunshine, Flamingo swiftly dashes away from the Lacy Springs court house building, softly cursing an ugly string of cuss words that will make his fictional idol Thomas Edison Sawyer, the third stand up and salute. Then he stops and stands beside his personal red-tinted sports car. The door is unlocked. He opens the door and slides down into the heated leather seat, feeling the sweat balls of water on his forehead and his arms then loudly curse again. He cranks the cold engine for a few seconds then gently works the clutch and gasoline pedal carefully maneuvering away from the rows of parked vehicles that face a row of tall shade trees, which are over two hundred years old. He turns and moves onto the main roadway pressing down the gasoline pedal, steering the gears swiftly over an empty roadway.
Some of the citizens, with the Lacy Springs city limits, are stationed at their personal residential homestead watching television, cleaning their house, or watching their young children. The other adult citizens are at a working job somewhere inside Lacy Springs or metro Huntsville businesses. The school age children are located in the elementary or junior buildings while the entire class of high school students is still located inside the court house setting along with his mother and his two brothers.
Flamingo disappears from the parking lot without looking back and flies down the familiar county road passing illegally in the wrong lane at each slow-moving vehicle, such like, a farmer’s truck or a crop’s tractor. He drives at eighty miles-per-hour.
On top of the console dashboard, his personal mobile telephone sings with an ancient rock and rock song.
The musical song entitled Long Cool Woman in a Black Dress was released from the studio album called Distant Light, on April 17, 1972, by the British musical rock and roll band named The Hollies. The musical producer was all the band members as the usual producer Ron Richards was sick. The musical song was written by Allan Clarke, Roger Cook, and Roger Greenaway. The musical band members included Allan Clarke (vocals, lead guitar); Tony Hicks (guitar); Terry Sylvester (guitar); Bernie Calvert (bass guitar), and Bobby Elliott (drums).


Saturday night, I was downtown
Working for the F.B.I.
Sitting in a nest of bad men
Whiskey bottles piling high
Bootlegging boozer on the west side
Full of people, who are doing wrong
Just about to call up the D.A. man
When I heard this woman singing a song
A pair of forty-fives made me open my eyes
My temperature started to rise

She was a long cool woman in a black dress
Just a five, nine beautiful tall
With just one look I was a bad mess
Cause, that long cool woman had it all

I saw her heading to the table
Well, a tall walking big black cat
When Charlie said, I hope that you’re able, boy!
Well, I’m telling you, she knows where it’s at
Well, then suddenly, we heard the sirens
And everybody started to run
Jumping under doors and tables
Well, I heard somebody shooting a gun
Well, the D.A. was pumping my left hand
And she was a-holding my right
Well, I told her, “Don’t get scared!
Cause, you’re gonna be spared.”
Well, I’m gonna be forgiven
If I wanna spend my living
With a long cool woman in a black dress
Just a five, nine beautiful tall
With just one look I was a bad mess

Cause, that long cool woman had it all
Had it all! Had it all! Had it all!


Inside the interior of the sports car, Flamingo sneers in fury and rolls down the driver’s side glass window, reaching down, whipping the mobile telephone near his jaw line while laughing with an evil tone. He tosses his phone through the open window. The mobile telephone continues to ring and lands down into the deep dirt ditch which is filled with tall green tinted weeds and dark colored muddy water.
He continues to drive swiftly down the wrong side of the lane laughing with his victory, “Freedom! I’m free. You know, sometimes, I do believe that some people are too fuckingly attached to their mobile telephone. Well, I’m not. I’m free, free, free, free…” he laughs again.
Flamingo wishes that Tommy Lee would stop his sports car and give him a speeding ticket. His mother would have to pay the speeding ticket, of course, and then the significant monetary increase on the car insurance premium for his reckless driving person. Right now, Flamingo does not give a shit.
But then, he can talk to someone else besides a brother or a stepfather or a grandparent. He does not want to see or hear or listen or mouth spit or curse out any of his blood-kin relatives right now, maybe never.
“I don’t give a shit like my un-hero Rhett Butler. I didn’t enjoy either that movie or that matching novel entitled, Gone with the Wind. That teacup was not filled with whiskey, but sweet dessert wine.”
He continues to drive on the wrong side of the roadway lane and as his eyeballs stares in the far distance using his set of perfect twenty/fifteen vision. He slides the sports car back into the correct driving lane and then slams on the brake pads turning into the local money bank building. Whatever direction he heads into, Flamingo needs a pocket of cash money.
He pulls into an empty parking spot and kills the engine, opening the door, sliding out from the driver’s seat. He stands upright and shivers from the terrible event at the local courthouse. Maybe, he should driver further down the roadway and stop at one of the other local branch banks. At the teller window, no one will recognize his face. Here within the small cow town of Lacy Springs, every child, teen, young, mature, and old adult knows Flamingo.
His mother Arie is one of the largest employers within the state, much less in the small town.
He exhales with another sour breath, strolls ahead toward the bank machine, and then stops, pulling out the restricted machine limit of three hundred dollars from the exterior bank machine. His credit card will allow a purchase of five hundred dollars only.
In hindsight, Flamingo should have signed for a new bank card, after receiving his inheritance. He had not anticipated a tick with his mother over a stupid baby, that didn’t belong to his DNA genes.
He pockets the cash but greatly desires more money for some reason. Within his mental mind, he might be staying away from the small cow town of Lacy Springs for a couple of days or the rest of the week or the rest of the month or the rest of his life.
His first day of college classes will start on June, the first. His person is registered to begin each course which has been paid by his college academic scholarships, where he has achieved by his person, not by his mother’s purse. Flamingo will be present there, sitting in the first seat on the front row.
“Fuck them all!” He whispers for his eardrums only and back steps from the exterior bank machine. He needs more money for his new adventure road trip without his two brothers and his mother. He scoots sideways and reaches out, pulling open the glass door on the bank building moving into the lobby, hearing the new soft rock musical song.
The musical song entitled Piano Man was released on November 2, 1973 and performed by the American soft rock musical artist and songwriter Billy Joel.


It’s nine o’clock on a Saturday
Regular crowd shuffles in

There’s an old man sitting next to me
Making love to his tonic and gin
He says, “Son, can you play me a memory?”
I’m not really sure how it goes
But it’s sad and it’s sweet and I knew it complete
When I wore a younger man’s clothes

La-la-la de-de da
La-la de-de da da-da
Sing us a song you’re the piano man
Sing us a song tonight

Well, we’re all in the mood for a melody
And you’ve got us feeling all right
Now, John, at the bar, is a friend of mine
He gets me my drinks for free
And he’s quick with a joke or to light up your smoke
But there’s someplace that he’d rather be
He says. “Bill, I believe this is killing me.”
As a smile ran away from his face
Well, I’m sure that I could be a movie star
If I could get out of this place

O! La-la-la de-de da
La-la de-de da da-da
Now, Paul is a real estate novelist
Who never had time for a wife?
And he’s talking with Davy, who’s still in the navy
And probably will be for life
And the waitress is practicing politics
As the businessmen slowly get stoned
Yes, they’re sharing a drink, they call loneliness
But it’s better than drinking alone
Sing us the song you're the piano man
Sing us a song tonight
Well, we’re all in the mood for a melody
And you’ve got us feeling all right

It’s a pretty good crowd for a Saturday
And the manager gives me a smile
Cause, he knows that it’s me they’ve been coming to see
To forget about life for a while
And the piano it sounds like a carnival
And the microphone smells like a beer
And they sit at the bar and put bread in my jar
And say, “Man, what are you doing here?”

O! La-la-la de-de da
La-la de-de da da-da

Sing us the song, you’re the piano man
Sing us a song tonight
Well, we’re all in the mood for a melody
And you've got us feeling all right


The lobby space, inside the bank, always contains numerous hand drawings on the wall which show the history of the town and each advertisement for every bank service. This lobby room always feels ice cold fridge temperatures on his teenly body. I guess the cold atmosphere is needed to deal with a bitch, like his mother, who houses billions of dollars here.
Flamingo struts around the black colored rope and then stops, standing in line, waiting his turn at the bank teller booth.
The next available bank teller is an older female with a wrinkled skin and a brown tinted bun on the back of her neck motioning to Flamingo in silence.
He slowly moves ahead and stops in front a very tall bullet proof plastic mounting wall that prevents a bank robbery from robbing the bank teller, pointing a hand gun in her face, and then killing the nice American worker.
He slips out the driver’s license and his bank money card presenting a nice smile of respect, sliding the two items over the flat smooth gray and black marble counter. “Good afternoon! I would like to retrieve more cash money from my personal bank account. I have already pulled out three hundred dollars from the exterior money bank outside in the heated day. However, my daily limit is one thousand dollars. May I have seven hundred dollars in cash please?”
The bank teller accepts the two items and inspects the name, typing on the bank account number. She stares with a smile at the computer screen and returns back to see Flamingo wearing a stern face. “One moment please!” She back steps from her bank teller station and then side steps, running into the branch manager.
The bank teller and the bank manager, both employees gently bump each other’s forehead and examines the two items together.
At the bank counter, Flamingo stands with a stern face and then shivers with worry. His mother Arie might have cut off his access to his personal bank account here. He continues to stare at the black hair on the male bank manager and whispers for his eardrums only. “No. That can’t be right. The bank account is in my name. At the age of eighteen years old, my bank account became my own money, without Arie.” Flamingo continues to stand and slightly sway back and forth with impatience.
The bank teller and the bank manager continue to bump heads and examine the two items. One of the other bank tellers completes the bank transaction with her bank client and then back steps, standing by her co-workers, looking down at the driver’s license, returning back to see Flamingo. She smiles at the teen.
In front of the bank counter and protective mounting screen, Flamingo stills with a soft gasp. He understands the issue.
The two bank tellers and the bank manager recognize his name, but not his young face. So, they have also heard the shitty gossip about Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth. Flamingo has fathered an infant baby and then refuses to marry the bitch-mother without accepting the fatherhood.
Flamingo wants to shout out loud with a string of curse words but bites his tongue, staring at the row of curious bank employees.
The new gossip is starting to hit the city streets right now. The judge has found Flamingo innocent of all false charges of fatherhood. Cunt-bitch Jeranda and her stupid female attorney are probably still inside the court room setting arguing with the judge. The baby has been fathered by another male, not Flamingo.
In front of the black tinted fake wooden tall bank counter, Flamingo sways back and forth with a great big smile of innocence.
The branch manager whispers something into the eardrum of the bank teller. The bank teller nods and then moves away from the branch manager, returning back to her assigned teller station, placing the two personal items from Flamingo back on top of the bank counter. “Mr. McCory, the fourth, how are you doing, this morning?”
Flamingo is not mad about the personal question. Now days, each bank institution and each bank teller annoy the crap out of your personal butt-hole with too much kindness, drumming up more bank business that equals profits for the bank institution.
He smiles, “Fine.”
“How is your day going, Mr. McCory, the fourth?”
He stands with a fake smile and grinds his teeth with his internal mental thought. The bank teller has not received the latest gossip news coming out from the courtroom at noon. The hot juicy news should be hitting the street right now.
He smiles and repeats, “Fine!”
She smiles. “How would you like the seven hundred dollars in cash distributed, Mr. McCory, the fourth?”
“I would like two one-hundred dollar bills, four fifty-dollar bills and the rest in twenty dollar denominations, please.”
“Of course, Mr. McCory, the fourth,” she slowly counts out the money in cash and then double counts to be certain that she is not cheating the customer or her money drawer. She places the money into a tiny paper slot and then hands to Flamingo saying with a bright smile. “Thank you for letting me wait on your banking needs today. Please come back and engage in any type of bank service as we are proud and pleased to have you as a customer, Mr. McCory, the fourth.”
He accepts the money with a nod, “Yeah!”
Flamingo back steps and spins around, moving ahead toward the glass door, exiting the bank. He enters his sports car and cranks up the car’s music player listening to an ancient rock and roll musical song.
The musical song Life in the Fast Lane was released on May 3rd, in the year 1977, by the American rock and roll musical band named Eagles. The band members formed in the year 1971, in the city of Los Angeles at the home of American musical artist Linda Ronstadt. 
The band musicians included Glenn Lewis Frey (guitars, vocals); Donald Hugh Henley (drums, vocals); Bernie Leadon (guitars, vocals) and Randy Meisner (bass guitar, vocals).
The singers and songwriters were Donald Hugh Henley; Glenn Lewis Frey and Joseph Fidler Walsh. The musical band played Rock, Country Rock, Soft Rock and Folk Rock sounds.


He was a hard-headed man
He was brutally handsome, and she was terminally pretty
She held him up, and he held her for ransom
In the heart of the cold, cold city

He had a nasty reputation as a cruel dude
They said he was ruthless, they said he was crude
They had one thing in common
They were good in bed, she'd say
“Faster, faster, the lights are turning red.”

Surely make you lose your mind
(Life in the fast lane) yeah

Are you with me so far?

Eager for action and hot for the game
The coming attraction, the drop of a name
They knew all the right people, they took all the right pills
They threw outrageous parties, they paid heavenly bills

There were lines on the mirror, lines on her face
She pretended not to notice; she was caught up in the race
Out every evening, until it was light
He was too tired to make it, she was too tired to fight about it

Surely make you lose your mind
(Life in the fast lane) yeah
(Life in the fast lane) everything, all the time
(Life in the fast lane) a-ha

Blowing and burning, blinded by thirst
They didn’t see the stop sign, took a turn for the worse
She said, “Listen, baby! You can hear the engine ring.”
“We’ve been up and down this highway, haven’t seen a goddamn thing.”

He said, “Call the doctor! I think, I'm gonna crash.”
“The doctor say, he’s coming, but you gotta pay him cash.”
They went rushing down that freeway, messed around and got lost
They didn’t care, they were just dying to get off, and it was

Surely makes you lose your mind
(Life in the fast lane) yeah
(Life in the fast lane) everything all the time
(Life in the fast lane) a-ha


He carefully steers through the bank parking lot, driving down the familiar nicely paved country roadway, veering towards the interstate road and drives, without giving a damn towards all his family members and his childhood friends.

At 12:27 p.m. in the heated day with bright sunlight with white clouds, Flamingo steers up the entrance interstate ramp smoothly speeding to the maximum posted speed of sixty-five miles per hour. The interstate ride on top of a flat gray tinted roadway will calm his back spine of inflated and inflamed nerve endings while trying to steer his life back into normal, since the introduction of Jeranda and her three-month-old blonde-haired, blue-eyed, light-skinned baby boy. His car flies in a southern direction towards the city of Birmingham.
“I don’t feel like going back home. I didn’t where to go.” He rolls down the interstate following the speed with the other moving vehicles. “I know. I’ll drive by and see my new apartment near the college campus. Yeah, that’s a great idea!”
During the month of April, their mother Arie had taken her three sons and rented an apartment next to the university campus. Inside the newly leased apartment, each brother will have an individual bedroom and will share the apartment home while attending each college course at Burn U.
Flamingo had only seen the newly leased apartment that one time. Now, he can pursue the place and figure out which bedroom he wants and where to place his personal items.
He drives with a smile. “And I don’t have any more academic examinations to test and then pass. I’m a free man from the Lacy Springs High School system, also,” he laughs.
Principal Marshall allowed each high school student, who attended the legal court of law case for Flamingo to receive an automatic letter grade of A for today’s academic tests, which included each one of the smart AP students and Flamingo.
90 minutes later….


City of Birmingham, U.S. State of Alabama
   (96 miles south, from Lacy Springs)

Birmingham University (Burn U) location
02:01 p.m.
Hot temperatures with bright sunshine


Flamingo slows the speed and then turns off the interstate ramp wearing a smile, slowly driving down an unfamiliar three-lane highway and then stops at the first traffic light of red hue.
The ancient rock and roll musical song plays on the car’s music player.
The musical song entitled Twilight Zone was released on August 23, 1982, by the Dutch musical rock and roll band named Golden Earring. The song was composed by the band’s guitarist George J. Kooymans. The musical band played Rock and New Wave sounds. The length of the musical song was recorded at 07 minutes and 58 seconds.
The musical band members included George Kooymans (co-lead vocals, lead guitar, backing vocals); Barry Hay (co-lead vocals, rhythm guitar, backing vocals); Rinus Gerritsen (bass guitar, keyboards), and Cesare Zuiderwilj (drums).


Somewhere in a lonely hotel room
There’s a guy starting to realize
That his eternal fate has turned its back on him

It’s two a.m. (It’s two a.m.)
The fear has gone. (The fear has gone.)
I’m sitting here waiting. (I’m sitting here waiting.)
The gun still warm. (The gun still warm.)
Maybe, my connection is tired of taking chances

Yeah! There’s a storm on the loose, sirens in my head
I’m wrapped up in silence, all circuits are dead
I cannot decode, my whole life spins into a frenzy

Help! I’m stepping into the twilight zone
The place is a madhouse,
Feels like being cloned
My beacon’s been moved under moon and star
Where am I to go, now. that I’ve gone too far?

Help I’m stepping into the twilight zone
The place is a madhouse,
Feels like being cloned
My beacon’s been moved under moon and star
Where am I to go, now, that I’ve gone too far?
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone

I’m falling down a spiral,
Destination unknown
A double-crossed messenger,
All alone
I can’t get no connection,
I can’t get through,
Where are you?

Well, the night weighs heavy on his guilty mind
This far from the borderline
And when the hit man comes
He knows damn well he has been cheated
And he says

Help! I’m stepping into the twilight zone
The place is a madhouse,
Feels like being cloned
My beacon’s been moved under moon and star
Where am I to go, now, that I’ve gone too far?

Help! I’m stepping into the twilight zone
The place is a madhouse,
Feels like being cloned
My beacon’s been moved under moon and star
Where am I to go, now, that I’ve gone too far?
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone
When the bullet hits the bone

Help! I’m stepping into the twilight zone
The place is a madhouse,
Feels like being cloned
My beacon’s been moved under moon and star
Where am I to go, now, that I’ve gone too far?

Help! I’m stepping into the twilight zone
The place is a madhouse,
Feels like being cloned
My beacon’s been moved under moon and star
Where am I to go, now, that I’ve gone too far?
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone
When the bullet hits the bone
When the bullet hits the bone
When the bullet hits the bone
When the bullet hits the bone


Flamingo cuts off the musical tune and then shouts out loud with joy. “The sun’s bright. The air’s heated. I gotta get outta of this hot car interior. My body’s sweating in pails of water.” He turns then parks into an empty parking lot.
The college university campus and classrooms are closed between the spring and summer sessions.
He slides out and smells the air, coughing out loud and then laughs, “Smog of the city! I love it. I love change. I want change. I want to change my life right now. This is great! The smell of the crowded city will not remind of my former home, of my former mother.” He moves ahead and slowly strolls over a vanilla-colored walkway staring at each tall, unknown red-colored bricked building that hides some of the blue tinted skyline. He had memorized the campus map, before the baby interrupted his teenly life. His car is parked at the campus student’s center, a place of fun and food. However, his mind cannot concentrate on the rows of school buildings without students or cars and as his heart is filled with hate.
He tosses both of his arms into air and shouts out loud towards a flying flock of birds, the pale blue skyline, the roaming white tinted clouds, and a row of short green tinted plant trees. “I hate you, Mama!” He drops and slaps both of his arms down on his pair of dirty, wrinkled cargo pants covered in his wet body sweat. His cargo pants had seen some the teenly good times at his local high school.
He slowly paces ahead and continues to stare at each red-tinted, brick-coated college building feeling the sizzling sunrays on his face and body while whispering for his eardrums only. “You didn’t believe me, Mama. I’m your biological son. Well, I’m one of three sons. I guess, after you had birthed three sons, you decided to pick and choose the one that you liked or disliked or hated. Yeah, my mother hates me. She hates my independent streak, not like her favorite first born, asshole, son Breck. She hates my rebellion, not like Cinco. Yeah, that’s the only explanation for not believing my truthful words over Cunt Jeranda. Shit! Breck didn’t believe me either; but he ended up defending my ass and saved me from a life of fatherhood. The fucking kid was not mine. Do you hear me now, Arie? I hate you, Mama. I will always carry a black heart for your mind and your soul. You didn’t believe me your own birthed son. Why didn’t you believe me, Arie? I’m your real son, not that three-month-old, mini-me baby. Me! I! Flamingo!”
His eyeballs produce a set of shallow tears and as he continues to strut over the nicely paved vanilla colored walkway while staring into each lighted window on every college building without a set of students or professors. “A man doesn’t cry. But, I’m not a man. I’m a teen. I’m still a minor child within the eyes of the Alabama state laws. I’m only a minor, Mama. I’m still under your motherly supervision and your bold guidance and your wild advice until I reach adulthood. You didn’t advise me very well, Mama. Marry the bitch! That was your best motherly advice. Was that the only advise that you could pose? Marry the bitch! Become a father to the baby! The baby is not mine. I told you and told you and shouted out loud my innocence up toward the aliens that live and breathe sulfur molecules on the dark side of the moon. Still, you didn’t believe me. Cinco, he believed me. Hell, A.J. believed me, but couldn’t voice his personal opinion. And his adult maleness wants to marry your sassy female ass, Arie. Breck, he didn’t believe me either, but he held an open mind, where everyone else didn’t. Breck and his open mind found the truth. The baby possessed a set of dry earwax.”
He continues to stroll and shakes his nasty ass-backwards baseball cap saying with a smile. “I didn’t know that the eardrums were capable of producing either wet or dry earwax. If I had known that, then I would’ve have found that. Breck, my brother found that information among the scattered stack of loose papers on top of the naked wooden table. Yeah, I did note the scattered sheets of white papers on top of the wooden table, but I didn’t bother to ask or inquire or study, because I wasn’t the damn highly paid attorney. O man! O brother! Breck, he’s going to make a great lawyer, who possesses an open mind and a set of smart neurons, like his father. Daddy, I never knew you, but I wished that you were here with me right now. I could use a kind friend and a fatherly figure,” he wipes off the lonely tear. “I’m only eighteen years old, Daddy. Actually, I turned eighteen years old, a month ago. So, I’m really only seventeen years old, within my short life experiences, as a high school student. And I gotta tell you the truth, Daddy. You wife and my mother really fucked it up for me, on me, with me, and at me.”
He nods with a sour frown. “Yeah, I can understand, Arie. You saw the baby, Arie. You liked the baby, Arie. You wanted a grandchild, Arie. Well, you can whisper that shared information into the eardrum on Cinco. Cinco, he would gladly oblige and produce a child, giving you a grandchild. Hell! Each one of your sons is a multi-millionaire anyways from all that money that has been nicely stored in some trust fund account, for the future. Why in the hell should Cinco get a college degree? Cinco didn’t want to go off to college either. So, go and piss on his career dreams, Mama. But do not piss on my career dreams, Arie.”
Flamingo continues to stroll in blurry eyeballs around the empty campus, looking down at the vanilla walkway rather than the buildings. He wipes off each tear of sadness, angry, frustration, disappointment, betrayal, and pity. He doesn’t deserve to be treated like this. He has a good life and a great future, a medical physician.
He strolls back around the same building getting out of the heated sunlight and does not want to be caught on the college campus ground, without a legal explanation.
He veers back towards his parked car and scoots back inside the driver’s seat, wiping his wet face of tears and memories, drumming his wet fingers on the steering wheel. He scans with a happier demeanor the city streets. “Where I do go next? I’ve toured some of the campus grounds that I can without getting arrested as the campus buildings are closed for the spring session. I have money, but I’m only eighteen years old. I can’t go into a fancy night club until I turn 21 years old. If I were with…”
“No!” He sneers. “Do not say their names evermore! I am done with my unfaithful and unloving family members. I have money. I have lots of money. I’m fucking rich. I’m a rich kid,” he laughs out loud with an evil tone, “Shit! I should park my car at the Birmingham Airport and book a nice vacation to somewhere with sandy beaches and naked girls, which ain’t here. No! I don’t wanna miss any of my college classes. I can travel around the world, after I graduate from medical school, as I do not have a current girlfriend anymore. Do you hear that, Violet! Can you feel me, now, Violet? I feel it. Rather, I saw it. Right there, in front of the entire Lacy Springs High School student body, my fiancé and her three-carat diamond ring walked out on me and believed that cunt Jeranda’s words over my values, my wants, my dreams, my desires. I actually don’t know who makes me…more madder…or more crazier…or more furious! Either, my loving mother or my loving fiancé? Well, I’m done with women, including my female relatives, the high school teens, the college teens, the college women, and all women of every color, creed, race, height, and weight. I have a new purpose, a college diploma and then a medical school license.”
He starts the cold engine on his sports car and carefully reverses backward from the parking spot, slowly driving down an unfamiliar roadway, turning into the main street. He slowly drives down a new unfamiliar roadway packed with numerous parked automobiles, scanning the side road for a restaurant. His set of teenly emotions has calmed down enough and as his stomach is growling for a plate of hot food.
“Human biology is both unbelievable and incredible. If I could remove my heart, my body would be happier,” Flamingo slows the car and pulls into the drive-through section of a fast food restaurant, stopping, placing an order of food. He pulls around with a smile and pays for the food, leaving the parking lot. He slowly drives down a nicely paved city street entitled University Boulevard, where the main campus is located and searches for a place to eat his meal. He pulls into a hotel veranda and parks the car along the side row of empty spots in front of the line of trees, killing the engine with a smile. “Well, I’m here. I’m hungry. I’m tired and sweaty. And I have no other home at the moment. I have money. So, I’ll spend the night here at a hotel room and then figure out what to do tomorrow morning.” He slides out the car, closes, and then locks the door, entering into the hotel lobby, holding a sack of food and a cold drink without a bag of clothes.


Birmingham Inn
lobby location
registration desk setting
hot temperatures with bright sunlight
02:18 p.m.


Flamingo hears the familiar soft rock musical song then halts a few feet from the gliding doors tilting his bone skull at the words on the tune.
The musical song entitled Blaze of Glory was released on July 21,1990 by the American rock and roll musical artist and songwriter Jon Bon Jovi. The musical song was produced by Jon Bon Jovi and Danny Kotchmar.


I wake up in the morning
And I raise my weary head
I got an old coat for a pillow
And the earth was last night’s bed

I don’t know, where I’m going
Only God knows, where I’ve been
I’m a devil on the run
A six gun lover
A candle in the wind, yeah

You’re brought into this world
But they say you’re born in sin
Well, at least, they’ve given me something
I didn’t have to steal or have to win
Well, they tell me that I’m wanted

Yeah! I’m a wanted man
I’m a colt in your stable
I’m what Cain was to Able
Mister, catch me, if you can

I’m going down in a blaze of glory
Take me now but know the truth
I’m going down in a blaze of glory
Lord, I never drew first
But I drew first blood
I’m no one’s son
Call me young gun

You ask about my conscience
And I offer you my soul
You ask, if I’ll grow to be a wise man
Well, I ask, if I’ll grow old
You ask me, if I’ll known love

And what it’s like to sing songs in the rain
Well, I’ve seen love come
I’ve seen it shot down
I’ve seen it die in vain
Shot down in a blaze of glory
Take me now but know the truth
But I’m going down in a blaze of glory

Lord, I never drew first
But I drew first blood
I’m a devil’s son
Call me, young gun

Each night, I go to bed
I pray the Lord, my soul to keep
No. I ain’t looking for forgiveness
But before I’m six foot deep
Lord, I got to ask a favor
And I’ll hope you’ll understand
Cause. I’ve lived life to the fullest
Let this boy die like a man
Staring down the bullet
Let me make my final stand

Shot down in a blaze of glory
Take me now but know the truth
I’m going down in a blaze of glory
Lord, I never drew first
But I drew first blood
I’m no one’s son
Call me, young gun

I’m the young gun
Young gun. Yea! Yea!
Young gun


“Did you hear that, Arie?” Flamingo whispers for his eardrums only and then stands upright laughing out loud, shaking his curls. He starts to pad ahead towards the registration desk in gold and purple colored veins, within the smooth-feeling marble stone, and then halts, placing the sweaty cup of dark soda and the bag of food on top of the smooth surface, smiling at the young male with a head of blonde hair. He says, “Hello! I’m interested in renting a hotel room for me and a garage space for my car, for the night.”
The male looks up from the computer terminal nodding with a smile then greets, “Yes sir! How will you be paying for the hotel room, sir?”
“I will pay with cash.”
He asks, “Yes sir! May I see your driver’s license please?” Flamingo places the item onto the counter.
The nice hotel clerk accepts the item and types on the keyboard watching the computer screen, registering his name. “The cash payment for your person is 267.45 dollars please. This amount does not include any ordered room service meals or purchases at our nice gift shop.”
Flamingo nods and counts out the cash money, sliding the money stack over the smooth counter, nodding in silence with his smile.
The clerk accepts the cash and recounts the money for accuracy, sliding the cash down into the hidden drawer. He presents a pair of plastic hotel badges that serve as the two hotel keys. He explains, “You are located on the fourteenth floor, sir. I invite you to enjoy our swimming pool and fitness room. Thank you for staying at the Birmingham Inn.”
“Thanks!” Flamingo states and accepts the two hotel keys gathering his food items and back steps away from the registration counter, spinning around and scans the lobby setting, for either a friend or a foe, as he has been taught by Tommy Lee.
Tommy Lee is the popular rough, tough-ass sheriff of Lacy Springs, a good family friend of the McCory Clan, and the former buddy to Breck Freehurst McCory, Junior. Tommy Lee has a daughter, not any son to carry on the family name or the family fun. On the day of Breck, Junior’s memorial service as a human dead body was present, Tommy Lee made a heavenly promise to his new angel childhood friend to help Arie raise her three boys from childhood into manhood, which was not been easy task.
Tommy Lee taught each McCory boy to always survey your surroundings, either at a vicious fight or a fun party, looking for a friendly face to save your ass or a furious foe to beat your ass.
Flamingo always remembered Tommy Lee’s advice and always followed the wise words from an older and wiser country boy, who understood both the redneck ways and the gentle man manners, like Breck, Junior.
Flamingo struts ahead and then exits the hotel building entering his parked car, carefully driving off the entrance way into the parking garage building, for each paying guest, on the side of the hotel, slowly steering through down each avenue, until finding an empty parking spot on the sixth floor level. He has consumed half of the food items during his tour.
Flamingo stops then parks his car sliding from the seat, dragging his single cloth bag and the soft sack of warm food items, tapping the car fob and locks his car. He spins around and finally locates the elevator carriage eating the food, strutting ahead towards the side wall and then halts. Flamingo slowly whirls around and surveys his new environment while watching for swift movements or strange dangerous faces. He is alone.
The garage parking building is a square-shaped structure of eighteen floors stopping below the luxury wing with four individual penthouse suites, one located on each geographical end.
 Each garage floor is comprised of a solid, cold, concrete slab, with a standard white-painted two strips for parking a lonely vehicle. Each side wall contain a solid row of steel-cased tiny slotted window to detour and de-turd a potential car thief. Thus, his car is safe and as Flamingo feels safety for his car.
This is the first time that Flamingo and his asset has ran away from home, without either his mama or his two brothers living on his own, like an adult. At the future reserved rental apartment complex, paid by Arie, of course, a three-car garage building, for three individual vehicles, is attached to the two-story townhouse in which the three brothers will share and live during their college days.
He spins back around and views the shiny elevator doors. The door open. The elevator carriage is empty of all kinds of mammals. He laughs out loud and loads into the carriage floor spinning around, pressing the button for the 14th floor and hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled You Gave Love a Bad Name was released on July 23, 1986 coming from the studio album named Slippery When Wet, by the American musical rock and roll band named Bon Jovi. The song was written by Richard Sambora, Desmond Child, and Jon Bon Jovi. The musical song was produced by Bruce Fairbairn. The musical band played Hard Rock sounds. The musical band members included Jon Bon Jovi (vocals); Richard Sambora (lead guitar); Steve Coy (drums), and Pete Burns (vocals). The musical song was written in the musical key of C minor and played a tempo of 123 beats-per-minute. The song ended singing the title repeating over and over again, until the words fade out.


Shot through the heart
And you’re to blame
Darling, you give love a bad name

An angel’s smile is what you sell
You promise me Heaven, then put me through hell
Chains of love got a hold on me
When passion’s a prison, you can’t break free

O! You’re a loaded gun, yeah
O! There’s nowhere to run
No one can save me
The damage is done

Shot through the heart
And you’re to blame
You give love a bad name (bad name)
I play my part and you play your game
You give love a bad name (bad name)
Hey! You give love, a bad name

Paint your smile on your lips
Blood red nails on your fingertips
A school boy’s dream, you act so shy
Your very first kiss was your first kiss goodbye

Whoa! You’re a loaded gun
Whoa! There’s nowhere to run
No one can save me
The damage is done

Shot through the heart
And you’re to blame
You give love a bad name (bad name)
I play my part and you play your game
You give love a bad name (bad name)
You give love. O!

O! Shot through the heart
And you’re to blame
You give love a bad name
I play my part and you play your game
You give love a bad name (bad name)

Shot through the heart
And you’re to blame
You give love a bad name (bad name)
I play my part and you play your game
You give love a bad name (bad name)

You give love
You give love (bad name)
You give love
You give love (bad name)
You give love
You give love (bad name)
You give love
You give love


“Did you hear that, Violet?” Flamingo whispers for his eardrums only. The doors silently shut. The carriage swiftly lifts upwards. He starts to suck on the sweaty cup of soda.
At 02:26 p.m., the carriage stops at the 14th floor. The elevator doors slide open, revealing a tan colored marble floor, a solid wall of dark green paint behind a long side table in marble green that holds a large glass vase of colorful flowers.
Flamingo moves off the elevator carriage not hearing any musical notes inside the hallway and pads along with the other hotel guests and then turns to the side wall, seeing green-painted walls and numerous shut red-colored metal room doors. He slowly paces down an aisle with new floor carpet in orange, purple and green waves and strips. He finds his rental hotel room and then stops, sliding the card down into the slot.
He slams open the door with a practiced shoulder and enters into the nicely cold, darkened room, moving ahead toward the closed curtains. He places the bag of greasy food on top of the side table and reaches out opening each dark purple colored curtain draped exposing a row of clean glass windows. The city of Birmingham includes a bright blue tinted skyline and rows of scattered tall buildings below the hotel’s fourteenth floor.
He slides an ass down on the edge of an older sitting leather chair in dull red hue and opens the bag of greasy food, eating the rest of the hamburger, the box of French fries, and sipping down the sweet tea, without a word. He burps out loud between the bites of food, pounding his chest. 
He says with a calm timber, “I still fill empty. My mind is active. My stomach is full. I feel in-between everything. But I still hate my mother. I hate you, Arie,” he stands upright from the sitting chair and moves around his tightly enclosed, rented hotel room, tossing both of his arms in the air, cursing out loud in angry, depression, sadness, pity, and hate for each one of his blood relatives.
“This is the day, before my high school graduation. I’m to graduation tomorrow night at five o’clock with my class of senior students. I wanna go, but I don’t wanna go. But this is my high school graduation. Ever student dreams of their high school graduation ceremony while standing up from that squeaky, weak-legged, metal folding chair of ugly color gray walking over the flat floor then venturing upon the tall platform stage of dark wood, shaking the hand on the school principal. Then each student receives a single sheet of paper that opens the doors to the world, a high school graduation.”
He sits down on top of the neatly made bedcovers and looks down with a sour frown at the carpeted slightly dull tan colored floor. “If I go to my high school graduation, Breck and Cinco will be there. I don’t wanna see Breck and Cinco ever again. I’m lucky for that one. I got money in my bank account. I can go to college. I can go to work. I can go on vacation. But I do not wanna go and see Breck and Cinco, before my graduation night, during my graduation night, or after my graduation night. Then, there are all of my high school friends at Lacy Springs High that saw me today in the court room. Each one witnessed with both eyeballs and a pair of eardrums my nasty behavior on my mama. But I don’t give a shit. This is my life. No one believed my story, my tale, my back side. Breck didn’t believe me or my story either, but he found the clue that saved my ass in the court of law. Breck’s going to become a great lawyer. He has chosen the right field of study. And I have chosen the right to become a medical physician. I’ll be a good one too. I’ll study hard and become a medical physician. No one can stop me either.”
He exhales with a huff of confusion then says. “I don’t understand any of this. I can’t actually comprehend this. I was right. Everyone was wrong. I am innocent. Everyone thought me guilty. My own mother thought me guilty. My own mother didn’t wanna hear my side of my innocent story. She only wanted me to marry that cunt-bitch Jeranda and become the father of that cute baby, that I didn’t fuck to get.”
He looks up with a sour frown to see the ceiling and shouts out loud. “I hate you, Arie.” He exhales with a huff of fury. “I promise. I cross my heart and hope to die. I never will see you again. I will miss Iredell. She is the bestest grandmother among my two grandmas.”
He looks down and salutes the door with a smile. “Well, good bye, McCory family unit! I should change my name. Naw! That’ll cost too much money and create too much trouble. What should I do next?” He lies down and rests on top of the bed mattress staring at the ceiling. “My body doesn’t want to do anything. My mind is too active, too keyed, too wired, too over-wrath with my teenly emotions. However, the emotions can from the nerve endings throughout my body.” He laughs. “I can’t stop thinking about cunt-bitch Jeranda. Her smile dropped and then slammed down on the hard table surface, when my medical pediatrician produced a cotton tip of dried earwax from the internal eardrum on her bone skull. My medical pediatrician was a stunned and shocked as the rest of the court gallery, including the judge. That damn female judge, she had decided that I was going to be labeled the father, without a damn blood test. If I had taken the blood test, then this mess would have ended a week ago. I should become a lawyer to fight shit like that. But, Breck had learned a life lesson too. My expensive hired lawyer didn’t do anything to prove my innocence either.
“I have always heard that a lawyer protects a lawyer. Well, my mother, my lawyer, her lawyer, and that judge had all decided that I was going to be rewarded as the father of a baby that wasn’t my blood without hearing my side of the story. I told my mother that I hated my lawyer too. But the lawyer works for a big law firm that wins all of their legal cases. Whatever!”
He continues to rest on his back spine and stares up at the white tinted ceiling saying with a sour frown. “Well, I’ve learned a life lesson here, too. Do not trust anyone, including your own family members. I hate my family. I hate Arie. I hate Breck. I hate…” 
He exhales. “Cinco believed me. I feel bad that I acted so badly in front of my brother Cinco. Among the three brothers, Cinco is the most caring, trusting, and useful. He loves Arie and his two brothers. I do still love Cinco. I have nice and good emotions for A.J. A.J., he came along at the last minute, at the right time, when that Unnamed Dead Man tried to steal money from Arie, the curse of the rich. Somebody always wants something from your person. If you have money, they want your money. If you have possessions, they want your possessions. If you’re pretty, they want your beauty. That cunt-bitch Jeranda didn’t even want to marry me. She only wanted the 10,000 dollars-per-month, for child support, coming from my mother Arie, for her three-month-old baby. Child support monthly payments are paid until the biological child turns eighteen years old. What a croc of bullshit! But Arie believed it and fell for it and then failed from it. Geez! Everyone, within the cow town of Lacy Springs, knows that Arie is rich with cash money. They just didn’t know by how many dollar signs and commas. But someone had guessed, fuckingly good.”
He laughs then states. “Well, Jeranda has learned a life lesson here, to boot. Don’t mess with the right bastard! Me! Arie gave Jeranda a free house and rooms of furniture. Arie will employ Jeranda’s mother somewhere on the farm. Arie will still honor that agreement as Arie is a Christian woman and obeys Almighty’s God policy of love and mercy. And Arie can financially afford to do so. I agree with helping all the needy too including a misguided Jeranda, her baby and her mother. But, cunt-bitch Jeranda will not accept the free house and then will move and live the rest of her life inside a tiny shack with her baby boy. Jeranda will receive money from the U.S. Federal Government for shelter, food, clothes, mobile telephone, and other material objects that I don’t really know, until the day that Jeranda dies. My United States of America Federal income taxes will pay for her fucking funeral expenses, when she dies at the age of eighty years old or so.
“And her ill-breed baby boy will grow up to become a criminal person committing crimes like robbery, thievery, and selling and using drugs for the rest of his fun-filled days and nights. He will end in jail or on the opposite end of a smoking hand gun. I do not give a shit. Good riddance, Jeranda and your baby boy! No one is taking me for a ride on their bus or their back or their ass. I hate you, Jeranda. I hate your son. O! By the by, you need to change that name from Breck Freehurst McCory, the sixth to someone new and different. I know that Iredell is in the legal process of accomplishing that simple task by tomorrow, at high noon. I don’t think the baby can be named, after a teenager or an adult young man, who is not the biological father,” he laughs.
He exhales with a smile. “I do believe that I have purged my mental thoughts of Jeranda. Her baby is innocent. The infant is only a baby without evil or harm or reward. Yeah, I do feel better that Jeranda has been removed from my numerous brain cells. Now, I can sleep pretty good tonight knowing that Jeranda is permanently out of my life foreverly.”
He exhales with a huff of disappointment and presents a sour frown. He says, “I still hate Arie. But I’ve trashed her name enough today. I’m so glad to be eighteen years old. I have a healthy bank account of 250,000 dollars. I will inherit the rest of my millions at the age of twenty-one years old. I really don’t know if that will happen. Arie might be mad at me right now and change my money wealth. Maybe, she can’t change my inheritance pot of gold. It doesn’t matter in terms of shit piles for me. Iredell has lots and lots of money also. She will always pay for her grandson, when I need her to pay all my academic bills to medical school. I’m not worried. She had been conned into marrying a jerk. Then, her biological father had saved her ass. Iredell understands what family means, and sometimes, you sacrifice for your loved ones. Iredell did. I can’t help but love Iredell.”
He exhales with annoyance. “My brother Breck, I hate and love him at the same time. How can you hate and love someone at the same time? I don’t know. That’s my teenly emotional side talking. I’m a teen, not a man, yet. I hate Breck. I love Breck. Breck sided with our mother. I should marry the cunt-bitch Jeranda. I should become the father of the baby. The baby is mine. Blub! Blub! Burp! Burp! Then, out of the blue sky, Breck finds the medical answer that saved the legal court trial for me, his triplet brother. Well, Breck learned a life lesson here, too. He has admired the true lawyer and then he saw her lines of wiggling yellow streaks of selfishness. Or he saw her wiggling lines of green streaks of greed. My lawyer accepted all that green money and didn’t even believe my story. Well, Breck saw the bright light at the end of things. I guess I can forgive him and love him again. However, Breck is mad at me right now too.”
He exhales with a sour frown. “Breck is an overprotective bastard over his mama Arie. He’s the first born triplet and the protector of Arie. Breck will not like that I have hateful feelings for my mother. Well, I can’t help that. Arie started it first. Arie didn’t believe me. I was right. She was wrong. In the business world, if you are wrong, you lose your company. In the medical world, if you are wrong, someone dies. In the spiritual world, if you are wrong, you lose your soul. So, Arie is wrong and gets to still smile and priss around the house that nothing is wrong. That’s not fair to me. Arie was wrong to me. I wasn’t wrong. She was wrong.”
He exhales with a sour frown. “Well, Arie has learned a gigantic life lesson here, that will change her fucking life force. I do not forget and forgive. I do not return back to the cow town of Lacy Springs. I will never see Arie again. This is my fucking life, not hers or his or another. I pick the street to travel down and suffer the consequences and enjoy the rewards, Arie. I hate you, my mother. You picked the wrong child to mess with. There! I’m done with Arie.”
He exhales with a sour frown. “Well, I’ve trashed my family tree really good here inside an enclosed and dark hotel room. Too bad, I pitched my cell phone out the open window during my drive outta Lacy Springs. I could have both vocally and visually recorded my farewell speech to each family member. Hell! That’s how the world communicates now. But I do feel better after talking it out. Now, I completely understand the weird term: talk it out. I needed to talk it out with someone. My hotel room is empty of warm bodies, but me, Brother Christ Jesus, the Holy Spirit, Almighty God, and all my heavenly angels. So, I do have an audience of cold, invisible things,” he laughs.
He exhales with a smile then says with a nod. “I do feel much better. I’ve figuratively killed off my kinfolks and graduated from high school, too boot. I’m going to miss my high school graduation. I really wanna go. But I will see Arie, who I do not want to see. Then Arie will be so happy for her three sons, who have graduated from high school. This is her life time dream. Well, I’m robbing her of that once in a life time pleasure. So, I’ll not go to my high school graduation. The event will be torment for me. I must see all of my kinfolks and then all of my childhood friends, such like, Brett, Doyle, Yancy, Retta Jean, Violet…”
He sneers. “Violet, I thought she was the love of my life. Violet was the virgin to my lover zodiac sign. I had rescued her from Breck that night at the sappy Mint Julep Dance. Why did I do that? I thought she was a nice girl. She was a virgin girl at Lacy Springs High School. She is special in that way. There are not many virgin girls left in the world. Then, our first test, she had lied to me. She had turned eighteen years old, before me. She had not told me. Then, she conned me into coming to the hotel room, when I was only a minor at seventeen years old. That was so wrong! I never told my mother. I told Cinco. Cinco agreed with me. After that, we paired as a dating couple only during a school event, not after hours, but only on the weekends at my special place.
“Then our second test, she abandoned me during the College Honor Challenge. She went to work on the revival church tasks. I entered the challenge event. The challenge event was both hard work and an important event with accomplishing my goal as a medical physician. She didn’t seem or want or care or understand my need to excel in my college program. Now, I’ll only attend five years of school as opposed to seven. Why would any person find that terrible?
“Then Breck came along like a spider and webbed his non-silky hands around Violet. I hate Breck for that too. Well, Breck almost make it up to heaven to personally see Brother Jesus that night with my girl Violet. Professor Dunn had been a naughty college teacher and only wanted to make a ton of money from someone else’s money. All of my hard work had paid off.  I had found the lost treasure from the Native American Yazoo Indian Tribe. I was credited for the find and awarded numerous college credits. I had achieved, what I had set out to do. But Violet could not see what a couple of days of work would accomplish for me. Then, I saved the day. Actually, I killed a live and breathing human person with my personal shotgun. I had no choice. Dunn was aiming the gun barrel at Breck. Dunn had killed a young teen before, a couple of years ago. Tommy Lee found that out. I killed Dunn, before he killed my brother.”
He exhales with a smile then says with a nod. “Wow! Breck and I have experienced action, pain, and death. From that death day on someone else’s body, Violet and I became engaged for a future wedding ceremony. I was so happy. We have a fun time as an engaged couple. We want on fun nightly dates. We want on afternoon wilderness picnics. She came over and spent the holidays with my family. We enjoyed each other and planned for our future together. Five years from now, we will marry and live and die in the small cow town of Lacy Springs. That has all changed for me now.
“Then, my third test of life, fatherhood claims against my person. Violet didn’t want to hear my side of the story either. Her parents had forbidden to see me also. She tossed the diamond ring on top of the front porch at my ex-home, this afternoon. I collected it. I still carry that diamond ring inside my trousers pocket,” he reaches down into the pocket and pulls out the three-caret diamond ring, holding the diamond in front of his nose bridge. “Mama had paid for the great, big diamond. So, I’ll sell it for some money. I didn’t want the ring. I didn’t want to be reminded of Violet. She can go and marry some other guy, but me. My relationship is done with her too. I guess the stars didn’t align for us.”
He drops his hand with the diamond ring on top of the bed mattress and exhales with a stern face. He whispers, “Now, I am free of my past life. My old friends and family are dead and gone. I will move forward. I feel much better about my life. I’m excited and scared and thrilled and nervous. I do not know what the future will hold but numerous classes and numerous tests in college. College starts in a few more lonely days and nights.”
He sits upright clapping with a smile and shouts out loud with happiness. “What to do next?” He turns and shades his eyelids from the bright sunset rays, sliding off the bed mattress, moving ahead and then stops. He stands in front of the row of windows looking down at the ground saying with a chuckle, “Awe! This hotel has a swimming pool. Of course, my former house has a swimming pool also. I have paid for the pool here. Thus, I should use the pool here. Now, I understand when you paid for something, you use it,” he spins around with laughter, moves ahead, and then halts exhaling with a gasp of shock. “I do not possess a set of swimming trunks. I cannot go to the swimming pool naked and nude. I’ll get arrested. I can’t go in my underwear either. Wait! The gift shop, there’s a hotel gift shop that sells clothing for such any occasion like mine. Yes, I can go swimming right now. The sun’s hot. The air’s heated. I’m happy.”
Flamingo exits the room with his hotel key and enters the elevator carriage, again, presenting a smile of delight, hearing the ancient musical song.
The musical song entitled Sweet Emotion was released on the studio album named Toys in the Attic, on the date of May 19, 1975, by the American musical rock and roll band Aerosmith. The song was composed by Steven Tyler and Tom Hamilton. The musical producer was Jack Douglas.
The musical band members included Steven Tyler (lead vocals); Joe Perry (lead guitar, backing vocals); Brad Whitford (rhythm guitar); Tom Hamilton (bass guitar); Joey Kramer (drums, percussion) and Jay Messina (marimba). The musical band played Hard Rock, Funk Rock, and Psychedelic Funk sounds.


Sweet emotion
Sweet emotion

You talk about things that nobody cares
Wearing out things that nobody wears
You’re calling my name, but I gotta make clear
I can’t say, baby, where I’ll be in a year

Some sweat hog mama with a face, like a gent
Said, my get up and go, must’ve got up and went
Well, I got good news, she’s a real good liar
Cause, the backstage boogie sets your pants on fire

Sweet emotion
Sweet emotion

I pulled into town in a police car
Your daddy said I took it just a little too far
You’re telling her things, but your girlfriend lied
You can’t catch me, cause the rabbit done died
Yes! It did

Stand in the front just a shaking your ass
I’ll take you backstage, you can drink from my glass
I’ll talk about something, you can sure understand
Cause, a month on the road and I’ll be eating from your hand


At 02:46 p.m., the elevator door opens. The carriage is empty. The elevator doors close shut. The carriage shifts down and then the doors slide open.
Flamingo exits from the elevator carriage and slowly shuffles down a semi-busy hallway turning into the first gift shop, examining all the nicely lined merchandise. He hears a familiar ancient musical song.
The musical song entitled Simply Irresistible and was released in the year 1985 and performed by the English singer, songwriter, musician and record producer named Robert Palmer.
Robert Allen Palmer was known singing with a powerful, distinctively gritty, soulful voice and singing numerous of his musical songs combining the musical sounds with Soul, Jazz, Rock, Pop, Reggae, and Blues.


How can it be permissible?
She compromised my principle. Yeah! Yeah!
That kind of love is mythical
She’s anything but typical
She’s a craze you’d endorse, she’s a powerful force
You’re obliged to conform, when there’s no other course
She used to look good to me, but now I find her

Simply irresistible
Simply irresistible

Her loving is so powerful, huh
It’s simply unavoidable
The trend irreversible
The woman is invincible
She’s a natural law, and she leaves me in awe
She deserves the applause, I surrender because
She used to look good to me, but now I find her

Simply irresistible
Simply irresistible

Simply irresistible
(She’s so fine, there’s no telling, where the money went)

Simply irresistible
(She’s all mine, there’s no other way to go)
She’s unavoidable. I’m backed against the wall
She gives me feelings, like I never felt before

I'm breaking promises, she’s breaking every law
She used to look good to me, but now I find her
Simply irresistible
(She’s so fine, there’s no telling, where the money went)
Simply irresistible
(She’s all mine, there’s no other way to go)

Her methods are inscrutable
The proof is irrefutable. O! O! O! O! O!
She’s so completely kissable. Huh!
Our lives are indivisible. Yeah! Yeah!
She’s a craze you'd endorse; she’s a powerful force
You’re obliged to conform, when there’s no other course
She used to look good to me, but now I find her

Simply irresistible
(She’s so fine, there’s no telling, where the money went)

Simply irresistible
(She’s all mine, there’s no other way to go)

Simply irresistible
(She’s so fine, there’s no telling, where the money went)

Simply irresistible
(She’s all mine, there’s no other way to go)

Simply irresistible


The gift shop provides counters of snacks, beverage, magazines, books, hats, sunglasses, handbags, clothes and other items. Flamingo slowly moves down each aisle with a smile and then stops standing in front a rack of clothes items, seeing the different merchandise. He sees rows of folded stacks of colorful pajamas for any female, male, or child, but he sleeps in the nude. He sees rows of shirts, eyeing some of the colorful designs and stops, staring at the college tee shirts with a Burn U logo. He nods and selects two tee shirts, one in dark green; the other in white hue.
He enjoys wearing a short-sleeved, solid colored tee shirt with a nasty vile curse word attending his old high school sessions. He can do dress like that, because Arie is one of the directors at the school board. 
Now, Flamingo is a college student. He’s not a fashion horse with clothes but likes to fit into the general crowd of people. So, he’ll adapt a new college wardrobe consisting of nicely designed Burn U logo tee shirts paired with his ancient tan colored cargo pants, until he designs a new appearance, after his first day as a college student.
He roams down the aisle and turns viewing the next new aisle, stopping in front of the swimming attire. He selects a bland color of dark blue swimming trunks for the swimming pool sounding with a soft chuckle.
Normally, Flamingo does not lie by the swimming pool for a suntan on his body.
However, his fictional role model, the boss of The Quartet, Austin Bartholomew Berrington, IV always enjoy soaking up the heated rays on the Florida sandy beach, after a new threat on his life form.
Well, Flamingo can emotionally and mentally understand that deadly feeling, too. The hot sun rays will purge the rest of his nasty images from his court room visions and his nasty thoughts of greatly disliked people in general.
He continues to stroll up and down each aisle stopping at the book shelf reaching over and lifts up a couple of books. He moves ahead and stops in front of the cash register, paying for his merchandise. The teen lifts the two shopping bags and wears a smile leaving the gift shop and enters the hotel’s hallway hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Dirty Laundry was released in the year 1982, coming from the studio album named I Can’t Stand Still, by the American musical artist named Don Henley. The song was written by Don Henley and Danny Kortchmar. The musical band members included Don Henley (lead vocals; backing vocals); Steve Porcaro (keyboards); Roger Linn (special effects); Danny Kortchmar (rhythm guitar, backing vocals); Joe Walsh (first guitar solo); Steve Lukather (second guitar solo); Timothy B. Schmit (bass guitar; backing vocals); George Gruel (backing vocals), and Jeff Porcaro (drums). The musical band played Hard Rock sounds.

I make my living off the evening news
Just give me something
Something, I can use
People love it, when you lose
They love dirty laundry

Well, I could have been an actor
But I wound up here
I just have to look good
I don’t have to be clear
Come and whisper in my ear
Give us dirty laundry

Kick them, when they’re up
Kick them, when they’re down
Kick them, when they’re up
Kick them, when they’re down

Kick them, when they’re up
Kick them, when they’re down
Kick them, when they’re up
Kick them all around

We got the bubble headed
Bleached blonde
Comes on at five
She can tell you about the plane crash
With a gleam in her eye
It’s interesting, when people die
Give us dirty laundry

Can we film the operation?
Is the head dead yet?
You know, the boys in the newsroom
Got a running bet
Get the widow on the set
We need dirty laundry

You don’t really need to find out
What’s going on
You don’t really want to know
Just how far it’s gone
Just leave well enough alone
Eat your dirty laundry

Kick them, when they’re up
Kick them, when they’re down
Kick them, when they’re up
Kick them, when they’re down

Kick them, when they’re up
Kick them, when they’re down
Kick them, when they’re stiff
Kick them all around

(Kick them, when they’re up)
(Kick them, when they’re down)
(Kick them, when they’re up)
(Kick them, when they’re down)

(Kick them, when they’re up)
(Kick them, when they’re down)
(Kick them, when they’re stiff)
(Kick them all around)

Dirty little secrets
Dirty little lies
We got our dirty little fingers
In everybody’s pie
We love to cut you down to size
We love dirty laundry

We can do the innuendo
We can dance and sing
When it’s said and done
We haven’t told you a thing
We all know that crap is king
Give us dirty laundry


Flamingo moves back into his hotel room and washes the new set of swimming trunks. He doesn’t know if anyone male has spread his penis germs inside the new fabric.
He dresses in the pair of clean but wet swimming trunks and wears one of the new Burn U logo tee shirts, leaving his nasty ass-baseball cap behind on top of the dresser table surface. He exits his hotel room and totes a clean white tinted bath towel, entering an open elevator carriage. He hears the familiar musical song from the hidden speakers.
The musical song entitled Karma Chameleon was released on September 5, 1983 coming from the studio album named Colour by Numbers, by the British musical band named Culture Club. The song was written by George Alan O’Dowd, Jonathan Aubrey Moss, Michael Emilie Craig, Roy Ernest Hay and Philip Stuart Pickett. The musical song was produced by Steve Levine. The musical band played Soft Pop sounds.


There’s a loving in your eyes all the way
If I listen to your lies, would you say
I’m a man (a man) without conviction
I’m a man (a man) who doesn’t know
How to sell (to sell) a contradiction
You come and go, you come and go

Karma, karma, karma, karma, karma chameleon
You come and go, you come and go
Loving would be easy if your colors were like my dreams
Red, gold, and green; red, gold, and green

Didn’t hear your wicked words every day
And you used to be so sweet, I heard you say
That my love (my love) was an addiction
When we cling (we cling), our love is strong
When you go (you go), you’re gone forever
You string along, you string along

Karma, karma, karma, karma, karma chameleon
You come and go, you come and go
Loving would be easy if your colors were like my dreams
Red, gold, and green; red, gold, and green

Every day is like survival (survival)
You’re my lover (my lover), not my rival
Every day is like survival (survival)
You’re my lover (my lover), not my rival

I’m a man (a man) without conviction
I’m a man (a man) who doesn’t know
How to sell (to sell) a contradiction
You come and go, you come and go

Karma, karma, karma, karma, karma chameleon
You come and go, you come and go
Loving would be easy if your colors were like my dreams
Red, gold, and green; red, gold, and green

Karma, karma, karma, karma, karma chameleon
You come and go, you come and go
Loving would be easy if your colors were like my dreams
Red, gold, and green; red, gold, and green

Karma, karma, karma, karma, karma chameleon
You come and go, you come and go
Loving would be easy if your colors were like my dreams
Red, gold, and green; red, gold, and green

Karma, karma, karma, karma, karma chameleon

At 03:33 p.m., the elevator carriage lands on top of the ground floor. Flamingo exits the carriage with the other guests strolling down the lobby hallway, hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Shout was released on November 19, 1984 coming from the studio album named Songs from the Big Chair, by the British musical Pop and Rock and Roll band named Tears for Fears. The song was written by Ian Stanley and Roland Orzabal. The musical song was produced by Chris Hughes. The length of the musical song is 06 minutes and 31 seconds. The musical band played New Wave and Synthesize Pop sounds.


Shout, shout, let it all out
These are the things I can do without
Come on! I’m talking to you, come on

Shout, shout, let it all out
These are the things I can do without
Come on! I’m talking to you, come on

In violent times
You shouldn’t have to sell your soul
In black and white
They really, really ought to know

Those one-track minds
They took you for a working boy
Kiss them goodbye
You shouldn’t have to jump for joy
You shouldn’t have to jump for joy (Shout, shout)

Let it all out
These are the things, I can do without
Come on! I’m talking to you. Come on

They gave you, life
And in return, you gave them hell
As cold as ice
I hope we live to tell the tale
I hope we live to tell the tale (Shout, shout)

Let it all out
These are the things I can do without
Come on! I’m talking to you. Come on

Shout, shout, let it all out
These are the things I can do without
Come on! I’m talking to you. Come on

Shout, shout, let it all out
These are the things I can do without
Come on! I’m talking to you. Come on

And when you’ve taken down your guard
If I could change your mind
I’d really love to break your heart
I’d really love to break your heart (Shout, shout)

Let it all out
These are the things. I can do without
(Really love to break your heart)
Come on! I'm talking to you. Come on

Shout, shout, let it all out
These are the things, I can do without
Come on! I’m talking to you. So, come on


He exits the building setting and strolls on top of the hard heated concrete surface at the hotel’s swimming pool setting, among the heated sizzling temperatures, with bright sunlight, without clouds. Flamingo follows the crowd of adults, teens, and children out towards the pool patio section while hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Drink in My Hand was released on the studio album named Chief, in the month of August, in the year 2011, by the American country musical artist and songwriter Eric Church. The musical song was written by Michael Patrick Heeney, Luke Robert Laird, and Kenneth Eric Church.


Early Monday morning, until Friday at five
Man, I work, work, work, but I don't climb, climb, climb
Boss Man can shove that overtime up his can
All I wanna do is put a drink in my hand

To fill it up, or throw it down
I got a forty hour week, worth of trouble to drown
No need to complicate it, I’m a simple man
All you got to do is put a drink in my hand

Yea! The parking lot is muddy, can’t get to the door
I’ll take my jacked up drop there down in four by four
Chill down a long neck, warm up the band
All you gotta do is put a drink in my hand

To fill it up, or throw it down
I’m about to tear a new one in this old town
Five, four, three, two, one! I’m a rocket man
All you got to do is put a drink in my hand

Make me wanna go, “Ouhh! Ouhh! Ouhh!” When you dance like that
You got that little tattoo playing peek-a-boo on your back
Yea! If you want to impress me, baby, here’s my plan
All you got to do is put a drink in my hand

Yea! Fill it on up or throw it down
When you drive me home, take the long way around
You be my Lois Lane; I’ll be your Superman
All you got to do is put a drink in my hand

My head Monday morning that alarm clock sings
It goes bang, bang, bang, while it ring, ring, rings
Yea! I’ll let it all roll, if you wanna rock again
All you got to do is put a drink in my hand

Yea! Fill it up or throw it down
I got a little hungover, still hanging around
That hair of a dog is howling, “Hey! There man!”
I’ll you got to do is put a drink in my hand
That hair of a dog is howling, “Hey! There man!”
All you got to do is put a drink in my hand
Haaa! Ouuu! Hhhh!


The swimming pool is half the size of an Olympic pool with two diving boards. Flamingo does not enjoy jumping from dry land into wet water, like his brother Cinco.
He moseys around the pool concrete and watches the children and some teens play in the pool water, finding an empty chaise lounge chair and then stops. He stares down at the chaise lounge chair in the color of solid white that reflects the bright sunlight. The size of the chaise lounge chair is intriguing to his brain cells.
The swimming pool chaise lounge chair sit slightly upright and display numerous vertical straps over the back rest, seat, and leg section. However, the shape reminds Flamingo of his personal ratty, worn, and brown-tinted, chaise lounge chair inside the second floor Pig Pen setting, at his home.
He exhales with annoyance from his historical mental thoughts and slams the white towel over the vertical straps on the pool lounge chair that faces the bright sunshine. He sits down and then lies back, closing his two eyelids, enjoying the heated sunrays and exhales with the pleasure of leisure.
For eighteen years, Flamingo was enrolled at an academic school environment or played in a sporting game or studied for a test or attended some type of social event at his school or in his church or at his home. Now, he can relax his mind and enjoy the motion of doing nothing for a few more days, until the first day of college on June, the first.

At 04:55 p.m., Flamingo wiggles side to side on top of his back spine and fanny stirring awake from the loud noise, a group of obnoxious teenagers inside the swimming pool water. His two eyelids blink up and shut and as his two eyeballs focus on the swimming pool and rows of occupied chairs of sunbathers and guests at the hotel. The sun is still bright in the month of May. The air is still heated.
During the late spring months in the year, the sun falls down at eight o’clock in the evening.
He wipes off the dripping mouth drool with his hand slowly sitting upright inside the chair, inhaling the smell of pool chorine chemicals and numerous sweaty bodies among the smog particles from the city air. He hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Everything She Wants was released in the year 1984, by the British pop duo named Wham!
The musical song was written and produced by George Michaels. He wrote the drum pattern and found a synthesizer program and created the vocals inside his hotel room in one night.


I’ve had enough of danger
And people on the streets
I’m looking out for angels
Just trying to find some peace
Now, I think it’s time
That you let me know
So, if you love me
Say, you love me
But if you don’t just let me go

Because, teacher
There are things, that I don’t want to learn
And the last one, I had
Made me cry
So, I don’t want to learn to
Hold you; touch you
Think that you’re mine
Because, it ain’t no joy
For an uptown boy
Whose teacher has told him goodbye, goodbye, goodbye

When you were just a stranger
And I was at your feet
I didn’t feel the danger
Now, I feel the heat
That look in your eyes
Telling me, no
So, you think, that you love me
Know that you need me
I wrote the song; I know it’s wrong
Just let me go

And teacher
There are things
That I don’t want to learn
O! The last one, I had
Made me cry
So, I don’t want to learn to
Hold you; touch you
Think, that you’re mine
Because, it ain’t no joy
For an uptown boy
Whose teacher has told him goodbye, goodbye, goodbye

So, when you say, that you need me
That you’ll never leave me
I know, you’re wrong; you’re not that strong
Let me go

And teacher
There are things
That I still have to learn
But the one thing, I have is my pride
O! So, I don’t want to learn
Hold you; touch you
Think, that you’re mine
Because, there ain’t no joy
For an uptown boy
Who just isn’t willing to try?

I’m so cold
Inside
Maybe just one more try
Leave


The city of Birmingham is listed with a moderate air control quality indicator, which is dangerous for any person that possesses a set of sensitive sinus nostrils or has difficulty in breathing.
However, the new or bad air quality does not affect the lungs on Flamingo. But he does notice the ting of unique smells in the air waves through a pair of country clean nostrils.
He stands upright from the chair and produces a waking yawn, grabbing the towel, moving ahead and exits the swimming pool, not missing the loud noises from the annoying guests.
His body is nicely suntanned without any type of red blistering condition and as he slowly moves ahead and struts back down a crowded lobby hallway of paying guests and employed workers, hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Like a Virgin was released on the studio album the same name, Like a Virgin, on November 12, 1984, by the American musical pop artist Madonna. The musical song was written by Tom F. Kelly and Billy E. Steinberg. The musical song produced by Niles Rodgers. The musician played Pop Rock and Dance Rock sounds.


I made it through the wilderness
Somehow, I made it through
Didn’t know how lost I was
Until I found you
I was beat
Incomplete
I’d been had, I was sad and blue

But you made me feel
Yeah, you made me feel
Shiny and new (Hoo!)
Like a virgin
Touched for the very first time
Like a virgin
When your heart beats
Next to mine

Gonna give you all my love, boy
My fear is fading fast
Been saving it all for you
Cause, only love can last
You’re so fine
And you're mine
Make me strong, yeah, you make me bold

O! Your love thawed out
Yeah! Your love thawed out
What was scared and cold
Like a virgin. Hey!
Touched for the very first time
Like a virgin
With your heartbeat
Next to mine

Whoa
Whoa! Ah!
Whoa!

You’re so fine
And you’re mine
I’ll be yours
Until the end of time

Cause, you made me feel
Yeah! You made me feel
I’ve nothing to hide

Like a virgin. Hey!
Touched for the very first time
Like a virgin
With your heartbeat
Next to mine

Like a virgin. O! O!
Like a virgin
Feels so good inside
When you hold me
And your heart beats
And you love me
O! O! O!
O! O! O!


At 05:10 p.m., Flamingo halts and waits for the elevator carriage. The elevator doors open. He enters a lightly crowded carriage and stands in the side wall reaching out, touching each button number from each yelling hotel guest. He touches the button for his floor and stops in the rear wall, staring at the crowded hallway and continues to hear the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Knock Three Times was released in the year 1970, by the American musical band named Dawn, featuring the band members of Tony Orlando, Toni Wine, and Linda November. The musical song was produced by Tony Orlando. The musical song was written by Irwin Levine and Russel L. Brown.
Musical singer and producer Tony Orlando had worked for another rival record company hearing a new musical song performed by a different musical artist. Then he formed the musical band Dawn and the three new singers recorded the musical song becoming a mega success for the band members.
The two songwriters Irwin Levine and Russel L. Brown wrote a musical theme song about tenement living. A woman lives in the apartment below a man. The man has no clue as to the girl’s romantic feelings, so he asks her to respond by either knocking three times on the ceiling tiles, with an affirmative answer, or banding twice on the lead pipe, with a negative answer.


Hey, girl! Wha’cha doing down there?
Dancing alone every night
While I live right above you

I can hear your music playing
I can feel your body swaying
One floor below me
You don't even know me
I love you

O, my darling
Knock three times
On the ceiling. if you want me
Mmm! Hmm!
Twice on the pipe
If the answer is no

O, my sweetness
Means, you’ll meet me in the hallway
Oh! Oh! Twice on the pipe
Means, you ain't gonna show

If you look out your window tonight
Pulling the string with the note
That’s attached to my heart

Read, how many times I saw you
How in my silence I adore you!
And only in my dreams did that wall
Between us come apart

O, my darling
Knock three times
On the ceiling, if you want me
Mmm! Hmm! Twice on the pipe
If the answer is no

O, my sweetness
Means, you’ll meet me in the hallway
Oh! Oh! Twice on the pipe
Means, you ain’t gonna show

Whoa! I can hear the music playing
I can feel your body swaying
One floor below me
You don’t even know me
I love you

O, my darling
Knock three times
On the ceiling, if you want me
Oh! Oh! Twice on the pipe
If the answer is no? (I love you. I love you. I love you.)

O, my sweetness
Means, you’ll meet me in the hallway
Mmm! Hmm! Twice on the pipe
Means, you ain’t gonna show


The elevator doors slide close. The carriage rises up and then smoothly stops at each floor.
On the 14th floor, Flamingo exits the elevator carriage and moseys back to his room, entering the cold air-conditioned setting He immediately showers off the sweat and grime, changing into the green tinted, short-sleeved, Burn U tee shirt, wrapping one of the clean, dry towels around his private parts and his fitted waistline.
In hindsight, he should have planned the escape with a set of additional clean clothes.
He exits the steamy bathroom setting, after washing the swimming trunks and his only pair of underwear and then stops in front of the bed mattress, stripping down the bedcovers, exposing the white-tinted bed linens. He sits on top of the bed linens and reaches out, picking up the receiver on the landline telephone sounding with amusing chuckle.
His former home displays an old-fashioned, land-line residential, pink-tinted, princess telephone inside the den room, where Arie uses for all of her business calls that affect the farm crops and farm animals. Her sons, like the rest of the world teens, call a person or a place on a personal mobile telephone.
He finds the feel of the smooth handle tucking into his eardrum both silky and soft, like a teen girl’s butt cheek.
He dials the front registration desk. “Hello! This is room number 1414. Please send up by room service a plate of food, including a well-done steak, a baked potato with butter and cream cheese, corn on the cob, a stack of green beans, a garden salad, and a piece of pecan pie and three tumblers of sweet milk.”
He pauses and listens to the voice at the other end of the telephone receiver.
“Thank you!”
He hangs the telephone receiver back down inside the cradle and leans back with a smile, slamming his back spine into the front headboard which does not shake the bed frame. He wiggles his ass down into the comfortable bed linen for the rest of the early and late evening. His mind feels empty of thoughts and as his body is tired from exhaustion, which is a good sign that he will sleep peaceful tonight.
He leans over and grabs the new novel, purchased at the gift shop. He examines the front cover on the book displaying a solid white background, without any type of hand drawing or computer graphic design. At the top of the book in big, bold black letters, the novel title reads: The Quartet, Tom.
The middle to lower half of the book space displays the name of the writer showing in a sky blue-tinted cursory writing format: Ela.
Flamingo likes the design style on the simple novel. The exterior book cover is glossy in shine, smooth to the touch, and is colored in white tint. White hue is pure and innocent, without a sinful blemish. However, the four main fictional characters inside the crime novel are not pure and innocent, without a sinful blemish.
He flips the novel to see the back cover displaying a solid white space, without a photograph of the writer or a detail of the plot. Flamingo does not care to use the internet and research the face on an unknown person or the location of the author’s home. This particular author has elected not to taint the exterior book white-tinted cover with a busy computer graphic or a wordy plot summary or her ugly or pretty face that does not convey the interior moods or missions of each main character between the numerous cream-colored pages.
The exterior book cover of white is simple and elegant that seriously clashes inside the novel with the four main characters, who are bold, brave, and brash in both their physical appearance and their nasty or nice personality.
Flamingo enjoys reading a physical novel as opposed to viewing the typed words inside an electronic reading machine. He can sweat on the page, drool on the sentence, and fold the page at the corner down at his favorite part, within the novel, and then come back and re-read for fun. He enjoys re-reading his favorite parts inside a novel, when he is bored or wanting to escape the world.
He opens the page and sees the novel title, flipping through each page of useless trademarks and reader’s notes, and then stops, reading the summary of the plot.
This particular author does not publish the book summary on a clean white back cover. The summary is printed inside the interior of book, which is the page, before the start of the storyline, which makes sense within his smart brain cells.
If he ever desires to write a fictional or factual novel, then he plans to use that unique format style. Flamingo chuckles with amusement at his new set of internal thoughts, which do not involve academic tests or football plays or his two brothers or his mother Arie.
Flamingo has read the storyline before and will enjoy re-reading the storyline tonight here alone inside an empty hotel room without his two brothers while eating his supper meal. He always enjoys reading and eating at the same time.
The book novel is 462 printed pages with seven pages of wasted paper. This particular author does not use a chapter header that separates each chapter section. The Quartet novel is typed out in a calendar date and time format, where a set of events occurs within the same day and night time hours, like in your real life. Then, the next day explains a next set of events which affects the characters. The biggest advantage of the date and time format, without a chapter head, is the amount of non-wasted pages.
This first story of The Quartet, without an individual chapter header, starts on page seven and ends on page 461, which is 455 full pages of action, blood, murder, action, mystery, fun, adventure, sex, romantic, and crime.
Flamingo dislikes reading a novel, where most of the novel is extra white bordering before each chapter header and then after the chapter ends, which cuts into the character action down to a set of limited pages. This particular author moves the action sequence from one day and time period into the next day and time period affecting all the major and minor characters.
Flamingo can read a single page of words at one minute and eighteen seconds or 78 seconds. The novel is 455 pages long, so it will take him almost ten hours to finish the first novel.
The Quartet novels have six books that showcase the adventures of the four main characters.
Cinco had found the first novel of the infamous Quartet wondering around the internet, one evening. He hadn’t heard of the author but was intrigued by the location of the story plot located in the hot, sizzling city of Miami, within the U.S. State of Florida.
Cinco and his two brothers were birthed in the city of Homestead, twenty miles south from metro city Miami. Cinco always enjoyed reading numerous books about his home state of Florida as he had moved away from Homestead at the age of two years old. So, he really didn’t have a chance to enjoy his birth place or his birth state as the Americans would say.
Cinco also owns the entire hard book collection of The Quartet novels, which is kept underneath his bed mattress frame while he enjoys re-reading each novel during his boring nights, without studying for his academic examinations.
On top of rented hotel bed mattress, Flamingo reads in silence the plot summary wearing a happy smile.



A crime drama

The blood, sweat, and tears come from the other guy or gal….

The Quartet is Austin, Stu, Frank, and Tom. Four men, with equal talents, but varied skills, who live, work, and play in hot sizzling Miami, Florida, U.S.A.

Franklin Ferdinand Mangrove, the third is a life time brother, a permanent business partner, and the peaceful neighbor of Austin.

Stuart Thant Gage, the third is a life time brother, a permanent business partner, and the protective neighbor of Austin.

Thomas Edison Sawyer, the third is a life time brother, a permanent business partner, and the troublesome neighbor of Austin.

Austin Bartholomew Berrington, the fourth is the first born, non-biological brother, the head of the business, and the boss of the Quartet.

The men call themselves, the Band of Brothers, but they are not four biological siblings. They are blood brothers like their individual biological great-grandfather, in the year 1838, within the wild forests of northern Florida, who had formed the first blood pact.

Presently, the fourth generation of the Quartet, the four billionaire brothers own and operate one-fourth of an international security company. The business venture is named Quartet Associates, but the owners are sometimes dubbed by their dying enemies and their sneering foes as Quartet Assholes.

Currently, Austin, Tom, Frank, and Stu are using their brains, their balls, and their billions to find the mysterious killer of Austin’s godson at the local Charity Hospital.




On top of the bed covers, Flamingo flips to the next page, silently reading the first page.




Monday May 31st


10:38 p.m.
Charity Kendall Hospital oncology nursing floor setting
City of Kendall, U.S. State of Florida
Warm temperatures and clear bright sunshine

The closed door sounded with a knock and then opened. The bright hall light crept into the room as the wheels squeaked on the rolling cart over the hard tile.
A female appeared inside the archway of the private hospital room saying with a smile and a nod. “Hey, kid!”
“Hey.” The child wore a leg cast with a set of sticky patches of smiley faces and colorful handwritten signatures of his school friends, reading a comic book inside his hospital bed, smiling at the pictures.
“Clifford, right, kid?” She moved ahead presenting a smile and an object strolling into a private hospital room on the oncology floor.
Clifford looked up with a puzzled brow to see her. “Ya know me?”
“Chart, kid,” She moved forward and thumbed back over her collar bone to the clip board in the door slot still presenting a smile and an object.
“O yeah,” He giggled with a smile, returning back to read the comic book inside the hospital bed.
“Cookies, kid?” She moved closer, extending a plate of freshly baked cookies.
“Cookies!” His hand, the plate, and her fingers reached out and then intersected as he yelled. “Ouch, hot!” He dropped the cookie on top the hospital tray beside the comic book and cuddled rubbing an aching hand, staring at her and presented his confused brow.
“Hot plate, kid,” She sat a milk carton next to the plate of cookies presenting a grin and a giggle.
“No! Your hand’s hot.” He cuddled and rubbed his aching fingers presenting a puzzled brow.
She back stepped from the hospital bed and displayed a puzzled brow, wearing a pink and white uniform from the hospital supply closet, “Hurt, kid?”
“Naw, stings a little.” He reached down and grabbed one of the cookies from the heated plate, eating and chewed the warm dough as she reached for his leg caste. He spat cookie crumbs over the blanket, “Don’t! Hurts from the shots.”
“What happened? Did your mom hit ya, kid?” She chuckled with a nod.
He chewed the food with a sour frown. “My mom’s sweet and nice. She’d never do that. She loves me.”
“Ya got pushed out a tree, kid?” She sniggered with a grin.
He pointed up to the ceiling saying with a nod and a smile. “No! Jumped high up, way up on my bike, smashed the bone,” he pointed down to his leg caste presenting a grin and a giggle. “Here! Didn’t cry. My mom fainted. My dad grabbed me. So cool, bone sticking out. Blood on my leg, me, my dad, the car, the floor, everywhere. So cool! Can’t wait to show my pals at school.” He bit into the cookie and chewed with a grin feeling falling food particles land on his hospital clothes.
“Good adventure, kid!” She smiled with a nod.
“Kid?” He chewed with a sour frown. “Ya talk funny.”
“Parents, kid?” She turned and scanned his empty hospital room.
He shook his skull with a smile. “Told them to stay home! Not scared! My mom cried. Can’t stand that. Girls. Just a bone. Told my dad to stay with my mom. I’m brave and cour...age...ous. I’m ten years old going to the fifth grade. Afraid of nothin’ like ghosts, witches, or ugly nurses,” he giggled, spitting more cookie crumbles on his gown, the tray, and the bed sheets.
“Tough, kid! Ya know, big old hospitals, like this one, is haunted with souls of the dead?” She turned and chuckled with a nod into his smile.
He shook his bone skull again and smiled. “Won’t work! Not scared!” He giggled with a smile, spitting out more cookie crumbles from his laughing lips.
“Fearless, kid,” She smiled with a nod.
He slapped a chest saying with a smile and a nod. “Yeah, that’s me, the fearless Clifford Milton Burton, the third,” he chewed the cookie with laughter.
“Moving along, kid,” She back stepped with a smile and a nod from his hospital bed and then backed up into a quiet and empty hallway.
“Good night, lady.” Clifford Milton Burton, the third smiled and chewed the cookie. The door closed in front of her face. She turned to face an empty hallway and moved ahead shoving her squeaky cart down to the next hospital patient room presenting a smile and a snigger of delight.



Tuesday June 1st

2:31 a.m.
Home of Austin Bartholomew Berrington, IV
One Coral Lane
City of Coral Beach, U.S. State of Florida
Master bedroom setting
Waning moon, warm temperatures with cloudy night sky


“Cliffy!” He sat up and rubbed the sweat from his face with both hands inside his master bedroom.
“Another bad dream, sweetie,” she sat up, jiggling a pair of naked breasts side to side, blinking her two eyelashes within the dull light of his master bedroom.
He gasped for air, “My godson! A girl, a girl with dark hair, again, I saw it again.” He stared at the far wall which was painted in sissy peach colors.
“Allow me to relax you, sweetie,” she turned with a grin and rubbed his naked back muscles using her soft hands.
He sounded with a moan from the nice massage of her warm hands, closing his two eyelids, purging a third nightmare of his godson Cliffy, who was dead inside a set of white-colored bed sheets. She removed her hands then flipped sideways dropping down returning back into a deep slumber.
Austin turned in the opposite direction of the adult female and settled his tense neck muscles and his dizzy skull back down into the soft satiny pillow case, slowly drifting off to sleep.


9:03 a.m.
City of Coral Beach, U.S. State of Florida
Hot temperatures and three miles-per-hour easterly winds
   with bright sunshine


Away from the hustle and bustle of Highway One, the city of Coral Beach resides in Miami-Dade County, boasting a mayor, a sheriff, a physician, and a lawyer underneath a fake domed city hall. The gated community boasts other unique facilities, such as, a couple of jail cells, an interrogation room, a weapons room, a firing hole, a library, and an art museum.
The beachside city houses a fire department, a helicopter pad, a vehicle and boat garage, a gardener atrium, a mechanic machine and equipment shop, and a postal station. There are numerous house servant residential houses surrounded by a state-of-the-art security alarm system too.
The alarm system is hidden inside a set of two distinct iron and concrete decorative sentry security gates.
The landscape entrance into the lovely and lush beachside city of Coral Beach from the east roadside of Highway One nicely intersects at the first sentry gate, where a pair of armed and smiling guards block and then inspect a set of any warmly welcomed visitors or coldly un-welcomed strangers.
If the lucky party passes through the first sentry, then a second sentry gate blocks and then inspects you and your vehicle for a second round of non-fun time.
Once fully accepted and approved by the double sentry gatekeepers, the lucky party ventures down the magnificent majestic avenue of mansions to one of four formal addresses on Coral Lane. The four estates on Coral Lane are surrounded by a golf course, a tree and grassy walking park, and the bluish-green Atlantic Ocean, where both a south and an eastern sun horizon occur every dawn and dusk.
A yellow cobblestone road is named Coral Lane, paralleling a pink colored bricked walkway, displaying a set of four pastel colored mansions, consisting of neon orange, dark green, bright yellow, or a pink sissy hue.
Currently, four limousines of gold, silver, white, and black slowly drive down Coral Lane and stop at the first estate residence on One Coral Lane.

At 9:09 a.m. in the home of Austin, inside the Florida room setting, the double front doors on the bright pink mansion sailed from the double metal frames as both crystal door knobs crashed against the pale yellow colored walls.
“Damn it to hell! Damn it to hell! Damn it to hell!” Austin entered into the room and kicked a side table of wood as the fern plant and the table dropped sideways, skidding across the Mexican tile floor. Both objects abruptly halted at the bottom stair step. He moved to one of the twin side tables, holding a crystal lamp near one of the twin yellow and white striped sofas and attacked with the same leather again. The table soared up and hit the pink granite fireplace, breaking into two separate wooden staves. The crystal lamp sailed sideways in the opposite direction through the air and hit the floor, rolling and smashing in an assortment of tiny bits of glass near the broken fern pot.  Austin moved ahead, without song, deeper into his Florida room, seeking a new target, raising a bent kneecap at the next target, a low table.
“Austin!” Franklin Ferdinand Mangrove, III was a life-time brother, a permanent business partner, and the peaceful neighbor of Austin. Austin dropped the kneecap down to the floor, slumping forward his face down into his chest, viewing the helpless tile, feeling fury, hate, and revenge.
“Calm down! We all feel the same way, bro,” Stuart Thant Gage, III was a life-time brother, a permanent business partner, and the protective neighbor of Austin. Stu moved ahead and pushed Austin towards the sofa and away from the delicate table which held a glass chess set.
“Sit the fuck down, Old Man!” Thomas Edison Sawyer, III was a life-time brother, a permanent business partner, and the troublesome neighbor of Austin. He did not touch Austin, dashing to the beverage bar on the southeastern side of the Florida room. “Does anyone else want a drink at the bar?” Austin stumbled from the table and hit the sofa, sitting and placed both his elbows on top of his kneecaps with a face hidden between his palms, viewing the tile some more.
“Need I remind that the hour is nine in the morning, Tom!” Stu viewed the designer wrist watch with a sour frown.
“Know that. I have a gawd damn watch. I can tell fucking time. I learned that slick trick in elementary school as a young boy. I need something to kill the butt-ass kicking pain, Stu.” Tom stopped inside the bar and grabbed a glass tumbler from the top cabinet.
“Just one, Tom, or I’ll tell Janey.” Frank turned and frowned at Tom.
Tom turned and frowned to Frank. “You always were the shitty tattle-tailer within our band, Frank. And then Stu would kick your fucking ass for reporting us,” he laughed, dropping the ice cubes, and poured the whiskey into the tumbler.
Stu lifted and flung both his arms into the air with a smile and a chuckle, “Boom.”
Frank turned from the beverage bar and billiards table, advancing to one of twin sofas, observing Austin, who hid a skull inside the palms. Then Frank turned and frowned to Stu.
Stu turned and frowned to Tom.
Tom shook a blonde haired skull, lifting the drink and moved ahead to the billiards table on the southwest side of the grand Florida room. He stopped and placed the whiskey beverage on the edge of the billiards table, removing up the triangular rack from all the cued balls, grabbing a pool stick and licked the end with the chalk. He positioned a white cue ball in the middle of the table and aimed at the collected balls, firing with the pool stick. The white cue ball broke up all the balls from the center, scattering them into different directions without striking a single pocket.
“I’m going to the kitchen for a beverage. Frank?” Stu stood and stared at the blonde colored hair roots of Tom.
“Please bring me a bottle of dark soda along with a medium glass filled with crashed ice cubes.” Frank ordered to Stu and observed the black colored hair roots of Austin.
“Not only a fucking tattler but the classy and proper Miss Manners gent. Don’t you know real fucking men drink from the gawd damn bottle, Frank?” Tom lifted his torso from the playing field with loud laughter sipping the whiskey beverage.
“Austin!” Stu viewed the black hair roots of Austin and pivoted, disappearing into the kitchen, shaking his bald skull.
Frank turned and frowned at a set of closed front double doors. “Where are our lovely ladies?”
Tom hit the ball and expressed with a meek timber. “They’re comforting Marge at her house. Jane said not to expect them for a while, maybe not until dinner.”
“Where’s Burton?” Frank turned and frowned at the blonde hair roots of Tom.
“Making the funeral arrangements,” Tom leaned down and hit the cue ball into the right corner pocket.
Frank turned with a stern face and viewed a wall of windows, showing a grove of tear shaped green shade trees that guarded a row of picnic tables, the wooden swings, the beach hammocks, and a small battery operated refrigerator which stored both food and drink (only beer for Tom) on the golden sands of the Atlantic Ocean.
A perfect spot for young children to roam free and to play without an invasion of rude visitors, mean kids, and half naked sun bathing young girls.
The beach and park were owned by Austin, Frank, Stu, and Tom. No other foot prints were allowed on these golden beach sands.
This is an earthly paradise for a billionaire, who lives in the most beautiful spot on Earth, Miami. The weather is warm all year around for swimming, skiing, fishing, boating, sporting, shopping, jogging, walking, and playing.
And only money could buy this kind of paradise.
Frank possessed money, lots and lots of money, thanking his family ancestor of inheritance from an extremely wealthy father, a very wealthy grandfather, and a slightly wealthy great grandfather.
His great grandfather was part of clan which was called the “Fathers of Miami.”
The boys (Austin, Stu, Frank, and Tom) called themselves the “Band of Brothers” but they were not biological siblings. Instead, they were “blood” brothers.
Their four non-related biological great grandfathers, in the year 1838, formed the first eternity “bond” of human red blood as a set of four young teens. The four young teens lived among the wild farmlands and wilder forests of northern Florida near the spouting town of Tallahassee, the current state capital of Florida.
Mangrove, the first moved as a teenager from his native country of Spain with his favorite stallion and the other barn animals to the new land of America, where his father worked as an animal veterinarian and occasionally a human physician inside a rural countryside township.
Gage, the first was shipped as a slave from his home land of Africa, working on one of many southern cotton plantations, where he had escaped and headed to the wild and free lands of Florida. He bartered his new skills as a farmer inside the same rural countryside township.
Sawyer, the first came from German royalty, but he was determined to rule his own destiny in the New World rather in the Fatherland, leaving behind his royal family members and his royal family fortune. He became the rural countryside township’s mayor.
Berrington, the second traveled inside a wooden ship over the Atlantic Ocean with the other poor peasants from Great Britain, seeking freedom from British prosecution in the new land of America, expanding his trade-ship as a blacksmith inside the same rural countryside township.
Millionaire, billionaire, and zillionaire, the title was useless, now.
All of Frank’s money could not bring that young boy back to life on planet Earth.
The only child of Clifford and Marge Burton was found dead less than twenty-four hours ago inside his private hospital room. The child had been admitted for a broken leg, a non-threatening injury. Cliffy would have worn his leg cast for the required eight weeks removing it and then continuing his young playful full life into the fifth grade.
Clifford was now planning the funeral for Monday afternoon, discussing the details with the funeral director, selecting a funeral coffin, and signing the transfer papers from the hospital morgue to the funeral home, paying a seven-foot wide by eight-foot long plot of dirt for a six-foot deep hole, burying his baby boy.
Franklin Ferdinand Mangrove, the third had no heirs to his throne, yet. His wife Misty Marie and he would plan for the future happy event, not this year, maybe next year, after the pain, angry, and sadness subsided in his heart.
Time healed everything.
Present day and time and place


Hot temperatures with dull sunlight and scattered clouds
Hotel room location
06:21 p.m.


A loud knock sounds on the hotel door alerting Flamingo. He slides off the bed mattress and holds the novel moving ahead to the door, opening the metal and presents a smile. The hotel employee nods with a smile and rolls a metal tray towards the side table and then stops, spreading out the supper meal over the hard surface, spinning around to see Flamingo. Flamingo tips the young male with a fifty-dollar bill nodding in silence.
The young male looks down and gasps at the generous customer tip returning back to see Flamingo. “Do you require anything else, this evening, sir? Do you need a pair of trousers, maybe?”
Flamingo laughs then states. “No. I’m fine. Thank you! Good night!”
The young male slowly back steps from Flamingo and continues to smile and nods, in silence, exiting the hotel room, closing the door shut.
Flamingo slides down into the chair staring down at the delicious meal.
One evening during a guest visit, A.J. had tipped the pizza delivery person two fifty-dollar bills for the delivery stack of hot pizza, without blinking an eyelid or whispering a word. A.J. is a very generous man with his personal wealth.
Flamingo wants to present that same nice Christian impression. He does not mind giving away his money. His money belongs to Almighty God anyways and all the other earth objects do not ascend into heavenly realm, when a good Soul dies. So, Flamingo will remember to give generously his money and his honor with what Almighty God has given to him.
He places the book down in his lap and bows his chin down into his neck, whispering a heavenly prayer for his soul, his life, his fortune, and his set of lousy blood-related family members also.
“Yeah, amen!” he opens the two eyelids and smiles diving into the meal with one hand, lifting the book with his free hand, reading the next page and chews the items.
Friday May 15th


Birmingham Inn
   (91 miles, south, from Lacy Springs)
Hot temperatures with parted clouds of bright sunshine

1414 Hotel Room setting
09:45 a.m.


Flamingo stirs from the bright sunlight. He did not close the curtain drapes over the exposed windows during the nighttime moonlight rays while enjoying the lights of the city. His face turns to see the alarm clock on top of the side table. The time reads: 09:45 a.m.
“Shit! My checkout time is eleven in the morning. I’m staying another night.” He slides off the bed mattress and dashes into the bathroom, adding to his tee shirt, a semi-clean, dried pair of cargo pants, sliding on his pair of nasty flip-flops, flopping down his nasty baseball cap ass-backwards on top his hairy skull and then exits his hotel room.
He enters the elevator carriage and hears the familiar ancient rock and roll musical song.
The musical song entitled 1999 and released on September 24, 1982, coming from the studio album named 1999, by the American musical singer and songwriter Prince. The song was written by Prince Rogers Nelson playing for a length of 70 minutes and 33 seconds. The musical song was produced by Gus Dudgeon. The musician played Art Pop; Funk; Synthesize Pop; and R & B sounds.


Don’t worry! I won’t hurt you...
I only want you to have some fun

(I was dreaming, when I wrote this
Forgive me! If it goes astray)
But when I woke up this morning
I could have sworn it was judgment day

(The sky was all purple
There were people running everywhere)
Trying to run from the destruction
And you know I didn't even care

Cause, they say...
Two thousand. Zero. Zero. Party over oops, out of time
So tonight, I’m gonna party, like it’s 1999

I was dreaming, when I wrote this
So, sue me, if I go too fast
But life is just a party
And parties weren't meant to last

War is all around us
My mind says prepare to fight
So, if I gotta die
I’m gonna listen to my body tonight

Cause, they say…
Two thousand. Zero. Zero. Party over oops, out of time
So tonight, I’m gonna party, like it’s 1999

If you didn’t come to party
Don’t bother knocking on my door
I got a lion in my pocket
And, baby, he’s ready to roar

Everybody’s got a bomb
We could all die any day
But before I’ll let that happen

I’ll dance my life away

Cause, they say...
Two thousand. Zero. Zero. Party over oops, out of time
We’re running outta time
So tonight, we gonna, we gonna...
(Tonight, I’m gonna party. like it’s 1999)

Two thousand. Zero. Zero. Party over oops, out of time
No, no
So tonight, we gonna, we gonna...
(Tonight, I’m gonna party, like it’s 1999)

All right! It’s 1999
You say it, 1999
1999
1999! Don’t stop. Don’t stop! Say it one more time

Two thousand. Zero. Zero. Party over oops, out of time
Yeah! Yeah!
So tonight, we gonna, we gonna…
(Tonight, I’m gonna party, like it’s 1999)

Yeah, 1999!
Don’t you wanna go?
Don’t you wanna go?
We could all die any day
I don’t wanna die
I’d rather dance my life away
Listen too! What I’m trying to say?
Everybody, everybody say, party
C’mon now! You say…party
That’s right! Everybody say…(Party)
Can’t run from the revelation, no (Party)
Sing it for your nation, ya’ll! (Party!)
Tell me! What you’re singing, baby? Say! (Party)
Telephone’s a-ringing, mama! (Party!)
C’mon! C’mon! You say…(Party)
Everybody! Everybody! Everybody! (Party)
Work it down to the ground! Say! (Party)
(Party)
Come on, take my body, baby (Party)
That’s right! C’mon! Sing the song. (Party)
(Party)
That’s right! (Party)
Got a lion in my pocket mama! Say! (Party)
O! And he’s ready to roar! (Party!)

Mommy, why does everybody have a bomb?
Mommy, why does everybody have a bomb?


The elevator carriage falls down the floors and then stops at the lobby space. The doors open. Flamingo exits and paces ahead towards the registration desk while hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Midnight Train to George was released in the year 1973 by the American musical band Gladys Knight and the Pips. The musical band included Gladys Maria Knight, her brother Merald Knight, and her two cousins, William Guest and Edward Patten.


L.A. proved too much for the man
(Too much for the man)
(He couldn't make it)
So, he’s leaving the life, he’s come to know. O!

He said, he’s going back to find
(Going back to find)
What’s left of his world
The world he left behind
Not so long ago

He’s leaving (leaving)
On that midnight train to Georgia (leaving on a midnight train)
Hmm! Yeah!
Said, he’s going back (going back to find)
To a simpler place and time (and when he takes that ride)
O yes! He is (guess who’s gonna sit right by his side)

And I’ll be with him (I know you will)
On that midnight train to Georgia

(Leaving on a midnight train to Georgia)
I'd rather live in his world (live in his world)
Then live, without him in mine (world, world)
(It’s his, his and hers alone)
He kept dreaming
(Dreaming)
O! That someday, he’d be a star
(A superstar, but he didn’t get far)
But he sure found out the hard way
That dreams don’t always come true (dreams don't always come true)
O no! (Uh-uh! No! Uh-uh!)
So, he hung all his hopes
And he even sold his own car. Hmm!
Bought a one way ticket back
To the life that he once knew
O yes! He did
He said, he would
I know he’s leaving (leaving)
On that midnight train to Georgia (leaving on a midnight train)
Hmm! Yeah!
Said, he’s going back to find. O! (Going back to find)
A simpler place and time (and when he takes that ride)
(Guess who's gonna sit right by his side)
And I’m gonna be with him (I know you will)
On that midnight train to Georgia
(Leaving on the midnight train to Georgia)
I’d rather live in his world (live in his world)
Then live, without him in mine (world, world)
(It’s his, his and hers alone)

O! He’s leaving
(Leaving)
On a midnight train to Georgia
(Leaving on a midnight train)
Yeah! O! Yo!
Said, he’s going back to find
(Going back to find)
O! A simpler place and time (whenever he takes that ride)
(Guess who’s gonna be right by his side)

I’ve got to be with him
(I know you will)
On that midnight train to Georgia
(Leaving on a midnight train to Georgia)
I’d rather live in his world (live in his world)
Then live without him in mine (world, world)
(Is his, his and hers alone)
one love
(All aboard) all aboard
A midnight train to ride
(One love) one love
(All aboard) all aboard

Gotta go on the midnight train to go (midnight train to go)
(One love) one love
(All aboard) all aboard
Ah! The midnight train to go (midnight train to go)

My world (one love)
His world (all aboard)
Our world, mine and his alone (midnight train to go)
My world (one love)
His world (all aboard)
Our world, mine and his alone (midnight train to go)

I’ve got to go (one love)
I’ve got to go (all abroad)
I’ve got to go (midnight train to go)
Hey!
I’ve got to go (one love)
I’ve got to go (all abroad)
(Midnight train to go)

My world (one love)
His world (all aboard)
My man, his girl
I’ve got to go, I’ve got go
I’ve got to go


Flamingo stops and stands waiting his turn, smiling with a nod. He says, “Hello! I’m supposed to check out at eleven o’clock this morning. But I care to stay another night. Can I pay for a second night here at this lovely hotel suite?”
The morning hotel registration clerk is a tall, older female wearing a red colored hotel uniform, a head of black-tinted short hair, and tone of pale tinted skin, nodding with a smile to the male guest. She turns and types on the keyboard staring at the computer screen. She says, “Of course, sir! What is your room number, sir?”
Flamingo nods. “I’m staying in hotel room 1414.”
“You ordered a room service meal around six o’clock to your hotel room, last night, sir. Is that correct?”
“Yes, ma’am!”
The female looks up with a smile to see Flamingo. She states, “Your new bill amount is 352.89 dollars and cents, sir. This also includes a stay tonight which means a checkout at eleven o’clock, tomorrow morning.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Flamingo states and pulls out counting the cash, sliding the amount over the counter to the clerk.
The clerk accepts the money and recounts for accuracy, sliding the item down into the hidden drawer. She prints off the paid paper receipt and hands to Flamingo with a smile. The clerk states with a pleasant voice, “Enjoy your stay here, sir!”
“I will. Thank you, ma’am,” He says then backsteps spinning around from the registration desk surface, wearing a smile and moves back down the hallway, staring at the ugly art works and enters an open elevator carriage.

At 10:02 a.m., Flamingo stands back inside the open carriage and hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Our House was released on November 12, 1982 coming from the studio album named The Rise & Fall, by the British musical Pop Rock band named Madness. The song was written by Daniel Woodgate; Graham McPherson; Lee Thompson; Christopher Foreman; Michael Barson; Cathal Smyth, and Mark Bedford. The musical song was produced by Clive Langer and Alan Winstanley. The musical band played Pop Rock and New Wave sounds.


Father wears his Sunday best
Mother’s tired, she needs a rest
The kids are playing up downstairs
Sister’s sighing in her sleep
Brother’s got a date to keep
He can’t hang around

Our house, in the middle of our street
Our house, in the middle of our

Our house it has a crowd
There’s always something happening
And it’s usually quite loud
Our mum, she’s so house-proud
Nothing ever slows her down
And a mess is not allowed

Our house, in the middle of our street
Our house, in the middle of our
Our house, in the middle of our street
Our house (Something tells you)
(That you’ve got to move away from it) In the middle of our

Father gets up late for work
Mother has to iron his shirt
Then she sends the kids to school
Sees them off with a small kiss (Ah, ah, ah, ah)
She’s the one they're going to miss
In lots of ways

Our house, in the middle of our street
Our house, in the middle of our

I remember way back then
When everything was true and when
We would have such a very good time
Such a fine time, such a happy time

And I remember how we’d play
Simply waste the day away
Then we’d say nothing would come between us
Two dreamers

Father wears his Sunday best
Mother’s tired she needs a rest
The kids are playing up downstairs
Sister’s sighing in her sleep
Brother’s got a date to keep
He can’t hang around

Our house, in the middle of our street
Our house, in the middle of our street
Our house, in the middle of our street
Our house, in the middle of our

Our house, was our castle and our keep
Our house, in the middle of our street
Our house, that was where we used to sleep
Our house, in the middle of our street
Our house


Flamingo exits off the fourteenth floor and enters back into his hotel room, standing in the middle of the messy room. He whispers for his eardrums only, “The maid service can clean the room and make the messy bed. There’s nothing of personal values, but me, to steal here but my dried set of swimming trunks. Talk about a low maintenance girl! I’m a no maintenance person,” he shakes his nasty ass-backward baseball cap and smiles, “Why won’t a nice girl like Violet wanna not marry a nice fellow, like me?” He laughs with a grin and claps with happiness. He feels much better with his new life, leaving behind his old life. “I don’t get it.”
He nods. “I need to gas the car and find a plate of food. I need more money too. I’ve blown through the one thousand dollars from yesterday really fast. Good thing, I had some cash on my person from yesterday. I can’t use my bank card either. Else I’ll be tracked down like a hungry wolf for certain by Tommy Lee. He’s a smart bastard. He and my dad used to hang around as teens.” Flamingo slaps all of his hidden slanted pockets on his faded cargo pants, feeling the car keys, his wallet, and the hotel key, spinning around and then exits his hotel room.
A few minutes later, Flamingo takes the same elevator carriage hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Summertime Blues was released on July 21, 1958, by the American musical rock and roll singer, songwriter, and song producer Eddie Cochran. The musical song was written by Eddie Cochran and Jerry Neal Capehart. The musician played Rock and Roll sounds.
Musician Eddie Cochran was the first Rock and Roll musical artist to write his own musical songs and then overdub the musical tracks. He created and used a new innovation of un-wounding the third string to bend the musical notes up into a whole tone. This new musical note innovation is an essential part of the standard rock guitar vocabulary.
Eddie Cochran was on a concert tour from January to April in 1960, in the foreign country of Great Britain, returning from a musical performance, when his British taxi cab driver, on a clear night and good weather, crashed into a concrete lamp post. He protected his girlfriend from the violent impact and as his body was tossed out from the open door, killing him, on April 17, 1960, on Easter Sunday.


I’m gonna raise a fuss; I’m gonna raise a holler
About a working all summer just to try to earn a dollar
Every time, I call my baby and ask to get a date
My boss says, “No dice, son! You gotta work late!”
Sometimes, I wonder what I'm a gonna do
But there ain’t no cure for the summertime blues

Well, my mom and pop told me, “Son, you gotta make some money.”
If you want to use the car to go riding next Sunday
Well, I didn’t go to work. Told the boss, “I was sick.”
“Well, you can’t use the car, because you didn’t work a lick.”
Sometimes, I wonder what I’m a gonna do
But there ain’t no cure for the summertime blues

I’m gonna take two weeks; gonna have a fine vacation
I’m gonna take my problem to the United Nations
Well, I called my congressman and he said, “Whoa!”
“I’d like to help you, son, but you’re too young to vote.”
Sometimes, I wonder what I’m a gonna do
But there ain’t no cure for the summertime blues


Flamingo lands down inside the underground parking lot. The elevator door opens. He slowly moves ahead towards his parked car. He opens the door and slides down into the smooth leather. The car’s interior and seat cover are both nice and cool from the blazing heat.
He starts the car without blazing his neurons with one of his favorite rock and roll musical songs. Flamingo is not familiar with the busy roadways.
He carefully steers ahead from the garage building onto the main roadway, slowly driving in an eastern direction among the heavy flow of traffic. He comments, “The roadway is very really busy with numerous automobile drivers. The town of Lacy Springs is never this busy like this, even on a church day. Well, today’s Friday, a work day for the worker and a school day for the student.”
He slows the speed on the car and then turns into a gasoline station, parking at the gasoline pump. He moves inside and pays for a tank of gas, coming out, filling the tank and scans the landscape.
A row of red or brown bricked tall buildings stand on both sides on a double roadway blocking the pretty skyline as he stands underneath the veranda at the gas station pump. Back home in Lacy Springs, a person can see the pale blue skyline from any direction. Here, the buzz of speeding vehicles loudly flies up and down a double roadway, coming in all directions, going to someplace else.
“Every person inside a car is in a hurry here.” He has not anticipated the flow of traffic during his college days here in Birmingham. But he has only lived within the confide of a small town and one main roadway that holds five individual traffic lights guiding the morning and evening vehicles to school or to a work place or to the row or shopping centers.
The air waves are filled constant musical sounds, also, a ringing of numerous car horns, the whistling of many work trucks, and the occasion police car siren.
“I have never pictured a Bama city like this one. This place looks like it belongs in a Hollywood movie film.” He wipes the forming sweat balls from his forehead. “The weather’s not nice today either. The air’s hot and sticky at ten in the morning.” Flamingo taps the handle inside the gas tank for the last tiny drops of gasoline. He does not want the smell of stinky gasoline on his naked hands. He replaces the gasoline handle and returns back into the car, staring the engine, slowly moving into the swift traffic.
He drives down the roadway and quickly scans each red colored brick tall or squat building. “The city is ugly. The buildings are a mixture of both new and old architecture made of ugly brown or tan or red brick. Some streets are being repaired. Geez! I thought the university campus was pretty. But, the outskirts from the campus proper exhibits a true metro city environment of ugly people, uglier places, and the ugliest property lines without fields of green grass and rows of tall shade trees. All of Mother Nature’s trees and flowers and bushes have died here too.”
He continues to drive and circles the block a couple of times, trying to find his hotel again, seeing his bank institution instead.


Fourth Alabama Bank of Birmingham
   (three blocks south from the hotel)
hot temperatures with bright sunlight
Parking lot setting
11:22 a.m.


Flamingo pulls into the semi-empty bank parking lot and then stops, exiting the car, smiling at the new environment. He says, “This road trip is quite an adventure. It’ll take me and my neurons some time getting used to the streets and the ugly buildings, and the uglier landscape and the ugliest noises. I should tell…” he frowns then shouts at his ego, “Stop thinking of them!”
He moves ahead with a stern face into a bank building of red brick, stops, and hears the musical song.
The musical song entitled California Dreamin’ coming from the studio album If You Can Believe Your Eyes and Ears was released on December 08, 1965, by the American musical band The Mamas & The Papas. The musical song was produced by Lou Albert. The musical song was written by John Edmund Andrew Phillips and Michelle Gilliam Phillips.
The members of the band included John Edmund Andrew Phillips (vocals); Michelle Gilliam Phillips (vocals); Cass Elliot (vocals) and Denny Doherty (vocals).
The musical song was composed in the year 1963 and recorded in the key of C sharp minor and paired with an alto flute musical solo by musician Bud Shank.
The theme song talked about a couple living in the fridge New York City, during a cold winter and missing sunny California.


All the leaves are brown (all the leaves are brown)
And the sky is gray (and the sky is gray)
I’ve been for a walk (I’ve been for a walk)
On a winter’s day (on a winter’s day)
I’d be safe and warm (I’d be safe and warm)
If I was in L.A. (if I was in L.A.)

California dreaming (California dreaming)
On such a winter’s day

Stopped into a church
I passed along the way
Well, I got down on my knees (got down on my knees)
And I pretend to pray (I pretend to pray)
You know, the preacher like the cold (preacher like the cold)
He knows, I’m gonna stay (knows I’m gonna stay)

California dreaming (California dreaming)
On such a winter’s day

All the leaves are brown (all the leaves are brown)
And the sky is gray (and the sky is gray)
I’ve been for a walk (I’ve been for a walk)
On a winter’s day (on a winter’s day)
If I didn’t tell her (if I didn’t tell her)
I could leave today (I could leave today)

California dreaming (California dreaming)
On such a winter’s day (California dreaming)
On such a winter’s day (California dreaming)
On such a winter’s day


Flamingo stands in line for his turn at the bank teller window. Both the exterior and interior materials within bank building are very similar to the one in Lacy Springs, but the lines of people are much longer. He shuffles ahead and stands in front of the glass protection panel with a short, brown-haired, dark-skinned female, jerking out his personal cash bank card and then slides the card down into the machine slot, pressing the button for one thousand dollars.
Behind the bullet-proof window, the bank teller frowns at Flamingo. “Your cash limit is three hundred dollars-per-day.”
Flamingo looks up with a smile. “Yes, that is correct, ma’am. My cash bank card is three hundred dollars-per-day. When I access the teller window, my cash limit is one thousand dollars-per-day. I would like to withdraw one thousand dollars outta of bank account please.”
She frowns again. “Sir, your cash limit is three hundred dollars-per-day. I am electronically cancelling your bank transaction for one thousand dollars-per-day. Please, input only the number of three hundred dollars per day, which is your cash limit.”
He smiles. “Miss, I can receive up to one thousand dollars-per-day. I pulled out one thousand dollars from my bank in at home.”
“Then, why do you need another one thousand dollars-per-day?”
He nods. “I have almost spent the first set of one thousand dollars, so I need more money. I’m on vacation here in Birmingham.”
She frowns. “Sir, you look too young to be on vacation. Where’s your personal bank card?”
“Yes. I…”
She frowns. “Is your mother with you here inside the bank?”
He laughs and outlines the row of white tinted capital words BURN U on his tee shirt. “No. I’m on vacation, alone and by myself. I’m a student at Burn U.”
She extends her hand and wears a sour frown. “Sir, please show me your bank card and your personal driver’s license! Do you really have a bank account here?”
“Yes.” Flamingo whips out his driver’s license and hands the item to the rude bank teller.
She studies the driver’s license. “I’ll get my bank supervisor. You’re not from here in Birmingham. We do things a little different here, sir.”
“All right!” He stands with a smile and looks back over his collar bone at the line of people. He’s not wrong about the money. Arie has not denied him access to his bank account. He is not stealing any monies but feels sorry for the long lines of bank customers that need money transactions as he’s taking the time away from the bank teller.
A tall, plump, dark-skinned and dark-haired bank manager follows the female bank teller from a side room, waving both of Flamingo’s items near her frown. “Young man, where is your mother or your father?”
Flamingo frowns. “My mother is not located here. She lives in the city of Lacy Springs. I’m a student here at Burn U. And I have a bank account here, since I was born. I think.”
The bank manager exits from the bank teller counter and then moves ahead crossing the lobby room, heading into a wall of open enclosed rooms. She orders. “Please, follow me, young man!” Flamingo moves out of line and then follows the older female.

At 11:19 a.m., inside a private bank office setting, a long wooden desk stands in front of a short glass window exposing a black tinted parking lot with numerous parked cars. Two cloth chairs hold an individual on top of the green and brown fabric standing in front of the desk. On the rear wall, a side table kisses two additional chairs. The female bank manager enters the private room and then waits for Flamingo, slowly closing the office door. She scoots ahead and lectures to Flamingo, “Young man, you do not live here in Birmingham. Your driver’s license shows the city of Lacy Springs. Where is the city of Lacy Springs located at, sir?” She sits behind the wooden desk. The desk holds a black tinted computer laptop, a gray-tinted business telephone unit, a short desk lamp, and a short stack of papers beside the laptop.
Flamingo sits down in one of front chairs and grins at the unfamiliar bank manager. “My home town of Lacy Springs is located ninety miles north of Birmingham.”
She lifts up the bank card with a sour frown. “Where did you get this bank card?”
“I…”
She sneers, “Sir, this bank card is colored in candy pink with a row of white flowers. This is a personal bank card for a female, not a male. Where did you go this bank card? Is this your mother’s bank card? You cannot use your mother’s bank card without her person present and her verbal permission.”
“I know.” He smiles. “My bank card came from my bank institution in Lacy Springs. The bank card has my name on it which matches my driver’s license.”
She frowns. “I can see that. And I can see that a driver’s license can be forged to match any type of bank card.”
He gasps. “O! You’re welcome to call my bank in Lacy Springs to verify my name and my bank account.”
She turns and presses a set of buttons saying with a nasty tone, “Yes, I’ll be doing that right now, after I call the police.” She frowns then states. “And I cannot see how a young man of barely eighteen years old has a bank account of millions of dollars.”
He gasps. “O! I didn’t know my bank account had millions of dollars. And I do not see why you need to call the police as I am who I am,” Flamingo softy chuckles with amusement.
The door sounds with a loud knock.
“Enter!” The bank manager continues to sit and yells out loud with fury. The office door slides open and reveals two blue-uniformed police officers. She waves them into her office and says with a nod. “Thank you, officers, for coming here, so quickly! Please, sit down in the two chairs on the entrance wall of my office.” The two police officers enter inside and sit down, staring at the rear skull on Flamingo in silence.
Flamingo leans back in the sitting chair expressing a smile of intrigue. He’s actually going to be interrogated as a bank thief.
She points at Flamingo and sounds with a sneer, staring and says to the two police officers. “This is the young man that possesses a bank account cash credit, which can access millions of dollars.” The bank manager leans over and picks up the landline receiver on the telephone, dialing the telephone business number to the Lacy Springs Bank.
The bank manager places the conversation on the speaker box. A bank employee in Lacy Springs answers the phone saying with a pleasure female voice, “Good morning! This is the Fourth National Alabama Bank of Lacy Springs. How may I direct your banking needs today?”
She frowns. “This is the bank manager at your sister bank, the Fourth National Bank of Birmingham. I am trying to verify a bank account for a teenager, who is named Breck Freehurst McCory.”
From the speaker box on the office telephone, the female bank employee at the Lacy Springs Bank replies on the telephone. “Which Breck Freehurst McCory is it?”
She frowns. “I beg your pardon. What does that question mean?”
“There are three individual Breck Freehurst McCory teens designated with a Roman numeral number. There is the third, the fourth, and the fifth.”
The bank manager gasps in shock and looks down examining the two pieces of identification. “His driver’s license shows the Roman numeral four or the fourth.”
The bank employee in Lacy Springs gasps and states on the telephone call. “Flamingo, is that you, honey? Are you on this telephone call also?”
The bank manager sneers then states with a nasty tone. “No! Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth is outside my office. He is not talking on this telephone call. Can you describe the teen?”
The bank employee in Lacy Springs sneers back then states to the bank manager. “You are holding his driver’s license and his person hostage inside your bank lobby, ma’am. Can’t you see that his driver’s license and his person display the same picture? For goodness sake’s, ma’am, do you need a pair of seeing eyeglasses?”
She sneers. “I am investigating a bank thief here inside my bank building, lady.”
The bank employee in Lacy Springs gasps then states. “What does that mean, ma’am? I demand to speak to Flamingo right now.”
She growls. “I want to make certain that I have the correct Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth. Describe the teen!”
The bank employee in Lacy Springs giggles then states over the speaker receiver. “Flamingo looks like his two teenage brothers. He is a tall and handsome lad with a head of blonde hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of suntanned skin. O! Flamingo likes to wear a nasty-looking baseball cap, ass-backwards. Is that description good enough for your stupid neurons or your pair of old eyeballs, Miss Fourth Bank of Birmingham Bank Manager?”
She sneers, “Yeah!” The two police officers and Flamingo softly snigger.
The bank employee in Lacy Springs laughs then says on the speaker phone. “And Flamingo and his two brothers will become a set of college students at Birmingham University, in the month of June, after graduating from the local high school here in the small town of Lacy Springs. And Flamingo and his two brothers are also a set of trust fund babies. Do you know what that term, trust fund babies, means, Miss Fourth Bank of Birmingham Bank Manager?”
“Yeah!”
The bank employee within the town of Lacy Springs chuckles then states on the telephone speaker. “His mother Arie and his father Breck, Junior set up a trust fund for each one of their sons the moment the baby was pushed out the birth canal. Clearly, you have never experienced childbirth and have not ever set up a trust fund for a baby. So, each brother is worth three hundred million dollars today. Do you understand that great big math number, Miss Fourth Bank of Birmingham Bank Manager? And his mother Arie McCory is a billionaire and places all of her billions here inside the Fourth National Bank of Lacy Springs. Do you know what a billionaire is, Miss Fourth Bank of Birmingham Bank Manager? So, if you do happen to engage multi-millionaire teen Flamingo at our sister bank in Birmingham for any banking issue, then you need to remember that he can take his millions of dollars from us and place his millions down into another bank along with his mom and her billions of dollars. I do not believe that your bank supervisor will be happy to hear about that.”
She sneers. “I’ll remember that. Thanks for your time!”
The bank employee in Lacy Springs shouts out loud. “Hey! Flamingo…”
The telephone connection becomes terminated by the Fourth Bank of Birmingham bank manager. She frowns then states to Flamingo. “I guess, you’re the right McCory.”
Flamingo smiles, “Yes ma’am!”
The manager turns and frowns to the two police officers. “Thanks for your time, officers!”
The first police officer stands upright from the chair and moves ahead, patting the collar bone on Flamingo nodding to the bank manager with a smile, “Anytime!” The second police officer follows and closes the door.
The bank manager exhales. “I am sorry.”
He smiles. “Don’t worry about it! I like that you investigate money matters immediate that concerns the bank, the bank employees and the bank customers, like me, very quickly. I feel safe here and my money feels safe here. I was not worried. I am not a bank thief.”
She exhales. “That…that’s a very flexible attitude, sir. What do you need from the bank?”
“I need to withdraw one thousand dollars from my bank account. And how do you know that I possess millions of dollars. My bank account on the cash machine only shows amount of a little less than 250,000 dollars.”
She smiles. “You have a trust fund which does not show on the electronic screen. You are seeing only one of many bank accounts in your name.”
He nods. “O! Thanks for sharing that information with me.”
She frowns. “Why didn’t your mother or father tell you about your trust fund?”
He exhales. “My father is deceased. And my mother…”
She nods. “I am sorry. I’ll get the money right away for you, Mr. McCory. You stay right here. I’ll be back in a moment,” the bank manager exits the room.
Flamingo nods. “Thanks!”
The office door closes shut.
Flamingo sits in the chair and stares out the window at the blistering heated day. Arie had not told her son the amount of the inheritance or the immediate availability of funds.
The bank manager quickly returns and provides Flamingo with the cash and his two items, nodding with a smile. “Here is your money, Mr. McCory.”
He smiles. “Please call me, Flamingo. I’ll be banking here at this branch a lot as I’m a new Burn U student, starting the summer college session. Thank you for your service, ma’am!” He stands upright and pockets the cash inside the wallet with the other two items.
She stares at Flamingo. “I was wondering…”
He lifts up the candy pink colored bank card with the row of white flowers near his smile and laughs. “Why is my personal bank card colored in girly pink with cute flowers? Well if a male was to steal my bank card, then he would never use it as the vendor would probably laugh his ass off first, then the merchant would call the police. As no male would ever carry and be caught dead or alive with a girly pink tinted bank card. If a girl steals my personal bank card in pink hue, she would have to present a piece of identification with my long male name or forge my long male name with the Roman number. Then, the merchant would become suspicious and hold the bank card and the female thief, while calling the police. The chance of my personal bank card become stolen is average. But the chance of my personal bank card becoming used is less than one fourth of a percentage point.”
She nods with a smile. “That’s very clever, Flamingo. I might suggest that idea to some of our wealthy clients also. You’re a smart young male. What are you majoring in at Burn U?”
He smiles. “I’m going to become a medical physician and open my own practice and save millions of sick lives.”
She nods, “An excellent endeavor, sir! Have a nice day, Flamingo!”
“I will,” he nods. “You have a good day, also, ma’am!” He spins around and exits the bank.
Inside the parking lot at the bank, he slides down into his car and cranks the engine with laughter. “That was really strange and weird. But I’m now living in the city, not the country. The city folks do things differently here.” He pulls out onto the roadway and drives slowly with heavy traffic, turning into one of the fast food restaurants, stopping at the ordering station. There are six vehicles ahead of him. “Wow! Everyone is busy at their job or going to do something. I don’t know if I wanna drive around the city right now. I don’t wanna cause a car accident as I’m not familiar with the streets.” He advances the car ahead, places the order of food, and then pays for the sack of food leaving the fast food restaurant parking lot.
He slowly drives back towards his hotel building, after getting lost three times on the unfamiliar roadways. Some of the roadways only lead into one direction. He parks underneath the cool shade of the underground garage setting keeping out the heated day saying with a deep sigh. “Yeah, that was a really smart move, ditching the cell phone,” he opens the car door with laughter and slides out, closing the door and locks the doors. He strolls towards the underground elevator and enters the carriage, hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled If I Could Turn Back Time was released July 1, 1989, coming from the studio album named Heart of Stone, by the American roll and rock musical artist Cher. The song was written by Diane Warren. The musical song was produced by Guy Roche.


I could turn back time
If I could find a way
I’d take back those words that’ll hurt you and you’d stay
I don’t know why I did the things I did
I don’t know why I said the things I said
Love’s like a knife it can cut deep inside
Words are like weapons, they wound sometimes

I didn’t really mean to hurt you
I didn’t want to see you go
I know I made you cry, but baby

If I could turn back time
If I could find a way
I’d take back those words that’d hurt you
And you’d stay
If I could reach the stars
I’d give them all to you
Then you’d love me, love me, like you used to do
If I could turn back time

My world was shattered I was torn apart
Like someone took a knife and drove it deep in my heart
You walked out that door I swore that I didn’t care
But I lost everything darling then and there

Too strong to tell you I was sorry
Too proud to tell you I was wrong
I know that I was blind,
And darling

If I could turn back time
If I could find a way
I’d take back those words that’ll hurt you
And you’d stay
If I could reach the stars
I’d give them all to you
Then you’d love me, love me, like you used to do. O!

If I could turn back time
If I could turn back time
If I could turn back time. Whoa baby!

I didn’t really mean to hurt you
I didn’t want to see you go
I know I made you cry, but baby

If I could turn back time
If I could find a way
I’d take back those words that hurt you
If I could reach the stars
I’d give them all to you
Then you'd love me, love me, like you used to do

If I could turn back time
If I could find a way
Then maybe, maybe, maybe
You’d stay
(Reach the stars) If I could reach the stars
(All to you) I’d give them all to you

Flamingo travels the moving carriage upwards to his hotel floor.


Birmingham Inn
14th floor level
1414 hotel room
11:40 a.m.


Flamingo exits the elevator carriage and moves down the long corridor. The noisy hallway is busy with numerous roaming hotel guests and a few working employees, who clean each hotel room. He stops with a smile and slides the hotel key down into the slot, opening the door, entering the room.
The room has been cleaned. The bed has been dressed. The trash can is emptied. The window curtains are open. He moves ahead and sits down on the arm of the chair, spreading out the sack of food, eating and chews while viewing the skyline of tall buildings.
The sky is colored pale blue hue. The clouds are scattered in white tint. Right below the row of clouds, each tall rooftop on a row of crooked tall buildings in tan or brown or red brick appear like it touches the row of clouds, but that is physically impossible.
Below the buildings, the roadways create a set of tiny T-shaped lines as a line of vehicles travel up and down the roadways.
Flamingo smiles then states, “This place is busy in the morning. I have a lot of new stuff to absorb and learn here in Birmingham as a new college student. I can feel my old life just fade away into the woodwork. I feel like a new person here. I like it here.” He stands and tosses the used boxes down into the black colored hotel trashcan saying with a smile. “What am I going to do today?”
He studies the roadway out the glass window then continues. “I’m not traveling around the unfamiliar city streets today. I don’t wanna get lost and then have something bad happen to me. I don’t have any support family members here. I’ll wait until I start my first college day. Then I’ll meet and make a new set of friends. My old childhood friends Doyle and Yancy are both going to the local community college, instead of the bigger university in Birmingham. Brett is going to marry his girlfriend Fannie next month. Then he’s becoming a farmer like his daddy and granddaddy,” he exhales with a full stomach and burps out loud with a chuckle, spinning around to see the book on top of the bed covers. “I can finish my novel of The Quartet. I read through page two hundred something last night before falling asleep with the lights on and the book in my hand. I was really beat both literally from the drive and figuratively from the action,” he laughs.
He gasps with shock then says. “Look at the time! It’s almost eleven o’clock in late morning. I have slept away most of the early morning, which I do not do at home. Then I spent over an hour at the bank while explaining my person. I wonder if that’s going to happen a lot. In Lacy Springs, where I was born, every person knows me. I didn’t have to explain anything. But here in Birmingham, no one knows me. That was a strange experience. I hope the rest of my days here in Birmingham go slow, unnoticed, and invisible. I just wanna graduate college and enter medical school.” He slaps his stomach. “I’ll go for a swim in the pool. I’ve been eating food fast meals for two days. I don’t wanna gain weight, before I grow old and fat and gray-haired. Each freshmen student always gains weight the first year of school due to stress, pressure, and lazy food habits. Yeah, I start to swim off the fat, salt, sugar, and calories.”
He moves ahead and enters the bathroom, changing into the swimming trunks, exiting the hotel room and whispers with a smile. “I like this new freedom and free life without studying for a test or yelling at a brother or listening to authority.” He enters the open carriage and hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Owner of a Lonely Heart was released on October 8, 1983, by the British progressive musical rock and roll band named Yes. The song was written by guitarist and singer Trevor Rabin; singer Jon Anderson; bass guitar Chris Squire and musical producer Trevor Horn. The musical song was produced by Trevor Horn.
The musical band played Dance Rock sounds. The musical band members included Trevor Rabin (vocals & backing vocals; lead guitar and synthesizers); Jon Anderson (vocals & backing vocals); Alan White (drums & percussion), Tony Kaye (keyboards) and Chris Squire (bass guitar).
The song was written in the year 1979 by South African musician, singer and songwriter and producer Trevor Rabin during his bodily function moment, on the bathroom toilet. He wrote the words from beginning to end on the toilet seat and then finished both his shitty and musical business. Then he recorded the musical notes on his acoustic guitar and his musical words singing onto a 4-Track tape machine, at his home studio.


Save your life
Never thinking of the future
Prove yourself
You are the move you make
Take your chances, win or loser
See yourself
You are the steps you take
You and you, and that’s the only way
Shake, shake yourself
You’re every move you make
So, the story goes

Owner of a lonely heart
Owner of a lonely heart
(Much better than a)
Owner of a broken heart
Owner of a lonely heart

Say! You don’t want to chance it
You’ve been hurt so before
Watch it now
The eagle in the sky
How he’s dancing one and only
You, lose yourself
No not for pity’s sake
There’s no real reason to be lonely
Be yourself
Give your free will a chance
You’ve got to want to succeed

Owner of a lonely heart
Owner of a lonely heart
(Much better than a)
Owner of a broken heart
Owner of a lonely heart
Owner of a lonely heart
After my own indecision
They confused me so
Owner of a lonely heart
My love said never question your will at all
In the end you’ve got to go
Look before you leap
Owner of a lonely heart
And don’t you hesitate at all, no, no
Yow!

Owner of a lonely heart
Owner of a lonely heart
(Much better than a)
Owner of a broken heart
Owner of a lonely heart

Owner of a lonely heart
Owner of a lonely heart
(Much better than a)
Owner of a broken heart
Owner of a lonely heart
Owner of a lonely heart

Sooner or later each conclusion
Will decide the lonely heart
Owner of a lonely heart
It will excite, it will delight
It will give a better start
Owner of a lonely heart

Don’t deceive your Free Will at all
Don’t deceive your Free Will at all
Owner of a lonely heart
Don’t deceive your Free Will at all
Just receive it
Just receive it
(Owner of a lonely heart)


Flamingo exits the hotel structure then moves ahead tossing his towel on top of the warm concrete slab, slowly stepping down into the swimming pool. He glides down into the cool water and hears the musical song.
The musical song entitled She Bop was released July 2, 1984 coming from the studio album named She’s So Unusual, by the American roll and rock singer and songwriter Cyndi Lauper. The song was written by Cyndi Lauper, Stephen Broughton Lunt, Gary Corbett, and Rick Chertoff. The musical song was produced by Rick Chertoff. The musician played New Wave sounds.


Well, I see them every night in tight blue jeans
In the pages of a Blueboy Magazine

Hey! Hey! I’ve been thinking of a new sensation
I’m picking up good vibrations
Oop! She bop. She bop.
Do I wanna go out with a lion’s roar?
Yeah! I wanna go south and get me some more

Hey! They say that a stitch in time saves nine
They say I better stop, or I’ll go blind
Oop! She bop. She bop.
She bop. He bop. We bop.
I bop. You bop. They bop.
Bebop! Bebop! A lu-bop!

I hope, he will understand
She bop. He bop. We bop.
I bop. You bop. They bop.
Bebop! Bebop! A lu she bop.
O! She do. She bop.

Hey! Hey! They say I better get a chaperone (Ha! Ha! Ha!)
Because, I can’t stop messing with the danger zone

Hey! Hey! I won’t worry and I won’t fret
Ain’t no law against it yet

Oop! She bop. She bop.
She bop. He bop. We bop.
I bop. You bop. They bop.
Bebop! Bebop! A lu-bop.
I hope he will understand
She bop. He bop. We bop.
I bop. You bop. They bop.

Bebop! Bebop! A lu she bop.
O! She do. She bop. She bop.
She bop. He bop. We bop.
I bop. You bop. They bop.

Bebop! Bebop! A lu-bop.
I hope, he will understand
She bop. He bop. We bop.
I bop. You bop. They bop.

Bebop! Bebop! A lu she bop.
O! She did it. She bop.
O! She did it. She bop.


At 12:31 p.m., in the early afternoon, Flamingo finishes playing inside the swimming pool like a kid and stretches out over the chaise lounge chair, absorbing the hot sun rays, relaxing in the sunshine. He falls asleep due to the excessive heat for a short nap and then stirs awake while sweating his internal water without death.

At 01:49 p.m., in the mid-afternoon, he leaves the swimming pool area and re-enters the lobby hallway again and hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled You Dropped a Bomb on Me was released in the month August, in the year 1982, by the American musical rock and roll band named The Gap Band. The musical song was written by Lonnie Simmons, Ruby Taylor, and Charlie Wilson. The musical song was produced by Lonnie Simmons.


You were the girl that changed my world
You were the girl for me
You lit the fuse, I stand accused
You were the first for me

But you turned me out baby (You dropped a bomb on me)
Baby, you dropped a bomb on me

But you turned me on baby (You dropped a bomb on me)
Baby, you dropped a bomb on me

You were my thrills; you were my pills
You dropped a bomb on me

You turn me out, you turn me on
You turned me loose then you turned me wrong

You dropped a bomb on me
Baby, you dropped a bomb on me

But you turned me out baby! (You dropped a bomb on me)
Baby, you dropped a bomb on me

Just like Adam and Eve
Said you’d set me free
You took me to the sky, I’d never been so high

You were my pills; you were my thrills
You were my hope, baby, you were my smoke

You dropped a bomb on me. Hey baby! (You dropped a bomb on me)
Baby, you dropped a bomb on me

But you turned me out, baby! (You dropped a bomb on me)
Baby, you dropped a bomb on me

But you turned me on, baby! (You dropped a bomb on me)
Baby, you dropped a bomb on me

You dropped a bomb on me, baby! (You dropped a bomb on me)
Baby, you dropped a bomb on me

We were in motion, felt like lotion
You were the girl for me
You were the first explosion turned out to be corrosion
You were the first for me

But you turned me out, baby! (You dropped a bomb on me)
Baby, you dropped a bomb on me! (Whoa. O! O, baby!)
You dropped a bomb on me
Baby, you dropped a bomb on me

I won’t forget, what you done to me, baby! (You dropped a bomb on me)
Baby, you dropped a bomb on me

You dropped a bomb on me
Baby, you dropped a bomb on me

I-I-I, I-I-I won’t forget it
I-I-I, I-I-I won’t forget it

You dropped a bomb on me
Baby, you dropped a bomb on me

You dropped a bomb on me
Baby, you dropped a bomb on me

I-I-I, I-I-I won’t forget it
I, I-I, I-I-I won’t forget it

You turned me out, you turned me on
And then you dropped me to the ground
You dropped a bomb on me

You turned me out, you turned me on
And then you dropped me to the ground

You dropped a bomb on me
You turned me out, then you turned me on
You dropped a bomb on me
You turned me out, then you turned me on
You dropped a bomb on me
You turned me out, then you turned me on (I-I-I)
You dropped a bomb on me (I-I-I won’t forget it)
You turned me out, then you turned me on (I-I-I)
You dropped a bomb on me (I-I-I won’t forget it)
You turned me out, then you turned me on (Baby, you dropped a bomb on me, babe)
You dropped a bomb on me (then you turned me on)
You turned me out, then you turned me on (turned me on, babe)
You dropped a bomb on me (then you turned me on, babe)
You turned me out, then you turned me on
You dropped a bomb on me (then you turned me on, babe)
You turned me out, then you turned me on, baby
You dropped a bomb on me


At 01:51 p.m., Flamingo stops in the hallway lobby then waits in front of the elevator carriage. The carriage halts. The doors open. He enters the carriage and spins around pressing the button, hearing the musical song.
The musical song entitled Africa was released from their studio album named Toto IV, in the year 1982 and performed by the American rock musical band Toto. The song was composed by band members David F. Paich and Jeff T. Porcaro.
The musical song was produced by the band members and Elliot Schiener. The musical band members included David Paich (lead, backing vocals, synthesizer, piano); Bobby Kimball (lead, backing vocals); Steve Lukather (electric guitar, backing vocals); Steve Porcaro (synthesizers); David Hungate (bass guitar), and Jeff Porcaro (drums, cowbell, gong, additional percussion).


I hear the drums echoing tonight
But she hears only whispers of some quiet conversation
She’s coming in, twelve, thirty flight
The moonlit wings reflect the stars that guide me towards salvation
I stopped an old man along the way
Hoping to find some old forgotten words or ancient melodies
He turned to me, as if to say
“Hurry, boy! It’s waiting there for you.”

It’s gonna take a lot to drag me away from you
There’s nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
Gonna take some time to do the things we never had (Oh! Oh!)

The wild dogs cry out in the night
As they grow restless, longing for some solitary company
I know that I must do what’s right
As sure as Kilimanjaro rises like Olympus above the Serengeti
I seek to cure what’s deep inside, frightened of this thing that I’ve become

It’s gonna take a lot to drag me away from you
There’s nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
Gonna take some time to do the things we never had (Oh! Oh!)

Hurry, boy! She’s waiting there for you
It’s gonna take a lot to drag me away from you
There’s nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
I bless the rains down in Africa
(I bless the rain)
I bless the rains down in Africa
I bless the rains down in Africa
I bless the rains down in Africa
(Gonna take the time)
Gonna take some time to do the things we never had (Oh! Oh!)


At 02:11 p.m., in the afternoon, the elevator carriage stops on his floor. Flamingo exits the carriage, struts down the crowded floor and around some of the slow-moving guests and then re-enters his refreshed, cold-feeling hotel room and changes his dirty clothes and washes his sweaty body. Then he appears and lounges inside the cool clean bed linens, reading the novel and orders the room service meal of fish and fries. He enjoys reading the words until his eyeballs are tired and then eating the food until his stomach lining is filled and then takes a short nap to rest his tired and slightly sunburned human body.

Two hours and twenty minutes later, at 04:33 p.m., in the late heated afternoon, Flamingo awakes from a short nap and sits upright at his fitted waistline, shouting out loud in shock, “Diploma! Shit! I gotta go and get my high school diploma. I need to photocopy a hard copy of my high school diploma for Burn U. The college advisor made it clear that I must present a hard copy of my high school diploma to the admission offices at Burn U, before I start my first day of college. Or I cannot attend my first day of college courses. Fuck! That means that I must go back to Lacy Springs and get my high school diploma from Principal Marshall. He would be guarding the table that holds a pile of high school diploma for each graduating senior. And Principal Marshall was not allowed to send an electronic copy of my high school diploma to any post-graduate institution, until the day after school is out for summertime days and nights. Holy fucking shit! This action ruins my evening here in Birmingham. Tomorrow morning is the weekend day of Saturday, May, the 19th. The school administration building is closed. Then, the next day is the weekend day of Sunday, May, the 20th. And the school administration building is closed also. I can wait until Monday morning and then drive to the school and then drive back to Burn U which is wasting the entire day and lots of gas. And I am taking the chance here, Arie collecting my high school diploma, if I’m not there at the Lacy Springs High School’s graduation ceremony to pick it up. I don’t think Arie can take my high school diploma with my name on it from the school administration building. After all, I’m eighteen years old, an adult male in my own right. And I have a set of adult rights as an eighteen-year-old male while living here in Alabama. However, if I do not retrieve my high school diploma today at the graduation ceremony or before Monday morning from the school administration office, then Arie can go and get it.”
He shouts out loud and tosses the book on top of the messy bed covers. “Shit! Then I’ll have to go and get my high school diploma, right now, facing Arie at her house, which is not my home anymore. Then Arie might just keep my high school diploma and not give it back to me, I’ll never get to start my first college course at Burn U. Arie, she’ll do anything to keep my grounded and depending on her ass and her billions, for the rest of my life. Fuck that! Double shit! Double fuck!” He slides off the bed mattress, dragging the clean bed linens off the bed mattress and over the carpet, flowing behind his naked ass.
He enters the bathroom and changes into his clothes staring in the mirror, pressing down the new tee shirt and says with a worried brow. “No. No. I can’t wear my new Burn U tee shirt to Lacy Springs. Then my nosy relatives will know my current location, where I’ve been hiding out which is here in Birmingham. The high school graduation ceremony starts at five o’clock within thirty minutes of now. The graduation ceremony will last for one hour or less. Then the auditorium will become cleared out of students, teachers, and parents. Then, each senior will attend a senior graduation party. Arie and Breck and Cinco and A.J. will be at mama’s home as Arie is hosting a graduation party with her family members for her three sons, minus one. Yeah, I can go to the school grounds and collect my high school diploma quickly with a set of mixed emotions. Tough it up, man!”
He changes the Burn U tee shirt into his smelly, stinky, vile-worded tee shirt, still wearing the pair of cargo pants, and a pair of naked feet.
He exits the bathroom and moves ahead sliding his naked toes into the pair of nasty flip-flops wearing a smile, strolling ahead towards the closed door. “When I return back to the hotel room, this evening, I’m shopping for a new wardrobe updating my college persona.”
He exits the hotel room with a stern face and moves down the hallway, which is both noisy and busy with both guests and employees, again, and then enters a crowded elevator carriage. He hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Faithfully coming from the studio album Frontiers was released on April 1983, by the American musical rock band Journey. The musical song was produced by Mike Stone and Kevin Elson. The musical song was written by band member Jonathan Cain. The musician played Soft Rock sound.
The musical song was written by band member keyboard player Jonathan Cain. He wrote the lyrics on a paper napkin while traveling the band’s tour bus ride, heading to Saratoga Springs, New York. The next day, Jonathan finished composing the song on a grand piano at the Saratoga Performing Arts Center, where the band members later performed.
The musical song was composed in the key of B major with a tempo of 65 beats-per-minute in common time. The song follows a chord progression of B. G#. E. B. The vocals span from fourth octave G# to fifth octave B.
The musical song is the greatest power ballad of all time and the best love song in American History.
The band members included Neal Schon; Jonathan Cain; Randy Jackson; Deen Castronovo; Arnel Pineda; Narada Michael Walden; Gregg Rolie; George Tickner; Prairie Prince: Ross Valory: Aynsley Dunbar; Robert Fleishman; Steve Perry; Steve Smith; Steve Augeri and Jeff Scott Soto.


Highway run
Into the midnight sun
Wheels go around and around
You’re on my mind
Restless hearts
Sleep alone tonight
Sending all my love
Along the wire

They say that the road
Ain’t no place to start a family
Right down the line
It’s been you and me
And loving a music man
Ain’t always, what it’s supposed to be

O girl! You stand by me
I’m forever yours, faithfully
Circus life
Under the big top world
We all need the clowns
To make us smile
Through space and time
Always another show
Wondering, where I am
Lost without you

And being apart ain’t easy on this love affair
Two strangers learn to fall in love again
I get the joy of rediscovering you
O girl! You stand by me
I’m forever yours, faithfully

Whoa-oh, oh-oh
Whoa-oh, oh-oh, oh
Whoa-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh

Faithfully
I’m still yours

I’m forever yours
Forever yours
Faithfully


Flamingo lands down inside the underground parking ground, moving ahead towards his parked car, whispering with a grin. “I’m glad that I pay extra for the cool concrete over the top of my car.”
He slides into the car and exits the garage building, maneuvering through heavy traffic on a Friday afternoon in the metro city of Birmingham, veering up the ramp onto the interstate.
He slams the dial on the radio into maximum volume and enjoys the new rock and roll musical song without speeding through the five lanes of heavy traffic. “Damn! Everyone and their mother are driving their car on the interstate going home right now. I won’t get to the high school campus, until seven o’clock, this evening. Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit!”


Lacy Springs High School
     (91 miles north from Birmingham)
Parking lot setting
hot temperatures with parted clouds of sunlight
06:54 p.m.

The parking lot is empty of vehicles and any horses, except for a few piles of horse turds. Some of the students enjoy riding a horse to the annual event and posting their horse inside the manicured yard that helps fertile the grass, which is allowed by each school official. Thus, the Lacy Springs High School’s Graduation Ceremony has completed.
Flamingo parks his dirty sports car on the side building wall hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Twilight Zone was released on August 23, 1982, by the Dutch musical rock and roll band named Golden Earring. The song was composed by the band’s guitarist George J. Kooymans. The musical band played Rock and New Wave sounds. The length of the musical song was recorded at 07 minutes and 58 seconds.
The musical band members included George Kooymans (co-lead vocals, lead guitar, backing vocals); Barry Hay (co-lead vocals, rhythm guitar, backing vocals); Rinus Gerritsen (bass guitar, keyboards), and Cesare Zuiderwilj (drums).


Cause, the sign at the end of the road, it says
Next stop, twilight zone
Somewhere in a hotel room

It’s two a.m. (It’s two a.m.)
The fear has gone. (The fear has gone.)
I’m sitting here waiting. (I’m sitting here waiting.)
The gun still warm. (The gun still warm.)
Maybe, my connection is tired of taking chances

Yeah! There’s a storm on the loose, sirens in my head
I’m wrapped up in silence, all circuits are dead
I cannot decode, my whole life spins into a frenzy

Help! I’m stepping into the twilight zone
The place is a madhouse,
Feels like being cloned
My beacon’s been moved under moon and star
Where am I to go, now, that I’ve gone too far?

Help! I’m stepping into the twilight zone
The place is a madhouse,
Feels like being cloned
My beacon’s been moved under moon and star
Where am I to go, now, that I’ve gone too far?
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone

I’m falling down a spiral,
Destination unknown
A double-crossed messenger,
All alone
I can’t get no connection,
I can’t get through,
Where are you?

Well, the night weighs heavy on his guilty mind
This far from the borderline
And when the hit man comes
He knows damn well he has been cheated
And he says

Help! I’m stepping into the twilight zone
The place is a madhouse,
Feels like being cloned
My beacon’s been moved under moon and star
Where am I to go, now, that I’ve gone too far?

Help! I’m stepping into the twilight zone
The place is a madhouse,
Feels like being cloned
My beacon’s been moved under moon and star
Where am I to go, now, that I’ve gone too far?
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone
When the bullet hits the bone

Help! I’m stepping into the twilight zone
The place is a madhouse,
Feels like being cloned
My beacon’s been moved under moon and star
Where am I to go, now, that I’ve gone too far?

Help! I’m stepping into the twilight zone
The place is a madhouse,
Feels like being cloned
My beacon’s been moved under moon and star
Where am I to go, now, that I’ve gone too far?
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone
Soon, you will come to know,
When the bullet hits the bone
When the bullet hits the bone
When the bullet hits the bone
When the bullet hits the bone
When the bullet hits the bone


Flamingo exhales with his mixed teenly emotions and cuts off the loud musical song then softy states to the dirty front windshield. “Yeah, I missed my high school graduation, a once-life-time event, which happens only once. I worked so damn hard for that top spot as one of the thirteen val-i-dic-tor-dorks as Breck would say. Well, my high school classes are done. My high school graduation is done also. I must move on to my new life. I’m a free man now. I’m a college student now. Yeah!” He slaps the steering wheel and presents a sour frown.
He wants to collect that single piece of paper with rows of colored strips representing fourteen years of hard work, since pre-kindergarten here at Lacy High School.
He slides out the car and stands on top of the familiar gray tined parking lot, exhaling with more mixed teenly feelings, slamming the car door shut.
He slowly enters through the enclosed lobby and then stops staring at the row of sports trophies that came from year, since the creation of the local high school. Lacy Springs High School Football Team won the Alabama High School Football Championship, last year. Flamingo led the football team as the quarterback to the victory game, in the month of December.
He slowly scoots down the long glass case and admires each golden plated sports trophy wearing a smile and then halts in front of the second entrance archway, feeling the warm air inside the open auditorium.
Principal Marshall stands in front of the elevated wooden stage and fiddles with a tiny pile of dark blue folders. Flamingo slowly strolls ahead experiencing feelings of guilt and angry and then stops standing at the back spine on Marshall, saying with a firm tone and a stern face. “Principal Marshall…”
Marshall spins around with a gasp then asks with a stern tone. “Where have you been, Flamingo? Everyone’s looking for you.”
Flamingo nods with a stern face then says. “I guess so. I’m sorry, Principal Marshall. I couldn’t face a student or a teacher or a parent, after my day in a court of law,” he laughs out loud. Flamingo had won the court case. He clears his throat then states. “I’m sorry, that I missed my high school graduation night. I was looking forward to my night here…”
“Flamingo, do you not know?”
“I know that I missed saying my valedictorian speech. I know that I was one of thirteen valedictorians. I had worked for months on that valedictorian speech. But I couldn’t face…”
“Flamingo,” he frowns then states. “Where have you been hiding out, Flamingo? Your two brothers are looking for you.”
Flamingo laughs with a nod then states. “I’ve been around and around and around.”
He exhales with annoyance then states with a stern face. “Flamingo, the high school graduation ceremony was cancelled for the night. You did not miss the event here.”
Flamingo gasps in shock then asks. “Why? How can you cancel a high school graduation ceremony? What for!”
He nods and says. “Flamingo, the senior students all voted and decided to cancel the high school graduation ceremony. I’m still here, because I’m passing out each high school diploma to a parent or a student. Why are you here, Flamingo?”
Flamingo asks. “Why would you cancel the Lacy Springs High School’s Graduation Ceremony, sir? I bet some of the parents and the senior students were mad.”
He exhales with annoyance and shakes his balding skull parking both of his fists on his fit waistline saying to Flamingo. “Do you not know? I guess you do not know then. I saw you drive out from the court house on Thursday afternoon. Did you not call home and talk to your mother?”
“Hell, no!”
He exhales with worry then states with a stern tone. “Flamingo, I’m so sorry.”
Flamingo frowns then asks. “Why are you sorry? Why did you cancel the Lacy Springs High School’s Graduation Ceremony? Did you do that, because of me?”
He gasps in shock then states with a stern tone. “The students, the parents, the teachers, and I did it, because of Arie. Your mother is located in the hospital ward, Flamingo. Your mother had an automobile accident.”
“When did her automobile accident occur, Principal Marshall?”
He exhales with worry then states with a stern tone. “I was there! I saw it! Your mother drove the truck and tried to chase after your speeding sports car on the same roadway as you disappeared from eye view, two days ago. She crashed into that tall oak tree on Kay Street. She lies in a hospital bed right now. She has been in a coma, since Thursday afternoon. You need to go and see your mother. I can drive you to the hospital, Flamingo. I’ve finished passing out all the high school diplomas this afternoon.”
Flamingo turns and frowns at the interior of the auditorium. The bleacher seats have not been opened. The floor is clean. And the row of chairs has not been unfolded. He returns back and frowns at Marshall saying with a stern face. “So, you cancelled the high school graduation ceremony, because of my mother. How can you, as the principal of the school, do that? Is that legal?”
He exhales with a huff of frustration at the ill-breed teen and then a puff of worry for his mother, saying with a stern tone. “In a small town, sometimes, there is a handful of town leaders that impacts a person’s life. Your mother has touched each life here in Lacy Springs. After the car accident, she went straight into the hospital ward and did not awaken from her terrible car accident. The entire town learned that Arie was in a coma. Almost all the other senior students decided, collectively, not to attend the Lacy Springs High School’s Graduation Ceremony. Yes, there were some butt-hurts, but only a handful. The parents and the teachers all came to me. And I cancelled the Lacy Springs High School’s Graduation Ceremony. I’ve been here passing out a high school diploma to each senior student. But Arie is the important person here, right now. Do you want me to drive you to the hospital, Flamingo? I’ve given out all the diplomas but to you and your two brothers.” He hands the last three diplomas to Flamingo.
Flamingo accepts the three items controlling his mixed teenly emotions, saying with a steady voice. “I can drive myself to the hospital grounds. Thanks for sharing the information, Principal Marshall!” He spins around with a low sneer and races out the auditorium space, exiting the building. He slides down into the car tossing the three items on top of the passenger seat and then races ahead towards Lacy Springs Hospital.


Lacy Springs Hospital
   (one mile east from High School)
Lobby setting
07:11 p.m.


Flamingo halts his sports car on the back row within an overcrowded parking lot and then exits the vehicle, dashing ahead from the car, and enters the lobby, halting with a gasp of shock.
The entire lobby space consists of numerous Lacy Springs’ citizens, including teachers, parents, students, and others. Yancy, Doyle, and Brett struggle ahead and then stop, standing in front of Flamingo.
Brett reaches out and grabs the naked arm on Flamingo, pressing his fingers into the newly suntanned skin on Flaming, yelling out loud. “Where in the hell have you been, Flamingo? Your mama is upstairs inside the critical care unit fighting for her life. And you’ve been partying somewhere with a whore. Your mama is in a coma.”
“I know that.” Flamingo states with a nasty timber and jerks his arm away from Brett then drives ahead through the crowded audience, presenting a sour frown and a loud sneer. Some of the other citizens are not happy to see Flamingo either and start to snarl in his face. The older citizens stop and then hug Flamingo, softly whispering encouraging words of hope. Flamingo slowly moves ahead and runs into the tall body on Tommy Lee.
Tommy Lee leans over and sneers into the nose bridge on Flamingo first then states with a nasty timber. “Boy, I’m glad to see you. But I’m mad about your leaving the court house.”
Flamingo is sick to death hearing about his court trial and then sneers back at Tommy Lee. He says, “I was not found guilt.”
“I ain’t talking about that damn silly court trial.” He says and grabs Flamingo’s arm and shuffles them ahead, stopping in front of the closed elevator doors, pressing the button. “I’m talking about dissing your mama there in the court room, without kissing her cheekbone or speaking a word. That woman gave birth to your ass. And you run off like a wild stallion into the field. You zoomed out from the court room in a hurry, without seeing your mama. Arie was stunned from the verdict too. And Arie wanted to apology to your ass, also. But no, you go running off. Arie climbed into the truck and took off after your ass. Then the truck hit that big-ass tall tree. She’s in the critical care unit upstairs. She’s in a coma, Flamingo.”
Flamingo stares and frowns at the closed elevator doors while hearing his name getting called out loud, within the crowd of people. He states, “I know that.”
“Then, where in the hell have you been hiding, boy?”
“My business,” Flamingo shouts then sneers at the nosy adult.
The elevator door slides open. The carriage is empty without a nice softly playing musical song. A hospital elevator carriage will not play musical tunes due to the serious nature of each sick patient at the hospital campus.
A mama does not want to hear a cool rock and roll song, when her baby is dying of cancer.
A daddy does not want to hear a jazz cheery musical tune, when his son has a broken leg.
Flamingo moves ahead alone and halts, facing the rear wall, sounding with a low nasty sneer.
Tommy Lee reaches inside the door and presses the correct button as Flamingo does not know the location of the hospital room bedding his biological mother. Tommy Lee retracts his cupped hand and snarls with fury at the back spine on the young teen-ass.
The elevator door slides shut. The carriage climbs upward and then halts on the 10th floor, Freehurst Wing. The elevator doors slide open. Flamingo spins around and gasps at the beauty of the pretty hallway.

At 07:23 p.m., the hallway is painted in purple and pink tint and has been named the Freehurst Wing, after Flamingo deceased biological father. That dedication event occurred several years ago, without Flamingo in attendance.
Flamingo had forgotten about the place and had never dreamed of landing his nasty flip-flops inside this specific hospital wing.
The pretty painted hallway is lined with numerous matching living room furniture pieces in gray color that stands in-between a black-tinted wooden side table. Each side table displays used food items and a tray of new food items. Each furniture cushion contains a blood-relative, who is visiting his comatose mother Arie.
Flamingo stomps down the middle of the hallway without hearing a musical note. This specific nursing floor does not provide musical songs for the serious situation of a sick patient. Flamingo ignores each blood relative and wears a stern face, viewing the end of the corridor.
At the end, a bright light reflects off a row of glass windows and a glass door. The reflection flicks side to side which must possess an array of moving people inside the last occupied hospital room.
Aunt Aurora sits with her husband Moe minus her two little girls and then swiftly stands upright from a gray-tinted stripped sofa, sounding with a gasp, advancing ahead and then stops. She blocks the footsteps on Flamingo, parking both of her fists on her new designer dress, shouting out loud at her nephew. “Where in the hell have you been, Flamingo? I’ve been calling you for minutes, hours, and days now on your personal mobile telephone, about my sister Arie. Why in the hell haven’t you returned each one of my telephone calls?”
“Fuck off, Aurora!” Flamingo shouts then scoots around her short overweight body, sounding with a low nasty sneer, continuing to march down the middle of the hallway.
Moe swiftly advances from the sofa and hugs his wife Aurora, spinning them around, sneering at the back spine on Flamingo.
Jarvis and Reese both stand upright from a solid gray-tinted long sofa. Only Reese moves ahead from Jarvis and wears a red-swollen face with rolling of tears of worry and then halts blocking the footpath of Flamingo also. Her lips tremble with worry and as her hands wring with fear, softly speaking to her grandson. “Flamingo, you are finally here. I guess you received my numerous mobile telephone calls. Your mother…”
“Fuck off, Reese!” Flamingo shouts and scoots around his short plump grandmother, sounding with a loud snarl and continues to shuffle down the semi-empty hallway.
Her husband dashes ahead and cuddles his wife, spinning them around, growling at the back spine on Flamingo. Jarvis shouts and points at the back spine on the teen-ass, “Boy, you cannot talk to your grandmother like that. I will not allow it ever.” He continues to jab his finger at the back spine on Flamingo and hugs his wife with love. Reese starts to sob in her sad tears and her worries about her biological daughter.
Iredell advances from the solo chair in solid gray hue and then stands in the footpath of Flamingo, wearing a stern face. She speaks with a calm timber, “Flamingo, I cannot understand your teenly emotions. I’m not a teen. I was not in your place. But I’m glad that you came back here to Lacy Springs. Arie is in there down in the last hospital room. She is still in a coma. She wants to hear your voice, Flamingo.”
“Thanks, Iredell!” Flamingo speaks with his calm timber then nods to his respectful grandmother and scoots around Iredell wearing a sour frown, shuffling ahead down the hallway. The rest of the hallway is empty. The last hospital door is made of glass and is closed shut.
Arie rests on her back spine inside a private hospital room, on a private hallway. Money can buy many things but not save a sick or healthy human life, only Almighty God can do that, alone.
At the end of the hallway, Flamingo stops, stands in front of the closed door, and views the glass window. exhaling with a set of mixed emotions. consisting of hate, angry, sadness, worry, and love. He reaches out and touches the door knob.
The door slides open and reveals A.J.
“Flamingo!” A.J. hollers and gasps in shock wearing a red-stained swollen face of tears also.
Inside the hospital room, a tan-colored hospital bed stands perpendicular to the side wall in bright yellow paint showing Arie. She rests on her back spine without a single tube running down from her two nostrils or out from her closed lips. She looks asleep with her eyelashes shut.
On the side railing of her hospital bed, Breck stands upright from a small stool then spins around sounding with a nasty sneer, dashing ahead and scoots around a stationary A.J. He collides into a stationary Flamingo. The two brothers swiftly travel backwards covering the length of the empty hallway floor heading towards the side wall.
Flamingo flings both of his arms in the air violently hitting the side wall of pink paint. Breck continues to hold Flamingo by the collar bone while growling with fury. Flamingo sneers back and jerks his kneecap up and then into the stomach on Breck.
Breck releases the collar bone on Flamingo and swiftly back steps sounding with a heavy grunt, tumbling sideways towards the rear exit wall and holds his guts while coughing in pain.
Cinco dashes out the open archway from the hospital room and slams into Flamingo tossing his brother back into the same side wall, sneering into the nose bridge on Flamingo. He shouts, “Stop this! Be quiet! Mama’s hurt.”
Flamingo jabs his finger and sneers at Breck then shouts, “Breck started it. Go and piss on him, Cinco!”
Cinco shakes Flamingo and growls in fury then yells out loud. “Shut your mouth, Flamingo! Did you hear me? Mama’s in a coma. She’s been in a coma, since Thursday, after you ran off from the court house building. I’ve been calling your fucking cell phone for hours and hours and days and days. Where in the hell have you been, Flamingo? I need you here for Mama. She needs you here with her.”
Flamingo snarls then says, “My business!”
Cinco releases Flamingo and then back steps sounding with a gasp, yelling again. “What in the fuck is that? What’s wrong with you, Flamingo? Mama’s in a coma. She’s located right here in this hospital. She doesn’t eat or sleep or talk or hug or anything, except lay there and breathe air.”
Flamingo scoots around Cinco and sounds with a low growl, shuffling ahead toward the hospital room.
Breck stands upright from the pain and then swiftly charges ahead slamming Flamingo back into the same side wall, again, growling at his brother. He shouted, “This is your fault, Flamingo. You caused this. Mama’s hurt. Mama’s in the hospital, because of you, Flamingo. You got mad and ran off again from all your adult responsibilities, like usual. Now, Mama’s in a coma, here in the hospital, because of you, asshole.”
Flamingo shoves Breck from his face and sneers then whispers. “I did not cause this shitty mess. She drove the car, not me. She had the car wreck, not me. I left the court room building and drove my car away from her…”
“Inside the court room, Mama was upset and crying. She wanted to tell you that she was sorry…”
“Mama never told me that she was sorry,” Flamingo says. “She wanted me to marry the bitch, that didn’t have my baby.”
“She was sorry for…” 
“…not believing me…” Flamingo shouts and then laughs out loud. “Is that the fucking best ya get, Breck Brain?”
Breck sneers then shouts. “You’re such as a shit ass, Flamingo. You never wanna listen to Mama or her motherly authority. If you have listened to Mama, then…”
“…I would be married to a cunt-bitch, whom I do not love or wanna marry. You found it first! I’m not that baby’s fucking biological father, Breck. You found that information inside the court room. I admit. You’re going to become a great lawyer. Then, maybe, everyone will believe you. But no one believed me back then. No one listened to me back then. If everyone has listened to me back then, then none of this would exist here. Mama would be home. I would be home. You would be home. But no…”
“Mama was crying and upset after court case. She went after you, Flamingo. You zoomed out the court room and get into your car, driving off. You didn’t say one word to our mother.”
Flamingo growls, “I hate Arie.”
Breck gasps in shock then shouts in anger. “What in the fuck did you just say, to me, asshole?”
Cinco moves ahead and slams his fist into the wall, making a tiny hole, bad breathing into the face on Flamingo. He asks, “What does that mean, Flamingo?”
Flamingo exhales then states. “Look! I was angry and mad at Arie for believing a cunt-bitch over my words, over me. I’m her son too.”
Cinco exhales then says. “Mama knows that too. Get inside and talk to Mama, Flamingo! She needs to hear your voice.”
“His teenly male voice is no different from my or your voice, Cinco. We’re triplets. We look, speak, and do not dress alike.” Breck says then sneers.
A.J. moves ahead wearing his red-tinted swollen face expressing his worries and love. He stops then stands beside the nose profile on Breck, tossing both of his arms in the air. “You won it all, Flamingo! Now, everyone believes you and your words and your actions.” Both of his arms drop down and slap his dirty blue jeans.
Flamingo turns and sneers at A.J. “Fuck off, A.J!”
Breck sneers. “Don’t you talk to him like that!”
Flamingo lifts both of his palms and shakes his cap. “O holy shit now! It’s okay for the entire fucking town to think that I’m a rotten teenage father of a baby, where I didn’t fuckingly fuck inside her whore vagina…”
“You’re not the fictional character Thomas Sawyer, Flamingo. You’re a true asshole.” Breck laughs.
Flamingo sneers. “But I can’t tell a guy, who I’ve known for less than two weeks of my life to fuck off and get away from my angry face. Then, I’ll tell a guy that I’ve known for years. Fuck off, Breck! Get the fuck off of me, Cinco!” He sidesteps from Cinco and sounds with a snarl spinning around with a sour frown to face an empty hallway, strutting ahead.
Each one of his blood relatives stands a few feet from the center space inside the same hallway wearing a sour frown, crossing both of their arms and stares at Flamingo in silence.
On the side wall, Breck dashes ahead with a loud grunt. Cinco reaches out and hugs Breck, stopping his older brother from beating on Flamingo. Cinco greatly desires to do that and change Flamingo’s nasty teenly attitude. But it’ll not work. The triplets are three brothers from the same zygote. They feel the same. They look the same. They act the same way.
Breck continues to struggle within the two biceps on Cinco and shouts out loud at the back spine on Flamingo. “This is your shitty fault, Flamingo. Mama’s in the hospital, because of you, Flamingo. Do not walk away from her!”
Flamingo moves ahead and presents a sour frown to each blood-relative for the last damn time. “I was not present there, when she wrecked the automobile, First Born shit ass.”
On the side wall, Cinco continues to hold Breck shouting out loud at the back spine on Flamingo. “Flamingo, please, come back here. Come back and talk to Mama! Mama, she needs to hear your voice. You’re her son, too, Flamingo!”
Breck struggles in the two biceps on Cinco and sneers at Flamingo. “If you walk out, then you’re not part of our family anymore, Flamingo. You’re a full-blooded McCory traitor, an ex-brother, an ex-son, an ex-grandson. Do you hear me and my words, Flamingo?”
Cinco shakes the body on Breck and sounds with a growl then shouts. “Shut the fuck up, Breck! You’re the one talking nonsense here. Flamingo, please, come back here! Come back and talk to Mama! Mama needs to hear our voice. Please, Flamingo! Do not leave her and us!”
Breck struggles and growls at Flamingo then yells. “Let him leave! This is his fault. I don’t want Flamingo in our family unit anymore. We’ll deal with this alone, without Flamingo. Mama, she’ll be fine and dandy in a couple of days, without her ex-son Flamingo.”
Flamingo almost reaches the closed elevator doors. His eardrums can hear the sobs coming from each blood relative. Then he halts with a gasp then whispers for his eardrums only. “I was not present there, when she wrecked the automobile.” He spins around with a stunned face and moves back down the hallway, jabbing his finger at Breck, shouting out loud. “Did you hear me, Breck? I was not present there, when she wrecked the automobile. She wrecked her truck. No. Mama didn’t drive her personal pickup truck to the court house building, yesterday. She rode with A.J. So, Mama wrecked A.J.’s pickup truck. Nope! A.J. would never let anyone drive his personal pickup truck. She wrecked a truck. Principal Marshall told me that she wrecked a truck. Breck told me that she wrecked a truck.” He gasps in alarm. “Mama, she wrecked Breck’s pickup truck.”
Breck gasps in shock. Cinco releases Breck and sneers at his older brother while reliving the truck accident again. Breck slowly tumbles ahead producing his own heated tears of sorrow and then slams his body into the side wall, leaning into the pink-tinted paint. He presents a worried brow and stares at Flamingo.
Flamingo moves ahead and continues to jab his finger at Breck then yells. “Fuck you, Breck! Mama wrecked Breck’s pickup truck. She was upset and crying about the court trail. Breck said that. Mama wanted a vehicle. A.J. did not hand over his car keys to Mama, because Mama was upset and crying inside the court room. But Breck handed his car keys to Mama. Mama ran ahead from the court room building without supervision and entered Breck’s big fucking-ass pickup truck, where her tiny body and her old eyeballs could not see over the engine hood.”
Breck leans into the side wall, sliding down on top of the clean floor while sobbing with his sad tears of pain, rehearing the truth and replaying the scene inside his active mind.
Flamingo stops with laughter and continues to jab his finger at Breck then shouts. “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you, Breck! Breck gave Mama his car fob. She was crying with her tears and couldn’t see the flat roadway. Then she missed the flat roadway and hit that big old oak tree at the engine hood on the pickup truck, knocking her body unconscious and into a coma. This is all Breck’s fault. Breck, he gave her his car fob, the most dangerous object in the world, his pickup truck. How dare you blame me, First Born asshole!”
Cinco moves ahead, stops, and stands a few feet from Flamingo, starting to cry with his sad tears of the terrible car wreck. He jabs his finger at Flamingo and softly states with his heavy heart and worried mind. “Flamingo, you’re right. Breck gave his car fob and his truck to Mama. He caused all this shitty mess. This is all his fucking fault. I agree with you. I believe you. But, now, you can fix this, good. Please, come and talk to Mama! Mama needs to hear your voice. Mama needs to wake up from her coma. A coma victim needs to hear the words of each family member. Everyone has talked to Mama, but you, Flamingo.”
Flamingo tosses both of his arms in the air and spins around, shouting out loud. “No! Never! Fuck all of ya’ll! I’m leaving. You’ll never see me, again,” he drops both of his hands and slaps the dirty fabric on his ratty pair of cargo pants.
Cinco dashes down the hallway and produces his own sad tears, shouting out loud in worry and fear, waving both of his arms in the air, “Flamingo! Flamingo! Come back, Flamingo, please! Mama needs you here, Flamingo. Fuck your other family members, but our mama!” Jarvis and Iredell step ahead and hug Cinco. Cinco shouts out loud and his blinding tears not able to see the back spine on Flamingo. “Mama, she needs you, right now, right here, Flamingo. Please, come back to Mama…”
The elevator doors slide open. The carriage is empty. Flamingo enters the carriage and reaches over pressing the ground button, saying with a sour frown. “Fuck them all!” The elevator door slides shut. The carriage shifts down quickly and quietly inside the hospital.

At 07:31 p.m., on the ground floor, inside the lobby setting, the elevator door slides open. The carriage contains only Flamingo.
Flamingo spins around with a sneer and shuffles through the crowded lobby. No one is allowed to visit Arie as she rests inside an intensive care ward, which is only visited by her blood relatives.
Yancy struggles through the crowd and then halts, sounding with a gasp of worry. He asks, “Flamingo, what are you doing back down here? How’s your mother doing? What’s happened up there in her hospital room? Is your mama okay? Why are you not up there, with your mama, Flamingo? What’s going on down here?” Flamingo continues to struggle through the crowd of worried caring citizens without stopping or speaking to a friendly or unfriendly individual.
Doyle fights his way through the thick crowd and reaches out slapping the naked forearm on Flamingo, without stopping his friend. He shouts out each question at the back spine on his friend. “What’s wrong? Where are you going, Flamingo? Is your mama okay?”
Brett cuddles with his girl Fannie and comments. “I don’t know, but I think Arie has died. Flamingo is leaving the hospital. Why would her son leave his mom here at the hospital? Why is he leaving the hospital?” Fannie cries with her sobs and hugs her boyfriend.
Tommy Lee blocks the entrance door from the hospital building and stares with a sour frown at Flamingo. He asks, “Flamingo, what’s wrong, son? Why are you leaving the hospital room, with your mama still here, son? Your mama’s stills up there and in here. What happened up there inside her hospital room?”
Flamingo continues to move around each annoyant that shows a red-tinted, swollen face and as his face does not show any rolling tears, only a sour scowl of annoyance. The numerous citizens crowded inside the heated ground floor lobby have come here to the hospital, wishing good health to his mother Arie.
Too bad, Flamingo does not feel the same emotion.
Flamingo jerks to the side away from a stationary Tommy Lee and stomps ahead on top of the metal panel opening the entrance door. He shuffles ahead through the open archway without speaking his mind.
Tommy Lee reaches out and grabs the naked forearm on Flamingo, spinning around, following the teen into the night air. He turns and says with puzzlement into the nose profile on the teen. “Flamingo, where are you going? What’s happened upstairs? Is Arie okay?”
Flamingo moves ahead with Tommy Lee and comments. “I don’t give a damn.”
He sneers then states. “Well, boy, I do give a damn about everyone here in Lacy Springs. What’s wrong with you, Flamingo?”
Flamingo stops in the parking lot and stares down at the sheriff’s cupped hand on his naked arm. He orders, “Unless you are here to arrest me for a criminal act, please, remove your hand from my arm?”
He releases the arm on Flamingo and leans over with a sneer then comments. “You’re damn lucky, that I don’t have a criminal warrant on your ass, boy. Because, I’d use it to keep your ass planted right here with your mother and two brothers and A.J. I don’t know what’s happened upstairs. But I’ll find out. And if you’ve committed a criminal act, then I’ll find and arrest your ass, boy.”
Flamingo looks up and laughs out loud at Tommy Lee, turning to face the crowded parking lot, moving ahead towards his sports car. He still laughs out loud.
Tommy Lee exhales with a huff of annoyance and spins around moving back into the overcrowded lobby, fighting through the citizens He reaches the open elevator door and enters the carriage. He presses the button to the intensive care floor, where Arie rests in a coma. The elevator door slides shut. The carriage climbs upward. Tommy Lee is going to find out what’s happened between the three triplets and then he is going to do something about it.
Cinco, Flamingo, and Breck do not have a father figure. Arie has served as both the father and the mother, since the triplets were two years old. And Arie is a highly respected citizen here in Lacy Springs. If she needs the help of Tommy Lee to settle her wild-ass middle child, then he’ll do that, without delay.

At 07:35 p.m., inside the hospital parking lot, Flamingo moves ahead with a steady pace towards his parked sports car. He’s not worried about a tail chase coming from Cinco or Breck or Tommy Lee. Every blood relative and bad friend is not leaving the hospital center for any reason.
Flamingo enters his car and starts the slightly warm engine, looking down at the front passenger seat. He possesses three high school diplomas. He should have given the other two diplomas to his grandmother. He exits the parking lot and drives down the familiar road towards his house.


McCory Cow Ranch
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight
07:45 p.m.


He slams the brake pads and turns into a nicely paved yellow-tinted driveway towards the main house, performing a slow-drive. He respects the ancient land from an ancient time. His mother inherited the land and the house from her husband and her mother-in-law Iredell. Flamingo does not disrespect his biological grandparents.
He parks the sports car on the driveway and then slides out, exhaling with a huff of anger. His anger will carry his mind and his soul through the rest of the evening and into tomorrow.
He struts ahead and enters the unlocked home, where he has lived for the past eighteen years. He stops and then stands inside the entrance hall, scanning the room, wearing a smile. He whispers, “Lots of stuff have happened here. Now, lots more stuff will happen here, without me. I’m gone. Fuck them all!”

At 07:48 p.m., inside the entrance hallway, Flamingo dashes up the staircase and enters his private bedroom on the second floor. He stops and stands inside the room, staring at each award, wearing a smile and then a nasty low sneer. He comments, “That stuff on each wall is my old life teen life. I’m a man now. I’m a new college student within two weeks. My old teenage life is done and gone. My new life waits for no man or woman or river,” he laughs. “I made that up. That’s really good!”
He scoots around each furniture dresser and quickly packs three cloth bags with some of his personal items. Once he starts college, Flamingo will swing and dress similar to the other college students. Right now, he’s transitioning from a high schooler Flamingo into a new life form, mature college student male.
He exits his own bedroom and enters each bedroom of other his brothers, leaving a present, returning back to his bedroom. Flamingo is worried one of his brothers might come back home and find him here at the house.
He returns back into his bedroom and leans over, grabbing the three cloth bags, jerking the straps onto his collar bone and spins around, exiting the room.
Flamingo dashes out his house with his personal bags and enters his sports car, cranking the warm engines, tapping onto the radio. He hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled The Stroke came from the studio album titled Don’t Say No and was performed by the American rock and roll musical artist Billy Squier in the year 1981. The musical song was written by William H. Squier. The musical song was produced by Reinhold Mack and Billy Squier. The musician played Hard Rock and Funk Rock sounds.


Now, everybody, have you heard, if you’re in the game
Then the stroke’s the word
Don’t take no rhythm,
Don’t take no style
Gotta thirst for killing,
Grab your vial. Uh!

Put your right hand out, give a firm handshake
Talk to me about that one big break
Spread your ear pollution, both far and wide
Keep your contributions by your side and

Stroke me, stroke me
Could be a winner, boy, you move mighty well
Stroke me, stroke me (stroke)
Stroke me, stroke me

You got your number down
Stroke me, stroke me
Say, you’re a winner.
But babe, you’re just a sinner now
Put your left foot out, keep it all in place
Work your way right into my face
First, you try to bend me, you make my backbone slide
When you find you’ve bled me, slip on by, and

Stroke me, stroke me
Give me the reason, this is all night long
Stroke me, stroke me
(Stroke)
Stroke me, stroke me
Get yourself together, boy
Stroke me, stroke me
Say, you’re a winner
But, man, you're just a sinner, now

(Stroke, stroke, stroke, stroke, stroke, stroke, stroke)
Better listen now
Said, it ain’t no joke
Don’t let your conscience fail you
Just do the stroke
Don’t you take no chances
Keep your eye on top
Do your fancy dances
You can’t stop, you just

Stroke me, stroke me
(Stroke, stroke)
Stroke me, stroke me
(Stroke, stroke)
Stroke me, stroke me
(Stroke, stroke)
Stroke me, stroke me
(Stroke) do it
Stroke me, stroke me
(Stroke)
Stroke me, stroke me (keep on)
(Stroke)
Stroke me, stroke me
(Stroke)
Stroke me, stroke me
Say, you’re a winner
But, man, you’re just a sinner, now


Flamingo rocks to the familiar song within his driver’s seat and then slowly drives back down the driveway. He enters the country roadway and then speeds down the ride, shouting out loud, “Yeehaw! Fuck them all!”
No police car will stop his ass. Every citizen is located at the hospital, crying over Arie.
Flamingo veers off the country roadway and flies into the interstate, driving south back towards the city of Birmingham.


Lacy Springs Hospital
Private hospital room, Arie McCory
07:49 p.m.


Inside Arie’s private hospital room, Breck has moved from the floor and now sits on top of a hard, tan-colored wooden stool holding her warm, naked hand, exhaling with a set of deep emotions. He can’t cry anymore. He has cried out all his wet tears and his feels of sad and worried emotions. He leans down and softly voices into her warm smooth cheekbone. “Mama, I am so sorry. I am sorry about your medical coma. This is Breck. We missed our high school graduation. Actually, there was not a senior high school graduation. All of my senior classmates are here and downstairs in the ground lobby waiting on you, Mama. Please, open your eyelashes and speak to me! You are the highlight of my life, Mama. I am here with you at the hospital room. I am so sorry. I am so stubborn. Please, don't die! Please, come back to me! Please, open our eyes! Please, say something to me…”
Cinco paces side to side at the rear end of her hospital bed and stares at his mother, exhaling with deep emotions in silence and worry.
A.J. sits on the opposite side of Arie atop a similar hard, wooden stool and holds her other warm but naked hand, sobbing with his sad tears of pain and worry. He and Arie had started their two lives together. And, now, this has happened.
Tommy Lee left the hospital room, after checking on Arie and communicating with A.J. and Cinco about an absent, angry Middle Child Flamingo. He has returned back to the lobby and supervises the activity downstairs.
Flamingo had not caused any type of trouble inside Arie’s hospital room. Breck had started the fight and then ended the battle with Flamingo, who left the hospital. Tommy Lee was greatly disappointed that Flamingo had not broken an arm or blackened an eye socket on one of his tough-ass brothers. Then he could find and then arrest Flamingo making the teen stay with his mother here inside the hospital room.
Inside her hospital room, the glass door silently slides open. Each face turns to see the new person.
A petite, pale-colored, female medical physician moves ahead and wears a stern face. She stops standing at the foot of Arie’s hospital bed, looking down, reading the electronic medical chart on her portal laptop, in silence.
Cinco stops the pacing back and forth on the side wall parallel from her hospital bed, turns to face the hospital bed, and stares down with a worried brow at Arie. He asks, “When is Mama going to open her eyes and move her arms and walk around the room on her legs, doctor?”
The physician looks up from the laptop and examines Arie using her two trained eyeballs. She replies, “A clinic coma is a serious medical emergency. When an individual enters a coma, rapid medical treatment is needed to preserve the body life and the brain function.”
Cinco gasps in alarm and continues to stare at Arie then asks, “Is something wrong with Mama’s brain function, doctor?”
“No. I am required to explain the clinical condition of a coma to each family member. A coma is a medical state of deep unconsciousness for a prolonged or indefinite period of time, especially as a result of severe injury or illness. When Arie crashed into that tall shade tree and wrecked her truck, she received a severe slap on her bone skull coming from a fallen tree limb breaking the windshield.”
Breck continues to hold her hand and stares down at Arie, saying with worry. “We know that. We were there.”
The physician says. “Arie is not brain death either.”
A.J. gasps in alarm then exclaims. “What!”
“What!” Cinco exclaims and then gasps in alarm.
Breck spins around with alarm and stares at the female physician then exclaims. “What!”
The physician looks up and points to each hospital monitor above Arie’s hair roots built into hospital’s headboard. She comments, “Arie is alive. However, her outward signs of bodily presentation include a set of closed eyelids, a set of non-moving limbs, and no pain stimuli, except for her usual reflex movement, such like, breathing air and blood circulating inside each one of her veins. She cannot awaken from her slumber and then walk upright around the bed frame like a normal person. At the crash site, the first responder assessed her alertness, each vocal shout, each pain scream, and her unconsciousness state, which is called an A.V.P.U. Scale or her level of consciousness as unconscious and then declared her to be comatose. She was loaded and transported here inside an ambulance and admitted up here inside the Freehurst Wing. When Arie arrived and settled down into the hospital bed, I evaluated her past and recent medical history, ordered a set of blood tests, a set of physical tests, and a M.R.I. Scan which aids me to find out her head injury ensuring the survival of my patient and securing her breathing and circulation to maximize the amount of oxygen that reaches her brain matter.
“Her personal past and present medical history has never revealed a vision problem, dizziness, stupor or numbness in a limb, before her coma. She does not possess diabetes or carry a history of seizures or stroke or heart disease. She is not taking any legal medications or illegal substances. The final results of each one of her blood tests indicates that her blood count does not show any signs of carbon monoxide poisoning or the presence of legal or illegal drugs. She has normal levels of electrolytes and glucose levels with a normal functioning liver. This is all good and well. I did not administer a lumbar puncture which is known as a spinal tap on her back spine. A lumbar puncture checks for an infection or a genetic disorder. As Arie’s personal physician for decades, she has received her annual medical physical two months ago. She has never inherited a genetic disease from her set of biological parents or grandparents that would cause an infection in the spinal canal and then result in her coma. I checked her personal body reflexes for pain which was good, and her two pupil sizes are normal…”
“Wait!” Cinco exclaims with puzzlement and moves ahead tossing both of his arms in the air. “Wait!” He stops and stands beside the nose profile on the physician, slapping both of his hands down onto the rear end of the hospital bed. “My eardrums are picking up the words, normal and well and good. My mama looks healthy on the outside of her body and sounds healthy on the inside of her body. So, why or how is she still in a coma? It sounds like she shouldn’t be in a coma. Why’s that, doc?”
The physician stares and says to Arie. “Yes, I am saying all of these marvelous adjectives out loud. When I squirted a small amount of cold water into one of her ear canals, each one of her eyelids performed an open reflex with movement. This is all well and good also. And I did not order an M.R.I. or a C.A.T. scanner medical procedure checking for a blockage or other abnormalities inside her brain. I do not believe she has a brain damage.
“Next, I immediately ordered an electroencephalography or E.E.G. medical procedure to measure the electrical activity within her brain matter. Her output stream is very good with a set of very high active measurements, so her brain waves are functioning properly. Then, I finally graded her medical presentation with the Glasgow Coma Scale or G.C.S. which assesses the severity of brain damage following a head injury according to verbal responses, physical responses, and the ease of eyelid lift to see my person.” She nods. “The scores range are stated in numbers. But to save my breath, her final score was poor which indicates a comatose state of mind and body on Arie. And you can see, she is not awake, talking, and moving around the room or inside the bed.”
The female physician exhales with a deep sigh the comments. “I have told you the good news as it can be labeled from a medical point of view. Each person learns from a young age. If there exists a good thing, then there exists a bad thing. I must add the bad news regarding the state of a coma.
“A coma is not sleep as the person does not awaken, like Arie. The level of consciousness and the responsiveness of her mind and her body parts will depend on her inactive or active brain functions. A coma could last a few days or a week or several years. A coma patient does not react to external stimuli like pain or light or noise or sound. A coma patient does not show normal reflex responses like burps, grins, punches, or screams. A comatose patient does not have a sleep and then wake up cycle, like me and you. Also, a person in a coma cannot be roused or awakened and does not move with a set of voluntary actions, such like, leg kicks or hand waves. A coma patient does not wake, but their body follows a normal sleep pattern, performs a set of automatic functions, such as, breathing air in and out from each healthy lung, circulating the red blood cells around each artery. But a coma patient does not talk or show affection to each loved one.
“Based on the latest scientific studies, the National Institutes of Neurological Disorders and Stroke or N.I.N.D.S. Agency has discovered that a coma patient will sometimes perform a soft grimace, a laugh or a cry as an involuntary reflex during their comatose stage. This is a physical sign to watch and observe on Arie, while she rests in a coma.
“Sometimes, a physician will induce a coma using a medication to protect the patient from intense pain during the healing process. But that is not the case here. Arie is not receiving any additional medications, only breathing in the cool air molecules here inside her hospital room.
“A coma patient with deep unconsciousness is at risk of asphyxiation. If she has problems breathing the free air molecules inside this room, which is not the case now, then I will secure her airways with a long plastic breathing tube that passes through the nose and down into the lungs to ensure continued breathes.
“Sometimes, a physician will administer an I.V. of glucose or an antibiotic, if the patient displays diabetic shock or carries a brain infection. That is not the case here either for Arie. If the underlying root cause of the coma is related to kidney failure, liver disease, diabetes, or toxin poison, then I will act accordingly. But this is not the case here. And if her brain starts to swell, then a surgery procedure will be needed to relieve the pressure, but that is not the case here either.
“A coma usually lasts for a few weeks. Then Arie will awaken with a brief smile and maybe some soreness and slight pain in her joints from her non-fatal car accident. However, if the medical condition of the patient changes over an extended period of time, the patient will be reclassified as a persistent vegetative state.”
Breck swallows back the tears of worry and dread, if Arie does not awaken from her coma.
Cinco gasps in shock and then displays wet moisture inside his eyeballs, wiping off each eyelid, feeling both worry and horror for his mother Arie.
A.J. swiftly away from Arie and softly sobs with sorrow producing his own set of hot rolling tears to the side wall of paint and glass while shattering both his hopes and dreams with Arie.
The physician continues to stand at the rear end of her hospital bed and darts her eyeballs to each monitor and then down to see Arie, wearing a stern face, speaking with a firm tone, “If a persistent vegetation state lasts for months, then the patient will not wake up,” she exhales with worry and concern also.” A set of soft sobs fills the quiet room.
She exhales and continues to stare down at Arie then comments. “If her coma-state has resulted from a severe injury to her brain or a subarachnoid hemorrhage occurs, then these medical symptoms will appear suddenly. And I will return immediately and treat the medical condition. If the root cause of her coma can be treated, then Arie might awaken with no permanent damage. When a patient emerges from a coma, the mind is confused at first but usually remembers what had happened, before the coma. And the patient is able to resume their normal life pattern. Sometimes, a set of rehabilitation therapy procedures are required. If there is brain damage inside Arie, she might experience long-term impairment. When she awakens, Arie will need to relearn basic skills, such like, eating or talking or walking. Here at the hospital, our physical and occupational therapy departments work with a patient, so each individual can enjoy a good or better quality of life. And finally, if Arie does not wake up…”
She turns to see Cinco, A.J., and Breck and exhales with worry for Arie and her three sons. However, the third son is missing at the moment. She softly voices. “A comatose patient heals their body at their own pace.”
A.J. wipes off his sad tears of worry and spins around, saying to the physician. “You sound like Almighty God, who likes to take His time, too.”
She turns and smiles at A.J. then expresses, “Thanks for the kind compliment, A.J. I wished that I was Almighty God, sometimes. Then I could heal all of my sick patients.”
Breck continues to stare and feels each one of hot, rolling tears of love, staring down at Arie. He asks, “Is Mama going to die?”
She turns and smiles at Breck’s nose profile then informs. “No, Breck! Arie is very healthy.”
Cinco continues to stare and sobs with worry at Arie then asks, “Why did her body go into a coma? She only had a car accident. That big truck was made to take the brunt of the force and it did. Why’s our mama injured? Why’s she not bleeding on her body or over the bed sheets? Is she bleeding inside her guts? Do you need to operate on my mama?”
At the end of the hospital bed frame, the physician returns and stares, saying to Arie. “All of her medical tests are negative. She has lots of brain activity. You can see her brain pattern waves on the computer monitor above her grayish-blonde hair roots. Her two pupils dilate from bright light, when her two eyelids are opened by my hand. She breathes on her own breathes, without a set of tubes. She does not have a head trauma either.”
A.J. turns and stares, saying to Arie. “Then Arie is technically not in a coma.”
The physician exhales with a puff of concern then comments. “Technically, however, she does not maintain volunteer reflex of her eyelids. Thus, Arie is classified as a coma patient.”
“So, her soul is trapped inside a body that isn’t working.” Breck states then frowns.
Cinco continues to stare with worry at his mother and comments. “What causes her to stay and sleep in a coma? Can you operate with a surgery procedure or reverse her medical condition from this coma-like condition, doctor?”
She continues to stare and speaks to Arie. “A coma is caused by many factors, such like, diabetes or lack of oxygen into the brain or a severe infection or a drug overdose or a traumatic brain injury. Arie had been involved in a traffic collision with a tall ancient shade tree, where that broken tree limb fell down. It broke through the windshield glass and then hit her bone skull. Thus, she entered into a coma. Right now, for Arie, the benefit of constant sensory stimulation, such like, holding her hand and speaking into her earlobe might aid her subconscious to re-emerge back into the world.”
“Mama, she hears me and feels my touch. She’ll awaken soonest, yeah,” Breck states, continues to stroke her hand and stares with worry at his mother.
Cinco wipes off his tears of worry and comments. “Does she really hear my speaking words? Do I need to yell louder for her to hear my speaking words? Does she really continue to think and dream about her three sons and her farm and her home?”
She shrugs her shoulder and continues to stare at each hospital monitor. She explains, “There are numerous documented scientific articles that a comatose patient hears, feel, and understands a set of vocal instructions during their coma-like sleep state. But it is still an unproven medical theory. Now, each one of you can stay the night here inside the hospital room for as long as needed. But I would strongly recommend that one or two of you go back home and try to sleep inside a real bed mattress. Your back spine is going to start aching from the hard stool and the rough loveseat cushions. I will return tomorrow morning and check on Arie’s progress.” The physician back steps from the bed and spins around, exiting the hospital room.
Inside the hospital room, Cinco stares and says with worry at Arie. “I believe her assigned medical physician. She says that all of her medical tests are negative. That means, to me, all the physicians and the nurses cannot find any medical problem with her healthy body. The only conclusion to draw is that our mama has broken heart.”
Breck frowns then says to Arie, “Naw!”
He nods and expresses. “Yes. Mama has a broken heart, Breck. Mama needs to hear his voice, the voice of Flamingo. Flamingo has not forgiven her. I mean, Mama was wrong…”
“Shut it, Cinco!” He shouts then growls at his baby triplet brother, “You’re making stuff up about Mama. She’ll come awake tomorrow. She only rests inside her hospital bed from the violent impact of that tree into that truck. Mama tore my truck into small pieces of metal and ribbons of engine parts. No other person would survive that accident. Mama hit the front of my truck on that tree trunk really good. Once she finishes her restful sleep, Mama will wake up feeling much better and talking to us, tomorrow morning. Then, we all leave the hospital and go back home as a happy family again.”
Cinco sneers then says. “And then, you tell our mama that our brother Flamingo is not coming back home forever. She’ll have a heart attack then and come back into the hospital with a real broken heart. You need to go and track down Flamingo, Breck. You need to apology to Flamingo. Flamingo’s right. You caused that fucking car accident. You gave Mama your key fob, when she couldn’t see the road wearing her thick tears of worry and then started to drive ahead anyways. She was crying and upset about the way Flamingo had acted inside the court room. I can understand the way Flamingo had acted and reacted. I’d be pissed off all the way to the moon too, if no one believed that I was telling the truth. And Flamingo was telling the truth. Breck…”
“Mama,” he says to her face. “She’ll understand completely. Flamingo’s an asshole and acts like an asshole to her, all the time. Flamingo, he can go and do whatever he wants to do now. I don’t really give a damn.”
Cinco sneers then states. “Our mama will give a damn. Maybe, this is best for our mama.”
He drops the hand and slides off the hard stool, spinning around with a gasp and then a growl at Cinco, “What! What in the fuck are you saying, Cinco?”
Cinco jabs his finger at his mother and then says at Breck. “Mama will be happier in a coma without knowing that Flamingo is never coming back home, because of you, Breck.”
Breck charges ahead with a sneer and collides into an upright shorter body frame on A.J. A.J. grunts from the teenly impact and then spins Breck around to face Arie again, sneering into the cheekbone on Breck. A.J. orders, “Stop this! No more fighting! This is enough! Arie can hear every word that both of you are yelling out loud here inside her hospital room. Stop this! Stop fighting! Or I’ll bring Tommy Lee and his two deputies back up here and stand guard between each one of you. Look! We need to pray and then we need to eat. Then we need to pray again. You heard the medical physician. Arie must heal her own body at her own pace. This event may happen tonight. Or this event might happen in a couple of days.” He shoves Breck away from his shorter body and says with a growl. “Breck, it’s your turn to go and get the supper meal. Go and get one of your relatives to bring up a tray of hot food! I don’t care what the meal is. I’m hunger and I’m tired of your feline cat fighting. Get going now!”
Breck slowly back steps and hisses at A.J. and then stares at his mother, presenting a sour frown in silence, slamming into the closed glass door. He reaches back and opens the door while still staring at Arie. He back steps into the hallway and as the glass door closes shut in silence. He continues to stare at Arie through the glass window feeling scared and worry and then spins around with a sour frown, moving down the hallway and wipes off his new set of hot sad tears. Then he presents a new brave face for each nosy and annoying blood-related relative, who asks too many questions without an answer.
Inside the hospital room, A.J. stares at Arie and then orders to the teen. “Cinco, go and get each one of your relatives to come back inside the hospital room and softly talk with Arie. We’ll rotate each family member with their speaking voice into Arie’s face for two hours. Maybe, one of them can reach her mind and awaken Arie.”
Cinco stares at his mother with worry. Every family member, including Moe, has sit on top of that hard, tan-colored, wooden bar stool, held her hand, and then softly talked to Arie.
Arie has not awakened, because she’s waiting her third missing son to whisper his words: I love you, Mama.
Cinco sneers at the rear hairy skull on a shorter A.J. feeling both scared and worry and then spins around, exiting the hospital room, stomping down the hallway. His family members are huddled in the middle of the hallway and stare at the closed elevator door, where Flamingo has departed. Each one talks nasty about Flamingo also.
Cinco stops, stands, and then touches the collar bone on Iredell, sounding with a deep sigh, presenting a worried brow. He says, “Grandmother, we’re going to try to talk and awoken Mama again. Could you please come and talk to Mama first?”
“Of course, Cinco, I’m happy to follow you and see Arie.” Iredell replies and back steps from the huddle sounding with an anger sneer at the other people then spins around, cuddling her grandson. She wears a confident smile and slowly shuffles back down the hallway. She says, “Dear, Arie is both strong and strong-minded. She’s both healthy and fine. She’ll awaken when she wants too.”
He nods and then says with a stern face. “Flamingo, he…he can awaken her. Mama, she’s listening for his voice. I know it. I feel it.”
She nods and then says with a smile. “I do believe that to be so, also.”
He stops and gasps in shock and then states. “Then…then go and tell Breck, Grandmother! Breck, he’s mad at Flamingo. And he…he ran Flamingo off from the hospital ward. Flamingo didn’t get to speak to our mama.”
She tugs on his arm and pulls Cinco back toward the hallway saying with a confident smile. “That’s brotherly nonsense, Cinco. Flamingo is a strong and strong-minded teen. He does things his way, since birth. I find it funny. The Middle Child is usually the most mellow and docile among the three siblings, except for Flamingo.”
Cinco and Iredell both enter the hospital room, stop, and then stand a few feet from the hospital bed while staring at Arie.
A.J. exits the hospital room and holds back his tears of worry for Arie. He has not known Arie long, but through her deceased husband Breck, Junior.
Breck, Junior toted around colorful photographs and talked about his wife and his three newborn babies all the time, during each battle mission. A.J. always thought Almighty God was a cruel entity taking away a devoted husband and a loving father from the planet, while leaving a bachelor of mischief instead.
A.J. joined the United States of America. military service, after receiving a doctoral degree in the study of world politics, which was a useless college degree to piss off his wealthy demanding biological parents. Once he joined the military, his parents became very worried about the life force of their only child, offering both money and financial incentives for his return back home to rural part of small town Athens, within U.S. State of Alabama.
A.J. had acted like Flamingo and told his parents to fuck off too. A.J. enjoyed his independence from his parents and the freedom of travel while meeting a remarkable individual, Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior. They became both instant friends and military buddies.
After surviving the fatal battle mission on foreign soil, A.J. survived, by the miracle of Almighty God’s hand or His humor, as each one of his other military friends had not. A.J. searched using his mixed emotions of anger, fury, and revenge for both the spy and the traitor, finally finding the handsome man inside a small cow town named Lacy Springs.
A.J. had not been the only admirer of Breck, Junior and his family unit.
A.J. tattled his new plan to the local United States of America military base commander and then involved another devoted team member, Iredell McCory Balegreen. The grand plan had been hatched and the outcome had been coming to a draw.
During the way, A.J. crossed pathways with Mrs. Arie Balegreen and enjoyed her company without revealing his past history with her deceased husband. Once the terrible deed had been done, A.J. voluntarily explained to Arie first, what had happened and what had to happen, ending the tragic demon tale.
Arie had taken great comfort in the tender words and the tender touches coming from A.J. while reliving the adventures of her deceased husband Breck, Junior, also. A.J. had shared numerous stories of their fun, dangerous, and crazy adventures in the U.S. military while personally feeling part of Arie’s past life and hopefully her future life.
They had connected through the stars or the heavens or the miracle of life and death.
Inside the hospital room, exiting through the glass hospital door, into the quiet hallway, A.J. can barely stare at the lovely Arie, not seeing her happy smile from her happy life, coming from a terrible car accident.
A.J. feels responsible for not stopping both the body motion and stubborn mind on a lively Arie. Breck had given Arie his car fob to his personal pickup truck. Honestly, A.J. thought Arie would slide into the oversized truck seat and sit there inside while drowning her face in sadness and tears.
He had not realized the grave situation. Arie had started and moved the truck forward, until she crashed the nose grill into a tall shade tree. The tree immediately broken in half and then collapsed down on top of the metal rooftop on the pickup truck. Part of the metal rooftop bust and then landed down on top of her hair roots knocking Arie into an unconscious state, inside the damaged cab.
Now, Arie has been in a coma, with unresponsive movements, since Thursday at high noon. And Flamingo has been gone, since the same time period, also.
A.J. slowly stumbles ahead in blinding tears, slams into the wall, hiding inside the far wall corner of pink paint, sobbing with his tears of worry, angry, and depression. Previously, he had been able to move mountains, using both his words and his fists. But this matter is more than his mental mind and his physical body can handle. He silently prays for Almighty Father, Brother Christ Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and his heavenly angels to help Arie regain her happy spirit and lovely earth soul. 
Inside Arie’s hospital room, Iredell releases the arm on Flamingo and moves ahead sitting down on top of the short stool, reaching out with a smile and touches the hand on Arie. She softly speaks, “Arie, I know you can hear my old wise words. Flamingo is both safe and fine. He will come back to you. You only need to continue to rest and have patience. Both of you have been through a lot of heartaches and headaches. But, now, the heartache is gone, and the healing process must begin. Arie, I love you like a daughter. I wished that Breck, Junior was here with us. But he is not. But you are still here with me, Arie.
“And don’t worry about Jeranda, her baby, and her mother, Arie. I have given them a nice house on my land property for free of charge and I have found her mother a nice quiet office job at the local Feed Store, where I own the business anyways. Her mother will make a good salary and provide a nice home for both her daughter and her grandson with the aid of my financial assistance, like Brother Jesus wants each one of us to do. I know you would do that too for Jeranda and the baby, Arie, but you have been through so much. And Jeranda would not accept help from you. And I have employed that nasty but smartass lawyer Lithia to change the baby’s name and find the true father of that baby, so the true biological father can sorta help with social, mental, and financial responsibilities. So, you enjoy your sleeping rest! When your three sons are come back home, there’ll be plenty of happy celebration in your future,” she leans down and kisses the forehead on Arie, pulling back with a smile of hope in faith and love.
Cinco hears the nice words but still feels both helpless and hopeless, slowly back steps with a sad face and stands outside in an empty, cold hallway, sobbing with his own tears of worry, and silently prays for Arie to regain her motherly personality. He misses her smiles, her hugs, and her tender kisses on his cheekbone, staring at his mother inside the hospital bed.
On the ground floor, Breck exits from a side hospital elevator avoiding the lobby area leading into a different level of the hospital. He cannot face any of his childhood friends or the other worried citizens of Lacy Springs, who continue to stand, sit, and huddle inside the lobby area praying for Arie. He stumbles ahead and slides down at an empty dining room table, sobbing with his own heated rolling tears. He feels anger, hate, and fury at his brother Flamingo. But he also feels both sadness and depression at his own person.
Breck had been the cause of the car accident, giving Arie his vehicle fob. Then he stood inside the court room with fury at his brother Flamingo never thinking his mother would actually start and then steer his massive pickup truck, only sit inside the front passenger seat while crying for her Middle Child’s nasty behavior.


09:01 p.m.
hot temperatures and moonlight with bright stars
Interstate 65 roadway
Exit ramp setting

City of Birmingham, within U.S. State of Alabama
  (90 miles south from Lacy Springs)


Flamingo slams the brake pads on his sports car and sounds with a chuckle dialing down the volume on one of his favorite rock and rock musical song.
The musical song entitled I Love Rock n’ Roll was released in the month of December, in the year 1981, by the American musical rock and roll band named Joan Jett and the Blackhearts. The songwriters were Alan Merrill and Jake Hooker. The musical producers were Ritchie Cordell and Kenny Laguna. The musical band played Hard Rock sounds.


I saw him dancing there by the record machine
I knew he must a been about seventeen
The beat was going strong
Playing my favorite song
And I could tell it wouldn't be long
Until he was with me. Yeah, me!
And I could tell it wouldn't be long
Until he was with me. Yeah, me! Singing

I love rock n’ roll
So, put another dime in the jukebox, baby
I love rock n’ roll
So, come and take your time and dance with me
Ow!

He smiled, “So I got up and asked for his name.”
“That don’t matter!”, he said, “Cause, it’s all the same.”
I said, “Can I take you home, where we can be alone?”
And next, we were moving on
He was with me. Yeah, me!
Next, we were moving on
He was with me. Yeah, me! Singing

I love rock n’ roll
So, put another dime in the jukebox, baby
I love rock n’ roll
So, come and take your time and dance with me
Ow!

Said, “Can I take you home, where we can be alone?”
Next, we were moving on
He was with me. Yeah, me!
And we’ll be moving on
And singing that same old song
Yeah, with me, singing

I love rock n’ roll
So, put another dime in the jukebox, baby
I love rock n’ roll
So, come and take your time and dance with me

I love rock n’ roll
So, put another dime in the jukebox, baby
I love rock n’ roll
So, come and take your time and dance with

I love rock n’ roll
So, put another dime in the jukebox, baby
I love rock n’ roll
So, come and take your time and dance with

I love rock n’ roll
So, put another dime in the jukebox, baby
I love rock n’ roll
So, come and take your time and dance with

I love rock n’ roll
So, put another dime in the jukebox, baby
I love rock n’ roll
So, come and take your time and dance with me


Flamingo veers down a circular ramp then slows the car speed slowly, carefully driving down the main roadway in Birmingham. He shouts with delight, “Without gassing my car, I made it into the city of Birmingham in record time under ninety minutes again. Man, I’m great!”
He’s not familiar with the individual city streets during the daylight and does not want to chance a car accident during the darkness of night.
He slowly drives ahead and narrows his two eyelids in the darkness, carefully searching for his hotel building and turns into the parking deck. He halts the vehicle inside the underground garage section at the hotel and then kills the engine. He slams the steering wheel and smiles then yells out loud, “Well, I think my shit ass relatives completely understand me now. Fuck them all!”
He laughs with amusement and slides out his car seat grabbing his three personal bags, locking the car for both security and safety. He lives in one of the top ten dangerous towns in the USA, Birmingham, Alabama. He moves ahead and watches the dark corners and the street pavement then halts in front of the closed elevator doors and presses the button. The carriage is quick and empty tonight. Flamingo enters an empty carriage and selects the lobby button hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Against the Wind coming from the studio album with the same name Against the Wind was released on April 1980, by the American musical artist Bob Seger. The musical song was produced by Bill Szymczyk and recorded at Criteria Studios in Miami, Florida. The musical song was a mid-tempo ball with country rock overtones with a piano background playing at 05 minutes and 34 minutes.
The band members included Bob Seger (vocals); Glenn Frey (background vocals); Paul Harris (piano; organ); Chris Campbell (bass guitar); David Teegarden (drums) and Drew Abbott (electric guitar).


Against the wind
We were running against the wind
We were young and strong
We were running against the wind

And the years rolled slowly past, and I found myself alone
Surrounded by strangers, I thought were my friends
Found myself further and further from my home and I

I guess, I lost my way, there were O so many roads
I was living to run and running to live
Never worried about paying or even how much I owe


Moving eight miles a minute for months at a time
Breaking all of the rules that would bend
I began to find myself searching
Searching for shelter again and again

Against the wind
Little something against the wind
I found myself seeking shelter against the wind

Well, those drifter’s days are past me now
I’ve got so much more to think about
Deadlines and commitments
What to leave in? What to leave out?

Against the wind
I’m still running against the wind
I’m older now but still running against the wind


The silver-tinted metal-coated elevator doors close shut. The carriage lifts up and then stops at lobby area in the Birmingham Hotel. Flamingo exits the carriage and strolls down the new hallway while hearing a familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Purple Rain was written by American musical singer and songwriter Prince and performed by Prince and the Revolution. The musical song recorded on August 3, 1983, during a live benefit concert for the Minnesota Dance Theatre, at the First Avenue Nightclub, in Minneapolis, Minnesota and released to the public on September 26, 1984 coming from the studio album with the same name, Purple Rain.
The musical song was written in the musical key of B flat major and was listed as a ballad after his band members started mixing a combination of rock, R&B, gospel, and orchestral musical tones during a six-hour rehearsal, thus creating the new musical tune. The title comes from combination of red hue and blue color creates the tone of purple. The word, purple rain, represents the end of the world with the person you love letting your faith guide you to Almighty God. The musical song opens with a lone guitar riff followed by live drumming and an electric piano sounding like a church gospel musical song. Three musical verses are followed by a musical chorus. The song ends with a guitar solo then a piano solo and finally orchestral strings playing for 08 minutes and 41 seconds.
Prince’s vocal musical notes span from second octave B flat to six octave C sharp.
The musical song was dedicated to Prince’s biological father.
The band members included Prince (vocals; guitar); Wendy Melvoin (rhythm guitar; backing vocals); Lisa Coleman (keyboards; backing vocals); Matt Fink (keyboards): Brown Mark (bass guitar; backing vocals); Bobby Z. (drums; percussion); Novi Novog (violin; viola); David Coleman (cello) and Suzie Katayama (cello).


I never meant to cause you any sorrow
I never meant to cause you any pain
I only wanted one time to see you laughing
I only want to see you laughing in the purple rain

Purple rain, purple rain
Purple rain, purple rain
Purple rain, purple rain

I only want to see you bathing in the purple rain

I never wanted to be your weekend lover
I only wanted to be some kind of friend
Baby, I could never steal you from another
It’s such a shame our friendship had to end

Purple rain, purple rain
Purple rain, purple rain
Purple rain, purple rain

I only want to see you underneath the purple rain

Honey, I know. I know. I know times are changing
It’s time, we all reach out for something new
That means you too
You say you want a leader
But you can’t seem to make up your mind
I think you better close it
And let me guide you to the purple rain

Purple rain, purple rain
Purple rain, purple rain

If you know, what I’m singing about up here
Come on! Raise your hand

Purple rain, purple rain

I only want to see you, only want to see you
In the purple rain


Flamingo enters the ground floor restaurant and hears the familiar musical song while waiting in line for food.
The musical song entitled Ring of Fire was written by June Carter and Merle Kilgore and performed by country musical artist Johnny Cash. The musical song released in the year 1967.


Love is a burning thing
And it makes a fiery ring
Bound by wild desire
I fell into a ring of fire

I fell into a burning ring of fire
I went down, down, down and the flames went higher
And it burns, burns, burns, the ring of fire
The ring of fire

I fell into a burning ring of fire
I went down, down, down and the flames went higher
And it burns, burns, burns, the ring of fire
The ring of fire

The taste of love is sweet
When hearts like ours meet
I fell for you like a child
O! But the fire went wild

I fell into a burning ring of fire
I went down, down, down and the flames went higher
And it burns, burns, burns, the ring of fire
The ring of fire

I fell into a burning ring of fire
I went down, down, down and the flames went higher
And it burns, burns, burns, the ring of fire
The ring of fire

And it burns, burns, burns, the ring of fire
The ring of fire
The ring of fire
The ring of fire


He quickly purchases a sack of fresh hot food with a cold beverage, exiting the diner, strutting down the lobby hallway and hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Respect was written and recorded first by American soul singer and songwriter Otis Redding and released in the year 1965 from his studio album Otis Blue/Otis Redding Sings Soul.
On February 14, 1967, American soul musical artist Aretha Franklin recorded a new version of the musical song with smooth tenor saxophone solo, hard piano musical notes, spelled out the word, respect, and added the household expression: Sock it to me.
The musical song released on April 29, 1967 from the studio album I Never Loved a Man the Way I Love You. The musical song was produced by Jerry Wexler.
The band members included Aretha Franklin (lead vocals; piano); Spooner Oldham (organ); Chips Moman (guitar); Jimmy Johnson (guitar); Tommy Cogbill (bass guitar); Roger Hawkins (drums); King Curtis (tenor saxophone); Charles Chalmers (tenor saxophone); Willie Bridges (baritone saxophone); Melvin Lastie (cornet); Carolyn Franklin (background vocals) and Erma Franklin (background vocals).


Hey, what you want?
(Ooo!) Baby, I got
(Ooo!) What you need?
(Ooo!) Do you know I got it?
(Ooo!) All I’m asking
(Ooo!) Is for a little respect, when you come home (just a little bit)?
Hey, baby! (Just a little bit) when you get home
(Just a little bit) mister (just a little bit)

I ain’t gonna do you wrong, while you’re gone
Ain’t gonna do you wrong (Ooo!) Cause, I don't wanna (Ooo!)
All I’m asking. (Ooo!)
Is for a little respect when you come home (Just a little bit)?
Baby! (Just a little bit) when you get home (Just a little bit)
Yeah! (Just a little bit)

I’m about to give you all of my money
And all I’m asking in return, honey
Is to give me my profits?

When you get home (Just a, just a, just a, just a)
Yeah baby! (Just a, just a, just a, just a)
When you get home (Just a little bit).
Yeah! (Just a little bit) Do it for me, now? Just a little bit

Ooo! Your kisses (Ooo!)
Sweeter than honey (Ooo!)
And guess what? (Ooo!)
So, is my money? (Ooo!)
All I want you to do (Ooo!) for me
Is give it to me when you get home (re, re, re, re)?
Yeah baby! (Re, re, re, re)
Whip it to me! (Respect, just a little bit)
When you get home, now! (Just a little bit)

R-E-S-P-E-C-T
Find out what it means to me
R-E-S-P-E-C-T
Take care, T.C.B.
O! (Sock it to me, sock it to me
Sock it to me, sock it to me)
A little respect! (Sock it to me, sock it to me
Sock it to me, sock it to me)
Whoa, babe! (Just a little bit)
A little respect! (Just a little bit)
I get tired. (Just a little bit)
Keep on trying. (Just a little bit)
You’re running out of fooling. (Just a little bit)
And I ain’t lying. (Just a little bit)

Respect
When you come home (Re, re, re, re)
Or you might walk in (Respect, just a little bit)
And find out I’m gone (Just a little bit)
I got to have (Just a little bit)
A little respect (Just a little bit)


Flamingo halts and waits on the elevator carriage smelling the food items in the sack, slurping on the cold dark soda, wiggling his two bone hips along with the jazzy musical notes from the song Respect.
The carriage halts. The metal doors slide open. The carriage is semi-empty. Flamingo enters the carriage and spins around standing against the rear wall. He shouts to the front line guests his hotel room floor, “Fourteenth floor, please!”
The elevator carriage plays the familiar musical song and then starts to slowly venture upwards towards the fourteenth floor.
The musical song entitled Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go was written by singer and songwriter and record producer George Michael and performed by British musical duo Wham!
The song was released from the studio album Make It Big, on May 14, 1984 in the United Kingdom and then released on August 18, 1984 in the United States of America.
The musical duo included George Michael and Andrew Ridgeley and played Dance and Pop sounds.
The musical song was inspired when bandmate Andrew Ridgeley had left a note for his parents that read: wake me up-up, before you go-go. He had mistakenly written down twice the words, up and go.
The musical song was recorded in February 1984, within two days, at the Sarm West Studio 2 in London, England with a live rhythm section of musicians.


Jitterbug
Jitterbug
Jitterbug
Jitterbug

You put the boom-boom into my heart
You send my soul sky-high
When your loving starts
Jitterbug into my brain
Goes a bang-bang-bang
Until my feet do the same

But something’s bugging me
Something ain’t right
My best friend told me
What you did last night
You left me sleeping in my bed
I was dreaming
But I should’ve been with you instead

Wake me up, before you go-go
Don’t leave me, hanging on, like a yo-yo
Wake me up, before you go-go
I don’t wanna miss it, when you hit that high

Wake me up, before you go-go
Cause, I’m not planning on going solo
Wake me up, before you go-go
Take me dancing tonight
I wanna hit that high. Yeah! Yeah!

You take the grey skies outta my way
You make the sun shine brighter than Doris Day
You turned a bright spark into a flame
My beats per minute never been the same

Cause, you’re my lady
I’m your fool
It makes me crazy, when you act so cruel
Come on, baby!
Let’s not fight
We’ll go dancing
Everything will be alright

Wake me up, before you go-go
Don’t leave me hanging on, like a yo-yo
Wake me up, before you go-go
I don’t wanna miss it, when you hit that high

Wake me up, before you go-go
Cause, I’m not planning on going solo
Wake me up, before you go-go
Take me dancing tonight
I wanna hit that high. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah, baby!

Cuddle up, baby!
Move in tight
We’ll go dancing tomorrow night
It’s cold out there
But it’s warm in bed
They can dance
We’ll stay home instead
(Jitterbug)

Wake me up, before you go-go
Don’t leave me hanging on, like a yo-yo

Wake me up, before you go-go
I don’t wanna miss it, when you hit that high

Wake me up, before you go-go
Cause, I’m not planning on going solo

Wake me up, before you go-go
Take me dancing tonight

Wake me up, before you go-go
Don’t you dare to leave me hanging on, like a yo-yo?

Take me dancing
A boom-boom-boom-boom. O!
A boom-boom-boom-boom (Yeah! Yeah!)
(Take me dancing tonight) Yeah!
Yeah, yeah


On the 14th floor level, at 09:31 p.m., Flamingo exits the elevator carriage and moves down the familiar hallway minus the employees and all the noisy guests. The hallway is both quiet and empty. He stops and enters into his rented hotel room, seeing the same room and the same messy bed covers, dropping down the three bags onto the floor, slapping his chest with a smile. 
He yells, “This is the life. I was a farm boy. Now, I’m a city boy. I do believe this fact. I’ll enjoy living in the city, during my long college days. And I might start my medical practice here, not there in Lacy Springs.”
He moves ahead and sits down on the arm chair of the furniture piece, staring out the glass window, eating the fast food bag of greasy food. The nighttime is different from the daytime hours here in Birmingham. Each tall skyscraper glows with yellow tinted power from each window underneath a dark blue night sky filled with twinkling stars. Down on the streets, rows of vehicles slowly flow over the dark pavement, going someplace else. This is Friday night within metro city Birmingham. He finishes the food and burps out loud, tossing the used paper boxes down into the tiny trash can.
He stands upright from the arm of the chair and nods with a smile then comments. “I like it here. I like the change. I’m a new man. I’m eighteen years old. I feel good here.” He spins around and dashes ahead, jumping from the carpet, flying through the air and lands on top of the messy soft bed mattress. He says with a smile. “Yay! I’m free. Yeah, I’m a new man. What’s the new free man going to do now? The night’s dark. The hour’s young. The man’s free.” He lays on top of the bed, exhaling with freedom. “What am I going to do now?” He laughs. “I know. I should explore the city of Birmingham. Yeah. I mean, yes. I’m a new adult here, not a teenager there,” he softly chuckles at his silly statement.
“I should explore the new city limits of Birmingham. I’m new resident. I might be a permanent resident as I’m no longer moving back to my home town, I mean, the small town of Lacy Springs.” He reaches over and grabs dragging the slick, glossy triangular display that shows all the attractions within the city of Birmingham. He leans against the bed frame and wears a smile. “Let us see here! I see a tiny array of colorful animals including a giraffe and an elephant. This is the Birmingham Zoo. No. I do not believe in caging a wild animal for any reason like viewing the poor mammal for fun. A wild animal belongs in the wild wilderness or wild jungle. I will not visit the zoo. My mother…”
He exhales with annoyance, “Geez! I gotta quit referencing my old life. Well, I’ve learned to love and respect animals in the wild, not cage them. I see a tin array of colorful flowers. The Exotic Gardens is another attraction place here in Birmingham. Thousands of plant and flowers live within The Exotic Gardens. No. I lived on a cow and horse farm. I know more about plants, flowers, bushes, trees, and grass than the average city slicker. There are numerous golf courses. I have ever played the sporting game of golf. I do not own a set of golf courses either. However, that may be an option for tomorrow afternoon. The time is nine o’clock at night. Geez! The days has passed quickly, since my court date,” he laughs. “That sounds funny. A court date like a female date, but with a judge and jury, that has ended well for me.” He laughs with an evil tone then presents a shitty grin. “I don’t wonder about you, Jeranda, anymore. And I don’t give a shit about you or your baby, either, Jeranda.”
He continues to flip through the triangular advertisement then says. “Wow! There’s a car museum here. The Barber Vintage Motorsports Museum owns thousands of cars and motorcycles. Yeah, that’s a place to visit. However, the museum is closed now. It closed at five o’clock this evening.”
He continues to scan the advertisement paper triangle and comments. “Come and visit the Vulcan! Vulcan is a huge iron statue of a burly, bearded, half-naked man on top of a tall silver tinted tower that overlooks the city of Birmingham. Vulcan is the Roman god of fire and forge. The statue of Vulcan symbolizes the iron ore production and watches over the city. That’s cool! But the park is closed now too. I might see a huge iron statue of Roman God Vulcan tomorrow morning,” he softly laughs.
He continues to scan the advertisement pictures and comments. “Sloss Furnaces is an art museum and a haunted house. That sounds like fun. I’m up for fun and seeing a ghost, maybe he or she can tell me my future,” Flamingo softly chuckles.
He smiles then states. “Sloss Furnaces is a closed down pig iron-producing blast furnace that started in the year 1881 and then closed in the year 1971. Wow! That’s 99 years of production and three or four generation of workers. The art center has a set of metal artists that work on site and create a metal art work. That’s cool! Why is it haunted with a ghost?”
He reaches down and touches the pocket on his wrinkled and dirty cargo pants with a deep sigh. “Yeah, that was a smart move, tossing away your mobile telephone, Flamingo.” He looks up with a smile. “I have a desktop computer inside my hotel room. For five hundred dollars per night, I should have a personal hand maiden too, for a pleasurable blow job,” he loudly laughs.
He slides off the bed mattress and moves ahead, sitting down at the office desk, typing on the keyboard. “The keyboard is locked. No. I have a fucking pass-code somewhere. It’s on my paid hotel invoice.” He whips out the sheet of paper and examines the information, “Yeah! The secret pass-code to the computer is here.”
He types in the password: 12345.
He laughs out loud with a nod. “That’s not very secure security system, ya’ll!” Flamingo types on the computer keyboard and accesses the internet waves viewing the website, reading out loud. “There have been over one hundred recorded reports of unexplainable strange activity there at Sloss Furnace factories. Sloss Furnace is a historic landmark in Birmingham. The furnace opened in the year 1881, producing raw coal into steel plates. The skyscrapers in New York City and the automobiles in the city of Detroit were filled with the steel plates coming from the Sloss Furnace factory. That’s cool! However, during the nightshift production of a skeleton work crew, accidents started occurring from either or both the lack of sleep and carelessness of work functions. Most of the work crew was composed to poor workers, who lived in poverty here in Birmingham and needed a job. So, the nightshift foreman literally drove some of the workers literally to their death. That’s so cruel! The Sloss Furnace factory is haunted by all of those dead souls. That’s so real! Yeah, I can visit the haunted factory tonight. The hour is close to nine pm. However, I don’t really know the location of the Sloss Furnace place. I should stay inside the hotel room tonight. The night is dark, and the time is late,” he slides off the chair and spins around, jumping back on top of the messy bed mattress, flipping onto his back space. He lifts the book near his sour frown. “I didn’t feel like reading about The Quartet brothers now either.”
He drops the book and picks up the advertisement triangle again, viewing a set of new glossy pictures presenting a smile. “Birmingham has a baseball park. Hey! The city has a professional baseball team. Does the professional baseball team play tonight with another professional baseball team?”
He slides off the bed mattress again and then spins around moving back to the computer laptop on the desk, sitting down and types on the keyboard. He reads the screen with a smile. “Yeah, there’s a baseball game going on right now. Yeehaw! I wanna see the baseball game, mama.” He stands upright and pats each pocket on his cargo pants, feeling each item. He slowly encircles the room, stops and then stands back in front of the computer, saying with a smile. “I got my wallet, my car fob, and my hotel key. Nothing worth stealing is left behind, but my wet swimming trunks. The thieves can have them. I’ll purchase a new pair tomorrow,” he spins around with laughter and stares out the glass window. “Let’s see! I’m facing in a southern direction inside my hotel room. Based on the map, on the paper advertisement triangle, the baseball field is facing in a northern direction.”
He leans down and types on the keyboard, viewing the computer screen. “The baseball field is a few city blocks in the northern direction from my hotel building. I can walk in the northern direction towards the game stadium and playing field. I don’t know where to park my car anyways. Parking inside the game stadium is very expensive also. The football game has already started in play. I can get into the game field for free of charge, but parking my car is not for free of charge. Well, I might be rich guy, but I must learn to save all of my pennies and nickels for that bad thunderstorm, Mama. So, I didn’t need my car fob. Where do I hide them from a thief? I don’t want my car stolen that would terrible.” He shuffles around the room and then secretly stores his car fob behind the wooden bed frame in one of the dark leg corners. No one will think to look for his set of personal items, such like, his car fob there.
He spins around with laughter and shuffles each personal item inside and around an empty pocket on his pair of dirty cargo pants, exiting the hotel room, walking down the hallway and enters the elevator carriage. He hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song In the Air Tonight was released from the studio album named Face Value, on January 09, 1981 and performed by English drummer, singer, and songwriter Phil Collins.
The musical song was produced by Phil Collins and Hugh Padgham. The musician played Soft Pop sounds. The musical band members included Phil Collins (lead vocals, drums); Daryl Stuermer (guitar); John Giblin (bass guitar), and L. Shankar (violin).


Can feel it coming in the air tonight? O lord!
And I’ve been waiting for this moment, for all my life. O lord!
Can you feel it coming in the air tonight? O lord! O lord!

Well, if you told me you were drowning
I would not lend a hand
I’ve seen your face, before my friend
But I don’t know, if you know, who I am

Well, I was there, and I saw what you did
I saw it with my own two eyes
So, you can wipe off that grin, I know where you’ve been
It’s all been a pack of lies

And I can feel it coming in the air tonight. O lord!
Well, I’ve been waiting for this moment for all my life. O lord!
I can feel it coming in the air tonight. O lord!
Well, I’ve been waiting for this moment for all my life.
O lord! O lord!

Well, I remember. I remember. Don’t worry!
How could I ever forget?
It’s the first time, the last time we ever met
But I know the reason, why you keep this silence up
No! You don’t fool me
The hurt doesn’t show, but the pain still grows
It’s no stranger to you and me

I can feel it coming in the air tonight. O lord!
Well, I’ve been waiting for this moment for all my life. O lord!
I can feel it in the air tonight. O lord! O lord!
Well, I’ve been waiting for this moment for all my life. O lord!

I can feel it coming in the air tonight. O lord!
And I’ve been waiting for this moment for all my life. O lord!
I can feel it in the air tonight. O lord! O lord!
Well, I’ve been waiting for this moment for all my life. O lord! O lord!
I can feel it in the air tonight. O lord! O lord!
Well, I’ve been waiting for this moment for all my life. O lord! O lord!


At 09:32 p.m., the elevator carriage stops. The doors open. Flamingo exits the carriage and hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Walk Like an Egyptian and released on their studio album named Different Light, on January 02, 1986, by the American pop rock musician band named The Bangles. The musical song was written by Liam Hillard Sternberg. The musical song was produced by David Kahne. The musician band was formed in the city of Los Angeles, within the U.S. State of California, in the year 1981. The band members included Susanna Hoffs (guitars, vocals); Debbi Peterson (bass, vocals); Vicki Peterson (guitar, vocals), and Michael Steele (bass guitar, vocals).


All the old paintings on the tombs
They do the sand dance, don’t you know?
If they move too quick (O! Whey! O!)
They’re falling down like a domino

All the bazaar men by the Nile
They got the money on a bet
Gold crocodiles (O! Whey! O!)
They snap their teeth on your cigarette
Foreign types with the hookah pipes say
(Whey! O! Whey! O! Ay! O! Whey! O!)
Walk like an Egyptian

The blonde waitresses take their trays
They spin around and they cross the floor
They’ve got the moves (O! Whey! O!)
You drop your drink, then they bring you more

All the school kids, so sick of books
They like the punk and the metal band
When the buzzer rings (O! Whey! O!)
They’re walking like an Egyptian

All the kids in the marketplace say
(Whey! O! Whey! O! Ay! O! Whey! O!)
Walk like an Egyptian

Slide your feet up the street, bend your back
Shift your arm, then you pull it back
Life is hard, you know! (O! Whey! O!)
So, strike a pose on a Cadillac

If you wanna find all the cops
They’re hanging out in the donut shop
They sing and dance! (O! Whey! O!)
They spin the clubs, cruise down the block

All the Japanese with their yen
The party boys call, the Kremlin
And the Chinese know! (O! Whey! O!)
They walk the line like Egyptian

All the cops in the donut shop say
(Whey! O! Whey! O! Ay! O! Whey! O!)
Walk like an Egyptian
Walk like an Egyptian


Flamingo exits the lobby entrance into the darkness of the night among the hot temperatures with bright twinkling stars on the city street of University Boulevard. The street pavement is nicely lighted with a row of tall poles of bright flood lights. Each flood light actually blinds the two eyeballs from the bright twinkling stars, not the dull moonlight rays. He turns to face an easterly direction and moves down a nicely paved vanilla-colored walkway, strolling ahead behind group of people. He turns and scans each squat and tall building. Some of the buildings are individual businesses of retails shops and restaurants. The other buildings have been marked with the words: Burn U. Each one of these buildings belongs to the Birmingham University academic system.
A group of people turn to face a northerly direction and slowly stroll down a different nicely paved vanilla-colored walkway. This city street houses numerous tall and squat-shaped, old and new building structures in either tan or red brick-coated displaying additional retail shops, restaurants, and campus school buildings.
Flamingo is clueless to his present geographical location but has memorized each large landmark for getting safely back to his hotel building. He continues to follow the group of people, mostly students and males, who are heading towards the game field also.
In the distance, the game stadium stands grand, tall, and well-lighted among the nightly clouds and echoes each word coming from the game announcer for the next baseball play.
A crowd of people slow and then pace through the open entrance archways, scattering around the interior hallway inside the game stadium while each pair of eardrums are hearing the familiar musical tune for each baseball game.
The musical song entitled Take Me Out to the Ball Game was released in the year 1908, by the American vaudeville entertainer and songwriter named Jack Norworth. He spent 15 minutes writing the song on a scrap of paper on a train ride from the city of Manhattan, within the U.S. State of New York. 
Musician Albert Von Tilzer composed the word to music and published the musical song by the York Music Company becoming a hit song, in the year 1908, and sung during the seventh inning stretch at every baseball part in the U.S.A.


Nelly Kelly love baseball games,
Knew the players, knew all their names,
You could see her there every day,
Shout, “Hurray!” When they’d play.
Her boyfriend by the name of Joe
Said, “To Coney Isle, dear, let’s go!”
Then Nelly started to fret and pout,
And to him, I heard her shout.

“Take me out to the ball game,
Take me out with the crowd.
Buy me some peanuts and cracker jack,
I don’t care, if I never get back,
Let me root, root, root for the home team,
If they don’t win, it’s a shame.
For it’s one, two, three strikes, you’re out,
At the old ball game.”

Nelly Kelly was sure some fan,
She would root just like any man,

Told the umpire he was wrong,
All along, good and strong.
When the score was just two to two,
Nelly Kelly knew what to do,
“For it’s one, two, three strikes, you’re out,
At the old ball game.”

Nelly Kelly was sure some fan,
She would root just like any man,
Told the umpire he was wrong,
All along, good and strong.
When the score was just two to two,
Nelly Kelly knew what to do,
Just to cheer up the boys she knew,
She made the gang sing this song.

“Take me out to the ball game,
Take me out with the crowd.
Buy me some peanuts and cracker jack,
I don’t care, if I never get back,
Let me root, root, root for the home team,
If they don’t win, it’s a shame.
For it’s one, two, three strikes, you’re out,
At the old ball game.”


Flamingo’s correct. He does not pay for an entrance fee into the active baseball game, but his stomach growls for a plate of food. Like the other individuals, he stops and stands in line at one of the food vendors on the side concrete wall. He purchases a bottle of cold beer without any personal identification and a bag of salty pretzels slowly moseying around the rows of seats. The interior rows are empty without spectators.
He isn’t surprised. The Birmingham professional baseball team is a minor league sporting team, which is not popular among the rowdy football fans here in Alabama. So, Flamingo has a choice pick on any empty seat selecting the side view within the middle row, sitting down. He slowly consumes the cold bottle of beer and enjoys the on-going professional baseball game.

At 11:11 p.m. among a night sky with bright twinkling stars and heated temperatures, the professional baseball game has almost finished. The famous musical song starts to play.
The musical song entitled Centerfield Game released in the month of March, in the year 1985, by the American rock and roll musical singer and songwriter named John Fogerty. He was home practicing a song and came up the guitar riff with a drumbeat creating a new song mixing his two passions, baseball and rock music.


Well, I beat the drum and hold the phone
The sun came out today
We’re born again, there’s new grass on the field
A-rounding third, I’m headed for home
It’s a brown-eyed handsome man
Anyone can understand the way I feel

O! Put me in coach! I’m ready to play today
Put me in coach! I’m ready to play today
Look at me, I can be centerfield

Well, I spent some time in the Mudville Nine
Watching it from the bench
You know, I took some lumps
When the Mighty Casey struck out
So, say, “Hey, Willie! Tell Ty Cobb and Joe DiMaggio!”
Don’t say, it ain’t, so you know, the time is now

So, put me in coach! I’m ready to play today
Put me in coach! I’m ready to play today
Look at me, I can be centerfield
You got a beat up glove, a homemade bat
And a brand new pair of shoes
You know, I think it’s time to give this game a ride
Just to hit the ball and touch them all a moment in the sun
It’s a gone and you can tell that one goodbye

O! Put me in coach! I’m ready to play today
Put me in coach! I’m ready to play today
Look at me, I can be centerfield

O! Put me in coach! I’m ready to play today
Put me in coach! I’m ready to play today
Look at me, gotta be centerfield
Yeah!


Flamingo yawns from too much activity, for one day, and slowly stands upright from the stadium seat, turning to exit the row, slowly moving ahead towards the exit gate. The other individuals have left the stadium already or decided to stay until the end of the active game.
Flamingo exits the stadium and moves ahead, strolling down a vanilla-colored walkway, heading due south. He remembered turning from an eastern street onto a northern street before reaching the game stadium. So, the teen continues to slowly strolls alone and under the protection of a row of bright flood lights staring at each building of tan or red brick-coating, reaching a new intersection of two city streets.
He remembered turning from an eastern street onto a northern street at the intersection, before reaching the game stadium. So, Flamingo crosses the city street without traffic and then turns to face a westerly direction, slowly strolling down a different vanilla-colored walkway alone and under the protection of a row of lighted poles. The hotel building is located in the southeast direction as he strolls in that direction and then will collide into the hotel building.
He continues to stroll when the poles become fewer and the skyline a little darker. Every other light pole is powered down, without a bright, safe illumination. He reaches a new cross intersection, stops, and scans the city street, seeing a tall, yellow-tinted building, his hotel.
He slowly ventures in the correct geographical direction and approaches the hotel from the rear entrance, not the front entrance door archway. He turns to face a southern direction and strolls down a different vanilla-colored walkway, moving through a new part of the town. His eyeballs do not recognize any of the standard buildings. Each dark red brick-coated building is built the same, which indicates an apartment complex.
He quickens his pace and feels a worried heart swiftly shuffling ahead towards a new city street with more lighted illumination, wearing a worried brow.
From the darken corner on the next building, two individuals step out and then block Flamingo. Each individual wears a black-tinted hoodie over a face and holds a pocket knife in a cupped palm.
Flamingo stops with a gasp and lifts both of his palms near his frown. “Look! You’re the two bank robbers. And I’m the bank. I got a wallet with money and a credit card. You can have the wallet and the contents…”
One of the individual motions with his free hand and as his baritone voice echoes throughout the night. “Toss me the wallet!”
Flamingo reaches down with one hand and keeps his free palm near his frown slowly pulling out the wallet, tossing the item through the air. The wallet lands a few inches down on top of the concrete walkway right in front of the right shoe on the first hooded thief.
“Get outta of here!” The second individual waves his switchblade knife at Flamingo.
“Yes sir!” Flamingo quickly scoots around the two individuals still holding both of his raised arms near his frown, without yelling out loud, like a wussie baby, and then races ahead towards the well-lighted street, without stopping and reaches the side parking lot inside his hotel building. He stops and then leans over, releasing an array of sour breathes from the terrible excursion, after swiftly running from fear of a quick death. He exhales and then inhales a few more breathes while calming down his heart rate, then stands upright wiping the sweat from his wet brow, slowly strolling ahead, patting his chest and wears a sour frown.

At 11:22 p.m., Flamingo views the Birmingham Inn and enters the hotel lobby setting hearing the musical song.
The musical song entitled We’re Only Just Begun and released on August 21, 1970, by the American musical band named The Carpenters. The musician bands included Richard Carpenter and his biological sister Karen, playing Soft Rock and Traditional Pop sounds.
The musical song was written by Roger Nichols and Paul Williams. The song featured Karen Carpenter as the lead vocals and the overdubbed harmonies are performed by both siblings.
The musical band members included Karen Carpenter (lead & backing vocals); Richard Carpenter (co-lead & backing vocals; piano); Joe Osborn (bass guitar); Hal Blaine (drums); Doug Strawn (clarinet); Bob Messenger (woodwinds), and Jim Horn (woodwinds).


We’ve only just begun to live
White lace and promises
A kiss for luck and we're on our way
(We’ve only begun)

Before the rising sun, we fly
So, many roads to choose
We’ll start out walking and learn to run
(And yes, we’ve just begun)

Sharing horizons, that are new to us
Watching the signs along the way
Talking it over, just the two of us
Working together day to day
Together

And when the evening comes, we smile
So, much of life ahead
We'll find a place where there’s room to grow
(And yes, we’ve just begun)

Sharing horizons, that are new to us
Watching the signs along the way
Talking it over, just the two of us
Working together day to day
Together
Together

And when the evening comes, we smile
So, much of life ahead
We’ll find a place where there’s room to grow
And, yes, we’ve just begun


Flamingo marches to the front desk, then halts at the registration desk station, still exhaling in a fearful state, felling his racing heartbeat. He had been personally tracked like prey and threatened by a pair of city slick hoodlums. He frowns first then states to the night clerk. “Well, I have been mugged. What’s the proper police procedure here at the hotel building? Do I need to call the police officer from my hotel room, sir?”
A short, plump older male with a head of gray hair and a tan colored hotel uniform stands behind the registration desk gasping in shock. He asks with a concerned tone, “Sir, are you okay? Are you bleeding? Did the robbers harm your body, sir?”
“No! They stole my wallet. Well, I gave them my personal wallet in exchange for my personal life,” he states then laughs and finally frowns. “But my personal wallet does contain my personal bank card. I really don’t want the two robbers to use my bank card and stole my money…”
“I completely understand, sir,” the registration clerk states then lifts the receiver on the business telephone and presses a set of buttons. “Stay right there, sir! I am calling our hotel’s security force team. They know how to handle this terrible matter.”
“Thanks!” Flamingo says then looks down and double-checks his body parts for injury while feeling weird. He had faced the cold barrel on a loaded shotgun from teenager Lacey Newton a few weeks ago while experiencing the same weird emotions, like a body and mind violation. Now, Flamingo shivers with annoyance, frustration, and fear from the non-violence encounter of robbery thieves.
A pair of running feet echoes throughout the quiet lobby room.
Flamingo looks up and turns to see a pair of security officers coming from a side door.
Each security officer stops then stands in front of Flamingo. One officer is short and older. The other one is tall and very young. The older security officer with gray hair and a pair of chubby cheekbones points at the registration clerk.
The registration clerk points with a worried brow at Flamingo. He stated to the two security guards. “This gentleman has been mugged. Please implement your hotel’s security protocols immediately.”
The younger second security officer whips out his personal mobile telephone and types on the tiny keyboard, reading out loud the tiny screen with a set of questions. He asked, “Sir, are you a guest at this hotel?”
Flamingo nodded and stated to the second officer. “Yes, I’m staying in room 1414, since Thursday afternoon. My name is Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth.”
The first security older with gray hair officer nods to the registration clerk and then orders. “Please check his status in your computer, registration!”
The registration clerk looks down and types on the keyboard, viewing the computer monitor, reading the information out loud to the two security guards. “Yes, Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth is the person staying in room 1414. He has paid his hotel bill in full also.”
The first security officer with gray hair nods to Flamingo then comments, “Excellent, sir! Could you come this way and answer the rest of our hotel police security questions?”
“Shore!” Flamingo says and nods with a stern face.
The two officers spin around and lead Flamingo back towards a side door, on the side wall, entering a short hallway in white paint cutting off the lobby musical song. The officers stop and turn to face a closed door. The younger security officer opens the door for Flamingo.
Flamingo enters inside and moves ahead into a tiny enclosed room, without a window or musical tunes, gasping in shock, stopping next to a small table with four chairs.
The second security taller and younger officer with black hair enters next with laughter moving ahead, sliding down at the small table into one of the four metal chairs. “Yeah, the place looks scary. The hotel management only allows us to share one tiny room with four metal chairs, but we get free meals. The other rooms and large space are for each paying guest, like you. Have a seat, sir!”
Flamingo slides down into the metal chair with laughter. “I would start a security officer union for more space.”
The first security officer slides down into an empty metal chair and wears a stern face whipping out his mobile telephone, swishing the icon for the vocal recording. Now days, everything is achieved by a mobile telephone recording, until it is a cold-blooded murder. “Tell us what happened, to you, sir!”
Flamingo nods then states. “I left the hotel structure on foot and walked with a group of people down the walkway in front of the hotel and followed them to the game stadium.”
“The Birmingham Bats lost the baseball game tonight.” The second officer states then frowns.
Flamingo says. “I left the game before the end and exited onto the city street. I thought was in the same place, where I had entered…”
“That’s the flaw of any sports stadium building.” The first security officer states to Flamingo. “You enter from one city street corner and then exit through another city street corner. I see that you wear a Burn U shirt. Are you a new or transfer college student?”
Flamingo said, “I’ll start my first set of college courses in the month of June, on the first. I’m here visiting Birmingham and getting familiar with the area.”
The first security officer with gray hair asks. “Do you possess your driver’s license? O! The item was inside your personal wallet. You said that your wallet was taken by the muggers.”
Flamingo smiles then states, “I have my driver’s license, sir.” He stands upright from the chair and digs down into one of the numerous deep pockets in his pair of dirty cargo pants, retrieving the time, sliding to the officer and then sits back down with a grin.
The first security officer with gray hair gasps in shock and taps on the item. He asks, “How did you retrieve this item from the muggers? Why do you have this? Why isn’t your driver’s license inside your stolen wallet, sir?”
Flamingo nods with a smile then explains. “I was a Nature Scout from the age of five years old, until my pre-teen years. One time, on a Nature Scout adventure, I stored something inside my wallet, at the age of ten years old, a picture of my mama. Well, I lost my wallet there inside the woodlands, somewhere, which made me very sad. So, I learned back then to separate each one of my values from each other, in case, of loss or thief. I have never been robbed before sir, until tonight. Before the baseball game, I had separated each one of my valuables and placed one inside a different pants pocket. So, my driver’s license was safe, unless the mugger had beaten me silly with his two fists and then taken my driver’s license.”
The second tall and younger security officer nods with a smile then states to Flamingo. “That’s a smart move there, man.”
Flamingo nods then says. “Thank you! I started walking down the wrong street and ended up near a large apartment complex of dark red brick buildings. I could see the rear of the hotel. I started traveling down an unknown city street towards the hotel building. The street lights were dim or not illuminated very well. Then, out from the darkness, pair of young teens, not older males, blocked my footpath and as each one held a pocket knife.”
The first security officer with gray hair nods then asks. “Why didn’t you fight the two teens? You look like a healthy boy. Then you won’t have lost your wallet and money.”
Flamingo nods then states. “I’m a smarter boy, sir. My life is priceless. My wallet can be replaced for a few dollars.”
The second tall and younger security officer nods with a smile then expresses. “That’s a smart answer and a smart move, again, man.”
Flamingo exhales then states with a calm timber. “Thank you! Each mugger was a shorter than I and wore a black hoodie sweat shirt, a pair of black tinted blue jeans, and covered a face with the same black hoodie. I really could not see their eyeballs or their face. Each one held a switch blade which gleamed underneath the moonlight rays, thou. I told them that I possessed a wallet with money and a credit card, and they could have it. The leader, I guess, told me to pitch my wallet to him. So, I did. And then I ran away screaming like a girl,” he laughs.
The first security officer with gray hair frowns then states. “Sir, you do not seem to be hurt or harmed or frightened from this terrible event?”
Flamingo nods with a stern face then says. “I was frightened. I’ve never been mugged before. I’m laughing, because my wallet contained a single one-dollar-bill. Like I mentioned before, I had separated all of my cash money which hides down inside each deep pocket on my cargo pants. A wallet is a usual item of thievery, for a thief. The two muggers are going to be greatly unhappy,” he laughs again.
The first security officer with the gray hair frowns then asks. “What else was inside your wallet, sir?”
Flamingo grins then says. “My wallet contains my personal bank card,” he laughs again.
The first security officer with the gray hair sneers then states. “I do not understand your teenly behavior here, sir. What’s so funny?”
Flamingo wipes the gathered tears of humor and nods with a smile then explains. “Well, my personal bank card is colored in pink hue…”
“What!” The second security officer yells. He looks up from the screen of his mobile telephone to see Flamingo.
Flamingo nods with a grin. He said, “When I was allowed to receive a bank card with the permission of my mama for the cash machine, I could select any type of picture on my new bank card. There were the usual glossy photographs, a forest setting or a scared deer or a solid green color or the flag or something else. Well, I noticed that the girls had a greater choice of colors and photographs. I have two brothers. One brother chose the scared deer. The other brother chose the American flag. U.S.A. Yay! Well, I selected the color of pink hue with a row of white tiny flower for my personal bank card. The banker was not pleased. And my mother was laughing. My mother has a great…” he clears his throat and then smiles. “Anyways, I selected the color of pink hue, in case, my bank card ever was stolen, like now. I figure it out this way.
“If a male robber steals my bank card, then he would never use it as the vendor would probably laugh his ass off first. Then the merchant would call the police, because no male would be caught dead or alive carrying around a girly pink tinted bank card. If a girl steals my personal bank card in pink hue, she would have to present a piece of identification with my long male name or forge my long male name with the Roman numeric number. Then the merchant would become suspicious and hold the bank card and the female thief, while calling the police. The chance of my personal bank card becoming stolen is average. But the chance of my personal bank card becoming used is less than one fourth of a percentage point. So, I’m laughing, because the two stupid dudes that took my wallet will probably not try to use a girly pink bank card for any reason,” he laughs again.
“That’s a very slick ploy, man!” the second younger security officer smiles.
“Thank you!” Flamingo states then nods.
“I might try to live with a pink tinted bank card myself. Did any of your friends give you a hard time about a pink colored bank card?”
“All the damn time, man!” Flamingo states then laughs lifting up and fist bumps with the younger security officer. They both start to laugh. They both drop a hand slapping the table surface while nodding with a smile to each.
“What else was inside our wallet, sir?” The first security officer with gray hair asks then frowns at the silly behavior with two younger males.
Flamingo turns and smiles at the older security officer. He explains, “Only two items were inside my wallet, a one-dollar-bill and my girly pink bank card. My other personal items, such like, my personal car keys are hidden inside my rented hotel room along with the rest of my cash money. And I was not injured, and I didn’t start a fight with the two wussie lads.”
The second younger security officer frowns then states. “I would not suggest starting any fights here within metro city Birmingham, sir. I see that you come from the countryside of Lacy Springs and open display your ancient country ways. Here, in the city of Birmingham, things are completely different. You should always run away from danger and call the police to handle the matter, sir.”
Flamingo nods with a stern face then states. “Yes sir! I’ll do that.”
The first security officer with gray hair nods then says. “I have finished my questions and my investigation, sir. You are free to leave. Do you need anything from us?”
Flamingo asks. “Well, I’ve never been mugged before. Do I need to call my bank institution about my personal bank card, before they withdraw any of my personal funds, for fun or by accident, sir?”
The second tall and younger security officer looks down with a smile and types on the keyboard on his mobile telephone. He informs, “Yes, I am writing out a hotel police security electronic report on my cell phone. When I have finished, I will send you a text message with a police security case number that will use to contact your bank institution and report the robbery. The bank institution will call me and verify the police case number. Then I will send an electronic report to the bank institution. That way, the bank institution knows that you are not lying but telling the truth about the stolen bank card. The bank institution issues a bank card immediately within a few days. However, the cash money is not insured by anyone.”
Flamingo nods and states, “I understand. However, I do not possess a cell phone…”
“What!” The younger security officer shouts and looks up gasping at Flamingo. “How is that possible? Everyone possesses a cell phone, but my elderly supervisor,” he softly chuckles, alone.
Flamingo exhales with a nod then says. “That’s a very, very long story, man!”
The younger security officer nods with a smile and reaches over to a side table against the beige colored wall sounding with a chuckle, wiggling a pencil and a sliver of paper. He expresses, “Well, thank goodness, we still live in a world of paper and pencil. I am writing down your police security case number which you will use to relay to your bank institution. Here, ya go!” He slides the sliver of paper to Flamingo.
Flamingo accepts the paper and stares down at the number. He states, “Thank you!” He slowly stands and holds the sliver of paper, nodding to each security officer. “Thank you for your swift service! I’ll try to stay in the light, not the dark, tomorrow evening. Good night!” He scoots from the table, spins around, and then exits the security room.
The older security officer continues to sit and types the report on the computer laptop, very slowly.
The younger security officer leaves the room, follows behind, and then races ahead, pulling up beside Flamingo. He shuffles along with Flamingo and re-enters the open lobby. They hear the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Gimme Three Steps was released in the month of November, in the year 1973, by the American Southern rock band named Lynyrd Skynyrd. The musician band played Southern Rock and Hard Rock sounds.
The musical band members included Ronnie Van Zant (vocals); Gary Rossington (lead guitar); Allen Collins (guitar); Ed King (bass guitar); Bob Burns (drums), and Billy Powell (keyboards).
The musical song was written by Allen Collins and Ronnie Van Zant. The musical song was produced by Al Kooper.

I was cutting the rug
Down at place called The Jug
With a girl named Linda Lou
When in walked a man
With a gun in his hand
And he was looking for you know who
He said, “Hey there, fellow,
with the hair colored yellow.
Watcha trying to prove?
Cause, that’s my woman there
And I’m a man, who cares
And this might be all for you
I said, “Excuse me!”

I was scared and fearing for my life
I was shaking like a leaf on a tree
Cause, he was lean, mean
Big and bad. Lord!
Pointing that gun on me
“O! Wait a minute, mister
I didn’t even kiss her
Don’t want no trouble with you
And I know you don’t owe me
But I wish you’d let me
Ask one favor from you.”

“O! Won’t you
Gimme three steps, gimme three steps, mister,
Gimme three steps toward the door?
Gimme three steps, gimme three steps, mister,
And you’ll never see me no more.”

For sure

Well, the crowd cleared away
And I began to pray
And the water fell on the floor
And I’m telling you, son
Well, it ain’t no fun
Staring straight down a forty-four
Well, he turned and screamed at Linda Lou
And that’s the break I was looking for
Well, you could hear me screaming a mile away
I was headed out toward the door

“O Won't you
Gimme three steps, gimme three steps, mister,
Gimme three steps toward the door?
Gimme three steps, gimme three steps, mister,
And you’ll never see me no more."

Show me the back door


The younger security officer says, “Hey, buddy! I can see you’re a newbie here in the big bad city of Birmingham. Like you said before, you’re a new college student at Burn U. Well, let say that you’re not in Kansas anymore, Toto!”
“What!” Flamingo shouts then stops and gasps in alarm spinning around to see the younger security officer.
“I don’t wanna frightened you here. But Birmingham is a large metro city with lots of bad guys and good guys. But, sometimes, it is very hard to tell the good guy from the bad guy.”
“I don’t understand, sir.”
“The bad guy now dresses nice and normal and carries around a lot of cash. I noticed that you paid cash for your hotel room, which is highly usual. Are you running from or to something?”
Flamingo exhales with a huff of annoyance then states. “I’m running ahead towards college.”
He nods with a stern face then explains, “All right! You’re a college student and you drive a very expensive sports car for a recent high school teen graduate of eighteen years old.”
Flamingo gasps in alarm then presents a puzzled brow and asks, “How...how do you know that?”
He slaps his chest with a nod then states. “I’m part of the hotel security. We have monitors and cameras here, there, and everywhere. We do that to keep our guests safe and get our owner outta of financial lawsuits.”
Flamingo expresses, “Yeah, I do drive a nice car.”
“Look! I’m saying that you carry around cash and use cash paying for your hotel bill. Cash is creepy for a security officer like me or my older partner here. Ninety-nine point ninety-nine percent of the time each guest uses a credit card, not a wad of cash, which is not a traceable asset. So, watch it and watch out! I would suggest here, when you use cash money from your pocket to keep every single paper receipt for that purchase, including food and drink and gasoline. One day, if something like this happens again, then someone in higher authority might be asking you, where all of that cash went and you wanna be able to toss the information into their face, like a smart ass college student,” he laughs.
Flamingo nods with a smile and laughs next. He states, “I completely understand that logic.”
He nods with a smile then states. “Good! Just be more aware of your current environment while living and staying and playing and studying and dating and eating and shitting here in the big, bad city, Country Boy. You ain’t located back home there in Kansas anymore.”
Flamingo nods then expresses. “Thanks for the city slicker advice! I’m a quick learner,” he chuckles.
The security guard moves ahead of Flamingo and wears a smile swiftly spinning around, surveying the lobby area, within a quiet hotel. He expresses, “Good night, Flamingo!” He spins back around to face a long hallway, exiting the lobby, leaving Flamingo alone.
Flamingo starts to move ahead towards the closed elevator door and smiles at the smart security guard. He shouts back to the guard, “Good night, sir!” He waits and then enters an empty elevator carriage while hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Money for Nothing coming from the studio album Brothers in Arms and was released on June 24, 1985, by the British musical rock and roll band named Dire Straits. The song was written by Mark Knopfler and Gordon Sumner. The musical song was produced by Neil Dorfsman. The musical band played Pop Rock sounds.


Now, look at them yo-yos, that’s the way you do it
You play the guitar on the M.T.V.
That ain’t working, that’s the way you do it
Money for nothing and your chicks for free
Now, that ain’t working, that’s the way you do it
Lemme tell you! Them, guys ain’t dumb
Maybe, get a blister on your little finger
Maybe, get a blister on your thumb
We got to install microwave ovens, custom kitchen deliveries
We got to move these refrigerators, we got to move these color TVs
See the little faggot with the earring and the makeup?
Yeah, buddy! That’s his own hair
That little faggot got his own jet airplane
That little faggot, he’s a millionaire
We got to install microwave ovens, custom kitchen deliveries
We got to move these refrigerators, we gotta move these color TVs
We got to install microwave ovens, custom kitchen deliveries
We got to move these refrigerators, we got to move these color TVs
Looky here! Look out!
I should’ve learned to play the guitar
I should’ve learned to play them, drums
Look at that mama! She got it sticking in the camera man
We could have some
And he’s up there. What’s that?
Hawaiian noises?
Banging on the bongos, like a chimpanzee
That ain’t working, that’s the way you do it
Get your money for nothing, get your chicks for free
We got to install microwave ovens, custom kitchen deliveries
We got to move these refrigerators, we gotta move these color TVs
Listen here!
Now, that ain’t working; that’s the way you do it
You play the guitar on the M.T.V.
That ain’t working; that’s the way you do it
Money for nothing and your chicks for free
Money for nothing, chicks for free
Get your money for nothin' and your chicks for free
O! Money for nothing; chicks for free
Money for nothing; chicks for free (Money, money, money)
Money for nothing; chicks for free
Get your money for nothing; get your chicks for free
Get your money for nothing and the chicks for free
Get your money for nothing and the chicks for free

Look at that; look at that
Get your money for nothing (I want my, I want my)
Chicks for free (I want my M.T.V.)
Money for nothing; chicks for free (I want my, I want my, I want my M.T.V.)
Get your money for nothing (I want my, I want my)
And the chicks for free (I want my M.T.V.)
Get your money for nothing (I want my, I want my)
And the chicks for free (I want my M.T.V.)
Easy, easy money for nothin' (I want my, I want my)
Easy, easy chicks for free (I want my M.T.V.)
Easy, easy money for nothing (I want my, I want my)
Chicks for free (I want my MTV)
That ain’t working

Money for nothing; chicks for free
Money for nothing; chicks for free


At 11:57 p.m., the elevator carriage quickly travels upwards towards the fourteenth floor. Flamingo stares down at the sliver of paper and says with a sour frown. “Yeah, getting rid of the cell phone was a brilliant idea, Flamingo. And visiting the big, bad town of Birmingham was a smart move, without my two brothers,” he sighs with regret.
Saturday May 16th


Birmingham Inn
   (91 miles south of Lacy Springs)
warm temperatures with moonlight and dull stars
14th floor
1414 hotel room
12:04 a.m.


Flamingo exits the elevator and slowly pads ahead towards his hotel room, entering the unlocked room, strolling to the computer monitor. He leans down at the desk surface and types on the keyboard finding the business telephone number for his bank institution. He back steps from the computer and office desk, spinning around, moving ahead, and sits down on the bed mattress wearing a sour frown. He reaches out and grabs the receiver on the landline telephone on top of the side table next to the bed frame, standing upright and reaching out. He collects each individual paper receipt from all his cash purchases, so far, following the wise words coming from the knowledgeable young security guard and wads the paper into a roll. Then he stores the roll down into an empty pocket on his cargo pants.
He smiles. “Well, thank goodness for an old fashion telephone landline.” He punches the buttons for the bank telephone number and waits for a real person. “Hello! I need to report a stolen bank card…”



Six hours later…

Lacy Springs Hospital
   (94 miles north of Birmingham)
cool temperatures with bright sunlight

Hospital inpatient room setting
06:06 a.m.


The hospital medical nurse enters the hospital room and then halts staring at each portal sleep cot. The room is filled with three portal cots that hold an individual male. She slowly moves ahead and then stops, standing beside Arie. She reaches down and checks the medical instruments, recording the medical readings inside her hospital-issued computer laptop in silence. Then she spins around and stares at each sleeping face, slowly moving ahead, exiting the room for her next sick patient, who is located on another floor of the hospital campus.

At 06:37 a.m., warm temperatures and bright sunlight invade the day, not the hospital room. Cinco stirs first on top of his portal sleep cot and opens his two eyelids and as he gasps in alarm at the strange room in yellow color. His neurons and his eyeballs are still not accustomed to the abnormal sight: seeing his mother inside a hospital bed and fully unconscious. He sits upright on top of the portal cot stretching out each sore limb first then wipes off each set of crusty sleepy crumbs from each eye socket next.
The hospital door slides open.
A hospital employee rolls into the room pushing a portal tray holding three plates of food and then parks the item against the yellow tinted side wall, leaving the room quietly. The other two individuals inside the other portal sleep cots stir awake from the smell of the breakfast trays.
Cinco slides off the cot and stands upright on top of the floor in a pair of bare feet, wearing his stinky clothes, staring at Arie, exhibiting a deep sigh. He moves ahead, scoots around the two other stationary cots, and then stops, standing in front of the portal tray. He carefully slides each heavy foot tray off the metal surface onto a small eating table creating a row of three. He continues to stand without sitting in the empty chair lifts the lid on the first tray staring down at the food plate, whispering for his eardrums only, “What else can we do for Mama?” He eats then chews the food items.
A.J. awakes from his nightly slumber, slowly stands scratching various parts of his body, then scoots around the cot, seeing the back spine on Cinco. He stops then slides down into an empty hard chair lifting the lid on the second food tray in front of his chest. He softly speaks, “We have done everything that we can for Arie, Cinco. She is comfortable and loved and safe. We wait. That’s the hardest part.” He eats then chews the food item.
He swallows the food and stares down at the plate. “I said it before. And I’ll say it again. Mama needs to hear Flamingo’s voice. A comatose patient needs to hear the voice of their loved ones.”
Breck sits upright at his fitted waistline inside his individual portal sleep cot and rubs both of his eye sockets from the dry sleepy crumbs. His eardrums had heard the private conversation. He lowly growls without seeing his brother then states. “Flamingo does not love Mama.”
Cinco eats and then swallows the food, staring down at the plate. “Flamingo loves Mama. He does love you, too, Breck. And I, for one, can live with that, as long as, Flamingo comes back.”
Breck slides off the cot and stands upright on a pair of bare feet, spinning around, moving ahead towards the small table with the trays of food. He sneers at the back spine on Cinco and then A.J. “I can’t live with that,” he slides down in the chair beside A.J. and lifts the lid on the third food tray. His mind is worried and as his stomach is growling.
Cinco smiles with food particles inside his teeth. “Well, we, three are going to be share an apartment in college. The first day of college starts on…”
Breck stabs the food with a fork then spins around viewing Arie, sneering back to Cinco. “I’m not going to college.”
“What!” Cinco gasps then coughs up the chewed food item spinning around, viewing Breck.
He eats the food and then nods. “If Mama is still in a coma and here inside this hospital room, then I’m not leaving her in here. I’ll stay here and by her side forever, if I have too. I don’t know, if I can leave our mama like this...”
“The hospital room has four walls of electric plugs for free internet access with a computer laptop to perform college assignments...”
“No!” He spins back around and starts to consume the food.
Cinco frowns. “Breck, at night, you can come back here and stay the night with Mama. Then you can go back to school classes during the daylight hours on the college campus with the other college students and me.”
He turns and frowns at his brother. “How am I going to go to college and continue my life with Mama in her delicate medical condition? How can you go to college and not stay here with Mama in her medical condition, Cinco?” 
Cinco gasps then asks, “What about your planned career as a licensed and bonded Alabama lawyer?”
Breck exhales then states. “My law career is not as important as my loving mama.”
A.J. swallows the food then states with a sour frown. “Breck, I’m hoping and praying for a heavenly miracle too. But she could be staying here at the hospital room for a while…”
“No!” Breck sneers then states. “Mama, she’s going to wake up, today,” he eats and chews the food staring down at the plate.
Cinco eats then swallows the food, saying with a worried brow, “Mama has a broken heart that only Flamingo can mend. Where’s Flamingo been hiding all this time? Where did Flamingo go into hiding, after he left her here in her hospital room?”
Breck swallows the food and then frowns and finally says. “I do not know, and I do not care.”
He nods then comments. “O! But I do know, and I do care. Flamingo has been staying at our house the whole time, because we’ve been here the whole time.” Cinco eats then chews more food items.
A.J. quickly finishes his breakfast meal then slowly stands upright from the chair stretching out each one of his sore limbs, saying with a sour frown. “You and Cinco should go home now.”
“No!” Breck hollers then eats swallowing the food, woofing the rest of his breakfast meal.
A.J. leans over and sniffs his nostrils over the blonde-tinted hair roots on Breck, standing upright, saying with a nod. “You and Cinco smell like piles of horse shit. Go home and take a hot bubble bath! I’ll stay here watch over Arie until ya’ll return in lavender or rose-smelled skin and hair strands,” he softly chuckles relieving some of his deep worries regarding his fiancé Arie, temporally.
Cinco nods in silence and wipes both his dirty hands and dirtier face with a set of paper napkins pitching the wadded, dirty napkins down inside his empty, dirty plate. He slowly spins around to face the hospital bed moving ahead towards Arie and then halts. He reaches out and holds her hand wearing with a smile, leaning down into her pretty but unemotional face. “Mama, this is Cinco. I am here. I am going back home to get a bath, so I smell good when you awaken from your princess slumber. Don’t worry about anything! Flamingo is coming back, soonest. He is on his way back here, soonest. I love you with all my heart and soul, Mama.” He leans over and gently kisses her forehead, pulling back with a smile, standing upright with a deep sigh of worry. Cinco spins around and exits the hospital room first slowly moving down an empty hallway. 
Arie is the only medical patient on the fancy, expensive hospital wing. And each family member has left the hospital wing staying at their home while waiting for any clinical progress in Arie’s medical condition. The hallway has been cleaned and shines like no one has lived or does not live here.
Breck duplicates Cinco’s teenly behavior pattern in the room with his mother slowly following behind Cinco wearing with a sad face and a pair of naked feet, toting his boots and then stops, standing beside his brother. He slips on the socks and boots while waiting on the elevator carriage in silence.
There are no words to share or say between the two brothers, who wear a heavy heart and a worried brow.
The carriage arrives. The elevator door slides open with a cheery or happy musical song. They enter inside the carriage facing the rear wall, in silence. Cinco leans down and presses the ground button.

At 06:52 a.m., ground level floor location, the elevator carriage drops down. The elevator door slides open revealing an empty but clean shiny lobby area also.
Each citizen, student, friend, and parent has returned back home also waiting for any clinical progress on Arie’s current medical condition. Cinco leads ahead in silence and exits the hospital building moving ahead towards Arie’s parked vehicle.
At the parked truck, Cinco unlocks the vehicle and slides down into the driver’s seat with Breck inside the passenger seat in silence. Since the terrible truck accident, Breck has not been his usual arrogant Aries personality. Cinco starts Arie’s pickup truck and waits for the cold engine to warm for a few seconds then slowly drives ahead entering the familiar country roadway, steering back to his house.


McCory Cow Ranch
   (two miles southwest from hospital)
warm temperatures with bright sunlight
garage setting
07:08 a.m.


Cinco pulls into the garage space then kills the engine exiting the truck first, hitting the kitchen archway. He leaves the metal house door open.
Breck slides out and slowly moves ahead entering through a clean kitchen. The hired cleaning crew continues to come and clean no matter the situation.
Cinco dashes through the kitchen setting then turns rapidly taking the steps two-at-a-time, shouting out loud. “Flamingo! Flamingo! I’m here. Come out and present yourself, Flamingo! Flamingo!” He dashes ahead and enters Flamingo’s bedroom speaking with a gasp. “Flamingo’s not here.”
On the ground floor, coming out from the hallway setting, Breck can hear both the loud commotion and loud words from Cinco inside the quiet house, turning to face the steps, slowly climbing the staircase. He still thinks and worries about his mom shouting back to Cinco, “I don’t give a damn.”
On the second floor level, Cinco back steps from Flamingo’s bedroom and then spins around, racing down the same hallway, entering Pig Pen, speaking with a gasp. “Flamingo’s not here in Pig Pen either.”
Breck can still hear both the loud commotion and loud words coming from Cinco inside the quit house, stomping onto the second level floor, moving ahead towards his bedroom. He shouts out loud, “I don’t give a damn.”
He back steps from Pig Pen and races up the hallway, entering his own bedroom and halts with a gasp of shock, “Breck! Breck! Come in here! Look at this!” He points at the bed covers.
Breck appears and stands inside the open archway on Cinco’s bedroom and stares at the new object.
On top of the pillow case, a flat dark blue object gleams in the bright sunlight rays.
Cinco leans down at the pillow case and snatches up the item saying with a head nod and a smile. “Flamingo was here! He left for me my high school diploma,” he back steps and stands beside Breck, grinning then states. “That means, Flamingo went back to the high school for his own high school diploma too. That means, Flamingo had been staying here the entire time.”
Breck sneers. “I don’t give a damn.”
Cinco leans over and shoves Breck across the hallway saying with a sneer. “Stop fuckingly saying that! We have a brother. Our brother is missing from our life. I want our brother back in our life.”
Breck hits the side wall with a soft thump and then sneers shaking his body parts, yelling in anger. “I don’t give a flying damn.” He flings off the wall and then strolls ahead towards his own bedroom, softly cursing at a missing Flamingo.
Cinco enters into his bathroom and quickly bathes, brushing his teeth, feeling refreshed. He exits the bathroom and dresses in a clean white-tinted tee shirt, a pair of clean black tinted jeans, and his pair of black-tinted leather boots, sitting on top of the bed, whipping out his mobile telephone.
He types on the keyboard and sends a text message to his girl Babbie: I miss you with hugs and kisses and worry about my mother too.
She quickly texts back: I love you and hope to see you soon, praying for your mother.
Cinco exhales with worry and stands upright from the bed mattress, shoving the mobile telephone down into the back pocket, moving ahead and then stands inside an empty hallway. He shouts out loud. “I’m ready to return back to the hospital.”
Breck appears and moves ahead from his bedroom wearing a worried brow, a clean white tee shirt, a clean pair of dark blue jeans, and his pair of worn, not polished red and tan colored cowboy boots.
He turns and nods to Breck. “The house seems empty. I miss our fun times.”
Breck frowns. “We’re a set of adults now, not children anymore, Cinco. There ain’t going to be any more fun times.”
He frowns. “Are you worried that Mama won’t wake up?”
Breck shakes his bone skull and brightly smiles, “Mama’s only sleeping. She’ll waken tomorrow morning, bright and early like the sun rise.”
The front door slams shut with a loud boom.

At 07:31 a.m., on the second floor hallway, Cinco dashes away from Breck and then stomps down the staircase landing on top of the entrance hallway with a loud thud. like a teen asshole. He races ahead, yelling with a gasp, “Flamingo! Flamingo!” He stops then stands a few feet from the closed front door faking a smile with a heavy heart then greets, “Hi, Horace!”
Horace stands on the floor and wears a worried brow then softly greets, “Hi, Cinco! How’s Arie doing at the hospital?”
He nods. “She’s the same.”
Horace exhales with worry then states. “I’m so sorry to hear that. I really hate to bring this up now, but it needs attention.”
He frowns then says. “What needs attention now?”
Horace nods then informs. “This is Saturday morning, the set of weekly paychecks for each farm hand. Some of the workers do not possess a checking account for an electronic payment. Arie, she’s taken care of it every week. But she’s not here today.”
“I’ll take care of it.” Breck announces and slowly moves down the staircase wearing a stern face.
Cinco spins around with a gasp to see Breck then exclaims. “What!”
Breck stomps down on top of the marble floor and nods to Cinco saying with a calm timber. “Mama, she left me in charge of the ranch, when she and A.J. went on their European trip. I had handled the matter, last time. I just forgot, Horace. Thanks for reminding me. This has been a tough week,” he stops standing beside Cinco, exhaling with painful worries for his mother.
Horace nods with a stern face then explains. “Breck, if you give me the set of paychecks, then I can do it for you…”
“No.” Breck replies and shakes his bone skull. “Mama made it clear that a McCory takes care of their ranch crop and their ranch hands. I’m the McCory present. I’ll be there shortly. Please, ask the farm hands to stay a little longer.”
Horace nods then states. “The farm hands completely understand, too, Breck. They’re waiting for me and you, so I’ll go back and stay with them and wait for your presence,” he spins around and leaves the house with the front door open.
Breck nods at the back spine on Horace without viewing his brother and then says. “Thank you, Horace! Go back to the hospital room and stay with Mama, Cinco! I’ll be there in about an hour or so. I gotten ride out to the western pasture lands, where most of the farm hands live…”
Cinco nods then comments. “I can come with you and delivery the paychecks, too, Breck!”
Breck shakes his skull and continues to stare into the manicured yard, ordering with his brotherly command. “No. I gotta pilot the helicopter, which is a quicker trip from the ranch house to the field hands. I have to nod and thank each farm hand, like Mama does. That’s the McCory way! You go back and watch Mama. If she opens her eyelashes and speaks, then call me and shout out loud: Hurray!”
Cinco smiles then says. “I will.” He spins around, dashes ahead, and races down the hallway, into the kitchen, inside the garage setting, sliding back into Arie’s pickup truck. He carefully departs the homestead grounds for the hospital campus leaving a brother behind.
Breck, alone and lonely, slowly exhales with worry carefully moves out the front door, closes the door, walking towards the helicopter pad on the side of the ranch house.


Lacy Springs Hospital
Hospital inpatient room
07:49 a.m.


Cinco parks the truck in the parking lot then rapidly enters Arie’s hospital room, alone.
A.J. leans down and holds her hand sitting on top of that hard, short, wooden stool seat, staring in silence at Arie.
Cinco stops and stands at the end of the hospital bed presenting a sour frown and then says to Arie. “She looks dead.”
“She’s not dead.”
“She looks so still.”
A.J. says. “She is sleeping, peacefully. We all look still, when we sleep.”
He states. “Well, the medical physician told us that a comatose patient is unconscious and can hear your vocal words. But Mama doesn’t seem to be responding to my vocal or your vocal or Breck’s vocal words. What else can we do, A.J.?”
A.J. releases Arie’s hand then pulls out his personal mobile telephone typing on the tiny keyboard, reading out loud the new information on the tiny screen. “The scientific medical articles all say the same thing that a comatose patient benefits from sensory stimulation, such like, holding their warm hand and talking to the unconscious person. In the year 2011, a team of neuroscientists used an MRI scanning test to observe brain activity on a comatose male patient, who had been in a coma for twelve years, after his road trip accident. The team of neuroscientists had talked to the comatose patient and asked him to image playing a game of tennis, running after the tennis ball on top of the clay tennis court. Then, they measured the brain activity on the comatose patient. The brain activity had spiked upwards displaying on the medical equipment monitor screen. Thus, the scientists concluded that the comatose patient can hear and understand vocal words and instructions.”
Cinco still frowns down at his mother then comments. “That’s not a good example, A.J.!”
“Another scientific medical article, from the internet, suggests talking to the comatose patient as if they are living a normal day by stimulating their senses of touch, smell, sound, and vision. For example, you can hold and stroke her hands and wear a familiar piece of her clothing that smells of her perfume placing the stinky item near their two nostrils on the comatose patient.”
“We’ve done all of that and more using numerous relatives. And Mama still ain’t awake.”
A.J. exhales with a deep sigh then comments. “A team of neurologists determined a comatose patient, with a set of strong neuronal communication patterns, has the highest odds of pulling out of their comatose state.”
“Well, this quiet, sterile smelly, yellow-tinted hospital room needs some cheerful happy, loud musical songs. I like cheerful musical tunes. Mama likes happy musical songs too. At home, we always play happy musical songs.” Cinco says then spins around shuffling ahead towards a mounted gigantic television plasma on the opposite wall and halts. He flips on the power switch using the remote control device. The television screen plays an entertainment movie. He flips each digital channel, halts, and then finds a nice electronic image of a green pasture with horses, playing a country song.
The musical song entitled Drink in My Hand was released on his studio album named Chief, in the month of August, in the year 2011, by the American musical country singer and songwriter Eric Church. The musical song was written by Kenneth Eric Church, Michael Patrick Heeney, and Luke Robert Laird.
The musical song was an up-tempo beat with the musical critics proclaiming its fate.
Rowdy and fun!
A monster hit!
A radio hit!
Most successful song of the year!
Perfect theme song to a fun weekend!



Early Monday morning, until Friday, at five
Man! I work, work, work; but I don’t climb, climb, climb
Boss man can shove that overtime up his can
All I wanna do is put a drink in my hand

To fill it up or throw it down
I got a forty hour week worth of trouble to drown
No need to complicate it; I’m a simple man
All you got to do is put a drink in my hand

Yay! The parking lot is muddy, can’t get to the door
I’ll take my jacked up drop her down, in four by four
Chill down a long neck, warm up the band
All you gotta do is put a drink in my hand

To fill it up or throw it down
I’m about to tear a new one in this old town
Five, four, three, two, one, I’m a rocket man
All you got to do is put a drink in my hand

Make me wanna go. Ouh! Hoo! Ouh! Hoo! When you dance like that
You got that little tattoo playing peek-a-boo on your back
Yay! If you want to impress me, baby, here’s my plan
All you got to do is put a drink in my hand

Yay! Fill it on up or throw it down
When you drive me home, take the long way around
You be my Lois Lane; I’ll be your Superman
All you got to do is put a drink in my hand

My head, Monday morning, that alarm clock sings
It goes bang, bang, bang, while it ring, ring, rings
Ya’ll! I’ll let it all roll; if you wanna rock again
All you got to do is put a drink in my hand

Yay! Fill it up or throw it down
I got a little hung over, still hanging around
That hair of a dog is howling, “Hey there, man!”
All you got to do is put a drink in my hand

That hair of a dog is howling, “Hey, there, man!”
All you got to do is put a drink in my hand
Ha! Aaa! Ouu! Hhh!


“Arie!” A.J. shouts then frowns staring at her body.
Cinco quickly spins around and gasps in shock, dashing ahead to the side of the bed and then stops, wearing a worried brow. He asks, “What is it! Is Mama awake? What just happened, A.J.?”
A.J. points down at her hand without touching the limb, still presenting a frown and then say. “No. Her index finger did not move after hearing the country music song.”
Cinco frowns then asks, “What do we do next?”
A.J. orders. “Go back over there and change to station and find a second country song and also increase the volume on that new musical song, making the musical notes louder inside this room, Cinco!”
“Yeah! Yeah! Find a second country music song! Increase the volume!” Cinco exclaims and then quickly spins around racing ahead back to the television screen then halts. He twists the dial and finds another familiar country musical song played in Pig Pen and then increases the volume on musical tones and words.
The musical song entitled Rednecker was released on the studio album named This Ole Boy, on March 04, 2019, by the American country musical singer and songwriter Hardy. The musical song was written by musical singer Michael Wilson Hardy, Andy Albert, and Jordan Schmidt. The musical song was produced by Joey Moi and Dave Cohen.


So, you think you’ve got some county line cred
Cause, you rode a dirt road or two
You got a mossy oak hat on top of your head
And a southern pride tattoo
Yeah, you might’ve a drank a little grain alcohol
Or hauled a little hay
But if you think your boots got more dirt than mine
I got one thing to say

My town’s smaller than your town
And I got a bigger buck and bass on my wall
I got a little more kick in my drawl
Ya’ll, I got little more spit in my chew
And my truck’s louder than your truck
And my collar’s a little more blue
You might think that you a redneck
But I’m rednecker than you
Yes, I am

I got a car parked in my front yard
With a floorboard full of Slim Jim’s
I piss where I want to

And I fish where I swim
Yeah, I bet you ain’t got it on a tailgate
Or killed a copperhead a time or two
And man, if you’re thinking, you’re a better beer drinker
Buddy, I’ve got news for you

My town’s smaller than your town
And I got a bigger buck and bass on my wall
I got a little more kick in my drawl
Ya’ll, I got little more spit in my chew
And my truck’s louder than your truck
And my Tick Hound’s a little more blue
You might think that you a redneck
But I’m rednecker than you

I’m rednecker than you. Woo!

Yeah! I’m down with the sound of a dixie whistle
Raising hell! Praising dale twelve in at Bristol
More sweat on my brow at the end of the day
So, needless to say

My town’s smaller than your town
I got a bigger buck and bass on my wall
And I ain’t trying to talk no smack
It’s just the facts, ya’ll

Cause, my truck’s louder than your truck
And my red white's a little more blue
You might think that you a redneck
But I’m rednecker than you
I’m rednecker than you


A.J. stares down at her hand and wears a sad face. Arie does not react to the second familiar country musical song along with the increased volume that drifts into her two eardrums and his two eardrums. Her body or her face does not twitch or switch or move either.
Cinco swiftly spins around and smiles at Arie. But she does not move. Her index finger does not move. He swings back around and increases the sound, again, spinning around to see Arie. She does not move. Her index finger does not move.
A.J frowns then orders. “Switch the dial on the television console panel and play a third familiar country musical song played in Pig Pen. We can see here, if Arie only reacts to a new stimulus.”
Cinco swings back around and taps the button searching and then finds a third familiar country song for his mother. The musical song starts to play very loud inside the quiet hospital room.
The musical song entitled Boys ‘Round Here was released March 26, 2013, coming from the studio album named Based on a True Story, by the American musical country artist Blake Shelton. The song was written by Craig Michael Wisemen, Rhett Akins, and Dallas Davidson. The musical song was produced by Scott Hendricks.


Well, the boys around here, don’t listen to The Beatles
Run old Bocephus through a jukebox needle
At a Honky Tonk, where their boots stomp
All night! What? (That’s right!)
Yea! And what they call work, digging in the dirt
Gotta get it in the ground before the rain come down
To get paid, to get the girl
In your four-wheel drive (a country boy can survive)

Yea! The boys around here
Drinking that ice cold beer
Talking about girls, talking about trucks
Running them red dirt roads out, kicking up dust
The boys around here
Sending up a prayer to the Man upstairs
Backwoods legit, don’t take no shit
Chew tobacco, chew tobacco, chew tobacco, spit

Aw, heck!
Red, red, red, red, red, red, redneck

Well, the boys around here, they’re keeping it country
Ain’t a damn one know how to do the dougie
(You don’t do the dougie?)
No, not in Kentucky
But these girls around here yep, they still love me
Yea! The girls around here, they all deserve a whistle
Shaking that sugar, sweet as Dixie crystal
They like that ya’ll and southern drawl
And just can’t help it, because they just keep falling

For the boys around here
Drinking that ice cold beer
Talking about girls, talking about trucks
Running them red dirt roads out, kicking up dust
The boys around here
Sending up a prayer to the man upstairs
Backwoods legit, don’t take no shit
Chew tobacco, chew tobacco, chew tobacco, spit

Let me hear you say
(O! Let’s ride!)
(O! Let’s ride!)
Down to the river side

Hey, now, girl! Hop inside
Me and you gonna take a little ride to the river
Let’s ride! (That's right!)
Lay a blanket on the ground
Kissing and the crickets is the only sound
We out of town
Have you ever got down with a … 
red, red, red, red, red, red, redneck?
And do you wanna get down with a ...
red, red, red, red, red, red, redneck?
Girl, you gotta get down

With the boys around here
Drinking that ice cold beer
Talking about girls, talking about trucks
Running them red dirt roads out, kicking up dust
The boys around here
Sending up a prayer to the man upstairs
Backwoods legit, don't take no shit
Chew tobacco, chew tobacco, chew tobacco, spit

Red, red, red, red, red, red, redneck
(O! Let’s ride!)
I’m one of them boys around here
(O! Let’s ride!)
Red, red, red, red, red, red, redneck
(O! Let’s ride)

Well, all I’m thinking about is you and me, how we’ll be
So, come on, girl! Hop inside
Me and you, we’re gonna take a little ride
Lay a blanket on the ground
Kissing and the crickets is the only sound
We out of town
Girl, you gotta get down with a...
Come on through the country side
Down to the river side


Cinco turns wearing a hopeful smile and asks to A.J. “Did her index finger move again?”
“No.”
“Did her hand move again?”
“No.” A.J. comments and then frowns with his worry.
Cinco asks. “What do we do next? I’ve dialed through three familiar country musical songs that affected Mama. What is next step, A.J.?”
A.J. exhales with worry still using his active mind. He states, “Do you play other musical songs inside Pig pen, Cinco?”
“No!”
A.J. asks, “Does Arie ever hear another type of …”
“Yeah! Yeah.” Cinco smiles and bounces up and down then stops jumping and explains. “Mama, sometimes, rides with Flamingo, in his sports car, when we wanna go someplace else and Flamingo wants to pretend to be the leader of the wolf pack and also entertain our mama. Then he plays his loud rock and roll musical songs in the front seat echoing back into the rear seats that makes your brain cells spins and your sinuses run.” A.J. turns the smiles pointing with several head nods at Cinco in silence.
Cinco laughs and nods back. He states. “Yeah! Yeah! I’ll switch the radio station and find one of Flamingo’s familiar rock and rock musical songs here on the television channel. Then let’s see, if she moves her index finger from that loud music.” He returns back to the television screen and searching and finds a familiar rock and rock song that plays inside Pig Pen.
The musical song entitled Life in the Fast Lane was released on May 03, 1977, by the American rock and roll musical band named Eagles. The band members formed in the year 1971, in the city of Los Angeles, at the home of American musical artist Linda Ronstadt. 
The musicians included Glenn Lewis Frey (guitars, vocals); Donald Hugh Henley (drums, vocals); Bernie Leadon (guitars, vocals) and Randy Meisner (bass guitar, vocals).
The singers and songwriters were Donald Hugh Henley; Glenn Lewis Frey, and Joseph Fidler Walsh. The musical band played Rock, Country Rock, Soft Rock, and Folk Rock sounds.


He was a hard-headed man
He was brutally handsome, and she was terminally pretty
She held him up, and he held her for ransom
In the heart of the cold, cold city

He had a nasty reputation as a cruel dude
They said he was ruthless, they said he was crude
They had one thing in common
They were good in bed, she'd say
“Faster, faster, the lights are turning red.”

Surely make you lose your mind
(Life in the fast lane) yeah

Are you with me so far?

Eager for action and hot for the game
The coming attraction, the drop of a name
They knew all the right people, they took all the right pills
They threw outrageous parties, they paid heavenly bills

There were lines on the mirror, lines on her face
She pretended not to notice; she was caught up in the race
Out every evening, until it was light
He was too tired to make it, she was too tired to fight about it

Surely make you lose your mind
(Life in the fast lane) yeah
(Life in the fast lane) everything, all the time
(Life in the fast lane) a-ha

Blowing and burning, blinded by thirst
They didn’t see the stop sign, took a turn for the worse
She said, “Listen, baby! You can hear the engine ring.”
“We’ve been up and down this highway, haven’t seen a goddamn thing.”

He said, “Call the doctor! I think, I’m gonna crash.”
“The doctor say, he’s coming, but you gotta pay him cash.”
They went rushing down that freeway, messed around and got lost
They didn’t care, they were just dying to get off, and it was

Surely makes you lose your mind
(Life in the fast lane) yeah
(Life in the fast lane) everything all the time
(Life in the fast lane) a-ha


“Arie!” A.J. shouts out loud and presents a smile pointing down at her hand.
“What!” Cinco screams in anticipation then spins around racing back and stands beside A.J. He scans Arie’s body without seeing any twitches or moves.
A.J. smiles then explains. “Her index finger slowly lifted up in slow-move after hearing the musical notes from the familiar rock and roll musical song. Her finger moves in slow motion. I saw it. I saw it. When you played that familiar rock and roll musical song, she twitched her index finger to signal, to us, that she is alive, within her comatose body, and she is also in there and with us, within her active mental mind. She hears that familiar rock and roll musical song in her mind and here inside her hospital room too.”
Cinco gasps in shock then comments. “Her finger twitched in slow motion. This is great, A.J.! This is wonderful, A.J. This a freaking miracle from the Almighty Father! Mama hears rock and roll musical songs all the time. Flamingo plays them all the time in his sports car. So, the musical song is penetrating into her active mind causing her body to slowly move in motion too. That’s great!” Cinco starts to bounce up and down expressing his belief and relief and excitement.
A.J. orders. “Go and change to musical stations and find another familiar rock and roll song and also increase the volume on that song too, so she can hear it.”
Cinco spins around and faces the opposite wall rushing ahead then slams into the mounted television screen without causing an accident. He back steps laughing out loud and starts to dial through the station and finds the next rock and roll musical song.
The musical song entitled Girls. Girls. Girls from the album with the same title Girls. Girls. Girls and was released on May 15, 1987, by the American heavy metal musical band named Mötley Crüe. The song was produced by Tom Werman. The band members included Vince Neil (vocals); Tommy Lee (drums, piano, backing vocals); Mick Mars (guitars; backing vocals) and Nikki Sixx (bass guitar; backing vocal). 


Friday night and I need a fight
My motorcycle and a switchblade knife
Handful of grease in my hair feels right
But what I need to make me tight are those
Girls. Girls. Girls
Long legs and burgundy lips
Girls. Girls. Girls
Dancing down on Sunset Strip
Girls. Girls. Girls
Red lips, fingertips

Trick or treat, sweet to eat
On Halloween and New Year’s Eve
Yankee girls, you just can’t be beat
But they’re the best, when they’re off their feet

Girls. Girls. Girls
At the Dollhouse in Fort Lauderdale
Girls. Girls. Girls
Rocking in Atlanta at Tattletale
Girls. Girls. Girls
Raising hell at the Seventh Veil

Have you read the news in the Soho Tribune?
You know, she did me
Well then, she broke my heart
I’m such a good, good boy
I just need a new toy
I tell you what, girl
Dance for me. I’ll keep you overemployed
Just tell me a story
You know, the one I mean

Crazy Horse, Paris, France
Forgot the names, remember romance
I got the photos, a menage-a-trois
Must’ve broke those Frenchies’ laws with those

Girls. Girls. Girls.
B-B-Body Shop, Marble Arch

Girls. Girls. Girls.
Tropicana’s where I lost my heart

Girls. Girls. Girls.
Girls. Girls. Girls.
Girls. Girls. Girls.
Girls. Girls. Girls.
Girls. Girls. Girls.


A.J. turns and frowns saying to the back spine on Cinco. “Really, Cinco?”
“Real, A.J.!” Cinco smiles and dances to the musical song, “Flamingo plays this damn song all the damn time in his car and me and Breck and Mama have to gawd damn endure it too.”
A.J. returns and stares down at her hand. “Arie!” He screams and points down at her hand. “The same index finger on her left hand has slowly twitched, moving up and then settling down, again, after hearing that familiar rock and rock musical song. She likes rock and roll musical songs too. I didn’t know that.”
Cinco spins around and nods several times wearing a smile and yells, “Good! Great! If you keep playing all of Flamingo’s rock and roll musical songs, maybe Mama will start to dance with her body and then wake up from the loud noise.”
“That’s a great working theory, Cinco.” A.J. comments and smiles staring down at Arie.
Cinco spins around and starts to rotate through each rock and roll musical song, presenting a smile of hope and finds another familiar rock and roll musical song that is played within Arie’s two eardrums.
The musical song entitled The Chain coming from the studio album called Rumours and was released on February 04, 1977 and performed by the British-American rock and roll musical band named Fleetwood Mac. The musical band members included Stevie Nicks; Lindsey Buckingham; Christine McVie; John McVie, and Mick Fleetwood. The musical band played Rock and Roll musical sounds.
The musical song was both composed and written by all the band musicians from Fleetwood Mac in the musical key of E minor.
The song was created from combinations of various rejected musical materials including solo work by Lindsey Buckingham, Stevie Nicks, and Christine McVie. The musical song was assembled by splicing the tapes with a razor blade at the music studio named Record Plant, in the city of Sausalito, within the U.S. State of California, using two musical engineers Ken Caillat and Richard Dashut.


Listen to the wind blow, watch the sun rise
Running in the shadows, damn your love, damn your lies
And if, you don’t love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain (Never break the chain)

And if you don’t love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain (Never break the chain)

Listen to the wind blow, down comes the night
Running in the shadows, damn your love, damn your lies
Break the silence, damn the dark, damn the light

And if you don’t love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain (Never break the chain)

And if you don’t love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain (Never break the chain)

And if you don’t love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain (Never break the chain)

Chain keep us together (running in the shadow)
Chain keep us together (running in the shadow)
Chain keep us together (running in the shadow)
Chain keep us together (running in the shadow)
Chain keep us together (running in the shadow)
Chain keep us together (running in the shadow)


Cinco does not hear A.J.’s high-pitched manly screech then lowers the volume on the new musical song, spinning around, presenting a worried brow. He asks A.J., “Did Mama twitch her same index finger, on her left hand, coming from third familiar rock and roll musical song?”
A.J. stares with concern at her face then comments. “No! Arie did not response to the third rock and roll musical song.”
“Why not?”
“I do not know. Maybe, Arie has communicated her contentment with the rock and roll music.”
Cinco explains, “I do know. She heard two country musical songs and did not twitch her finger. Then she heard three country music songs and twitched her finger two times. So, she is communicating something to us. The country music song represents Breck. Breck is her first born triple son and he is present here. The rock and roll song represents only Flamingo, her middle triple son. But Flamingo is not present here and Mama know that too. So, let’s play three of my favorite or familiar alternative musical song and see if Mama reacts. If Mama does not react, then we know that Mama is looking and waiting on Flamingo feeling his touch, sniffing his smell and hearing his voice. I don’t give a damn what Breck says or does or smells or feels or farts. Mama has three sons. Her three sons are different, within her motherly eyes and her motherly ears.”
A.J. looks up then turns nodding with a smile, saying to Cinco. “I agree with your logical statement, Cinco. So, let’s play one of your musical songs. And if Arie does not react to your music, then we go around the musical world and play each type of musical tune and see if Arie is communicating something else to us also. Then if Arie does not react to another type of musical song, we play another familiar rock and roll musical song from Flamingo’s car collection, again, and see if she reacts by twitching her index fingers. And if she reacts, then we know for damn shore that Arie is waiting and watching for Flamingo to come here and stand by her bedside. And I be damned, if that boy is absent three seconds longer than need be here. Because, I’ll personally use my billions and hunt his ass down and then drag his butthole back here to the hospital and break his damn healthy arm, if his voice and his smell and his presence will awaken Arie back into consciousness, so she can resume her normal life and lifestyle with her three sons and me too.”
“Amen to that act and action, A.J.!” Cinco states then laughs. “And me and Breck will ride shotgun ensuring that Flamingo does not escape, from us, again, if Mama reacts to a third rock and roll musical song and needs to hear Flamingo’s screams of torture. Don’t worry! I’ll break his damn healthy arm; I’m his bigger and badder asshole brother,” he spins around and starts to laugh along with A.J. He fiddles around the control dial and finds a musical song.
The musical song entitled The Real Slim Shady was released on the album entitled The Marshall Mathers LP, on April 18, 2000, by the American musical rapper Eminem. The song was composed by Marshall Mathers (vocals); Andre Young (guitar); Michael Elizondo (bass guitar), and Thomas Coster (keyboards). The musical producers were Dr. Dre and Mel-Man.
The musician played Comedy Hip-Hop and Hardcore Hip-Hop sounds.
The musical rap song was a fresh, slick, bright melodic and electro rhythm featuring cool special effects, including fart noises and heavy breathing, making a person laugh and dance to the funky beat.


May I have your attention, please?
May I have your attention, please?
Will the real Slim Shady, please, stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady, please, stand up?
We’re gonna have a problem here

Ya’ll act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam, like Tommy, just burst in the door
And started whooping her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwing her over furniture (Agh!)
It’s the return of the “Ah, wait! No way! You’re kidding!”
He didn’t just say, “What I think he did, did he?”
And Dr. Dre said, “Nothing, you idiots!”
Dr. Dre's dead, he’s locked in my basement (Ha! Ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
“Chicka! Chicka! Chicka! Slim Shady, I’m sick of him
Look at him, walking around, grabbing his you-know-what
Flipping the you-know-who.”
“Yeah! But he’s so cute though.”
Yeah! I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what’s going on in your parents’ bedrooms
Sometimes, I wanna get on T.V. and just let loose
But can’t; but it’s cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
“My bum is on your lips; my bum is on your lips.”
And if I’m lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that’s the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman’s clitoris is
Of course, they’re gonna know, what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They’ve got the Discovery Channel. Don’t they?
We ain’t nothing but mammals, well, some of us, cannibals
Who cut other people open, like cantaloupes?
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there’s no reason that a man and another man can’t elope
But if you feel, like I feel, I got the antidote
Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes

I’m Slim Shady. Yes! I’m the real Shady
All you other Slim Shady’s are just imitating
So, won’t the real Slim Shady, please, stand up?
Please, stand up! Please, stand up!
Cause, I’m Slim Shady. Yes. I’m the real Shady
All you other Slim Shady’s are just imitating
So, won’t the real Slim Shady, please stand up?
Please, stand up! Please, stand up!

Will Smith don’t gotta cuss in his raps to sell records
Well, I do! So, fuck him and fuck you, too!
You think, I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you, critics can’t even stomach me, let alone stand me
“But Slim, what if you win, wouldn’t it be weird?”
Why, so, you guys could just lie to get me here?
So, you can sit me here next to Britney Spears.
Shit! Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So, I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear them argue over, who she gave head to first
Little bitch put me on blast on M.T.V.
“Yeah! He’s cute. But I think he’s married to Kim. Hee-hee!”
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world, how you gave Eminem V.D.
I’m sick of you, little girl and boy groups
All you do is annoy me, so I have been sent here to destroy you
And there’s a million of us, just like me
Who cuss like me, who just don’t give a fuck, like me?
Who dress like me, walk, talk and act, like me?
And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me

Cause, I’m Slim Shady. Yes. I’m the real Shady
All you, other Slim Shady’s are just imitating
So, won't the real Slim Shady, please, stand up?
Please, stand up! Please, stand up!
Cause, I’m Slim Shady. Yes. I’m the real Shady.
All you, other Slim Shady’s are just imitating
So, won’t the real Slim Shady, please, stand up?
Please, stand up! Please, stand up!

I’m like a head trip to listen to because I’m only giving you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your living room
The only difference is, I got the balls to say it in front of ya'll
And I don’t gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it, I just shit it
Better than ninety percent of you, rappers out can
Then you wonder, “How can
Kids eat up these albums, like Valiums?”
It’s funny! Cause, at the rate, I’m going, when I’m thirty
I’ll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurse’s asses, when I’m jacking off with Jergens
And I’m jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isn’t working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spitting on your onion rings
Or in the parking lot, circling, screaming, “I don’t give a fuck!”
With his windows down and his system up
So, will the real Shady, please, stand up?
And put one of those fingers on each hand up.
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud, as you can. How does it go?

I’m Slim Shady. Yes. I’m the real Shady
All you, other Slim Shady’s are just imitating
So, won’t the real Slim Shady, please, stand up?
Please, stand up! Please, stand up!

Cause, I’m Slim Shady. Yes. I’m the real Shady
All you, other Slim Shady’s are just imitating
So, won’t the real Slim Shady, please, stand up?
Please, stand up! Please, stand up!

Cause, I’m Slim Shady. Yes. I’m the real Shady
All you, other Slim Shady’s are just imitating
So, won’t the real Slim Shady, please, stand up?
Please, stand up! Please, stand up!

Cause, I’m Slim Shady. Yes. I’m the real Shady
All you, other Slim Shady’s are just imitating
So, won’t the real Slim Shady, please, stand up?
Please, stand up! Please, stand up!

Ha! Ha! I guess, there’s a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it! Let’s all stand up!
90 minutes later….

At 08:39 a.m., Breck enters the hospital room, stops a few feet from the archway, and stands on the floor, wearing a sour frown. He hears the loud heavy metal musical song coming from the television screen. 
The musical song Country Song was released from the studio album named Holding onto Strings Better Left to Fray, on March 08, 2011 and performed by the South African musical rock band named Seether. The musical song was produced by Brendan O’Brien. The musical song was written by Dale Stewart; John Humphrey; Shaun Morgan, and Troy William McLawhorn, featuring a swampy unique guitar riff by band member Shaun Morgan.


Well, I can’t stand to look at you, now
This revelation’s out of my hands
Still, I can’t bear the thought of you, now
This complication’s leaving me scared

Stay, when you think you want me
Pray, when you need advice
Hey! Keep your sickness off me, trying to get through
Blame, all your weakness on me
Shame, that I’m so contrite
Hey! Keep your fingers off me! Why can’t I get through?

You think you have the best of intentions
I cannot shake the taste of blood in my mouth

I keep on thinking, that it’s
(Hey!) All done and all over now (Whoa!)
You keep on thinking, you can save me, save me
(Hey!) My ship is sinking, but it’s
(Hey!) All good, and I can go down (Whoa!)
You’ve got me thinking that the party’s all over

Well, I can’t stand to be with myself
This liberation’s seemingly rare
And I can’t stand the taste of your mouth
This sublimation’s out of my hands

You stay, because you think, you want me
Pray, when you need advice
Hey! Keep your sickness off me. I’m trying to get through
Shame, you could take this from me
Bane on an empty mind
Hey! Keep your fingers off me. Why can’t I get through?

I keep on thinking, that it’s
(Hey!) All done, and all over now (Whoa!)
You keep on thinking, you can save me, save me
(Hey!) My ship is sinking, but it’s
(Hey!) All good, and I can go down (Whoa!)
You’ve got me thinking, that the party’s all over

Lay down
Just stay down
Lay down, because I’m trying to get through

Say what you want; but you’re not gonna win this time
Take what you want; but just leave me alive
Say what you want; but you’re not gonna win this time
Take what you want, but just leave me alive

I keep on thinking, that it’s
(Hey!) All done, and all over now (Whoa)
You keep on thinking, you can save me, save me
(Hey!) My ship is sinking, but it’s
(Hey!) All good, and I can go down (Whoa)
Still, you believe, that we can start it all over

Lay down
Just stay down
Lay down, because the party’s all over

Lay down
Just stay down
Lay down, because I’m trying to get through


Cinco stands in front of the television screen. A.J. sits on top of the stool seat and stares in silence down at Arie.
Breck does not yell but lowly sneers with annoyance saying with a nasty timber to his brother, “What’s that terrible noise, Cinco? What are you doing with that active television device on here inside Mama’s hospital room, Cinco? What’s going on in here, A.J.?” He covers both of his sensitive eardrums and starts to sneer at both Cinco and A.J.
Cinco lowers the volume on the active musical song coming from the hidden speakers on the built-in the television screen on the side wall then quickly spins around wearing a smile, swiftly racing ahead to the bedside with his other. He stands beside a sitting A.J. and points down at Arie’s still hand and expresses the good news. “Breck, Mama twitched her index finger, on her left hand.”
A.J. slides off the stool giving the position to Breck, slowly back stepping from the hospital bed and around the mounted hospital equipment and then stands a few feet away from Cinco and Arie. He wants to hear the brotherly exchange also.
Breck gasps in shock then smiles saying to Arie. “Is Mama awake? Is Mama speaking? I know this would happen. Mama! Mama! This is Breck. Mama, are you awake? Mama, can you hear me?” He swiftly moves ahead, then stops and assumes the hard stool seat smiling down at his mother. She still sleeps in a comatose state without movement.
Cinco exhales with disappointment still studying his mother and exclaims. “No! She is not awoken yet. I played a country musical song here inside her to quiet hospital room. Then she twitched her index finger, on her left hand. Then I tried each a different country musical song to get her to repeat the signal with her finger, but she didn’t move her index finger again. Then I switched the radio station to a rock and roll musical song. Then she twitched her same index finger, on her same left hand. She can hear all the musical songs and words and beats and drums and guitars. So, I turned the dial and played a different rock and roll musical song on the television radio station. But Mama didn’t twitch her same index finger. So, I’ve been playing every type of musical song coming from each different television radio channels, since eight o’clock, this morning. But Mama has not twitched her same index finger again, on her same left hand.”
Breck continues to sit and nods with a worried brow at Arie’s hand then her face saying with a calm timber. “Well, I know the answer. She is tired of the loud musical notes. You have been blasting her delicate two eardrums and as she has been hearing all the different types of loud musical songs. Go and cut off that television radio right now, Cinco! Mama needs to rest right now and right here!” He sneers at his brother for both disturbing and perturbing the quiet hospital atmosphere during Arie’s slumber.
Cinco continues to stand beside Breck pointing down at her left hand, wearing a smile. He says and slaps his chest. “Me and A.J. just proved the scientists and their scientific theory, that a comatose patient needs to hear or image their normal daily routine. Then the comatose patient will awaken like sleeping beauty. When Mama heard a particularly different musical song, her index finger twitched, on her left hand. So, she needs to hear her usual normal daily routine. Thus, Mama must hear the voice of her third son, Flamingo, like a normal day of her normal routine at her house. Then, she’ll awaken. I know it. I feel it. I promise it.” He drops his hand and slaps his leg nodding with a grin and then softly chuckles at his brilliant idea.
Breck sneers and frowns down and states to Arie. “She heard his voice already.”
Cinco frowns then states. “No! Mama didn’t hear Flamingo’s voice.”
He frowns then comments, “Yeah! Mama heard his voice the other night, when Flamingo was yelling and screaming at us. She or I couldn’t miss his timber.”
A.J. continues to stand beside Breck and Cinco and states. “Breck is correct.”
Cinco shakes his bone skull then states. “Naw! That ain’t the same thing, Breck! When a person’s mad and angry, their regular vocal cords are echoed and do not sound like your regular natural voice.”
Breck laughs then comments. “Flamingo’s loud voice sounded the same to me, when he was shouting at me in the hallway. Drop this useless conversation about Flamingo, Cinco! I do not wanna talk about him ever again. He ain’t part of our family anymore. He may that decision, not I.”
Cinco frowns then states. “You’re not listening to my words, here, Breck. Mama reacted to a specific musical song, because she had heard it before. She did not react to a country musical song first, because we played country musical tunes inside Pig Pen. every night, right before our supper meal. She knows that we are here with her in the hospital room. She’s communicating with us with the familiar country musical song. Then, I tried to play a different country musical song. Mama did not react. So, she is still communicating with us with a different country musical song.”
He exhales with frustration and stares at his mother then speaks back to his brother. “Your spitting out nonsense, bro! This is all nonsense, Cinco!”
Cinco smiles then comments. “This is logical, Breck. Then, A.J. suggested switching the musical tune to a rock and roll musical song to see if Mama would react. I switched the television radio station and played a familiar rock and roll musical song. Mama reacted and twitched her same index finger, on her same left hand. She heard that familiar rock and roll song. She reacted to that familiar rock and roll musical song. So, she is communicating with us through that familiar rock and roll musical song. Then I switched the musical station and played a second familiar rock and roll musical song. Mama did react. So, she’s still communicating with us with a different rock and roll musical song. Don’t you see or hear the pattern?” He nods, “After we played through each type of different music, Mama did not react moving her index finger, on her left hand. Don’t you see? Don’t you understand, Breck?”
He frowns then expresses. “Mama’s tired. I hear that, so I understand that. Get away from her, ya’ll! She needs sleep. All of those loud confusing musical songs has interfered with her peaceful slumber.”
Cinco turns and mouth spits his wet salvia upon the cheekbone on Breck. “No, Breck! The country musical song represents her two sons, who are named asshole Breck and smarter Cinco.” Breck turns and sneers at Cinco. Cinco laughs and nods his bone skull then explains. “That familiar rock and roll musical song represents her smart-ass son, Flamingo.” Breck balls both hands into fists and snarls at Cinco.
A.J. nods with a stern face and still stands behind the two taller teens then says. “Arie is used to hearing both of those familiar country musical songs and rock and roll musical songs during her normal routine at her home. That’s why she is reacting or not reacting using her finger twitch. I agree with you, Cinco. She is hearing a familiar musical song and is communicating that she is here with us. We just have to try and find the right song or tune or tone which will awaken her mind into consciousness next. Then Arie will come back into reality as her normal self and be with us.” He rubs his tired face and drops both of his hands slapping his legs.
Cinco spins around to face A.J. and shakes his curls then explains. “No, A.J.! You do not understand me here, but asshole Breck does. Breck always plays a country musical song in his bedroom, inside his truck cab, and in Pig Pen, with his two brothers, every damn day and night. But Flamingo is the only one that plays all of those numerous ancient and familiar rock and roll musical songs, when he travels inside his sports car. Mama always hears those familiar rock and roll musical songs, when she rides along with her two other sons and smart-ass driver Flamingo.” A.J. gasps. Breck sneers.
Cinco nods with a big smile and explains. “Mama is communicating with us, A.J. She hears and knows the familiar voices of her two sons, asshole Breck and smarter Cinco, who are present here and now inside her hospital room. Now, she wants to hear the voice of her smartass son Flamingo.”
A.J. nods then states. “I believe you, Cinco. Where’s Flamingo located at right now? We gotta go and find him and bring Flamingo back here to her hospital room. He needs to speak to his mother. Flamingo can help Arie and break her comatose state.”
Breck does not spin around to face A.J. exhaling with frustration at Cinco, frowning down at his mother. “Cinco ain’t no licensed and bonded Alabama medical physician. His theory is all wrong and invalid and useless. Anyways, I or you or anyone else does not know his whereabouts, A.J.”
Cinco exhales with worry and nods to A.J. “Yeah, Flamingo can fix this. I wish that he was here. Wait! He’s here. Flamingo lives inside my cell phone,” he laughs and whips out his personal mobile telephone wiggling the device near his smile. “I have a voice message from Flamingo with his own words,” he spins around to face Arie shuffling Breck off the stool, accessing Arie’s bone skull. Breck falls off the seat almost hitting the wall of mounted hospital equipment pieces, sneering at Cinco, slowly back stepping from his mother and his brother. He stops and stands beside A.J.
Cinco carefully lowers his phone and then swishes through the menu finding an individual recorded voice message with Flamingo’s voice. “I found it.” He leans over and holds the phone’s screen near the eardrum on Arie. He plays out loud the single recording with Flamingo’s recorded words.
Her index finger, on her left hand slowly twitches up in the air for one millisecond and then quickly falls back down landing on top of the soft hospital blanket.
A.J. sees the event, cheers, and claps saying with a smile. “This works. She twitched her index finger, on her left hand. Do it, again, Cinco!”
Breck grunts with annoyance but feels very happy that Cinco’s idea works. “Play it, again, Cinco!”
Cinco stands upright with a smile and then jumps up and down holding his mobile telephone in both hands and then stops, leaning over and plays the same voice message of Flamingo’s recorded words, again, near her eardrum. Arie does not react.
Breck nods “Nothing! She does not react. That was a good idea.”
Cinco smiles, “Naw! This was a great idea and a great experiment. Flamingo, our brother, her Middle Child, he’s the key here.” He spins around and nods to Breck and then A.J.
Breck sneers with his nasty tone and feelings. “Flamingo is not here.”
A.J. nods with a smile. “That single voice recording of Flamingo’s words into her eardrum caused her index finger on her hand to move upwards in the air. You proved your scientific working theory, Cinco. Just like that familiar rock and roll musical song you played in her hospital room which had caused her index finger, on her left hand to move in an upward motion too. I agree with Cinco. Flamingo’s the key and the missing element here.”
Breck frowns. “Mama knows that we are here.”
Cinco nods. “Mama knows that you and I are here with her, inside her hospital room. Mama needs to hear Flamingo’s natural voice. We need to find Flamingo right now. Where would that boy get to right now?”
Breck frowns. “Flamingo ain’t part of the family anymore.”
Cinco nods. “Of course, he’s part of the family, Brick Brain. You can’t kick a blood relative outta our family, because of your angry, asshole feelings, dude. He’ll always be a part of our family for the rest of his life days.”
A.J. smiles, “If Arie reacted to the first mobile telephone recording of Flamingo’s voice, then play a different mobile telephone recording of Flamingo’s recorded words, Cinco.”
“Okay!” Cinco looks down at the screen on his phone and swishes through each stored voice recording for another copy of Flamingo’s voice.
A.J. nods. “Breck, do you possess any voice recordings of Flamingo’s voice on your personal mobile telephone?”
Breck stares at Arie and exhales with worry. “No! I don’t keep Flamingo in my phone. And I always delete all of my old voice messages for a set of new ones.”
Cinco smiles. “I found another voice recording of Flamingo’s voice,” he spins around and leans over playing a second voice recording from Flamingo near her eardrum. Arie flips her wrist bone upwards in the air, on her left hand then quickly drops the limb down on top of the soft hospital blanket. He smiles at Arie and stands upright feeling happiness.
AJ smiles and points at her arm, “She moved her entire hand and her wrist bone upwards in the air for a one second then dropped it down on top of the blanket. This is excellent! Play it again, Cinco!” Cinco replays the same voice recording from his mobile telephone into her eardrum. Arie does not move her finger or her hand or her wrist bone. A.J. nods and exhales with disappointment. “Well, this is a good start. Now, we go and find Flamingo dragging his ass back here to her hospital room. Once, he talks to Arie, she’ll awaken into full consciousness immediately.”
Breck stares with a stern face at his mother. “Flamingo’s mad at our mama and each one of us. I promise you this. He won’t talk to Mama.”
“Then, I’ll come and break his damn finger or his fucking arm or his shitty leg bone.” Cinco stands upright and spins around laughing along with A.J. “Then, he can cry and moan for hours into our mama’s face, here inside her hospital room, after an orthopedic medical physician resets all his broken bones, from my fists. She’ll know his sissy whines too and then awaken into full consciousness. The point here! Arie needs to wake up and heal her own body. Flamingo can heal anytime. So, do you have any guess to Flamingo’s current location, Breck?”
A.J. smiles, “You don’t have to physically carry the broken body on Flamingo here to us. Call Flamingo on his mobile telephone! Every teen lives with their personal cell phone. Then, when he answers, shove the telephone into her eardrum. Flamingo will become confused and will continue to call out loud to the mysterious caller. Arie will hear and then recognize his natural voice and wake up from her coma state.”
Cinco winks. “Or Flamingo will shout out his string of elegant but ugly curse words which will wake up the dead, too, beside Mama,” he laughs with both A.J. and Breck. Cinco spins around to face Arie and presses the familiar icon face on his mobile telephone hearing the voice greeting drifting up into his two eardrums. He does not leave a voice message for Flamingo but presses the icon again leaning down and plays the voice greeting from Flamingo near her eardrum. Arie shifts her hand upwards in the air and then the limb falls down back on top of the blanket. He disconnects the call pressing the icon, playing the same voice message near her eardrum again. Next, Arie does not move her finger or her hand or her wrist bone from Flamingo’s same vocal words.
A.J. nods at Arie. “Arie only seems to react only to the first set of Flamingo’s spoken words. Why would that be?”
Cinco stands upright and stares down at Arie, “Because, Mama knows, within her active, not her damaged mind, that her smart-ass son Flamingo is not here with her and with us.”
Breck frowns. “That’s not right! His voice is right here with her.”
Cinco frowns. “And her active mind is smarter and knows that second voice recording is only a voice recording of her son Flamingo’s voice. We gotta go and find Flamingo and bring him back here in person, with or without spilled red tinted blood proteins,” he swings around and winks to Breck.
A.J. whips out his personal mobile telephone and presses the familiar face icon drawing the phone into his ear, leaving a nasty voice message for a misplaced and misbehaving Flamingo. He disconnects the call and presses the icon again listening to the recorded greeting from Flamingo’s phone. He disconnects the call then looks up to see Breck and then Cinco, “To me, Flamingo is purposefully not answering his cell phone. And he is not staying at there at his house. Where else would Flamingo be slumming with Iredell or his high school friends?”
Breck spins around and views saying to A.J. “Flamingo might be staying with Doyle or Brett or Yancy.”
Cinco spins around to face A.J. and then Breck shaking his curls saying with a calm timber. “Naw. Flamingo’s not hiding out there. I’ve already texted them, when I was hunting down Flamingo, the first time. Where’s he staying at, Breck?”
Breck spins around from Arie then laughs moving ahead and then stops standing at the tall hospital-issued dressing table, where Arie’s handbag sits beside a bag of her personal clothing items. He rummages through her purse and pulls out her personal mobile telephone fiddling with the icons.
Cinco spins around from Arie and wears a frown, moving ahead and then stops standing beside Breck. “What are you doing, Breck?”
Breck continues to fiddle with the keyboard on her personal mobile telephone. “Mama has a geographical tracker on each one of our personal mobile telephones. That’s why she’s not mad when we sleep with our electronic toys. Cut off your mobile telephone, Cinco! Your signal is going to interfere with Flamingo’s active mobile telephone signal. And someone go and cut off my cell phone also. I’m accessing the tracker data on her phone.”
Cinco cuts off the power to his mobile telephone then shuffles to the second dresser table storing his dead phone in his back pocket, grabbing and then shuts off the power to Breck’s mobile telephone. Cinco spins around and views Breck holding the phone, “Does she have a pass-code on her mobile phone?”
“No. She does not have a pass-code on her personal mobile telephone.”
He frowns. “How do you know of this and that, Breck?”
Breck smiles and fiddles with the phone. “I’m first born triplet son. Mama has given me some special responsibilities in order to take care of my two triplet brothers. I know about the tracker system. And I’ve successfully tracked down asshole Flamingo. His personal mobile telephone is located on Kay Street between the hospital building and Morris Road. Damn!” He views Cinco. “Flamingo’s hanging out in the corn fields and spying on us the entire time. We should call Tommy Lee and get him to arrest Flamingo for trespassing on someone else’s farm land too.” He laughs with Cinco.
“We can do that later, Breck, after Arie has been awaken.” A.J. nods with laughter to Breck.
“Let’s go and get his ass, right now, Breck!” Cinco spins around and sneers strutting towards the closed door. “I’m going to shove my foot all the way up his ass, without breaking his nice set of pretty white teeth. Only because, Flamingo needs both his teeth and tongue to sing and talk with Mama. You make shore I didn’t kill him, Breck.” A.J. laughs and watches the two brothers.
Breck swiftly moves ahead grabbing up his personal telephone from the table surface while holding the tracker phone in his other hand. He follows Cinco and laughs in amusement. “Shore thing, bro!” They swiftly exit the hospital room racing down an empty hallway then wait on the elevator carriage taking the carriage down to the ground floor and then quickly exit the hospital building.

At 09:34 a.m., in the bright sunlight and heated day, inside the hospital parking lot, Cinco leads his brother towards Arie’s pickup truck, enters, and then starts the engine while loudly cursing at Flamingo.
Breck slides down into the front passenger seat sounding with laughter and then slams the door shut, looking down at the tiny screen on Arie’s telephone that blinks with a single location for the personal mobile telephone that belongs to Flamingo.
Cinco carefully drives away from the hospital’s parking lot then presses the gasoline pedal racing down the public but empty pavement on Kay Street. He sneers. “Tell me when we got close to Flamingo! Do we need to come up behind Flamingo’s rear bumper? He’s going to see the flying truck in his rearview mirrors and then he’ll take off running away from us again.”
He laughs, “Naw! We call A.J. next and get Tommy Lee to find and block Flamingo, inside his damn sports car. Tommy Lee is more than pissed off than we at asshole Flamingo for abandoning our mother. Tommy Lee will beat you to the punch, literally, Cinco. We might have to fight off Tommy Lee from killing Flamingo for being a bad triplet son.” Cinco continues to drive sounding with laughter.
He gasps then says, “Slow down, Cinco! The blink is becoming a solid dot, so we’re getting really close to Flamingo now.” He looks up and stares at the familiar roadway. “Flamingo is nearby here.”
Cinco slows the truck speed and as the vehicle is the only transport on the public roadway. He states, “We’re two miles from the hospital building. There’s nothing out here, but miles and miles of low-lying unplowed fields. Crop season starts next month. Then next street name is Morris Road and that leads to the Morris Plantation and more of their unplowed crop fields. How close are we to Flamingo’s sports car?”
He lifts up and shows the screen on the phone into his face saying to Breck. “The blinking signal on his phone has turned into a solid dot of blue hue. We’re on top of Flamingo right here and right now.”
Cinco barely drives the truck over the smooth pavement scanning the fields and the roadway. “Where’s his car parked at? Is he resting on top of the dirt hiding like a snake? I don’t see his sports car or his upright body, Breck. Are we in the right spot, dude?”
He nods. “Yeah, the solid dot is solid blue. That indicates that he is right here, in this hot spot.”
Cinco continues to barely pace the truck over the smooth pavement and frowns through each window. “The solid blue dot means that his personal mobile telephone is here. The tracker system is tracking his personal mobile telephone only. We each have a personal mobile telephone with a different telephone number.”
Breck gasps then states. “That’s right!”
Cinco stares through the window at miles of unplowed crop fields and shouts. “Damn! He didn’t, did he?”
He looks up and stares through the glass windows seeing miles of unplowed crop fields yelling out loud. “Damn! He did, didn’t he?”
Cinco pulls the truck off the street and stops on the edge of the flat crop field of dirt parking the truck, killing the engine. “Damn! We need to get out and let the tracker track us around the field dirt. I bet we find his cell phone.”
“Fuck!” Breck shouts and opens his door leaving it open, standing upright on top of the dirt, looking down and slowly spins around moving down the parked truck. He studies the tracker application with a solid blue dot. The dot quickly turns into a blue tinted blinking signal. “I’m moving away from the cell phone and going in the wrong direction.” He shuffles around the rear bumper on the truck and moves ahead in the correct direction. “His cell phone is located west of our parked truck. We cross the roadway.” They both cross the roadway, stop, and then stand inside a new field of dirt.
“Now, we sorta turn and head due south.” Breck slowly scoots sideways over the edge of the dirt field, heads south, and halts over the body of water while staring down at the tracker dot on the screen.
Cinco shuffles with Breck and then stops, pointing down at the small creek of fresh water. “Damn! That’s Kay Branch, a creek of shallow water that comes from the Tennessee River and crosses the landscape and then goes underneath this roadway while feeding both the birds and wild animals.” 
He points down at the screen on the mobile telephone. “The solid dot is blue. The cell phone is located inside the shallow creek water.”
Cinco slowly moves down the dirt and then carefully sloshes through the shallow water. He wants to find Flamingo’s mobile telephone eliminating any error within the tracker system. He stops and reaches down into the cold water pulling out a golden-colored mobile telephone, lifting the item in the air for Breck to see also. He spins around with a sour frown and crawls out of the creek, moving back to the roadway, and then stops in front of Breck, holding the phone. 
Cinco yells, “Damn! Flamingo ditched his phone. Now, we can’t communicate with him foreverly. We don’t even know, where he’s at or where he’s been to or where he’s going to. Then, all hope is, now, lost!”
He smiles the states. “Naw! All hope is not lost, Cinco! I don’t believe that. We have found the answer. Now, we let Almighty God lead us straight to Flamingo. Flamingo’s mad. But he can’t stay mad at our mama foreverly. He’ll come to us. Watch and see!”
Cinco frowns with worry then asks. “What about Mama?”
He nods and says. “Mama is both safe and sound inside her hospital bed. Let’s go back and tell A.J the bad news.” They slowly move back and enter the parked truck. Cinco drives too fast steering down the highway and then parks at the hospital grounds.


10:10 a.m.
Lacy Springs Hospital
10th floor level
Hospital inpatient room


Both Breck and Cinco enter the hospital building and then travel up inside the elevator carriage arriving at the hospital wing, joining a huddle with both A.J. and Tommy Lee.
Tommy Lee waves a sheet of paper near his smile. “I found Flamingo.”
Cinco stands in wet clothes and gasps in shock then hollers. “What!” He lifts the wet phone in the air away from his face. “Where’s Flamingo hiding at, Tommy Lee?”
Breck gasps then exclaims, “What!” He points to the wet phone. “We found his tossed cell phone on Kay Street inside a creek stream. Where’s he at, Tommy Lee?”
Tommy Lee laughs then states. “Flamingo was robbed by robbers last night. His personal wallet was stolen. He’s staying at the Birmingham Inn located on the city street named University Boulevard, within the big bad metro city Birmingham.”
A.J. gasps then states. “That’s the main roadway, where Burn U is located for all college students.”
Cinco nods with a smile and says. “Mama has rented us a college apartment near that location too. But Flamingo can’t get inside that rented apartment. We can’t get inside the room until June, the first.”
Tommy Lee nods then informs. “Flamingo is renting a hotel room based on the Birmingham police report. He was robbed on at night at eleven o’clock coming back from a professional baseball game. He strolled on foot in a bad part of town. He was mugged and they stole his wallet. He returned back to the hotel building and reported the robbery. The hotel security officers wrote down his verbal testimony, which is standard operating police procedure. Then the hotel security officers reported the robbery to the Birmingham Police Department, which is also standard operating police procedure. I was hoping that Flamingo would get a speeding ticket as the asshole runs around my town in excess of the posted speed limits. So, I set my police computer mainframe to flag anything on the name, Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth. And low and behold, his name pinged on my police computer system, this morning. I receive all types of police information which is shared with all the other police departments throughout the great State of Alabama, and the rest of America, and the local F.B.I. Agency here in Alabama too.”
Breck laughs with a head nod then yells. “We found him. Now, we go and drive to the hotel and jerk his ass outta bed. Flamingo likes to sleep late in on Saturday mornings. He’s there and still asleep. Let’s surprise his ass!”
A.J. lifts both his palms near his stern face then orders. “Wait! Hold on here! His wallet was stolen. He doesn’t have any more money right now. And his wallet contains his personal bank card. So, Flamingo cannot get money without his bank card and is low or without fund monies right now. That hotel room near Burn U is very expensive, like 200 dollars-per-night for one room.”
Breck smiles then says, “Flamingo has been there since Thursday night and Friday night…”
“No.” Cinco states then frowns. “Flamingo stayed at our house on Thursday night as we’re here at the hospital. Nobody went back home to see Flamingo. So, he drove from our house and registered at that hotel on Friday morning, that’s only one night, Breck.”
Breck smiles then says, “And that’s one night of 200 dollars listed on his bank card which only holds 500 dollars. And Flamingo is eating out every breakfast, snack, lunch, and dinner meal and spending gasoline in his car, too boot. So, his bank card is probably tapped out to the maximum limit of 500 dollars. So, he grabs cash out from his bank account. However, he can only withdraw 300 dollars-per-day. Flamingo has not drawn out any cash as he is using his bank card, until it got stolen last night.” He roars with laughter then states, “Thus, he has no money, honey!”
“He can go to the bank, this morning, Breck,” Cinco nods and says. “Our bank is open on Saturday until two p.m. He can get out 300 dollars for both more food and gas for his car.”
A.J. smiles then says. “The time is now close to ten o’clock in the morning. Check-out time for any hotel room is eleven o’clock. So, Flamingo must decide to pay another 200 dollars for that nice expensive hotel room for Saturday night or eat all of teenly food meals. He can’t do both with only 300 dollars. However, Flamingo will receive a new bank card within a few business days. And tomorrow is Sunday, the banks are all closed. Flamingo cannot withdraw any more money to pay for the hotel rental on Sunday night either. So, we got him!” He laughs along with the others.
Tommy Lee smiles then says, “Based on the low cash money from Flamingo, he has checked out of his presently expensive hotel room and is running around inside his sports car. He probably has parked his car inside an outside shopping center parking spot and hanging out with the birdies.”
Cinco frowns then states. “Flamingo can park his car inside an underground parking lot from the hot sun.”
Tommy Lee frowns then exclaims. “Naw! He can’t do that and stay inside his car for hours and hours. The Mall Security guards are trained to spot that type of weird behavior like that. They’d go and arrest Flamingo and ten impound his car. And Flamingo’s a smart teen and knows not to do that.”
Cinco frowns then asks. “So, how do we find Flamingo now? He could be hiding anywhere within metro city Birmingham. That’d take hours and a fleet of trucks to find Flamingo inside an unknown town.”
Breck laughs then explains. “Well, Flamingo drove away from his mama’s house. He does not own that car, like I do not own my pickup truck. His mama owns that vehicle. So, technically, Flamingo has stolen that sports car, which belongs to his mother, without granting her permission to leave her house and the small cow town of Lacy Springs.”
Cinco gasps then exclaims. “What?”
Tommy Lee nods with a smile then states. “That’s not a bad idea, future junior lawyer! Flamingo does not own that car. I can issue over the electronic police system an A.P.B. or All Points Bulletin to the Birmingham police force to find and impound that sports car and hold Flamingo for questioning with a stolen vehicle as he coolly lounges inside their jail cell for my upcoming arrival,” he chuckles with the others.
Breck smiles then says, “Once a Birmingham police officer finds that stolen car, then they can arrest Flamingo. Tommy Lee can go and get Flamingo bringing his ass back here without questions. Then he can come back here and save Mama.”
A.J. nods with a grin then exclaims, “Amen!”
Tommy Lee whips out his personal mobile telephone and types on the tiny keyboard, staring down at the screen and states. “I am right now issuing the A.P.B. for Flamingo. The Birmingham Police Department will receive this A.P.B. notification within two hours. Then they immediately launch a search during the day using their police patrol cars looking out for his car and will find Flamingo.”
Cinco smiles, “Let’s all go and rent a hotel room, waiting on Flamingo’s arrest.”
Breck frowns. “Naw! I’m staying here with Mama.”
Tommy Lee finishes his task and looks up, saying with a sour frown. “Naw now! We all really can’t go to Birmingham, just yet. It might take the police a few hours or an entire day to find his car and then arrest Flamingo. However, I can’t just show in the Birmingham police lobby ten minutes later after his arrest as I’m the one that is issuing the arrest warrant from here in Lacy Springs, which is ninety miles north of Birmingham city. That’d look really suspicious to the Birmingham police force like I might have set up Flamingo for something wrong. Right?”
Cinco nods and exclaims, “Right!”
Tommy Lee nods then explains. “We all stay right here in Lacy Springs for now. Once I receive the arrest confirmation on Flamingo, A.J. and I will go and get Flamingo and bring his butt-hole back here to the hospital ward. Then, he can awaken Arie back into her beautiful, wonderful self. Does everyone understand me?”
“Yes sir!” Breck says and then nods along with Cinco and A.J. 


Birmingham Inn
   (91 miles south of Lacy Springs)
hot temperatures with bright sunlight

14th floor level
1414 hotel room
10:21 a.m.


“Police!” Flamingo shouts. He swiftly sits upright from the flat bed mattress sounding with a gasp and rubs his sweaty face, turning to see the side table with the small alarm clock: 10:21 a.m.
He wipes his face and his two arms from the sweaty water, gasping in panic, saying out loud. “I gotta leave this hotel. The Birmingham Police Department and hotel security office filed a police report on me. Now, Tommy Lee can find me from the police report. He promised to get me, if I had caused a crime. I didn’t cause a crime. I was the victim of a crime. But my name is all over that police report. Damn! The police report gave out my hotel location. Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit!”
He slides out of bed and quickly changes his clothes into a Burn U tee shirt, his pair of ratty, dirty cargo pants, sliding into his pair of nasty flip-flops, without the ratty baseball cap. He rushed from his hotel room, stops, then paces back and forth in front of the elevator door waiting for the carriage. The elevator door slides open. 
Flamingo enters the crowded carriage with the other guests and then fidgets in place while feeling a panic attack, hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Bye. Bye. Bye. from the studio album No Strings Attached and was released on January 17, 2000, by the American musical pop band named N’SYNC. The song was written by Mikael Carlsson Andreas; Kristian Carl Marcus Lundin and Jacob Ivar Bertilson Schulze. The musical song was produced by Kristain Carl Marcus Lundin and Jacob Ivar Bertilson Schulze. The musical band members included Lance Bass; Joey Fatone; A.J. McLean, J.C. Chasez, and Justin Timberlake.


Hey! Hey!
Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye
Bye. Bye
I’m doing this tonight
You’re probably gonna start a fight
I know this can’t be right
Hey, baby! Come on
I loved you endlessly
When you weren’t there for me
So now, it’s time to leave and make it alone

I know that I can’t take no more
It ain’t no lie
I want to see you out that door
Baby, bye! Bye! Bye!
Don’t want to be a fool for you
Just another player in your game for two
You may hate me, but it ain’t no lie
Baby, bye! Bye! Bye!
Bye! Bye!
Don’t really want to make it tough
I just want to tell you that I’ve had enough
It might sound crazy, but it ain’t no lie
Baby, bye! Bye! Bye!

You just hit me with the truth
Now, girl, you’re more than welcome to
So, give me one good reason
Baby! Come on!
I’ve lived for you and me
And, now, I really come to see
That life would be much better once you’re gone

I know that I can’t take no more
It ain’t no lie
I want to see you out that door
Baby, bye! Bye! Bye!

Don’t want to be a fool for you
Just another player in your game for two
You may hate me, but it ain’t no lie
Baby, bye! Bye! Bye!
Bye! Bye!
Don’t really want to make it tough
I just want to tell you that I’ve had enough
Might sound crazy, but it ain’t no lie
Baby, bye! Bye! Bye!

I’m giving up, I know for sure
I don’t want to be the reason for your love no more
Bye! Bye!
I’m checking out, I’m signing off
I don’t want to be the loser, and I’ve had enough

I don’t want to be your fool in this game for two
So, I’m leaving you behind
(Bye! Bye! Bye!)
I don’t want to make it tough
(Make it tough)
But I’ve had enough
And it ain’t no lie

Don’t want to be a fool for you
Just another player in your game for two
I don’t want to be your fool
But it ain’t no lie
Baby, bye! Bye! Bye!
Bye! Bye!
Don’t really want to make it tough
I just want to tell you that I’ve had enough
It might sound crazy, but it ain’t no lie
Bye! Bye!


At 10:26 a.m., the elevator door closes shut. The carriage swiftly lifts upwards, not downwards to the ground floor. More hotel guests enter the elevator carriage. Then the carriage slowly moves downwards and finally halts on the ground floor.
The elevator door slides open.
He steps out, swiftly struts forward hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Take Me Home, Country Roads from the studio album Poems, Prayers & Promises and released on April 12, 1971, by the American folk musical artist John Denver. The musical song was produced by Milton Okun and Susan Ruskin. The musical song was written by Bill Danoff, Taffy Nivert, and John Denver.
The words inside the musical song referenced the geographical landscape in the Blue Ridge Mountains and the Shenandoah River that resided in Jefferson County, within the U.S. State of Virginia, not the U.S. State of West Virginia.
The musical band members included John Denver (vocal; acoustic guitar); Bill Danoff (backing vocals); Taffy Nivert (backing vocals); Eric Weissberg (banjo; steel guitar); Mike Taylor (acoustic guitar); Richard Kniss (double bass guitar), and Gary Chester (drums; percussion).


Almost heaven, West Virginia
Blue Ridge Mountains, Shenandoah River
Life is old there, older than the trees
Younger than the mountains, growing like a breeze

Country roads, take me home
To the place I belong
West Virginia, mountain mama
Take me home, country roads

All my memories gather around her
Miner’s lady, stranger to blue water
Dark and dusty, painted on the sky
Misty taste of moonshine, teardrop in my eye

Country roads, take me home
To the place I belong
West Virginia, mountain mama
Take me home, country roads

I hear her voice in the morning hour; she calls me
The radio reminds me of my home far away
Driving down the road, I get a feeling
That I should’ve been home yesterday, yesterday

Country roads, take me home
To the place I belong
West Virginia, mountain mama
Take me home, country roads

Country roads, take me home
To the place I belong
West Virginia, mountain mama
Take me home, country roads

Take me home, (down) country roads
Take me home, (down) country roads


Flamingo stops and stands a few feet from the registration desk waiting his turn, fidgeting with nervousness. He finally stands in front of the clerk and calmly states, “Hello! I’m checking out, before the eleven o’clock hour, the deadline to check-out of my rented hotel room. My hotel room number is 1414. What’s my final bill total on my rented hotel room?” He pulls out cash from the pocket.
The registration clerk looks down and types on the keyboard reading out the amount on the computer screen. “Your final bill is twenty-nine dollars and zero cents, Mr. McCory.”
He frowns. “Is that all?”
She smiles. “Yes, that is the rental space inside the garage for your parked car.”
“All right!” He states and then counts out the money and takes a paper receipt with the financial transaction. “Thank you.”
She smiles. “Please, come and visit us again, sir!”
“Yeah,” Flamingo scoots sideways with a stern face and then spins around returning back to the elevator doors and then halts. He waits on the elevator carriage and whispers for his eardrums only, “No. Find a new hotel before moving all of your stuff!” He spins around and moves ahead towards the glass entrance door wearing a worried brow. “No. The weather is too hot to walk on the city street and I possess too little time. Get out of the hotel room and drive the car around the block and find a new hotel. They’re not here in Birmingham. However, they have received the police report from my mugging. And anyways, they’re ninety minutes away still in Lacy Springs. I can find a hotel in five minutes. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!” He spins around and dashes ahead entering the open elevator carriage and then hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled I Shot the Sheriff coming from the studio album Burnin’ and was released on February 12, 1973, by the South American musical Reggae band named Bob Marley and the Wailers. The song was written by Bob Marley. The musical song was produced by Chris Blackwell and the Wailers band members.


I shot the sheriff, but I did not shoot the deputy
I shot the sheriff, but I did not shoot the deputy

All around in my home town
They’re trying to track me down
They say, they want to bring me in guilty
For the killing of a deputy
For the life of a deputy, but I say

I shot the sheriff, but I swear it was in self defense
I shot the sheriff, and they say it is a capital offense

Sheriff John Brown always hated me
For what, I don’t know
Every time, that I plant a seed
He said, “Kill it, before it grows.”
He said, “Kill it, before it grows.”
I say

I shot the sheriff, but I swear it was in self defense
I shot the sheriff, but I swear it was in self defense

Freedom came my way one day
And I started out of town
All of a sudden, I see Sheriff John Brown
Aiming to shoot me down
So, I shot. I shot him down.
I say

I shot the sheriff, but I did not shoot the deputy
I shot the sheriff, but I did not shoot the deputy

Reflexes got the better of me
And what is to be must be
Every day, the bucket goes to the well
But one day, the bottom will drop out
Yes! One day, the bottom will drop out.
But I say

I shot the sheriff, but I did not shoot the deputy. O no!
I shot the sheriff, but I did not shoot the deputy. O no!
 

Flamingo rides the carriage and exits into the fourteenth floor. He enters his hotel room and quickly packs up his personal possessions, jerking the three straps over his two collar bones, exiting his paid hotel room. Flamingo takes the elevator carriage and hears a different familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Pink Houses coming from the studio album Uh-Huh and was released on October 23, 1983, by the American musical roll and rock artist, singer, and songwriter John Cougar Mellencamp.


Well, there’s a black man, with a black cat
Living in a black neighborhood
He’s got an interstate running through his front yard
You know, he thinks, he’s got it so good
And there’s a woman in the kitchen
Cleaning up the evening’s slop

And he looks at her and says, “Hey darling!”
I can remember, when you could
Stop a clock

Aw! But ain’t that America for you and me
Ain’t that America something to see. Baby!
Ain’t that America home of the free. Yeah!
Little pink houses for you and me
O yeah! For you and me

Well, there’s a young man in a tee shirt
Listening to a rocking, rolling station
He’s got a greasy hair and greasy smile
He says, “Lord, this must be my destination!”
Cause, they told me, when I was younger
Said boy, “You’re gonna be president!”
But just like everything else, those old crazy dreams
Just kinda came and went

O! But ain’t that America, for you and me
Ain’t that America, something to see. Baby!
Ain’t that America, home of the free. Yeah!
Little pink houses, for you and me
O little baby, for you and me

Well, there’s people and more people
What do they know, know, know?
Go to work in some high rise
And vacation down at the Gulf of Mexico. O yeah!
And there’s winners and there’s losers
But they ain’t no big deal
Cause, the simple man, baby
Pays the thrills, with bills, with pills that kills

Aw! But ain’t that America, for you and me
Ain’t that America, something to see. Baby!
Ain’t that America, home of the free. Yeah!
Little pink houses, for you and me. O!
O yeah!

Ain’t that America, for you and me
Ain’t that America. Hey! We’re something to see, baby
(Ain’t that America) O! The home of the free
O yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah
Little pink houses, babe, for you and me
O yeah!
O yeah!


At 10:48 a.m., the elevator carriage slowly shifts downward and then finally lands down inside the underground garage. He slowly moves ahead towards his parked car.
Flamingo enters his car and reads the clock information. He yells, “Whoo! That’s too close with six minutes to spare, leaving the scene of a non-criminal act, before getting another financial penalty or kicked out into the city street. A city slicker lives a dangerous life here in Birmingham.” He laughs out loud and carefully steers through the interior parking lot, slowly driving further down the main roadway. “Pick the first hotel! It doesn’t matter. I only need a room for the rest of week, until college starts next week.” He stops at the traffic light and scans the street. “There! There’s a hotel up that new and unfamiliar city street and away from the old hotel. They’ll never find me here.” He laughs with an evil tone of deceit. The traffic light turns into green hue.
Flamingo turns and slowly drives up the street with laughter pulling into the covered veranda at the new building, City Hotel, and parks the sports car, killing the warm engine.


City Hotel
   (two blocks east of Birmingham Hotel)
hot temperatures with bright sunlight

Lobby space setting
11:10 a.m.


Flamingo slides out the car and locks the door strutting into the lobby setting, hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Wannabe coming from the studio album Spice and was released on June 26, 1996, by the British girl band named Spice Girls. The song was composed by members of the girl band including Melanie Chisholm, Geri Halliwell, Victoria Adams Beckham, Emma Bunton, Melanie Brown along with two non-band members Matthew Rowe and Richard Stannard. Matthew Rowe and Richard Stannard produced the musical song.
The musical song is an up-tempo with 110 beats-per-minute forming a dance and pop tune, with the musical influences of both Hip-Hop and Rap sounds, featuring Melanie Brown and Geri Halliwell rapping the words. The girls created the new English word, zig-a-zig-ah.


Yo! I’ll tell you, what I want, what I really, really want
So, tell me, what you want, what you really, really want
I’ll tell you, what I want, what I really, really want
So, tell me, what you want, what you really, really want
I wanna. (Ha) I wanna. (Ha) I wanna. (Ha) I wanna. (Ha)
I wanna really, really, really wanna zig-a-zig-ah

If you want my future, forget my past
If you wanna get with me, better make it fast
Now, don’t go wasting my precious time
Get your act together; we could be just fine

I’ll tell you, what I want, what I really, really want
So, tell me, what you want, what you really, really want
I wanna. (Ha) I wanna. (Ha) I wanna. (Ha) I wanna. (Ha)
I wanna really, really, really wanna zig-a-zig-ah

If you wanna be my lover, you gotta get with my friends
(Gotta get with my friends)
Make it last forever, friendship never ends
If you wanna be my lover, you have got to give
Taking is too easy, but that’s the way it is

O! What do you think about that?
Now, you know, how I feel
Say, you can handle my love, are you for real?
(Are you for real?)
I won’t be hasty; I’ll give you a try
If you really bug me, then I’ll say goodbye

Yo! I’ll tell you, what I want, what I really, really want
So, tell me, what you want, what you really, really want
I wanna. (Ha) I wanna. (Ha) I wanna. (Ha) I wanna. (Ha)
I wanna really, really, really wanna zig-a-zig-ah

If you wanna be my lover, you gotta get with my friends
(Gotta get with my friends)
Make it last forever, friendship never ends
If you wanna be my lover, you have got to give
(You've got to give)
Taking is too easy, but that’s the way it is

So, here’s a story from A to Z
You wanna get with me, you gotta listen carefully
We got Em in the place, who likes it in your face
You got G., like M.C., who likes it on a…
Easy V. doesn’t come for free, she’s a real lady
And, as for me! Ha! You’ll see!

Slam your body down and wind it all around
Slam your body down and wind it all around

If you wanna be my lover, you gotta get with my friends
(Gotta get with my friends)
Make it last forever, friendship never ends
If you wanna be my lover, you have got to give
(You’ve got to give)
Taking is too easy, but that's the way it is

If you wanna be my lover
You gotta. You gotta. You gotta. You gotta. You gotta.
Slam. Slam. Slam. Slam (Make it last forever)

Slam your body down and wind it all around
Slam your body down and wind it all around
Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha.
Slam your body down and wind it all around
Slam your body down and zig-a-zig-ah

If you wanna be my lover


Flamingo stops and stands at the registration desk saying to registration clerk. “Hello! I would like to rent a hotel room for the rest of the week.”
The pretty young female has blonde hair and dark skin, wearing a blue tinted hotel uniform, nodding with a smile and looks down, typing on the keyboard, reading off the computer monitor. “First, the check-in time is at three pm. Second, we are pretty booked for the rest of the week. However, I do have two rooms available…”
“Fine!” He pulls out a wad of folded bills and smiles at the clerk. “I’ll take one of them.”
“Yes sir!” She types the information into the computer. “May I see your driver’s license, sir!” He hands the driver’s license to the clerk. She accepts the item then types more information into her computer. “Welcome to City Hotel, Mr. McCory. How will you be paying for your hotel room?”
“In cash!”
She looks up and smiles at Flamingo, returning his item. “Since you are paying in cash, you will pay each night. The first night fee is 528 dollars and 64 cents.”
Flamingo coughs in shock and then smiles. “Wow! I must have purchased the penthouse suite.”
“No. That one is rented already.”
He laughs, “Mercy! Can I use the underground parking for my car?” He counts out the bills and slides them to her, pocketing his driver’s license.
“Yes, the daily fee is fifty dollars. That will be added when you finally checkout on your final hotel bill, if you decide to leave our lovely hotel. “She recounts the bills and slides the money down into the open drawer, printing off a receipt and hands him a pair of plastic keys.
He nods without words leaving the lobby and then strolls back to his parked car, sliding inside and parking the car underneath the new hotel building. He collects his three pieces of luggage and exits his car.
He takes the underground elevator up to the eighth floor and steps out from the elevator carriage hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Little Runaway and was released in February 1984, by the American musical singer and songwriter Jon Bon Jovi. The song was composed by George Nick Karakoglou and Jon Bon Jovi.


On the street, where you live girls talk about their social lives
They’re made of lipstick, plastic and paint
A touch of sable in their eyes

All your life all, you asked
When is your Daddy gonna talk to you?
But we’re living in another world
Trying to get your message through

No one heard a single word you said
They should have seen it in your eyes
What was going around your head

O! She’s a little runaway
Daddy’s girl learned fast
All those things, he couldn’t say
O! She’s a little runaway

A different line, every night
Guaranteed to blow your mind
See you out on the streets
Call me for a wild time
So, you sit home alone
Cause, there’s nothing left that you can do
There’s only pictures hung in the shadows
Left there to look at you

You know, she likes the lights
At night, on the neon Broadway signs
And she don’t really mind
It’s only love, she hoped to find

O! She’s a little runaway
Daddy’s girl learned fast
All those things, he couldn’t say
O! She’s a little runaway

No one heard a single word you said
They should have seen it in your eyes
What was going on your head?

O! She’s a little runaway
Daddy’s girl learned fast
All those things, he couldn’t say
O! She’s a little runaway


Flamingo slowly moves down a lush hallway of mirrors and flower arrangements presenting a smile then whispers in soft tone. “Wow! I’ve died and gone to New York City. This hotel’s both nice and expensive. I might be moving away tomorrow morning to a cheaper dump.”
He enters his room and drops the three bags on top of the floor, in front of the sitting chair and table, strolling ahead towards the side wall of covered windows, opening the curtain drapes and stares through the glass. The window view overlooks the swimming pool and a garden of flowers. Beyond the flower garden is the ground of Birmingham University. He back steps from the window and scans the room.
The bedroom setting features rich black wooden inlays and a golden tinted bedspread with a row of matching pillow cases. The room holds a sitting chair in blue fabric, a small light colored wooden small eating table for two people with two high stools, and a flat tan-colored writing table for working or writing out a letter, if Flamingo so desires. On the side wall, a long, black-tinted counter top that holds a medium-sized, television plasma.
“Well, this room’s nice for five hundred dollars and both my person and my car are safe and sound. However, I need more cash to pay for the room for the rest of the week. And I need to order a new personal bank card too.” He moves ahead and exits the room taking a semi-crowded elevator carriage back down to the underground parking garage hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Lookin’ Out My Back Door from the studio album Cosmo’s Factory and was released on July 25, 1970, by the American rock and roll band named Creedence Clearwater Revival. The musician band played Country Rock sounds.
The musical song was written by lead singer, guitarist, and songwriter John C. Fogerty and wrote the song for this three-year-old son based on a fun circus theme.


Just got home from Illinois. Lock the front door. O boy!
Got to sit down, take a rest on the porch
Imagination sets in, pretty soon, I’m singing
Doo. Doo. Doo. Looking out my back door

There’s a giant doing cartwheels, a statue wearing high heels
Look at all the happy creatures dancing on the lawn
Dinosaur. Victrola. Listening to Buck Owens
Doo. Doo. Doo. Looking out my back door

Tambourines and elephants are playing in the band
Won’t you take a ride on the flying spoon? Doo. Doo. Doo.
Wonderous apparition provided by magician
Doo. Doo. Doo. Looking out my back door

Tambourines and elephants are playing in the band
Won’t you take a ride on the flying spoon? Doo. Doo. Doo.
Bother me, tomorrow. Today, I’ll buy no sorrows
Doo. Doo. Doo. Looking out my back door

Forward troubles, Illinois. Lock the front door. O boy!
Look at all the happy creatures dancing on the lawn
Bother me tomorrow. Today, I’ll buy no sorrows
Doo. Doo. Doo. Looking out my back door


The elevator carriage stops. The door slides open. Flamingo exits an empty carriage and shuffles ahead then halts unlocking the car with his fob. He slides down into the driver’s seat and cranks the cold engine, carefully steering through the hotel’s parking garage and then drives down the main roadway in Birmingham.
A few minutes later, he parks his car, killing the warm engine and exits the car entering the lobby bank. He strolls ahead and says. “Well, I found my bank for money and a new hotel for sleep. So, I’m doing okay, today.” He hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Feel It Still was released in the year 2004 by the American rock musical band Portugal. The Man.
The musical song was written by Asa Taccone; Brian Hollard; Eric Andrew Howk; Freddie Gorman; Georgia Dobbin; Jason Wade Sechrist; John Baldwin Gourley; John Graham Hill; Robert Bateman; William E. Garret; Zachary Scott Carothers, and Kyle O’Quin.
The musical band members included John Baldwin Gourley (lead vocals; backing vocals, rhythm guitar; lead guitar; organ, synthesizers; drum machines; bass guitar); Zach Scott Carothers (lead vocals; backing vocals; bass guitar; percussion); Kyle O’Quin (backing vocals; keyboards; synthesizers; organ, rhythm guitar); Jason Sechrist (drums); Eric Howk (backing vocals; lead guitar; rhythm guitar); Zoe Manville (lead vocals; backing vocals; percussion), and Gary Chester (drums; percussion).
The band members was formed in the city of Wasilla, within the U.S. State of Alaska. Band members John Baldwin Gourley and Zach Scott Carothers met at Wasilla High School and made musical songs, together, starting in the year 2011.


Can’t keep my hands to myself?
Think, I’ll dust them off, put them back up on the shelf
In case, my little baby girl is in need
Am I coming out of left field?

O woo! I’m a rebel just for kicks, now
I been feeling it, since 1966, now
Might be over now, but I feel it still
O woo! I’m a rebel just for kicks, now
Let me kick it like it’s 1986, now
Might be over now, but I feel it still


Got another mouth to feed
Leave her with a baby sitter, mama, call the grave digger
Gone with the fallen leaves
Am I coming out of left field?

O woo! I’m a rebel just for kicks, now
I been feeling it since 1966, now
Might’ve had your fill, but you feel it still
O woo! I’m a rebel just for kicks, now
Let me kick it like it’s 1986, now
Might be over now, but I feel it still

We could fight a war for peace
(O woo! I’m a rebel just for kicks, now)
Give in to that easy living
Goodbye to my hopes and dreams
Stop flipping for my enemies
We could wait, until the walls come down
(O woo! I’m a rebel just for kicks, now)
It’s time to give a little to the
Kids in the middle! But! O! Until it falls
Won’t bother me

Is it coming?
Is it coming?
Is it coming?
Is it coming?
Is it coming?
Is it coming back?

O woo! I’m a rebel just for kicks, yeah
Your love is an abyss for my heart to eclipse, now
Might be over now, but I feel it still

O woo! I’m a rebel just for kicks, now
I’ve been feeling it, since 1966, now
Might be over now, but I feel it still
O woo! I’m a rebel just for kicks, now
Let me kick it, like it’s 1986, now
Might be over now, but I feel it still

Might’ve had your fill, but you feel it still


Flamingo stops and stands in line waiting his turn. He moves up the bank counter, saying with a smile. “Hello! I need to withdraw one thousand dollars from my personal bank account please. And my personal bank card was stolen the other night. I need to order a new one, please.”
The bank teller gasps and then nods with a worried brow. She says, “O! I need to get the bank manager. Stay right here. We need details of that crime, sir.” She back steps and spins around, rushing into a side open archway and disappears from the teller row.
Flamingo nods with a smile, “All right!”
The same bank manager appears and stands inside an open archway and smiles again at her rich customer, “Flamingo, welcome back! What can I do for you?”
Flamingo exhales with a nod then states, “Hello, ma’am. I need another bank card…”

At 12:05 p.m., Flamingo exits the bank institution cutting off the familiar musical song inside the bank lobby.
The musical song entitled Genie in a Bottle and was released in the year 1986, by the American pop musician singer and songwriter Christina Maria Aguilera. The musical song was written by David Frank, Pamela Sheyne, and Stephen Kipner. The musician played R&B, Soul, and Pop Rock sounds.


Come on, come on
Uh, yeah
Come on, come on, uh

I feel like I’ve been locked up tight
For a century of lonely nights
Waiting for someone to release me
You’re licking your lips
And blowing kisses my way
But that don’t mean I’m gonna give it away
Baby. Baby. Baby (Baby. Baby. Baby)

O! O! O!
My body’s saying, let’s go
O! O! O!
But my heart is saying, no

If you wanna be with me
Baby, there’s a price to pay
I’m a genie in a bottle
You gotta rub me the right way
If you wanna be with me
I can make your wish come true
You gotta make a big impression (O yeah)
Gotta like what you do

I’m a genie in a bottle, baby
Gotta rub me the right way, honey
I’m a genie in a bottle, baby
Come. Come. Come on and let me out

The music’s fading and the lights down low
Just one more dance and then we’re good to go
Waiting for someone who needs me
Hormones racing at the speed of light
But that don’t mean, it’s gotta be tonight
Baby. Baby. Baby. (Baby. Baby. Baby)

O! O! O!
My body’s saying, let’s go
O! O! O!
But my heart is saying, no (But my heart is saying, no)

If you wanna be with me
Baby, there’s a price to pay
I’m a genie in a bottle (I’m a genie in a bottle)
You gotta rub me the right way
If you wanna be with me (O!)
I can make your wish come true (Your wish come true. O!)
Just come and set me free, baby
And I’ll be with you

I’m a genie in a bottle, baby
Gotta rub me the right way, honey
I’m a genie in a bottle, baby
Come. Come. Come on and let me out
I’m a genie in a bottle, baby
Gotta rub me the right way, honey
(If you wanna be with me)
I’m a genie in a bottle, baby
Come. Come. Come on and let me out

O! O! O!
My body’s saying, let’s go
O! O! O!
But my heart is saying, no

If you wanna be with me
Baby, there’s a price to pay
I’m a genie in a bottle (I’m a genie in a bottle)
You gotta rub me the right way
If you wanna be with me
I can make your wish come true
You gotta make a big impression
Gotta like what you do
If you wanna be with me
Baby, there’s a price to pay
I’m a genie in a bottle (in a bottle baby)
You gotta rub me the right way
If you wanna be with me (if you wanna be with me)
I can make your wish come true
Just come and set me free, baby
And I’ll be with you

I’m a genie in a bottle, baby
Come. Come. Come on and let me out


Flamingo hums the familiar song, after retelling his personal mugged story three times to each bank official. His new bank card will be colored in pink hue again with a row of teddy bears in pale blue and will arrive within three working days here at this bank institution for a pickup session as Flamingo does not want any of his personal mail or items returning back to his old home address in the rural town of Lacy Springs.
He enters his parked car and exits the bank parking lot, slowly driving down the familiar roadway, pulling into a fast food restaurant. He orders a sack of food with two tall, cold beverages, pays, and then leaves the food establishment, sweating inside the car cabin from the heated day.
He arrives and then parks back underneath the garage parking, killing the engine, exiting the car. He enters the underground elevator carriage hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Faith was released on October 30, 1987, by the British musical singer, songwriter, and producer named George Michaels.
The band members included George Michaels (vocals; keyboards; bass guitar, drums and percussion); Robert Ahwai (guitar); J.J. Bell (guitar); Hugh Burns (guitar); Roddy Matthews (guitar); Chris Cameron (piano; keyboards; organ; backing vocals); Betsy Cook (keyboards); Danny Schogger (keyboards); Deon Estus (bass guitar); Ian Thomas (drums); Andy Duncan (percussion); Rick Taylor (trombone); Steve Sidwell (trumpet); Malcolm Griffiths (trombone); Jamie Talbot (saxophone); Paul Spong (trumpet); John Altman (saxophone); Mark Chandler (trumpet); Steve Waterman (trumpet); Shirley Lewis (backing vocals); Chris Porter (engineer); Paul Gomersall (assistant engineer); Paul Wright (assistant engineer); Shep Pettibone (remix engineer) and Steve Peck (remix engineer).


Well, I guess it would be nice, if I could touch your body
I know not everybody has got a body like you
But I gotta think twice, before I give my heart away
And I know all the games you play, because I played them, too

O! But I need some time off from that emotion
Time to pick my heart up off the floor
O! When that love comes down without devotion
Well, it takes a strong man, baby
But I’m showing you the door

Cause, I gotta have faith
I gotta have faith
Because, I gotta have faith, faith, faith
I got to have faith, faith, faith

Baby, I know you’re asking me to stay
Say, “Please, please, please don’t go away.”
You say, I’m giving you the blues
Maybe, you mean, every word you say
Can’t help but think of yesterday
And another who tied me down to Lover Boy rules

Before, this river becomes an ocean
Before, you throw my heart back on the floor
O baby! I reconsider my foolish notion
Well, I need someone to hold me. But I’ll wait for something more

Yes, I gotta have faith
O! I gotta have faith
Because, I gotta have faith, faith, faith
I gotta have faith, faith, faith

I’ll just have to wait
Because, I’ve got to have faith
I gotta have faith
I’ve got to, got to, got to have faith

Before, this river becomes an ocean
Before, you throw my heart back on the floor (I just gotta have faith)
O! O baby! I reconsider my foolish notion
Well, I need someone to hold me. But I’ll wait for something more

Cause, I gotta have faith
O! I gotta have faith
Because, I gotta have faith, faith, faith
I gotta have faith, faith, faith


At 12: 20 p.m., the elevator carriage slowly climbs to next floor level holding all the other hotel guests. The elevator carriage stops. The elevator doors slide open on the eighth floor.
Flamingo exits the elevator carriage holding a bag of greasy fast food and a pocket of new cash, slowly maneuvering down a crowded hallway of people and workers whispering with a smile. “This is looking so familiar. A hallway of guests and workers, without names, only faces and sounds of screaming children, slamming doors, and slow-moving teens with a face down into their cell phones.” He frowns and scoots around each slow-moving teenager while exhaling with annoyance.
He reaches his door and enters the hotel room number 888 moving ahead, sitting at the arm on the chair and stares into the glass window. He spreads out the boxes of food over the hard surface. “Even the layout of the hotel room is not original. Well, I guess people travel to get away from it all. Actually, I am happy with the same old routine, eating, shitting, and sleeping in my own bed. Well, I am a new man now. Things have changed.” He consumes the food and stares through the glass window, slowly learning the large landmarks of each building and the lower city street locations, finishing the meal with a loud burp. He pounds his chest cavity helping each burp descend down into his full stomach and then burps out loud again. He cleans the table with the trash not caring to smell bits of cooked sausage links through the day.
He enters the bathroom setting and stands in front of the mirror, leaning down, grabbing the newly wrapped toothbrush. He brushes his teeth and rinses his mouth with the provided mouthwash, standing upright with a smile, “Awe! My mouth’s happy. My tummy’s happy too. And the toiletries are much fancier here than at the other hotel.” He exits the bathroom and stops, standing in front of the three cloth bags of possession, laughing with amusement. “This is all that I own now. I’m a low, low maintenance man,” he chuckles again leaning down, lifting the three bags in the air and totes them ahead placing each one down inside the sitting chair, unzipping the first bag.
He pulls out the first item and holds the ancient shirt in front of his face. “Well, you’re been a good friend, my vile-worded tee shirt. But you’re out with the out and in with the in,” he tosses the shirt into the wall corner while laughing with delight, “Good bye, old friend! Maybe another teen will adopt you for their fun purpose.” He reaches inside and pulls out a clean pair of cargo pants. “Well, this is a duplicate of my current dirty pair. I’ll use and abuse you one more time, my faithful old friend.”
He slips off his dirty pair of cargo pants and transfers each one of his personal items into an empty pocket on the clean clothes, sliding the new pair of cargo pants onto his semi-clean body, tossing the dirty cargo pants in the same wall corner with his ancient vile-worded tee shirt sounding with loud laughter.
He looks down into the cloth bag and pulls out each item tossing it one-at-a-time into the same wall corner while chuckling with amusement, returning back down to the bag. “Only my briefs are left, I need them. I don’t like going commando, girls,” he laughs and slaps the clean pair of cargo pants. “I think it’s time for a new Flamingo. And I’m half-way there.” He pats down his pockets and feels each item presenting a nod, spinning around to face the closed door, moving ahead. He exits his hotel room and maneuvers around the same set of nameless people with different faces, entering the elevator carriage and hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled I Get Around coming from the studio album Little Deuce Coupe and was released in the year 1963, by the American rock band named Beach Boys. The musical song was written by band members Brian Wilson and Mike Love.


Round, round, get around, I get around. Yeah
(Get around, round, round, I get around. O oh!) I get around
From town to town (Get around, round, round, I get around)
I’m a real cool head (Get around, round, round, I get around)
I’m making real good bread (Get around, round, round, I get around)

I’m getting bugged driving up and down the same old strip
I gotta find a new place, where the kids are hip
My buddies and me are getting real well known
Yeah! The bad guys know us, and they leave us alone

I get around (Get around, round, round, I get around)
From town to town (Get around, round, round, I get around)
I’m a real cool head (Get around, round, round, I get around)
I’m making real good bread (Get around, round, round, I get around)

I get around (Round. Get around, round, round. O!)
(Wah. Wah. O!)
(Wah. Wah. O!)
(Wah. Wah. O!)

We always take my car. Because, it’s never been beat
And we’ve never missed yet, with the girls, we meet
None of the guys go steady. Because, it wouldn’t be right
To leave their best girl home, now, on Saturday night

I get around (Get around, round, round, I get around)
From town to town (Get around, round, round, I get around)
I’m a real cool head (Get around, round, round, I get around)
I’m making real good bread (Get around, round, round, I get around)

I get around (Round. Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah)
Round, round, get around, I get around. Yeah

Get around, round, round, I get around (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Get around, round, round, I get around (Wah-wah-Oh)
Get around, round, round, I get around (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Get around, round, round, I get around (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Get around, round, round, I get around (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Get around, round, round, I get around (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Get around, round, round, I get around (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Get around, round, round, I get around (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Get around, round, round, I get around (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)


At 12:42 p.m., the carriage lands on the ground floor. The elevator door slides open to the ground floor inside the lobby area.
Flamingo slowly moves around the lobby space hearing a familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled I Feel Love was released from the studio album named I Remember Yesterday, on July 02, 1977 and performed by the American musical pop rock artist Donna Summer. The musical song was written and produced by Giorgio Moroder and Pete Bellotte.
The musical song was written in the musical key of C major as an electronic dance tune with choruses and interludes. The playing length is 08 minutes and 15 minutes.


O! It’s so good. It’s so good
It’s so good; it’s so good
It’s so good

O! I’m in love; I’m in love
I’m in love; I’m in love
I’m in love

O! I feel love; I feel love
I feel love; I feel love
I feel love

I feel love
I feel love

O! Fall and free; fall and free
Fall and free; fall and free
Fall and free

O! You and me; you and me
You and me; you and me
You and me

O! I feel love; I feel love
I feel love; I feel love
I feel love

I feel love
I feel love
I feel love
I feel love

O! I got you; I got you
I got you; I got you
I got you

O! What you do? What you do?
What you do? What you do?
What you do?

O! I feel love; I feel love
I feel love; I feel love
I feel love

I feel love
I feel love
I feel love
I feel love
I feel love


Flamingo ventures down a new hallway with rows of numerous gift shops displaying lines of nice merchandise including boxes of candy, stuffed animal toys, food items, reading novels, musical discs, and clothing. He enters each store and slowly strolls down each aisle pursuing the row of items without spending any money, hearing a familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Baby One More Time was released on her studio album with the same name Baby One More Time, on September 28, 1998, by the American pop musician artist Britney Spears. The musical song was written by Max Martin. The musical song produced by Max Martin and Rami.
The musical tune is a pop and dance song lasting 03 minutes and 30 seconds. The song was composed in the key of C minor and set in the time signature of 4/4 common time with a moderate tempo of 93 beats-per-minute.


O baby! Baby.
O baby! Baby.

O baby! Baby. How was I supposed to know?
That something wasn’t right here.
O baby! Baby. I shouldn’t have let you go
And, now, you’re out of sight. Yeah!
Show me! How you want it to be?
Tell me, baby! Because, I need to know, now. O! Because.

My loneliness is killing me (and I)
I must confess, I still believe (still believe)
When I’m not with you, I lose my mind
Give me a sign
Hit me, baby, one more time

O baby! Baby.
The reason, I breathe is you
Boy! You got me blinded
O pretty baby!
There’s nothing, that I wouldn’t do
It’s not the way I planned it
Show me? How you want it to be?
Tell me, baby! Because, I need to know, now. O! Because.

My loneliness is killing me (and I)
I must confess, I still believe (still believe)
When I’m not with you, I lose my mind
Give me a sign
Hit me, baby, one more time

O baby! Baby! (O!)
O baby! Baby! (Yeah!)

O baby! Baby! How was I supposed to know?
O pretty baby! I shouldn’t have let you go
I must confess, that my loneliness is killing me now
Don’t you know! I still believe
That you will be here
And give me a sign
Hit me, baby, one more time

My loneliness is killing me (and I)
I must confess, I still believe (still believe)
When I’m not with you, I lose my mind
Give me a sign
Hit me, baby, one more time

I must confess (my loneliness), that my loneliness (is killing me)
Is killing me now? (I must confess)
Don’t you know! I still believe (I still believe!)
That you will be here (When I’m not with you, I lose my mind)
And give me a sign
Hit me, baby, one more time


At the bank institution this morning, he withdraws another one thousand dollars from his personal bank account, slowly accumulating a small cash fortune of money inside each pocket on his cargo pants.
Today is the 16th day of May. The month of May possesses 31 days.
So, Flamingo must live inside a hotel room for another fifteen days, before his paid and rental apartment is available for occupancy on June, the first. And he’s not worried about his two brothers sharing the apartment home. His mother Arie resides inside a hospital bed in a comatose state.
First-born asshole Breck will never leave Arie or the hospital room for a plate of cold food, attending college classes or pissing in the clean toilet. Tough ass Cinco is the really cool brother among the triples and will not challenge Flamingo for food, shelter or the toilet seat.
Thus, Flamingo can live and occupy the shared apartment home until he graduates college with a bachelor’s degree in biology. During his intense medical school days, he’ll rent his own apartment house while needing both the isolation and quietness.
He exits the retail shop and moves into a new one, stopping in front of a wall of young man’s clothing, studying each item. He likes the feel and shape of his cargo pants, not enjoying a pair of long stiff blue jeans. He reaches out and touches a pair of knee-length walking short in a light tan hue, feeling the smooth cotton fabric, nodding with his new decision. He plunks two pairs from the hanger rack. He can wear one and then wash the dirty one while completing his lower body wardrobe.
Flamingo continues to stroll down the aisle and then stops admiring a row of Burn U tee shirts. He likes the short-sleeved design and the big, bold white-tinted words across his chest: BURN U. Each tee shirt features the same design but displays various fabric colors in red or black or dark blue or dark green. He selects all four fabric colors completing his upper body wardrobe.
Flamingo whispers for fun, “One to wear; one to wash; one to dirty, and one extra,” he softly laughs with humor. He continues to move around the store without finding anything else that tickles his butt-hole and then strolls ahead to the retail clerk. He pays in cash with a paper receipt for each item and then exits the store holding a girly shopping bag, for the first time.
He enters a new store. Each retail shop provides different types of nice merchandise. This store sells shoes for men, women, teenagers, children, and baby infants.
He strolls down each aisle and stops in front of a pair of sandals for a male looking down at his naked feet, wiggling his naked toes. He has worn a pair of summertime beach-type flip-flops, since the ninth grade, when his feet would become too hot and heated inside a pair of enclosed cowboy boots. So, he switched to a comfortable pair of beach flip-flops for his permanent Lacy Springs school foot ware.
Now, he’s a college student at Birmingham University. Each campus building does not stand in a tall row like a set of residential houses. He’s required to march from one building to another building while toting a backpack of heavy books and numerous notebooks, which is a different mode of transportation from his teenly high school. And during the wet season of rain and thunderstorms here in Alabama, his naked feet will get both cold and wet.
He shakes his nasty ass-backwards baseball cap and moves away from the row of sandals, stopping in front of a colorful row of athletic shoes. He looks the slender look of leather and the choice of numerous fun neon colors, lifting a pair of brightly yellow-tinted running shoes sounding with a soft chuckle. He finds his foot size and measures the bottom of his naked foot to the shoe nodding with the correct size, accepting the new foot ware. He selects three pairs of matching yellow-tinted cotton socks.
He moves ahead and cuddles all of the new merchandise scanning the other aisles with numerous foot shoes for a male, without a tickling desire within his mind or on his toes. Flamingo moves to the cash register counter with a pretty young female clerk and purchases the new foot ware exiting the store with a second girly shopping bag.
He enters a new store that exhibits umbrellas, hats, and caps, stopping at in front of a wall of caps. Flamingo has worn a baseball cap over his blonde-tinted hair roots since the age of six years old at his first baseball team. He likes the feel of the cap keeping his hair away from his eyeballs and facial features.
He slowly scoots down the wall and searches for a new cap to replace the old one, which his part of his new college image, stopping in front of a red-colored, baseball cap that holds an array of big, bold, white-tinted words on the front: BURN U. He lifts the cap with a nod and sees another cap in the color of dark green fabric with the word: BURN U.
Flamingo collects four different baseball caps in the solid colors of red, black, dark blue and dark green with the letters in white hue on the front: BURN U. Each baseball cap will match the color on each one of his new Burn U tee shirts. He’ll keep and wear each new cap and shirt until he graduates college without purchasing another shirt for two calendar years.
He spins around with softy chuckles and moves ahead towards the cash register counter with an ugly tall, male clerk purchasing the new items, exiting the store with a third girly shopping bags. “I feel like a girl.” He softly chuckles and continues down the same hallway and then stops, staring through the glass window, seeing the fitness equipment. He presents a smile starting to slowly back step then quickly spins around rushes down the busy hallway while hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled True Colors coming from the studio album with the same name True Colors, on August 28, 1986, by the American musical pop artist Cyndi Lauper. The song was composed by Billy Steinberg and Tom Kelly. The musical song was produced by Cyndi Lauper and Lennie Petze.
The band members included Cyndi Lauper (lead vocals); Peter Wood (keyboards); John McCurry (guitars); Neil Jason (bass guitar); Jimmy Bralower (drums; percussion) and Angela Clemmons Patrick (backing vocals).


You with the sad eyes
Don’t be discouraged
O! I realize
It’s hard to take courage
In a world full of people
You can lose sight of it all
And the darkness inside you
Can make you feel so small?

But I see your true colors
Shining through
I see your true colors
And that’s why I love you
So, don’t be afraid to let them show
Your true colors
True colors are beautiful
Like a rainbow
Show me a smile then
Don’t be unhappy! Can’t remember
When I last saw you laughing
If this world makes you crazy
And you’re taken all you can bear
You call me up
Because, you know, I'll be there

And I'll see your true colors
Shining through
I see your true colors
And that’s why I love you
So, don’t be afraid to let it show
Your true colors
True colors are beautiful
Like a rainbow

If this world makes you crazy
And you’ve taken all you can bear
You call me up
Because, you know I’ll be there

And I’ll see your true colors
Shining through
I see your true colors
And that's why I love you
So, don’t be afraid to let it show

Your true colors
True colors
True colors
Shining through

I see your true colors
And that’s why I love you
So, don't be afraid to let them show
Your true colors
True colors are beautiful
Like a rainbow


At 01:09 p.m., Flamingo halts among the nosily hotel guests and waits on the elevator carriage. The doors opens playing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Sister Christian coming from the studio album Midnight Madness and was released in the month of March, in the year 1984, by the American musical band Night Ranger. The musical song was produced by Paul Glasser. The musical song was written by band member Kelly Keagy. The musician played Glam Rock sound.
The band members included Kelly Keagy; Jack Blades; Brad Gills and Eric Levy.
The theme of the musical song tells the story involving song writer Kelly Keagy’s little sister Christy. Kelly wrote the song inside his apartment, in the city of San Francisco, within the U.S. State of California, after returning home from visiting his hometown of Eugene, Oregon. Kelly was stunned how fast his teenager sister was growing up. She is ten years younger than her older brother.
Band member Jack Blades asked band member Kelly, “What are the words to the song, Sister Christian or Sister Christy?” Sister Christian sounded right and was recorded.
The term, motoring, was synonymous with the action verb, cruising.


Sister Christian
O! The time has come
And you know that you're the only one
To say, okay
Where you going?
What you looking for?
You know, those boys
Don’t want to play no more with you!
It’s true

You’re motoring
What’s your price for flight?
In finding, Mr. Right
You’ll be alright tonight
Babe, you know
You’re growing up so fast
And Mama’s worrying
That you won’t last
To say, let’s play
Sister Christian
There’s so much in life
Don’t you give it up!
Before your time is due
It’s true
It’s true. Yeah!

Motoring
What’s your price for flight?
You’ve got him in your sight
And driving through the night

Motoring
What’s your price for flight?
In finding, Mr. Right
You’ll be alright tonight
Motoring
What’s your price for flight?
In finding, Mr. Right
You’ll be alright tonight

Motoring
What’s your price for flight?
In finding, Mr. Right
You’ll be alright tonight

Sister Christian
O! The time has come
And you know that you’re the only one
To say, okay
But you’re motoring
Yeah, motoring


At 01:13 p.m., the elevator carriage stops at the eighth floor, Flamingo exits the elevator and rushes inside his hotel room quickly changing his current attire, modeling his new clothes in front of the mirror. He sounds with a girly giggle. “I feel like, such a girl, prancing around in my clothes. But I look good.”
He exits the bathroom and touches the new red-tinted, ass-backwards baseball cap, removing the item, tossing it down on top of the neatly made bedcovers beside his other new merchandise items. He quickly changes out of his new clothes into his ancient attire from his former high school days, wearing his new pair of running shoes. He jogs in place on top of the carpet and tests the feel within the pair of new running shoes saying with a smile, “Feels good! The fit is fitness. My toes are comfy too.”
He jogs towards the closed door and then exits the hotel room, jogging ahead, producing a low sneer and shuffles around each slow-moving teen that eats a mobile telephone screen into their face. He whispers for his eardrums only, “I was once like that. Now, I’m now not.” He stops, jogs in place, and waits for the elevator carriage, entering the crowded carriage and hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Hungry Like the Wolf coming from the studio album Rio and was released on May 04, 1982, by the British new wave musical band named Duran, Duran. The musical song was produced by Colin Thurston. The musical song was written by the band members from Duran, Duran.
The members of the band included John Simon Le Bon, (lead vocals); Andrew Taylor (lead guitar; backing vocals); Nick Rhodes (keyboards); John Nigel Taylor (bass guitar; backing vocals); and Roger Andrew Taylor (drums, percussion).


Darken the city, night is a wire
Steam in the subway; earth is afire
Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do-do. Do-do-do. Do-do.
Woman, you want me, give me a sign
And catch my breathing even closer behind
Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do-do. Do-do-do. Do-do.

In touch with the ground
I’m on the hunt; I’m after you
Smell, like I sound; I’m lost in a crowd
And I’m hungry, like the wolf
Straddle the line in discord and rhyme
I’m on the hunt; I’m after you
Mouth is alive, with juices. like wine
And I’m hungry, like the wolf

Stalked in the forest, too close to hide
I’ll be upon you by the moonlight side
Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do-do. Do-do-do. Do-do.
High blood drumming on your skin, it’s so tight
You feel my heat; I’m just a moment behind
Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do-do. Do-do-do. Do-do.

In touch with the ground
I’m on the hunt; I’m after you
A scent and a sound, I’m lost. and I’m found
And I’m hungry, like the wolf
Strut on a line, it’s discord and rhyme
I howl and I whine; I’m after you
Mouth is alive, all running inside
And I’m hungry, like the wolf

Burning the ground, I break from the crowd
I’m on the hunt; I’m after you
I smell, like I sound; I’m lost, and I’m found
And I’m hungry, like the wolf
Strut on a line, it’s discord and rhyme
I’m on the hunt; I’m after you
Mouth is alive, with juices, like wine
And I’m hungry, like the wolf

Burning the ground, I break from the crowd
I’m on the hunt; I’m after you
Scent and a sound, I’m lost, and I’m found
And I’m hungry, like the wolf
Strut on a line, it’s discord and rhyme
I’m on the hunt; I’m after you
Mouth is alive all running inside


At 01:28 p.m., Flamingo runs in place near the rear wall. Some of the guests grumble and grunt with an individual nasty comment, but Flamingo is not fazed. The elevator carriage lands on top of the ground floor. The doors open and all other guests quickly exit the carriage. Flamingo exits last and slowly jogs on top of the hard floor tiles hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Livin’ la Vida Loca coming from the studio album Ricky Martin and was released on March 23, 1999, by the Puerto Rican musical artist Ricky Martin. The musical song was produced by Desmond Child. The musical song was written by Draco Rosa and Desmond Child.
The members of the band included Ricky Martin, (vocals); Robi Rosa (composer; acoustic guitar; backing vocal; co-producer); Desmond Child (composer; producer); Luis Gomez Escolar (composer Spanish version); Randy Cantor (keyboards); Nathan Malki (recording engineer); German Ortiz (engineer); Craig Lozowick (recording engineer); Iris Aponte (coordinator); Brian Coleman (coordinator); Tony Conceocion (fluegelhorn; trumpet); Rusty Anderson (guitar); Ted Jensen (engineer); Charles Dye (recording engineer); and Rafael Solano (percussion).
The musical song with danceable rhythm and song-able both Spanish and English chorus lyrics and is composed in the musical key of C# minor with a groove of 140 beats-per-minute. The song is a Latin pop tune, featuring Latin percussion rhythms and horn riffs mixed with rock-inspired guitar riffs.
A salsa-rock fusion.
Rock-etched up-tempo tune.


She’s into superstitions
Black cats and voodoo dolls
I feel a premonition
That girl’s gonna make me fall

She’s into new sensations
New kicks in the candlelight
She’s got a new addiction
For every day and night

She’ll make you take your clothes off and go dancing in the rain
She’ll make you live her crazy life, but she’ll take away your pain
Like a bullet to your brain
Come on!

Upside, inside out
She’s living la vida loca
She’ll push and pull you down
Living la vida loca
Her lips are devil red
And her skin’s the color mocha
She will wear you out
Living la vida loca
Come on!
Living la vida loca
Come on!
She’s living la vida loca

Woke up in New York City
In a funky cheap hotel
She took my heart, and she took my money
She must’ve slipped me a sleeping pill

She never drinks the water and
Makes you order French champagne
Once you’ve had a taste of her
You’ll never be the same
Yeah, she’ll make you go insane
Come on!

Upside, inside out
She’s living la vida loca
She’ll push and pull you down
Living la vida loca
Her lips are devil red
And her skin’s the color mocha
She will wear you out
Living la vida loca
Come on!
Living la vida loca
She’s living la vida loca

She’ll make you take your clothes off and go dancing in the rain
She’ll make you live her crazy life, but she’ll take away your pain
Like a bullet to your brain
Come on!

Upside, inside out
She’s living la vida loca
She’ll push and pull you down
Living la vida loca
Her lips are devil red
And her skin’s the color mocha
She will wear you out
Living la vida loca
Come on!

Upside, inside out
She’s living la vida loca
She’ll push and pull you down
Living la vida loca
Her lips are devil red
And her skin’s the color mocha
She will wear you out
Living la vida loca
Come on!
Living la vida loca
Come on!

She’s living la vida loca

Come on!
Gotta la vida loca!
Gotta, gotta, gotta la vida loca!
Gotta, gotta, gotta la vida loca!


Flamingo enters into an open double-door frame into the fitness center while hearing the familiar ancient musical song.
The musical song entitled Gonna Make You Sweat came from the album with the same title Gonna Make You Sweat and was performed by the American musical production group named C+C Music Factory on December 18, 1990. The musical song was written by Freedom Williams and Robert Clivilles. The musical song was produced by David Cole; Robert Clivilles; Freedom Williams, and Larry Yasga.
The musical production members included Martha Wash (featured vocalist); Deborah Cooper (lead vocals); Zelma Davis (lead vocals); Freedom Williams (lead vocals); David Cole (lead vocals; keyboards; backing vocals); Karen Bernod (backing vocals); Craig Derry (backing vocals); Yolanda Lee (backing vocals); Duran Ramos (backing vocals); Norma Jean Wright (backing vocals); Robert Clivilles (keyboards, synthesizers, percussion, drums, backing vocals); Ricky Crespo (keyboard); Alan Friedman (keyboards, synthesizer, drums, percussion); Hugh McCracken (harmonica), and Paul Pesco (guitars).
The musicians played Hip Hop and Pop sounds.


Everybody dance now
Everybody dance now

Give me the music
Give me the music
Everybody dance now
Everybody dance now

Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Everybody dance now
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Everybody

Here is the dome, back with the bass
The jam is live in effect and I don’t waste time
On the mic with a dope rhyme
Jump to the rhythm, jump, jump to the rhythm, jump
And I’m here to combine
Beats and lyrics to make your shake your pants
Take a chance, come on and dance
Guys grab a girl, don’t wait, make her twirl
It’s your world and I’m just a squirrel
Trying to get a nut to move your butt
To the dance floor, so, Yo, what’s up?
Hands in the air, come on say, “Yeah!”
Everybody over here, everybody over there
The crowd is live, and I pursue this groove
Party people in the house

Move (let your mind)
Groove (put me on line)

Come on let’s sweat, baby
Let the music take control
Let the rhythm move you
Sweat, sweat
Let the music take control
Let the rhythm move you

Everybody dance now

Everybody dance now
Everybody dance now

Pause, take a breath and go for yours
On my command now hit the dance floor
It’s gonna make you sweat until you bleed
Is that dope enough? Indeed!
I paid the price, to control the dice
I’m more precise, to the point. I’m nice
The music takes control, your heart and soul
Unfold, your body is free and a whole
Dance, until you can’t, dance until you can’t dance no more
Get on the floor and get raw
Then come back and upside down
Easy now, let me see you

Move (let your mind)
Groove (put me on line)
The music is my life

Everybody dance now
Everybody dance now
Everybody dance now
Everybody

Come on let’s sweat, baby
Let the music take control
Let the rhythm move you
Sweat, sweat
Let the music take control
Let the rhythm move you


At 01:49 a.m., Flamingo dances wiggling his hips while padding ahead to the first weight machine and starts to work his teenly body around all the fitness exercise equipment pieces. The next musical song plays inside the hotel’s fitness center.
The musical song entitled Pump Up the Jam and was released in the year 1989, by the American musical band named Technotronic. The band members consisted of Manuela “Ya Kid K” Kamosi and Eric “MC” Martin. The song was written by rapper singer Manuela Kamois and founder and musical producer Thomas De Quincey.


Pump up the jam, pump it up
While your feet are stomping
And the jam is pumping
Look ahead, the crowd is jumping
Pump it up a little more
Get the party going on the dance floor
See! Cause, that's where the party’s at
And you’ll find out, if you do that

I don’t want a place to stay
Get your booty on the floor tonight
Make my day
I don’t want a place to stay
Get your booty on the floor tonight
Make my day

Make my day
Make my day
Make my day
Make my day

Pump up the jam, pump it up
While your feet are stomping
And the jam is pumping
Look ahead, the crowd are jumping
Pump it up a little more
Get the party going on the dance floor
See? Cause, that’s where the party’s at
And you’ll find out, if you do that

I don’t want a place to stay
Get your booty on the floor tonight
Make my day
I don’t want a place to stay
Get your booty on the floor tonight
Make my day

Make my day
Make my, make my, make
Make my day
Make my day
Make my day
Make my, make my, make
Make my day

Yo! Pump up the jam, pump it up
A-pump it up. Yo! Pump it
Pump up the jam, pump it up
A-pump it up. Yo! Pump it
Pump up the jam, pump it up
A-pump it up. Yo! Pump it
Pump up the jam, pump it
Pump it, pump it, pump it. Yeah

Pump up the jam
A-pump up the jam
Pump up the jam, pump it up
A-pump it up. Yo! Pump it
Pump up the jam
Pump up the jam
Pump up the jam, pump it
Pump it, pump it, pump it, pump

Pump up the jam, pump it up
While your feet are stomping
And the jam is pumping
Look ahead, the crowd is jumping
Pump it up a little more
Get the party going on the dance floor
See? Cause, that’s where the party’s at
And you’ll find out, if you do that

I don’t want a place to stay
Get your booty on the floor tonight
Make my day
I don’t want a place to stay
Get your booty on the floor tonight
Make my day

Pump up the jam, pump it up
A-pump it up. Yo! Pump it
Pump up the jam
Pump up the jam
Pump up the jam, pump it
Pump it, pump it, pump it, pump
Pump up the jam, pump it up
A-pump it up. Yo! Pump it
Pump up the jam, pump it up
A-pump it up. Yo! Pump it
Pump up the jam, pump it
Pump it, pump it, pump it, yeah
Pump up the jam, pump it up
A-pump it up. Yo! Pump it
Pump up the jam, pump it up
A-pump it up. Yo! Pump it
Pump up the jam, pump it up
A-pump it up. Yo! Pump it
Pump up the jam, pump it
Pump it, pump it, pump it
Pump it up, pump it up

Make my day
Make my day
Make my, make my, make
Make my day
Make my day
Make my day
Make my, make my, make
Make my day. Yo!

I don’t want a place to stay
Get your booty on the floor tonight
Make my day
I don’t want a place to stay
Get your booty on the floor tonight
Make my day

I don’t want a place to stay
Get your booty on the floor tonight
Make my day
I don’t want a place to stay
Get your booty on the floor tonight
Make my day


Flamingo really tests his endurance and the toughness of his new pair of running shoes jogging around the in-door running track with a steady pace. He’s not competing with a guest or breaking the hotel’s running record. Flamingo is releasing out all his penned up fury, hate, angry, and disgust that he holds for each one of his blood relatives in volumes of both wet sweat and hard muscles.
He slowly paces down into a slower jog and then walks out his tired muscles without limping into a set of leg cramps, moving ahead towards the Men’s Dressing Room. He enters the room and sees an array of naked males deciding to privately shower inside his privately paid hotel room. He grabs a clean dry towel and wraps it around his sweaty head and face, wiping of the sweat and then quickly exits the Fitness Center.
Flamingo shuffles into a busy hallway among the moving hotel guests, wearing that nasty bath towel around his two collar bones, flapping against his back spine on his smelly biological body and his stinky clothes while hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Muskrat Love coming from the studio album Song of Joy and was released in the month of May, in the year 1976, by the American musical duo Captain & Tennille. The members of the band were legally married as a couple and were named Daryl Dragon and Toni Tennille.
The musical song was written by Willis Alan Ramsey. The musical song was produced by Randy Cordell and Willis Alan Ramsey. The musical duo played Soft Rock sounds.


Muskrat, Muskrat, candle light
Doing the town and doing it right in the evening
It’s pretty pleasing

Muskrat Suzie, Muskrat Sam
Do the jitterbug out in Muskrat Land
And they shimmy. Sam is so skinny

And they whirl, and they twirl, and they tango
Singing and jingling-a-jingo
Floating like the heavens above
Looks like Muskrat Love

Nibbling on bacon, chewing on cheese
Sam says to Suzie, “Honey, would you please be my Mrs.?”
Suzie says, yes, with her kisses
Now, he’s tickling her fancy, rubbing her toes
Muzzle to muzzle, now, anything goes as they wriggle
Sue starts to giggle


Flamingo moves down the hallway and then hears his growling stomach, turning in one fluid motion into the open archway on the hotel restaurant hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Afternoon Delight from the studio album named Starlight Vocal Band and was released in the month of April, in the year 1976, by the American musical band Starlight Vocal Band. The musical song was produced by Milt Okun.
The song was written by lead vocalist of the band, Bill Danoff. At Happy Hour, between 03:00 p.m. and 05:00 p.m., before the rush of the dinner crowd, at Clyde’s Restaurant, in the town of Georgetown, within Washington, D.C., Bill Danoff was eating the dinner meal with his band member named Margot Chapman, while his legally married wife Taffy Danoff was undergoing surgery for cancer.


Gonna find my baby, gonna hold her tight
Gonna grab some afternoon delight
My motto’s always been, “When it’s right, it’s right!”
Why wait until the middle of a cold dark night?
When everything’s a little clearer in the light of day
And we know the night is always gonna be there, anyway
Thinking of you working up my appetite
Looking forward to a little afternoon delight
Rubbing sticks and stones together makes the sparks ignite
And the thought of loving you is getting so exciting
Sky rockets in flight
Afternoon delight
Afternoon delight
Afternoon delight

Started out this morning feeling so polite
I always thought a fish could not be caught, who wouldn’t bite
But you’ve got some bait awaiting and I think I might try nibbling
A little afternoon delight

Sky rockets in flight
Afternoon delight
Afternoon delight
Afternoon delight

Please, be waiting for me, baby, when I come around
We could make a lot of loving before the sun goes down

Thinking of you working up my appetite
Looking forward to a little afternoon delight
Rubbing sticks and stones together makes the sparks ignite
And the thought of loving you is getting so exciting

Sky rockets in flight
Afternoon delight
Afternoon delight
Afternoon delight
Afternoon delight!


Flamingo stops last within a long line along with the other hotel guests waiting to place his food order. Each hotel guest sniffs the air waves and then spins around to see a sweaty Flamingo, dropping their body away from the ordering line. The line of guests slowly disappears from eye view. Flamingo moves up the counter and wears a smile ordering a sack of food and two cold beverages. He receives his food items and then pays at the cash register counter, spinning around, exiting the hotel restaurant. He slowly pads down a crowded hallway and hears the familiar musical song. Then Flamingo starts to sway and strut on top of the floor tiles towards the elevator chamber.
The musical song entitled Stayin’ Alive was released on May 18, 1972, from the Hollywood movie film album Saturday Night Fever with the same Hollywood movie film title.
The English-born disco musical band named Bee Gees. They band both wrote and recorded the theme movie song playing at a musical tempo of 103 beats-per-minute.
The members of the band included Barry Alan Gibb (guitar; vocals); Robin Hugh Gibb (vocals; backing vocals, guitar) and Maurine Ernest Gibb (backing vocals, piano, electric piano, mellotron, mandolin, organ, bass guitar). The musicians played Pop, Soft Rock, Soul, Disco, and Rock and Roll sounds.
The three biological brothers formed their three-person musical band, in the year 1958, and was recognized for their three-part harmony, featuring Robin’s clear lead vocal vibrato.
From the year 1958, the three brothers wrote their own musical songs for their band plus other independent musical artists and produced all their musical songs for themselves and other musical artists. The Bee Gees was nicknamed as The Disco Kings.
The three brothers were birthed on the Isle of Man and lived in the town of Manchester, within the country of England in the year 1944. In the year 1955, the three boys were participating in a local musical theater and planned to lip-sync to the popular musical record. When the musical record became broken, during their foot travels, the three brothers decided to perform the live harmonies and then received a positive response and formed their first band in the year 1955.
In the year 1959, in the month of August, the Gibb clan moved away England and settled in Queensland, within the country of Australia. The three boys started to performance musical songs for pocket money. During the years between 1959 and 1967, the three brothers formed and retired band members, writing and preforming their own musical songs, until the band fell into a terrible rut in the year 1973. In the year 1974, the bandmember were playing in small musical clubs in country of Canada.
In the year 1975, by fellow Englishman and musical artist Eric Clapton’s invitation, the three brothers moved and settled in Miami, Florida and started recording new musical songs and then developed the new dance disco musical tunes, featuring Barry’s falsetto.
A falsetto is a voice production method specifically used by a tenor male singer to sing notes higher than their normal range. Popular musical male artists included Michael Jackson and Prince.
Barry Gibb’s falsetto voice became the signature sound for the Bee Gees starting in the year 1977.


Well, you can tell by the way I use my walk
I’m a woman’s man, no time to talk
Music loud and women warm, I’ve been kicked around
Since, I was born
And, now, it’s alright; it’s okay
And you may look the other way
We can try to understand
The New York Times’ effect on man

Whether you’re a brother or whether you’re a mother
You’re staying alive, staying alive
Feel the city breaking and everybody shaking
And we’re staying alive, staying alive
Aha. Aha. Aha. Aha. Staying alive; staying alive
Aha. Aha. Aha. Aha. Staying alive

Well, now, I get low and I get high
And if I can’t get either, I really try
Got the wings of heaven on my shoes
I’m a dancing man and I just can’t lose
You know, it’s alright; it’s okay
I’ll live to see another day
We can try to understand
The New York Times’ effect on man

Whether you’re a brother or whether you’re a mother
You’re staying alive; staying alive
Feel the city breaking and everybody shaking
And we’re staying alive; staying alive
Aha. Aha. Aha. Aha. Staying alive; staying alive
Aha. Aha. Aha. Aha. Staying alive (O!)

Life’s going nowhere; somebody help me
Somebody help me, yeah
Life’s going nowhere; somebody help me, yeah
I’m staying alive

Well, you can tell by the way I use my walk
I’m a woman’s man, no time to talk
Music loud and women warm
I’ve been kicked around, since I was born
And, now, it’s all right, it’s okay
And you may look the other way
We can try to understand
The New York Times’ effect on man

Whether you’re a brother or whether you’re a mother
You’re staying alive; staying alive
Feel the city breaking and everybody shaking
And we’re staying alive, staying alive
Aha. Aha. Aha. Aha. Staying alive; staying alive
Aha. Aha. Aha. Aha. Staying alive

Life going nowhere, somebody help me
Somebody help me, yeah
Life going nowhere, somebody help me, yeah
I’m staying alive

Life going nowhere, somebody help me
Somebody help me. Yeah. (Aha. Aha. Aha)
Life going nowhere, somebody help me, yeah
I’m staying alive

Life going nowhere, somebody help me
Somebody help me. Yeah. (Ah. Ah. Ah. Ay.)
Life going nowhere, somebody help me, yeah
I’m staying alive

Life going nowhere, somebody help me
Somebody help me. Yeah. (Oh!)

Life going nowhere, somebody help me, yeah
I’m staying alive


Flamingo halts slightly dancing to the popular disco song while lip singing the musical words, standing in the hotel’s lobby waiting on the elevator. The doors slide open. He enters the elevator carriage along with the other hotel guests while hearing the familiar song.
The musical song entitled Brandy (You’re a Fine Girl) was released on May 18, 1972, by the American pop rock musical band Looking Glass. The musical song was produced by Mike Gershmann, Bob Liftin, and the members of the Looking Glass band. The musical song was written by the lead guitarist and vocalist Elliot Lurie.
The members of the band included Elliot Lurie (lead guitar; vocals); Larry Gonsky (vocals; keyboards); Peter Sweval (bass guitar; vocals; cowbell); Jeff Grob (drums) and Larry Fallon (horns).


There’s a port on a western bay
And it serves a hundred ships a day
Lonely sailors pass the time away
And talk about their homes

And there’s a girl in this harbor town
And she works, laying whiskey down
They say, “Brandy, fetch another round!”
She serves them whiskey and wine

The sailors say, “Brandy, you’re a fine girl!” (You’re a fine girl)
“What a good wife, you would be!” (Such a fine girl)
“Yeah, your eyes could steal a sailor from the sea.”

Brandy wears a braided chain
Made of finest silver from the north of Spain
A locket that bears the name
Of the man that Brandy loved

He came on a summer’s day
Bringing gifts from far away
But he made it clear, he couldn’t stay
No harbor was his home

The sailors say, “Brandy, you’re a fine girl!” (You’re a fine girl)
“What a good wife, you would be!” (Such a fine girl)
“But my life, my lover, my lady is the sea.”

Yeah! Brandy used to watch his eyes
When he told, his sailor stories
She could feel the ocean fall and rise
She saw its raging glory
But he had always told the truth. Lord, he was an honest man
And Brandy does her best to understand

At night, when the bars close down
Brandy walks through a silent town
And loves a man, who’s not around
She still can hear him say

She hears him say, “Brandy, you’re a fine girl!” (You’re a fine girl)
“What a good wife, you would be! (Such a fine girl)
“But my life, my lover, my lady is the sea.”

It is! Yes, it is.

He said, a said, “Brandy, you’re a fine girl!” (You’re a fine girl)
“What a good wife, you would be” (Such a fine girl)
“But my life, my lover, my lady is the sea.”


At 02:12 p.m., he arrives back on the eighth floor and exits the carriage moving ahead towards his room, scooting around a slow-moving teen with the mobile telephone in her face. He smiles with a whisper. “I think, I’ve passed your ass numerous times before, Brandy girl. Teens, they don’t have a life.”
He enters his hotel room and sits down on the arm of the sitting chair, quickly consuming the food, burping out a string of loud disgusting noises. “Cinco would be proud!” He exhales with a sad thought. “I miss Cinco. He’s my favorite brother.” Flamingo stands from the chair, rips off the dirty clothes and tosses each smelly item down into the wall corner, entering the bathroom.
He cleans and dries his perfumed body presenting a smile. “This is the place to get away from it all.”
He exits the bathroom with laughter and then stops, standing in front of his three personal cloth bags with contents from his home, lifting all three bags in the air and places on top of the table surface. He folds each new piece of clothing and places down into the first bag. He opens the second bag and peers down at a stack of thick textbooks in colorful covers. He reaches inside and places each textbook on top of the table surface. “I have already purchased all my college textbooks for the next two years completing my biology degree. No wonder my bag was heavy. I read through the syllabus for my third year or junior year at Burn U. I’ll complete the following courses consisting of cell and developmental biology, microbiology, biochemistry, organic chemistry, anatomy and physiology science, and physics with calculus academic courses by the end of my junior year. I’m so excited. I don’t know which college textbook to read first. Should is start with the alphabetic letter of A for anatomy or the last alphabetic letter of P for physics? I’ll close my eyelids and let my fingers do the walking.”
He closes his two eyelids and rotates his wrist bone in the air, extending his index finger, touching the cover on one of the college textbooks and then opens his eyelids. “A is for anatomy of the human body. O!” He sings in harmony and dances side to side with a laugh. “The toe bone is connected to the foot bone. The foot bone is connected to the ankle bone. The ankle bone is connected to the leg bone. The leg bone is connected to the knee bone. The knee bone is connected to the thigh bone. The thigh bone is connected to the hip bone. The hip bone is connected to the back bone. The back bone is connected to the shoulder bone. The shoulder bone is connected to the neck bone. And the neck bone is connected to my skull bone, where my smart brain lives. Yeah, man! Did you hear my song, College Professor, sir? I know my bones already,” he laughs and whips out his mobile telephone, typing on the keyboard, reading the information. “The song entitled Dem Bones is a spiritual song composed by songwriter James Weldon Johnson, who was born in the year 1871. Wow! That was a long time ago.”
He tosses both of his arms with the phone and then twirls around with a loud cheer, landing on top of the sitting chair, hitting the three bags. “Ouch! Something bit my hand!” He stands upright and leans down, peeking into the open second bag again. He smiles, “Awe! I got a nice present from someone.” He pulls out the wrapped square-shaped gift in dark blue paper. “Hmm! Did I purchase, for my person, a high school graduation present? I didn’t recall doing that.” He back steps and sits on top of the bed mattress, ripping of the blue paper. “This…this is an ancient vintage style tan-colored leather doctor bag, fourteen inches long and nine inches in height. And…and the closing flap with the lock has a set of words.” He gasps. “The flap is monogrammed in black hue with my name: Flamingo. This is perfect for my first doctoring class at Burn U School of Medicine,” he laughs.
He lifts the monogrammed flip and opens the lip revealing a set of medical instruments. He gasps in shock. “Look at that! There’s a set of real doctoring instruments inside the interior walls of my new doctor bag too. There’s an electric blood pressure monitor.” He places the bag on top of the bedcovers, lifts the item, and places the cuff monitor around his bicep. He presses the button. The flat cuff slowly swells and measures his heart rate, performing a tiny beep, exposing the medical numbers. “My blood pressure reads 120 over 80. I’m a healthy boy,” he laughs with amusement.
He removes the cuff monitor and places the item next to his leg on top of the bed covers, reaching down, pulling out each item. “Wow! There’s a blue-tinted rubber and metal stethoscope.” He lifts his shirt and places the round disc on his naked chest, “Uoo! The metal’s cold. I should’ve warmed it with my sour breath,” he laughs and then holds his breath, hearing his pumping heart. “My heart pumps loud and clear. He’s alive! He’s alive! He’s alive,” he laughs and continues to wear the stethoscope around his naked neck, pulling out the next item.
“A pack of tongue depressors which is made of disposal hard paper,” he opens his mouth and presses the tongue depressor on top of his tongue, jerking it out. “No nasty green tinted germs!” He tosses the wet item ahead towards the side wall, landing inside the trashcan. “Two points!” He laughs and pulls out the next items, placing each one on top of the bed covers. “A pair of small scissors, a box of alcohol swabs, and a dispenser of microspore tape without the spores. I have a mouth thermometer with a pack of disposal sleeves and a pack of urine testing sticks,” he laughs. “And there’s a set of pathology specimen bottles for each urine stick to hold and carry.”
He laughs, “Uoo! There’s a patellar hammer to tap, not slam the kneecap for a knee kick reaction,” he bents his elbow and gently slams the hammer into the cartridge. His arm flings forward. He laughs again, “This thing is grand.” He places the hammer next to the growing line of medical instruments and pulls out the next items. “A yellow-tinted pocket mask for each sick person not to breathe on me. A pack of yellow examination gloves that match my new running shoes.” he looks down into the empty interior. “Well, that’s it! That’s all my wonderful doctoring presents. Who give me the doctor bag?” He carefully stores each item back down into the interior pouch and then locks the bag, placing the bag on top of his college textbook.
He stands upright from the bed mattress and moves ahead, stopping in front of the open bag, diving both of his hands down into the darkness. He cannot find a card. He lifts and then turns the bag upside down. A small white card drops down and lands on top of the tan-colored carpet. He squats down and snatches the card, reading the name, gasping in shock.
He slowly stands upright from the carpet and then back steps, sitting on the bed cover, staring at the small card: To: my smart and precious Middle Child. I love you, Flamingo. My hugs and kisses, forever and always, Mama!
He exhales with a set of mixed feeling of both fury and hate, closing his two eyelids. “She entered my room and found all of my college textbooks. I had purchased all my college books on the same day that we had viewed and rented our new apartment home. I ran back to the college bookstore and brought the books. She didn’t know. But she entered my room and found the books leaving my high school graduation gift inside the small bag. I didn’t know if I was going to get a high school graduation present. I mean, she provided everything that I needed or wanted, except for a steady girlfriend. And I don’t want one of those right now. I’m going to concentrate on all of my college and medical school classes getting my college and medical degrees.”
He exhales with annoyance. “Arie!” He tosses the card down on the carpet and then stands stomping the card with a pair of naked feet, sounding with a set of loud sneers and then halts, exhaling with a set of calmer emotions. “Awe! I feel, so much more happiest, right here and right now,” he leans over and snatches up the heavy, thick anatomy college textbook, scooting over the neat bedcovers, climbing between the bed linens and exhales with annoyance. He closes the two eyelids and deeply breathes calming his rapid pulse, opening the two eyelids and grins. He wiggles into a warm spot, looks down, and opens the book silently reading the first chapter that pertains to cells and tissues on the human body.
Sunday May 17th


City Hotel
   (92 miles south of Lacy Springs)
hot temperatures with light shower of rain and parted clouds

8th floor
888 hotel room
10:31 a.m.


The bright sunshine ray slowly moves across the carpet and then slams into the two closed eyelids on Flamingo. He stirs side to side with a low moan and lifts his hand covering both of his sensitive pupils, yawning from the nice sleep.
He had read throughout the night, until two in the morning, learning about the human body, falling asleep with the book in one hand, inside the comfortable bed. He turns to see the side table, viewing the alarm clock: 10:31 a.m.
He is not alarmed again and plans to stay at this hotel for another night.
Flamingo sits upright from the flat bed mattress and rubs his dirty face, inhaling with cool air, dropping both of his hands down into his lap. He slides off the bed and enters the bathroom, cleaning his face and teeth, brushing his hair and exits the bathroom in the nude.
He stops and stands in front of the bag, rummaging through the new clothes, selecting the dark green Burn U shirt and a matching baseball cap, pairing them with the new set of light tan walking shorts, wearing his new pair of yellow tinted running shoes. His feet feel good inside the soft leather. He gathers all his smaller possessions and stores each item down into a pocket, “Hmm! My new trousers are pretty but short on pockets. I need to purchase another wallet, in case, I run into another dumb shit pair of hoodlums,” he laughs and spins around moving ahead, exiting his hotel room.
He moves down the same corridor and scoots around the same annoying teen girl. He presents a sour frown and a pair of closed lips, without a nasty remark, stopping in front of the elevator door.
The hotel guests are active this morning
The elevator door slides open. The carriage is filled with other guests. Flamingo squeezes inside with the other guests among a set of loud grunts and moans hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song Shout was released from their studio album named Songs from the Big Chair, on November 19, 1984 and performed by the English pop and rock musical band Tears for Fears. The musical song was composed by Ian Stanley and Roland Orzabal and played for the length of 06 minutes and 31 seconds. The musical song was produced by Chris Hughes. The musical band members played New Wave and Synthesize Pop sounds.


Shout, shout, let it all out
These are the things I can do without
Come on! I’m talking to you, come on

Shout, shout, let it all out
These are the things I can do without
Come on! I’m talking to you. Come on!

In violent times
You shouldn’t have to sell your soul
In black and white
They really, really ought to know

Those one-track minds
They took you for a working boy
Kiss them goodbye
You shouldn’t have to jump for joy
You shouldn’t have to jump for joy (Shout! Shout!)

Let it all out
These are the things I can do without
Come on! I’m talking to you. Come on!

They gave you. life
And in return, you gave them, hell
As cold as ice
I hope we live to tell the tale

I hope we live to tell the tale (Shout! Shout!)

Let it all out
These are the things I can do without
Come on! I’m talking to you. Come on!

Shout, shout, let it all out
These are the things I can do without
Come on! I’m talking to you. Come on!

Shout, shout, let it all out
These are the things I can do without
Come on! I’m talking to you. Come on!

And when you’ve taken down your guard
If I could change your mind
I’d really love to break your heart
I’d really love to break your heart (Shout! Shout!)

Let it all out
These are the things I can do without
(Really love to break your heart) Come on! I’m talking to you. Come on!

Shout, shout, let it all out
These are the things I can do without
Come on! I’m talking to you, so come on!


At 10:34 a.m., the elevator door slams shut. The carriage stops at the ground level. Each guest exits and scatters around the lobby.
Flamingo steps out from the elevator carriage while hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Kiss and released in the year 1986, coming from the studio album named Under the Cherry Moon, by the American musical singer and songwriter Prince. The song was written by Prince Rogers Nelson. The musical song was produced by Gus Dudgeon. The musician played Art Pop; Funk; Synthesize Pop, and R&B sounds.


Uh!

You don't have to be beautiful
To turn me on
I just need your body, baby
From dusk until dawn
You don’t need experience
To turn me out
You just leave it all up to me
I’m gonna show you, what it’s all about

You don’t have to be rich
To be my girl
You don’t have to be cool
To rule my world
Ain’t no particular sign
I’m more compatible with
I just want your extra time and your

Kiss
Ah! Oh! Oh!

You got to not talk dirty, baby
If you wanna impress me (Ah!)
You can’t be too flirty, mama
I know how to undress me, yeah
I want to be your fantasy
Maybe, you could be mine
You just leave it all up to me
We could have a good time. Uh!

Don’t have to be rich
To be my girl
You don’t have to be cool
To rule my world
Ain’t no particular sign
I’m more compatible with
I just want your extra time and your

Kiss
Yes! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!

Ah!
I think, I wanna dance
Uh!
Oh!
Gotta, gotta, oh
Little girl, Wendy’s parade
Gotta, gotta, gotta

Women, not girls, rule my world
I said they rule my world
Act your age, mama (not your shoe size)
Not your shoe size
Maybe, we could do the twirl
You don’t have to watch Dynasty
To have an attitude, uh
You just leave it all up to me
My love will be your food
Yeah

You don’t have to be rich
To be my girl
You don’t have to be cool
To rule my world
Ain’t no particular sign
I’m more compatible with
I just want your extra time and your


Flamingo stops at the registration desk, waiting his turn, moving ahead, presenting a smile to the registration clerk. “Hello! I’m staying for another night. I would like to pay for my room with cash. My room name is 888. My name is Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth.”
A tall, slender registration male clerk nods with a smile and then looks down typing on the keyboard, reading out the amount on the computer screen. “Your hotel bill is 528 dollars and sixty-four cents plus the car parking of fifty dollars equals 578.65 dollars and cents, sir.”
“All right!” He counts out the cash and hands to the clerk.
The clerk recounts and stores the cash for payment of the hotel room inside the draw and then hands Flamingo a paid receipt.
Flamingo scoots sideways and spins around, moving back towards the elevator carriage, entering the crowded carriage and lands down inside the underground garage.
He enters his parked car then starts his personal musical player hearing the ancient rock and roll song.
The musical song Don’t Fear the Reaper was released from the studio album named Agents of Fortune, in the month of July, in the year 1976 and performed by the American musical rock band named Blue Oyster Cult. The musical song was sung and written by lead guitarist Donald “Buck Dharma” Roeser; the musical song was produced by David Lucas; Murray Krugman, and Sandy Pearlman.
The unique guitar riff was built on a chord progression in A minor scale and run through an amplifier. The vocals for the singer was captured with a tube microphone. The song features a cowbell percussion musical instrument performed by drummer Albert Bouchard, the brother of bass guitar Joe Bouchard. The musical song delivered gentle voices and virtuoso guitar strings with a haunting emotion of death and destruction. The sad ballad tells of a man who wants to die with his true love, before their two lives are spoiled by earthly treasures.
The musical band members included Eric Bloom (backing vocals, guitars); Donald “Buck Dharam” Roeser (lead vocals, guitar); Allen Lanier (keyboards, guitars); Joe Bouchard (bass guitar), and Albert Bouchard (drums, percussion, cowbell). The band members hailed from city of Long Island, within the U.S. State of New York. The musical band played Pop Rock, Soft Rock, Psychedelic Rock, and New Wave sounds.


All our times have come
Here! But now, they’re gone
Seasons don’t fear the reaper
Nor do the wind, the sun or the rain
We can be like they are

Come on, baby. (Don’t fear the reaper!)
Baby! Take my hand. (Don’t fear the reaper!)
We’ll be able to fly. (Don’t fear the reaper!)
Baby! I’m your man

La, la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, la

Valentine is done
Here! But now, they’re gone
Romeo and Juliet
Are together in eternity? (Romeo and Juliet)
40,000 men and women everyday (like Romeo and Juliet)
40,000 men and women every day (Redefine happiness!)
Another 40,000 coming every day. (We can be like they are)

Come on, baby. (Don’t fear the reaper!)
Baby! Take my hand. (Don’t fear the reaper!)
We’ll be able to fly. (Don’t fear the reaper!)
Baby! I’m your man

La, la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, la

Love of two is one
Here! But now, they’re gone
Came the last night of sadness
And it was clear, she couldn’t go on

Then the door was open, and the wind appeared
The candles blew and then disappeared
The curtains flew and then he appeared
Saying, don’t be afraid!

Come on, baby (and she had no fear)
And she ran to him (then they started to fly)
They looked backward and said, goodbye. (She had become, like they are.)
She had taken his hand. (She had become, like they are.)
Come on, baby. (Don’t fear the reaper!)


Flamingo slowly drives around an empty city street looking for a food fast restaurant. He says with a calm timber, “Well, I can’t go the bank. I didn’t have a bank card. But possess one hundred dollars for another night at this hotel. I really need to find a new cheap-ass hotel. This one is draining my cash flow,” he laughs. “I sound like my…” he frowns. “Whatever!” He drives down the unfamiliar road with caution. “Where are the cars or trunks or vans? O! Today is Sunday morning. I’m missing the church service. I always sing in the teen chorus with…” he frowns then states with a sour frown. “Whatever!”
He slows down his speed and then pulls his car into the open drive-through window ordering and then pays for a sack of breakfast food items and two cold beverages, rolling the car into the main roadway, passing the green tinted campus grounds at Burn U. He slows the pace and stares at his home for five years.

At 11:16 a.m., in the hot temperatures with parted clouds of heated sunlight, a set of loud sirens pierce the late morning hours and as the row of rotating bulbs on top of a Birmingham police department patrol car flashes in colors of twinkling blue and white. The patrol car speeds up fast and then it quickly slows down pulling behind the rear bumper on Flamingo’s sports car.
Flamingo sees the police car inside the rear view mirror and gasps with puzzlement slowing his speed, pulling into one of the empty vehicle parking spots at the Burn U campus and then halts the car. He rolls down the window and sticks his face through the air waves, staring at the parked Birmingham patrol car.
The patrol car door swings open and emits an average height, pale-skinned, black-haired police officer in a tan-colored uniform, moving ahead and tosses both palms in the air, “Get out of your vehicle, now!”
The second police officer swiftly slides out the front passenger seat and rushes ahead wearing a stern face, grabbing his hand gun and points at the rear bumper on the sports car. He views the current car tag which contains a proper decal and then stops. He stands upright and shuffles ahead stopping at the front passenger seat on the sports car.
Inside the driver’s seat, Flamingo turns and see the second police officer sounding with a gasp of panic, killing the engine. He opens the car door sliding out from the seat. He holds both of his arms in the air, “What! What did I do wrong, officer? I was barely driving down the roadway.”
The first police officer orders, “Please move away from the car, sir!”
Flamingo scoots sideway away from the open door on his car and continues to hold both of his arms in the air, saying with a puzzled brow to the first officer. “What did I do wrong? I was not speeding, sir.”
The first police officer frowns then states. “Sir, you are under arrest.”
He gasps then asks. “What! What for? What did I do?”
The second police officer hostlers his hand pistol and moves ahead inspecting the sports car, testing the doors. The side doors are locked. He explains, “This vehicle has been declared as stolen. You are driving a stolen car, sir.”
Flamingo drops down both of his hands and slaps his legs, saying with a sour frown. “Geez, Louise!”
The first police officer says. “Sir, do you carry any type of identification on your person or inside the vehicle? I want to see it.”
Flamingo laughs with a nod and points down to his pants. He states with respect to the two police officers. “Yes sir! I have a driver’s license inside my pocket. May I retrieve it!”
The second police officer scoots around the car and then slides down into the driver’s seat leaning over and rummages through the glove compartment.
The first police officer nods and states to Flamingo. “Yes.”
Flamingo slowly retrieves and then hands his driver’s license to the police officer wearing a smile.
The second police officer exits the car and holds the registration card and the car insurance paper, moving ahead toward the first police officer and then stops. 
The first police officer continues to stand and examines the driver’s license, reading out loud. “Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth, you live in the town of Lacy Springs. What are you so far away from Lacy Springs and here in Birmingham?”
He outlines his shirt nodding with a grin and then states. “I’m a future student here at Burn U. I start class on June, the first. I came in early to visit the sights and get familiar with the roadways.”
The second police office with red hair holds the items and reads out loud the information. “The car is registered to Arie Dunlap Balegreen McCory, who lives in Lacy Springs. The car insurance paper is provided to Arie Dunlap Balegreen McCory and Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth,” he looks up with puzzlement.
Flamingo slams his chest and nods with a smile then states. “She is my biological mother and owns this car. I am my mother’s biological son.”
The first police officer looks up with a frown then states. “Well, your biological mother has issued a warrant for your arrest. She said that the car is stolen.”
Flamingo looks up and sneers toward the clouds yelling in fury, “Motherfucker!” He looks down and smiles at the two police officers. “Well, am I under house arrest, sir? Are you charging me with a robbery or thievery or grand thief auto or something?”
The second police officer takes the driver’s license and examines the documents together shaking his brown tinted skull, saying with puzzlement. “I don’t understand this arrest warrant. Arie McCory is his mother. Breck McCory is her son. They both live at the same address in Lacy Springs. How can he steal a car, where he is authorized to drive? His name is recorded on the vehicle insurance paper that matches the sports car. I can understand why his name is not registered to the car. You have driven this car since you were sixteen years old, is that right?”
“That is all correct, sir.” Flamingo states and pulls out his new Burn U college student identification card. “O! I can add to the mystery, sir. I have already received my Burn U ID card and look at the rear bumper. I have already registered this car to attend this college along with the permission of my lovely mother also.”
The second police officer looks over and sees the Burn U sticker for a college student and returns back to see Flamingo. He asks, “Why would your mother issue an arrest warrant on her own son?”
The first police officer laughs then states. “You made your mother mad, didn’t you, kid?”
“All the damn time!” Flamingo states and nods with laughter.
The first police officer nods with a smile and comments. “Look! The warrant says to find the stolen car and arrest the driver. He is the driver. There is the stolen car.”
The second police officer frowns the comments. “But he is one of the authorized drivers on the car. I can’t arrest a person that can drive the car. This arrest warrant is crazy.”
Flamingo tosses both of his arms into the air and looks up at the clouds again, shouting out loud. “Fuck you, Mama!”
The first police officer frowns then says to Flamingo. “Son, you should not talk out loud, like that, about your own biological mother.”
He looks down with a sour frown, saying to the first police officer. “Why? She has fucked me over again.”
The second police officer shakes his red hair, saying with a confused brow. “The legal document is valid. The arrest warrant is crazy. What are we supposed to do here?”
The first police officer smiles with a nod then states. “The mother wants her sports car back. The sports car is stolen and will be taken to the police impound lot. She will be contacted and can come and collect her stolen piece of property.”
Flamingo frowns then asks. “What about me? What type of criminal charges has been filed against me by my asshole mother?”
The second police officer moves ahead and then stops sliding down on top of a concrete picnic bench, pulling out his mobile telephone and types on the keyboard.
The first police officer nods to the same picnic table and moves ahead in silence, sliding down beside his partner.
Flamingo spins around and enters his car retrieving the sack of breakfast food items, standing upright. He slowly moves ahead the scoots down sitting on the opposite hard, cold, concrete bench seat at the same picnic table, spreading out the food and shares with the two police officers. He eats and chews the food, watching in silence.
The second police officer frowns down at the computer screen and explains. “I do not see any type of criminal charges filed against you, Mr. McCory. But the police warrant states to hold you here at the Birmingham police department for questioning.”
“They’ve found me. Shit!” Flamingo shouts then sips the cold beverage swallowing the liquid. “Who’s going to come here and question me there at Birmingham Police Station?”
The first police officer looks down at the tiny screen and reads the same arrest warrant on his mobile telephone and states. “Some person named Sheriff…”
“Tommy Lee,” Flamingo states then growls. “He’s involved in my fake arrest too. His ass betta not come near me, ever, while I tote and carry my shotgun.”
The first police officer looks up and sneers at Flamingo then asks. “O! Have you been in trouble before with the sheriff’s office in Lacy Springs?”
Flamingo smiles then explains, “No sir! I have never been in trouble ever,” he eats and chews the food.
He growls then asks. “Then why did you steal your mother’s car?”
Flamingo swallows the food and then laughs and finally explains. “Up until four minutes ago, it was my car. Fuck you, Mama!” He eats and chews the food.
He snarls then states. “Son, are you actually cursing out loud your biological mother in front of my face?”
Flamingo swallows the food and then sneers and finally states. “Yes, my mother is the cause of my current predicament here in Birmingham,” he eats and chews the food.
He smiles then states. “I love my mother. My mother could not possibility do anything to piss me, like you did to your mother, son.”
Flamingo swallows the food and then smiles saying with a calm timber. “Well, you’re a very lucky man. My mother performed the ultimate pissing off action that no other mother could top.”
He frowns then asks. “What did your mother do to piss you off, son?”
Flamingo swallows the food and then sips the beverage, nodding with a sad face. He expresses, “O! My teenly story is very long and very sad.”
The second police officer looks up from the screen on the mobile telephone and smiles at Flamingo saying with a calm timber. “Well, I would like to hear your sad tale. Because, if it is not sad enough, I might arrest your ass for disturbing the peace out here on a quiet Sunday morning.”
Flamingo smiles then expresses, “The American Constitution’s First Amendment gives me the right to shout out loud any words from my mind including any curse words at my mother.”
The first police officer with the black hair nods with a smile then states. “Yes sir! The American Constitution’s First Amendment gives you the right to speak your mind. But a set of Birmingham legal laws give me the right to invoke a criminal act on your ass if you continue to perturb my eardrums.”
Flamingo laughs with a head nod, and then slurps his beverage, and finally smiles. He states, “Then, I’ll accept your challenge, officer. I’ll tattle my sad tale in first person. The wording is more effective.”
The second police officer laughs with a nod then expresses. “Go ahead and tattle, son! We have to wait for a tow truck to come here and drag the stolen car back to the police impound lot. We are all ears.”
Flamingo sips the cold beverage and nods with a stern face. He starts, “Two weeks ago, at my house in Lacy Springs, the front door knocks. A seventeen-year-old pretty cunt-bitch stands in the archway with a three-month-old baby…”
The second police officer looks down and types on his mobile telephone. He asks with a nasty tone, “What’s your name, again, son?”
The first police officer looks down and types on his mobile telephone also. He comments, “I’m typing his name into the Alabama Department of Children Services database right now. Are you a delinquent father with a pile of back child support payments?”
Flamingo laughs then exclaims. “No! I’m only eighteen years old. I graduated from high school two days ago. You won’t find my name or presence inside your police or delinquent children’s database, sir. Back to business!”
“Sawyer!” The first police officer states. He looks up smiling to Flamingo.
“Mangrove!” The second police officer yells. He looks up and grins to Flamingo.
“Berrington!” Flamingo hollers then laughs. “Quartet boss and leader, Austin Berrington uses that term. Well, the young teen mother claims the baby belongs to me. I turn and face my mother saying the teen mother is fibbing and her baby is not my blood.”
The second police officer reaches out and grabs some of the food presenting a frown, asking with curiosity. “Did you perform a paternity blood test? The laboratory result is very fast, safe and accurate.”
Flamingo frowns then states. “My mother ordered me to take a paternity blood test for the baby. But I refused.”
The first police officer with black hair frowns then asks. “Why would you do that, son?”
Flamingo nods and says. “I do not lie. I grow up telling the truth. I always tell the truth. The baby is not my child. I do not need to take a laboratory father-paternity test to prove my innocence here. My honest words should flow from my lips into her eardrums. My mother should believe her son over a cunt-bitch whore that she has never seen in her life.”
The second police officer with red tinted cropped hair exhales with confusion and then states. “That’s a fact, kid! I cannot argue with the love of a mother for a son or the respect of a son for his mother.”
Flamingo frowns then continues. “However, my mother does not clearly hear my words. She falls in love with the baby, who happens, by chance, to look like me. The baby has blonde hair and blue eyes. I have blonde hair and blue eyes. My two brothers have blonde hair and blue hair. The teen mother has black hair and brown eyes. Thus, the baby looks like the father. Since I refuse the father-paternity blood test, a court of law quickly ensures. There is a court hearing. My court hearing has a prosecution lawyer for the teen mother, a defense lawyer for me and a judge. I even sit inside the eye witness stand and profess that I am not the father, telling the whole truth. However, I…”
The first police office with black hair laughs then states. “That’s a lot of ‘howevers.’”
Flamingo laughs then continues. “However, during the court trial of numerous nobodies and me, I could clearly see that the judge is going to label me, the father, even though I had professed to not being the father and not taking a blood test. I must tell you, that my mother is very wealthy woman, sir…”
“Yes,” the second police officer states then laughs. “I have figured that one out. He drives a seventy thousand dollar sports car, at the age of sixteen years old, not many kids can do that.”
Flamingo nods with a smile. “My mother is also a generous lady to her sons. So, my mother gives the teen mother her own house and a house full of furniture and baby furniture and clothes and food and stuff. Hey! That’s the Christian way! But I refuse to marry the teen mother. I’m attending college and becoming a medical physician. My mother plans to pay the teen mother the monthly child support check which is against my will and my better judgment. Hey! It’s her money, not mine.”
The first police officer nods then asks. “What happened in the court of law?”
Flamingo states. “The court trial is vicious. The teen mother proclaims, that I am the father. I proclaim, that I am not. It is close to the end of the trial. Then my biological brother, who is going to become a lawyer, finds find the truth.”
He gasps then asks. “What’s the truth here?”
Flamingo smirks then says. “Inside each ear canal, the earwax is designated as dry or wet. I possess wet earwax.”
He frowns then inquires. “What does that mean?”
Flamingo smiles and commands, “Stick our finger into your ear, but do not break your eardrum. Then remove your finger tip and tell me what you see.”
The first police officer sticks a pinky finger tip into his ear and then draws a plug of yellow goo, gagging in alarm. He screams, “Uoo! What is this?”
Flamingo smiles then explains, “Every human possesses earwax that keeps the ear clean. You, sir, possess wet yellow tinted earwax. I possess wet yellow tinted earwax. My two brothers and my mother and my father all possess wet yellow tinted earwax. Everyone possesses wet earwax including the baby’s mother, except for less than ten percent of the world population.”
The second police officer holds a fingertip of wet yellow earwax in the air and then asks. “What does yellow tinted ear wax do with you and your paternal trial, young sir?”
Flamingo smiles then states, “The baby possesses an ear of dry earwax, which is colored in white flaky hue. Thus, his inherited earwax substance genetic trait comes from the really real and unknown biological father. So, that bastard child is not related to me and is not my biological son with another’s man’s genetic trait,” he laughs along with the two officers.
The first police officer smiles then cheers, “Yeehaw!” He wipes the dirty finger down on his pants.
Flamingo states, “Yeehaw! My brother has proven my innocent from an instant fatherhood situation. The judge dismisses my father-paternity legal law case. I leave my home town and now I live here. I’ll attend Burn U next month for college.”
The first police officer nods with a stern face then states. “Well, that’s a sad tale, kid! I’m a male and I’d be mad, if my mother didn’t believe me over a girl.”
Flamingo sneers then says. “I’m still angry and mad, sir.”
The second police officer nods then lectures. “For the love of your mother, you did not have to marry the teen girl, but you could have been a father still keeping the peace, within the family unit.”
The first police officer frowns then states. “Why should he do that? He told the truth. The truth is supposed to set you free, not bind you to an ugly girl,” he laughs along with Flamingo. “If he had married that ugly girl, she’d nag and nag and nag all the time about the kid. My ex-wife does that to me. You’re not here. You didn’t spend enough time with your two children. When are you coming? Nag. Nag. Nag. You save yourself a headache by not marrying that bitch.”
Flamingo nods with a smile then compliments, “Thank you! Now, you understand my silly teenly plight. My mother is still mad at me also and now has taken away my car. She believes, if I can’t get around the town, then I’ll return back home. But I will not surrender never, ever, foreverly.” The tow truck driver pulls into the parking lot and then stops leaving the cab, working the chains on the targeted stolen sports car.
“Good show, kid!” The first police office cheers then stands uprights from the bench seat, nodding with a smile. “Well, the tow truck is here. We must take the sports car from you per the stolen car police arrest warrant. But you are not in trouble with the police or the law,” he scoots backwards from the table surface and the innocent teenager Flamingo.
“Pardon me for asking! How will you explain the lack of my warm body accompanying the cold metal sports car?” Flamingo asks then laughs at his silly mental thoughts.
“I’m taking a digital photograph of all your personal identification items on my cell phone. I’ll show our captain and explain the silly arrest warrant, coming from a crazy mother, who’s mad at her biological son. He is a father of three boys. He will completely understand.” The second police officer finishes the police task and looks up handing back the driver’s license to Flamingo. “I gotta keep the registration card and the car insurance paper with the sports car. Good luck, kid!”
“Yeah, thanks, sir!” Flamingo states and accepts back his driver’s license, without a car, slowly standing upright from the bench seat, looking at his towed sports car. “Now, I don’t have a car to travel around the town.”
The red haired second police officer points to the rake of bikes and suggests. “You can take one of the solar bikes. That rack of metal over there holds a set of revved and charged solar bike that performs a putt-putt up to ten miles-per-hour, son. You can drive all around the interior city on that bike without the cost of gasoline or another police warrant,” he laughs.
“Wow! Thank you for the idea, sir!” Flamingo says and cleans up his dirty items off the table surface, sliding sideways way from the bench, spinning around. He moves ahead and wears a smile then stops, standing at the bike rack. He places the used sack of food inside the wire front basket. He rolls out the green tinted bicycle backwards from the vetted slot and slides down onto the smooth black-colored banana seat, touching the black-tinted handle bars. The solar bike does not pedal but starts with a button. The bicycle barely roars with power.
Flamingo bounces up and down with excitement as he would rather putt-putt than walk within the heated sunlight. He flips the handler bar. The solar bicycle slowly rolls down the vanilla colored walkway, heading back towards the City Hotel. He laughs out loud with amusement then shouts to the clouds. “Hit me, again, Arie! Fucking bitch! I hate you, Mama! I’ll always hate you, until the day, that I die, bitch.”


Lacy Springs Hospital
   (93 miles north of Birmingham)
hospital inpatient room
12:18 p.m.


Inside Arie’s private hospital room, Breck sits on top of hard stool and holds her still hand, exhaling with a set of deep emotions of bright hope. He isn’t crying but smiling. He leans down and softly voices into her smooth cheekbone. “Mama, this is Breck. But you can hear my voice. Mama, Flamingo is coming. I knew that I ran him off from here and you. But he’s coming back here, maybe in a shiny pair of hand cuffs,” he softly chuckles with a grin.
Cinco paces side to side with anticipation for the return of his brother Flamingo and stares at his mother, exhaling with a set of deep emotions of bright hope.
A.J. sits on the opposite side of Arie on a similar hard stool and holds her still hand, staring at her face with a set of deep emotions of bright hope, softly whispering into her eardrum. “Arie, Flamingo is coming here to see you. He will tell you that he is sorry. Then you can wake up from your peaceful sleep. Then we will get married and go on a long honeymoon to anywhere in the world.”
The hospital door swings open.
Tommy Lee stands inside the archway and wiggles his mobile telephone, saying with a smile, “Let’s go, A.J.! Flamingo has been arrested and is probably sitting inside a crowded jail cell in metro Birmingham about fifteen minutes ago. The Birmingham police patrol found his sports car coming from my APB and the arrest warrant.”
A.J. swiftly stands upright from the short stool and wears a smile leaning down, planting a dry kiss on her forehead and then pulls back with a smile, whispering to Arie. “I’m coming back with your Middle Child, Arie. Then everything will be wonderful again. We will marry and have a happy life. I love you, Arie!” He stands upright and scoots away from the hospital bed, moving ahead towards Tommy Lee.
Breck slowly stands upright and spins around, continuing to hold her hand, saying with a smile. “Hurry back, Tommy Lee and A.J.! We’ll be waiting here.”
Cinco moves ahead and sits down at the short stool, grabbing her hand, staring down at A.J. “Use your police siren and lights and rush down there, get Flamingo, and come back, Tommy Lee. We’ll be here and waiting. Good fighting, A.J.!”
A.J. stops then spins around wearing a frown then asks. “What did you say, Cinco?”
Cinco smiles then states. “Flamingo, he’s going to be mad with fury that his sports car is gone and he’s sitting inside a single jail cell. He’ll start a fist fight, if he can win or not. You need to watch yourself, A.J.”
Tommy Lee nods with a smile then states. “And I know and love Flamingo’s flame boiling personality, too. And I’ll taser his tail. Then he’ll ride lengthwise, instead of upright on top of the rear seat,” he laughs along with the others. “Stay cool, boys! We ride with style!” He back steps and spins around racing down the empty hallway along with A.J.



Birmingham Police Department
hot temperatures with bright sunlight
   (90 miles south of Lacy Springs)
Lobby and front desk setting
01:00 p.m.


Tommy Lee operates the police blue and red tinted lights on top of the rooftop and rapidly drives the Lacy Springs’ police car at ninety miles-per-hour towards metro city Birmingham, which is a ninety-minute trip, arriving in the heart of the city at one o’clock in the heated afternoon. A few minutes later, he parks his car inside the police department parking lot and slides out without locking the door, moving into the police station lobby with his new friend and Arie’s fiancé A.J.
Tommy Lee stops at the high counter and flashes his police badge presenting a smile, staring down at the black-colored hair roots on the police clerk female. He states, “Good afternoon. I am Sheriff Tommy Lee from Lacy Springs. I am here to retrieve a prisoner, Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth.”
The dark haired and older female police clerk nods with a smile and looks down, tapping on the keyboard and then frowns at the computer screen. She states, “I am sorry, sir. We do not have a prisoner with that name. Is the name spelled differently from the way it sounds?”
He frowns, “Why not? That boy was brought in here to this police station for stealing a car around high noon.”
She looks up and smiles then states. “I am sorry, sir. I do not have a male with the name McCory staying here in the Birmingham Police Department’s mainframe computer system or inside any of the jail cells. Do you have the correct city?”
He exhales with a huff of annoyance and then calmly states. “Yes, I am positive. This is the right place and space for teen McCory. Can you please check another part of the computer?”
She reaches for the landline telephone placing in her eardrum and waits on the voice on the other end. She states, “Sir, I will let you talk with our captain here at the police station.”
“That’s good enough!” He nods and says to her.
A.J. leans over with worry and whispers into the cheekbone on Tommy Lee. “Flamingo’s not here. Where’s he located at? Did they take him to a real jail cell, Tommy Lee?”
Tommy Lee smiles then softly states, “No. Flamingo’s a minor.”
“He is eighteen years old. He is an adult.”
Tommy Lee continues to smile and then whispers. “No. Flamingo really didn’t steal that car. We made that up. However, I asked that the police department here in Birmingham to hold his ass for questioning from me. They should have done that.”
A.J. gasps in shock and then whispers back. “They did not do that. Is Flamingo located inside another part of the Birmingham Prison Complex?  If Arie finds any of this out, she’ll divorce me.”
He laughs then comments. “You and Arie are not married yet, A.J.”
“Then she’ll marry me and then divorce me, after finding out this terrible information. She loves her three sons.”
“And I love her three sons of a gun, too. All is well, A.J.,” Tommy Lee says and sees a new uniformed officer. The officer motions to them. Tommy Lee moves ahead first and extends his hand to the police office. “Hello! I am…”
“Sheriff Tommy Lee,” the uniformed police officer states then smiles. “Please, come this way and follow me. My police captain is ready for the meeting,” he spins around and leads them down a long hallway of dull beige paint with numerous framed and mounted faces of police officers.
“Thanks!” Tommy Lee says and moves ahead beside A.J. following the back spine on the officer.
A.J. leans over with worry and whispers into the cheekbone on Tommy Lee. “What kind of horse shit is this?”
He laughs then says, “The best kind or kin!” The police officer turns and spins around with a bright smile, pointing inside an open archway. Tommy Lee turns with a nod and enters the office room first.
The captain stands behind his office desk and wears a smile pointing down at a row of two chairs and announces, “Sirs, please, come inside and sit down here, gentlemen, for our impromptu social meeting.”
Tommy Lee slides down into the seat and leans back into the thin seat cushions. Something has changed his game plan with Flamingo.
Flamingo is a slick cat and has done or say something to change the situation towards his favor. But Flamingo does not lie. He tells the truth. So, the truth will set you free. And defiantly and definitely, the truth has set Flamingo free.
Inside the police office setting, A.J. slowly slides down in the provided worn leather chair and fidgets with nervousness. He had served within the United States of America military branch going on numerous dangerous battle missions, which was worse than this one. He is a civilian now and does not have the protection on his ass from the United States of America Federal Government, only Tommy Lee, a local rural town sheriff of Lacy Springs.
The captain sits down and continues to stare at the two men.
The interior of his office holds a row of dark-tinted sitting chairs against three side walls which is filled with an individual tan-colored uniformed police officer.
The captain exhales with a huff of annoyance and then says to Tommy Lee. “Sheriff Tommy Lee, I would like to thank…”
“Cut the crap, sir! Where’s Flamingo?” Tommy Lee states then smiles rubbing his two fingers. “The young teen with the long name of Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth, is he here or not in your fancy police station, sir?”
The captain nods and states. “The young teen, with the usual long name, has not been arrested for any type of crime. This morning, at 11:01 a.m., his sports car was captured and then impounded inside the police lot behind this building. However, there seems to be some question of the arrest warrant and the legal documents that the driver carried with his person,” he nods to one of the police officers.
The police officer possesses a head of red hair and a handful of papers moves ahead from the wall corner and stops beside the edge of the office desk, spinning around to see Tommy Lee. He places a short stack of papers on top of the office desk and then stares down at Tommy Lee. “I will speak in the first person for clarity of the police force. I received the A.P.B. electronic beep yesterday at 14:00 hours. This morning, at 11:00 hours, my patrol car identified the stolen vehicle. I pulled up and stopped the car. The young driver did not resist arrest and surrendered the vehicle without incident. I could not charge the young driver with any type of crime. He did not steal the vehicle. His name is listed on the car insurance paper. He had presented a Burn U student ID. And the car has a Burn U parking sticker in his name, which has been verified by the university security office. Thus, I can understand that his mother is mad and wants her car back. But why have you gone to such lengths to harass a young male that has not broken the law or committed a crime? I am very suspicious of your police actions, sir. This is the big city of Birmingham and we do things a lot differently here.”
Tommy Lee looks down and studies the papers, seeing copies of the car registration, car insurance, and Flamingo’s driver’s license. He presents a stern face and looks up turning to see each face on the uniformed police officer.
The Birmingham Police Department believes that Tommy Lee is running a carload of illegal drugs through the teen or another illegal adventure, which is far from the truth.
So, another truth has been hidden from the nice police officers of metro city Birmingham. Flamingo might have tattled his fairy tale to the police officers, but he had left out a very important piece of information.
Tommy Lee lifts both of his palms with the pieces of papers and wears a smile, saying to each police officer. “Look! This simple arrest situation is more than a mother and her son and a sports car. May I explain!” He drops both of his hands and gently places in his lap.
The police officer sidesteps and sits down inside an empty chair on the wall, nodding to Tommy Lee and then comments. “I look forward to your explanation and it better be a good one.”
Tommy Lee nods with a stern face to the single police officer then turns to see the police captain. He states, “Yes sir! Two weeks ago, a teen mother shows up at the home of Flamingo. You know him as Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth. No one back home calls him that long name. He’s called Flamingo. So, the teen mother claims that he is the father of her child. Flamingo claims his innocence and also refuses to take a paternity test.”
The captain gasps in shock and then comments. “That’s highly unusual. A laboratory paternity blood test by the father is fast, safe, and accurate. The teen male would have been cleared within minutes.”
He says. “That’s logical for an adult, not for a teen male, sir. So, Flamingo’s mother accepts the claim of a new grandson and tries to force her son to marry the teen mother and become the father to the baby. However, her son is smarter and refuses to marry the teen mother. So, the legal fatherly paternity court case ends up in a court of law there in Lacy Springs. However, the court of law is highly unusual also. And I would like to add here. Flamingo is one of three triplet brothers.”
The captain gasps in shock and then comments. “Then, one of the triplets could have donated his blood for the fatherly paternity test. The D.N.A. would have matched close to one hundred percent to prove the baby was or was not a family member.”
Tommy Lee nods with a smile then states. “Yes, another triplet brother, from the same egg, could have but did not donor a tongue spit or a blood prick or a penis sperm. The triplet brothers are tight and right and respect each other. That suggestion was brought up and then kicked into the outer space waves. So, the female judge, for kicks, allows a real court trial with a defense lawyer and a prosecution lawyer for each client, where the lawyers were paid big time monies.”
The captain frowns then comments. “That’s, also, highly unusual. Why was this mental game allowed to play out in the court system?”
Tommy Lee says. “Flamingo’s mother is named Arie. Arie agreed to the silly court trial in hopes that her son would understand the importance of becoming a father, at the age of eighteen years old. At the court trial, the teen mother sits inside the eye witness box and sobs that she birthed the baby alone and poor and hunger and blob, blob, blob. Flamingo takes the stand and confesses that he had fucked the bitch on a teen date, but he is not the father. At this point, all the teens are inside the court gallery and no one inside the city limits believes Flamingo as he has refused to take the paternity test. When does refusal of anything equate into a trip of guilty?
“The court trial is winding down. Flamingo is sitting inside the eyewitness stand and explaining his young life away. Then his brother stands up and starts asking a series of medical questions. His triple brother is going to study and train and become a future lawyer. During the session of medical questions from Flamingo’s triple brother, the real medical pediatrician takes over the questioning and confirms the new discovery evidence: that the baby is not the son of Flamingo. The interior eardrum on baby contains particles of white tinted dry earwax, not yellow tinted wet earwax. Yeah, it’s really a silly conclusion, but an absolute medical truth. The entire court room cheers in loud claps and whistles.
“However, Flamingo is not happy and very mad at the entire town, his two brothers, and his mother. He scoots out the eyewitness stand and stomps out from the court room. Not before cursing out this biological mother in front of the entire town, which is quite ugly and inappropriate for a teen ass. No one chases after Flamingo and his fury either.
“His mother Arie is very upset and crying. She arrived at the court house with her fiancé A.J., who sits next to her. Then, Arie is given the car keys from her other triple son and dashes out the court room door, entering his big ass jacked-up pickup truck, driving ahead. She crashes into a two-hundred-year old oak tree. Part of the tall heavy tree top lands on top of the man-made metal rooftop which hits down into her bone skull. Now, Arie is in a coma inside the hospital, since last Thursday afternoon. Flamingo did not know at first. Then he came back home and saw his mother through the glass doors inside the hospital refusing to talk with her…”
“So,” the captain states and then gasps in shock. “You rigged the arrest warrant to capture the young teen ass and bring him back to see his mother, who lays in her hospital bed. I can sympathy with your situation, Sheriff Tommy Lee. But you have manipulated too many parties here with that foolish stunt.”
“No!” A.J. states and stands exhaling with a huff of worry. “You do not understand, sir. There is more to the medical story.” He sits down. “I am Arie’s fiancé, if we can get her healed and talking and walking, again. And I can say with honestly. I was the person on the outside, looking in. I could feel the range of Flamingo’s teenly emotions. Hell! I was like Flamingo. I could have been in Flamingo’s situation too. And there wasn’t a paternity sperm test back then,” he laughs along with the others. “Flamingo was expressing his right as a male. Who gives the right for the female to only benefit, when a baby is born? If I remember correctly, it takes Two to Tango.”
He laughs along with the others and then states. “A man should have the right to reject his own blood. I do not mean to murder his blood. Modern times, a woman has numerous options, if she does not want her baby. I emphasize the ‘her’ part. She made that decision, sometimes, without the father. So, the mother should be forced to live with her consequences of that baby.”
One police officer nods then comments. “I gather from your speech and your attitude, that you are not a father of a child.”
A.J. nods then states. “Yes! I served most of my life in the United States of America military.”
“U.S.A.!” A second police officer cheers then smiles.
A.J. continues, “But this is the modern time, so the father is forced to live the rest of his life with her outcome, a baby. In this situation, the teen mother showed up on the door step, when the baby was three months old. Flamingo wasn’t given a choice either way, but he won anyways. Bully for him! I can’t say that his biological mother has won here. Arie is in a coma in the hospital. A comatose patient can, sometimes, awaken from the sound of a loved one’s voice. Arie has triplet sons. Two of her triplets have talked to their mother, without successfully wakening her soul.”
The captain frowns then comments. “That’s a medical myth. It could work, but it’s not full proven medical fact.”
A.J. nods then says. “Her two sons and I found a physical sound link that made her hand twitch a little off the bed sheet. Arie is communicating with us. When we played a country musical song, her hand did not twitch. When we played a rock and rock song, her hand twitched. When we played the voice greeting of her missing son Flamingo, her hand twitched again. No one outside stimuli has achieved that type of physical results, since she has been in the coma. No one can explain the medical condition of a coma. But, the set of rock and roll musical songs are only played and listened by her missing son Flamingo. When Arie heard the rock and roll musical songs, she reacted by lifting her finger off the bed sheet inside her hospital bed.
“Arie is waiting for her third biological son. Flamingo is the key to healing his mother. He tossed his cell phone out the window, disconnecting all vocal communication. He drove away from Lacy Springs, vanishing from her life. He only came back to collect his high school diploma to start college here at Birmingham University. Flamingo has pretty much told everyone to fuck off and stay out of his life. Well, that’s fine and dandy for Flamingo. And all of us will honor that.
“However, we…I setup the arrest warrant with an honorable intent for the life of his mother and my fiancé. Once Flamingo talks to his mother, as she is waiting to hear his voice, there might be a chance that she might awaken, from her coma state. We…I am willing to take that risk and chance for her. So, I am hoping to take Flamingo from here in Birmingham while screaming and yelling back to his home town of Lacy Springs, and then twist his arm, without breaking it, for him to yell or shout or whisper into his mother’s face, for her hope of a normal life, again.”
Each police officer nods with a stern face while some wipe off a tear of sadness.
A.J. exhales with worry and then states. “Look! If you wanna arrest someone, you can arrest me. Tommy Lee worked under my direct order. I can go to jail as long as Tommy Lee is freed of this thing, Captain.”
The captain nods with a smile and then says. “No one is going to jail. We understand…”
“…and we wanna help…” a new police officer moves from the wall corner and stops extending a sliver of paper to Tommy Lee, saying with a stern face. “I’m one of three siblings. If my brother did not help our mama, I’d beat the shit outta of his ass too. This is the current hotel address for your misplaced teen, City Hotel. We collected the information freely, after we pulled the stolen car over and interrogated the young man. So, I am not breaking any privacy or other shitty local or state or federal government laws. Flamingo is a very cool and very friendly young teen, but his mother deserves more from the baby, that she birthed. Good luck, gentlemen!”
“Thank you!” A.J. says and stands upright from the chair extending his hand, taking the sliver of paper and then shaking the officer’s hand.
Each police officer quickly shakes A.J.’s hand and offers a wish of good luck to both Tommy Lee and A.J. A different police officer points to the hotel building giving out the easy driving directions, which is located on the same city street. Each officer exits captain office setting. The captain nods in silence, without a hand shake.
Tommy Lee and A.J. dash away from the office setting and the police building, yelling with cheers, entering the police car. The sheriff drives directly to the crowded outside parking lot at the City Hotel.


City Hotel
   (four miles east from Birmingham Police Station)
hot temperatures with scattered clouds of bright sunlight


At 02:01 p.m., Tommy Lee and A.J. exit from the police car and quickly stroll through the busy lobby, hearing a musical song.
The musical song entitled Owner of a Lonely Heart was released on October 8, 1983, by the British progressive musical rock and roll band named Yes. The song was written by guitarist and singer Trevor Rabin; singer Jon Anderson; bass guitar Chris Squire, and musical producer Trevor Horn. The musical song was produced by Trevor Horn. The musical band played Dance Rock sounds.
The musical band members included Trevor Rabin (vocals & backing vocals; lead guitar and synthesizers); Jon Anderson (vocals & backing vocals); Alan White (drums & percussion), Tony Kaye (keyboards) and Chris Squire (bass guitar).
The song was written in the year 1979 by South African musician, singer and songwriter and producer Trevor Rabin performing his bodily functions, on his bathroom toilet. He wrote the words from beginning to end on the toilet seat and then finished both his shitty and musical business. Then he recorded the musical notes on his acoustic guitar and his musical words singing onto a 4-Track tape machine, at his home studio.


Save your life
Never thinking of the future
Prove yourself
You are the move you make
Take your chances, win or loser
See yourself
You are the steps you take
You and you, and that’s the only way
Shake, shake yourself
You’re every move you make
So, the story goes

Owner of a lonely heart
Owner of a lonely heart
(Much better than a)
Owner of a broken heart
Owner of a lonely heart

Say! You don’t want to chance it
You’ve been hurt so before
Watch it now
The eagle in the sky
How he’s dancing one and only
You, lose yourself
No not for pity’s sake
There’s no real reason to be lonely
Be yourself
Give your free will a chance
You’ve got to want to succeed

Owner of a lonely heart
Owner of a lonely heart
(Much better than a)
Owner of a broken heart
Owner of a lonely heart
Owner of a lonely heart
After my own indecision
They confused me so
Owner of a lonely heart
My love said never question your will at all
In the end you’ve got to go
Look before you leap
Owner of a lonely heart
And don’t you hesitate at all, no, no
Yow!

Owner of a lonely heart
Owner of a lonely heart
(Much better than a)
Owner of a broken heart
Owner of a lonely heart

Owner of a lonely heart
Owner of a lonely heart
(Much better than a)
Owner of a broken heart
Owner of a lonely heart
Owner of a lonely heart

Sooner or later each conclusion
Will decide the lonely heart
Owner of a lonely heart
It will excite, it will delight
It will give a better start
Owner of a lonely heart

Don’t deceive your Free Will at all
Don’t deceive your Free Will at all
Owner of a lonely heart
Don’t deceive your Free Will at all
Just receive it
Just receive it
(Owner of a lonely heart)


Tommy Lee and A.J. both enter an overcrowded elevator floor hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Tie a Yellow Ribbon on the Ole Oak Tree coming from the studio album Tuneweaving and was released on February 19, 1973, by the American musical band named Dawn featuring singer Tony Orlando. The musical song was produced by Hank Medress and Dave Appell. The musical song was written by Irwin Levine and Russel L. Brown.
The members of the band included Tony Orlando, (vocals); Telma Hopkins (backing vocals); Joyce Vincent Wilson (backing vocals) and her sister Pamela Vincent (backing vocals).
The idea of a yellow tinted satin ribbon occurred during the 19th Century, when women wore a yellow ribbon in their hair strands to signify their devotion to a husband or a sweetheart serving in the United States of America Horse Cavalry unit.
Within the United States of America, in the year 1970, a movement with the symbol of the yellow ribbon posted on bigger and taller physical object rather than a head of colorful hair strands represented a loved one, either in the military branch or in prison jail cell, was welcomed home, on their return journey back to their town.
The songwriter Russel L. Brown had based the musical theme song on a war soldier heading back home from the First American Civil War penned a handwritten letter to his wife and asked if she would tie a handkerchief around a specific tree to welcome him home.


I’m coming home; I’ve done my time
Now, I’ve got to know what is and isn’t mine
If you received my letter telling you I’d soon be free
Then you’ll know just what to do
If you still want me; if you still want me

Whoa! Tie a yellow ribbon around the ole oak tree
It’s been three long years. Do you still want me?
If I don’t see a ribbon around the ole oak tree
I’ll stay on the bus, forget about us, put the blame on me
If I don’t see a yellow ribbon around the ole oak tree

Bus driver, please, look for me
Cause, I couldn’t bear to see what I might see
I’m really still in prison. and my love, she holds the key
A simple yellow ribbon is what I need to set me free
And I wrote and told her please

Whoa! Tie a yellow ribbon around the ole oak tree
It’s been three long years. Do you still want me?
If I don't see a ribbon round the ole oak tree
I’ll stay on the bus, forget about us, put the blame on me
If I don’t see a yellow ribbon around the ole oak tree

Now, the whole damned bus is cheering
And I can’t believe I see

A hundred yellow ribbons around the ole oak tree
I’m coming home

Tie a ribbon around the ole oak tree
Tie a ribbon around the ole oak tree
Tie a ribbon around the ole oak tree
Tie a ribbon around the ole oak tree


They silently ride the carriage, arriving on the eighth floor. They advance ahead from the elevator carriage, down the crowded hallway and stroll towards room number 888. Tommy Lee halts along with A.J. and starts to pound his folded fist on the closed hotel room door.
The hotel door opens and reveals the face on a surprised maid. She says, “Hello!”
Tommy Lee gasps in shock.
A.J. smiles and scoots around the stunned maid saying with a calm timber. “Hello! Hi there! I stayed here last night and left my cell phone somewhere in here in this hotel room. Can I come in and look around and find my cell phone? That phone is really expensive. Thank you so much, ma’am! I really appreciate your help here.” 
The hotel maid turns around with a gasp and stares at the middle-aged man, not knowing what to do.
Tommy Lee quickly enters and scoots around the stunned maid, barging into the room, scanning the scene. The television plasma is powered down. There is no radio music. The window curtains are opened. The bathroom is dirty and has been used by a guest. The bed mattress is messy and has been slept upon by a person.
A.J. moves ahead and then stops, standing by the small table with the two chairs. The eating table is dirty and has been used by the guest. The trashcan is filled with boxes of fast food restaurant which stinks. He quickly scans each wall and then the floor, gasping with alarm, kneeling down and touches the pile of clothes. He hollers, “Tommy Lee, he was here. Look around and pick up anything else that belongs to Flamingo. I found his dirty clothing and I’m taking the dirty pile with me.” He gathers up the pile of dirty clothes and stands upright from the floor, moving around the room without seeing another item from Flamingo.
Tommy Lee searches the open wardrobe closet and then dirty bathroom, seeing used towel and used toiletries items. He yells, “Yeah, he was here. Now, he’s gone. Damn! He knew we were coming to get him too. You’re slick, boy! But I’m the best hunter here in Bama.” He exits the bathroom and collides into A.J.  then asks, “Are you finished searching, A.J.?”
AJ cuddles the set of smelly clothes and wears a sour frown then comments. “Yes, I found his pile of old clothing but nothing else.”
Tommy Lee nods and says. “Okay! Let’s go downstairs and ask the front registration desk, if Flamingo left an unpaid bill or something without the money payment. If he has an outstanding hotel tab, I can legally pursue his ass and find him faster.”
A.J. exits the hotel room first with laughter then comments. “Yes, let’s go and investigate that new angle.”
Tommy Lee smiles and follows behind A.J. They enter the carriage elevator hearing the musical song.
The musical song entitled Bootylicious coming from the studio album Survivor and was released on March 22, 2001, by the American female musical band Destiny’s Child. The musicians played R&B, Dance Pop and Pop sounds.
The musical song was produced by Rob Fusari, Beyoncé Knowles, and Falonte Moore. The musical song was written by Draco Rosa and Desmond Child. The members of the band included Beyoncé Knowles (vocals, writer; producer); Kelly Rowland (lead vocals); Michelle Williams (vocals); Rob Fusari (songwriter; producer); Falonte Moore (songwriter, producer); Stevie Nicks (songwriter); Dan Workman (engineer); Tony Maserati (mixing engineer) and Flip Osman (mixing engineer assistance).
The current tune contained part of the musical song entitled Edge of Seventeen by American musical artist Stevie Nicks.
The word, bootylicious, means, a woman’s sexually attractive.


Kelly, can you handle this?
Michelle, can you handle this?
Beyoncé, can you handle this?
I don’t think they can handle this!
Barely move, we’ve arrived
Looking sexy, looking fly
Baddest chick, chick inside
D.J., jam tonight
Spotted me, a tender thang
There you are! Come on, baby!
Don’t you wanna dance with me?
Can you handle, handle me?

You gotta do much better
If you’re gone dance with me tonight
You gotta work your jelly
If you’re gone dance with me tonight

Read my lips carefully, if you like what you see
Move. Groove. Prove you can hang with me
By the looks I got, you shook up and scared of me
Buckle your seat belt! It’s time for takeoff
I don't think you're ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this
Cause, my body too bootylicious for ya, babe

I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this
Cause, my body too bootylicious for ya, babe

Baby, can you handle this?
Baby, can you handle this?
Baby, can you handle this?
I don’t think you can handle this

I’m about to break you off
H-town going hard, read my hips
Slap my thighs, swing my hair
Squint my eyes

Looking hot, smelling good
Grooving like I’m from the hood
Over my shoulder I blow you a kiss
Can you handle, handle this?

I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this
Cause, my body too bootylicious for ya, babe

I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this
Cause, my body too bootylicious for ya, babe

Move your body up and down
Make your booty touch the ground
I can’t help but wonder why
Is my vibe too vibealacious for you, babe?

I shake my jelly, at every chance
When I whip with my hips, you slip into a trance
I’m hoping you can handle all this jelly, that I have
Now, let’s cut a rug, while we scat some jazz

I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this
Cause, my body too bootylicious for ya, babe

I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this
Cause, my body too bootylicious for ya, baby

I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this
Cause, my body too bootylicious for ya, baby

I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this
Cause, my body too bootylicious for ya, baby

I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this
Cause, my body too bootylicious for ya, baby

I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
I don’t think you’re ready for this
Cause, my body too bootylicious for ya, baby


The carriage lands on the ground floor lobby. They exit and then stop in the middle of the room.
A.J. turns handing the smelly pile of clothes to Tommy Lee then orders. “Let me handle this with the front desk clerk at the hotel. You hold the old clothes. You’re wearing your police uniform. The registration clerk will get suspicious. We just explained our asses to the local police once. I don’t wanna do it, again, twice,” he laughs. “As a matter of fact, go and get back into the police car with the pile of smelly clothes, I’ll be right back.”
Tommy Lee takes the pile of smelly clothes and spins around to face the entrance doors, exiting the hotel building.
A.J. slowly shuffles ahead then stops and waits in line, presenting a fake smile. He moves up and halts in front of the counter fiddling with his mobile telephone and a paper map, wearing a worried brow. He expresses, “Hello! Hi there! Can you help me please?” He fiddles with the phone and the map. “Hi. I…I’m looking for my son located here at this hotel. Well, I think my son is located here at this hotel. I hope my son is located here at this hotel. He said that he was in room number 888. He’s a new college student. But, no one is answering that door. Can you, please, check, please? Can you, please see, if my son is still located here, please?”
The male registration clerk nods with a stern face and types on the keyboard, “Yes sir! Don’t worry! What is the name of your son?”
AJ smiles then states, “Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth, yeah, it’s a mouth fill. My wife loves her father and two brothers.”
The clerk reads off the screen. “Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth was staying in hotel room 888. He checked in Saturday morning at eleven o’clock and then he checked out this afternoon at twelve-thirty. I am sorry. He has left the building,” he looks up with a stern face.
A.J. frowns then states. “That’s okay. He obeys his mama. His mama told him to get another hotel room closer to the Vester Hills…”
The clerk smiles then says, “The city is called Vestavia Hills.”
He nods then yells. “That’s it! So, he obeyed his mama. Thank you! Does my boy own this hotel any money? Did he pay all the hotel room expenses? I don’t wanna any trouble for him here. We’re a good family and pay all of our bills, sir.”
The clerk looks down and reads out loud the amount. “Your son is a good son. He paid the entire balance in full and with cash money, totaling 1,156.28 dollars.” He looks up and smiles to A.J.
A.J. gasps in shock and then fakes a smile, saying with a calm timber. “O! That’s good. That’s great! My boy’s a good son. Thanks so much. Bye, now!”
The clerk nods then states. “Good luck, sir!”
He spins around with a fake smile and swiftly moves ahead towards the entrance doors. “Yeah, thanks!” He exits the building and paces ahead towards the parked police car, opening the door, sliding down into the front seat. He turns and frowns to Tommy Lee.

At 02:33 p.m., in the parking lot, inside the police car front seat, Tommy Lee turns and frowns at A.J. He comments, “Well!”
A.J. nods then explains. “Flamingo checked out at 12:33 p.m., today, from the City Hotel. When did that arrest alert for his sports car come into your police station?”
“The arrest alert came in at 12:01 p.m.”
A.J. nods then says. “Flamingo had just encountered the patrol car. Then the sports car was taken from him and impounded at the police station. So, he rushed back by on foot and checked out of his hotel room. And he paid in cash for the two nights which cost over one thousand dollars. Where did he get one thousand dollars? I thought he was cash strapped and was living inside his car.”
He turns and scans the surrounding buildings, city streets, and numerous people using his pair of trained police officer eyeballs. Tommy Lee comments, “Yeah, where did he get one thousand dollars for two nights of hotel room rental? That’s a lot of cash for a teen. And he’s hotel jumping. What hotel did he move toward next? And he’s moving on foot. He does not have a car. He does not have bank card as it has been stolen and not replaced. And he cannot rent a car for traveling away from the Burn U campus grounds. Flamingo is still around here in Birmingham. He’s bouncing from hotel to hotel.”
A.J. frowns then states. “Based on that pile of smelly clothes, he ditched his usual appearance. So, where did he get money to buy a set of new clothes and rent a five hundred dollar-per-night hotel room and eat boxes of fast food? All of that takes money. Or did he steal the new clothes, the food?”
Tommy Lee leans over and starts the engine on his police car, saying with a sour frown. “No. I do not think Flamingo steals. I think we need to head back home to Lacy Springs and seriously question Breck and Cinco,” he slowly exits the parking lot and drives over the unfamiliar road towards the interstate, sneering with annoyance. “Something’s not right here. If Flamingo had been penniless and homeless and foodless and parked his stolen sports car inside a shady spot, within any shopping mall parking lot, then the two police officers from the patrol car would have taken Flamingo into the police station and then and questioned his motive. Then I’d have been called to come and collect a runaway penniless teenager, like we had planned. However, that plan did not work out. Flamingo was not arrested for a crime or a runaway teen. And he’s still free to roam around the city paying with cash for both shelter and food. Breck and Cinco betta have some good answers here. I almost got my ass handed back to me by the Birmingham police division from my silly law enforcement stunt.” He veers the police car towards the winding ramp and then flies onto the flat gray tinted interstate, pressing down the lights and siren, speeding back home to Lacy Springs.


Birmingham Hotel Plaza
   (four blocks northwest of City Hotel)
hot temperatures with scattered clouds of bright sunlight
swimming pool setting
02:36 p.m.


Around the swimming pool, a new musical song starts to play for all the guests. 
The musical song entitled I Got You, Babe coming from the studio album Look at Us and was released on July 9, 1965 by the American musical folk rock band named Sonny & Cher. The song was composed and produced band singer Sonny Bono. The musical song recorded for 03 minutes and 11 seconds.


They say, we’re young and we don’t know
We won’t find out, until we grow
Well, I don’t know, if all that’s true
Cause, you got me. And, baby, I got you

Babe
I got you, babe; I got you, babe!

They say our love won’t pay the rent
Before it’s earned, our money’s all been spent
I guess that’s so, we don’t have a pot
But, at least, I’m sure of all the things, we got

Babe
I got you, babe; I got you, babe!

I got flowers, in the spring, I got you to wear my ring
And when I’m sad, “You’re a clown.”
And if I get scared, you’re always around
So, let them say, “Your hair’s too long!”
Cause, I don't care, with you I can't go wrong
Then put your little hand in mine
There ain’t no hill or mountain, we can’t climb

Babe
I got you, babe; I got you, babe!

I got you to hold my hand
I got you to understand
I got you to walk with me
I got you to talk with me
I got you to kiss goodnight
I got you to hold me tight
I got you, I won’t let go
I got you to love me so

I got you babe
I got you babe
I got you babe
I got you babe
I got you babe


Inside the yellow-tinted beach lounge chair, at a new hotel setting, Flamingo slams the roaming multi-colored rubber beach ball back towards the swimming pool and then sips the cold bottle of beer while playing with a group of cute female teenagers, who bob up and down on the shallow side of the hotel pool.
He checked out from City Hotel at 12:33 p.m. and then sat on top of the solar bicycle holding his three bags with all his personal new clothes and all his new college books, slowly performing a putt-putt down the end of the parallel street and then found a new hotel building.
However, Flamingo is still worried. His two brothers and their family friend Tommy Lee will show up and try to kidnap his body, taking Flamingo back home to see his mother Arie, for some strange reason.
Flamingo does not have a single word to say with his mother and does not want any interaction with his mother. He’s happy here. The sun is hot. The teens are hotter. And he’s having fun without studying for a test or fighting with a brother or obeying his bossy mother. Flamingo is a new man and has changed both his wardrobe and his attitude.
He is free to do as he pleases. Yeah, he’s still mad about the sports car, but the car belongs to his mother, not his person. He enjoyed the car for two years, but he can afford to buy a vehicle with his new inheritance money, next week.
Today, he’s playing in the heated sun with the row of cute teen girls, without a kiss or a promised date tonight. He is a high school graduate and is eighteen years old and is an adult with a set of concerned adult worries, regarding an underage pre-teen girl. He’ll wait and inspect all the eighteen-year-old college girls.
He finishes the beer and lifts his arm in the air. The cute waitress comes over and winks at Flamingo. He tips her with a twenty-dollar bill and grabs another chilly sweaty bottle of beer. The waitress spins around with a smile and pays the beer with the twenty-dollar bill from the cute male and then keeps the change as her generous tip.
Flamingo sips the beverage and then hits the beach ball back to the row of cute teens, smiling in the heated sun and softly states. “This is the life!”


Lacy Springs Hospital
   (93 miles north of Birmingham)
hot temperatures with scattered clouds of bright sunlight
hospital inpatient room
03:58 p.m.


Inside the hospital room, Breck sits on top of hard stool and holds Arie’s still hand leaning down, softly voicing into her smooth cheekbone. “Mama, Flamingo is coming here. He is on this way right now. I think he will be here in a few more minutes. Flamingo will speak to you. Or I will break his arm, but it won’t hurt a tough-ass Flamingo. Then he will say, he loves you, and he will apology for making you cry. Then he will kiss your cheek. Then you will awaken. Then we will become a happy family again,” he exhales with a huff of hope.
Cinco sits on the opposite side of Arie on top of a similar hard stool and holds her still hand, smiling with happiness, whispering into her eardrum. “Mama, Flamingo is coming here to see you. I know he loves you. He is really sorry for everything. He is mad. You are mad. So, both of you can make up and be happy again. I want my happy family back,” he exhales with a huff of hope also.
The hospital door swings open.
Tommy Lee storms into the hospital room and yells out loud, “What in the hell…?”
A.J. enters the room and stands in front of Tommy Lee, shoving the sheriff away from Arie and then orders. “Not here! Take it from here and in the hallway!”
Cinco slowly stands upright from the short stool staring with a puzzled brow at Tommy Lee and asks. “Where’s Flamingo?”
Tommy Lee back steps with a sneer from the room and stands outside the hospital door, staring at Cinco in silence.
A.J. spins around and thumbs back over his collar bone, wearing a stern face and states. “Flamingo is not here with us. Cinco and Breck, we need to ask you some questions. Come outside the room! I do not want to disturb Arie,” he spins around and exits the room also.
Inside the hospital room, at the bedside, Breck slowly stands upright from the short stool and turns to see Cinco. They both wear a puzzled face in silence.
Cinco moves away from Arie first and storms ahead producing a sour frown and a sneer, heading towards the open archway, starting to yell at the two adults. “Where’s Flamingo? Flamingo has to come here. Mama can’t be moved. She has to hear his voice. Then, she’ll wake up,” he exits the hospital room.
Breck spins around and chases after Flamingo, exiting the hospital room.
They move down the empty hallway and advance towards the side wall, where Tommy Lee and A.J. are sitting on top of a solid gray-tinted long sofas, bumping their heads together while softly whispering with a set of secret words.
Cinco stops first and sneers down at the black-colored hair roots on A.J. He shouted, “Where in the hell is Flamingo?” Breck stands beside Cinco and stares in silence at both men.
Tommy Lee stares down at the floor and states expressing his fury. “Flamingo ain’t here. Are you deaf or blind, boy?” He looks up and sneers at Cinco.
“Enough, Tommy Lee!” A.J. shouts and shakes his skull presenting a stern face and points to the loveseat, on the side wall. “Go and grab and pull that love seat in front of us, Cinco.”
Breck back steps, rushes to the side wall, and then man-pulls the loveseat into a parallel pose in front of the long sofa, sitting down with silence confusion. Cinco continues to stand and growls in fury at Tommy Lee.
“Sit down, Cinco!” A.J. orders then exhales in worry and presents a sour frown. “Listen! Flamingo is not here. But before you yell or fight with at me or Tommy Lee, you must hear the story.”
Cinco sits down and stares at the face on A.J. and the brown-tinted hair roots on Tommy Lee.
A.J. nods and states. “This is the summary form. The story does not matter. I have a list of questions that needs to be addressed next. We arrived at the Birmingham Police Station. His sports car was impounded. Flamingo was not arrested. The captain and his fleet of smart cops figured out our slick illegal phony fake arrest plan. Tommy Lee was handed his ass on top of a silver platter for breaking numerous police protocols. Flamingo told half of the story to the arresting police officers. We finished his storyline. Then the police department provided us Flamingo’s new place, a hotel room. Flamingo had paid with cash and moved his person to a second hotel, where he had paid with cash again. His hotel bill for two days was fifteen hundred dollars.”
Cinco gasps. Breck stares.
A.J. says. “Flamingo has also purchased a new wardrobe of clothes. And the trash can was filled with fast food boxes. So, Flamingo is not starving for food either. We got into his old hotel room and grabbed a pile of old clothing featuring all stinky his vile-worded shirts and old pair of dirty cargo pants. So, Flamingo knew that we would come looking for him. So, he has changed his clothes and has jumped to a third hotel somewhere there near Burn U, after the police encounter and losing his car,” he exhales. “Now, why does Flamingo possess pockets of excessive amounts of cash? The working theory was that Flamingo ran out of money or held very little cash. His bank card had been stolen and he could not pay for another hotel room. So, he was living in his car like a homeless person. I wanna point out fifteen hundred dollars is a lot of money to pay for a hotel room. And he paid in cash money. I had pretended to be his father. The clerk verified the receipt and payment of money. And he is not starving for food and now dresses nicely, probably.”
Breck frowns then softly states. “I don’t know.”
Tommy Lee looks up to see Breck and then asks. “Did Flamingo store cash monies inside his car? The car is gone now. But he could have accessed the cash monies from his glove compartment or underneath his driver’s seat, before the tow truck took his car to the police impound lot.”
“No.” He states and shakes his head skull. “We pay using our student bank card. I mean, we can take out cash from the bank machine at the bank and then pocket the cash, but Mama knows. She monitors our bank account. If one of us removes all five hundred dollars on our student bank card from the bank machine, then she comes around asking us why.”
Cinco nods then says. “We don’t need to store or save cash monies. Mama gives us everything we need, including any extra cash monies, once we explain what the money is used or needed for. I don’t understand either. How did Flamingo have in his possession over 1,500 dollars on his person for a hotel bill plus purchasing fast food items, plus buying new clothes?”
A.J. nods then asks. “Did one of Flamingo’s high school friends offer their allowance monies to him right before the trial? Would Violet had given cash monies to Flamingo?”
Breck says. “Naw! Our friends don’t pocket that kind of cash. Also, we’re not allowed to except monies from friends or other family members, only Mama…”
“Iredell.” A.J. states.
Breck replies. “Naw! Grandmother supported Flamingo, but she would not have provided thousands of dollars for her grandson to escape and shuck off his teenly responsibilities here in Lacy Springs. None of the grandparents would disobey Mama’s rules regarding her three sons.”
A.J. nods several times and then exhales with a huff of frustration. He says, “You’re right, Breck! I’m only worried about Arie. I’m not thinking straight right now.”
Cinco looks down at the floor and then whips out his mobile telephone, typing on the keyboard, viewing the tiny screen. He gasps then shouts, “Geez! Look at this, Breck!” He leans over and shows his brother the information on the screen.
Breck looks down at the screen and gasps in shock and then looks up to see at A.J., returning back with a confused brow to see the screen, pointing at the mobile telephone. He expresses, “Well, I don’t know how. But Cinco has brought up his personal bank account that was setup by Mama years. The current amount of cash money is 250,000 dollars.”
Cinco nods then says. “Last week, my personal bank account contained 500 dollars for me to use and Mama to replenish.”
A.J. gasps in shock and then stands upright from the chair moving ahead, spinning around and stares at Tommy Lee then the two brothers. He explains, “Well, I can explain all of this. The triplet sons turned eighteen years old, in the month of April. Arie told me that she was signing papers to transfer more money into each your bank account, for your college expenses, only. She does not want to manage your money. She wants you to learn and manage your money. So, each bank account has been loaded up with 250,000 dollars. That amount is the limit the U.S. Federal Government pays you, if the U.S. Economy crashes down, again, like it did in the 1929 Stock Market Crash, which is an old and outdated law. So, now, we have the answer to question number one. I’m so sorry, Tommy Lee. I forgot about that money transfer. So, Flamingo has a bank account of 250,000 dollars, which are unlimited funds for an eighteen-year-old college student.”
Tommy Lee shakes his skull and asks Breck. “How did he get enough cash from Friday night, when his bank card was stolen to pay one thousand dollars for his personal hotel bill on Sunday morning? The banks are closed today.”
Cinco looks down and types on the tiny keyboard, viewing the tiny screen saying with a stern face. “I’m going to find out that answer. I pulled up my personal bank account. It says here. My daily cash limit on my personal bank account is three hundred dollars per day. So, I can withdraw that amount out from the cash machine. But I can go into the bank to the teller counter and receive one thousand dollars in cash-per-day from my personal bank account. I didn’t know that. Did you know that, Breck?” He looks up and stares at Breck.
Breck shakes his bone skull in silence and whips out his mobile telephone typing on the tiny keyboard, reading the screen in silence. Then he types some more and then stops to read the screen in silence. He stands upright from the loveseat and turns, dashing back down the hallway towards Arie, entering into her hospital room.
Inside the hallway, on top of the long gray tinted sofa, A.J. frowns then shouts. “Damn! Well, now, we know. Flamingo does have an unlimited supple of cash money. He can run and hide anywhere in the big bad city of Birmingham. It would take a fleet of men and cars to find him. I don’t know…”
“I do know this.” Cinco nods then states. “Flamingo can travel by foot, only so far, even in his new clothes. This is the month of May. The weather’s sizzling hot. No one ventures outside, unless you’re prepared to work outside. He might have more cash money, but he does not have a credit card or his bank card that can provide more freedom of movement. He can’t get that far. When we traveled down with Mama, she became lost numerous times within the city streets. Flamingo does not know where to go, also, unless he studies the geographical street maps. And he ditched his cell phone like a dumbass,” he laughs along with the others.
Cinco continues, “So, Flamingo is both alone and lost. He has to take a taxi cab, which is more money to go around all the city streets. The city of Birmingham is not a typical metro city. The streets are confusing. The businesses around Burn U are small Mom and Pop stores. So, if he wanted to buy a car or rent an apartment, he’d have to take a taxi cab, which is more money and more time, and then live within one of the other suburban type residential places, which is more money too. So, time is against both of us. I believe that Flamingo will stay put and wait until college starts. He’ll go to the university and try to get a dorm room. He can do that and might get lucky. Some of the kids back out and then there’s an available dorm room.”
“We need to find him now.” A.J. states then frowns.
Tommy Lee frowns then states. “Flamingo does not have a car. But he can go and buy a car with an electronic wire transfer for thirty thousand dollars on Monday morning, at nine o’clock, when a car dealership opens with a bank institution. He has his own money in the bank.”
Cinco nods then says. “Then, we need to get back down there before Monday morning at nine and find his ass floating around the hotels and the Burn U campus.”
A.J. nods then asks. “How do we do that, Cinco?”
Breck returns back and stands beside the loveseat, saying with a smile. “I hit the internet waves using my cell phone as I’m not a dumb shit,” he laughs along with the others. “The center location of City Hotel is near Burn U and the internet scan has identified ten more hotels, where Flamingo can be hiding out or running inside. I agree with Cinco. Flamingo has limited amount of money and no time. He’s going to sit still or stand around his new hotel room and wait for June, the first, which is the first day of college classes. Then he’ll try to find a dorm room with another college student, until he buys another car. He wants to start college more than buy a car. So, Cinco and I will go down to the city of Birmingham, this time. He’ll be looking for A.J. and can easily spot Tommy Lee from a mile away with his walk and his talk and his manners. But we can walk around the city streets, like a couple of lost new Burn U students. Then we go into the other ten hotels and find Flamingo.”
Cinco turns and frowns, asking Breck. “How are we going to find Flamingo inside a hotel with fifteen stores of room?”
Tommy Lee smiles then states, “Well, you can stake out the lobby setting for hours. Flamingo will eventually come out from his room and walk around in the sunshine for a while. Flamingo isn’t the type to sit inside a room with four dark walls, if the hotel has a swimming pool. Wait! Flamingo will there be at the swimming pool in the hot sunshine and drinking an illegal beer.”
Breck nods with a smile then says. “Or I can pretend to be Flamingo and walk up to the registration desk and ask for a duplicate key as Flamingo has lost his set.”
Cinco frowns then asks. “How can you do that? How is that possible?”
Breck removes his boots and then wiggles his naked toes lifting up one of his pant legs, plopping a red-tinted baseball cap ass-backwards over his hair roots and forehead and then winks at Cinco. He asks, “Who do I look like?”
Cinco laughs then shouts, “Flamingo! You look just like Flamingo.”
Breck smiles and removes the baseball cap, slipping back on his boots and informs. “We’re triplets. We all look alike from the same zygote.”
“Hey! I retrieved a pile of Flamingo’s old stinky clothing from his abandoned hotel room. Each one of you should wear his old clothing as you track him down. He’ll go mentally brain dead, when he sees both of ya’ll dressed like him.” A.J. states then laughs along with the others.
“Yeah, that’s a great idea. Let’s go right now! Ten hotels stand around the Burn U campus grounds. He has rented a room in two of them already, so that leaves only eight more hotels to investigate, which takes two minutes. Eight times two equal sixteen. We can find his ass less than fifteen minutes. I bet,” Cinco state then laughs along with Breck.
“No!” Tommy Lee hollers and stands upright from the sofa shaking both his hands and his skull, looking down at his wrist watch, returning back to see Breck and Cinco. “The time is after four-thirty in the afternoon…”
Cinco frowns then says. “There’s plenty of daylight to drive down to Birmingham, find Flamingo and bring him back here. Mama will become awaken before sunset. The sun falls down at eight o’clock in the late evening.”
He nods and states. “Yes, I know that. However, the drive is ninety miles from here to Birmingham. Do not get a speeding ticket, Breck. You carry around a set of hand guns inside the truck. And that’s Arie’s truck, not yours. That’s how we got his sports car. Now, Flamingo is walking around in his nasty flip-flops. Driving the speed limit will take you ninety minutes to reach the outskirts of Birmingham. Then you must slowly drive around to find the first hotel, which is another fifteen minutes. Then the time is six-thirty in the evening. Yeah, the sun shines brightly. But this is a Sunday night. Working people eat and go home by six o’clock, because Monday is a working day for the working class. You are a pair of Burn U students, which is true. However, Burn U is closed between the spring and summer sessions. If you are really a waiting student to start next session, you’ll be sunburned and drunk in your room by five o’clock, not entering into the lobby announcing a lost hotel key.
“The hotel security guard team looks for things like that, in a world of thievery and robbery around every city street corner. If you enter a lobby and announce you lost your key, then the clerk can’t find your name. The clerk will report you for suspicious activity. Then the hotel security will take both of you in for questioning on their private property. Once you can’t remember the hotel floor of your room or explain something different that doesn’t fit, the security guard team will think that you are pair of hotel thieves and have you arrested and booked for that same charge. And A.J. and I can’t come down the same police station and pick you up. Then A.J. and I will be sharing the same jail cell,” he laughs along with A.J.
Tommy Lee continues. “So, both of you traveling down to Birmingham tonight is out of the question. Now, go home and wash Flamingo’s dirty clothes for tomorrow’s play. Leave out from Lacy Springs at six o’clock. You will arrive using the speed limit 90 minutes later, around 07:30 am. So, stop and eat at one of the fast food restaurants in Birmingham. You can watch the traffic flow and see if Flamingo picks that place to eat. Based on the dirty contents inside the messy hotel room trash can, Flamingo eats out a lot. The hotel restaurant food meals are very expensive. Room service is also expensive and very slow. Flamingo has limited amounts of cash during the day, until he can go to the bank Monday morning at nine o’clock to withdraw more cash. Now, park inside the crowded parking lot away from the entrance door at your first hotel and wait inside the truck, so Flamingo can’t see the truck. And see if Flamingo comes out first, then you can snatch him from the pavement, but don’t hurt this face, so he can talk or moan to Arie,” he laughs along with the others.
He smiles. “However, if you don’t see come outside Flamingo first, then ya’ll go inside the hotel lobby and act like a pair of silly high school teens, talking on your cell phone, laughing loud, strutting cool, not really listening. Then, the front desk registration clerk at each hotel will perceive you as a pair of dumb shit new college students, who really did lose their hotel key card,” he laughs along with the others.
AJ nods then states. “Once you find the right hotel, what are you going to do?”
Cinco laughs then says. “Barge into the room and then hog-tie Flamingo! He won’t escape from us, right Breck?”
“Right, Cinco!” Breck states then laughs. “Is it okay for us to dress alike?”
“Yes, that’ll complete the dumb shit college student persona for the front desk registration clerk,” Tommy Lee states then laughs.
Breck frowns then asks. “What about driving Mama’s pickup truck? Am I in danger of getting a ticket with her hand guns?”
He nods and orders. “Go and remove all her hand guns tonight from her truck for safety. Drive underneath the speed limit! You’ll be fine.”
A.J. nods and asks. “Do you have money? Do you need anything from me?”
Breck nods then states. “No. We have money. I’ll top off the gasoline tank later this evening.”
Tommy Lee nods with a stern face then states. “I really hate that my arrest plan went to shit. Flamingo outsmarted me. He’s a real asshole, like his father. A.J. and I can’t come with you on your hotel mission. The entire Birmingham police department knows our faces and our farts. So, we’re sending you out alone and unarmed. However, A.J. and I are going to go and sit inside my office at the police station at seven in the morning. Arie is fine here. She has been here, since Thursday afternoon. The medical staff is trained and knows what to do. They’ve been checking on her every hour. You know that. Now, you, two call me on my cell phone or A.J., if there’s a problem down there in Birmingham. Then, A.J. and I will come to the rescue. How does that sound? And go and look inside my police car in the trunk. The door is unlocked. Flamingo’s nasty pile of clothes was there. Please, take them!” He says then laughs.
Cinco nods then says. “It sounds like we got a plan. I’m ready to roll for tomorrow.”
Breck nods then states. “We need to leave. We got lots to do before tomorrow morning. Thanks, Tommy Lee! We really appreciate all of your help and police advice.”
Tommy Lee leans over and hugs Breck and then Cinco, pulling back with a nod. He says, “I’ve known ya’ll, since three tiny ticks. Me and your daddy were tight as two thieves, when we were two wild ass teens. I promised your mother, that I’d watch over each one of you, if something ever happened...” he exhales. “I never break my promise.”
Cinco nods then says. “Thank you, Tommy Lee!”
A.J. nods with a smile then states. “I’m staying here with Arie. You, two go and get ready for your day trip tomorrow. If you need anything, call Tommy Lee.”
Tommy Lee nods then says. “Yeah, call me!”
Breck back steps and faces the elevator door. He doesn’t need any of his possessions from the hospital room for the day trip to metro city Birmingham. If he’s not success in finding Flamingo, Breck will need these possessions and more as he’ll be living in that hospital room with his mother Arie.
Cinco nods to each man and back steps, facing the elevator door, moving ahead with his brother Breck and exhales with both worry and hope. He wonders if the emotions of worry and hope do not cancel each other out as he tries to find Flamingo tomorrow morning in Birmingham. He frowns then asks. “How hard will this be to pretend to be a pair of college students and trace down Flamingo in eight different hotels, Breck?”
Breck stares at the closed elevator door and says. “You start the laundry washing machine and clean Flamingo’s clothes. I’ll go and get more money and gasoline for the tank and then start removing each gun from mama’s truck. I have money too. We need to bring snacks and cold beverages. It’s going get hot as hell tomorrow afternoon. I don’t wanna time hunting down food, when I wanna hunt down Flamingo. So, after the laundry task, go and pack up the coolers with both food and beverages.” He feels both worry and nervousness.
Cinco stares at the closed elevator door too and says. “I’ll start to scout out a layout of the first to last hotel, so we’re not running around in the heated sun. Maybe, we’ll get lucky and find Flamingo at the first hotel.”
He nods then says. “I really hope so. I really wanna beat the shit outta of his ass but can’t. So, we need to bring a set of thin raw ropes to tie both of his ankles and wrist bones. I do not want him escaping out from our truck or here in the hospital parking lot, without talking to Mama first.”
Cinco smiles then says, “Me, either!”

At 04:44 p.m., the elevator door slides open. The carriage is empty. They enter inside. Cinco reaches over and presses the button for the first floor, standing upright and stares at the rear wall inside the carriage. He asks, “If Flamingo is success with Mama, what then?”
Breck frowns at the rear wall also and then comments. “We turn Flamingo loose and fancy free. If that boy wants to live, without us, then so be it. I don’t give a shit. Flamingo has caused enough trouble here.”
Cinco frowns. “Well, Flamingo didn’t really cause any trouble here. But his attitude towards Mama is unacceptable. Mama fell in love with that cute baby. But she should have been more open-minded like me and you, Breck. You found that legal piece of medical evidence that saved Flamingo’s ass. How did you find that, Breck?”
He frowns. “It was luck. I was bored and tired of the silly fake court trial. Then I was frustrated with Flamingo’s hired, highly paid arrogant lawyer. That bitch did nothing to help Flamingo. That was her client and she didn’t even believe her client, even with the pile of Mama’s money. I just started reading through all the available reports from the prosecution team. I really was trying not to think about Flamingo as a newish father. He…we are too young for fatherhood. As my mind concentrated on each report, that was useless, I found the earwax one. I started reading it and then realized there were two types of earwax. The internet article explained that most people possess wet earwax, which is yellow tinted and sticky. The damn DNA report showed the earwax from the baby was dry. Common sense told me that wet and dry are not equal. They are opposite.”

At 04:52 p.m., the carriage stops. The elevator door slides open into an empty lobby. Cinco and Breck exit the carriage and move across an empty lobby into the bright sunlight.
Breck nods. “His lawyer didn’t even read the set of genetic medical reports. I was afraid to show Toluene that specific genetics report. She would blow it off and then blow Flamingo’s only chance of getting out of that fatherhood thing. So, I stood up from my chair. I didn’t know if the judge would object or what. I’m not a trained or licensed Alabama lawyer. So, the judge allowed to me talk out loud. Then I questioned Flamingo. Then our medical pediatrician came to the rescue. I’m glad that he was listening to my speech and that medical information. He was truly the one that took over and proved Flamingo’s innocence.”

At 04:55 pm, they exit the building and advance towards the illegal parked police car first near the building structure, within a heated day with bright sunlight. They split apart and meet at the rear trunk on the police car first. Cinco stops and reaches down, opening up the trunk lid, looking down into the floor with a smile. “Naw, Breck! You came to the rescue for Flamingo first.”
Breck leans down and exhales a heavy breath, frowning down at the dirty pile of stinky clothes. He leans down and grabs the pile, standing upright with a stern face. “I saved Flamingo and then I almost killed Mama. I didn’t think Mama would start my truck and try to drive ahead. She can’t see over the engine hood without a pair of clear eyes,” he back steps from the open trunk bed wearing a worried brow and then spins around, moving ahead towards an empty hospital parking lot.
Cinco reaches up and slams down the trunk lid on the police car, spinning around, moving ahead. He pulls up beside Breck and shuffles ahead toward the parked white-tinted pickup truck that belongs to Arie. “Mama loves us, equally, Breck. Her other son was both hurt and mad. She had to find Flamingo to make her feel better. That’s what a mother does.”
Breck stops and stands by the passenger door, holding the pile of stinky clothes. Cinco reaches over and opens the door. Breck tosses the pile of dirty clothes towards the center of the bench seat, back stepping, spinning around in silence.
Cinco climbs inside and shoves the pile of dirty clothes closer to Breck. Breck arrives and opens the driver’s door and climbs behind the steering wheel, starting the engine. Cinco seats in the front passenger seat and stares at the hospital building saying with a stern face, “Look! All of this and that is the past. Yesterday’s gone. Today’s here. Tomorrow, we find Flamingo. I always look forward to tomorrow, because it’ll be better than today.”
Breck slowly drives ahead around the parked vehicles saying with a sour frown, “Yeah!”
Monday May 18th


Birmingham Plaza
hot temperatures with bright sunshine
veranda entrance
09:43 a.m.


Flamingo slowly strolls through the entrance door and holds a sack of cold food and an empty cup of ice cubes, wearing a newly purchased pair of dark-tinted sunglasses, hearing the familiar country musical song. 
The musical song entitled Dirt on the Bottle was released on August 7, 1995 coming from the studio album named Out with a Bang, by the American country musical sing and songwriter David Lee Murphy. The musical song was produced by Tom Brown.
The musical song was written in fifteen minutes, while singer and songwriter David Lee Murphy was playing his guitar, at the kitchen table, in his personal homestead.


Creole Williams lived down a dirt road
Made homemade wine, like nobody, I know
Dropped by one Friday night and said, “Can you help me, Creole?”
Got a little girl waiting on me and I want to treat her right"

I got what you need son, it’s sitting down in the cellar
He reached through the cobwebs as he turned on the light and said
There might be a little dust on the bottle
But don’t let it fool you about what’s inside
There might be a little dust on the bottle
It’s one of those things that gets sweeter with time

She was sitting in the porch swing as I pulled up the driveway
My old heart was racing as she climbed inside
She slid over real close and drove down to the lake road

Watched the sun fade in that big red sky
I reached under the front seat and said, “Now, here’s something special
It’s just been waiting for a night like tonight.”
There might be a little dust on the bottle
But don't let it fool ya about what's inside
There might be a little dust on the bottle
It’s one of those things that gets sweeter with time

You’re still with me, and we’ve made some memories
After all these years, there’s one thing, I’ve found
Some say good love, well, it’s like a fine wine
It keeps getting better as the days go by

There might be a little dust on the bottle
But don’t let it fool you about what’s inside
There might be a little dust on the bottle
It’s one of those things that gets sweeter with time

There might be a little dust on the bottle
But don't let it fool ya about what's inside
There might be a little dust on the bottle
It’s one of those things that gets sweeter with time

Don’t let it fool you


Flamingo wears a black-tinted Burn U tee shirt, an ass-backwards, a black-tinted baseball cap over his long blonde hair strands, a pair of tan-colored walking shorts, a pair of yellow-tinted running shoes and a face and body of sweat.
His selected hotel is further away from the row of fast food restaurants, which would have been faster, if he had owned a car, but he does not.
He selected a solar bike at the street corner from the metal rake and then slowly performed a putt-putt down the end of the long street through heavy traffic to the first fast food restaurant for the breakfast meal. He paid for the sack of food and then sat down on top of the bike seat. His selected bike had not been recharged by the free sunlight.
Within the metal rake, each vetted slot links to a metal plug on the front tire.
Some stupid idiot had not jammed the bike back into the slot improperly. Thus, his selected bike did not crank back up with the free solar power energy. And the rest of the metal rake was empty without an additional powered solar bike. So, Flamingo had to huff it on foot walking three city blocks within the blistering morning heat back to his selected hotel.
Inside the lobby setting, the cold air-conditioning starts to mat all the sweat balls onto his wet face, neck and both of his arms. He slowly strolls towards the elevator door and then stops, waiting on the carriage. He slurps on the last taste of sweet tea for his dry tongue, making a funny noise.
The elevator carriage opens with a crowd of people. He enters and spins around, shouting out loud, “Floor eleven, please!” Then he hears the familiar country musical song.
The musical song entitled Dirt on my Boots was released on September 19, 2016 coming from the studio album named California Sunrise, by the American country musical artist Jon Pardi. The song was written by Rhett Akins, Jesse Frasure, and Gorley Ashley. The musical song was produced by Bart Butler and Jon Pardi.


Been up, since the crack of dawn
Just trying to get paid
Been hotter than a hundred suns
I can’t find no shade
Just two more roads and I’m good to go
Yeah! I’m shutting this tractor down
Get me a half an hour for a shave and a shower
And I’ll be outside your house

Might have a little dirt on my boots
But I’m taking you uptown tonight
Might have a little mud on my wheels
But they’re gonna shine with you’re up inside
Gonna hit the club, gonna cut a rug
Burn it up like neon lights
Might have a little dirt on my boots
But we’re gonna dance the dust right off them tonight (Yeah, girl!)
Got a little dirt on my boots

Hard as I worked all day
I’m gonna work harder loving on you
Spin you all over that dance floor
Right out of them high heel shoes
And when you’re ready to quit
Baby, we can slip right out of that bar room door
And when I take you home, don’t worry, babe
I’m gonna kick them off on the porch

Might have a little dirt on my boots
But I’m taking you uptown tonight
Might have a little mud on my wheels
But they’re gonna shine with you’re up inside
Gonna hit the club, gonna cut a rug
Burn it up like neon lights
Might have a little dirt on my boots
But we’re gonna dance the dust right off them tonight (Yeah, girl!)
Got a little dirt on my boots

A little dirty dancing, blue collar romancing
I can get cleaned up, if you ask me
But I can only get so fancy

Got a little dirt on my boots
But I’m taking you uptown tonight
Might have a little mud on my wheels
But they’re gonna shine with you're up inside
Gonna hit the club, gonna cut a rug
Burn it up like neon lights
Might have a little dirt on my boots
But we’re gonna dance the dust right off them tonight (Yeah, girl!)
Got a little dirt on my boots
Got a little dirt on my boots
Got a little dirt on my boots


At 09:50 a.m., the elevator doors slowly close shut. The carriage lifts up to the next floor. The carriage lands on the 6th floor.
Flamingo smiles with happiness and slowly struts ahead mumbling to his eardrums only. “These two country songs sound sorta like. But I like both of them.” He halts and fumbles for the hotel key standing in front of the closed door, sliding the key down into the slot. The little light does not turn green for open.
He frowns then whispers. “Shit! They say bad things happen in threes. I can’t find a food place. I can’t find a transport. I can’t enter my suite. Boom!” He slides the hotel flat electronic key again. The door slowly cracks open. Flamingo shoves the door open with his foot and stands inside the open archway, blinking his two eyeballs at a ceiling of bright blinding lights, inside his private hotel rental room.
Inside the brightly lit and cool air-conditioned room, Cinco stands in front of the long set of dark colored curtains, so Flamingo cannot miss his smile. He wiggles the paper book near his jaw line then yells. “Flamingo, ya fuckingly bastard, you stole all of my novels about The Quartet from my private bedroom at home in Lacy Springs.”
Flamingo stands in the open archway and gasps in shock at Cinco then hollers back. “Shit! How…how in the hell did you invade my hotel room? Why…why do you look me? Why are you wearing my old shitty clothes? I left…” He turns shaking his curls and stares at the darkened wall corner between the wall of viewing glass windows and the side wall. “No! This is a different hotel room. I am most assuredly positive!”
“Hey, man! The musical beat on the two country songs Dirt on the Bottle and Dirt on my Boots kinda, sorta sound alike, to you, don’t you think so, man?” Breck voices and stands at the edge of the bed mattress and then laughs out loud, reaching up and touches an ass-backwards baseball cap on top of his bone skull, where Breck looks like his middle triple brother Flamingo. He turns facing Flamingo and ten asks. “Do you remember me, sweetheart? I lost my hotel key…”
“Fuck!” Flamingo shouts out loud as his brain cells kick into action, turning to stare at Breck and rears back his arm, pitching the tall cup of ice cubes at Breck, hitting the vile dirty word on the red-colored tee shirt on Breck’s chest. Breck continues to stand and gasps in alarm looking down at the wet, cold mysterious liquid on his shirt and feels shocked and stunned.
At the open archway, Flamingo rears back his other arm and tosses the warm sack of food at Cinco. The food flies open and hits Cinco in the face, then his chest, and finally his leg. Cinco fumbles both of his hands to protect his face at the set of mysterious items, catching the one food item and smashes the wet sticky items with all his finger pads, sounding with a series of angry sneers.
At the open archway, Flamingo uses and abuses his clever non-violent diversion, spinning around, releasing his vile laughter and leaves his hotel room. He races ahead down towards the exit door wearing his new pair of yellow running shoes. He had planned a slick escape route, in case, either his two brothers or A.J. showed up here in Birmingham, like right now.
Inside the hotel room, Cinco races ahead from the rear wall and dark curtain sounding with a set of loud snarl and forcefully shoves Breck towards the open door. He yells, “We blew our cover. Go and get him! Flamingo’s getting away.” Breck exits the room first and stops with Cinco looking for Flamingo.
At the end of hallway, Flamingo slams open the exit door and runs down the concrete staircase, nicely sticking his foot onto each slick concrete step while laughing out loud.
“There! He’s going through the exit door.” Cinco points and races ahead down the hallway towards Flamingo, passing Breck, reaching the exit door first.
Inside the ascending staircase, Flamingo continues down a winding stairwell towards the ground floor.
On top of the stairwell platform, at the 11th floor, Cinco swiftly rushes down each step first and chases after Flamingo while sounding with a set of sneers. Breck carefully follows behind Cinco in a pair of flip-flops also.
At the bottom of the flat stairwell, Flamingo hits the exit door with laughter and exits the hotel building, quickly racing ahead, crossing a dangerous busy city street and dodges the stream of horning car and runs onto the Burn U campus grounds.
Inside the stairwell, Cinco and Breck slowly stomp down the same concrete steps and chase after Flamingo exiting the building and then halt. They turn and look for Flamingo.
Cinco spots Flamingo and then starts to swiftly race ahead, crossing the busy city street also, scooting around each rolling car while chasing after his brother.

At 10:03 a.m., on the top of Birmingham University campus with nicely manicured grass blades, within a heated day, his flip-flops hit the slick grass on top of the Burn U campus, tripping over his feet, gasping in alarm. Breck follows behind Cinco and then trips forward, hitting Cinco, tossing both of his arms in the air. Breck tries to control his upright balance.
Flamingo spins around and points at his two brothers, laughing out loud with amusement, back stepping in his pair of yellow tinted running shoes.
On top of the slick grass, Cinco tosses off each flip-flop and then races on a pair of naked feet, slamming into face on Flamingo. They collide, tumble down, and then roll on top of the nicely manicured green grass, shouting out loud with sneers.
Cinco yells. “You’re coming back home with me, Flamingo!”
Flamingo shouts. “No! Go away, Cinco!”
“Flamingo, stop it! Come back with us!” Breck hollers then captures his upright balance and dashes ahead falling down on top of Flamingo, also, slamming his fist into the exposed chest on his brother. He hits the chest cavity of Cinco, by mistake.
“Ugh!” Cinco grunts out loud and gasps for breath, covering his guts, resting on top of Flamingo.
Flamingo rests on his back spine and kicks out one yellow tinted athletic shoe at a time, punching at Breck, hitting air molecules. Breck continues to jerk side to side with laughter. Flamingo pitches his folded fist and hits the rib cage on Breck.
Breck tumbles sideways and then lands on top of the Cinco. Cinco reacts with confusion tossing both of his arms and legs in the air, hitting at Breck, by mistake, of course.
A loud siren of whistles coming from a rooftop of white and green lights twirl on top of a police car and as the vehicle swiftly steers ahead toward the flat, manicured lawn at Burn U campus grounds.
Flamingo stands upright in a doggie style pose then starts to swiftly crawl ahead on his ten fingers and his shoe soles on top of the manicured grass and away from the stationary heap of arms and legs formation from his two biological brothers. He clears the heap then swiftly stands upright from the ground, spinning around, racing ahead towards the metal rack of solar bikes. He collides into the tiny exhibition and reaches down, jerking a bike out and presses the button rolling the powered bike over the smooth concrete. He sits down on top of the solar bicycle, bouncing up and down in vile laughter, gliding the machine around the opposite side of tall, red-coated brick building that stands in front of the manicured green colored grass and the walking vanilla-colored sideway.
Flamingo disappears behind the building away from the naked eyeballs of the campus police officers, too, while laughing out loud with amusement.
The campus police patrol car skids to a stop over the smooth gray parking lot pavement. Two doors open at the same time. A pair of older, overweight campus police officers pace ahead and then stops standing over a lump of Breck and Cinco.
The older, fatter campus police officer waves his hand and yells with a sneer. “Get up from the grass, boys! What are ya’ll doing out here? The Burn U campus is closed for the spring session.”
The second old and less fat campus police officer leans down and grabs a waving arm on Breck and then grunts out loud without lifting the young teen male upwards from the grass. He stands upright and shouts in angry. “Stand up, teen! Who are you? Stop fighting! Get up! Ya’ll are both under arrest for distributing the peace here on the peaceful Burn U campus.”
Cinco and Breck roll over the grass and then struggle upright standing apart from each other and exhales with heavy breathes while staring at the two police officers in silence.
The older and fatter campus police officer points at the teens with loud laughter. “Look at the cute set of twins! Who are you? Gimme some identification here!”
Breck reaches down into one of the pockets wearing a worried brow and pulls out his driver’s license and his new Burn U identification badge, without speaking, handing to the first police officer. Cinco copies the same movement and hands the items to the second police officer.
Each police officer studies the items in silence.
The lead police officer points at the two items. “It says here. Are you’re from the city of Lacy Springs? So, do you start Burn U classes this summer?”
Breck nods then answers. “Yes sir!”
Cinco nods then addresses. “Yes sir!”
The lead police officer nods then states. “Well, I’m glad to hear that. But you, boys are in some trouble here. Why are here on the grass? The buildings are dark. The students are gone. The professors are not here.”
Breck clears his throat then replies. “We were getting familiar with the campus university grass and grounds, sir. We don’t live here in metro city of Birmingham, sir.”
Cinco nods and replies too. “We were playing around with our biological brother. He was acting silly. We just followed him with his silliness.”
The first police officer frowns then asks. “Where’s your brother?”
The second police officer points with laughter then states. “Yeah, I saw another one over there. That one left ya’ll behind for the terrible punishment.” He drops his hand and then slaps his leg.
Breck gasps in shock then asks with concern. “What terrible punishment?”
The first police officer points down at the grass then says. “You should not be here. The campus is closed. Now, you go and get into the rear set of the car. We gotta run your names in our police database. I hope ya’ll are a pair of druggies or thieves. Then we’ll get more terrible punishment.”
Cinco turns with a sour frown and moves ahead towards the parked police car in the colors of purple and white, which are the theme colors for Burn U. Breck turns with a deep sigh and follows the back spine on Cinco.

At 10:18 p.m., on top of the vanilla-colored walkway, behind a row of tall red bricked coated college buildings, a set of individual persons slowly stroll over the same walkway, going to work or hunting for a plate of food or sightseeing the retail shops.
Flamingo continues to slowly putt-putt ahead then slows the speed halting the solar machine. He slides off and stands upright on top of sidewalk, walking the machine into one of the slots inside the metal rack, where the bicycle absorbs all of the sun rays for free.
He stands behind the bicycle and stares down the walkway sounding with his vile evil laughter, looking up, scanning the new part of the town. He spins around and enters a new diner, sitting inside the farthest booth, watching the row of glass windows.
Cinco and Breck will never find him as they are sitting in the rear seat of a campus police car for disturbing the peace and perturbing the two campus police officers at the Burn U campus, which is a common violation, among the rowdy students, inside the college student handbook. 
Flamingo had read the entire college student handbook, after getting accepted into Burn U.

At 10:22 a.m., at the Birmingham Breakfast and Lunch Diner, inside the diner booth, an ugly old waitress with a tone of pale skin and a head of brownish-gray colored hair appears and then smiles down at Flamingo, placing a glass of cold water in front of her new customer.
Flamingo hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Turn the Page coming from the studio album Back in ‘72 was released in the year 1973, by the American musical singer and songwriter Bob Segars. The musical song was produced by Punch Andrews and Bob Segars.
The saxophone musical solo was played by band member from the Silver Bullet, musician Alto Reed.


On a long and lonesome highway
East of Omaha
You can listen to the engine
Moaning out his one note song
You can think about the woman
Or the girl, you knew, the night before
But your thoughts will soon be wandering
The way, they always do
When you’re riding sixteen hours
And there’s nothing much to do
And you don’t feel much like riding
You just wish the trip was through

See, here, I am
On the road again
There, I am
Up on the stage
Here, I go
Playing the star again
There, I go
Turn the page

Well, you walk into a restaurant
Strung out from the road
And you feel the eyes upon you
As you’re shaking off the cold
You pretend it doesn’t bother you
But you just want to explode

Most times, you can’t hear them talk
Other times you can
All the same old clichés
“Is that a woman or a man?”
And you always seem outnumbered
You don’t dare make a stand

Here, I am
On the road again
There, I am
Up on the stage
Here, I go
Playing the star again
There, I go
Turn the page

Out there in the spotlight
You’re a million miles away
Every ounce of energy
You try to give away
As the sweat pours out your body
Like the music that you play
Later in the evening
As you lie awake in bed
With the echoes from the amplifiers
Ringing in your head
You smoke the day’s last cigarette
Remembering what she said

Here, I am
On the road again
There, I am
Up on the stage
Here, I go
Playing the star again
There, I go
Turn the page

Here, I am
On the road again
There, I am
Up on the stage
Here, I go
Playing the star again
There, I go
There, I go


“Thank you! Please, bring me a plate with a hamburger, fries, a chocolate milk shake and a piece of pecan pie.” Flamingo states then smiles to the working woman. The waitress writes down the new order and smiles at Flamingo, spinning around, leaving his booth. Flamingo leans back against the leather cushions, whispering with a confused brow. “What’s wrong with Breck and Cinco? I ain’t part of the family anymore. Breck, personally, tossed my ass out of the family club. What do they want? I don’t know. I have my own life now. I’m single and smart and rich. I wanna be left alone. Period!” He sips the water and stares out the glass window using his active mind while watching the busy people, within a busy world move around the new town.

At 10:25 a.m., inside the Burn U campus police car, in the rear seat, Cinco and Breck sit together. The police car stands inside an empty parking lot with the assigned two police officers sitting in the front part. Breck and Cinco wear a set of handcuffs and whisper into each other’s nostrils.
Cinco frowns then asks. “What’s wrong with Flamingo? He acts like he ain’t part of the family.”
Breck whines. “We’re in trouble here. And all you can mouth spit about is Flamingo.”
Cinco smiles then states, “Naw. Tommy Lee will come and get us out. That’s why he and A.J. stayed in Lacy Springs.”
In the front seat, the front and back vents on the police car blows a stream of hard, cold air-conditioning into each face.
The first police officer types on the laptop computer built onto the car’s dashboard. He states, “I don’t see an arrest warrant on either one of the teens. They live in the small town of Lacy Springs. Where’s Lacy Springs?”
The second police officer types on the laptop computer in his lap, reading the information. “It’s a small cow town north of us.”
The first police officer sips the cold beverage and then frowns. He says, “We need to call the police station there in Lacy Springs and see if these two boys are in trouble up there. If they’re in trouble, then we’ll hold them here. Then the local police officers from the local police office can come and get them from our new sets of jail cells.”
The second police officer smiles then states, “And if they aren’t, then we’ll taken them to our new set of jail cells and call Birmingham Police.”
In the back seat, Breck whines. “This huge school violation could get me kicked off the football team. I have a scholarship.”
Cinco frowns then states. “Shit, Breck! Each one of us is worth three hundred million dollars. Each one of us is a Trust Fund Baby. Do you even know what that financial term means? Each one of us don’t have to go to college or a get a paying job or play on the college football team.”
He continues to whine. Well, I wanna go to college and become a lawyer.”
“What about Flamingo?”
He frowns then whines again. “Forget about Flamingo!”
Cinco exhales with frustration and then states. “We’re here to collect Flamingo. He has to help Mama. That’s more important than your scholarship, your money, and your school violation, Brick Brain!”


Lacy Springs Police Station
   (90 miles north of Burn U campus)
hot temperatures with light rain
private business office
10:29 a.m.


The office space is small with a long blonde-colored office wooden desk against the rear wall. Each wall is half-painted in dark blue and displays half-decorated wooden panels in dark brown. The painted wall contains rows of framed and mounted personal photographs with Tommy Lee and his police officers, family members, and childhood friends. His personal business office is an extension of his personality, which is filled with love, hope, and happiness.
Tommy Lee sits behind the office desk. The office desk surface holds a black-tinted computer laptop and a gray-tinted business telephone landline inside a worn, ratty brown office chair. He wears a smile, staring at A.J., hearing the low-sounding country musical song.
The musical song What Was I Thinkin’ was released on April 14, 2003, by the American country singer and songwriter Dierks Bentley. The songwriters are Dierks Bentley, Deric J. Ruttan, and Brett Beavers, who also produced the musical record. His musical songs play Country sounds.
The musical song was an up-tempo beat, in which, he recalled escaping one night with girl from South Alabama and then committed an array of foolish activities, during the night.


Becky was a beauty from South Alabama
Her daddy had a heart like a nine pound hammer
Think he even did a little time in the slammer
What was I thinking?

She snuck out one night and met me by the front gate
Her daddy came out waving that twelve gauge
We tore out the drive; he peppered my tailgate
What was I thinking?
Oh! I knew there’d be hell to pay
But that crossed my mind a little too late

Cause, I was thinking about a little white tank top
Sitting right there in the middle by me
I was thinking about a long kiss
Man, just gotta get going, where the night might lead
I know what I was feeling
But what was I thinking?
What was I thinking?

By the county line, the cops were nipping on our heels
Pulled off the road and kicked it in four-wheel
Shut off the lights and tore through a cornfield
What was I thinking?

Out the other side, she was hollering, “Faster!”
Took a dirt road, had the radio blasting
Hit the Honky-Tonk for a little close dancing
What was I thinking?
Oh! I knew there’d be hell to pay
But that crossed my mind a little too late

Cause, I was thinking about a little white tank top
Sitting right there in the middle by me
I was thinking about a long kiss
Man, just gotta get going, where the night might lead
I know, what I was feeling
But what was I thinking?

When a mountain of a man with a “Born to kill” tattoo
Tried to cut in, I knocked out his front tooth
We ran outside, hood-sliding like Bo Duke
What was I thinking?

I finally got her home at a half past two, later
Daddy’s in a lawn chair, sitting on the driveway
Put it in park as he started my way
What was I thinking?
Oh! What was I thinking?
Oh! What was I thinking?
Then she gave a “Come and get me” grin
And like a bullet, we were gone again

Cause, I was thinking about a little white tank top
Sitting right there in the middle by me
I was thinking about a long kiss
Man, just gotta get going, where the night might lead
I know, what I was feeling
Yeah! I know, what I was feeling
But what was I thinking?
What was I thinking?

I know, what I was feeling
What was I thinking?
Guess, I was thinking about that tank top
Those cutoffs


A.J. sits in a second worn and ratty brown-colored chair talking with the sheriff, worrying about Arie. He asks, “What’s your personal interest in Arie?” He lifts both of his palms with a nod dropping them down and slaps his legs. “I only ask as I am not a native of Lacy Springs. I have barged into the town and I like it here. But you seem to possess a very personal quest for Arie.”
Tommy Lee nods with a smile then explains. “We graduated from high school together like a lot of teens here do. Her deceased husband, Breck Freehurst Balegreen, Junior was my best friend. We both joined the military the day, after his wedding to Arie. We went through boot camp and then graduated as a pair of United States of America military soldiers. Two orders came down from Redstone Point for a pair of foot soldiers there on the military base, an easy assignment and a quiet life. I wanted to go. Breck wanted more adventure and challenge. So, we separated. We went our different ways. Breck ended up with you in the paratroopers. Breck loved the military and his wife Arie. Arie moved with Breck down to the Florida. I served my two years in the military life there in Huntsville and got out, taking a lowly police officer post here back home. I missed my hometown. I loved the quiet and safe life here. I love my hometown. So, I started low and now I’m in charge of the entire town. I learned as a military soldier danger comes in big and small packages. I wanted to protect my town and my people. I’m in the right spot.
“I lost touch with Breck as he lived away and started his new life with his new family. Then a few years later, Arie returned back home with her three little boys. Each boy is the spitting image of Breck, Junior. Almighty God works in strange ways.
“I had been promoted quickly in my police job and became in charge of the outskirts on each farm. When Arie moved back, I reappeared again. I talked about the ‘old’ Breck. She talked about the ‘new’ Breck. Don’t be fooled, A.J! She’s a strong woman raising her three kids and working that farm. I watched over Arie here like Breck is doing from heaven. Everyone tells me that each son has some of Breck, Junior personality. No way! Flamingo, he’s the son of Breck, Junior. When I see Flamingo and his reckless teenly behaviors, I smile. Flamingo reminds me of all the good times that I had with his father. His father liked a fast car, like Flamingo. His father made a set of good grades, like Flamingo. His father enjoyed dressing in the same damn gear, every damn day, like Flamingo. Yes, Flamingo is the duplicate of his father. Breck carries that stiff, serious attitude. He gets that from his dead grandfather McCory or Breck, Junior’s father as told my biological father. Breck’s father died, when Breck, Junior was conceived but not born.
“Cinco is the fun one with the mellow and grounded personality. That teenly behavior comes from his Grandmother Reese. I heard she was swinger and a fun girl during her teen years, before she married down-to-earth Jarvis. So, I was instantly drawn to Flamingo and saw all the same similarities, like I had seen in Breck, Junior. Thus, I have become a little overprotective over Flamingo rather than the other two brothers. But they’re triplets. You get the whole package. Do remember that, A.J.!”
A.J. nods with a laugh then asks. “So, why didn’t you pursue Arie, after Breck, Junior’s death?”
He smiles then says. “I love Arie, like a little sister. We all hung around together in school classes and at school functions. But she was Breck’s girl and my little pseudo-sister. You don’t marry your little sister. I was the youngest of three siblings, living the wild time as a teen. Breck, Junior, he calmed me down and showed me that life was more than drinking beers, killing birds, and racing a fast car. I own Breck, Junior a lot. I was really sad to find out that he had died. Arie and I enjoyed sharing out past together. That’s it. Now, you and she can share the future together. That’s what she needs. And I’m happily married.”
A.J. gasps in shock then says. “I’m so sorry, Tommy Lee. I didn’t see a wedding band on your ring finger. Please forgive me!”
He smiles then states, “Forgiven and forgotten! I do not wear a wedding band. Early in my police profession, I ran across a bad guy that would kill only a married police officer. So, I talked with my married spouse. And we agreed that my finger would remind naked for my life and our love.”
A.J. nods with a smile then says. “Thanks for sharing your personal life with me. I’m a former military man. Now, I’ve settled down and hope to become a good future husband for Arie and try to become a good future step-father to…”

At 10:35 p.m., inside the police reception setting, on the front desk, the landline telephone rings.
A short, overweight female police dispatch sits at the desk and answers the phone. “Good morning to you! Lacy Springs Police Station, how may I direct your call?” She listens to the voice at the other end of the landline and then gasps in shock. “Yes sir! Sir, I will direct rightly to the office of Sheriff Tommy Lee. He can answer all questions about that matter. Please hold on!” She leaves the desk and runs into the office setting, saying with panic. “Tommy Lee, Breck and Cinco have been arrested by the Birmingham Police Force. The police officer is on the phone for you.”
“Thanks!” Tommy Lee says and nods to the police dispatch. “Ring it in here please.” He spins around and lowers the musical song down to nothing.
She nods and exits his office, returning to the front desk, sending the call to Tommy Lee.
Inside the office setting, he returns back and leans into the cushion on the ancient chair lifting his index finger to his lips, nodding to A.J. for silence. He presses the speaker phone button for both of them to hear. He shouts out loud and wears a smile. “Hello! This is Sheriff Tommy Lee. How can I assist you, this afternoon, sir?”
The rough voice says through the speaker phone, “This is the Burn U campus police department. We arrested a couple of teens here on the campus for disturbing the peace. I wanna know if you know these two boys. They claim to be students here at Burn U. The driver’s license with one name is Breck Freehurst McCory.”
Inside the Lacy Springs police office, Tommy Lee grins then asks. “Did you notice the Roman numeral at the end of the name, sir?”
The voice says from the speaker phone, “Uh! It shows the number three. The other one shows the number five.”
Tommy Lee says, “Yes, that is correct. Between the number three and the number five, the number four lies in-between. That other rowdy teen on the Burn U grounds is their triplet brother, who is named Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth.”
“O! I see that. That makes sense.”
Tommy Lee states, “I am really sorry about the horse playing from the triplet brothers. They got lucky and received a sporting scholarship to Burn U. Lacy Springs High School won the Alabama High Class A Football Champion title up here, last year.”
“You don’t say!”
Tommy Lee states, “Yeah, I do say. And Cinco is a star defensive lineman on the Burn U football team. His brother Breck is a star kicker on our football team, too. So, you’re holding a pair of All-stars football players from the Alabama High School Championship game in the rear seat of your campus police car, sir. This fall season, they’ll help carry Burn U to their next College National Championship. So, you should ask for an individual autograph, before they become too popular. You know, how the university likes to control their football players from the press and the peoples. Your grandson would love it.”
“Yeah, my grandson would love the autographs of two famous Burn U football players.”
Tommy Lee continues, “Well, you have captured two of them right there. Are you going to process their crime there at the Burn U campus? Do I need to come down and defend my two country boy citizens?”
“No. The campus is closed now. The summer session starts in June.”
Tommy Lee says. “Well, Cinco and Breck are all scheduled to start the summer session in June. They must enroll to play on the Burn U football team and help win the seventh national college championship for the great State of Alabama, of course. I hope this tiny violation does not interfere with their football scholarship, sir.”
The voice on the speaker phone laughs then expresses. “No! We take football and the football players serious around here at Burn U.”
Tommy Lee nods and winks to A.J. then comments, “Excellent news to hear, sir! We do up here in the tiny cow town of Lacy Springs also. That’s very nice to hear, sir. Do the two boys need to pay a fine of money or something, before you release them back into the wild? I can send up a check from the Lacy Springs Police Department right now. Our paper check is good for the money, too.”
“No sir! We won’t charge the two future Burn U football players with any type of crime. I mean the weather’s hot and heated up here. Everyone enjoys running around for fun. That’s no harm. So, there no crime or any exchange of money. But thanks for the gesture, sir.”
Tommy Lee says. “Well, thank you, kindly, sir! I enjoyed meeting a fellow police officer, who also quickly resolves a police manner with both respect and honor.”
“Me, too! We…we’re releasing the two teens. But they should not be horse playing around the Burn U campus, until the doors open for classes.”
Tommy Lee states. “I concur with your wise advice, sir. Please, go and inform the two teens of your wise words. They’re trained to obey all the grow-ups with authority. And I promise that they will not be making any more trouble, until it appears on top of the football field, sir.”
The male voice laughs through the speaker phone box and then says.  “I’ll do that. So, enjoy your day, Sheriff!”
“You, also, sir! Don’t forget to get their football autographs for your grandson, sir,” Tommy Lee states then reaches over clicking off the button, laughing out loud.
In the chair, A.J. nods with a smile then expresses, “You’re slick!”
“Thank you!”
A few minutes later, his personal mobile telephone sings out with a country musical song located on top of the wooden office desk. Tommy Lee reaches over and picks up his personal mobile telephone, swishing the icon. He holds the screen on his cheekbone and says with a worried brow. “Breck, is that you?”
He listens to the one-side conversation coming from Breck.
Tommy Lee frowns and relays the information to A.J. “Damn! Flamingo, he got away. Not good! Look, we tried today and failed. We’ll capture him on the first day of college. You can’t miss him then. We know that he’ll be running around from the campus grounds. So, come on back home from Birmingham now, before you get into real trouble down there. Then, I can’t get you out of or the trouble will kick you out of college.”
He listens to Breck.
“No! Don’t go back to Flamingo’s rented hotel room. Yeah, Flamingo might be there chilling in the bathroom toilet. But that room is paid and rented by Flamingo. He can legally and quickly get the hotel security team to arrest your asses, which is more trouble for me and you. Come on back home! That’s an order!”
He pauses and listens to Breck.
“Don’t worry! Almighty God is on our side. And do not drive the truck fast. Obey the speed limit. We’ll re-group at the hospital room with Arie. Bye, Breck and Cinco,” he drops the mobile telephone with a frown and disconnects the call. “Damn! We were so close. Flamingo is a pistol. He really is the smartest of the three brothers.”
A.J. nods with a worried brow then asks. “What do we do now, Tommy Lee?”
He nods with a stern face then says. “We pray to Almighty God, Brother Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and all of our heavenly angels for a miracle, A.J.”
A.J. drops his chin down into his chest and closes his two eyelids, silently praying for both Arie and Flamingo.


City of Birmingham
Birmingham Breakfast and Lunch Diner
11:10 a.m.


The familiar musical tune plays throughout the semi-nosily diner.
The musical song entitled Jessie’s Girl was released in the year 1981 and performed by the Australia musical singer and songwriter Rick Springfield.
Rick Springfield was born as Richard Lewis Springthorpe on August 23, 1949 in the western suburb of Guilford, in the city of Sydney, within the country of Australia. He was an army son to Mrs. Eileen Louise (Evennett) and Australian Army Captain Norman James Springthorpe living in suburb of Broadmeadows, in the city of Victoria, within the country of Australia.
Young Springthorpe started playing the guitar at the age of 13 years old beginning his musical career.
In the year 1968, at the age of 19 years old, he joined a musical band and produced musical records with medium success in Australia. In the year 1972, at the age of 23 years old, he moved to the United States of America and continued his musical career writing his own songs, playing the musical instruments including guitar, banjo, and keyboard. In the year 1981, at the age of 32 years old, he found success in his musical song entitled Jessie’s Girl.
On March 2, 2006, at the age of 57 years old, he became an American citizen of the United States of America.


Jessie is a friend
Yeah. I know, he’s been a good friend of mine
But lately something’s changed; it ain’t hard to define
Jessie’s got himself a girl and I want to make her mine

And she’s watching him with those eyes
And she’s loving him with that body. I just know it
Yeah! And he’s holding her in his arms late, late at night

You know, I wish that I had Jessie’s girl
I wish that I had Jessie’s girl
Why can’t I find a woman like that?

I’ll play along with this charade
That doesn’t seem to be a reason to change
You know, I feel so dirty, when they start talking cute
I wanna tell her that I love her, but the point is probably moot

Cause, she’s watching him with those eyes
And she’s loving him with that body. I just know it
And he’s holding her in his arms late, late at night

You know, I wish that I had Jessie’s girl
I wish that I had Jessie’s girl
Why can't I find a woman like that?

Like Jessie’s girl
I wish that I had Jessie’s girl
Why can’t I find a woman?
Why can’t I find a woman like that?

And I’m looking in the mirror all the time
Wondering, what she don’t see in me
I’ve been funny. I’ve been cool with the lines
Ain’t that the way, love is supposed to be

Tell me! Why can’t I find a woman like that?

You know, I wish that I had Jessie’s girl
I wish that I had Jessie’s girl
I want Jessie’s girl
Why can’t I find a woman like that?

Like Jessie’s girl
I wish that I had Jessie’s girl
I want. I want Jessie’s girl


Inside the same diner booth, Flamingo enjoys the food and cleans his plate sounding with a loud burp, slapping his chest with satisfaction. Whether on the run or sitting in the chair, he’s always hungry. He whips out his wallet and slowly counts out the money. He whispers, “I got one thousand four hundred bucks plus some odd coinage left inside my wallet. Running away from home is expensive,” he softly chuckles. “So, I need to check out of my current and new hotel room and rent at another new hotel building, a really cheaper one. O well! I can continue to withdraw one thousand dollars-per-day, until I run out of money while hopping from hotel to hotel, before Cinco and Breck catches me.” He looks up and stares through the glass window, whispering for his eardrums only. “This game is so stupid. Breck and Cinco were here to surprise me, because they want me to return back to the hospital and see Arie. I saw Arie there at the hospital, the other afternoon. Why does she wanna see me? Why do I wanna see her? I don’t wanna see her. O! She must be awake and has demanded to see me. No!” He continues to stare out the window and shakes his new ass-backwards baseball cap, whispering for his eardrums in fury. “Go away, Arie and Breck and Cinco! I wanna live on my own with my own life. I’m older enough. I’m staring college in two weeks. Wow! That’s a long time without a friend or a brother or a mother.”
The waitress returns back wearing her fake smile and stands at the booth table, staring down at the nice red-colored ass-backwards baseball cap on Flamingo. She kindly asks, “Sir, do you need anything else? Have you finished eating your lunch, sir? Good! I’ll take that set of dirty dishes from you, sir.”
Flamingo looks over and smiles at the older waitress. He says, “No ma’am. I’m full. Could you, please, bring me the check?”
She slips the paper check over the surface and nods to Flamingo then says. “Thank you for coming! Please, come back here. again. You can pay at the cash register in the front.”
“Thanks!” He says and nods along with his smile. She spins around and wobbles ahead back holding an armful of the dirty dishes, heading into the kitchen setting. He continues to stare at her older body and then frowns with sadness. He says, “Arie is lucky that she’s a pretty and healthy and rich bitch. Else she’d be waiting on diner tables, like that woman. Else I’d be waiting diner tables to pay for my upcoming college courses too. Well, I think, it’s time for me to go and see Arie. I don’t have much to say, but she can do the talking for the both of us, like always.”
Flamingo pulls out money from his wallet and places the cash on top of the table, reaching inside the wallet, pulling out more money for the elder waitress. He whispers, “Someone deserves to be happy today.” He scoots off the bench seat, swiftly moves ahead then stops at the cash register, paying his food bill.
The elder waitress slowly returns from the kitchen setting holding a wet cloth to clean, cleaning off the table with the young teenager, who’s probably a poor college student. He’s dressed poorly but has good manners. She stops and leans over snatching the stack of twenty-dollar bills from underneath two empty glasses of liquid with standing ice cubes, gasping in shock. She quickly counters out the individual dollar bills, 500 dollars, and spins around to see the back spine on the nice teenager that has left her a fortune of money.
In front of the diner, Flamingo quickly exits the diner without seeing the waitress and whispers for his eardrums only. “The Holy Bible says to give charity as deeded anonymously and not ask for a public advertisement announcement either.” He continues to stroll around and walks off his full stomach. “Giving back to a stranger makes me feel good! I’m going to do that more often.”


Birmingham Hotel Plaza
veranda setting
11:45 a.m.


Flamingo arrives and then halts underneath the veranda parking section of the Birmingham Plaza Hotel, sweating balls of wet from his face and body while surveying the parking lot with row of parked vehicles. He whispers, “I don’t see Arie’s white-tinted truck or A.J.’s black-tinted pickup truck or one of the tan-colored farm trucks with our farm logo. I wonder if Breck and Cinco are back inside my hotel room to surprise me again. Well, I don’t have a car. So, I gotta ride back home with them to see Arie. I wonder what she wants. Well, I won’t find out standing here in the heat.” He enters the lobby space and hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Oh Sherrie coming from the studio album Street Talk and was released on April 7, 1984, by the American musical singer and songwriter Steve Perry. The musical song was produced by Bruce Botnick and Steve Perry. The musical song was written by William Richard Cuomo, Steve Perry, Randy Goodrum and Craig Krampf. The musician played Pop Rock sound.
The musical song was composed in the key of F major. The theme of the musical song was written for the girlfriend of singer Steve Perry, at the time, Sherrie Swafford.


You should’ve been gone
Knowing how I made you feel
And I should’ve been gone
After all your words of steel
O! I must’ve been a dreamer
And I must’ve been someone else
And we should’ve been over

Oh, Sherrie, our love
Holds on, holds on
Oh, Sherrie, our love
Holds on, holds on

O! I wanna let go
You’ll go on hurting me
You’d be better off alone
If I’m not, who you thought, I’d be

But you know that there’s a fever
O! That you’ll never find nowhere else
Can’t you feel it burning?
On and on

Oh, Sherrie, our love
Holds on, holds on
Oh, Sherrie, our love
Holds on, holds on
Oh, Sherrie

Oh, Sherrie
But I should’ve been gone
Long ago, far away
And you should’ve been gone
Now, I know you’d lie
You’ll stay

Oh, Sherrie, our love
Holds on, holds on
Oh, Sherrie, our love
Holds on, holds on

Oh, Sherrie, our love
Holds on, holds on
Hold on
Oh, Sherrie!


At 11:43 a.m., Flamingo enters the open carriage riding it up towards the sixth floor, where his rented hotel room stands. He hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled White Rabbit coming from the studio album Surrealistic Pillow was recorded on June 24, 1967 and then released on November 03, 1966, by the American musical band Jefferson Airplane. The musical song was written by Grace Slick. The band members played Psychedelic Rock and Acid Rock sounds. The musical song played for 02 minutes and 31 seconds.
The band members included Grace Slick (vocals); Jorma Kaukonen (lead guitar); Paul Kantner (rhythm guitar); Jack Casady (bass guitar) and Spencer Dryden (drums).
Grace Slick wrote the song on an upright piano, purchased for $50.00 and missing eight keys. She did not need the keys, because she could hear in her head the musical notes that weren’t there as she moved between the major chords for the verses and chorus.
The theme of the musical song was based on the main and minor characters from the children’s book entitled Alice in Wonderland and teaches both parents and children to pay attention to your current life force, within your current lifestyle.



One pill makes you larger
And one pill makes you small,
And the ones that mother gives you
Don’t do anything at all.

Go ask Alice
When she’s ten feet tall.
And if you go chasing rabbits
And you know you’re going to fall,
Tell them a hookah-smoking caterpillar
Has given you the call.

Call Alice
When she was just small.
When the men on the chessboard
Get up and tell you where to go

And you’ve just had some kind of mushroom
And your mind is moving low.

Go ask Alice
I think she'll know.
When logic and proportion
Have fallen sloppy dead,
And the White Knight is talking backwards
And the Red Queen's, “Off with her head!”
Remember what the dormouse said,”
“Feed your head. Feed your head. Feed your head.”


The elevator carriage halts. The doors open. Flamingo moves off the elevator carriage and then turns down the hallway carpet in black and red dizzy swirling geometric lines, and then stops sounding with a gasp. He stands inside the open archway within his rented hotel room and surveys the commotion.
Inside the room a pod of upright individuals stands around pointing at numerous objects.
Flamingo is both shocked and surprised and moves a few inches into his room with better vision. His rented and paid hotel room has been ransacked. The orange-colored bedcovers have been pulled off the bed mattress. Each furniture drawer is opened and stuck that pose. Each bathroom towel lies on top of the carpet. And his three bags of personal possessions have been scattered on top of the naked bed mattress like someone has stolen something. He shouts out loud. “Hey! What’s happening in here? Who are you?”
One of the individuals swings around with a sneer and wears a brown colored uniform that displays the hotel security logo, pointing at Flamingo. He asks, “Who are you? What do you want? What are you doing in here, kid?”
Flamingo slaps his chest and states. “I rented his hotel room yesterday. What’s happened in here? It looks like I’ll be robbed or something.”
A second individual spins around with a growl and approaches Flamingo, extending his palm, stopping a few inches from the teen. He orders, “Gimme me some ID, kid!”
Flamingo reaches down into the slightly dirty but new walking shorts and pulls out each item, finding his driver’s license. He asks again, “What has happened in here?” He hands the item to the second male.
The first individual, a tall, overweight male represents the hotel security team and frowns at Flamingo. He orders, “Shut up, kid! Where are your parents? What does his ID say?”
Flamingo frowns then states. “My parents are not here. I rented this hotel room yesterday. What has happened in here?”
A second short, overweight male frowns down at the item then announces. “He’s from Lacy Springs. Where’s that town?”
Flamingo exhales with a huff of annoyance then clearly states. “Lacy Springs is a small town north from here in Birmingham and near metro city Huntsville.”
“What are you doing here?”
Flamingo says. “I’m a new student at Burn U. I start to school in June.”
The first security male frowns then states. “This is the month of May. What are you doing here now?”
Flamingo frowns then asks, “What happened to my room and my stuff?”
The third individual is a younger female and swings around to face Flamingo. She states, “There was a group of…” she gasps and points at Flamingo. “It’s him! That’s him! I saw him run away from this room, really fast and then it ran down the stairwell. Then he exited the hotel. Then the stairwell door alarm went off.”
The second security male sneers then states to Flamingo. “You said that you were a guest here.” Flamingo gasps in alarm and studies the face on each adult.
Two hours ago, Flamingo and his two brothers had been inside his rented hotel room. Then, Flamingo tossed his food items at his two brothers, spun around with laughter and then raced away from his rented hotel room. Breck and Cinco gave chase crossing the dangerous city street, jumping on top of Flamingo. Then a college campus patrol car flew towards the commotion and then only arrested Breck and Cinco. Flamingo successfully fled on foot…naw…bike.
In front of the open archway of his rented hotel room, Flamingo gasps in worry. His two brothers could have been arrested with a criminal record for trespassing on the college grounds. Then they could never play on a college football team again.
Flamingo clears his throat and calms his racing heart. He says, “I rented this hotel room yesterday. I don’t understand why you are here and why my possessions are scattered throughout my rented hotel room. What gives you the right to invade my room and stand here?”
A fourth short, plump individual swings around and wears a sour frown on her pale tinted face. She says, “You paid with cash money for this hotel room. I’m the day manager here at hotel. However, there was an incident this morning coming from directly your rented hotel room and causing a loud, noisy commotion here inside this hallway. This maid, that cleans each room, has pointed out that you caused a loud commotion in here inside your rented hotel room, young sir.”
Flamingo gasps in shock and then ponders the maid’s story. She probably had seen the back spine on Breck, who looked exactly like Flamingo. He sneers then says to the Day Manager. “I have not done anything wrong here. This is my rented hotel room. Why are you here? Why did you search through my personal possessions that belong to me?”
The woman points at Flamingo and says with a sour frown. “The maid has identified you as the troublemaker.”
Flamingo gasps and then laughs out loud, slapping his chest, turning to see the maid. He expresses, “Well, it was not I. My two brothers were here this morning while I was eating my breakfast meal. We are triplet brothers. We look exactly alike. Did you not see two separate individuals running away from my rental hotel room and dashing down the hallway, miss?”
The maid looks down and recalls the image, looking up with a stern face and then gasps in shock. She states, “Yeah, I saw two individuals that look like him.”
The woman sneers then states. “Then, you’re one of them.”
Flamingo exhales with a huff of annoyance then returns back to see the day manager. He states, “No. I just explained that I’m one of three brothers. My two brothers were here inside my rented hotel room which was a surprise to me also,” he softly chuckles.
However, his two brothers had definitely been a sight for a pair of sleepy eyeballs a few hours ago and left his rented hotel room without taking all his possessions. But it’s hard to run with objects in a pair of both cupped hands over the hallway floor, down a flight of stairs, across a busy street, and over the manicured lawn of Burn U campus.
Inside the hotel room, the first security guard frowns then asks Flamingo. “Can you prove your whereabouts this morning?”
Flamingo gasps in alarm and then smiles reaching deep down into the pocket on his new pair of walking shorts, whipping out a stack of tiny paper receipts. He flips through each one and pulls out the morning’s breakfast receipt and hands to the second security guard. He calmly states, “Here! I possess a paid cash money receipt for my breakfast meal, this morning, which was located a few blocks away from my rented hotel room.”
The second security guard accepts the paper receipt and reads the date and time. “Hmm! He tells you, the truth.”
“I always tell the truth, sir,” Flamingo nods and says.
The guard hands the paper receipt back to Flamingo then says. “He was at breakfast. So, why were your two brothers here in your rented hotel room, this morning? Did they stay in the same room with you also? Where are they right now?”
Flamingo informs. “No. They did not stay here with me. They’ll be attending college with me in the month of June.”
The first security guard frowns then asks. “Where’s your car?”
“What!” Flamingo exclaims.
The first security guard nods and asks. “Where’s your car? Usually, everyone parks a car here at the hotel. Where’s your car? How did you get here?”
Flamingo exhales with a huff of worry and thinks through the posed question. He explains, “My two brothers drive me here. I do not have a car.” He is very nervous that the team of security guards would contact the Birmingham Police Department and then discover that his personal sports car had been stolen, by the verbal or written order from his mother and then impounded by the police officers.
“Why didn’t they stay with you here?”
Flamingo says. “They left me here to meet up with some friends here in Birmingham. I do not understand why I’m being questioned here. I paid for this hotel room. My bill is zero dollars and zero cents, sir.”
The woman jabs her finger and yells at Flamingo. “No! You have an outstanding bill also.”
“What!” Flamingo exclaims.
She slaps her chest and sneers hollering at Flamingo. “Checkout time is at eleven o’clock in the morning. It’s passed noon time. You own me money for your hotel room, college student.”
Flamingo gasps in shock then expresses. “What!”
The first security officer laughs then asks. “Do you not have the money to pay the day manager with your outstanding bill here at the hotel? If you cannot pay, then you go straight into a jail cell here at the Birmingham police station.”
Flamingo exhales with a huff of frustration and then states. “I don’t understand. I mean. I do understand that checkout time is eleven o’clock in the morning. But I was planning to stay another night.”
“No.” The woman shouts, jabs her finger, and presents a sour frown to Flamingo. “He pays with cash money for his hotel room.”
The second security guard laughs then asks. “Where do you get your cash, boy?”
Flamingo frowns then states. “I have a bank account here in town. I can withdraw cash out every day.”
The first security guard reaches down and lifts up the new shirt, shaking the item in the air. He asks, “Did you pay cash for these new clothes? Or did you steal them from another hotel? What did you leave that last hotel a few hours ago?”
Flamingo gasps in shock and then exclaims. “What!” He has never stolen any item for fun or thievery in his life. His mother has always purchased any item that Flamingo has ever desired.
“Where is your suitcase? Where are your old clothes? All I see are new set of clothes with a set of price tags from another hotel. Where are the receipts for each item, boy? If you do not have a receipt for each pretty item, I’m hauling your ass to the Birmingham police lockup.”
Flamingo continues to stand a few feet from the open archway and balls both of his fists in fury. The security guard and management team do not have the right to invade his paid room and touch his personal items. However, the three bags of clothes and stack of college books with an attached price tag does appear to be suspicious within the eyeballs of each security guard.
Yesterday, Flamingo had dumped his old clothes at another hotel room. But, today, both Breck and Cinco were wearing Flamingo’s old soiled clothing items for some reason, when Flamingo caught them here inside his new hotel room.
Then, Flamingo swiftly recalls the wise words from the younger security guard at the first hotel regarding a bad guy versus a good guy theory. No one can tell the difference anymore.
Flamingo exhales with a huff of annoyance and then inhales a set of deep breaths, unfolding both of his two fists into a pair of sweaty open palms, reaching back down into the deep pocket on the pair of new walking shorts, again, pulling out a second stack of paper receipts. He wants this terrible interrogation of his person and his two brothers to quickly end. And he does not want Breck and Cinco’s names connected to any type of trouble here at the new hotel.
Breck and Cinco were sent by Arie to find her missing third son Flamingo. It was bad luck that Flamingo was found here. And it was great luck that Breck and Cinco had been here inside his hotel room and then they all had caused some minor trouble.
In front of the open archway, eighteen-year-old college junior student Flamingo is quickly learning how the adult world works and now the adult world is a scary place with too many new adult rules and new legal laws. The tiny cow town of Lacy Springs is a smaller place to live and thrive without all the rules and money and body penalties. Sheriff Tommy Lee runs the police department and runs off all the bad guys keeping the town safe and clean and happy.
His mother Arie has always enforced a set of motherly rules at her home with a variety of subjects, including meal time, homework assignments, guest invitations, and slumber rituals. Now, Flamingo understands, a little late, the same routine leads to good habits of discipline and the easy of supervision from his elders.
Inside the rental hotel room, in front of the open archway, Flamingo lifts up the stack of tiny papers and presents a delightful a smile then states to each guard. “Well, sir, I have all of my receipts for each item right here. You and I can go through each item and trace the price tag on the sliver of paper. Also, my mama told me to keep all my receipts with the cash that I am spending here in Birmingham. She needs to reconcile her bank account without getting into trouble with her banker. And I came here with my two brothers, who didn’t want to stay in the hotel room. They drove off and met with some old friends here and will stay there tonight. I wanted to see all the new attractions here in Birmingham as I had lived in Lacy Springs as a high school student. Now, I’m a college student,” he shuffles ahead, stops, and then stands beside the naked bed mattress while feeling both invaded and angry, without showing his teenly emotions. He might not stay here tonight. He stills possesses some cash and can find a new hotel room someplace else. He’s an American citizen and has the right to leave the hotel building.
The first security guard accepts the sliver of papers and slowly sorts through each item, checking the price tag that matches and then dumps the item on top of the carpet.
Flamingo frowns with annoyance and picks up each grounded item, catching the reminding ones, forming a small pile with his personal possessions on top of the naked mattress by his side.
The guard holds the heavy college textbook beside his jaw line and frowns down at the name. He says, “Anatomy of the Human Cell, this is a heavy textbook for a college freshman and the wrong title for a freshman student. I’ll seen lots of freshman textbooks and this ain’t one of them. How do you explain that?”
Flamingo pulls out his college identification badge and performs a head nod and a smile, replying back to the guard. “I am a junior college student starting in the month of June at Burn U.”
“What!” The female hotel manager exclaims then frowns at Flamingo. “How’s that possible? You just said that you graduated high school which makes your age at seventeen years old.”
The second security guard frowns then states. “Your driver’s license shows eighteen years old. A freshman student is eighteen years old. A junior student is twenty years old.”
Flamingo smiles then says, “I attended a set of advanced placement courses at my local high school and passed each course which had been graded at the college level for a Freshmen and a Sophomore college student. Then, I will enroll and enter Birmingham University as a junior college student finishing my college courses faster, sir.”
The second security male guard laughs then exclaims. “O! He’s a smartie, a smart ass country boy.” The other hotel staff members laugh out loud.
Flamingo gasps in shock and then fakes his smile at each rude and uneducated person. Here, within the city of Birmingham, he’s learning too quickly there are other people bigger, taller, smaller, smarter, richer, poorer, meaner, stupider, and ruder than any person in Lacy Springs. But this is the point living in a different place for extending your mind and your emotions and your opportunities.
The first male guard tosses the last college textbook down on top the carpeted floor exhibiting a deep sigh and then states. “Well, I’ve finished sorting through the student’s inventory.” Flamingo reaches down and grabs the book, standing upright with his fake smile, placing in the same pile with his personal possessions. The guard reaches over and grabs the stack of The Quartet novels, “Except, I can’t find a receipt for this stack of white colored books.”
Flamingo smiles then says, “Those five books are novels for fun reading, not a stack of college books, sir.”
“Where’s the receipt?”
Flamingo nods. “There is not a receipt.”
“Where did you get them then?”
Flamingo exhales with a huff of more annoyance. The old, crusty security guard is not giving up hope that Flamingo has stolen something from the hotel garbage trashcan here or at another hotel dumpster, so he can arrest Flamingo and send the teen into a night of jail. Flamingo fakes his smile then explains. “I brought the stack of personal reading novels from my house.”
“How do I know that you didn’t steal these reading books?”
Flamingo exhales with a huff of annoyance and says with a stern face. “With the same method, I do not have an individual receipt for my individual set of clean and laundered underwear briefs. I brought a stack of clean underwear briefs from my private bedroom back home along with my personal toothbrush, where I didn’t bring the receipt either.”
The female hotel manager sneers then states. “He’s lying.”
Flamingo says. “I tell the truth. Examine each book! It has been read numerous times. The page ends are folded and worn from a set of finger pads. And my name is inside the first page on each book.”
The guard grunts and examines each book. He informs, “Well, each book is not new. And your name is not inside each book.”
“What!”
The guard reads the hand printed name sounding with puzzlement. “This book belongs to Cinco. What kind of name is that?”
Flamingo nods then states. “That’s my brother.”
The second guard frowns then says. “The name of your brother is named, Cinco. What kind of brotherly name is that?”
Flamingo states, “He…”
“Since you do not possess a paper receipt for each book and each book does not hold your personal name, then I must take in all the physical evidence into my possession. This guy named Cinco can come and collect his five books. Then I can ask him if you stole them.”
Flamingo says, “He…”
The guard sneers then asks. “Do you have a problem with that, college student?”
Flamingo gasps in alarm and balls both of his hands into two fists of fury, without fighting vocal words, but heavy mental thoughts of angry. This unknown male is stealing his possessions. Actually, the stack of novels belongs to his brother Cinco. Thus, his brother’s possessions are becoming stolen or taken by an unknown male without Cinco’s permission. 
And Cinco had not taken his stack of books, when he abruptly left out from Flamingo’s hotel room. However, it was been difficult for Cinco to run down a flight of steps, cross a busy city street, and then tackle Flamingo with both of his hands filled with items.
And Breck and Cinco had not bothered to return back to the scene of the crime, literally. Or maybe, they tried and found the hotel room door open with the hotel management staff. Then they spun around and rushed back to the truck heading back home with a tattling grand story to A.J. and Tommy Lee.
Finally, Flamingo continues to stare down the crusty old security guard wearing a pair of angry eyeballs while his active mind continues to click with common sense. The elderly, crusty old security guard will enjoy arresting and then convicting Flamingo with a silly petty crime of thievery with cause, reason, but lots of nasty intent. If Flamingo argues for his personal possessions or raises his voice, then the old security guard will act on his set of unjustified and nasty instincts.
Right now, Flamingo has a wonderful future planned for his teenly life, without a married wife or an infant child or the burden of money debt. He’s already enrolled in college setting as a junior college student with the future plans of graduating within two years and then entering the Birmingham University School of Medicine, eventually becoming a medical physician.
As a medical physician, he can return back his time, his money, and his talents to his home town of Lacy Springs, only if he’s allowed to stay free and out of jail. A jail sentence with a petty thievery conviction will ruin his future plans as a medical physician. So, Flamingo needs to make an adult executive decision right now.

At 12:12 pm, a few feet from the open archway of hotel room 666, a group of teens and adults halt and then stare into Flamingo’s open archway while looking at him and the other three occupants inside his rented hotel room spying on the motions, actions, and words.
Flamingo shivers in anger and then gasps in shock and as one of his acute eyeballs sees the stationary pod of nosy busybodies inside the busy hallway. He exhales and then inhales with a set of heavy breaths, calming down his racing pulse, a pumping heart, and an angry mind. He exhales with one more breath and fakes a smile, saying out loud with a soft manly timber to the first security guard, “No, sir. You can take the stack of novels as you see fit. I do not want any trouble here. I will inform my brother, who is named Cinco, about his books. He can come here and claim his property, if he desires.”
The tall, plump, older security guard turns his smile into an upside frown of disappointment, greatly desiring to arrest and then toss the young punk into one of Birmingham’s police department prison cells. That prisoner lesson would change that punk’s mind and attitude. He nods in silence and spins around, carrying off the stack of reading novels without viewing Flamingo.
At the end of the messy, naked bed mattress, next to his stack of other personal possession, including his clean underwear briefs, Flamingo exhales with a huff of relief that his midnight thievery has ended. He states, “Thank you, sir!” He leans down and grabs one of the three dark bags, stuffing each item into the soft cloth.
“Wait!” The female day manager shouts and stands in front of the window with the open curtains as the sunlight shines down into her blonde hair roots and tosses both of her hands near her sneer, staring at the back spine on Flamingo. “There still is a problem here.”
Flamingo holds the textbook in the air and gasps in alarm, turning to see the female. He exclaims, “What!”
The tall, plump, and older security guard spins around with a smile of opportunity while accomplishing his goal with the teenager. He asks, “What still is the problem here with him?”
She jabs her dark green tinted manicured fingernail and informs Flamingo. “He owns me 220 dollars in money for the rented hotel room.”
Flamingo gasps in shock then replies, “I paid for the room yesterday.”
She nods with a sour frown and then explains. “That was yesterday. It’s today now. The time is 12:15 p.m., in the afternoon. You should’ve checked out at eleven o’clock, if you didn’t wanna rent the hotel room again.”
Flamingo smiles first then states with a nod to the manager. “O! That’s no problem for me. I can pay you for a today’s hotel room. I can go down to the registration counter right now and pay for the hotel room.”
“No!” She states then growls shaking her cropped dirty blonde hairy skull. “I don’t want your money or your person in here. You must get your stuff and leave right now, before I call the Birmingham police officers to come and arrest your person out of this hotel room.”
“What!” Flamingo exclaims in shock.
The tall and plump, older security guard nods with a grin, staring at the back spine on Flamingo. He asks, “Is that a new problem for you, college student?
Flamingo nods and says to the manager. “There is no issue here for me. I will pay the 220 dollars, but I am kindly asking for an explanation. Why must I pay for a hotel room where I can sleep in?”
She points down at the wet carpet then at the wet wall and states back to Flamingo. “Look at this place! Someone has tossed a soda over the floor, the carpet, the walls, and the curtains.”
“I can arrest him,” the tall and plump, older security guard offers then laughs out loud presenting a grin.
She exhales with a puff of frustration then explains. “The hotel administration does not arrest a paying guest. We clean up the mess inside the room and then charge a set of additional monies on the guest’s credit card. But he did not pay with a credit card. He paid with cash money.”
“I can still arrest him,” the tall and plump, older security guard offers again then laughs out loud presenting a dangerous smile to Flamingo.
Flamingo gasps in worry. He has not committed a crime here. But Flamingo had tossed his paid and uneaten greasy bag of breakfast food and his empty large wet beverage of cold ice cubes at each one of his brothers in a surprise maneuver escaping from the hotel room while making the mess on top of the floor and the side wall. But the hotel clerk had accepted his wad of money cash as the final payment for the rented hotel room without question.
The air waves drift in silence and as the voices from each person remains silent.
She buzzes her lips then frowns and finally states. “No! I cannot arrest him as I did not see the crime. I had repeatedly told the hotel management that we should accept cash money as a form of payment from each nasty and rude young college student. Then I’d not be in this messy situation. Pay me the money right now!”
Flamingo gently places the textbook down on top of the naked bed mattress while desiring to toss the heavy item into the sneer on her face instead. He slides out his wallet and pulls out the cash money, holding it near his jaw line, saying with a firm tone. “I need a hotel receipt with a zero dollar and zero cents balance coming from the registration clerk that I have indeed paid for my hotel room, before I leave your establishment. I do not want any type of outstanding money balance on my room or my person. As I stated before, I must give each paper receipt for each dollar of spent cash to my mother for her to balance her bank account.”
She nods and orders. “First, you pack up all your stuff and get out of this hotel room. Second, you follow the hotel security team down into the lobby. Third, you pay me the cash money. Fourth, I’ll give you a receipt for the cash payment. Fifth, the hotel security hotel will escort you out from the hotel. Sixth, you do not ever return back here to this hotel again. I have your driver’s license on record here, even if I do not have your personal credit card for your room damages. If you return back here, I’ll arrest you for trespassing and causing trouble.”
“I understand your vocal instructions, ma’am,” Flamingo says with a softy tone and exhales with a huff of relief, turning to see his pile of possessions, quickly packing up his stuff in silence without fuming in angry. He needs to stay calm and level-headed within this dangerous situation.
The unnamed female day manager swiftly moves ahead and exits the hotel room without words, only a set of distorted facial expressions.
Between the bathroom entrance and the open closet space, now an armed, elderly security guard is mouth drooling for an arrest of a college student. The day manager is foaming at the pair of chapped lips for a conviction of a college student. And the second security guard smiles and watches an innocent person become a victim, without helping the young individual.
Flamingo is quickly and quietly learning about the real world and the effects on his real person. Some people do not want to understand the delicate human situation. The other people quickly judge without all the proper facts, and then make a swiftly decision, that’s both illegal and unethical, also, for the victim.
Well, Flamingo is going act more carefully with all his teenly decisions, that will affect the outcome of his teenly person, starting right now.
Inside the rented hotel room, in front of the bed mattress, Flamingo quickly finishes the packing without surveying the rest of his messy hotel room. He does not care, if he leaves behind one of his personal possessions, here inside his rented hotel room. One of the maids will steal the item for themselves anyways. And he can always replace and purchase the same item, but the personalized medical bag that came from his mother. He has the medical bag nicely tucked away and safe inside one of the soft bags. Flamingo stands upright and turns with a nod and a stern face to see the crusty old security guard, who continues to mouth drool over his parted chapped lips while softly sneering at the teen.
Both of the security guards swing around in silence and exit the hotel room, leading Flamingo down the busy hotel room hallway towards the elevator doors, like a prisoner, in silence. They stop and wait for the moving elevator carriage. The carriage stops on the sixth floor. The elevator doors slid open and reveals a crowd of guests, including adults, teens, and children. The familiar musical song plays from the hidden speakers.
The musical song entitled Somebody’s Watching Me coming from the studio album named Somebody’s Watching Me and was released on January 14, 1984, by the American musical singer and songwriter Rockwell, featuring guest vocals by two brother siblings Michael Jackson and Jermaine Jackson with drummer musician Alan Murray on the drums.
The musical song was written by Kenneth Gordan or the musical artist known as Rockwell. The musical song was written in the key of C sharp minor in time with a tempo of 124 beats-per-minute. The vocals of the musical notes span from fourth octave C sharp to fifth octave C sharp.
The musician played Funk Rock and Pop Rock sounds.
The musical song was produced by Kenneth Gordan and Curtis Anthony Nolen.


Who’s watching?
Tell me! Who’s watching?
Who’s watching me?
I’m just an average man. with an average life
I work from nine to five. Hey! Hell! I pay the price
All I want is to be left alone in my average home
But why do I always feel like I’m in the Twilight Zone?
And

I always feel like somebody’s watching me
And I have no privacy (Oh! Oh!)
I always feel like somebody’s watching me
Tell me! Is it just a dream?

When I come home at night
I bolt the door real tight
People call me on the phone, I’m trying to avoid
But can the people on T.V. see me? Or am I just paranoid?
When I’m in the shower, I’m afraid to wash my hair
Cause, I might open my eyes and find someone standing there
People say, “I’m crazy, just a little touched.”
But maybe, showers remind me of Psycho, too much
That’s why

I always feel like somebody’s watching me
And I have no privacy. (Oh! Oh!)
I always feel like somebody’s watching me
Who’s playing tricks on me?

I don’t know any more
Are the neighbors watching me?
(Who’s watching?)
Well, is the mailman watching me?
(Tell me! Who’s watching?)
And I don’t feel safe, anymore. Oh! What a mess?
I wonder who’s watching me now? (Who?). The I.R.S.?

I always feel like somebody’s watching me
And I have no privacy (Oh! Oh!)
I always feel like somebody’s watching me
Tell me! Is it just a dream?

I always feel like somebody’s watching me
And I have no privacy (Oh! Oh!)
I always feel like somebody’s watching me
Who’s playing tricks on me?

I always feel like somebody’s watching me. (Oh! Oh!)
I always feel like somebody’s watching me
(Who’s watching me?)
I always feel like somebody’s watching me (Oh! Oh!)
I always feel like somebody’s watching me
Who’s playing tricks on me?
I always feel like somebody’s watching me
Can I have my privacy? (Oh! Oh!)
I always feel like somebody’s watching me
Who’s playing tricks on me?


On top of the floor, both of the security guards stand in front of the carriage space and then wave a hand with a stern face to the other curious hotel guests. The tall, elderly guard shouts out to each face. “Get off the elevator carriage right now! We got us a troublemaker over here. Get away from him, if you don’t want any trouble either!”
Flamingo stands in place and gasps in alarm staring at each distorted face and as each distorted face stares back at Flamingo.
Each person swiftly rushes off the elevator carriage with screams of panic, races onto the floor, and then halts, spinning around, pointing at the back spine on Flamingo. Each guest shouts out loud with vile words or whispers about Flamingo.
On top of the hotel floor, Flamingo continues to stand in embarrassment and stares at the rear wall in the carriage while hearing a set of loud and nasty vocal slurs coming from each busybody who does not know his person or his personality. He is a not a criminal or troublemaker. 
They slowly enter the elevator carriage.
Flamingo stops and stands facing the rear wall feeling embarrassment and part anger, without words or actions.
The first guard spins around and nods to the guests leaning over, mouth spitting into Flamingo’s cheekbone, “Are ya too afraid to look at innocent, college student?”
Flamingo firmly states with a set of gritted teeth and faces the rear wall. “I am the innocent here too.”
The second guard presses the ground button on the wall panel with laughter. The carriage swiftly shifts down towards the ground floor. He leans over and laughs into the arm bicep on Flamingo as the male is too short to bad breath at the cheekbone on Flamingo, “Ya got lucky, this time, College Boy! But we’ll be waiting and watching out for you to return to here. Crime-animals like you always return back to the scene of crime. Isn’t that right, College Criminal?”
Flamingo exhales with annoyance at the two rude guards and stares at the wall, wiggling side to side with the three heavy bags slapping his back spine and his two collar bones.
The first guard laughs out loud and tosses his gray skull backwards with enjoyment, “That’s a good one, Leeham!” His bone skull drops down and as he leans over and sneers into the neckline on Flamingo as he is shorter than the teen too. “Did you hear my partner? If you show up here again, be it today or tomorrow or next week or next month, then I’ll arrest and then toss the young punk into one of Birmingham’s police department prison.”
Flamingo grits his teeth and speaks with a firm voice to the wall, “Yes, sir!”
The elevator carriage halts. The doors slide open.

At 12:24 p.m., inside the lobby setting, both hotel security guards exit the elevator carriage and wave both of their arms in the air presenting a distorted face while a familiar musical song plays over the hidden speakers.
The musical song entitled Ladies Love Country Boys was released September 18, 2006 coming from the studio album named Dangerous Man, by the American musical country artist Trace Atkins. The song was written by Jamey Johnson, Rivers Rutherford, and George Teren. The musical song was produced by Frank Rogers.


She grew up in the city in a little subdivision
Her daddy wore a tie
Mama never fried a chicken
Ballet, straight A’s, most likely to succeed

They bought her a car after graduation
Sent her down south for some higher education
Put her on the fast track, to a law degree

Now, she’s coming home to visit
Holding the hand
Of a wild-eyed boy
With a farmer’s tan

And she’s riding in the middle of his pickup truck
Blaring Charlie Daniels, yelling, “Turn it up!”
They raised her up a lady
But there’s one thing they couldn’t avoid
Ladies love country boys

Yeah! You know, mamas and daddies want better for their daughters
Hope they’ll settle down with a doctor or a lawyer
In their uptown, ball gown, hand-me-down royalty

They never understand
Why their princess falls
For some camouflage britches
And a southern boy drawl

Or why she’s riding in the middle of a pickup truck
Blaring Hank, Junior, yelling, “Turn it up!”
They raised her up a lady
But there’s one thing, they couldn’t avoid
Ladies love country boys

You can train them
You can try to teach them right from wrong
But it’s still gonna turn them on

When they go riding in the middle of a pickup truck
Blaring Lynyrd Skynyrd, yelling, “Turn it up!”
You can raise her up a lady
But there’s one thing, you just can’t avoid
Ladies love country boys

They love us country boys, yeah
O yeah! They can’t stand it
It’s that country thing, you know
Yeah! Singing, na, na
All those pretty ladies
I like the na, na


The short security guard shouts out loud and moves ahead towards the hotel registration desk, “Move away! Get away with your life. This here is a troublemaker.”
The taller guard gently shoves people from his footpath and clears the floor strutting ahead towards the registration counter. “Come on, troublemaker! Get moving and get outta of the elevator!”
Inside the carriage floor, Flamingo slowly spins around and stares into the scattered pod of people that have stopped and then stared back at him. He exhales with annoyance, moves ahead with a stern face twisting each bag which hits his back spine and then his two hip bones, and then stops, standing in front of the marble registration counter between each security guard. He twists sideways and drops the three heavy bags of possessions on top of his new pair of yellow tinted athletic shoes, pulling out his wallet, counting out the amount of 220 dollars. He slides the cash pile toward the day manager.
Behind the marble counters, she sneers down at the pile of money shouting with her loud timber. “Is that money counterfeit? If the pile of cash money is counterfeit, then I’ll arrest your person with the crime. Then you will go to jail for the rest of your life.”
Flamingo gasps in shock and turns to see the pod of guests. Some of the guests stop and listen to the new, intense, and dangerous conversation. The other guests move through the lobby with their personal business or fun. He returns back with his silent angry. Flamingo has never been treated as badly as a person and as a teenager before. He has encountered subtle embarrassment coming from the high school principal, his high school teachers, his church preacher, his mother, his sets of grandparents and his two brothers, which led to discipline, not meanness. The reactions from the two experienced security guards and the female hotel day manager are unreasonable. He is not a criminal and has not committed a crime.
Flamingo shakes his new, ass-backwards baseball cap. “No ma’am! The pile of cash came from my personal bank institution. Here’s my paper receipt from my personal bank institution, where I had withdrawal the cash yesterday, ma’am,” he slides the receipt to her.
The female day manager snatches up the receipt and studies the information hissing with disappointment without catching the college criminal in a criminal act. She drops the tiny white colored receipt back down on top of the smooth marble counter without a word and collects the money, counting out in silence, storing the correct amount.
Flamingo reaches out with a gasp and snatches up the tiny piece of paper, that’s proof for his cash wad, storing back inside his wallet. His mind continues to recall the wise words from the young security guard at the first hotel: No one knows which is the bad guy or the good guy.
She looks down at the computer keyboard and prints out the hotel receipt, lifting up, dropping the single piece of paper on top of the flat counter. She sounds with evil laughter.
Flamingo reaches out and snatches up that hotel receipt, bringing it into his face, reading each line. The amount displays 00.00 dollars as his final payment for his rented hotel room. He exhales with worry and places the paper down into one of his pockets for safe-keeping, looking up with a fake smile and a nod to the day manager.
She continues to sneer and then frowns at Flamingo with annoyance.
Flamingo leans down and gathers his bags, standing upright with a fake smile, back stepping between the two security guards, who continue to stand the way like a pair of assholes. He slowly spins around and struts ahead while surveying the lobby, smiling with joy. He veers toward the side wall inside the lobby and silently reads each advertisement and rate on the painted wall. The afternoon day is heated weather, and he needs a mode of better transportation rather than the simple solar bicycle.
The two security guards lean over the marble counter and softly whisper to the day manager, when she gasps in shock and points at the back spine on Flamingo. Each guard spins around with a gasp and dashes ahead with a growl, running ahead, stopping in front of the Flamingo. Each guard lifts a pair of open palms and sneers at the teen.
Flamingo halts with a gasp of shock without commenting to each guard.
The older guard continues to stand and sneers at the college student. “Where are you going, College Criminal? We told you to get outta of here right now. You are to leave the hotel right now.”
The shorter guard wobbles side to side and nods with a sour frown. “Get outta of here! You’re a troublemaker. Do you want us to arrest you for trespassing in here?”
Flamingo gasps in shock and points to the side wall with a smile, where a rental car booth stands without a single customer. “I was going to rent a car…”
“…for your getaway crimes…” the second guard laughs out loud.
The first guard sneers. “You can’t rent a room here.”
Flamingo jabs his finger at the car rental booth and proclaims. “But the car rental company is a separate business from the hotel.”
The tall older guard gasps in alarm then asks. “How do you know that?”
Flamingo nods and says. “I read.”
The short, older guard sneers then comments. “Then, you can’t hear. Get outta of here. Or we’ll arrest you for trespassing on the property.” A new familiar musical song starts to play.
The musical song entitled Small Town Throwdown was released September 18, 2014 coming from the studio album named Just as I Am, by the American musical country artist Brantley Gilbert featuring two singers Justin Moore and Thomas Rhett. The song was written by Dallas Davidson, Rhett Akins, Ben Hayslip and Brantley Gilbert. The musical song was produced by Frank Rogers.


Aw, son
Round these parts there ain’t much to do
Except work like a dog until Friday
Punch that clock
Cash that check raise a little hell until Sunday
It’s about that time

There’s a party back in the woods tonight
Heard it thru the redneck grapevine
Gotta keg of beer and a bunch of girls
Sure enough, gonna be a good time

It’s a small town throwdown
It’s time to tall boy up, let them tailgates down
Yea, man! It’s on tonight right into morning light
Crank that country up loud
It’s a small town throwdown

Ow! We’re about to throw it down, son
Now, we gotta field full of daisy dukes
Round here, we know how to grow them
Rocking little body and long tan legs
Shore ain’t scared to show them, naw

Show a little son, girl
Somebody said, “Them, city boys
Riding around looking for some trouble
If they bring it cross that county line
You know, there’s gonna be a rumble

It’s a small town throwdown
It’s time to tall boy up, let them tailgates down
Yea, man! It’s on tonight right into morning light
Crank that country up loud
It’s a small town throwdown

Come on
It’s a small town

It’s time to tall boy up
Let them tailgates down
Yea, man! It’s on tonight
Right in to the morning light
Crank that country up loud

It’s a small town throwdown(throwdown)
It’s a small town throwdown
It’s time to tall boy up
Let them tailgates down
Aw, man! It’s on tonight

Right in the morning light
Crank that country up loud
It’s a small town throwdown
It’s a small town throwdown
Now, that’s country!
Ha, ha, son!


“Yes, sir!” Flamingo nods with a stern face and back steps from the two guards, slowly spinning around, strutting ahead towards a wall of glass doors then exits the hotel.

At 12:31 pm, at the city street level, within the hot temperatures of a blazing sunlight, Flamingo slowly moves ahead starting to sweat on his face and neck, slowly strutting towards a rack of solar bicycles and then stops at the end of the rack. He reaches out, jerking the bike from the metal post with fury, shuffling the three bags over the handle bars and inside the front basket carriage. He sweats in water and wipes off his face and neck with annoyance, straddling the seat with a deep sigh, surveying each street, every building, the rushing people, and the bright sunshine. He reaches down and grabs the pair of sunglasses, whipping them over his eyeballs that protect his pair of sensitive irises, not his sweating body.
He reaches out and grabs the handle bars, continuing to survey the vanilla-colored walkway holding walking people while feeling deep annoyance. He ponders, “What to do now? I need a new hotel room getting away from the sun and the heat.”
Flamingo presses the ignition button and starts to shift the two pedals slowly performing a soft putt-putt sound down the sidewalk towards the next hotel, slowing the speed on the bike and then stops underneath the cool shade of the hotel veranda, sliding the solar bike near the high flower bed of pretty roses. He nods with a smile. “The shady spot is nice here. I can find a new hotel room in here. No, I need a car. I’m getting low on cash. I need to rent a car and drive back home to Lacy Springs and see Arie. I need to say ‘Hi’ and then spend the night in my bedroom, at my house, and then pack up all of my personal clothes. Well, my closet of clothes belongs to her,” he smiles. “I wonder, if she’ll chase me down and then arrest my naked body,” he laughs, “Maybe not!”
He shuffles off the bike seat leaning the bike against the tall, concrete, flower bed with numerous pretty rows of roses, removing his three bags of possessions. He whispers to the landscape, “No stealing my treasures!” Flamingo laughs. “The city of Birmingham is the tenth dangerous city in the entire U.S. of A.”
He doesn’t want his new clothes and the stack of expensive college textbook stolen either. He shifts a heavy bag over his back spine and both of his two collar bones sounding with a heavy grunt, spinning around and slowly struts into an air-conditioned lobby space.

At 12:39 p.m., Flamingo enters the semi-dark and air-conditioned lobby and turns to the side wall, staring at a row of car rental companies, moving to the last one. He hears the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Talking in Your Sleep was released on September 1983, by the American rock and roll musical band, who hailed from the city of Detroit, within the U.S. State of Illinois and was named The Romantics.
The song was written by George Canler; James Marinos; Michael Skill, Peter Solley, and Walter Palamarchuk. The musical song was produced by Peter Solley. The musical band played Rock and Roll and New Wave sounds.


When you close your eyes and go to sleep
And it’s down to the sound of a heartbeat
I can hear the things that you’re dreaming about
When you open up your heart
And the truth comes out

You tell me that you want me
You tell me that you need me
You tell me that you love me
And I know that I’m right
Cause, I hear it in the night

I hear the secrets that you keep
When you’re talking in your sleep
When I hold you, in my arms, at night
Don’t you know? You’re sleeping in the spotlight
And all your dreams that you keep inside
You’re telling me the secrets
That you just can’t hide
When you close your eyes and you fall asleep
Everything about you is a mystery


Flamingo stops and stands at the tan colored flat counter smiling at a tall, slender brown haired girl. “Hello. I would like to rent a car.”
The girl smiles with a nod, “What type of vehicle do you require for your trip, sir?”
He laughs. “Any car…”
She nods with a smile and looks down, typing on the computer keyboard. “I am looking up the next available vehicle. I need to see a valid driver’s license please.” He lowers the three bags down onto his ankle bone and stands upright, whipping out his wall, handing his driver’s license with a smile.
She accepts the item and reads the information, dropping the item down to the counter, nodding with a smile, “Yes, you are eighteen years old and eligible to rent a car.”
“O!”
She continues to type on the keyboard. “I need to see your credit card. I must run the rental car payment through before you can rent the vehicle.”
“Uh! I don’t have my credit card on my person, but I have cash.”
She looks up with a gasp and shakes her rose-colored cap. “What! I must use your credit card, sir.”
He smiles. “Well, that’s not a problem. I have a credit card but not on my person right now. So, I can use my wad of cash for the…”
“No, I cannot accept a wad of cash for a car rental.”
He frowns, “Why not?”
She exhales with annoyance. “It is a policy from the rental company. A cash transaction can lead to fraud or bribery or dishonesty with a wad of free and a non-traceable source of cash money. Or the driver can drive off with the car using the cash without tracking down the individual. I was taught the company policy during my training. I cannot take the wad of cash, sir. If I do and you drive off with the rental car, I could lose my job. So, please, present to me your credit card for the car rental, sir.”
He exhales then states. “I only have cash.”
She shakes her cap and says with a stern face. “I am sorry. I cannot rent you a car…”
“Doe each rental car company share the same cash policy?”
She looks around Flamingo and smiles at the next customer saying to the new face, “Yes sir! I am sorry. Good bye, sir! Can I help the next person in line please?” The next customer stumbles ahead and smashes a shoe into one of the three bags on the floor that belongs to Flamingo, reaching the tan counter, speaking to the rental car clerk.
Flamingo continues to stand at the counter and exhales with disappointment. He expresses, “Yeah, me, too! Thank you!” He leans down and grabs lifting up his three, heavy bags of possessions, sounding with a deep grunt. He greatly desires to trash the heavy items. He slowly backsteps away from the tan-colored counter feeling both sad and depressed. The next customer slightly shoves the arm into Flamingo hogging the counter space sounding with a loud sneer and a soft string of vile cuss words.
Flamingo slowly spins around and faces the wall of glass, slowly strutting ahead, exhaling with disappointment. His first few days in a new city have been a terrible experience as new college student.

At 12:42 p.m., he exits the hotel lobby and hits the heated air, whispering for his eardrums only. “What to do now? If I can’t rent a car, then I’ll rent a new hotel room. I have money,” he turns to the side building wall underneath the shaded veranda and moves ahead towards the flower bed, without seeing the solar bike. He stops and then gasps in alarm.
The outside hotel guard follows Flamingo and then stops behind the back spine on Flamingo with a sneer. “Are you looking for something, kid?”
Flamingo points down to the pavement with puzzlement. “Yes, I left a solar bike right here near the flowers.”
He frowns. “O! That was you. This is a not a common parking lot for bikes or tricycles. The solar bike rack is located down at the street corner. Are you a hotel guest here, sir?”
Flamingo looks up with a gasp and stares at the tiny hill that blocks the city street intersection without seeing the sneer on the hotel guard, “No.”
He growls into the back spine on Flamingo. “Then, move along, kid! Or I’ll arrest you and call the police.”
“Yes sir!” Flamingo slowly struts ahead and wears a sour frown without arguing with another hotel security guard, who seem to possess the same power as Almighty God. He shifts each heavy bag over a different body part while slowly moving ahead towards the solar bicycle rack in the heated sunlight, sweating in stinky water. Before he reaches the end of the street intersection, Flamingo approaches a new hotel veering into the lobby to rent a new air-conditioned hotel room, hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled Stop Draggin’ My Heart Around coming from the studio album Bella Donna and was released on July 8, 1981, by the American musical artist Stevie Nicks. The musical song was produced by Tom Petty and Jimmy Lovine. The musical song was written by Tom Petty and Michael Campbell. The musician played Blues and Rock sounds.
The band members included Stevie Nicks (lead vocals); Lori Perry (backing vocals); Sharon Celani (backing vocals); Tom Petty (lead vocals; guitar); Michael Campbell (lead guitar); Benmont Tench (organ); Stan Lynch (drums); Donald Dunn (bass guitar) and Phil Jones (percussion).


Baby, you’ll come knocking on my front door
Same old line you used to use before
And I said, “Yeah! Well! What am I supposed to do?”
I didn’t know, what I was getting into

So, you’ve had a little trouble in town
Now, you’re keeping some demon down
Stop dragging my, stop dragging my….
Stop dragging my heart around

It’s hard to think about what you’ve wanted
It’s hard to think about what you’ve lost
This doesn’t have to be the big Get Even
This doesn’t have to be anything at all

I know, you really wanna tell me goodbye
I know, you really wanna be your own girl

Baby, you could never look me in the eye
Yeah, you buckle with the weight of the words
Stop dragging my, stop dragging my….
Stop dragging my heart around

There’s people running around loose in the world
Ain’t got nothing better to do
Make a meal of some bright eyed kid
You need someone looking after you

I know, you really wanna tell me goodbye
I know, you really wanna be your own girl

Baby, you could never look me in the eye
Yeah, you buckle with the weight of the words
Stop dragging my, stop dragging my….
Stop dragging my heart around

Stop dragging my heart around
Stop dragging my heart around (Hey-hey-hey-hey)
Stop dragging my heart around (Hey-hey-hey-hey)
Stop dragging my heart around



At 12:55 p.m., Flamingo exits the same hotel with a sour frown feeling annoyance angry, disappointment and worry.
The new hotel is the sister hotel of the Birmingham Plaza Inn. His request for a new hotel room rental had been rejected by the day manager at the registration desk.
The day manager from the Birmingham Plaza Inn quickly reached out, contacted each sister hotel, and advised the desk personnel not to rent a hotel room to Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth.
Leaving the shaded veranda of the new hotel, Flamingo slowly struts down the vanilla-colored sidewalk in the baking sun towards another solar bicycle rack. He whispers, “New plan! Find a hotel, that’s not owned by the Birmingham Plaza Inn.” He stops and then slips down the three bags over each stationary bicycle part, sliding down on a new solar bike, slowly pedals in the opposite direction on a different city street.
He prays for better luck now. Else, Flamingo will be sleeping on top of the wet grass inside the dog park, if he can find a grassy plot here within the concrete and steel city of Birmingham.
The solar bike slowly performs a putt-putt down a long, vanilla-tinted sidewalk and as Flamingo slowly scoots around each individual or a pod of people turning to see each building. He immediately crosses off each structure, if not a hotel building and then smiles in hope veering the bike towards a new rack of metal.

At 01:11 pm, Flamingo parks the bike and slips off the heavy three bags, entering the cold air-conditioned lobby of the new hotel building.

At 01:13 pm, he exits with a sour frown. The room rate is outrageous with his limited pocket of cash.
Each hotel room was booked for a visiting family clan with a newly excited college student enrolled in Birmingham University or Birmingham A & M or the School of Law or the School of Medicine, before June, the first, like Flamingo.
Flamingo slowly struts back in the heated sunlight and wipes off a sweaty face, moving ahead towards the rack of bikes at the city street intersection, whispering for his eardrums only, “Geez! I’ve only been here and present a few days in a new city with not one, but numerous terrible experiences as a new college student at Burn U. And I’m not quitting. I am not a quitter. I’m glad that I’m only living here in Birmingham for two years as an undergraduate and three years a future medical fellow. And I don’t have a credit card which would supplement my limited cash. Well, tomorrow is not here soon enough. Stupid pair of hoodlums! Next time, I’ll fight. No! Next time, I’m more careful with my money and my life,” he laughs out loud and then stops, standing in front of the rack of metal, jerking off a new solar bike from the metal slot.
The handle bars are heated making his two naked hands sweat in water. The hot sunlight beats down on his baseball cap. He straddles the seat with a light grunt and then slowly performs a putt-putt down the same vanilla-tinted sideway around each walking individual.
The bike steers a few feet from the rake of metal and then halts in place without power.
Flamingo sits on top of the seat and slaps both shoes down on top of the hard sidewalk, holding up the solar bike. He reaches over, pressing the ignition button with a loud sneer.
The solar bike does not ignite with the tiny purr-purr tone.
He leans down over one kneecap with confusion and surveys each mechanic part on the bike, not seeing a dangling exposed wire or a bomb of colored sparks of heat. The exterior bike equipment appears undamaged.
He sits upright and presses the starter button on the single handle bar over and over again with annoyance. Then, he leans down and slowly examines the tiny bar which acts as a dashboard.
On the tiny metal dashboard, a tiny lighted box displays the current day, the current time, the latitude and longitude position of the solar electric bike, and a curved dial that represents the solar battery efficiency.
He gasps in alarm then states. “The solar battery efficiency gauge is zero percent. Why would the battery dial display zero percent?” Flamingo frowns with confusion and whips out his mobile telephone while sweating in the heated sunlight, reading out loud for his eardrums only. “The solar cell conversion efficiency is zero percent. Why would that be so? Within the solar cell panel, an increase in cell temperature will result in an increase of cell resistance within a semi-conductor. Well, the air temperature is only 103 degrees out here. So, that must be my problem. One of the solar cell panels has overheated,” he laughs out loud and then continues to read out loud the information on the tiny screen. “If the cell temperature is over 77 degrees Fahrenheit, then solar cell panel will generate less power. That’s my problem! Each solar panel has overheated and actually doesn’t produce any electricity waves. So, I’m not going anywhere,” he laughs.
“Or a third problem is shading on one or more of each solar cell panel by a tree branch or a tall shade tree,” Flamingo looks back over his collar bone and studies the docking station with puzzlement. “The docking station is not surrounded by a grove of shade trees. It stands in the middle of the sidewalk and sweats in the sunlight, like me,” he returns back and reads out loud among the heavy traffic on the sidewalk. “If one or more of the embedded solar cell panels is shaded away from the direct sunlight, then the output for that solar cell panel will change dramatically. Then, the stored sunlight power inside the battery will start to dissipate. That’s the problem! Each solar cell panel has dissipated from…from…what. What has caused each solar cell panel to dissipate without power, without motion,” he gasps in alarm and sits upright from the seat, parking both of his long legs on top of the concrete, shouting out loud. “No. No. Some idiot had forgot to rack the solar bike back into the docking solar power station, which charges the battery through the set of embedded solar cell panels on each wheel, when it is parked in the heated and blinking Bama sunlight. Ugh! This solar bicycle is not juiced up with sunlight power.”
He drops down the two other bags on top of the concrete with a soft thud and then violently bounces up and down between the seat and on top of the concrete, shouting out loud, waving both of his arms in the air and tosses back his skull. “No! No! No! This cannot be happening to me. Not now! I have no other transport but by feet.”
“Hey, guy!” A tall, dark skinned teen female stands beside the nose profile on Flamingo, nodding with a smile. “I don’t know what your problem is. But, are you going to continue your travels with that solar bike?”
Flamingo gasps in alarm and looks down, turning to see the tall teenager girl, wiping off the mouth salvia and body sweat. He comments, “The bike battery is dead.”
She smiles with a nod then says. “O! That’s no prob! An E-bike can be used as a regular bicycle, if no power is available inside the battery.”
He gasps in shock and then wipes off sweat from his upper lips, mumbling a string of words in embarrassment. “O! Thanks for sharing that valuable information. I’m sorry. I’m still using the solar bike, like a bicycle, now.”
“Okay!” She replies and back steps away from Flamingo and then spins around moving back the next docking station, at the street intersection, for another solar bike.
“Shit!” Flamingo whispers with embarrassment and reaches down lifting up the heavy three bags, dropping them down on top of each collar bone and sounds with a loud grunt of both pain and annoyance. He positions each sole on top of a hard pedal and wears a sour frown, whispering for his eardrums only, “Maybe, I should go back elementary school, instead of starting college as a junior student. Geez! I’m the asshole here,” he slowly pedals ahead and stares at each building without seeing a different hotel.

At 01:33 p.m., in the hot temperatures with blinding sunlight, his pair of eyeballs views the fast food restaurant and as his frown turns into a grin.
He veers to the side and smoothly pedals down the nice pavement, stopping in front of the speaker box in front of the visual menu exhibition with individual food items.
The female voice coming out from the black colored speaker box shouts out loud, “Welcome to Dee Dee’s Restaurant! What’s your order, please?”
Flamingo nods with a smile and orders. “I’d like a tall cup of sweet tea.”
“Is that all, sir?”
“Yes.”
“Your total food item is one dollar and twenty-six cents, sir.”
“Thank you,” he replies and slowly pedals on top of the pavement and then turns the building, stopping in front of the payment window, presenting a smile. He whips out his wallet and looks down into the pouch.
Behind the glass window, the young adult female restaurant attendant gasps in alarm and stares down at Flamingo. “Who are you? What are you doing here?”
He looks up and waves the twenty-dollar bill near his grin. “I ordered a large cup of sweet tea. Man, it’s blistering hot out here. I’m sorry. I only have a twenty-dollar bill.”
She frowns then states. “Sir, I cannot serve you.”
He frowns then asks, “Why not?”
“You must be driving a car.”
He laughs then comments. “I’m steering a motorized solar electric bicycle that moves at ten miles-per-hour.”
“Sir, it’s illegal for you to ride a bicycle through the driver-thru window here. You must leave right now. Or I’ll contact the police and have you removed from the drive-thru, sir.”
He exhales with annoyance, not fright then states, “Yes, ma’am! All right! I’m going ahead, very slowly. I’m performing a putt-putt ahead in both thirst and hungry, leaving ya’ll. Bye! So long!” He reaches the end of the building and then veers back toward the city street. Flamingo is not purchasing a tall, cold beverage from the rude female attendee or the silly restaurant.

At 01:45 p.m., on top of the vanilla-colored sidewalk, within the heated day of bright blinking sunlight, Flamingo continues to steer and feels like an elementary student on his first day of school, sitting on top of the grassy playground without his mother and his favorite stuff toy while wishing for both.
During the summer days, on each McCory family vacation, Arie and her three sons visited and stayed inside a hotel within numerous cities throughout the state of Alabama. As a young kid, he and his two brothers would horseplay inside the rented hotel room, down the busy hallway, inside the enclosed elevator, and out in the lobby. However, Arie was always present and sometimes yelling at her three mischievous sons. His family clan was not a band of barbarians, but a civilized family unit.
However, today, his two brothers Breck and Cinco arrived here in Birmingham under their motherly order from Arie and then created the major chaos causing more trouble for Flamingo.
Now, Flamingo is homeless, alone, hot, heated, mad, and annoyed, without Arie, Breck, and Cinco. But he’s an adult living in the adult work and also a college student, who will live in the college environment and does not need his mother or his two brothers.
Flamingo whispers for his eardrums only. “Yeah, I’m an adult now.” He slowly pedals ahead and wipes his sweaty brow, turning to view each building. He slowly passes by a food and gasoline station, where he can purchase a tall, cold beverage, but he might lose the bicycle to another eager and unlucky teenager. And he does not feel like hauling a set of three heavy bags of personal stuff over each collar bone on top of the hard concrete sidewalk in the middle of the heated day.
He slowly steers ahead and continues to scan each side on the busy city street, passing each building and a string of small outside vendor. Then he halts with a gasp and back pedals the bicycle, stopping in front of a car lot. A cloth banner over the two entrance poles read: Rent-A-Lemon.
On each side of the red-colored rusty upright pole, a line of ugly, multiple colored, slightly dented vehicles stands in the heat, without a driver.
Flamingo whispers for his eardrums sounding with soft evil laughter, “If I rent a car from here, then I can drive back home and beat up Breck and Cinco first and then go and see Arie at the hospital second. Third, then I can sleep in my bed and pee in my bathroom. Fourth, then I can get my clothes and more money from bank and come back and stay here on the first day of college. The story. The end.”

At 01:40 pm, he slides off the bicycle and stands upright, releasing the handle bar. The solar bicycle does not have a kick stand and drops down falling on top of the hard concrete. Flamingo spins around with a gasp and then frowns, slipping off the three heavy bags of possessions, draping them over the bicycle.
No teen will steal the solar bike with his possessions covering the metal.
He spins around with a gasp and hears the laughter coming from the two adult males.
The privately owned and operated tiny Rental Car Company exhibits two tall poles in dull red hue which appear as an orange hue. On each side of the pole, seven vehicles of various sizes, shapes, colors, and models pose in the bright sunlight. Between the two poles, a gray-tinted card table sits alone underneath a ratty, dirty tan-colored canopy tent. Behind the card table, two individual ugly lounge chairs are positioned a few feet away from the table edge and contain one uglier male. On top of table surface, a radio plays really loud in volume and as the musical song flows into each pair of human eardrums.
The musical song entitled Turn up the Radio coming from the studio album Sign In Please and was released on December 22, 1984, by the American glam metal musical band Autograph. The musical song was produced by Neil Kernon. The musical song was written by Keni Richards; Randy Rand; Steve Lynch; Steven Ernest Isham and Steven L. Plunkett.
The members of the band included Steve Plunkett, (lead vocals; rhythm guitar); Steve Lynch (lead guitar); Steve Isham (keyboards); Randy Rand (bass guitar) and Keni Richards (drums).


Turn it up!
Girl!

I’m working hard; you’re working too
We do it every day
For every minute, I have to work
I need a minute of play
Day in, day out! All week long
Things go better with rock
The only time, I turn it down
Is when I’m sleeping it off

Turn up the radio
I need the music, gimme some more
Turn up the radio
I want to feel it, got to gimme some more

Now listen!
I want to shake; I want to dance
So, count it off a one, two, three
I feel the beat; I’m in a trance
No better place to be
Daytime, nighttime, anytime
Things go better with rock
I’m going twenty-four hours a day
I can’t seem to stop

Turn up the radio
I need the music, gimme some more

Turn up the radio
I want to feel it, got to gimme some more
Turn up the radio
I want to feel it, got to gimme some more

Turn up the radio
I need the music, gimme some more
(Yeah!)
Turn up the radio
I want to feel it got to gimme some more
(Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!)

Turn up the radio
(Come on!)
I need the music, gimme some more
(Everybody)
Turn up the radio
(Turn it up!)

I want to feel it, got to gimme some more
(Whoooooooooooooooooooo!)
Turn up the radio
(Turn it up!)

I need the music, gimme some more
(Gimme some more)
Turn up the radio

(Whew! Come on!)
I want to feel it, got to gimme some more
(Gimme all you got!)
Turn up the radio


Flamingo slowly moves away from the ground bike and wears a silly smile of embarrassment, regarding the solar bike incident, and struts ahead towards the two poles, the card table, and the two males.
“Look at the freshman college dork!” A short, plump, pale-skinned, blonde-haired young adult male states and continues to sit in the ugly orange-tinted lounge chair, with an ugly pink-tinted foot stool, laughing out loud, without pointing to Flamingo. He holds an electric air fan to his face and a tall, cold beverage in one hand wearing an oversized sleeveless, wrinkled tee shirt in white hue with a semi-naked girl on the front chest, a pair of wrinkled and dirty tan colored walking shorts, and a pair of ratty tan colored flip-flops on his naked feet. He asks, “Did your mommy dress your ugly ass, this morning, before or after giving out your lunch money for a plate of burger and fries?” He laughs along with the second young male.
Flamingo stops in front of the gray-tinted card table without a stack of playing cards, with two individual young males, gasping in shock, balling both of his hands into a pair of fighting fists at the insult to his person. He has been insulted and abused too much within the heated day. So, maybe, the two young males need a lesson in southern manners regarding that verbal attack on his newly perceived college boy image. And maybe, Flamingo needs to relief some of his teenly penned up frustration at the same.
Then, he exhales with a deep breath and uncurls both of his fighting fists, nodding with a smile at the two young adult males. Maybe, Flamingo should change his mind and play on the football field, expelling some of his penned up extreme anger and frustration as a new Burn U college student while living within the strange and nasty city of Birmingham.
Or maybe, Flamingo needs to build an invisible shield around his mind reflecting off each nasty harmless verbal comment coming from every older, wiser, and smart ass adult. He’s not living in the tiny cow town of Lacy Springs anymore. He’s an adult male and a new college student surviving his new chosen college lifestyle within the big, bad, metro city of Birmingham.
On top of the heated vanilla-colored concrete slab, behind the card table, inside a second ratty orange-colored lounge chair, a tall slender young adult male laughs out loud staring at Flamingo, wearing a white tinted sleeveless tee shirt with a different semi-naked girl on his flat chest, a pair of wrinkled blue tinted running shorts, and a pair of dark blue ratty flip-flops over his two naked feet. He asks, “Are you a freshman at Burn U or Bam U, college kid?”
Flamingo gasps in shock and then slowly touches his chest, where the new tee shirt clearly shows the name of the university in big, bold white tinted letters: Burn U. He smiles, “Burn U.” The two males sound with their vile loud laughter. Flamingo laughs along coming from the funny joke on his person with his good humor.
The slender male possesses a head of long brown-tinted hair strands and smiles with a full beard. He asks, “You didn’t seem sure, kid. Are you sure, college kid?”
Flamingo nods with a smile and taps his shirt for a second time, saying with a smile. “Yeah, I’m shore.”
A second male sips a cold bottle of beer in the open air, smiling at Flamingo. He asks, “What do you want, kid?”
Flamingo nods and points at the line of stationary automobiles then informs. “I’d like to rent a lemon from your small business company. What are the rules here?”
The slender male reaches over and slaps the naked sweaty arm on his plump business partner, shaking his skull with laughter. He states, “Well, we don’t have a rule. We offer a business arrangement. Do you wanna enter into a business arrangement?”
Flamingo nods with a smile while feeling a bit of embarrassment regarding his silly high school terminology. He says, “Yes, I would like to investigate the business arrangement with your private company first.”
The second male nods with a smile and points at Flamingo. He states, “Now, this college kid possesses some smarts, unlike the other high school dummies.”
The first male slowly stands upright from the chair and grabs one of the cold beverages, handing to Flamingo, nodding with a grin. He invites, “Come on, kid! I’ll introduce you to our lovely inventory of colorful lemons,” he spins around and slowly moves ahead advancing behind the trunk hood on the first ugly automobile.
Flamingo accepts the beverage and opens the tab quickly gulping down the cold drink, spinning around with a smile and dashes ahead, without his three bags of items. He pulls up beside the owner, slowly strutting down a row of stationary, slightly dented, and ugly vehicles. He stops with a gasp and points down at the multi-colored vehicle with laughter. He says, “Silly!”
The owner of Rent-A-Lemon turns and frowns down at the car. He exclaims, “What!”
Flamingo slowly moves around the stationary vehicle, saying with a smile and a nod. “That’s a muscle car which is usually described with the adjective, tough, and is usually presented in one solid color hue base. This is a silly-looking car with a pink fender on the back and a pale blue fender on the other backside, a yellow fender on the front and a midnight black fender on the other front side. The engine hood is colored in dark green. The side door displays dark blue hue and the driver’s side door is gray tint. The trunk hood is orange color. What happened to the paint job? Did your house of painters die?”
He laughs then states. “No.”
Flamingo continues to circle the car and frowns down at the ugly design, stopping at the trunk rear end on the Mustang, studying the car. He explains, “The muscle sports car lacks the infamous one or double white racing stripes, like the other cool Mustangs, but it possesses a set of black fifteen-inched wheels. The engine hood is bulged up and then humpbacked like a whale. The wheel is arched out and there’s a rear spoiler in a tone of fancy, girly lavender tint. There isn’t a front grill of steel but one gigantic front intake of shout strength. And the rooftop is bright red that blinds my eyeballs,” he laughs.
The owner follows Flamingo and continues to point at the heated rooftop on the ugly car parking beside the teen. He states, “This baby holds a 5.8-liter supercharged V-8 engine and flies from a resting pose of zero miles-per-hour to 60 miles-per-hour in 3.5 seconds. It runs a quarter mile tire marks in 11.6 seconds at 125 miles-per-hour, kid. This muscle car can go up to 200 miles-per-hour, if you dare, buddy.”
“How’s it possible for you to receive a muscle car at your thriving private business venture, Rent-A-Lemon?”
He frowns at the car then says to Flamingo. “Do you wanna rent it? Or no way!”
Flamingo smiles then states, “Well, I might be interested in renting the ugly lemon. I’m traveling ninety miles north of here in Birmingham. I wanna ensure a good but ugly ride, without hitchhiking for a different ride on the interstate, which is against the law.”
He gasps then asks. “Are you in trouble with the law, kid? We don’t check for speeding tickets or jail time with a potential client? But, sometimes, I can tell.”
“No, sir! I’ve never been in trouble with the law. And I do not want to start today. I’m asking about the history of this particular rental lemon. That’s all.”
He waves a hand with a smile and explains. “Each vehicle comes out from the police department impound lot.”
“What!”
He laughs then asks, “Why’s that so shocking, kid?”
Flamingo shakes his ass-backwards cap and frowns then states. “I don’t know. It’s just shockingly shared information. That’s all.”
“Well, the shared information is this. You pay me twenty dollars for the number of days that you wanna rent the lemon. Each lemon contains two gallons of gasoline to make it to the nearest gasoline station for a tank of gas. You come back and make sure two gallons or more of gasoline is inside the tank on your dollar, not my dollar. You return the lemon back to me. Then your obligation ends with my private company.”
Flamingo nods with a smile then states. “I can do that.”
“Now, if you wreck the lemon or get caught with illegal but pleasurable drug or illegal but pleasure bottle of beer or another illegal but pleasurable item or person, we deny all claims of you. Then, the car becomes your property along with the police record which is all clear and clean from my company.”
Flamingo gasps then states. “How’s that even possible for me to own a car without full payment of the blue book value, sir?”
He points with a grin to Flamingo and exclaims. “I like you, kid. You ask a lot of questions that my other former clients do not. How’s that possible? Well, the impounded car inside the police station is taking up a lot of space, especially in the summertime days and nights. Some of the owners are jailed and can’t pay the fee. Some of the owners don’t want the car back. So, once per month the police department auctions off these impounded cars. We got some. We don’t. We got them shine up and then sitting here in our parking lot business venture. Then we rent out the car. However, the nice car usually ends up in a car wreck from a bad college driver or back inside the police impound. We got our car out with a five buck charge. Then, my friend fixes up the crashed automobile and returns it back into our parking lot. Then I rent the lemon out again,” he laughs.
“That’s a great business arrangement, sir.”
He nods then asks, “Do you want the Mustang or no?”
“How did you acquire the Mustang? This is a muscle car. Even with the dents and the ugly colors, a high school dickhead would be crying on top of the toilet for one of these babies.”
“You, my man, understand the world of power.”
Flamingo nods with a laugh then states. “Yes, I do.”
He pats the trunk with a smile and explains. “This baby had been purchased by a dumbass foolish college student, who crashed it. Then, he took it to the collision body shop, where he ordered all kinds of upgrades plus fixing the wrecked damage. However, the owner of the collision body shop realized too late that the poor but smarter college student didn’t have enough cash to cover what the insurance company didn’t. So, he kept the car and gave it to his own dumb ass kid, who foolishly got a speeding ticket and some jail time. So, a friend, of a friend, got the car towed here for free. The father wanted it out of his life and his kid’s life. In which, by the way is the smarter move for a loving father with a sixteen-year-old loving son. So, the car is here and owned by me.”
Flamingo nods with a smile then states. “I concur with the wise decision of the father, for the love of his teen son. A life form is too precious to waste. Why hasn’t any one else rented the lemon? It might look ugly, but it’s a very expensive piece of junk and can outrun any other machine on the roadway.”
He smiles then says. “Well, most of the college students need a ride out towards suburbia to party or see friends or a fast replacement automobile, until they get another car from mommy or daddy, after their silly car accident. I would guess that the engine is too powerful. One guy rented it. It cost too much money in gasoline, he said. The gas tank gets 14 miles-per-gallon on the road. The day is heated like the desert out here in Birmingham and it is not even close to the blistering summertime days. One time, it hit 110 degrees out here in the bright sunshine. A college student struggles to eat a plate of food but goes to class to better his life. A poorer college student can do both but can’t afford a gas-guzzler like this here car. The end of my sad fairy tale! The car is here and gassed and available for rental. What do you think, sir?”
Flamingo nods with a smile then exclaims. “Yes, I greatly desire to rent the car. I’m traveling 90 minutes north to home, staying for two days, and then coming back here into Birmingham, returning the car. So, that’s forty dollars, is that correct, sir?”
“Correct-a-mondo! I need to see your automobile insurance car and take a snap with my mobile telephone camera for my records.”
Flamingo gasps then asks, “Why?”
“An automobile insurance card insures the person to drive any car, not the car. So, if you wreck my car, then your ass is sued, not by me. Even thou, we make your sign your name in blood without a legal paper keeping me from getting sued also.”
Flamingo clears his dry throat feeling worry. The police department towed away both his sports car and his automobile insurance card giving the items back to Arie, a few days ago. He exhales with a huff of concern then stutters. “I…I don’t have an automobile insurance card. I mean, if I did, then I would possess a car.”
He smiles then explains. “That’s okay. We charge five hundred dollars in cash for you to purchase you own insurance policy through our privately owned insurance company.”
Flamingo laughs then exclaims. “O! I see the co…continuation of your personal services here.”
He frowns then states with a firm tone. “Yes, I see, too. Do you get the five hundred bucks for the car, kid?”
“Yes, sir,” Flamingo states and pulls money from his wallet and waves it near his grin, “I have a wad of five hundred dollar bills to purchase my very own automobile insurance in order to rent a lemon,” he slaps the money down into the open palm on the young male owner.
The owner closes his hand and the deal, nodding with a smile, spinning around and moves ahead back towards the card table with his business partner. He shouts, “Come this way, my new friend! You need to sign in with your personal blood and urine on our stack of voluminous pages of paperwork, before you can drive the car.”
“With pleasure!” Flamingo replies and reaches out touching the car with a head nod, spinning around with vile laughter. He whispers for his eardrums only, “Fuck you, Arie!”

At 02:03 p.m., in the bright sunlight of a heated day, Flamingo abandons the solar bike. Actually, someone had stolen it but left Flamingo’s three bags on top of the sidewalk.
He finishes the cold beverage leaving the empty can on top of the cardboard table. He crouches down over the card table with his three bags of personal possessions hugging his naked ankles and signs the paperwork in sweat balls, instead of blood proteins, accepting the car fob, standing upright from the wobbling card table with laughter. He steals a bottle of water and then slowly backsteps from the card table picking up his three bags, slowly spinning around, wearing a smile. He advances ahead towards the parked rental car. The young owner moves with Flamingo and then stops beside the closed driver’s door, reaching out, jerking the door open for his new customer with a smile.
Flamingo tosses the three bags into the passenger seat and places the bottled water inside the cup holder, sliding down into the new leather driver’s seat in dark brown hue next to a second newly matching leather seat, caressing the silver-tinted steering wheel with both of his sweaty hands, looking down at the console bump between the two bucket chairs. “Damn! No six-speed manual transmission. I like a stick. I need a stick, but the automatic pedal with do for now. Well, this is a loaner model, until I can attack my bank account and buy a new sports car, tomorrow morning.”
“Watch your hands and your feet, kid!” The owner caresses the interior of the door and presses the button, rolling down the window. He slowly backsteps from the open car door, slamming the driver’s door shut, sounding with a heavy grunt. The door does not close properly but slightly bounces off the door frame.
Inside the driver’s chair, Flamingo turns and gasps in panic, staring at the loose driver’s door which slightly hangs off the door grid.
The owner laughs out loud and touches the metal then states. “This side of the car was wrecked by the college kid. The front passenger door is working properly, not this one too good. Watch your hands and feet, again, kid!” The owner pulls the damaged driver’s door as far back as possible and slams the metal back down into the door frame sounding with a heavy grunt. The driver’s door sticks. He cheers with a smile and leans down through the open window, staring at Flamingo, “Yeah! Ya gotta slam it good. Then it works great.”
Flamingo studies the closed driver’s door feeling worry then softly states. “Okay.”
The owner taps the open window frame and smiles nodding to Flamingo. “Well, this is my exit. You drive carefully and under the speed limit, if you’re a smart kid,” he back steps from the improperly closed door with loud laughter and nods again to Flamingo.
Inside the seat, Flamingo slams his shoulder down into the closed driver’s door without hearing a set of loud cracks or moans or groans in metal pain, sitting upright with semi-satisfaction that he will not fall out of a rolling car. He nods back with a fake smile to the owner while pondering his teenly decision to rent a lemon car. He exhales with confidence. The driver’s door is both shut and closed for his driving safety. So, he can climb over the console and then exit through the passenger side door, if he must.
He returns back to the dashboard console and quickly scans the instrumentation panel in an unfamiliar vehicle with great care, adjusting each side and rear view mirror for a safe trip back home to Lacy Springs.
He starts the cold engine and hears the throaty gurgle sound coming from the twin tail pipes and the ear-deafening lion-like roar of the powerful V8 engine.
A V8 engine had been the popular machine on each 1960s and 1970s era of muscle cars. Then when the Oil Crisis of 1972 hit the United States of America, the American automobile factories started producing a tiny compact car that saved both gasoline and money dollars for each American citizen, which foreverly changed the size of an American automobile.
Inside the driver’s seat, Flamingo continues to scan the electronic dashboard and marvels at the new technology coming from the smart minds of each America engineer. In front of the steering wheel, a digital display dashboard exhibits a circular digital speedometer, the R.P.M. indicator, and the fuel gauge. A visual display shows an electric application that tracks the suspension, steering settings, launch control, and traction control. A pair of comfortable leather bucket seats with an individual shoulder-belt keeps the driver and the passenger in the seat for the upcoming wild-ass ride of the American muscle car.
Flamingo slowly steers ahead with caution driving away from the rental car lot pavement and then carefully blends into the flow of moving traffic on the main roadway and then stops at the first gasoline station, He pays filling an empty tank to the maximum limit. He carefully leaves the gasoline station and obeys the posted traffic sign at 45 miles-per-hour, slowly driving down the main roadway towards the interstate entrance ramp.

At 02:33 p.m., he takes the entrance interstate ramp and leaves the busy city streets of Birmingham, pressing down the gasoline pedal while hearing the unique growling exhaust note from each twin tail pipes on the roaring engine. He quickly glides into an empty lane without an automobile and swiftly passes each slow-moving vehicle within seconds, yelling out loud inside the cockpit while leading the other rolling vehicles, “Yeehaw! What a good girl! I got myself a new girlfriend. This is better than sex.”
He slaps the brake pads and then slows the speed, carefully driving by the construction work on the roadway, which is continuously being repaired from the usage of heavy traffic flow through metro city Birmingham and the surrounding towns.
Flamingo flows along with the stream of moving traffic below the posted speed limit with caution and then eventually leaves the big city behind, increasing the pedal speed, hearing the growl on the V8 engine. He swiftly peels away from the boxy line of slow-moving cars yelling with a redneck southern rebel yell inside the cockpit again, “Yeehaw! What an experience! What a ride!”
On top of the nicely paved interstate roadway and away from the city lights inside the middle traffic lane, without a group of moving automobiles on his tail, Flamingo slams down on brake pads and as he watches the speedometer travel swiftly down from 60 miles-per-hour toward zero miles-per-hour, which carries the car 102 feet forward into a jolting halt, without movement, but there is a puff of white smoke behind the rear bumper pad.
He slaps the steering wheel presenting a bright smile and a loud cheer and presses down on the gasoline pedal. The car roars with power and sails down an empty interstate alone. He hollers, “Awesome, man!” He nods with a smile and keeps both of his cupped hands on the steering wheel at the super high speed, “This is freedom from stress, pain, hate, problems, babies, and Arie,” he laughs out loud. “I’m finally a free man with a different kind of rumble, without shredding a single red tinted blood protein, a new sports car,” he laughs. “Wow! I can feel the awesome power flowing from the engine and slapping my feet and raises up to pound my chest. And I like it. Hell, I love it. And the loud motor sound deafens both of his eardrums,” he tilts an eardrum towards the driver’s side glass window shaking his non-loose, wet, sticky earwax side to side, laughing out loud. “My wet earwax is dancing with the exhaust’s musical notes, too boot.” He tosses his skull upright and wiggles his ass side to side down inside the new leather seat while hearing the unique car music. “The twin tail pipes rumble at a lower register than my previous sports car, which is kinda like one of Breck’s whines,” he laughs.
“A beast of a machine is driven by a beast of a man. Yeah! The pride and joy of the Ford Motor Company, the Mustang muscle car has been a classical vehicle, since the 1960s. I have always had heard the expression: There are no words to describe the thing.
“However, that’s not me! I have numerous words to describe this car. Wow! Great! Fantastic! Fast! Ugly!” He laughs. “Powerful! Mind-blowing! Adrenaline-pumping performance! A rush! A high feeling!” He flies on top of the smooth interstate roadway at 90 miles-per-hour expressing his teenly excitement. “The body frame, the damaged door, and my feet do not shake, rattle, or roll. Yeehaw!” Flamingo nods with approval and presses down the gasoline pedal coxing more speed from the V8 engine while breaking the time record back to his hometown of Lacy Springs. He sets the cruise control and then leans over slapping the dial on the dashboard radio, hearing the familiar musical song.
The musical song Mustang Sally coming off the studio album Wicked Pickett was recorded in the month of May, in the year 1965. The song was released in the year 1966 and performed by the American musical singer and songwriter Mack Rice. The musical song was produced by Jerry Wexler and Rick Hall.
The musical song is a Rhythm and Blues (R&B) tune, using an AAB layout with a 24 musical bar structure.
When singer Mack Rice was visiting with his fellow American musical singer Della Reese, at her home, she expressed purchasing a new four-door sedan Lincoln Continental vehicle for the drummer of her musical band. However, her drummer stated he wanted a smaller car, the Ford Mustang, not a long slick four-door Lincoln Continental luxury sedan.
From the light conversation, Mack was not familiar with the sporty Ford Mustang car model but decided to write a fun song, with the funny situation, about a woman, who does not want to do anything but ride around in her new car.
The earlier song version title from songwriter Mack Rice was called Mustang Mama, when American musical singer Aretha Franklin suggested the song’s title of Mustang Sally to match the musical chorus.
Rice used the name Sally from the children’s game song entitled Little Sally Walker, where the musical chorus sung: Ride, Sally, ride.


Mustang Sally
Guess, you better slow that Mustang down
Mustang Sally now, baby
Guess, you better slow that Mustang down
You’ve been running all over town
Oh! I guess you gotta put your flat feet on the ground
Sing it to them one more time, girls!

All you wanna do is ride around Sally, come on (Ride, Sally, ride)
All you wanna do is ride around Sally (Ride, Sally, ride)
All you wanna do is ride around Sally (Ride, Sally, ride)
All you wanna do is ride around Sally. Tell you! (Ride, Sally, ride)
One of these early mornings
I’m gonna be wiping those weeping eyes, yeah, all right

I bought you a brand new Mustang
It was nineteen sixty-five
Now, you come around signifying a woman
Girl, you won’t; you won’t let me ride
Mustang Sally, now, baby
Guess, you better slow that Mustang down
All right
You been running all over town
Oh! I guess you gotta put your flat feet on the ground
O yeah! Baby, you gotta put your flat feet

All you wanna do is ride around Sally (Ride, Sally, ride)
All you wanna do is ride around Sally (Ride, Sally, ride)
All you wanna do is ride around Sally. O yeah! (Ride, Sally, ride)
All you wanna do is ride around Sally (Ride, Sally, ride)
One of these early mornings
I’m gonna be wiping those weeping eyes, yeah
O yeah, baby! Come on, boys!

Those weeping eyes. O yeah, babe! (Sally)
Those weeping eyes (Sally)! Yeah! Yeah!
Those weeping eyes (Sally)! Yeah! Yeah (Sally)!
Oh! Those weeping eyes (Sally)
Those weeping eyes (Sally)
Those weeping eyes (Sally)! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
68 minutes later….


Lacy Springs Hospital
   (90 miles north from Birmingham)
hot temperatures with bright sunshine
Parking lot setting
03:38 p.m.


The radio waves in the moving sports car cockpit plays the familiar musical song.
The musical song entitled I Can’t Drive 55! and was released on May 19, 1986 coming from the studio album named At Your Service by the English-American musical rock and roll band named Sammy Hagar and the Circle. The song was written by Sammy Hagar.
The musical band formed in the city of Miami, within the U.S. State of Florida, in the year 2014 and played Hard Rock; Heavy Rock, and Blues Rock sounds. The musical band members included Sammy Hagar (vocals, guitar); Michael Anthony (bass guitar, vocals); Jason Bonham (drums, percussion), and Vic Johnson (lead guitar, vocals).


One foot on the brake and one on the gas. Hey!
Well, there’s too much traffic. I can’t pass. No!
So, I tried my best illegal move
Well, baby! Black and white come and touch my groove again!

Gonna write me up at one twenty five
Post my face wanted dead or alive
Take my license! All that jive
I can’t drive 55! O no!

Uh!
So, I signed my name on number twenty four. Hey!
Yeah! The judge said, “Boy, just one more!
We’re gonna throw your ass in the city joint.”
Looked me in the eye, said, “You get my point!”
I said, “Yeah! O yeah!

Write me up at one twenty five
Post my face wanted dead or alive
Take my license. All that jive
I can’t drive 55!
O yeah!

I can’t drive 55!
I can’t drive 55!
I can’t drive 55!
I can’t drive 55!
Uh!

When I drive that slow, you know, it’s hard to steer.
And I can’t even get my car out of second gear.
What used to take two hours, now, takes all day! Huh!
It took me sixteen hours to get to L.A.

Gonna write me up at one twenty five
Post my face wanted dead or alive
Take my license. All that jive
I can’t drive 55!
No. No. No.

I can’t drive...
(I can’t drive 55!)
I can’t drive...
(I can’t drive 55!)
I can’t drive 55!


“One hour and eight minutes, later, I would’ve driven faster, if not for all that road construction work on Interstate 65 slowing down my ass-lightning speed tick-tock time. But I’ve achieved a new world’s record for race car driving on the Interstate, Mama!” Flamingo yells then laughs out loud. He drives his sports car exits off the interstate ramp and then slowly steers down the familiar highway, within the city limits of Lacy Springs. Flamingo obeys the speed limits inside the cockpit of his unfamiliar car.
Sheriff Tommy Lee and his four police deputies regularly patrol the city streets and the county roadways looking for a lawbreaker or a troublemaker, which is not Flamingo. However, Flamingo is driving a different car with a very loud pair of exhaust muffins perturbing the air pollution noise. He does not want any attention drawn to his car, which will expose his person.
Flamingo only wants to meet with Arie for two full seconds shouting out loud: Fuck off! Then he plans to stay the night inside his private bedroom. But first, he will both relentingly and eventually meet and engage his brother Breck inside her hospital room, for a second time. Then, Flamingo will leave during a repeat one-sided shouting match and drive home getting a hot shower and some peaceful sleep for the rest of the day and night.
Inside the car, Flamingo turns off the main roadway and then parks the ugly, multiple-colored rental car in the middle of the parking lot, exiting from the new leather seat, slamming the door shut. It does not shut. He yells, “Shit!” He drops the medical bag down on top of the smooth the pavement and then slams the door again. It sticks shut. He waves both of his naked hands at the silly metal door saying with a smile. “Hold now! Stay pull! Don’t move! Good doggy!” He laughs out loud and reaches down to the ground grabbing his new medical bag, standing upright. “Well, I’ve arrived here at the hospital campus, and I’m just in time.”
He slowly moves away from the ugly muscle car and struts ahead through an empty parking lot turning with his puzzled frown, surveying the new environment. He says, “The parking lot is empty. There aren’t hardly any parked cars or moaning citizens located here.”

At 03:42 p.m., Flamingo enters the lobby alone and then halts a few feet into the setting gasping in worry. He softly says, “The lobby space is empty of crying people and has been nicely cleaned with an array of pine-smelling chemicals on the floor and each plastic furniture piece. Where are the students, the teachers, the parents, and the entire world of Lacy Springs?” He laughs out loud.
He moves ahead and stops in front of the closed elevator doors, pressing the button. The elevator doors slide open. He enters an empty carriage then states. “The carriage is empty of people but smells like pine scent odor also. I’m betting one hundred tonight, so far.” He reaches over with laughter and slams the button for the tenth floor. The carriage lifts upwards and then stops.

At 03:48 p.m., on the 10th floor, of the Freehurst Wing, the elevator door slides open.
Flamingo slowly exits from an empty carriage elevator and then halts a few feet from the entrance way while scanning the new hallway while feeling puzzlement. He softly states, “The hallway is empty and clean too.” He slowly moves ahead with a smile and whips the medical bag side to side in one cupped hand, turning with a smile and scans each clean furniture piece and the pretty wall paint of pink hue. “I never thought I’d be coming back here for a second time. Hey! Where are the horizontal lines of nosy, bossy, vile blood relatives? I miss Aurora mouth-spitting her sour salvia in my face. I don’t see Grandmother McCory, who does not…” he slides into a halt and then frowns at the empty hallway. He raises his voice along with his worries, “O no! She’s not…”
He swiftly races ahead in worry and then halts with a loud grunt, standing at a row of clean and shiny glass windows, exhibiting her stationary hospital room, which is surrounded with a half-circle of ceiling-mounted and floor-standing medical equipment and monitor screens. He slams his chest and restarts his heart saying with a weak grin, “Foo! You gave me a heart attack, there, Arie. Good thing, I’m located here inside the local hospital medical building. Then, I can just crawl back inside the elevator carriage and then crawl out from the elevator floor and then slowly limp into the emergency room for some sweet medical treatment. Well, no! She’s not. But, ho! She’s resting peacefully asleep on top of the biggest damn tan-colored hospital bed in the world right there through the row of clean and shiny glass windows.”
He reaches out and opens the hospital door, entering into her room hearing a flood of soft beeps and pings coming from each piece on the stationary upright or sideways-sitting, shiny medical equipment. He stops with a frown and scans the room then asks. “Is this a hospital room or a funeral wake event for the dead? Where’s the sun? Where’s the light? Where’s the row of internal glass windows that displays the sunshine, the birds, the trees, and the grass? Where are Breck and Cinco and A.J. and Tommy Lee located at? Nothing is cozy or homey in here, only darkness and evil,” he laughs out loud and reaches over, flipping up the light switch on the side wall with a smile. The room slowly illuminates into a dull tone of light for a poor kissing session for a group of teens.
He frowns then states. “This is so too dull and too dark for my happy personality,” he reaches over and guides each tiny metal switch upwards toward the top of the lamp control panel. The room illuminates into an array of bright, blinding lights from each overhead lamp. He shades his two sensitive irises with his free hand and sounds with his loud laughter. “Now, I see the light. Now, I see the blinding light. Now, I can see Arie there not-glowing in the bright lights. Arie, can you see me better too?”
He moves ahead with a smile and continues to speak out loud, staring down at Arie, who has not moved or grunted from the pain of the bright lights. “So, Arie is not conscious as she does not see my handsome face, within the blinding light. And she is not communicating as she has not yelled out at me, like normal for something stupid brotherly argument. Thus, Arie is in a coma-like state of mind and a still-body pose on top of the hospital sheets in pretty yellow hue. Did you pick out these lovely bed linens, Arie? I bet First-born asshole did. Yeah, Breck did. Based on my medical reading from my new set of medical books, a coma is a medical state of deep unconsciousness for a prolonged or indefinite period of human tick-tock time, especially as a result of severe injury or a bad clinical illness. However, Arie has not been here in the hospital bed for a prolonged period of time, only since Thursday afternoon. That’s not long time at all. But she is still lying down and located here in the hospital due to some type of medical condition.”
He stops at the rear end on her tan-colored hospital metal bed and stares down with a smile at Arie, shouting out loud for fun to the comatose patient. “One cause of a comatose state is the medical condition of diabetes. If the set of blood sugar levels on a person becomes too high, then the clinical condition is known as hyperglycemia. If the blood sugar levels become too low, then the clinical condition is known as hypoglycemia. If either hyperglycemia or hypoglycemia continues to affect the body, then a coma state can result badly for the person. Well, Arie does not and has never been a diabetic. Strike one!” He laughs.
“A second cause of a coma is hypoxia or the lack of oxygen. If the human brain does not receive enough oxygen or the oxygen flow is severed, a coma will result, such like, a heart attack or a brain stroke or a water drowning. Arie has not experienced any of these clinical or physical conditions either. Strike two! A third condition of a coma is a body infection, such like, a sever inflammation in the brain, on the spinal cord, or the tissues that surround the brain matter, including encephalitis or meningitis. Arie is not experiencing any of these clinical conditions either. Strike three!” He laughs.
“Well, I’m striking out all over the ball field, Mama. A fourth medical condition for a coma-like state is a toxin or a drug overdose or an exposure to carbon monoxides. Arie does not take drugs or sits inside the garage space without the garage door open. Strike four! A fifth medical condition is a traumatic brain injury, such like, a sports injury or a violent blow to the cranium or a road traffic accident. Bingo is the dog’s name. O man! I’m on a roll now. So, your terrible road traffic accident, that slammed into that two hundred years old tree trunk, which I saw on my way into the hospital grounds, the other day, has caused a head trauma from the solid tree trunk or a busted cab rooftop metal parts or a broken tree limb on top of her blonde-colored hair roots.”
He continues to stand and stares down at Arie, shouting out loud for fun at the comatose patient. “How’s my patient doing, today, Arie? Dr. Flamingo has arrived. And it was a long trip, Arie. I drove all the way up from metro city Birmingham in rushed traffic and then peeled away from the rushed traffic, driving like a race car driver to get here to you. Now, I am here, Dr. Flamingo. Now, you are here, Arie. Let me check over your medical condition and see what smart Dr. Flamingo can do for you, Arie. Do you see me, Arie? Well, maybe not, right now, since your two eyelids are closed shut. But I’m using the polished, swanky new leather doctor bag that you gave me as a high school graduation present, Arie. Is that okay with you, Arie? Good! It is okay with me, too,” he loudly laughs with amusement.
He scoots around the rear end of her bed and lifts his monogrammed doctor bag in the air, sliding against the side railing of her hospital bed, stopping beside a short stool of hard wood. He gently places his new doctor bag on top of the stool leaning down, opening his bag. He smiles and peeks inside the dark pouch saying with a soft chuckle. “My medical book states that a coma patient appears in a state of deep with usually prolonged unconsciousness and is unable to respond to external stimuli. Well, I think we should test that medical theory. What do you say, Arie?” He smiles. “O! You agree with me. What should I do first to your body, Arie? I know. We’ll check your blood pressure first. The blood pressure is very important in a human body that keeps the blood flows all around your veins. I read that in my medical textbook.”
He removes the electronic blood pressure cuff from the medical bag and places the tiny object around her naked arm bicep, pressing the button sounding with a soft chuckle. The cuff slowly swells and then enlarges around her arm muscle sounding with a set of soft farting sounds. He laughs. “Are you farting from your butt-hole, Arie? O! I do believe so. Well, that’s a good sign of life. She’s alive! She is alive,” he laughs out loud with his silly humor. “Now, if that loud sound plus that awful smell doesn’t wake up a dead body, then nothing will,” he loudly chuckles.
The cuff band beeps and displays the red tinted blood pressure numbers: 91/63.
He smiles down at the numbers. “Your blood pressure is normal for a petite body frame, Arie. Now, let’s check your reflexes,” he gently removes the blood pressure cuff and places it back down into the bag, pulling out a tiny patellar hammer. He turns to face Arie and leans down, bending backwards her same naked arm towards the headboard with the row of beeping hospital monitors. Her hand flips in the air and exposes her naked elbow. He reaches down and gently taps the cartridge on her elbow. Then her arm flings forward and lands down top of the soft blanket in silence. Arie does not move or scream or grunt in pain.
He stares down at her arm and then laughs out loud saying with a smile. “Now, that didn’t hurt, did it, Arie? And your one reflex is fine and dandy. So, the other reflexes must be fine and dandy, too, Arie,” he loudly laughs. “Now, what other doctoring tools do I have that I must perform on my sick patient?”
He spins around and places the hammer back down into the bag, pulling out the next item, returning back to see Arie. He wiggles the object near his jaw line. “Aw! I possess a tongue depressor. Now, part your set of red and chapped lips for me, Arie. Awe! You can’t. Then allow me to do the work,” he lowers her bottom chapped red tinted lip and sounds with a chuckle sticking the flat item down on top of her lip flesh, laughing with a grin. “Well, you still have your set of tonsils, Arie. Would you like for me to remove them, today, Arie? O! Not this round in bed,” he removes the tongue depressor from her bottom lip and then tosses the wet disposal slip down into the trashcan.
He smiles and returns back placing the tongue depressor medical instrument back down into his bag, pulling out a new instrument. “Now, what other doctoring instruments are left for my medical examination of my sick patient? Uoo! An ear prick is used to see the condition of your eardrum,” he jerks out the object and returns back to see Arie.
He leans down and gently places the tip into her ear canal, standing upright with a smile, removing the dirty disposal sleeve, tossing down into the trash can. “Well, I have seen plenty of yellow colored sticky, wet earwax, this week, Arie. So, that means you’re my biological mother and I’m your biological son. Yeah! But you know that. Right? Right!” He laughs out loud and spins around replacing the instrument back down into his medical bag, examining the interior of the pouch for another new shiny devise to probe on his mother’s unconscious body for fun.

At 04:56 p.m., inside the Freehurst Wing hallway, the elevator doors slide open and reveal a party of individuals, wearing a pair of green tinted surgery scrubs underneath a white-tinted laboratory coat, a personal colorful rubber-coated stethoscope, carrying a hand-held computer tablet.
The lead person is the female medical physician, who is treating Arie. She appears with a petite body frame, a ponytail of long black-tinted hair strands, a tone of pale-tinted skin, and a pair of hazel colored eyeballs. She leads out from the elevator carriage and points at each wall, saying with a smile. “This is the Freehurst Wing. The hospital wing is only used for our most very important inpatients that need any type of medical treatment. There are three hospital rooms which are located on one side of the hallway. The opposite hallway contains a series of hidden closets with additional medical supplies and equipment, so you don’t have to wait on other hospital personnel for the V.I.P. patient. An obstetric patient can birth a newborn baby here on the Freehurst Wing too, but that has never happened yet,” she softly chuckles and leads the other fellow physicians pointing at each wall. “The construction for this wing was provided with generous monies coming from Mrs. Iredell McCory, a pillar within our local society. The wing is named after her deceased husband, Breck Freehurst McCory, Senior and her deceased son, Breck Freehurst McCory, Junior. Iredell McCory also has three grandsons with the same name too.”
A short, plump, aqua-colored irises, white-skinned, blonde-haired young adult male fellow nods with a smile within the huddle of fellows. He expresses, “I know them. Breck, Cinco, and Flamingo, I was in the same high school, when they were in elementary school here in Lacy Springs. I’m a native here and I’ve come back here giving back to my community as a new medical physician.”
The head physician stops and spins around with a smile, nodding to the huddle of fellows. “That’s the ancient history behind the wing donation and the construction. The wing has been used a couple of times when each one of the nursing floors experienced an overflow of patients, such like, the influenza virus. Today, we are not touring the pretty hallway of pink and purple for fun and entertainment. We are going to observe a new inpatient stay here on this private wing. Arie McCory was admitted on Thursday afternoon as a comatose patient. She drove her pickup truck directly into a very large oak tree, which was 200 years old, destroying both the tree and her vehicle. One of the larger tree limbs snapped off from the rattled tree trunk, swiftly dropped down, and then landed on top of the pickup truck rooftop. The metal rooftop bust apart and then caved down inside the cockpit on her truck. Part of the heavy tree limb soared downward and landed on top of her hair roots. Arie lost consciousness inside the cab on the truck. She was transported here and then admitted on the Freehurst Wing as a comatose patient. There are no other V.I.P. medical patients up here at the moment. Everyone, please slide over the wall and sit down, before we go and examine Arie…”
“Do you often call your medical patients by their first name, doctor?” The young adult woman fellow frowns and displays a head of red-tinted hair, a pair of violet-tinted eyes, pink-tinted skin tone, and an average body frame, sitting down on top of the purple-tinted loveseat with another fellow.
The female head physician nods with a smile and sits down in the single chair of purple and white stripes. “You do not know Arie. She is a very generous and well-respected citizen here in Lacy Springs. The McCory Farms is one of the largest employers here in the State of Alabama which is owned exclusively by Arie and her three sons. She is also represented on the hospital’s Board of Directors here. This clinical situation is very sad and upsetting for a lot of local citizens that live here within Lacy Springs. Now, we will first discuss each medical condition for a clinical coma. I would like everyone to share and spit out your discussion points out loud, before we traverse down and examine Arie’s comatose state of mind and matching body.”
A young adult female medical fellow possesses a tall, plump body frame, a tone of brown-tinted skin, a head of black tinted hair, a pair of brown tinted eyeballs and follows behind the head medical physician and spins to the side wall, sitting down on top of the pink tinted chair. “As I have read through her medical report from the emergency paramedic, the first responder assessed the crash victim by gauging her level of consciousness using the AVPU Scale. The AVPU Scale represents the following physical body presentations of alertness, vocal stimuli, painful stimuli, and a state of unconsciousness. Alert is the most conscious state. If the person is alert, there is no risk of a coma. An unconscious is the least or the last state and is classified as a coma. The first responder determined that Arie had entered into a coma state from the AVPU Scale. A coma is a very serious medical emergency. When a person enters into a coma, immediate and rapid medical treatment is needed to preserve the body life force and their brain function. The first responder slipped a comatose Arie into the portal ambulance transport for her urgent medical treatment and then admitting inpatient stay here at the Lacy Springs Hospital.”
“Here!” A tall, slender young adult male medical fellow displays a tone of black-tinted skin, a head of brown-tinted hair strands and a pair of brown tinted eyes and nods to the head physician. “The real medical work begins here as I am too a new and awesome medical fellow. Once an unconscious Arie arrived here, her past and recent medical history was collected and analyzed for the medical conditions, including any vision problems, dizziness, stupor, or numbness in a limb, before she had elapsed into a coma. Each family member, family friend, stranger, police officer, and eyewitness were vocally interviewed to determine if any one medical condition had been present before the comatose state. Interviewing each family member, family friend, and eyewitness before the accident with the patient clinical condition with a coma state will help determine the root cause and provide for a better and swifter medical treatment protocol by the emergency medical physician here at the local emergency department. Then I will examine her personal medical records for diabetes, any history of seizures or stroke, or any other condition or disease. I will also search, if Arie was taking any legal medications or other substances which might have been prescribed by another physician or an illegal substance found by another physician.”
The head physician nods with a smile to each fellow medical student. “All of that had occurred. Arie did not nor does not present with any of those medical symptoms either. And she is not taking any type of medications, legal or otherwise.”
A tall, slender young adult male medical fellow displays a tone of black-tinted skin, a head of brown-tinted hair strands and a pair of brown tinted eyes and says with a smile to each face. “As the attending physician to Arie, inside the emergency room setting or inside the private medical room setting, I will order a set of blood tests. Each blood test will reveal her blood count that will clue me into the presence of any type of carbon monoxide poisoning, any level of legal or illegal drugs, her level of electrolytes, her glucose level, the condition of her liver. I will perform a spinal tap or lumbar puncture checking for an infection or a genetic disorder.”
“A spinal tap or a lumber puncture,” a tall, slender, green-eyed, pale-skinned, brown-haired, young adult male fellow nods, “…requires the physician to insert a needle into the spinal canal on the patient. The medical procedure measures pressure and extracts the spinal fluid to send out for medical tests.”
A tall, slender, green-eyed, pale-skinned, brown-haired, young adult male fellow sits on top of the sofa seat and smiles with a nod to each face. “And I will order a set of imaging scans on her brain. These medical procedures will determine whether or not there is brain injury or damage and the location of the injury. I will order a CAT scan or an MRI checking for blockages or other abnormalities inside Arie’s brain matter. And I will order an electroencephalography or EEG that measures her electrical activity within her brain matter also.”
The same short, plump body frame with a pair of aqua-colored irises, white-skinned, blonde-haired young adult male medical fellow presents several head nods to each face, “Inside the emergency room setting, I will check each body reflex on Arie. I am measuring the pain factor on her body and studying her pupil size for any additional head trauma injuries. I will squirt an eardrop of cold or warm water into one of her ear canals that will trigger her eye movement, measuring her reflex also.”
The head physician nods with a smile. “The blood tests are negative for Arie. I did not perform an imaging test yet. I will ask each one of you your medical opinion on that matter. I did not tap her spine fluid either. Her head was impacted, not her spinal cord.”
The young adult woman medical fellow with the same features of an average body frame, a head of red-tinted hair, a pair of violet-tinted eyes, pink-tinted skin tone presents a smile. “Before the medical history search inside her stack of medical records and each blood test and each physical test and any type of imaging scans, I, as the attending physician, will administer glucose or antibiotics to the comatose patient, in case, Arie is in diabetic shock or has a brain infection.”
“I will not.” The young adult female medical fellow possesses the same tall, plump body frame, a tone of brown-tinted skin, a head of black tinted hair, a pair of brown tinted eyeballs shakes her curls.
“I will do that also.” The same tall, slender young adult male medical fellow displays a tone of black-tinted skin, a head of brown-tinted hair strands and a pair of brown tinted eyes and nods his bone skull.
“Which is the correct method, doc?” The same tall, slender, green-eyed, pale-skinned, brown-haired, young adult male fellow asks with his puzzled frown.
The head physician nods to each face. “All of your answers are correct and proper. Each comatose patient is diagnosed and treated differently by the attending physician. As you learn from me and the other teaching physicians, you will come to your own medical decisions that will find the root cause of a coma and then perform the correct treatment procedure. The first medical action is to ensure the immediate survival of the comatose patient by securing their breathing airways and the circulation of oxygen going up into their brain matter. Medical treatment for the root cause of a coma will also depend on kidney failure, liver disease, diabetes, toxic poisons, and other factors. If the brain matter becomes swollen on the patient during their coma state, then a medical surgical procedure is required to relieve the pressure. If Arie experiences a condition of asphyxiation, then she will be wearing a breathing tube that passes through one of her nose holes and then down into her pair of healthy lungs.”
“Coma is a medical state of deep unconsciousness for a prolonged or indefinite period of time, especially as a result of severe injury or illness.” The same petite, slender, brown-eyed, olive-skinned, brown-haired young adult female medical fellow nods and sits on top of a purple-tinted chair staring at the head physician. “A comatose medical condition is a state of deep and usually prolonged unconsciousness; unable to respond to external stimuli. The patient is unconscious and unable to communicate, sometimes for long periods of time. A bad infection or a blow to the head on the body can create a comatose medical condition on an individual, where the patient is alive; but their body parts are not functioning within normal parameters,” she chuckles with the other fellows.
The same short, plump body frame, a pair of aqua-colored irises, white-skinned, blonde-haired young adult male medical fellow sits on top of a pink-tinted sofa and nods to the head physician. “The state of a coma is not a state of sleep, because the patient does not wake up and stretch out their limbs. And the state of a coma is not a brain death. The patient is alive but cannot response in a normal manner, such like, wiping off the sleepy crumbs from each eyelid and stretching out each one of their individual limbs, which I do every morning.”
The young adult woman medical fellow with the same features of an average body frame, a head of red-tinted hair, a pair of violet-tinted eyes, pink-tinted skin tone says with a nod, “One cause of a comatose state is the medical condition of diabetes. Other causes of a coma-state for a patient could include one of the following medical conditions, such like, hypoxia or lack of oxygen into the brain or a severe infection or a drug overdose or a traumatic brain injury.”
The same young adult female medical fellow possessing a tall, plump body frame, a tone of brown-tinted skin, a head of black tinted hair, a pair of brown tinted eyeballs says with a stern face. “You have already confirmed the cause of her coma. A traumatic brain injury has resulted in a coma for Arie. Now, we need to figure out her current body life form and her brain functions.”
The head physician nods and says. “Yes, we do. What medical test is administrated?”
The same tall, slender young adult male medical fellow displays a tone of black-tinted skin, a head of brown-tinted hair strands and a pair of brown tinted eyes and is seated on top of a purple and pink-tinted loveseat saying with a smile, “As one of the smartest physicians here, I will use the Glasgow Coma Scale or G.C.S. The G.C.S. assesses the severity of brain damage following a head injury, which Arie has received after that fallen tree limb landed on her bone skull. The scale presents a range of numeral numbers that score the patient according to verbal responses, physical responses, and if they can open their two eyelids.”
The same tall, slender, green-eyed, pale-skinned, brown-haired, young adult male fellow nods. “Within the G.S.C. Scale, for the eyelids, the score range states one to four. Score One, a patient does not open their eyelids and does sees you and me. Score Two, a patient opens their two eyelids in response to pain. Score Three, a patient opens their two eyelids in response to your voice. Score Four, a patient opens their eyelids spontaneously for any reason.”
The same petite, slender, brown-eyed, olive-skinned, brown-haired young adult female medical fellow nods. “For the verbal response test, the score range is measured from one to five points. Score One: a patient does not make any sound. Score Two: a patient mumbling of sounds but cannot be understood. Score Three: a patient utters inappropriate words. Score Four: a patient speaks but is confused. Score Five: a patient speaks in normal communication to everyone.”
The same short, plump body frame, a pair of aqua-colored irises, white-skinned, blonde-haired young adult male medical fellow nods. “Within the G.C.S. Scale, the motor or physical reflexes are scored with numbers ranging from one to six. Score One: the patient makes no movement. Score Two: the patient straightens a limb in response to pain. Score Three: the patient will react in an unusual way to pain. Score Four: the patient will move their body away from the pain. Score Five: the patient will point out the pain. Score Six: the patient can obey verbal commands.”
The same young adult woman medical fellow featuring an average body frame, a head of red-tinted hair, a pair of violet-tinted eyes, pink-tinted skin tone nods to each face. “Also, in further measuring the motor and physical reflexes, there is a separate scale which describes the patient’s response to pain. The one to five numbers on the G.S.C. Scale system is exactly like the motor and physical reflex measurement, without Score Six, where the patient can obey verbal commands.”
The head physician nods and states to each face. “If the total score is eight points or less, then patient’s condition indicates a coma. If the score ranges from nine points to twelve, then the coma condition is moderate. If the G.S.C. score totals thirteen points or more, then the patient’s impairment to consciousness is minor. Arie’s total score was four. For her eyelids test, she scored one point. Her eyelids did not open from her pain, but she did slightly twitch during the reflex test. For the verbal response test, she scored one point. She is not making any sound on her first day here and this is currently on her fifth day in the hospital without sound also. Her motor or physical reflex test scored one point. Arie is not producing any human body movement. Within her motor and physical reflex test that describes her response to pain, she scored one point also. Her final score on her first admission date was one. This morning, she received the same score.”
The same young adult female medical fellow possessing a tall, plump body frame, a tone of brown-tinted skin, a head of black tinted hair, a pair of brown tinted eyeballs nods. “In a coma, the patient does not react to external stimuli. The patient does not show normal reflex responses. The patient does not go into a sleep pattern and then wakes up. A coma medical condition is a state of deep unconsciousness. The patient cannot wake up and does not react to the people or things around them. The patient does not respond to pain or light or sound in the usual way. The patient does not display voluntary movement in either body or voice. A comatose patient does not wake up, but their body follows the normal sleep patterns. And each patient will present breathing air molecules in and out into their lungs and circulate around oxygen molecules into their active brain. However, the patient’s voice and thoughts are suppressed from the coma-state.”
The same tall, slender young adult male medical fellow displays a tone of black-tinted skin, a head of brown-tinted hair strands and a pair of brown tinted eyes saying with a nod. “If a person carries a case of bad hypoglycemia, which is low blood sugar or they carry a case of hyper-capnia, which is high blood cells within their carbon oxygen levels, then that person will experience mild agitation. Without medical treatment, the person will not be able to think clearly and then will finally lose consciousness, which might result in a coma-state too. If a coma comes from a severe injury on the patient’s skull inside their brain or a subarachnoid hemorrhage, then clinical symptoms will appear immediately.”
The head physician nods. “The reason for a coma can include numerous conditions, such like, intoxication, a nervous system disease, a metabolic disease, a severe infection, a brain stroke, a serious body injury, hypoxia deprivation, or other clinical factors. None of the other medical conditions are present on Arie, except for a nasty bump from her head injury due to a fallen tree limb coming from a wounded two hundred year old shade tree. A coma condition for a patient can occur fast or slow and the coma condition can last from one to several days to one to several years. However, a typical coma condition for the patient lasts from days to weeks.”
The same tall, slender, green-eyed, pale-skinned, brown-haired, young adult male fellow nods. “Sometimes, a physician will need to induce a coma with medication to reduce the intensity of the pain during the healing process for the patient. Or the medication will be used to preserve the higher brain functions following a brain trauma.”
The head physician nods to each face. “The leveling degree of consciousness and responsiveness depends on the brain performing a maximum function. If the root cause of the coma is treated, then the patient will awaken without permanent damage to his or her brain matter. The patient will exhibit a confused state of mind at first but will remember what event had caused their unconsciousness. Then, the patient will be able to continue an active and healthy life with their family members. Sometimes, rehabilitation therapy procedures are needed to help the patient adapt back into their normal life patterns. If the brain is damaged, then the unconscious patient will experience long-term impairment within the brain and the body. If the patient wakes up from their coma-state condition, then he or she might need to re-learn basic skills, such like, eating, talking, walking. Each hospital is equipped with an excellent physical therapy or P.T. and occupation therapy or O.T. departments that can help an awakened comatose patient adjust and then enjoy the rest of their happy life days. Now, a coma usually lasts for a few weeks. If the coma condition on the inpatient does not change after an extended period of time, where the patient does not awaken, then the coma condition is reclassified as a persistent vegetative state for both the mind and the body. If a persistent vegetative state of mind and body lasts for months, the patient will not awaken. So, a medical patient in a coma cannot communicate and shows a set of visual outwards signs including a pair of closed eyelids, without eyeball contact, non-moving limbs, except for a reflex movement, and no response to painful stimuli, except for an involuntary reflex movement.”
The same petite, slender, brown-eyed, olive-skinned, brown-haired young adult female medical fellow nods with a smile to each face. “The latest research studies published through the National Institutes of Neurological Disorders and Stroke states that a comatose patient can perform a mouth grimace or a soft laugh or a subtle cry as an involuntary reflex coming from an internal emotion or an external stimulus. Has your comatose patient Arie performed any of these simple reflex movements, Doctor?”
“No!” The head physician stands upright from the chair and presents a stern face. “Arie has not. So, let us get up from each colored cushion and go and see my current hospitalized comatose patient. Maybe, we can tickle her body into one or more of the reflex motions, this afternoon,” she scoots sideways, spins around, and leads down an empty hallway of pink and purple paint.
Each medical fellow slowly stands up from an individual colorful cushion and then gently bumps into each other slowly moving away from the furniture setting, strutting down the same empty hallway behind the back spine on the head physician. Each one softly mumbles about the medical condition of Arie.

At 05:31 p.m., inside Arie’s private hospital room, beside the hospital bed, Flamingo spins away from Arie and places the used tongue depressor medical instrument back down into his doctor bag, pulling out a new instrument. He smiles then states, “Now, what other type of new doctoring instruments are left for my medical examination on my sick patient? Uoo! I have a brand new shiny stethoscope that measures your heart rate, Arie.” He lifts the instrument in the air and cleans off each ear piece with a pad of alcohol and then kisses his set of ear germs with each rubber plug.

At 05:34 p.m., inside the empty hallway of soft pink painted walls, in front of the row of glass windows, the head physician stops, before entering the hospital room, and then gasps in alarm, staring at Flamingo and then Arie. She speaks out loud in shock to her medical students, “The third son is here at the hospital and with his mother Arie.”
The same petite, slender, brown-eyed, olive-skinned, brown-haired young adult female medical fellow stops and forms a line with her other medical fellows, staring through the row of glass window, viewing patient Arie and the young teen, “Are we going inside the hospital room, Doctor?”
She lifts her arm in the air halting the line of movement from the team of medical fellows. She drops her arm and smiles through the window then exclaims. “No! We’re staying outside here in the hallway and waiting for a divine miracle. The young teen is her son. Arie has three sons, who are triplet brothers. Each one looks alike but acts completely differently. D.N.A. is still a mysterious fate of genes.”
The same tall, slender, green-eyed, pale-skinned, brown-haired, young adult male fellow stares at Flamingo and then Arie saying with confusion. “What’s he doing to her? Is his medical treatment allowed here, Doctor?”
The head physician continues to stand and stares through the glass windows at Flamingo then states. “His name is Flamingo. Flamingo wants to become a medical physician, when he final grows up.”
The same tall, slender young adult male medical fellow displays a tone of black-tinted skin, a head of brown-tinted hair strands and a pair of brown tinted eyes saying with a sour frown, staring at Flamingo. “He is fiddling with a medical stethoscope and is leaning down examining her chest. Is that allowed here, Doctor?”
The same young adult female medical fellow possessing a tall, plump body frame, a tone of brown-tinted skin, a head of black tinted hair, a pair of brown tinted eyeballs continues to stare and then frowns at Flamingo. “Are his actions legal, Doctor?”
The same tall, slender, green-eyed, pale-skinned, brown-haired, young adult male fellow frowns into the hospital room while studying Flamingo. “Are his non-medical, non-licensed actions ethical, Doctor?”
The same short, plump body frame, a pair of aqua-colored irises, white-skinned, blonde-haired young adult male medical fellow frowns. “Can the high school teenager do that to your patient and his mother, Doctor?”
The head physician continues to stare and prays for a heavenly miracle, viewing Flamingo. “The clinical situation is both fine and dandy. Arie is still in a coma. She has not awakened, since Thursday afternoon. No other blood relative or family friend has stimulated one or more of her five senses either. Flamingo has been absent from his mother for some reason. Hopefully, he can get her to awaken today.”

At 05:38 p.m., inside Arie’s hospital room, beside her bed, Flamingo spins around with a smile and leans down placing the cold metal tip on top her pink colored hospital gown, hearing the thump-thump noise. He says, “Now, breathe in. Now, breathe out.” He swiftly stands upright and nods with a smile staring down at Arie, without seeing the line of medical physicians through the glass windows. He says. “Your heart is pumping with a steady rhythm which can perform numerous square dance steps on top of the clean hospital floor. So, you are alive, Arie. That’s good news!”
He hangs the stethoscope around his neck then spins around searching the contents of his medical bag again, singing with a happy cheer, “Uoo! I have an ophthalmoscope. This small silver-tinted medical device looks at both of your eyeballs.” He swings back around with a chuckle and leans down reaching out, carefully lifting up the closest eyelid. He opens one eyelid on Arie and shines the bright light into each one of her pupils saying with a grin. “Well, each pupil dilates from the brightest damn tiny light stream in the world and then each one of your irises retract, Arie. Well, that’s a very good sign of a non-head trauma.”
He swiftly stands upright and views the short stool, removing the medical bag, placing the item on top of the side table. He wears a confused brow and stares down at the peacefully face on his mother, “Hmm! No abnormal blood pressure or heart rate. No sweats of water or seizures of body parts. And both of your pupils are working just fine. I don’t see any medical condition on your biological body, Arie. However, based on the Glasgow Coma Scale or the G.C.S., where a physician, like me, assesses the severity of your brain damage following your head injury from that car wreck, I assess or award you with four points or zero points, in my medical professional opinion, Arie. You do not open your eyelids from the dullest light inside your hospital room. O! But there is not a glass window of sunlight in here inside your hospital room either. You do not make a grunt or a laugh or a sneeze. You do not move or shake a leg or tap a bone toe. And you have not violently or subtly reacted to any one of my sharp and shiny medical instruments, where I have inflicted some minor pain upon some of your still and non-moving body parts.
“I am completely confused and befuddled, Arie. Breck, he thought for shore that you would react to my baritone voice, which is like his and Cinco’s. But, here, I am, Mama. And, here, you are, Arie. And you are still in a coma-state within your mind or your body. Are you in a coma state with your mind or only your body? Is your mind frozen in time like a looping time warp of silence? Is that why your body is not moving? That’s a great medical scientific theory.”
He smiles and then says to her face. “I remembered reading this article about a scientific medical experience, in the year 2011, where a team of scientists used an M.R.I. machine and performed an M.R.I. scanning procedure and observed the patient’s brain activity on a comatose patient that had been in a coma for twelve years from a car accident. Well, you have not been deeply asleep for twelve years, only four short days and nights, so I can apply the same medical theory here.”
Flamingo leans down into her earlobe. “Arie, this is Flamingo. Do you remember our first departure moment in historical time, Arie? Picture this! You had escorted me, Breck, and Cinco for the first day into the local pre-kindergarten class along with the other four years old students at Lacy Springs Elementary School. We, three galloped ahead of your body and entered into the one-room space with our cowboy excitement seeing our friendly neighborhood children and church childhood friends and some new tiny friends and all the new toys over the floor and the low-lying shelves while leaving your pair of warm arms foreverly, at least, seven hours, that day. You stood inside the open archway with a fake smile and a set of sobs that your three little boys had grown up from the three spitting and shitting babies. Then, you slowly back stepped from the open doorway. Well, the teacher shoved our asses away from the archway and then slammed the door in your face.”
Flamingo laughs then explains. “I know. I was there too. Then, you slowly spun around and then slowly walked down a lonely and empty hallway towards the open doors of sunlight and an empty parking lot. I know. I left my two brothers and my friends and dashed away from the new pile of toys and slammed my tiny boy body into the side wall with a row of low-lying windows of glass. I pressed my nose bridge into the glass and created a nice snot ball, watching you. You slowly walked away from the classroom and wiped off the fresh tears of love and worry like a true loving mother. Then you exited from the school building into the bright, heated sunshine that August day. I knew that day that you would be okay. And you finally understood that your three triplets were not three tiny triplet babies anymore.”
He looks up and smiles at each monitor then exclaims. “Awe, Arie! Your brain activity is spiked into a series of high pointy lines as I told you my tenderly hearted story of motherhood. Or maybe, you are reacting to my probing and punching on your unconscious body within your active brain cells. In the year 2011, the medical team of scientists asked the comatose patient to image running in a marathon and then the medical monitor spiked with high levels of brain activity, just like yours is doing, now, Arie. So, you can understand my words here inside your hospital room and beside your naked arm. Throughout the past and present times, additional coma research studies had strongly suggested to stimulate the natural body senses on the comatose patient with touch, smell, sound, and vision while helping the person to awaken in consciousness and enjoy the world. I know that Breck and Cinco and the hallway of nasty blood relatives have been annoying your butt-hole with touch, smell, sound, and their ugly faces, since Thursday afternoon, after your car accident, Arie. Breck told me so using his sour breath into my cute cheekbone. But still, you continue to slumber in sleep like that young girl in the lovely fairy tale.”
He laughs out loud then softly sings, “Hmm! I wonder here. If I stimulate one or all your senses, will that help you awaken from your dark slumber?” Flamingo reaches out and grabs her naked cupped hand, wearing his smile, leaning down into her earlobe and then loudly shouts into her eardrum on the side of her head. “Arie, can you hear me? This is Flamingo, your Middle Child. You know, I actually don’t like that silly nickname, even thou, it is so true,” he laughs out loud again.
Arie continues to slumber in peace, without a low growl or a nasty grunt or a loud cry or a high yell or an evil laugh or a sweet smile.
Flamingo sits upright with confusion and stares down with annoyance at her face then softly sings, “Hmm! I am missing something. Or I have not done something to my medical patient. A comatose patient has been known to react with an angry grimace or a soft laugh or a sad cry from one or numerous external stimuli. Why is Arie not reacting to me or my external stimuli? A comatose patient can react to lights, smells, touches, tastes, and sounds. There is light,” he looks up and squints his eyeballs from the row of bright lights, looking back down and as each one of his pupils adjusts back into normal. He looks up and stares at Arie. “There is smell. Breck, Cinco, A.J., Tommy Lee, me, and the rest of my smelly blood relatives have invaded this enclosed room without a window of sunlight or molecules of fresh air. Plus, I see three nasty looking sleep cots in each corner wall that has been both used and abused by Breck, Cinco, and A.J. Even a dead person can’t miss that stinky odor. There is touch. I have touched her body with both of my warm hands and all of my cold instruments. I know that Breck has touched Arie. I can smell his cologne aftershave of woody shitty porcupine dick nuts on her pillow, her sheets, and her hand. There is taste using the lips, the mouth, the tongue, and the nostrils. I am not going to taste your naked skin, Arie. Breck has kissed her hand and her cheekbone. Yeah, I see numerous sets of dried smears from his wet sissy tears. A real man does not cry, Brick Brain!” He laughs and then frowns.
“I see the blinking light, like Arie. I smell Breck’s stinky cologne, like Arie. I taste nothing, Mama. I touch her hand, like Breck. I hear…”
He releases her hand and wears a puzzled brow then slowly spins around, scanning the white colored room, hearing the soft pings and beeps from each hospital monitors. He says, “I hear an orchestra of soft beeps and pings coming out from each piece of standard, ugly hospital equipment. No wonder Arie is sound asleep inside her warm, cozy hospital bed. She can’t hear Dick or Harry or Larry singing out loud with a happy song.”
He stands upright from the stool and wears a smile, moving ahead, and stops in front of the built-in stereo musical system, twisting the knob, fiddling with each radio station.
The announcer stops talking and as the radio station breaks for a vocal commercial.
Flamingo spins around with a chuckle and dashes back sitting down on top of the short stool, reaching out. He slides his hand down into her cupped hand, shouting out loud with laughter. “Now, let there be sound! You’re going to like this song, Arie! It’s an oldie, like you, Mama!” He lifts both of his arms in the air, when the familiar musical song starts to loudly play.
The musical song Super Freak was released in the year 1981, performed by the American Roll and Rock singer Rick James, pulling from the album entitled Street Songs. The two songwriters are James Johnson and Alonzo Miller.
The word “freak” is a slang term for a very promiscuous female.


She’s a very kinky girl
The kind you don't take home to mother
She will never let your spirits down
Once you get her off the street

She likes the boys in the band
She says that I’m her all-time favorite
When I make my move to her room
It’s the right time, she’s never hard to please

That girl is pretty wild now
The girl’s a super freak
The kind of girl you read about
In the new wave magazines
That girl is pretty kinky
The girl’s a super freak
I’d really like to taste her
Every time we meet
She’s all right; she’s all right
That girl’s all right with me, yeah
She’s a super freak, super freak
She’s super freaky, super freak, super freak

She’s a very special girl
From her head down to her toenails
Yet, she’ll wait for me at backstage with her girlfriends
In a limousine

Three’s not a crowd to her, she said
Room 714, I’ll be waiting
When I get there, she’s got incense, wine, and candles
It’s such a freaky scene

That girl is pretty wild now
The girl’s a super freak
The kind of girl you read about
In the new wave magazines
That girl is pretty kinky
The girl’s a super freak
I’d really like to taste her
Every time, we meet
She’s all right; she’s all right
That girl’s all right with me yeah
She’s a super freak, super freak
She’s super freaky, super freak, super freak
Temptations sing, oh, super freak
Super freak, the girl’s a super freak. O!

She’s a very kinky girl
The kind you don’t take home to mother
She will never let your spirits down
Once you get her off the street


At 05:44 p.m., inside the quiet hallway, the line of medical fellows continues to stand and shades their pair of sensitive irises from the bright blinding overhead lamps coming down from the tall ceiling while staring at nose profile on the eighteen years old, high school graduate Flamingo inside the hospital room, without words or movement in silence.
The head physician continues to stand and gasps in alarm, exhaling with disappointment, watching Flamingo. She states, “Flamingo couldn’t do it. I’m so sad. He can’t make Arie wake up or move her still body around inside her hospital bed. Everyone thought he could do it,” she exhales with a puff of worry then performs a head nod and states, “All right! His fun is done now. Everyone, follow me and move inside…”
A loud blast from a rock and rock musical song, featuring a set of nasty words, bombards the four interior hospital room walls and each pair of acute eardrums inside the quiet hallway as the sounds leaks through the row of glass panels.
The head physician gasps in shock and then quickly dashes ahead slamming open the door, moving ahead into the hospital room. She stops and stands a few feet from the hospital bed and Flamingo. The shocked and stunned medical fellows follow her and then stop standing in a semi-crooked line, staring down at Arie.
Beside the hospital bed, Flamingo continues to sit on top of the hard stool and screams out loud with annoyance. “Ouch! Damn!”
Her hand swiftly wraps around his naked forearm, squeezing his tender skin tissue, producing both pain and blood on her troublesome Middle Child.
He continues to sit and laughs out loud, staring down at her cupped hand around his naked arm that ekes out some of his blood proteins over her cupped hand and the yellow tinted bed linen. Flamingo asks, “When did each one of your fingertips develop into a set of sharp kitty-cat claws, Arie?”
She continues to hold his naked slightly bloody arm that rests on top of her hospital bed mattress, croaking out with a terrible low growl, like a wild animal. “Do not call me Arie, Middle Child!”
“Did you receive your tetanus shot, this year, Mama? I really wanna know,” he asks and continues to sit watching his blood leak from her tight motherly gripe.
She releases his bloody arm and opens her two eyelashes, darting her eyeballs at her son, croaking out loud with a terrible low growl, again, like a wild animal, “Water…”
He leans down and assists Arie to sit upright against her large pillow case at her fitted waistline, reaching for a tiny glass of warm water, holding the glass tumbler to her lips. She slowly gulps down the warm water.
Inside the brightly lit hospital room, the head physician and each medical fellow continue to stand in line and watch Arie.
The head medical physician softly claps with a smile and a head nod then exclaims, “Now, that’s a miracle!”
Flamingo removes the glass of water from the chapped lips on Arie and then spins around with a wink to see her physician. He yells, “Geez! Ya got that right, Doc!” He lifts up and shows off his bloody arm from her anger snap of manicured fingernails while nodding with a smile to each medical physician. “I don’t have shitty feline rabies. Now, that’s a fucking miracle!” Flamingo laughs out loud as each medical physician gasps in shock.
Three weeks and five days later…


Saturday June 13th


Hot temperatures with blazing sunlight
McCory Cow Ranch
Entrance hallway setting
01:01 pm


Both Asa and her sister Alina in a white tinted short summer dress and a pair of white sandals dash ahead from an individual open archway tossing from the white arm basket a handful of soft pink tinted flower petals over the clean marble floor, inside the entrance hallway. They twirl around in a circle and giggles with delight and then halt dancing side to side, racing ahead and then stop in the middle of the small aisle, without hitting the preacher. They spin around and then run back again sitting down on the last stairway step, dumping the rest of the flower petals in a pile at their feet sounding with a set of giggles during the wedding ceremony.
In the far wall corner, a single, low-lying padded chair holds a tall, slender, dark-haired female wearing a solid white, ankle-length dress and a musical white-colored harp in both of her naked hands. She gently strums the bridal song.
From each open archway, both Arie and A.J. exit from an individual parlor room and then slowly move ahead turning to face each other and then stop in the middle of the room in front of the single male. The elderly male preacher with a head of thick gray-tinted hair, a pair of brown eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin stands alone wearing a white-tinted ceremonial long robe for the wedding ceremony.
Arie is dressed in a sleeveless pink-tinted short dress and a pair of matching sandals, without a bouquet of flowers. A.J. wears a light blue tinted knit shirt, a pair of white pants, and a pair of dark blue shoes. He reaches out and holds her hands presenting a smile.
On each side of the center couple, two horizontal rows of colorful folding metal chairs contain an individual person.
One side row, Breck sits in a red-colored folded metal chair and wears his traditional assembly, a pair of dark blue jeans, a white-tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, a dark blue sports jacket, and a pair of dark blue cowboy boots. His white-colored cowboy hat hands on the hat rake with his grandfather’s and AJ’s.
He sits beside his girlfriend Precilla. She sits in light green chair and wears a pink sundress with a pair of matching high heeled fashion sandals, smiling at the side profile on both Arie and A.J. in front of the room and the sitting preacher.
Beside Precilla, Cinco sits inside a yellow-colored metal folding chair next to his girl Babbie. Babbie sits in an orange-colored metal folding chair and wears a yellow sundress with a pair of flat matching sandals while smiling at the side profile on both Arie and A.J. also.
On the opposite horizontal row, Flamingo sits in a red-colored folding chair and wears a blue tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt with the words: BURN U on his chest, his pair of tan-colored short pants, his pair of yellow-tinted athletic shoes with the short pair of matching ankles socks. And he wears an ass-backwards, blue-colored baseball cap over his blonde curls showing the words in white hue: BURN U.
Iredell sits in a yellow-colored metal chair in a red-colored summer ankle-length dress and matching flat heels beside Flamingo and reaches over patting his arm while wearing with a happy smile. Reese sits in a pink-colored folding metal chair and wears a pale blue ankle-length dress and a pair of blue sandals. Her husband Jarvis lounges in a purple-colored folding metal chair and wears a pair of faded blue jeans, a white knit shirt, and a pair of polished green and gray cowboy boots.
The triplet brothers made the decision to be present within the crowd of guests, not beside their mother Arie.
Arie is staring her new life with her new husband A.J. Each son is starting a new life at the college campus. It makes sense that her three sons are not included in the wedding ceremony, where her new life is shared with her new husband A.J. Arie and A.J. decided on a simple family wedding, with only the family members.
On the second row, behind the back spine on Flamingo, Aurora and her husband Moe sit in a pair of matching blue-colored folding metal chairs. Aurora wears a black colored dress and a matching pair of high heeled sandal with her sisterly spite. Moe dons a white suit without a tie and a pair of black-colored cowboy boots for fun.
On the second row, behind the back spine on Babbie, the parents of A.J. wiggle sideways in a pair of matching white-colored metal folding chairs wearing a matching tan colored dress and business suit.
On the third row, in a set of matching peach-colored metal chairs, the family friend Sheriff Tommy Lee, his wife, and his daughter attend the small wedding ceremony while staring at the side profile on Arie and A.J.
The preacher nods with a smile at the nose profile on A.J. and then on Arie. “We are here to join this man and this woman. Arie, do you want to tell your future husband anything before I marry both of ya’ll here, today?”
Arie clears her throat and smiles to A.J. “Well, I’m nervous and excited and thrilled and happy about sharing my life with you, A.J. We’ve already been through some pretty good and most unusual moments from our past events together,” she giggles with her secrets and as her triplet sons and A.J. softly chuckle along with hers and their secrets. She grins. “But I know in my heart and in my mind that my future and the rest of my life with you is going to be filled with fun times, but not too many daring adventures. Okay, A.J.!” She laughs out loud and hides her grin with her hands as some of her secret dangerous events have not been shared with her set of loving and elderly parents.
“Ditto!” A.J. nods with a smile and continues to chuckle out loud along with her triplets regarding all the daring adventures over the past months too.
Iredell does not stand or toss an arm in the air but shouts out loud. “Here to the bride and groom!” She drops it and reaches out patting the naked forearm on Flamingo again as they both grin with their deep dark secrets.
The preacher smiles to Arie and then A.J., “I proclaim you, Mr. and Mrs. A.J. Bibb. You may kiss the groom, Mrs. Bibb!”
Arie leans over and kisses his lips, lifting her arm in the air, waving to the guest. Each guest sounds with a set of claps, hoots, and cheers. A.J. raises his arm in the air and waves at the guests also. Each guest continues to sound with a set of claps, hoots, and cheers.
She pulls back with a wink. “That was fun.”
He leans over and cuddles his new wife Arie while staring at each guest, shouting out loud. “And we’ll have more fun, after all the family members leave. Look at the time! Everyone needs to go, right now, this moment, without delay!”
Each guest continues to sit or stands upright from a chair while wearing a smile and as the married couple scoots around the room performing head nods, handshakes, cheekbones kisses and body hugs with their family members and friends celebrating the shortest wedding ceremony in the universe.
On the front row, Flamingo slowly stands upright from the metal chair and as it squeaks in metal pain while smiling with happiness for his mother and his new step-father A.J. His family is back together working through the hard feelings, bad emotions, and terrible hurtful words.
However, time heals everything as the ancient axiom states.
Iredell slowly stands upright from the metal chair with the assistance from her grandson. She leans over and hugs pulling back with a wink to see her middle grandson Flamingo. “Well, grandson, you finally are living in the real world, with the real people. What do you think of the real world, with the real people? What’s the college life like for you as a college man, not high school teenager?”
He smiles, “My new life and my college atmosphere are very intriguing and interesting, Grandmother McCory. I’ve already deeply dived down into all of my academic work and have three tests for next week and two research projects due within four weeks. Wow! Whoa! Woo! College life is really different and tough and challenging to my brain cells. I wasn’t expecting to work my brain and my butt-hole so hard.”
She smiles, “What about all the pretty college girls, dear?”
He exhales with a nod. “Well, I haven’t tried a pretty college female yet. But give me some more time!”
Arie’s mother Reese moves ahead and stands beside the couple, Breck and Precilla, turning to smile at each teenager. “Breck, Cilla, how are your college classes treating your new set of neurons?”
Cilla smiles with a nod, “I’m very busy, Mrs. Dunlap. I didn’t really have any type of homework assignments like in high school that requires completing each week. But I must study for each class course as the college professor likes to ask too many questions during class time which affects my final academic grade. I wanna do well in college, because I’m going to enroll in Law School, after getting a finance degree first.”
Breck smiles with a nod at Reese, “My college classes are going well, Grandma. However, I need to study more for each academic class, and I need to practice more on my college football plays. But, overall, Cilla and I stay busy with each other while attending some of the funner events and inside each one of our individual classes while doing the hard stuff.”
Reese nods. “That’s good to hear!”
Jarvis moves ahead and stands next to the couple, Cinco and Babbie. He reaches out with a smile and slaps the chest on Cinco saying with a chuckle. “What are you wearing, Cinco?”
Cinco presses down on a short-sleeved, button-down, purple, yellow, and blue plaid-patterned dress shirt over his muscular chest wearing a smile and wears a pair of matching trousers over a pair of purple-colored leather shoes. He laughs out loud with nod to Jarvis. “Flamingo had changed his dress style. So, I changed my dress style, too. I’m a college man now. I traded in my pair of dirty white tee shirts, my pair of dirty black jeans, and my nasty biker boots for this cute and sexy assemble.”
Jarvis laughs, “The man in purple and yellow plaid. Didn’t wear that on the football field, Cinco!”
He smiles. “Yeah, I like the look and feel. I can pair my colorful plaid shirt with different types of colored trousers and a pair of matching or non-matching colorful dress shoes. Don’t worry! I won’t be caught in plaid during the football game, Grandpa.”
Babbie leans over and hugs Cinco nodding to Jarvis. “I just love my man, plaid and all.”
“Yeah, I love my girl, too.” Cinco leans over and kisses her face, pulling back with a wink of happiness.
The mother of A.J. wears an ankle-length beige colored lacey dress with numerous diamond jewelry items that covers both of her earlobes, both of her wrist bones, her naked, wrinkled, pale-skinned throat, and all of her ten fingers. The father of A.J. wears a pair of tan-colored trousers, a red knit shirt, and a pair of brown tinted cowboy boots. They both advance ahead toward their son A.J. and his new wife Arie and then halt in place facing the middle-aged newly married couple.
The mother leans over barely tapping his cheekbone, and then pulls back with a fake smile to her only child. “A.J., I hope you and Arie visit us, sometimes, without the children, of course,” she slowly backsteps and carefully scoots around the newly married couple slowly moving ahead towards an open archway and their silver-tinted limousine for the trip back home to Athens.
In front of his father, A.J. fakes a smile and rolls his two eyeballs with annoyance at his snobby mother, looking back at his elderly father, saying with a wink. “Don’t worry, Mom. Arie and I will visit you, without the children, of course. Have a nice trip back to Athens, Mother!”
A.J. father smiles at A.J. and then Arie. “The wedding was short and beautiful. I like a short wedding. Welcome to the family, Arie!” He leans over and hugs Arie, pulling back, planting a fatherly kiss on her cheekbone. He releases Arie and stands back with a smile, extending a handshake to his son. “You did well, A.J. Your mother is going to visit the foreign country of beautiful Canada for the next two calendar months, starting next week. Best wishes, Arie! Congratulations, A.J! So, ya’ll come up with the children too and enjoy the sunset with me on Monday afternoon, kids. Bye, A.J. and Arie!” He scoots around the married couple with laughter and exits the house advancing ahead towards to his wife inside their luxury limousine for the long, boring ride back home to Athens.
Tommy Lee approaches A.J. and Arie while laughing out loud at the snobby behavior from A.J.’s rude mother and then stops leaning over hugging Arie. He pulls back with a wink. “Well, my pseudo-little sister has finally gotten married again. And as your pseudo-big brother, I approve whole-heartedly. Best of luck, Arie! Congratulation, A.J.!” He shakes A.J. hand then gives a brotherly hug to the middle-aged man for taking care of Arie and her three sons pulling back with a nod and a wink.
Arie exhales with happiness and leans over pecking a tiny sisterly kiss at the cheekbone on Tommy Lee, pulling back with a smile, “Thanks to you, Tommy Lee! I’m so grateful and happy and appreciative as you have watched over me and my three sons all these years. And you and A.J. worked well together and both of ya’ll have brought my three boys back home and to me.”
Tommy Lee looks back over his collar bone viewing each triplet son and then returns back to see Arie. “Well, there’s still one more heavenly miracle that needs to occur right here and right now,” he nods back to the wedded couple in silence. The reunion of the triplet brothers back into the McCory clan, after the terrible fight between Arie and Flamingo and the horrible coma state between Arie and Breck.
“And it will. I have faith in my family members and my friends,” A.J. nods and shakes the hand on Tommy Lee, releasing the limb, slapping the bicep on Tommy Lee and nods with a wide smile.
Tommy Lee nods and back steps from both his new and old friends spinning around with a grin, gathering up his family members, leaving the McCory farm house.
The McCory cow ranch manor is 9,000 square feet of living space.
The first greeting room through a set of dark wooden double doors is the entrance hall which displays a fifteen foot high ceiling within fifty foot space with three peach-colored painted walls.
In the middle of the entrance hall, a three-story rosewood staircase gracefully rises up towards the second level and is framed by two curved archways in pretty pinkish colored rosewood. The staircase kisses down onto an ancient marble floor in pink, gray, and white speckles.
The three walls stand bare and naked without a single piece of ugly or pretty art work or a single mounted family picture frame. The entrance wall displays a set of double doors which are partial opened as each guest exits the manor driving back home.
Each side wall with a row of low-lying glass windows display miles of manicured lawn, pods of colorful garden flowers, pads of short trees, and groves of tall shade trees plus some of the pale blue sky and bright sunlight rays.
Flamingo has brotherly kissed and then hugged each biological grandparent without meeting the new set of step-grandparents from A.J.’s family clan, if that word and that idea is a valid claim among new family members while staring out the clean glass window through the set of thinly designed beige colored shear curtains that violently clashes with the peach colored wall.
A tall, slender body frame appears and stands beside Flamingo, wearing an ankle-length light green colored dress and a pair of tan colored sandals, staring out the same glass window. She admires the landscape and says with a smile. “The wedding ceremony was short and sweet. I like that. This room is beautiful and displays miles and miles of your farm land. That’s beautiful too.”
Flamingo turns and frowns at the nose profile on the pale-skinned teenager. “Thanks.”
She turns and smiles at Flamingo, “Hey, Flamingo! How are your college courses progressing as a junior student at Burn U?”
He exhales then states. “I’m sorry. Do I know you?”
She slaps her chest and nods with a smile. “I’m Blanche from our shared AP classes at Lacy Springs High, Flamingo.”
He gasps in shock then exclaims. “Blanche, you…you look so different.”
She tilts her bone skull and then shakes her long black hair strands, nodding with a smile, slapping her body parts in nervousness around college man Flamingo, “Yeah, I had my mouth braces removed and my pair of eyeballs have finally corrected. So, I don’t need to wear my reading eyeglasses anymore.”
He smiles with a wink, “And you grew taller also.”
She stands upright on her tippy toes and reaches the height of his nose bridge, saying with a set of girly giggles, “I guess so.” She drops down on her flat feet, “I’m starting as a junior student in the fall session at Lacy Springs High. But this summer, I’m volunteering at the local hospital. My hopes are to become a pediatric surgeon. I’ve been studying about hydrocephalus and the effect on the human brain. Hydrocephalus is extra cerebrospinal fluid coming from the cerebral ventricle which can be re-routed down and absorbed into the vascular system. There is a new surgical technique, where the surgeon can cut a hole in the bottom on each ventricle and allow the extra fluid to flow out of the brain. I want to help sick babies. I’m planning to attend and graduate from Burn U and then enroll at the Bam U School of Medicine becoming a bonded and licensed Alabama medical pediatric surgeon.”
Flamingo gasps and then smiles and says. “That’s noble cause for each sick child.”
She smiles then states. “Thanks, Flamingo.”
Tommy Lee appears and stands behind his daughter Blanche staring with a fake smile at Flamingo. Tommy Lee knows, too well, Flamingo’s nasty, teenly reputation with all the young females and does not want the teen to flirt or speech with his daughter. He politely says to Flamingo, not Blanche, “Time to go, sweetheart! Mama’s in the car waiting on us. We got stuff to do, before the end of the day. Welcome back home, Flamingo! How are your college classes going?”
Flamingo gasps in shock and whispers for his eardrums only. “Blanche is his daughter. I didn’t know. Well, I did know, but didn’t acknowledge it, until now.” He clears his throat and then smiles. “The college environment is great and challenging, Tommy Lee! How’s your world of law and order here in Lacy Springs?” He laughs at his silly joke as Tommy Lee maintains law and order here in Lacy Springs while keeping Flamingo as a law and order citizen too.
Tommy Lee nods with a smile then states with a firm voice. “Fine and dandy! See you, again, when ya’ll come back and visit Lacy Springs, during Spring Break, Flamingo!”
Flamingo nods and expresses. “Bye, Tommy Lee and Blanche!”
Blanches spins around from the window and slowly moves ahead with her father towards the open archway while shouting out loud. “Bye, Flamingo!”
Inside the entrance hall, Reese and Jarvis slowly shuffle around each person and then stand in front of the newly married couple A.J. and Arie. Reese reaches out and hugs her daughter and then A.J. pulling back, releasing the hug with a smile of happiness for them, “Best of luck to the both of you! I have a feeling that everything will work out fine for the rest of your lives.”
Arie smiles, “Thanks, Mom! I have the same feeling too.”
Jarvis leans over and kisses the smooth cheekbone on Arie, pulling back with a smile. He leans over and shakes the hand on A.J., releasing the limb, saying with a nod. “Welcome to the family, A.J. O! But you’ve already been welcomed into the McCory and Dunlap family for weeks and weeks now. So, just pretend to like the blood-related family members. They’ll never know,” he laughs out loud along with A.J. and Arie.
Reese reaches over and slaps Jarvis, wearing a smile and expresses, “Do not listen to Jarvis, A.J. Welcome to the family, again, A.J. Call us if you need anything, Arie or A.J. We’re only a couple of miles down the road. We need to go and attend to some things, honey. And the entrance hall is clearing out with the wedding guests. Bye, Arie and A.J!”
Arie smiles then expresses, “Bye, Mom and Dad!”
“Bye, Arie and A.J. Welcome to the family, AJ.” Jarvis shouts out loud with a laugh and exits the house.
Tommy Lee and his daughter greet Reese and Jarvis again while they all slowly exit from the house.
Inside the entrance hall, Iredell shuffles around each person, speaks to her other two grandsons and their pretty college girlfriends, and then finally stands before A.J. and Arie. She reaches out and hugs both of them, at the same, pulling back with a smile. “I was hoping for the best, when A.J. showed up to help me. And the best turned out to the greatest for me and you, two kids. Congratulations, Arie and A.J.! Breck, Senior and Junior are both watching down from the heavenly realm and are so proud and happy for the both of you, like me, also.”
A.J. smiles with a nod then states. “Thank you, Iredell.”
Iredell leans over and whispers to Arie. “I’m so happy for you, Arie. Breck is happy too.”
“Thanks for everything, Mom! I…I feel it, too,” Arie whispers back.
Iredell pulls back and releases Arie, smiling at married couple and says, “See ya’ll around the town!” She nods and then scoots sideways, moving ahead, exiting the house for her personal vehicle driving back home to attend the cows and cotton fields. She smiles at the joyous occasion and the happiness for her daughter-in-law and her three grandsons. Almighty God has given Iredell a very happy life.
Aurora and Moe approach A.J. and Arie and then halt. Aurora sorta sneers and then fakes a smile to her older sister, who seems to have everything now. She states with a sour tone, “Congratulations, A.J.! Best of luck, Arie!”
Arie fakes her smile and replies. “Thanks, Aurora!”
A.J. whips out a pair of paper tickets from his blue sports jacket and waves the two items near his smile then expresses. “Thank you, Aurora! I feel like part of family for weeks now. Hey, Aurora and Moe! Arie and I found out too late that the triplets have invited us to their first college social party in Birmingham, next week. Now, we can’t cancel our cruise ship sailing around the Atlantic Ocean. So, we were wondering if you and Moe could use these two cruise tickets.”
Aurora gasps in shock and stares at the two tickets then asks. “When is the cruise ship leaving the mainland? I can’t just walk out of my working job.”
He smiles then explains. “In two weeks, from today, the cruise ship is going to the Caribbean Islands for some fun and sun for nine days. Everything is paid including food meals, transportation, airline tickets, and some fun spending monies that will be stored inside the money safe within your private cruise ship room for gambling or shopping plus a schedule tour of sightseeing events on the big island. What do you think, Aurora?”
She frowns then states. “Well, we have our two little girls to care for.”
He smiles then says. “This particular cruise ship has a kiddie floor, which is supervised by a professional staff of adults, not teenagers. The professional staff of adults are trained First Aid and the kiddie floor offers twenty-four hours of babysitting services. Most cruise ships do, so the loving and worried parents can have fun and not come back to the cruise ship.”
She smiles then says. “Well, if the trip is in two weeks, then I can request time off. And if my two little girls can be supervised by a professional staff and you and Arie cannot absolutely go, then we can go for ya’ll,” she snatches the tickets from A.J.’s hand and looks down with a smile at each ticket. “Let’s go, Moe! I need to call my work supervisor, right now,” she scoots around A.J. and Arie, shouting out loud. “Bye, ya’ll! Come on, Asa and Alina! We’re going back home. Thanks for the cruise ship tickets, A.J.” She moves ahead with a smile towards the open archway whispering about the trip with Moe. The two girls dash ahead and dance side to side while giggling with fun.
Inside the entrance hall, Arie stands in place and shouts at the staircase without seeing her nasty, rude First-born sibling sister, “Bye, Moe and Aurora! Have a fun time!”
A.J. spins around with a smile and waves his hand at the fat ass on his new sister-in-law Aurora and her husband, a shorter and plump Moe. “Enjoy the cruise, Moe and Aurora! If you have questions about the cruise trip, call my travel agent. Her mobile telephone is located on the outside of the ticket. She can explain the agenda and the monies and the events,” he softly chuckles.
Arie exhales with a puff of annoyance at the staircase and spins around viewing the open archway, seeing the manicured lawn. She leans over and frowns into his smooth cheekbone saying with a whisper of annoyance. “Why did you do that? We are not scheduled to go on a cruise ship to anywhere. We are not going on a honeymoon to anywhere. We have had too many fun and dangerous events for the past six months. We decided to stay here in Lacy Springs instead. And the boys do not have a college party for us to attend or celebrate.”
A.J. whispers back with a smile. “Arie, did you not learn anything from that silly but dramatic fake court trial with a real judge and with your real son Flamingo? I’m part of your family now. You meet my biological parents. My dad is cool. My mother is…” he exhales. “I love your family members and your three sons. I wanna be more than liked by all of them too. And you and I are rich, rich, rich. I can afford to spread my money to others. It’s the right thing to do. It makes me happy. I like to be happy. And everyone is happy too.”
She exhales then says. “Yes, you’re correct. I can do more for our family members and my community too.”
He smiles and reaches down, grabbing her hand then states. “Now, we need to start the healing process with your triplet sons, right here and right now.” A.J. spins around and moves ahead to the staircase, swinging around with Arie, tossing his arm in the air. He stares at each triplet, who stands on a different peach-colored wall inside the entrance hall. A.J. is not the biological father of the triplet brothers but holds the key to becoming a good friend with the triplet sons while supporting Arie’s motherly cause with her three sons. He uses his military voice at the three bratty teenagers, so think, they are college men, “Flamingo, Breck, and Cinco, please, come over here to the staircase. Your mother and I have to say to each one of ya’ll.”
On the front wall at the row of low-lying glass windows, Breck stares with a stern face and a bag of mixed teenly emotions at his new stepfather A.J. and his mother Arie, exhaling with worry. He leans over and gently kisses the smooth cheekbone on his girl Cilla, pulling back with a whisper, gently shoving her ahead towards the open archway, without a personal boyfriend escort. She nods to Breck in silence and then swiftly leaves the entrance hall wearing a stern face of worry, driving her personal vehicle back to her house while she worries and waits for her boyfriend Breck.
Breck will finish his personal business with his family clan and then Cilla will drive them back to Birmingham University campus, this afternoon.
On the side wall in front of the row of low-lying glass windows, Cinco stares with a smile of happiness at his new stepfather A.J. and his mother Arie. Babbie leans over and whispers into smooth cheekbone on Cinco, pulling back with a nod, roughly shoving him ahead towards A.J. She swiftly moves ahead with worry and prays for love, exiting the house, driving her personal vehicle back to her home while waiting for her boyfriend Cinco. Then, they’ll drive back to college campus inside her personal vehicle, this afternoon, for starting their college classes on Monday morning.
On the opposite side wall, Flamingo continues to stand and stares through the glass window and then spins around to view his new step-father A.J. and his mother Arie while wearing a stern face of hidden teenly mixed emotions.
The triplet brothers depart their parked spot on the floor then slowly move ahead, stop, and then stand in a semi-crooked row in front A.J. and Arie, in silence.
In front of the staircase, A.J. exhales with a huff of worry and stares at one of her sons, holding her hand then states. “Look! The past two weeks have been hard. And this is not going to get any easier, if each one of you do not look or talk or walk to each other. I am the outsider here. But I am now married to your mother. I love Arie. I do not have any brothers or sisters or aunts or uncles or crazy cousins. Each one of you is lucky to have an extended family unit. I just want you to think about that. I plan to involve my new family members with my future activities. Now, you can elect not to participate. Or you can come back here and have some fun. Either way, you will be invited to each one of our happy and new family social plans here at your homestead McCory Farms and your hometown of Lacy Springs. All college courses will be considered within any future family fun activity. I am going to say one more thing and then I have finished my fatherly lecture. I knew your biological father better than each one of you. He was a good man, a great husband, a loving father, a wonderful friend, and a devoted soldier.
“Each one of you possess parts and pieces of him, that’s why each one of you fight and play well together. I can never take his place as your father. I would never dream of doing that. But I can help mold each one of you into the man, who was your father, that I also admired and respected during our war times and our fun friendship events. Now, I am done. Arie, would you like to say something to your three sons, before they leave back for their college classes at Burn U?”
Arie clears her throat then says. “I love each one of you, equally. I have always tried to develop and guide you towards the best outcome with your individual talents as a mother. However, sometimes, I am wrong. I am wrong, Flamingo! I was wrong to accept words and actions from another person…stranger over my own son’s words, feelings, desires, wants, and needs, whom I love more than myself. I know these are only words. But I am so sorry, Flamingo! I cannot explain my un-motherly acts or terrible motherly reactions. But I was wrong! And I hope, one day, you can see that I am a human and a mother, who can and still will make mistakes. I hope you can forgive me, Flamingo. But in my heart, I still love you and still want the best for my Middle Child,” she wipes the tears of regret, sorrow, confusion, and sadness with her free hand squeezing A.J.’s hand with hers.
Flamingo continues to stand in a row with his two brothers and wipes off his rolling tears of sorrow, confusion, puzzlement and angry, nodding with a stern face. He states to Arie, “I was told a few days ago that I should obey my parents. Well, I had one parent before. Now, I have two parents, where I never did before. Welcome to the family, A.J.! I wanna join and enjoy all your new reindeer games as well as hanging with you is both fun and dangerous,” he laughs along with A.J. and his two brothers and then frowns. “I, too, am a human, a son, and a brother. And I, too, make mistakes, Mama, Breck, Cinco, and A.J. My mistakes are grand, unforgivable, and unforgettable. But over time, the brain learns to forget in both pain and sorrow, replacing new cells in both laughter and happiness. I admit that I have not been happy over the past two weeks. I have dived into the school work and focused my mind, not my heart. But I have come to miss my two brothers that is part of me as a set of triplet siblings, three blood-related biological brothers from the zygote. I know all of this is hard and requires hard work to level out my feelings and my anger towards you, Mama and you, Breck. But I think I have advanced one step forward with a thousand more to go. What do you think about this, Breck?”
Breck continues to stand beside Flamingo and looks down to see the floor and then up to see each face, nodding with a stern face, thumbing at Flamingo. He says to Arie, “Leave it up to Flamingo to steal my damn speech!” He laughs out loud along with the others and leans over hugging Flamingo with his brotherly love.
Cinco continues to stand beside Flamingo and tosses both of his arms in the air, laughing with a nod then states. “I don’t know what in the hell Flamingo just said. But, if it means that we are three brothers again, then I’m in.” He drops both of his arms and hugs his brother Flamingo laughing with delight.
Flamingo rolls his eyeballs and then smiles, saying at A.J., “Geez! I spill out my guts over the floor and then my two brothers stomp all over them.”
Cinco removes his arms from Flamingo then looks down at the floor and returns back to see Flamingo. He asks, “What guts? Do you have butthole diarrhea, Flamingo? Is it contagious? Breck cooked the food meal last night. His food was good to eat. I ate a lot of his good food. Was there something in the food that caused your butthole diarrhea to spill into your girly pants, Flamingo? What was it?”
Flamingo turns and frowns saying to his brother. “Forget you, Cinco! I was being profound!”
“Pound of what?” Cinco turns and frowns at Breck asking with concern. “Am I getting butthole diarrhea in my manly briefs, too, dude? Was the pound of meat contaminated with E-coli or something vile, Breck? Am I going to be sick like you, too, Flamingo?”
Flamingo moves ahead, stops and hugs his mother Arie, kissing her cheekbone, and pulls back with a smile. He softly states, “I love you, Mama!”
Arie hugs her son and nods with a smile then softly says. “I love you, Flamingo!” Each person shuffles around and starts to show personal body affection to each relative.
Finally, A.J. back steps from the huddle of warm bodies and tosses both of his arms in the air with laughter. He slaps his hands down onto his trousers nodding with a grin, “Has everyone kissed a cheekbone and shook a warm hand? Good job! Because, we have a set of presents.”
Cinco looks back over his collar bone and stares at the naked walls returning back with puzzlement to see A.J. and Arie, pointing at his mother. “Bu, you’re the newly newlyweds of marriage here today. We should give you a wedding present. However, I don’t have a weeding present to give the newly wedded newlyweds. Is that okay, Mama? However, I do have questions. Where’s the tall white colored wedding cake? Where’s your long and white colored wedding dress? Where’s your bouquet of pretty pink colored roses? Where’s the bowl of colorful wedding mints? Where’s the ugly wire iron-coated arch with an array of pretty smelly wedding flowers, Mama?”
“A.J. and Mama want everyone to leave, after their short but sweet wedding ceremony, not stay and eat mints, Cinco.” Flamingo laughs and then back steps from Arie winking at A.J. standing in the line with his two brothers, again, while elbowing Cinco and loudly laughing along with Breck.
“Come outside, ya’ll!” A.J. grabs Arie’s hand and leads his newly inherited family clan through the open archway on the front door wearing a smile.

At 01:48 p.m., within a heated day of blinding sunlight, A.J. and Arie stops and stands on top of the yellow-colored brick-coated driveway that runs in front of their house staring a line of tall and parked objects.
Breck, Flamingo, and Cinco stop and stand behind A.J. and Arie admiring a line of tall and parked objects in both silence and curiosity.
A.J. spins around with Arie and releases her hand thumbing back over his collar bone at the first object saying with a smile. “The first gift, Arie’s pickup truck. The truck has been washed and cleaned. And it has been officially registered to its new owner, first-born triplet son Breck, foreverly,” he laughs with Arie.
Breck gasps with shock and smiles at Arie. “Mama’s pickup truck! I get to have and then drive her pickup truck to college for all my classes and then back here to Lacy Springs for visiting ya’ll.”
Arie nods with a smile. “Well, I think it’s a fair trade. I wrecked your pickup truck, when I hit that ancient tall oak tree. So, you can have my pickup truck to drive around the city streets of Birmingham and then back home to Lacy Springs, Breck.” Breck moves ahead, stops, and hugs the front grill on his used pickup truck wearing a smile.
After his mother Arie had wrecked his personal jacked-up pickup truck, he was driving around the town inside her personal vehicle. Once his college classes started in the month of June, he was riding his girlfriend Cilla going back and forth from his academic classes or using a solar bike around the campus grounds or walking for his health.
Breck pulls back with a smile and pats the truck with love. “Thanks, Mama!” He spins around and rushes ahead, hugging Arie then A.J., pulling back with a smile. “I love you, Mama and A.J.” He slowly backsteps from the wedded couple and then slams into the front grill again stopping and watching the rest of the action.
In the brotherly line-up, Flamingo frowns at Arie. “What are you going to drive around town and around the farm property, Mama?”
“I do not need to drive an automobile. I have a permanent chauffeur, “Arie leans over and bumps into A.J. wearing a bright smile.
“All right! I ain’t touching that one!” Flamingo tosses both of his palms near his smile laughing out loud and slams his hands onto Cinco starting a short brotherly fight for fun while they laugh again. They stop the horseplay and stare at Arie and A.J.
Cinco spins around and frowns at her truck. “Why didn’t you buy Breck a new pickup truck, Mama? You got money. I got money. Breck can buy a new pickup truck with his money.” He swings back around and nods to his mother.
A.J. smiles, “Each gift is given in love, not greed, Cinco.”
Cinco frowns. “O!”
Arie exhales. “About your personal inheritance monies, I am very happy that each one of you did not try to access that money inside your personal bank account. The money is shared by me and you. If you had taken any of the money, then I could have had your butt-hole arrested by Tommy Lee.”
“Not fuckingly happening ever again!” Flamingo shakes his new ass-backwards BURN U cap and presents a frown rising both of his palms near his jawline then slaps his hands down onto his walking shorts.
Arie smiles, “The money cannot be touched, until you turn the wiser at the old age of twenty-five years old.”
Cinco gasps, “Why so long of time, for the monies, Mama? Twenty-five years old is seven years from right here and right now.”
She smiles, “Because I love each one of you.”
Cinco frowns. “O!”
A.J. nods and displays a set of car fob near his smile. “Cinco, you need a safer vehicle for your long-distance driving, not a racing motorcycle. So, I give up and give to you my personal pickup truck. The truck has been washed and cleaned and also officially registered with papers in your name as the permanent owner, foreverly, too.”
Cinco nods and smiles, “Wow! Really! You’re giving up your personal, jacked-up pickup truck for Mama. Then you’re giving your pickup to me. Thanks, A.J.! This is great, wonderful, fantastic,” he snatches the car fob from A.J., spins around, and advances to truck, opening the door, looking inside.
Cinco had only used a motorcycle during his years in high school. Once his college courses started in the month of June with his two brothers Flamingo and Breck, he was hiking a ride with his girl Babbie or using a solar bike on campus grounds or hiking on feet with Breck.
A.J. says. “A motorcycle and a terrain vehicle are both loaded inside the truck bed for your fun, Cinco. But you must be very careful driving around the college campus and not on any of the public streets there in Birmingham. That driving action could have some serious consequences.”
Cinco back steps with a smile and spins around with laughter, winking at A.J., shouting out loud to Breck. “I have learned my life lesson about trespassing on private property. Ain’t that right, Breck?”
Breck continues to stand in front the truck grill and laughs out loud nodding with a smile. “O yeah! That’ll never, ever happen, again. I promise.”
In the bright sunlight, each family member shuffles ahead then stops standing in front of Flamingo’s new sports car.
Arie leans over and hugs each one of her sons pulling back, standing beside her new husband, staring at each son. “Well, this is your individual high school graduation gift. I had planned something totally different, but it didn’t work that way. And I am so sorry that each one of you missed your high school graduation ceremony. Well, the Lacy Springs High School graduation ceremony never took place at the school campus this year. I and some of the other parents have talked with Principal Marshall about that. He says that he is so sorry also. The school year session has concluded. He cannot go back and restructure a Lacy Springs high school graduation ceremony for the senior class members. I offered to pay to reconstruct the graduation celebration. He said it was a state law preventing him and me to do that. And all the high school diplomas have been distributed to all the graduating high school students. So, this is it, ya’ll. I give all my motherly love and offer all my heavenly prayers that you drive safely and safe back to Burn U. I hope that each one of you are successful in all of your academic classes and graduate within your allocated time of four years or two years. A.J. and I will be present at each and every Burn U football game. Don’t worry! He has received his Burn U tickets already and our assigned seats for the entire Dunlap and McCory family clan, including our non-football player Flamingo. This is your home always and forever. You can come back home at any time for any reason, unexplained, of course. I’m retiring from the farming life and allowing Horace more responsibly, until my heir Cinco comes back and takes over our farmlands. A.J. and I will not be traveling throughout the world anymore until the end of the football season and the holiday celebrations at the end of the calendar year. So, I want each one of you to have fun in college but remember to study and eat all of your vegetables. Call me or A.J. for anything! A.J. and I can drive down and fix all your problems but your academic grades,” she laughs with the others.
A.J. nods with a smile to each triplet brother. “Arie has expressed both my words and my feelings. So, do you have any questions or comments or complains or compliments for us, before ya’ll three drive off into brightly heated damn day of summer back towards your nicely air-conditioned apartment house?” He laughs with the others also.
Breck reaches out and taps the pink engine hood on the ugly sports car. “Where in the hell is your personal beautiful red colored sports car, Flamingo? This thing is a piece of shit. This thing looks like a piece of shit too. Why do you drive this piece of shit thing around the town? Cinco and I retrieved your personally, beautiful, red-colored sports car from the police impound that terrible day, when we tried but couldn’t capture your ass in metro Birmingham. And then Cinco drove it back home and parked it inside the garage for your usage. However, you have been driving around in this shitty looking piece of junk, not your usual cool car. Where’s your real sports car, Flamingo?”
Flamingo stands beside his new ugly car and reaches over with a smile patting the fixed ugly door frame, nodding to each brother in silence.


§


Twenty-six days ago, Flamingo had driven the ugly looking sports car and parked the strange vehicle inside one of the open garage spaces right beside his beautiful red-colored sports car, after awaking Arie from her coma-state inside her hospital room, when he returned home feeling happiness, telling each brother about the heavenly miracle that only came only from Almighty God. 
As a selfish and arrogant fifteen-year-old kid, Flamingo had ordered the sports car from the local car dealership three months, before his sixteen-year-old celebratory birthday party. His mother Arie was a billionaire, who would spend money and purchase luxury items for her three sons.
Flamingo started driving his shiny sports car around the tiny town of Lacy Springs for two years, until his mother Arie took the pretty automobile away from his ass within the city of Birmingham on a pretty Sunday morning, two days ago, because she owned the car, not Flamingo.
During his brief impromptu visit to metro city Birmingham, Flamingo lived alone and quiet, without his two brothers. The nights were peaceful but boring. The days were heated and uneventful, until Breck and Cinco shown up and scared the pookie dookie outta of Flamingo’s clean underwear briefs.
Also, during his brief Birmingham trip, Flamingo had not starved for food or slept on a park bench or ran out of cash money, but he lost sometime more valuable, his compassion. He was striving to learn and yearn becoming a future medical physician, which required compassion to cure a sick patient or help a dying human being.
He had swiftly run away from his mother, who was a caring human being, right after that silly court trial. He felt anger, fury, hate, disappointment, betrayal, and sad emotions as a silly and arrogant teenage son. If Flamingo had stayed and offered his forgiveness to his mother, then she would not have decided to use Breck’s pickup truck and chase after her son, which resulted in an accident and her bodily injury.
Arie would have avoided the car accident with the tall oak tree and her hospital stay from a medical coma, if her son Flamingo had been both bold and brave enough to denounce his angry words and arrogant ways and then asked for forgiveness from his mother. Both Arie and Flamingo were wrong, but their bonded family love would have saved both of them.
Now, Flamingo has learned that a human life is precious, which can only be taken away from Planet Earth by Almighty God. So, he accepts his major and minor teenly mistakes and tries to learn not to repeat them again. His beautiful red tinted sports car floods his active mind with old and sad memories of good and bad times during his silly and careless youth. Now, Flamingo wants to create and experience a set of new happy memories.
So, he dumped the old for the new.
Thus, the beautiful red tinted sports car is gone from both his mind and his body leaving an empty space that is slowing filling with his love and appreciation for his personal life, his mother, his two brothers, his new step-father, and all types of new and interesting college friends.
Also, during his high school days, Flamingo ruled the school campus using his good looks, his charming personality, his string of famous curse words, his wandering dick, and his set of smart neurons, becoming the Big Man on campus among his peers, friends, and foes. He might be a multi-millionaire, but he worked to maintain a set of good grades and the respect from his mother, his grandmother, and the older citizens of Lacy Springs and his dreams of becoming a medical physician.
Now, he is one of the numerous junior college students that attend the public institution called Birmingham University. On his first day of college, inside his first class of academic Medicinal Chemistry, he witnessed a thirteen-year-old kid genius, who was also a junior college student, like Flamingo, that almost taught the day’s class lecture, using his set of smart brain cells. The kid genius wants to become a brain surgeon.
Flamingo was both stunned and shocked but learned another life lesson. His good looks, his charming personality, his string of curse words, his wandering dick, and his other material possessions do not matter within the college environment. His set of smart neurons will determine his success or failure in reaching his dream career as a medical physician.


§


At 02:06 p.m., in the heated day, on top of the driveway, in front of A.J. and Arie, Flamingo turns and smiles down at his ugly-looking sports car.
The car displays a pink fender on the rear and a pale blue fender on the other backside, a yellow fender on the front and a midnight black fender on the other front side. The engine hood is colored in dark green. The side door displays in dark blue hue and the driver’s side door is gray tint. The trunk hood is orange color. The car possesses a set of black fifteen-inched wheels. The engine hood is bulged up and then humpbacked like a whale. The wheel is arched out, and there is a rear spoiler in a tone of fancy, girly lavender tint. There isn’t a front grill of steel but one gigantic front intake of shouting out loud strength. And the rooftop is bright red that blinds each pair of eyeballs.
His car hides a 5.8-liter supercharged V-8 engine and flies from a resting pose of zero miles-per-hour to 60 miles-per-hour in 3.5 seconds where Flamingo has tested over and over again, racing around the outskirts of Birmingham and Lacy Springs. The car runs a set of quarter mile tire marks in 11.6 seconds at 125 miles-per-hour. The muscle car goes up to the maximum speed of 200 miles-per-hour as Flamingo and A.J. discovered in secret, of course, without Arie’s knowledge, most definitely and defiantly.
Flamingo looks up and smiles to Breck and then Cinco, still patting the car, saying with a nod. “This is my new or rather older car now. Me and my old, ugly sports car have been through lots of shitty fun. I find that I can’t part with her, my new love.” He laughs. “My personal and beautiful red sports car has been donated for a good cause. Isn’t that right, Mama?”
When Arie was feeling better departing the hospital for her home, Flamingo approached A.J. as a friend and then explained his personal experience in metro city Birmingham. Flamingo wanted to donor his sixty thousand dollar sports car to the Rent-A-Lemon private company in gratitude for giving a stupid teenager a chance and a car. Else, Flamingo would not have come back and saved Arie. Or Arie would not have saved Flamingo, depending on the narrator of the storyline.
A.J. nodded in agreement and discussed the proposal with Arie in private. Arie nodded her approval that Flamingo was maturing nicely into his adult manhood.


§


Twenty-two days later, A.J. drove the beautiful red tinted sports car back to Birmingham and parked the car at the Rent-A-Lemon business venture. Flamingo had driven the ugly sports car and parked on the side road while watching AJ conduct business.
A.J. and the two young male owners of the company worked together and exchanged Flamingo’s pretty sports car for the ugly sports one along with a large cash settlement to Rent-A-Lemon Company.
The two owners were happy. Flamingo was happy. And A.J. experienced a bout of extreme car sickness from the rolling motion inside the ugly speeding sports car on the trip back home to Lacy Springs as driver Flamingo laughed out loud and announced. “Beauty is not in the eye of the beholder but underneath the V-8 engine. Ain’t that right, A.J.?” He drove faster and laughed hardy.


§


At 02:07 p.m., in the heated day, on top of the yellow driveway, Breck wipes his sweaty brow and frowns down at the car and then views Flamingo. He asks, “What in the hell does that mean, bro?”
A.J. claps and smiles at each triplet brother while sweating on his face within the heated sunlight rays also. He states, “That means, you’re ready to roll back to college campus in your used and abused individual vehicle. Good luck in college! Drive safe on the road! And don’t forget your girlfriend, Breck and Cinco! Do not get a speeding ticket, either, Flamingo!” He slaps his chest and nods to Flamingo as his three new step-sons leave their homestead for a set of new adventures.
Arie smiles then says to Flamingo. “That means, Flamingo also has received a high school graduation present coming from his mother too. My three redneck babies, I offer good bye for now, until our next family event later this month or around the Fourth of July festivals. Drive carefully! Study long and hard! I love each one of you, always and forever,” She moves ahead with a face of happy tears, not sad, and hugs each son, pulling back from a motherly peck on each son’s cheekbone, stepping backwards from each one of her babies. She stands with her new husband A.J. and looks forward to their new adventures here on the McCory Cow Ranch tonight and the rest of her adult middle-aged days and nights, until her three sons finally graduate college and then come back and take over the farm operations within seven years.
Each triplet brother dashes ahead feeling new teenly excitement with their college future and then slides down into an individual driver’s seat on a used and abused personal vehicle, a graduation gift with love from their mother Arie.
Each one cranks a cold engine and sits a few seconds longer inside the driveway while waving back to both A.J. and Arie, wearing a smile of happiness but feels a little sad about leaving their home for the next seven years.

At 02:10 p.m., Breck wiggles getting comfortable in the familiar captain’s chair or driver’s chair adjusting the radio, finding one of his familiar country musical songs. He smiles and hears the familiar words while lip-singing along with the musical tune, without spoiling the musical genius of the song.
The musical song entitled Boys ‘Round Here was released March 26, 2013, coming from the studio album named Based on a True Story, by the American musical country artist Blake Shelton. The song was written by Craig Michael Wisemen, Rhett Akins, and Dallas Davidson. The musical song was produced by Scott Hendricks.


Well, the boys around here, don’t listen to The Beatles
Run old Bocephus through a jukebox needle
At a Honky Tonk, where their boots stomp
All night! What? (That’s right!)
Yea! And what they call work, digging in the dirt
Gotta get it in the ground before the rain come down
To get paid, to get the girl
In your four-wheel drive (a country boy can survive)

Yea! The boys around here
Drinking that ice cold beer
Talking about girls, talking about trucks
Running them red dirt roads out, kicking up dust
The boys around here
Sending up a prayer to the Man upstairs
Backwoods legit, don’t take no shit
Chew tobacco, chew tobacco, chew tobacco, spit

Aw, heck!
Red, red, red, red, red, red, redneck

Well, the boys around here, they’re keeping it country
Ain’t a damn one know how to do the dougie
(You don’t do the dougie?)
No, not in Kentucky
But these girls around here yep, they still love me
Yea! The girls around here, they all deserve a whistle
Shaking that sugar, sweet as Dixie crystal
They like that ya’ll and southern drawl
And just can’t help it, because they just keep falling

For the boys around here
Drinking that ice cold beer
Talking about girls, talking about trucks
Running them red dirt roads out, kicking up dust
The boys around here
Sending up a prayer to the man upstairs
Backwoods legit, don’t take no shit
Chew tobacco, chew tobacco, chew tobacco, spit

Let me hear you say
(O! Let’s ride!)
(O! Let’s ride!)
Down to the river side

Hey, now, girl! Hop inside
Me and you gonna take a little ride to the river
Let’s ride! (That's right!)
Lay a blanket on the ground
Kissing and the crickets is the only sound
We out of town
Have you ever got down with a … 
red, red, red, red, red, red, redneck?
And do you wanna get down with a ...
red, red, red, red, red, red, redneck?
Girl, you gotta get down

With the boys around here
Drinking that ice cold beer
Talking about girls, talking about trucks
Running them red dirt roads out, kicking up dust
The boys around here
Sending up a prayer to the man upstairs
Backwoods legit, don't take no shit
Chew tobacco, chew tobacco, chew tobacco, spit

Red, red, red, red, red, red, redneck
(O! Let’s ride!)
I’m one of them boys around here
(O! Let’s ride!)
Red, red, red, red, red, red, redneck
(O! Let’s ride)

Well, all I’m thinking about is you and me, how we’ll be
So, come on, girl! Hop inside
Me and you, we’re gonna take a little ride
Lay a blanket on the ground
Kissing and the crickets is the only sound
We out of town
Girl, you gotta get down with a...
Come on through the country side
Down to the river side


Breck breaks the sad moment and then steers ahead off first, like always, as the first born triplet of Mrs. Arie Bibb and the deceased Breck Freehurst McCory, Junior, slowly driving down the smooth driveway, exiting onto the main highway. He leads the triplet brothers away from their homestead for the last time. Breck is heading back towards Precilla’s house. She will be surprised with his new, slightly used vehicle. Then they will drive back to Birmingham University together inside his new pickup truck for their set of shared academic classes on Monday morning.

At 02:11 p.m., Cinco fiddles with the radio then finds a familiar musical song then starts to wiggle his ass inside the driver’s seat.
The musical song entitled The Distance was released on October 15th, 1996, coming from the studio album named Fashion Nugget, by the American alternative rock band named Cake. The song was written by band member guitarist Greg Brown. The musical band played Pop Rock and Rap Pop sounds.
The musical song consists of standard guitar, bass, and drums setup with a solo trumpet along with John McCrea’s deadpan vocals. The song did not feature a rhythm guitar but features an overlaid synthesized and other non-traditional musical sounds. The musical song theme is a metaphor of a frantic race car driver.


Reluctantly crouched at the starting line
Engines pumping and thumping in time
The green light flashes, the flags go up
Churning and burning, they yearn for the cup
They deftly maneuver and muscle for rank
Fuel burning fast on an empty tank
Reckless and wild, they pour through the turns
Their prowess is potent and secretly stern

As they speed through the finish, the flags go down
The fans get up and they get out of town
The arena is empty, except for one man
Still driving and striving as fast as he can
The sun has gone down, and the moon has come up
And long ago, somebody left with the cup
But he’s driving and striving and hugging the turns
And thinking of someone for whom he still burns

He’s going the distance
He’s going for speed
She’s all alone (all alone)
All alone in her time of need

Because he’s racing and pacing and plotting the course
He’s fighting and biting and riding on his horse
He’s going the distance
No trophy. No flowers. No flashbulbs. No wine
He’s haunted by something, he cannot define
Bowel-shaking earthquakes of doubt and remorse
Assail him, impale him with monster-truck force
In his mind, he’s still driving, still making the grade

She’s hoping in time that her memories will fade
Cause, he’s racing and pacing and plotting the course
He’s fighting and biting and riding on his horse
The sun has gone down, and the moon has come up
And long ago somebody left with the cup
But he’s striving and driving and hugging the turns
And thinking of someone for whom he still burns

Cause, he’s going the distance
He’s going for speed
She’s all alone (all alone)
All alone in her time of need

Because, he’s racing and pacing and plotting the course
He’s fighting and biting and riding on his horse
He’s racing and pacing and plotting the course
He’s fighting and biting and riding on his horse

He’s going the distance
He’s going for speed
He’s going the distance

Ah no! So sad! All right!
O no! O no! No! No!


Cinco leaves out next out of order from the birth lineup as the baby born triplet son from Mrs. Arie McCory Bibb and the deceased Breck Freehurst McCory, Junior, slowly driving down the same driveway, exiting onto the same main highway. He follows a few feet behind Breck and drives to see Babbie first at her home while showing off all his new set of transport toys next.
On top of the yellow driveway of a heated day, inside an air-conditioned cockpit, Flamingo adjusts the musical CD in the music players with one of his familiar rock and roll musical songs.
The musical song entitled Turn up the Radio coming from the studio album Sign in Please and was released on December 22, 1984, by the American glam metal musical band Autograph. The musical song was produced by Neil Kernon. The musical song was written by Keni Richards; Randy Rand; Steve Lynch; Steven Ernest Isham and Steven L. Plunkett.
The members of the band included Steve Plunkett, (lead vocals; rhythm guitar); Steve Lynch (lead guitar); Steve Isham (keyboards); Randy Rand (bass guitar) and Keni Richards (drums).


Turn it up!
Girl!

I’m working hard; you’re working too
We do it every day
For every minute, I have to work
I need a minute of play
Day in, day out! All week long
Things go better with rock
The only time, I turn it down
Is when I’m sleeping it off

Turn up the radio
I need the music, gimme some more
Turn up the radio
I want to feel it, got to gimme some more

Now listen!
I want to shake; I want to dance
So, count it off a one, two, three
I feel the beat; I’m in a trance
No better place to be
Daytime, nighttime, anytime
Things go better with rock
I’m going twenty-four hours a day
I can’t seem to stop

Turn up the radio
I need the music, gimme some more

Turn up the radio
I want to feel it, got to gimme some more
Turn up the radio
I want to feel it, got to gimme some more

Turn up the radio
I need the music, gimme some more
(Yeah!)
Turn up the radio
I want to feel it got to gimme some more
(Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!)

Turn up the radio
(Come on!)
I need the music, gimme some more
(Everybody)
Turn up the radio
(Turn it up!)

I want to feel it, got to gimme some more
(Whoooooooooooooooooooo!)
Turn up the radio
(Turn it up!)

I need the music, gimme some more
(Gimme some more)
Turn up the radio

(Whew! Come on!)
I want to feel it, got to gimme some more
(Gimme all you got!)
Turn up the radio


Flamingo presses down the clutch pedal and revs the powerful engine while loudly laughing in his driver’s seat, without moving his car forward. He releases the clutch pedal and presses down on the gasoline pedal at the same time while slowly steering ahead down the same driveway without burning the bricks or the tires. He reaches the end of the driveway and then turns onto same main highway, swiftly increasing the speed, chasing after Cinco while loudly laughing again with delight.
The trio of McCory brothers travel down the interstate, in a separate automobile, heading back towards Birmingham University, for their set of shared academic classes, on Monday morning.

At 02:12 p.m., within the heated day in the month of June, on top of the yellow driveway, in front of their two hundred-year-old antebellum mansion, A.J. hugs Arie watching each teen drive away from their home, only temporarily, not permanently. Arie smiles with a face of rolling happy tears for each one of her smart, healthy sons.
They watch the rear end of girly lavender hue on the ugly sports car disappear from eye view over the curved highway and then Arie and A.J. slowly spin around moving inside their house, starting their new life together sharing a set of giggles and smiles.
Twelve years later…


Year 2034
Friday August 18th
hot sizzling temperatures with bright sunlight

McCory Cow Ranch
Entrance hallway setting
11:11 a.m.


Arie slowly emerges from the Belle’s Parlor Room and wears a pink dress, saying with a smile. “The food plates are ready.”
A.J. slowly emerges from the Beau’s Parlor Room, wearing a light blue tee shirt, a pair of white tinted trousers and a set of dark blue leathers, presenting a grin. He announces. “And the cold beverages on the wooden counter are standing upright, until the guests hit the bar.” He halts and tilts his bone skull hearing the words from the musical song.
The musical song known Church Bells and released on her studio album entitled Storyteller, on April 3, 2016, by the American country musician singer and songwriter Carrie Underwood. The musical song was written by Brett James; Zach Crowell, and Lee Lindsey.


Jenny grew up wild, like a Blackfoot daisy
Out in the shack with a Bluetick hound
Broke as hell, but blessed with beauty
The kind that a rich man can't turn down

She caught the eye of an oil man dancing
One summer night in a dime store dress
She had the looks; he had the mansion
And you can figure out the rest

It was all roses, dripping in diamonds
Sipping on champagne
She was all uptown, wearing that white gown
Taking his last name

She could hear those church bells ringing, ringing
And up in the loft, that whole choir's singing, singing
Fold your hands and close your eyes
Yeah! It’s all gonna be alright
And just listen to the church bells ringing, ringing
Yeah! They’re ringing

Jenny was hosting Junior League parties
And having dinner at the country club
Everyone thought they were Ken and Barbie
But Ken was always getting way too drunk

Saturday night, after a few too many
He came home ready to fight
And all his money could never save Jenny
From the devil living in his eyes

It was all bruises, covered in makeup
Dark sunglasses
And that next morning, sitting in the back pew
Praying with the Baptists

She could hear, those church bells ringing, ringing
And up in the loft, that whole choir singing, singing
Fold your hands and close your eyes
Yeah! It’s all gonna be alright
You just listen to the church bells ringing, ringing
Yeah! They’re ringing

Jenny slipped something in his Tennessee whiskey
No Law Man was ever gonna find
And how he died is still a mystery
But he hit a woman for the very last time

She could hear those church bells ringing, ringing
Standing there in a black dress singing, singing
Fold your hands and close your eyes
Yeah! It’s all gonna be alright

And just listen to the church bells ringing, ringing
Yeah! They’re ringing


He frowns then stands upright spinning around, saying to Arie. “Church bells! That song is not about getting married with ringing church bells from a church steeple. No one is getting married here today or tomorrow. As a matter of fact, I do not know another young couple getting married today or tomorrow. Why are you playing that particular song, Arie?”
She enters the hallway and smiles then explains, “The song is about what will happen to you, if you decide to ever divorce me.” Arie laughs.
She greets him in the middle of the entrance hallway, in front of the grand staircase, hugging and kiss for a few seconds, pulling back with a smile.
“Yes, dear,” he states then winks at his old married wife of thirteen years and starts to softly chuckle.

At 11:13 am, the front door is unlocked as always and slowly parts open.
Jarvis enters the hallway and yells out loud, “Are we late?” He is thirteen years older and presents at the age of seventy-one years old. He slowly moves inside the entrance hall and always wears a smile knowing he is not late, and then stops standing in front of A.J. and Arie, wearing a pale blue tee shirt and a pair of blue jeans. He leans over and kisses the cheekbone on his daughter, pulling back with a wink. “Congratulations to the new Grandma and Grandpa!”
Arie smiles then asks, “And how does it feel to become a great-grandfather, now, Daddy?”
Jarvis pats his flat belly, grinning with mouth of yellow teeth then expresses. “Wonderful! I can still run with the deer and play with the antelope.”
A.J. laughs then expresses. “Antelopes don’t live and play here in Alabama, Jarvis, only in the song.”
“Is it snowing? I thought it was springtime here in Bama,” Jarvis states then chuckles.
“Ignore the old coot! He can’t hear a thunderstorm play in the skyline anymore.” Reese appears and stands beside her husband reaching out, slapping his naked forearm. She wears a pink-colored, ankle-length cotton dress from the heated day. She leans over and hugs her daughter and her son-in-law, pulling back with a grin. She asks, “Do you need any help in the parlor room, dear?”
Arie says, “No, ma’am. Everything is ready for the party. We’re just waiting on the guests of honor.”
Reese nods and exclaims. “And my, my, my, there are many guests to honor here today.”

At 11:14 a.m., a different familiar musical song starts to play from the hidden wall speakers into the hallway entrance space for all the new guests.
The musical song entitled My Own Drum was written by singer and songwriter Lin-Manuel Miranda and performed by musician artists Missy Elliott and Ynairaly Simo. The musical song was created for the Hollywood studio movie film and studio album named Vivo. The film was scheduled to be released into all the physical theaters on July 30, 2021 but was cancelled due to the COVID 19 Pandemic and released to digital television on August 06, 2021 instead.


I bounce to the beat of my own drum
I’m a wow in a world full of ho-hum
I’m a wild young lady, but you know something.
I’d rather be at home with my own drum

I bounce to the beat of my own drum
I’m a wow in a world full of ho-hum
I’m a wild young lady, but you know something.
I’d rather be at home with my own drum

I had a violin, but I wrecked the rental
I play the tambourine and I’m never gentle
Whoops! See what I mean? That was accidental!
But, now, that we’re a team, we’ll be instrumental

Instrumental, ha
See what I did there?
I made a pun, ha
I’m having fun, ha
I’m never done, ha
I’m just a one young woman
Ba-rum-pa-pum-pum

I bounce to the beat of my own drum
I’m a wow in a world full of ho-hum
I’m a wild young lady, but you know something.
I’d rather be at home with my own drum

Extra. Extra. Read all about it
I’m extra, extra
The kid, that the other kids can’t get next too
I got my own seat on the bus
I’ve always been a me, not an us

“You’re at a ten!’
“I need you, at a three!” Ha!
Try that again!
I gotta be me. Yo!
I am a ten
I gotta be free
And I got a friend
We’re a team and a we

Bounce to the beat of our own drum
We’re a wow in a world full of ho-hum
I’m a wild young lady, but you know something.
I’d rather be at home with my own drum

Solo

Ha! Now, that’s a solo
I’ve always flown solo
I speed up, when the world’s in slo-mo
Make it up, as I go, when I don’t know
And I know
I know, it seems, like I’m lonely
People assume that I’m lonely
Look at this room
And assume that you know me, homie
You don’t know me; I’m in the zone

We bounce to the beat of our own drum
We’re a wow in a world full of ho-hum
I’m a wild young lady, but you know something.
I’d rather be at home with my own drum

We bounce to the beat of our own drum
We're a wow in a world full of ho-hum
I’m a wild young lady, but you know something.
I’d rather be at home with my own drum

Bounce
Bounce
Bounce
Bounce
Where’d you go, huh?


The front door swings open and reveals a teenager girl, who wears a short pink tinted silk dress and a pair of matching sandals. She enters first before her younger sister Alina and swiftly moves inside the entrance hall, heading ahead towards the belle parlor room, where a table of refreshments and a row of new modern electronic toys sit. Asa smiles and walks ahead staring down at her palm-shaped personal mobile telephone, wearing a pink colored dress that matches her sister Alina. She nicely greets, “Hey, Aunt Arie and Uncle A.J.!”
“Asa and Alina, both of you come back here and hug your old grandmother.” Reese shouts at her two grandchildren then scoots around the Arie and follows the two teenagers into the Belle’s Parlor Room.
During each family gathering, the two teenage girls like to disappear and talk to their friends on their new hand palmer mobile telephone, a new devise. It attaches to a cupped human palm for easy of transport. Or the palmer can hang down from a neckline chain or wrap around a wrist bone for transportation too. Arie has prepared the belle parlor room for the two teen girls to chill and ignore the mature adults, like her three sons used to do.
Aurora enters next through the open archway and appears thinner with a head of bright blonde hair, a fresh dark suntan, wearing a designer, ankle-length, pink tinted dress. She holds her hand palm over her dry forehead and frowns then states to Arie, “That girl almost killed us, Moe!”
Moe follows his wife and wears a light blue tee shirt and a pair of walking tan colored shorts, moving ahead, cuddling Aurora, saying with a chuckle, “No, sweetie! Asa actually stopped the car this time, before hitting Arie’s garage door again. Her driving is improving greatly, since last week.” He separates from his wife and enters the beau parlor room for a cold bottle of beer. 
Aurora stands in front of her older sister, leaning over and hugs Arie, pulling back with a happy smile. She nicely greets, “Hi, Arie! Today is a wonderful day for the party. Do you need help with anything, sister dear?”
Arie smiles then states, “No. The catering food service that you recommended has done an excellent job. Everything is perfect, Aurora.”
A.J. had lived up to his promise blessing all of his new Dunlap family members with gifts of both love and opportunity. He owned one of the massive farm properties in northern Alabama which needed tender loving care. He married a country girl from Lacy Springs, and she had needed his tender loving care instead. So, A.J. asked Moe and Aurora to manage the farm, at first, and then sold the farm to them for almost nothing while offering his advice and guidance within the farming world.
A.J. and Arie would visit and assist both Moe and Aurora which has healed the family friendship between the two rival sisters.
The farm life was very profitable for both Moe and Aurora, providing all the material possessions that Aurora had wanted and dreamed about.
Her family unit has been living for eleven years in northern Alabama loving the countryside while driving down to the social family event and visiting with her parents, A.J., Arie, and her three sons once per month.
Presently, Aurora always presents a smile of happiness, when she visits her hometown of tiny Lacy Springs. Her two daughters are two wild-ass teenagers, thou. Asa is fifteen years old and trying to drive the new flying automobile. Her little sister Alina copies every move from her big sister all the time for fun sisterly annoyance.
So, life is good for Aurora. And Aurora is enjoying her life.

At 11:18 a.m., the entrance door swings open and reveals an adult male, thirty-one years old, first-born triplet Breck. He wears a smile and a pale blue tee shirt with a pair of blue jeans, holding the door open for his wife of four years, Mrs. Breck Freehurst McCory, the third.
All the family members knew that he would marry his girl Precilla right after his law school graduation.
Breck and Precilla both graduated from Birmingham A & M University School of Law and then came back and married at a big church wedding here in Lacy Springs. They built a house on the eastern edge of the McCory farm property line watching the sun rise every morning while celebrating four years of a happy blissful marriage, working out from their home as a pair of smart and smart-ass lawyers that oversee numerous family farm properties including Aurora’s which keeps the couple busy.
A petite body frame with a head of long blonde-tinted hair, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a nice tone of suntanned skin, Precilla slowly enters the entrance hallway and wears an ankle-length pink-tinted dress carrying her newborn baby daughter, who is three months old. The baby displays a crown of blonde fuss, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of peach skin wearing a long white christening gown inside her mother’s arms. She will continue as a working lawyer from home environment but will spend most of her time as a wife to Breck and a mother to Pamy.
Arie departs from the huddle of Jarvis and A.J., presenting a smile, moving ahead to her new granddaughter, her first-born son, and her familiar daughter-in-law.
A.J. and Jarvis move ahead into the belle parlor room, where tables of food and counters of cold beverages sit for consumption in a hot and heated month of August. They will start talking about old good times and new challenging adventures as a pair of old retired males now.
Breck hugs both Precilla and Arie with his love and then releases and then scoots around them moving ahead toward the beau parlor room following both A.J. and Jarvis as the ladies smile at the baby.

At 11:17 a.m., the door parts open and reveals a second adult male, thirty-one years old, baby triplet Cinco. He wears a smile and a pale blue short-sleeved shirt holding the door open his wife of four years, Mrs. Breck Freehurst McCory, the fifth.
All the family members knew that he would marry his steady elementary girlfriend Babbie right after his college graduation.
Cinco had enjoyed his time in college, graduating with a bachelor’s degree in soil management and then obtained a veterinarian degree becoming a license State of Alabama veterinarian from the Birmingham University. Babbie stayed with Cinco and earned her a doctoral degree in agriculture as he was her man. They both had fun and worked hard together towards their individual college degrees.
After passing the last college examination, Cinco and Babbie came back and then married in an old-fashion traditional wedding ceremony at the local church here in Lacy Springs, the next weekend after the marriage ceremony Breck and Cilla. They built a house on the western edge of the McCory farm property line, staring into the bright sunset every evening while celebrating four years of happy marriage also.
Now, Cinco runs the McCory cow ranch, without assistance from his mother or her overseer Horace, letting her to spend time with her new grandchildren and her married husband A.J. Babbie is a full time wife and mother taking care of her daughter Jess.
A tall, slender body frame, a head of short brown tinted hair strands, a pair of brown eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin, Babbie slowly enters the entrance hallway and wears a pink-tinted, ankle-length dress carrying her newborn baby daughter, who is three months old also. The baby displays a crown of blonde colored fuss, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of peachy skin, wearing a long white christening gown inside her mother’s arms. She stops and huddles with both Cilla and Arie.
Cinco takes turns hugging his wife Babbie and his mother Arie expressing his love and then releases them moving ahead into the beau parlor room visiting with all the males as the ladies smile at the babies.

At 11:21 a.m., the front door swings open and reveals an adult male, thirty-one years old, Middle Child triple Flamingo. He laughs and wears a pale blue short-sleeved shirt and a pair of blue jeans, holding the door open for his wife of four years Mrs. Breck Freehurst McCory, the fourth.
Every family member was completely shocked with the engagement announcement of Blanche and Flamingo.
After the marriage of A.J. and Arie, Blanche had stayed in contact with Flamingo in college. Or Flamingo stayed in connect with Blanche, depending on which person you ask.
Flamingo finished his medical school internship two years before Blanche and then he came back to live in Lacy Springs, building a house in the southern portion of the farm property line and opened his private medical practice, and also continued to date Blanche.
After completing her medical school internship and then graduating from the Birmingham A and M University School of Medicine, she moved back and married Flamingo at the local church living in his house, treating all the sick children and teens here in at the local Lacy Springs hospital as a licensed State of Alabama medical pediatrician.
Now, Flamingo has partnered with Huntsville Medical Center and has opened a new medical center here in Lacy Springs, where all babies, children, and teens can travel and then seek medical care, free of charge. He is the chief medical officer treating sick patients, guiding the new staff of medical physicians, and arguing with the hospital administrator about everything. He loves his job and loves his wife obtaining his ultimate dream as a licensed medical physician, who gives back to his community of Lacy Springs.
A tall, slender body frame, a head of long black tinted hair strands, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin, Blanche slowly enters the entrance hallway and wears a pink-tinted, ankle-length dress carrying her newborn baby daughter, who is three months old too. The baby displays a crown of blonde colored fuss, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone peach skin, wearing a long white christening gown inside her mother’s arms. She is a full-time wife and mother now but will continue to consult with Dr. Flamingo any surgery cases.
Blanche stops and huddles with Cilla, Babbie, and Arie smiling down at her baby girl Leigh.
Flamingo hugs both his wife Blanche and his mother Arie expressing his love and then releases them, moving ahead into beau parlor room, visiting with his brothers, relatives, and friends as the ladies smile at the baby.

At 11:23 a.m., a different musical song starts to play coming from A.J.’s musical selection playlist.
The musical song What Was I Thinkin’ was released on April 14, 2003, by the American country singer and songwriter Dierks Bentley. The songwriters are Dierks Bentley, Deric J. Ruttan, and Brett Beavers, who also produced the musical record. His musical songs play Country sounds.
The musical song was an up-tempo beat, in which, he recalled escaping one night with girl from South Alabama and then committed an array of foolish activities, during the night.


Becky was a beauty from South Alabama
Her daddy had a heart like a nine pound hammer
Think he even did a little time in the slammer
What was I thinking?

She snuck out one night and met me by the front gate
Her daddy came out waving that twelve gauge
We tore out the drive; he peppered my tailgate
What was I thinking?
Oh! I knew there’d be hell to pay
But that crossed my mind a little too late

Cause, I was thinking about a little white tank top
Sitting right there in the middle by me
I was thinking about a long kiss
Man, just gotta get going, where the night might lead
I know what I was feeling
But what was I thinking?
What was I thinking?

By the county line, the cops were nipping on our heels
Pulled off the road and kicked it in four-wheel
Shut off the lights and tore through a cornfield
What was I thinking?

Out the other side, she was hollering, “Faster!”
Took a dirt road, had the radio blasting
Hit the Honky-Tonk for a little close dancing
What was I thinking?
Oh! I knew there’d be hell to pay
But that crossed my mind a little too late

Cause, I was thinking about a little white tank top
Sitting right there in the middle by me
I was thinking about a long kiss
Man, just gotta get going, where the night might lead
I know, what I was feeling
But what was I thinking?

When a mountain of a man with a “Born to kill” tattoo
Tried to cut in, I knocked out his front tooth
We ran outside, hood-sliding like Bo Duke
What was I thinking?

I finally got her home at a half past two, later
Daddy’s in a lawn chair, sitting on the driveway
Put it in park as he started my way
What was I thinking?
Oh! What was I thinking?
Oh! What was I thinking?
Then she gave a “Come and get me” grin
And like a bullet, we were gone again

Cause, I was thinking about a little white tank top
Sitting right there in the middle by me
I was thinking about a long kiss
Man, just gotta get going, where the night might lead
I know, what I was feeling
Yeah! I know, what I was feeling
But what was I thinking?
What was I thinking?

I know, what I was feeling
What was I thinking?
Guess, I was thinking about that tank top
Those cutoffs


The double door parts and then reveals Brett. He smiles and enters the entrance room wearing pale blue shirt and a pair of blue jeans, holding the door for his wife of thirteen years Fannie. Fannie wears an ankle-length dress in pale pink and a smile. Their two elementary children quickly dash inside and then enter the beau parlor room, where the numerous food tables stand. Each child wears a matching outfit like mom or dad.
Brett and Fannie stop and huddle with Cilla, Babbie, Blanche and Arie smiling down at each newborn baby, whispering their introductions.
Brett spins around from the huddle and then moves ahead carrying the three christening gifts into the belle parlor room, speaking to the two spoiled brats of Aurora. Then he scoots around the huddle of babies again and enters the beau parlor room talking with his childhood friends Breck, Cinco, and Flamingo about old times and new farming equipment.
Brett and Fannie had married a few days, after their high school graduation. They are celebrating thirteen years of blissful marriage. He had fallen in love with his girl Fannie in the third grade and had planned to inherit all the farm property from his father, after his high school graduation.
Now, he is a full-time crop farmer and watches over his elderly parents and Fannie is a full-time wife and mother volunteering at the Lacy Springs Elementary School, watching over her two children.
Inside the entrance hallway, Fannie does not touch but smiles down at each precious babe. “Bless each child, dear Lord! I am so happy for each one of ya’ll.”
Babbie smiles, “I’ll be happier, when baby Jess is sleeping through the night,” she yawns without covering her open lips from body exhaustion. Fannie spins around with a smile and moves ahead into the beau parlor room greeting her old friends again.

At 11:25 a.m., the front door swings open and reveals an adult woman, thirty-one years old, high school friend Violet. She enters the entrance hallway and wears a short, pink colored dress, holding the door open for her husband of twelve years. He is thirty-one years old, high school classmate Yancy. Yancy smiles and wears a pale blue shirt and a pair of blue jeans.
They slowly move ahead and then stop whispering a greeting to the huddle of new moms and their precious baby girls. Their two children are too young at the ages of three and four years old to attend a christening party. Her elderly parents are watching over their young grandchildren with love.


§


Thirteen years ago, Violet had attended Burn U and twirled the baton as a majorette in the marching band as a first year freshman student, but she was not happy with the college life living away from both her parents and her hometown. So, she quit college in the month of January at the age of nineteen years and then returned back home working with her father at the family-owned cotton gin, living her true destiny.
Yancy had attended the local Huntsville Junior Community College here in Lacy Springs, but he was unhappy and didn’t enjoy taking the difficult academic examinations. So, he quit college in the month of May at the age of nineteen years old and returned back home living at the house and working with his parents on their farm.
His two older brothers inherited the rights of massive farm property and the money profits, when their father finally passed into the heavenly realm. So, Yancy was encouraged to receive a college education providing a living for his person, which had not worked out.
One day, Yancy was ordered to drive the old farm pickup truck to the farm equipment store to retrieve a new machine part for the old farm tractor seeing the minor road incident, without bodily injuries to people or animals.
A large pickup truck had been hauling two trailers of raw cotton bolls, when the rear tire on the second trailer slid off the smooth pavement and then landed down into the muddy soil on the side of the road and it was stuck.
Yancy stopped behind the rear bumper on the second trailer of cotton bolls and slid out from the farm truck moving ahead towards the sunken tire, examining the problem. He slowly strolled ahead and heard the soft crying inside the truck cab.
The driver’s seat contained his former high school classmate Violet. She was ordered, by her father, to move the two trailers of cotton bolls down to the storage field, which was a few miles from the cotton gin. The morning weather produced a heavy rain shower. When she slowly hauled the two trailers down the wet road, she accidently jerked the wheel the wrong way causing the second trailer to shift in the wrong direction. Then the rear wheel hit the deep mud puddle and became stuck.
Violet couldn’t move and didn’t know how to un-stuck the sunken tire. She was upset and couldn’t call her father as he was really busy with the cotton gin work and worker. So, she sat on the side of the road while crying with her delicate situation.
Yancy stopped and stood in the muddy soil looking up with a smile and saw Violet inside the cab of the truck, “Hey, girl! Do you need help with the tire?”
She turned and wiped her tears seeing Yancy, sniffing up the snot back into her nostrils, “Yeah! Hey, Yancy! I can’t get the unstuck tire out from the mud.”
He jumped up onto the trunk lift and leaned into her sad face. “Why are you crying, Violet? You’re too pretty to cry. It turns your pair of violet eyeballs into dark blue. I like your violet eyeballs to twinkle and dance.”
She smiled. “Do you really?”
He winked. “Yeah, I really do.”
She exhaled. “Well, I do need help. I can’t get the cotton trailer outta of the mud. I don’t know how to do it.”
He chuckled. “That’s easy, darling. It’s called leverage and then friction. I got a piece of lumber wood in the rear bed of my farm truck. I’ll dig a small hole in the wet mud puddle and place the lumber wood behind the stuck tire. When I call out, you jerk the gear into drive and then stomp the gasoline pedal slowly steering ahead forward back onto the flat roadway. Then the big engine on this big ass trunk will pull that stuck tire right outta of mud.”
She sniffed the wet snot back into her nostrils and nodded with a bright smile, “Really! I can do that.”
“Really! And I know you can do that, honey. Wait for my yell first, sweetheart!” He jumped down into the muddy soil and then returned back to the rear end of truck quickly working to prep the hole and the wood plank. He back stepped from the sunken tire into more of muddy soil and then lifted his arm in the air watching the tire, yelling out loud. “Go, Violet!”
She leaned down and jerked the gear into drive position stomping the gasoline pedal while feeling slightly worried. The big engine on the truck roared with loud power and as the second trailer carriage loudly squeaked in metal pain, without damage. The big engine on the powerful truck slowly jolted ahead onto the smooth pavement and as the rear trailer tire loudly popped out from the muddy soil spitting tiny red droplets in the air. The wooden plank broke in half coming from the violent impact. The big truck slowly moved ahead several feet until the all the trailer tires were clearly back onto the smooth pavement.
Violet carefully stopped the truck and giggled with a smile shoving the gear into the park position, killing the engine and exhaled with a big sigh of relief. She jumped out from the cab and raced back to see Yancy.
Yancy scooted away from the muddy soil and stood in front the grill on his farm truck while examining the rear trailer, not seeing any damage. He nodded at his good work for the nice girl.
She dashed ahead from the truck cab and then collided into his upright body, kissing his face for a few seconds, pulling back with a shy smile and then back stepped with her red face of embarrassment. “Thank you! Thank you! You save the stressed damsel.”
He chuckled with a wink. “I like saving a shy damsel.”
She looked up and smiled at Yancy. “Can I ask you to drive the big truck down to the storage field, for me?”
He smiled. “Well, shore, honey! I’d be honored to do that. Let’s attach my front block to the rear end trailer feed. Then I can haul all four pieces of machines down the road with ease.”
She smiled. “Can you really do that, Yancy, sweetheart?”
He winked at her. “I can do anything you want, Violet.”
“That sounds so nice, Yancy,” she winked back at him.
“Go and get back into the cab of the truck, while I do this. I don’t want you to get hurt or anything.” He shuffled around the truck and started pulling out the chains for the hauling process.
She gasped with shock and smiled at his heroic deeds. “O! That’s so nice. You’re a nice man, Yancy. I will get back into the truck cab.” Violet slowly back stepped but watched Yancy and his muscle work the heavy chains softly giggling with a grin. She entered the cab waiting for Yancy.
He arranged the hook-up on the truck swiftly dashing back to Violet, climbing up into the driver’s seat. He started the engine listening to the loud roar on the powerful truck. “This truck payload can pull the weight of a male bull elephant, who lives in the continent of Africa and weighs 14,000 pounds. Each American truck is big and powerful, like me, darling.”
She scooted closer to Yancy slamming into his body smiling into his cheekbone. “I like your story. Please, tell me more, Yancy.”
He smiled and slowly steered the big truck down the smooth roadway hauling two trailers and his farm truck safely ahead towards the storage field narrating the story to Violet.
After that moment, Yancy became a part of Violet’s life working at the cotton gin, eating meals with her and her family members. After one month of fun dating, they had fallen in love and decided to get married in a small private wedding ceremony at the local church including all their family members. They built a house on her father’s land property and worked together in her father’s cotton gin business.
When her parents retired from the family business, the cotton gin business was given to both Yancy and Violet.

Present day in Lacy Springs, Yancy manages the cotton gin and the cotton gin workers. Violet works in the gin office and handles the paperwork. They work nicely as a married and respected couple. They have two young children. One child is one-year-old, a boy. The other child is a little girl, who is two years old.
During the cotton ginning season, the children are cared with love by her parents at their home. But during the off season, Yancy is the full-time father and the housekeeper of the residence while Violet works the details of the cotton gin business with her vast experience updating the gin equipment and maintaining the gin facility.

At 11:28 p.m., Yancy and Violet parts from the huddle of three new moms and new babies moving into the belle parlor room, dropping off the three christening presents, saying hello to the two bratty kids of Aurora. They exit the room and then shuffled ahead into the beau parlor room with the food tables and their childhood friends, socializing about old and new times around high school and the community. Breck is the business lawyer for Violet’s cotton gin legal matters.

At 11:31 a.m., the entrance door swings open and reveals an adult male, thirty-one-year old, high school friend Doyle. He enters the entrance room alone and wears a pale blue shirt and a pair of blue jeans moving ahead and then stops. He huddles with the three newborn babies, whispering his blessing to each babe and greeting to each lady. He back steps and spins around, entering the belle parlor room, speaking to the two bratty teenagers that come from Aurora, leaving a christening gift for each newborn babe. He scoots from the belle parlor room and enters the beau parlor room with the gathering of males talking about the old football plays and new football plays.
Doyle had attended the Huntsville Junior Community College with his childhood friend Yancy and played college sports. He transferred to Birmingham University and then played college sports with his high school friends Cinco and Breck and then graduated with a Master’s college degree in Sports Administration. He returned home and accepted a low-paying assistant coaching job at Lacy Springs High School.
Now, he is the head coach for the Lacy Springs High School football team, Home of the Pigeons. Last year, the LSHS football team made it to the last round in the Alabama High School Football Championship game playoffs and then lost their final game. But the new school year starts in month of August, Doyle is prepping a new football team filled with eager, smart, and ambitious high school football players for a champion win this year.
He is still an available bachelor and dates numerous pretty single females. One day, he will settle down, but not yet. He still enjoys running around all his childhood friends, running a dirt bike through a flat forest trail or fishing in his farm pond.

At 11:33 a.m., the front door opens and reveals a tall, plump, dark-skinned adult woman, thirty one years, former childhood friend Retta Jean. She enters the entrance room and presents a smile strolling besides a large mature dog, wearing pink-tinted, ankle-length, maternity dress, moving ahead and then stops. She huddles with three new moms and their newborn babies. The mature dog stops and heels at her boots sniffing the new odors, scanning the familiar environment.
Retta Jean graduated from the Birmingham A and M University School of Veterinary Medicine along with Cinco. Her college education had been monetarily funded by Arie. And Arie had kept her promise to Retta Jean and her husband A.J.
Arie funded and opened a private veterinary animal practice and then employed a newly graduated Retta Jean plus an experienced, older veterinary physician, who taught Retta Jean, the business. Retta Jean was blessed with a God-given gift of animal healing. Every animal mysterious loved Retta Jean and then thrived into a healthy state under her doctoring care. The first veterinary practice was so successful that Retta Jean purchased the business from Arie.
Then Arie purchased all the existing veterinary practices and created a team of talented veterinarians who ruled the city limits and roamed along the vast countryside, taking care of every domestic and farm animal, throughout Morgan County. Then Arie gave the entire veterinary business enterprise to Retta Jean as a gift for free.
Retta Jean turned around and employed all of her extended family members, who enjoyed working and caring for every type of mammal, reptile and insect.
Arie also provided plots of her vast farm property to Horace and all his family clan, where currently rows of residential houses were filled with happy children and devoted spouses plus numerous red-colored barns with any sick and healthy animals to live and thrive there.
Retta Jean married one of the talented veterinarians, three years ago, living next door to her parents.
Now, Retta Jean is six months pregnant with her first child but continues to work as a devoted and loving animal veterinary. She is expanding her fleet of veterinary clinics into the city limits of Huntsville and beyond while working her goal to save each abused and abandoned animal from a nasty human.
Cilla is the business lawyer for Retta Jean and feels the same damn emotion. She is working with a group of state and local governmental Congress persons to create and implement an Alabama law that prosecutes, fines, and jails a human that abuses an animal. If the law passes, she will become the first licensed State of Alabama lawyer to prosecute the asshole or the assholette for harming a dog or a cat or a horse or a snake or a chicken.

At 11:34 a.m., Babbie looks down at the heeling dog saying with a smile “Hey, Padarn! What are you doing in here with the humans?”
Cilla smiles down at the sitting dog too and gently rocks her daughter in her arms, “Why does your sweet chocolate colored boxer dog breed Padarn follow you around, Retta Jean?”
Retta Jean reaches down with a smile and rubs the hairy skull on her dog. “She can sense that I’m pregnant with a growing fetus. She was found abandoned, hungry, skinny, and pregnant and then brought to me. I adopted and cared for her. She birthed a set of healthy puppies and then I found each one a good home. Then I fixed her. But she still carries around that motherly instinct inside her guts and her doggie emotions. She actually sensed that I was pregnant, before I visited with my medical physician. She would trot ahead of me and then stop barking at each animal and every person, like she was warning them to stay away from me as she was mine and the baby’s protector.”
Babbie smiles, “Yancy adopted one of her cute puppies. That mature dog is smart and overprotective. He’s a good playmate with their children and loves every kid. I’m not surprised that she acts like that with you, too, Retta Jean.”
Retta Jean nods with a smile to Babbie. “Well, thanks for clarifying that, Babbie. I need to study her doggie behavior patterns and note them down in her medical chart too.”
Blanche nods. “Where is Gavin?”
“He received any emergency call on the outskirts of Lacy Springs. Someone tied up a horse and left the mammal baking in the heated sun. So, he took his shotgun and the sheriff with him to find that person and either beat the shit outta of his ass or let the sheriff do it,” Retta Jean laughs with the other ladies.
Cilla nods. “Good for him!”
“Did I hear my name?” The formal and retired county sheriff of Lacy Springs, fifty-one years old Tommy Lee asks and enters the open archway at 11:35 a.m., wearing a pale blue tee shirt and a pair of old faded blue jeans, holding the door open for his wife. His wife wears an ankle-length, pink-tinted dress. They both move ahead and then stops at the huddle of three moms and their newborn baby girls staring down at his granddaughter. She wears a head of blonde fuzz of hair and a pair of pretty blue eyes like her father Flamingo.
Inside the huddle, forty-nine years old, first time grandmother Arie laughs with a smile. “You are not the sheriff, anymore, of Lacy Springs, Tommy Lee.”
He looks up and snaps his fingers saying with a grin to Arie. “Shucks! I thought they had re-elected me back to my old post. My name was on the election ballot for the sheriff of Lacy Springs, this year.”
Tommy Lee had served as the sheriff for the Lacy Springs town-ship for twenty years. He recently retired a year ago, after he learned of his unborn grandchild. Now, he spends all his time with his daughter and his new grandchild while securing their house from any bad guy as an overprotective police officer in heart, mind, and soul.
Inside the huddle, Tommy Lee’s daughter, twenty-nine years old Blanche laughs. “I voted for you, Daddy. But I’m glad you lost, so you can help me take care of baby Leigh.”
“Me, too, honey!” He leans down and buzzes his lips at his granddaughter. “Hey, pumpkin! Are you still keeping your mama up at night?”
Blanche yawns with a soft timber, “Yes.”
The wife of Tommy Lee stills works as a part-time nurse at the local hospital and smiles at her daughter. “This should pass…”
“When will it pass, Mama?” Blanche yawns.
She smiles. “Another two or three weeks, the baby is growing and needs both milk and sleep like a little newborn kitten.”
“We’re going to make the rounds and visit the other clan members and eat some food. We’ll be back, ya’ll,” Tommy Lee states and cuddles his wife as they back step from the huddle of ladies and babies, spinning around, moving inside a crowded beau parlor room.

At 11:38 am, a different musical song plays inside the hallway.
The musical song entitled Country is Country Wide was released September 18, 2010, coming from the studio album named Halfway to Heaven, by the American musical country artist Brantley Gilbert. The song was written by Colt Ford, Mike Dekle, and Brantley Gilbert. The musical song was produced by Frank Rogers.


I grew up south of the Mason Dixon
Working, spitting, hunting and fishing
Stone cold country by the grace of God

I was gassing up the other day
And an old boy pulled up with a license plate
From Ohio, I thought. O good Lord, he’s lost
From his wranglers to his boots
He reminded me of Chris LeDoux
And that Copenhagen smile
Country must be country wide

In every state, there’s a station
Playing Cash, Hank, Willie, and Waylon
In foreign cars and four wheel drives

There’s cowboys and hillbillies
From farm towns to big cities
There ain’t no doubt in my mind
Country must be country wide

It ain’t where, it’s how you live
We weren’t raised to take
We were raised to give
The shirt off our back
To anyone in need

We bow our heads, before we eat
Before, we start our day
Before, we fall asleep
Cause, in God, we trust, and we believe

And we see what’s wrong
And we know, what’s right
And old Hank, he said, it all
When he said, country folks can survive

In every state, there’s a station
Playing Cash, Hank, Willie, and Waylon
In foreign cars and four wheel drives

There’s cowboys and hillbillies
From farm towns to big cities
There ain’t no doubt in my mind
Country must be country wide
Yeah! Get on it, dog!

In every state, there’s a station.
Come on, ya’ll! Better crank this up

In every state, there’s a station
Playing Cash, Hank, Willie, and Waylon
In foreign cars and four-wheel drives

There’s cowboys and hillbillies
From farm towns to big cities
There ain’t no doubt in my mind
There ain’t no doubt in my mind
Country must be country wide


The double front door parts again and then reveals a tall, muscular, dark-skinned, bald-headed adult man, thirty one years old, former classmate Acton. He moves ahead with a smile and wears a pale blue short-sleeve shirt and a pair of faded blue jeans. He stops and stands in the huddle staring down at each baby saying with a smile, “Awe! Three little ones! God bless each one.”
“Hey, Acton!” Babbie nods and says.
“Hi, Action!” Blanche greets then grins.
“Hello, Acton!” Precilla states and then smiles.
Arie nods with a smile then asks. “Are you staying in town, tonight, Acton?”
He looks up and nods to each face greeting, “Hello, everyone! I have my mama with me. I brought and then her left there at one of my new restaurants. She has created a new recipe dish with hot spices and beef tips. She was showing the chef had to prepare the dish at my new restaurant. We’re staying the one night here and then heading back home to Mobile tomorrow. I actually have a business meeting with Breck tomorrow morning. I’ve been talking with him for months and then he finally admits that he’s a first time father.”
Precilla says, “Breck, he’s so overprotective over our baby. He didn’t tell anyone about the baby. She is three months old. He meets with each client in town. He purchased an old building three months ago and now he sees each one of our clients there instead at the home office in our house. He refuses to let anyone inside our house. Do you have the street address for his new office, Acton?”
“Yes, I do. I was very curious about the new location and did a drive-by. I was wondering if my lawyer was doing a bad job of lawyering, when I saw the dumpy building,” he says then laughs.
“Don’t worry!” Blanche comments then chuckles. “A.J. missed an old building or two during his renovation phase here in Lacy Springs. He went around and brought up lots of used and abandoned real estate properties and renovated each building giving the new land property to his new and old friends. However, Breck ran across that old building for cheap, cheap and then purchased it for cheap, cheap. Now, he’s going to make A.J. pay for the paint and floors and walls and then keep it for his new lawyer office.”
“How is your chain of sports restaurants doing, Acton?” Babbie rocks the baby and wears a smile.


§


Thirteen years ago, Acton Marburg had not graduated from Birmingham University with a college degree electing to play professional football. He was accepted into Burn U without a sporting scholarship becoming the star defensive tackle on the college football team.
During the regular season of his senior year at Lacy Springs High School, the football team won the Alabama High School Football Championship title for their sports division placing the spotlight on the school and each football player.
All the prominent universities throughout the USA mailed an individual invitation to Acton and then offered a slick sporting college scholarship to join their football team program.
However, A.J. intervened or interfered for Acton.
A.J. convinced an eighteen-year-old Acton not to accept a sports college scholarship to Burn U. Instead Bibb paid all the college expenses from his personal bank account for Acton to attend the university. A.J. also advised Acton to show up and become a walk-on for the Burn U football team. He had confidence that the head coach at Burn U would accept Action as a football player, which happened.
Then, A.J. financed all the college expenses for Acton, not the university administration. So, Bibb provided to Acton, freely and without obligation, a new sports car, an apartment house at the same complex with the triplet brothers, medical and dental health insurance, foodstuffs, new clothes, new furniture items and extra spending cash money as his pseudo-son. If Acton had accepted the sports college scholarship, then A.J. could not have freely purchased and then given for free to Acton all the material items as it would have been an ethics violation with the college sports policies or some other a horse crap U.S. Federal Government regulation.
Currently, A.J. has an issue with the college athletic programs throughout the USA. He believes every teenage college athletic should be paid a salary of cash monies completing each sports season. Then the competition of each football player will greatly become competitive and fair for each talented teenage to attend any university campus for sports and receive a free post-secondary education.
Right now, every university offers a limited number of sports college scholarships to attend the free academic courses and eventually graduate with a college degree for a working job, which is based on a horse shit rule from the U.S. Federal Government also.
A.J., personally, believes the fucking-ass U.S. Federal Government should keep out of each college institution, bank institution, sporting games, church pews, hospital rooms, and his personal bank account. He does not mind funneling his billions into his numerous privately owned and managed charity foundations that fucks with the US Federal Government’s tax structure and income regulations while A.J. helps the average working man and woman and child. That’s why he will continue to create and own numerous private charity foundations, until he dies or runs out of billions of dollars.
So, the university receives a limited number of talented teen college athletics with the limited number of sports college scholarships. However, if there is a talented teen athletic out there that does not possess good grades or does not play at bigger high school, then the teen will lose his or her chance for a free ride into college.
Granted, a set of college academics is not for every American. But every American should have the opportunity to try college, whether rich or poor or smart or stupid.
If the talented teen college athlete receives a sports college scholarship attending college for a set of free academic courses, then the teen is anchored with a doggie-type choke collar on their naked throat to a heavy metal chair, figuratively on the front step of that college institution. The teen athletic must attend all academic classes plus all the sports practices plus each sports game, thus the teen college athlete has been bonded by chains to the athletic program.
If the teen athletic does not perform well in the academic class, then the teen athlete is subject to reprimand or dismissal from the sports program. That’s not fair!
If the university recruits for a teen athletic, then the university receives a teen athlete to win the sporting game. That is fair!
However, if the teen athletic happens to receive more than the free apartment, the free plate of food, the free college books, and the free college classes, then the teen athlete is happy and performs better in the sports game. That’s not necessarily correct!
However, there are numerous wealthy university alumni persons that wanna give to each teen athlete to help him or her perform better in each sports game. That is true and that happens, sometimes, which is logical.
A.J. does not believe in awarding one college teen athlete over another talented athlete while creating an unfair and improper academic or business practice. Each college teen athlete should be rewarded the same way, such like, a car, a bank account, clothes, electronic gadgets, and other fun expensive items. However, the current non-policy or non-program does not work like that.
Instead, a college teen athlete is secretly given an award of something other than books and food, which is different for each teen athletic and illegal as hell and it is does not necessarily improve their playing performance on the sports field in the sporting game.
When the National College “asshole” Association smells the blowing farts hitting their snobby faces, the college institution is investigated and then kicked in the ass while losing lots of stuff, including monies, athletics, scholarships, titles, and staff members. That is illogical. The asshole Association is kicking dirt into the face on each talented teen college athlete which will impede their greatness, within the sporting world.
Therefore, A.J. supports paying a teen college athlete a college salary for their hard work and young body.
A head coach of a popular football program is like an 1860 plantation owner that owns thousands of acres of cotton fields and thousands of working slaves, who do not have freedom to mouth spit or piss on the pretty flowers.
A college athletic is like a plantation slave, who is bound to his modern-day plantation owner that rules the football field using an iron fist and a leather whip. When one of the teen college athletes becomes hurt, during the dangerous active football play, the teen is pumped up with dangerous and addictive pain medications to play one more time, and then win that football game.
A.J. has never had the pain or pleasure meeting the head coach at Burn U or Bam U and hopes not to ever either, he will mouth spit a tongue of his sour salvia in the face on each coach for treating and tromping down on each talented teenage. A teenager is a person, who is eighteen or nineteen years old, without any long-term life experience, adult knowledge, and proper table manners, sometimes.


§


Twelve years ago, after his biological father passed away from the Earth plane into the heavenly realm, his only child A.J. inherited a vast amount of farm property. He converted the ancient mansion into a training center.
He does not accept any pot of monies from the U.S. Federal Government grants or loan programs or another individual business company, because the entity wants to stick their nose up his ass asking tons of questions.
He receives and retrains each young college athlete that can’t find a working job or has not received a college education or continues to eat pills from a bottle of prescribed medications for a bodily injury during an active sporting game event. A.J. provides shelter, food, clothes, education, friends, and hope.
Each trainee is not obligated to pay any money back or come back to the center for any reason. However, some of the successful trainees come back and teach and encourage a new flock of lost sheep.
A.J. does not understand why the greatest nation in the world tosses away resources, such as, an injured teen or an elderly smart mind or a difficult personality. Every person needs a hand to survive the life here on the planet. Every person needs to provide a hand and be part of the race, which is called human, for humanity.
Now, some of the new trainees flunk out of the rehabilitation program, of course. However, the majority percentage of the trainee students graduate and then accept a new paying job making a nice living for their person.


§


Thirteen years ago, back then, AJ had taken a big risk advising an eighteen-year-old Acton against that free ride into the college environment. But, in the short run, it all paid off.
Acton attended Burn U and enjoyed the free benefits from A.J. as well as becoming the superstar defensive tackle for the Burn U football team. During his three years, Burn U won the University Football Championship title, every year.
When Acton became a senior student at Burn U, he was eligible to enter the Professional Football League. Again, every professional football team sent out an individual invite to Acton.
A.J. intervened again and became Acton’s personal representative. Well, Bibb hired a professional lawyer to assist in that legal matter. A.J. advised a young, twenty-year-old man regarding his future, where Acton didn’t have the life experience or the money knowledge to plan his own future.
Acton was drafted and worked for one of the professional football leagues and received millions of dollars. However, A.J. interfered again and advised a young Acton how to manage his millions of dollars. With the advice from Bibb, Acton purchased a nice piece of real estate property and moved his mama from Alabama living in the new city with her son. During the short years as an aging football player, Acton continued to discuss with A.J. money matters and investing in his long-term future of business and retirement.
At the age of twenty-eight years old, Acton received a terrible leg injury during an active football game and was benched for the rest of the football season, without any playing time and eventually cut from his professional football team.
A.J. intervened and advised Acton to come back to his home to Alabama and open a sports restaurant while playing on Acton’s famous popularity as an outstanding professional football player. Bibb was the secret, silence partner, where Acton was the smiling face and the glowing personality of Alabama.
However, the sports restaurant was a business failure. A.J. planned to close the establishment and pay off the money debts. Acton was greatly disappointed planning to go back to college and complete his college degree and then find a working job for his future retirement as an old man in his 70s.
Then Acton’s mother went into the kitchen setting, fired the chef, and started cooking her own homemade southern meals and an assortment of fresh baked pies. The restaurant slowly grown in popularity with the citizens of Alabama and made a nice money profit by the end of the second year.
Based on the menu of home cooked meals, A.J. opened a second sports restaurant which became a raving success too. By the third year, Acton owned ten sports restaurants and then created a chain store throughout the great State of Alabama. However, his mama always insisted upon educating each chef inside each new restaurant, which was the secret success factor.
Now, Acton is a multi-millionaire and still devotes his time to each sports restaurant providing sound business advice coming from his wise mentor A.J. and his wiser lawyer Breck. He has not found that special girl for a marriage proposal, but he’s dating a steady girl, who might be the right one.


§


At 11:38 am, inside the entrance hallway, Acton continues to stand inside the huddle of three new mothers and their newborn baby staring down with a smile at each cute girl, “Very well! I’m very pleased. I can tell you a little secret. I have a major company that wants to purchase my chain of stores and turn each one into a franchise. The company still wants me to hang around for the image thing and all. But I might be saying, yes, if my lawyer agrees.”
“That’s wonderful news, Acton! You’ll become a billionaire, soonest.” Blanche says then smiles rocking her baby.
“Naw!” He states and flips his hand in the air and then slaps his chest, “I’m not interested in becoming richer. I’ve been very blessed by the best, Almighty God and his son Brother Jesus, the Holy Spirit and all my heavenly angels with my mama, all my numerous earthly possessions and my good health. I’m both happy and jealous. Now, I wanna start a family, like ya’ll have done. I realize money is an object, a family is your life.”
“Well said, my friend!” Precilla states.
He expresses. “I wish everyone good health and joyful happiness. I’m going to run into the parlor room and say hello to the gang. See ya’ll later!” Acton back steps from the huddle of new moms and babies spinning around with a smile, moving into the beau parlor room.

At 11:41 am, one of the doors parts open again. A short, plump young adult female enters the entrance room and wears a pair of white-tinted walking shorts, a red-colored tee shirt, carrying a black colored bag of equipment. “Hello! I’m the photographer. I was called to here and snap a series of pictures for the McCory newborn babies.”
Arie back steps from the huddle of new moms and moves ahead towards the photographer, waving both of her hands, pointing at the side wall in yellow paint. “Yes! Yes! Yes! Please, come inside. I’m Arie. This is my husband A.J. We have a living room arrangement here on the side wall of windows that overlooks the yard. You can setup your camera equipment here and take your time. We’re not in any hurry.”
The photographer follows behind Arie to the side and then stops setting up her camera equipment facing the wall of windows and lovely manicured lawn of pods of flowers and groves of trees. A long white-colored sofa stands in the middle of the windows without people. Behind the long sofa, a wall of glass displays the portions of the lawn and the beautiful blue skyline.

At 11:43 am, A.J. and Arie spin around and cuddle each other, like a pair of young lovers, after thirteen years of a happy, fun-filled marriage, entering the beau parlor room and then stop. A.J. leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Breck, who still is the leader of his two brothers and McCory family clan as A.J. and Arie are the pair of silent watchers.
Breck swallows the food and wipes his mouth like a proper southern gentleman, placing the plate of food back on top of the side table, tossing both of his arms in the air. He shouts out loud for each pair of eardrums to hear. “Welcome everyone to the McCory cow ranch and official christening party for the newest, tiniest members of the McCory clan!” He drops both of his arms and slaps his trousers, saying with a smile. “Now, everyone, wipe your mouth and your nose holes, put on some colorful lipstick and brush down your curly hair locks, Flamingo.” He laughs with the others. “Mama and A.J. have hired a professional photographer for our precious official event which occurs only once per lifetime.”
Brett laughs out loud. “No other children, Breck!”
Breck smiles, “Mama is starting off with a gigantic group photograph of all the family members and all our friends, who like me,” he laughs with the others. 
“That’s a tiny digital photograph, ya’ll.” Yancy laughs with the others.
Breck laughs. “We are gathering inside the entrance hallway for the photograph scenery. If you didn’t notice the living room arrangement before, then you will now. Mama wants the parents and the babies sitting on the long sofa in proper birth order, Cinco.” He laughs again and then clears his throat, “Behind the new set of triplet parents, a line of grandparents. On each side of the grandparents, there is a row of smaller whit tinted loveseats for the great-grandparents. Then, everyone else can huddle around each great-grandparent or sit on the floor or lean onto the furniture arm rest but not onto a great-grandparent, thou. They’re too old and cranky,” he laughs with the others.
“I heard that, boy!” Jarvis frowns then laughs with the others.
“His eardrums just got cleaned out from the morning’s dark-colored wet earwax, ya’ll.” Flamingo laughs at the ancient joke with the others. Thirteen years ago, Flamingo won his legal court trial, when his smart-ass triplet brother Breck had proven medically that Flamingo possessed wet, yellow-tinted, sticky earwax, not dry flaky, light-colored earwax.
Breck thumbs back over his collar bone. “Those are the instructions. Any there any more questions?”
Retta Jean reaches down and pats the furry skull on her dog. “Can Padarn sit in the family photograph, Arie?”
Arie nods with a smile, “Most definitely, Padarn! Humans and animals have been part of the McCory clan for centuries.”
Breck spins around and says with a smile. “Everyone, follow me!” He leads the group and exits the parlor room moving ahead towards his wife Cilla, and then stops, gently kissing her face. He cuddles and leads her and his baby daughter Pamy ahead towards the sofa sitting down next to the arm rest as the first-born triplet son of Arie and step-father A.J.
The rest of the family members and family friends obey the instructions and gather inside the entrance hallway.
The photograph scene includes on the top of center sofa, on the left side, starting with Breck, Cilla, and their baby Pamy; Flamingo, Blanche, and their baby Leigh, and Cinco, Babbie, and their baby Jess.
Behind the row of new parents, Cilla’s parents stand behind the rear skull on their daughter. Arie and A.J. stand together with Tommy Lee and his wife covering the bone skulls of Flamingo and Blanche. Babbie’s parents stand behind the rear skull of their daughter.
On each side of the long sofa, a set of smaller loveseats in white hue stands diagonally. Reese and Jarvis sit together, celebrating sixty years of blissful marriage. On the opposite side, inside a second loveseat, Pamy’s great-grandmother and Jess’s great-grandmother are seated together. A set of great-grandparents is a rare set of family members as some of the people do not live to an advanced age.
On each side of a loveseat, two long-sitting chair stands in white hue. Aurora and Moe cuddle together and present a bright smile inside one of the extra-large sitting chairs as a loving couple. Cilla’s brother Toby sits on the opposite in a sitting chair and wears a pale blue tee shirt and a pair of walking shorts frowning with boredom of the silly photo event. Asa and Alina cuddle together in a single sitting chair beside Toby, smiling at the camera setup.
Around the back spine on each loveseat and sitting chair, friends of the McCory clan, including Brett and Fannie and their two children, Doyle and Acton stand behind the rear skull on each great-grandparent, Aurora, and Moe. On the opposite side, Yancy and Violet along with Retta Jean stand behind the rear skulls on Asa, Alina, and Toby. They smile at the camera lens. Padarn sits beside her mistress Retta Jean and wears a pink tinted bandana staring at the curious person and the camera lenses.
The female photograph sits beside the camera equipment and holds a remote control device that triggers the lens for the perfect shot of the family portrait. She and the other individual hears the softly musical words and notes from the perfect musical song for folks living and praying within the great State of Alabama.
The musical song Sweet Home Alabama was released on the studio album named Second Helping, on June 24, 1974, by the American musical rock and roll band named Lynyrd Skynyrd. The musical song was written by Ronnie Van Zant; Edward C. King and Gary Robert Rossington. The song was produced by Al Kooper.
The musical band played Country Rock, Southern Rock, and Blues Rock sounds. The musical band members included Ronnie Van Zant (lead vocals); Ed King (backing vocals, lead guitars); Bob Burns (drums & percussion), Leon Wilkeson (backing vocals, bass guitar); Billy Powell (piano): Allen Collins (rhythm guitar) and Gary Rossington (rhythm guitar; acoustic guitar). 
The musical song was written in response the musical tone entitled Southern Man by musical artist Neil Young.
Three of the songwriters were not from the U.S. State of Alabama. Ronnie Van Zant and Gary Rossington were birthed in the city of Jacksonville within the U.S. State of Florida. Ed King was born in the city of Glendale, within the U.S. State of California.


One, two, three
Turn it up

Big wheels keep on turning
Carry me home to see my kin
Singing songs about the South Land
I miss Alabamay once again and I think it’s a sin, yes

Well, I heard Mister Young sing about her
Well, I heard old Neil put her down
Well, I hope Neil Young will remember
A Southern Man don’t need him around anyhow

Sweet home Alabama
Where the skies are so blue
Sweet home Alabama
Lord, I’m coming home to you

In Birmingham, they love the governor (Boo-hoo-hoo)
Now, we all did, what we could do
Now, Watergate does not bother me
Does your conscience bother you?
Tell the truth

Sweet home Alabama
Where the skies are so blue
Sweet home Alabama (O yeah!)
Lord, I’m coming home to you
Here, I come, Alabama

Now, Muscle Shoals has got the Swampers
And they’ve been known to pick a song or two (Yes, they do)
Lord, they get me off so much
They pick me up, when I’m feeling blue
Now, how about you?

Sweet home Alabama
Where the skies are so blue
Sweet home Alabama
Lord, I’m coming home to you

Sweet home Alabama (Oh! Sweet home)
Where the skies are so blue
And the governor’s true
Sweet home Alabama (Lordy)
Lord, I’m coming home to you, yeah, yeah
Montgomery has got the answer


At 11:51 a.m., the front door swings open and reveals a tall, muscular adult male, with a head of long, black-tinted, shoulder-length hair, a tone of dark skin, and a pair of green eyeballs. The husband of Retta Jean, Gavin smiles and enters the entrance hallway wiping away a set of dried blood proteins off from his happy face, wearing an array of smeared blood stains on his pale blue tee shirt paired with a pair of dirty blue jeans. He moves ahead beside a tan and black male German Shepherd that is slightly covered in spilled red blood proteins also. He stops with his dog and stands beside the female photographer smiling at the group, holding his unloaded shotgun over his collar bone. The female photographer turns and gasps in silence at Garvin.
Babbie frowns, “Mercy! Gavin, what happened to your face and your clothes?”
“Did you kill the bastard that mistreated and harmed that horse, honey?” Retta Jean nods with a smile.
Garvin smiles and shakes his bone skull, “Hell, naw! I didn’t get to kill the bastard. The sheriff won’t like me, so I beat the shit of his ass instead. The horse owner is booked in one of Lacy Springs’ jail cells for animal neglect and abuse. Cilla, you and Retta Jean need to contact the judge right after this event and not allow him to bail out and run away from me or the law.”
Cilla nods with a stern face. “Don’t worry, Garvin! I got my arm bent portal mobile telephone inside Pamy’s diaper bag. I’m calling the judge and tossing the shelf of law books at this bastard. He’ll pay with his freedom and his money. I promise you that. And I’m taking that horse away along with all of his other farm and domestic animals from his horse ranch. Thanks for a great job, Garvin!”
Garvin nods with a smile, “My pleasure! I believe in protecting every man, mammal, and loving mother of each child.”
Breck nods with a smile and still sits beside his wife waving his hand to Garvin. “Come and stand in our family group photograph, Garvin.”
Garvin touches his dirty shirt with his free hand and wears a sour frown. “I’m kinda covered in red blood protein that clashes with the light blue tee shirt. But, ya’ll look really cute sitting there without doing nothing but smiling and wearing your sissy pale blue tinted shorts…shirts, guys,” he laughs with the others.
A.J. waves his hand and nods with a smile. “Come on and get into our family picture, anyways, Garvin. This day should be remembered for honoring our three newest members into the McCory clan, who will grow and learn to respect all species, including man and mammal. We’re a cow and horse farm that loves everyone, including our pets and our cows. Isn’t that right, Arie?”
Arie nods with a smile and waves her hand to Garvin. “That’s right, darling! Come on and stand beside your wife Retta Jean and your family pets, Garvin.”
“All right!” Garvin touches his dog and moves ahead wearing a smile then cuddles with his wife Retta Jean as each dog sits together and stares with a silly muzzle at the camera lens too.
On the back row, Tommy Lee leans over and whispers to Arie. “You did well, Arie. Congratulations to the newish grandma!”
She smiles. “We did well, newish grandpa! We’re a family by blood or by kin or by gun or by friendship. I plan to live and become a great-grandparent and see my three granddaughters marry their beau threes, also, Tommy Lee.”
Tommy Lee smiles, “Me, too!”
Arie leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on A.J. “I wish Iredell could be present with us.”
A.J. nods with a smile at the camera lens. “She is. Iredell sees us while looking down from glorious and beautiful heavenly realm standing beside her loving husband Breck, Senior and her brave and loving son Breck, Junior. They’re very happy for us, who remain and live down here on Planet Earth, until our death day, Arie.”
She smiles at the camera lens and whispers back to A.J. “Yes, I feel that, also, A.J. I wish that your parents were here to see and celebrate our newest family members, darling.”
“Me, too! Then I could hear my mother now leaving us with one of her salty remarks.”
Arie fakes her smile and bumps his arm, “A.J.!”
“Well then, she could have left with two of her sassy…”
“Stop it!” Arie continues to fake her smile but slaps the forearm on her husband. A.J. softly chuckles with amusement.
“Everyone,” the female photographer regains her composure after seeing the bloody shirt on Garvin hearing the terrible fist fight, staring at the group of beautiful people. Each female wears a pink tinted dress and each male displays a pale blue shirt that represents the innocence of the three newborn babies that have joined the growing McCory family unit here in the tiny cow town of Lacy Springs, which will create a beautiful portrait for the three loving babies.
She smiles “Look here at me and smile, saying cheeseburger!” She holds the remote control devise that will trigger a bright the flash of light on the digital camera when she snaps the family portrait.
“Cheeseburger…” the McCory family members and friends shouts out loud and wear a wide smile of happiness at high noon.


THE END
