
TWELVE WORLDS, ONE BOOK
An Anthology of Student Work by Amy Balogh's 2015-2016 ESOL Students, Chattahoochee High School

Compiled by Buffy J. Hamilton
Foreword by Amy L. Balogh and Buffy J. Hamilton
Original Cover Artwork by Hitoshi Akiyama
All compositions written by Ms. Balogh's 2015-16 ESOL Students 

Smashwords Edition

Published By: Buffy J. Hamilton at Smashwords


Each original piece of writing and artwork appears with permission of each student author.

©Copyright 2016 Buffy J. Hamilton

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or utilized, in any form or by any
means, electronic or mechanical, without prior permission in writing from the publishers.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

*****

FOREWORD

Somewhere in the middle of first semester of the 2014 school year, as I was dragging my students through the Odyssey, I began to ask myself “why?” They were miserable and I was miserable and I’m pretty sure no one was learning much.  This moment started a quest of figuring out a better way to engage my students in learning.  While on my quest, a friend introduced me to the books of Nancy Atwell and Kelly Gallagher.  Using their ideas, I started experimenting last year with independent reading books and better ways to teach writing.  Those small successes led me to completely revise the way I taught this year by using a reading and writing workshop platform.  We started the year with six weeks of reading and writing poetry, then six weeks of memoirs, and six weeks of fiction.  Second semester we did six weeks of drama and six plus weeks of research.  Students read an independent reading book every six weeks as well. They read more and wrote more than any group I’ve ever taught before. The results were astounding.  My students blew me away with their willingness to stretch themselves and to be creative.  They wrote amazing pieces.  Everyone, and I mean everyone, did a fantastic job.  They collaborated with and encouraged each other.  The wonderful thing is that along with the learning, we had fun.  This book is a collection of the student’s favorite pieces that they wrote this year.  Please enjoy this sampling of our journey together in what is hopefully our first annual eBook of student authors. 

Amy L. Balogh
ESOL Teacher
Chattahoochee High School

***************************************************************************

I have so enjoyed working with Ms. Balogh and her students during the 2015-2016 academic year.  While I have mainly supported their research efforts and work with informational texts, I am deeply grateful to support their work as writers and authors with this eBook project.  Their good humor, patience, and class camaraderie are truly inspiring and remind me why I love being an educator.  Thank you for sharing your voices with me and the world at large.

Buffy J. Hamilton, 
Librarian
Chattahoochee High School

*****

Table of Contents

Author Biographies

Chapter 1:  Argumentative Essays

Death Penalty, Alexandra Silva
Death Penalty, Lucia Rutherfurd 
Death Penalty, Pessi Lansirinne
Gun Control, Riku Araki
Gun Control, Christ Frank
Violent Video Games, Tom Kastoryano

Chapter 2:  Biosketches

Character BioSketch, Vrajna Patel

Chapter 3: Memoirs

At Playground, Matthew Jeong
Bye Everything, Shuai Feng
Disneyland, Danyah Iqbal
Duck Does Not Swim, Shuai Feng
Inchon, Briana Kang
Memories of the Failing Dream, Phoebe Chen
Six Flags, Hyesun Kang

Chapter 4:  Microfiction

A Boy, Shuai Feng
The Search, Alexandra Silva
Limits of Space and Mind, Hitoshi Akiyama

Chapter 5:  Monologues

Sherlock Holmes, Christ Frank
Prince Louis, Danyah Iqbal
The Darkness in the Light, Shuai Feng
Monologue from Monaco, Tom Kastoryano

Chapter 6:  Plays

Curious Incident, Hitoshi Akiyama, Riku Araki, and Christ Frank
Romeo and Juliet, Sohel Ali, Ren Araki, Phoebe Chen, Shuai Feng, Danyah Iqbal, Tom Kastoryano, and Alexandra Silva

Chapter 7:  Poetry

"As Uncomplicated the Verb to Love", Sofia A Ribeiro
"Cloud", Riku Araki
"Fall Evening", Hitoshi Akiyama
"Fall", Shuai Feng
"Farewell", Sofia A. Ribeiro
"Firework", Ren Araki
"Fog Machine", Pessi Lansirinne
"Happiness Is", Matthew Jeong
"I am on the way to go home", Lucia Rutherfurd
"Ice Cream", Danyah Iqbal
"Choosing America", Christ Frank
"Mosaic", Ren Araki
"My Day", Alexandra Silva
"Night", "Ren Araki
"Rainbow", Hitoshi Akiyama
"Road", Hitoshi Akiyama
"Song", Ren Araki
"Spot Kicks after a Tie", Matthew Jeong
"Sweet Candy", Briana Kang
"The Death", Vrajana Patel
"Wish", Phoebe Chen
"Winter", Alexandra Silva

Chapter 8:  Problem Solution Essays

Death Penalty, Alexandra Silva Espinoza
No Money, No College, Pessi Lansirinne
Suicide, Sohel Ali
Time Management, Alen Kiyanovski
Teens and Negative Body Image, Lucia Rutherfurd

Chapter 9:  Proposing Solutions, Five Ways

Five Ways to Hack Your Life, Sohel Ali
Five Ways to Apply to College, Christ Frank
Five Ways to Travel on a Budget, Alexandra Silva
Five Ways to Ride a Horse, Sofia A. Ribeiro
Five Ways to Better Sleep, Alen Kiyanovski


Chapter 10:  Short Stories

"First Snow", Briana Kang
"Memory", Ren Araki
"Queen's Tear", Phoebe Chen
"What You Reap, You Sow", Vrajana Patel

Chapter 11:  Speeches

Our Decisions, Our Future, Riku Araki
Think Fast Before That Food, Christ Frank
Author Biographies

Hitoshi Akiyama:  My name is Hitoshi Akiyama. I’m from Japan. I have been in US for three years. My hobby is drawing pictures in computer.

Sohel Ali:  Hey guys I am Sohel, I want to make it short and formal because I know my parents are going to read it. So, I am from state called West Bengal in India and I love pancakes and swimming in pools and skate boarding. Talking about my English class which made me do all these writing that you will read was stressful, but to be honest it was a heck of an adventure and I was lucky I got Miss. B as our guide so shout out to Miss. B and all the classmates for this amazing adventure, love you guys.

Ren Araki:  I’m Ren Araki. I’m from Japan. I live in United States from about 3 years ago. I like to play games. I often play horror games with friends, so I often write stories of horror.

Riku Araki:  I’m from Japan. When I came in the United States the first time, I would have only anxious and fear because I have not have English skills. Language made me frustrate when I have learned all of subjects. However, I am in Chattahoochee High School for three years. As a result, my English is improved extremely. After graduation, I have to go back to Japan in order to take an exam for a college. I believe that this experience lets me success. 

Phoebe Chen (Yi-Chin):  I was born in Taiwan. I’ve lived in the US for two years. I like drawing, writing, designing and music. My favorite quote is from Mother Teresa: “May God brake my heart so completely let the whole world falls in.”

Shuai Zheng Feng: I’m Tony. I’m from China. I have live U.S. for two and half year. My hobbies are fencing and play computer games. I am good at to write poetry and micro fiction. But I am not good at long stories and memoirs. 

Christ Frank Gonzalez:  I’m Christ Frank and I’m from Mexico City. I have been in The United States for the last two years when I decided to leave my family, friends, and home in order to come in the US and finish my high school studies. My interests and hobbies are exercise, study, listen to music, and pretty much anything that includes enjoy life every day in all the aspects. I consider myself a good writer because I had written a lot of stuff like poems, essays, memoirs, and fiction stories that reflects everything I had lived that always inspire me to write something new, unique and original.

Danyah Iqbal:  Hi my name is Danyah Iqbal. I was born is London, England April 4, 2001. My mum was born in London too but my dad was born is Manchester. Both of my grandparents were born in Pakistan. My hobby is to paint, draw and be creative. I also like to get involved in out of school activities such as helping the environment. I have a cat her name is Twinkle and she is 1-years-old. I named her Twinkle because her eyes are always twinkling. I have two younger sisters and they are both annoying but I love them both. How can I forget about how much I love hanging out with my friends and family and going to the mall.

Yohwan Matthew Jeong: I am Matthew Jeong. I am from South Korea. I have been America for 2 years. During 2 years, I experienced and felt many things. When I came America first time, I was afraid of English so that I could not speak well. However, I have been practicing English so now I can speak English more than before. I am about to go college soon. Therefore, I will study hard for my future. I went to New York last summer. It was really good and amazing. I want to go there next time again. Also, I want to go California as well. My hobbies are listening to music and exercising. I really enjoy listening to music since I was young. I like all kind of music. I love to play soccer or basketball with my friends. When I was in high school in Korea, I used to play soccer.

Brianna Kang:  I am Briana Kang. I’m from Korea I’m length of time in US 11 month. My hobbies is listen music and watch movies. I like K-pop songs and my favorite movie is Harry Potter. I don’t like insect. Because insects are gross and harmful.

Hyesun Kang: My name is Hyesun Kang I like to make sculpture and art.  I want to do sculpture in here but I can’t.  This is my first year for Georgia I’m here 10 month. I really try to do speak English.  I will be next year and when you see me give high five. I’m happy to here and meet you guys.  Also I really happy to make this book and the author was me! If we have a next time I want to make it again.  Thanks for give chance for us Ms., Mrs. Hamilton.

Tom Kastoryano: My name is Tom Lev Kastoryano. I moved here from Israel about 2 years ago. I am 15 years old, and I should have been a sophomore now although I’m a freshman. I love playing tennis, ping pong, and basketball. I love playing video games and watching movies while there is nothing to do. And I know 2 languages.

Alen Kiyanovski: My name is Alen, I’m a junior from Chattahoochee high school. I moved here from Israel, 3 months ago. I moved here with my step dad, mom, little brother and little sister. My father lives in Germany.  I love to travel the world with my father. I like to play soccer and every Sunday go to the Israeli scouts of Atlanta. I traveled to 14 different countries and different places. I love to play the guitar and go to the gym.
 
Pessi Lansirinne:  I moved from Finland to Atlanta last summer. I’m now 15 year’s old and my freshman year is about to end at Chattahoochee. I’m interested in sports, music and science. I have swum, played piano, and designed and built things my whole life. I like writing and reading when I’m not stressed and I have time to write and read.

Kevin O’Neill: I am Kevin O’Neill, am 15 years old. I like to play volleyball and read, also I am interest in medicine. Am from Puerto Rico when I was 14 years old I move to Atlanta to start a new life. I have been 5 months living it the USA. I like being in the USA it's very cool I think is something different.
 
Vrajna Patel: Hey guys! I am Vrajna Patel. I am from India. The thing that I most like about India is Indian spicy food.  I have been in America for one year. I love to dance, also I like to go for hiking. I like nature and quite place. I like to visit new places. The good thing about writing is you can express and share your feeling. There isn't any bad thing about writing. I like to write poems and real life stories. I hope this much information is enough to know about me. 
Sofia Ribeiro:  I’m Sofia Alves Ribeiro, a Brazilian teenager, who loves the fashion world and horseback riding, I came from Brazil two years ago (2014) and I would describe myself as a very determined person.

Lucia Rutherfurd:  I’m Lucia Fernanda Thais Rutherfurd Solis, I'm 15 years old, a typical teenager from Peru, and I have too many hobbies, but my favorite is listening music and play guitar! I moved to America 1 year ago and I really like this country, but I also miss my family and friends. Another thing that I really like to do is write, I feel so great when I expressed myself, but in the same time is kind of stressful and complicated because I have to use new words and write correctly, but in the end in a pretty experience. I really like to write but I don't like when my writing is judged or rated by someone.
 
Silvia Alexandra Silva:  Alexandra is how everybody calls me; I’m from Peru where one of the seven wonders is. I like to learn new languages because I like to meet new friends. At the beginning my experiences as writer in English was difficult because for me always was complicate to learn English but now I’m so happy because I know that I put all my effort to be better each time and now I can say that I feel comfortable as writer and I like to be in this country. 

Death Penalty
Alexandra Silva


Nobody should end another life. No one should take a life and gives it an end. But what if does? Stay in your house; one person comes in and kills your family or friends. Everybody knows that the person needs to be punished for what he or she did so if this person is going to be punished for murdering someone. Why does the government want to do the same and end another life? How can people just decide to stop a person’s life? The answer is that even though the murder needs to have a serious punishment for what he or she did; the death penalty is too extreme and it is a chain which repeats the same crime. The death penalty is an easy way to punish murder, but is it a good way?

Innocent persons died a cause of death penalty. According with J. Budziszewski,
Professor of Government and Philosophy “No system of justice can produce results which are 100% certain all the time. Mistakes will be made in any system which relies upon human testimony for proof” ("Should a Death Penalty Moratorium Be Implemented?"). This argument is not valid because just one life is so important, the government needs to be 100% sure before execute someone, if not they can’t take a decision just to take it. The death penalty is not a game; a life is going to be loose. The website procon.org shares “The reinstatements of the modern death penalty, 87 people have been freed from death row because they were later proven innocent. That is a demonstrated error rate of one innocent person for every seven persons executed” ("Should a Death Penalty Moratorium Be Implemented?"). This is justice? Clearly is not, if the person who is going to be punishment with death penalty, finally is innocent but is too late and he or she is already dead. How government can respond to that? Government can’t repair that, the person is already dead and nobody can give a solution. For example the testimony in Oklahoma “Greg Wilhoit spent five years of his life on death row for a crime that he did not commit. He received a full exoneration in 1993.  A second trial was held in 1993, but after the prosecution presented their case (without the bite mark evidence) the judge issued a directed verdict of innocence and Greg was cleared of all charges” ("Innocent and Condemned to Die: The Story of Greg Wilhoit").  In this case a life was safe because at the end they didn’t give him the execution, but, What about the time expended? Who rewards what happened? The answer is so easy, no one can reward neither return the time. This person lost many years of his life, the opportunity to raise his two daughters, his livelihood, and his physical and mental health. This is one of the terrible consequences of death penalty.

People who agree with the death penalty assert that it will preserve law and order and the perpetrators of crimes never have an opportunity to cause future tragedy. They believe that death penalty will cause people to stop making disorder; they want to say that people are fear nothing more than death, so they are not going to do something bad neither a chaos. According to the conclusion of the effect of the deterrent “Capital punishment produces a strong deterrent effect that saves lives” ("Deterrence"). This reason is unfunded; there is no evidence that capital punishment deters crime. Research reported in Homicide Studies, Vol. 1, No.2, May 1997, indicates “Executions may actually increase the number of murders, rather than deter murders” ("Law Enforcement Views on Deterrence"). Produce the dead to somebody, produce more violence. Why more violence in the world? Why more number of murders?  What example they teaching? The answer is simple, respond to a crime with the way of the death penalty is to increase and give an example of more brutality and contradictory of punishment bad things. A good example is the testimony of Delane Sims, “My brother was murdered but I strongly oppose the death penalty. More than anything, I want to live in a safe community; where my six sons and my daughter are able to pursue all of theirs dreams without fear of becoming another number in the city homicide count. However, I would not have wanted to relive my brother's murder over and over again, as happens in death penalty cases. The stress, pain and hurt that could riddle my body and mind just does not serve me nor honor my brother's memory [...]” ("I Want to Live in Safe Community without the Death Penalty"). Why more violence? Must these families suffer an agony? In the world, the number of violence goes up each year. Contribute with the executions is just to be agree with violence. The long process prior to executions can extend the agony experienced by both sides’ families.

In USA the death penalty also cost a lot of many than the imprisonment life because the Constitution requires a long and complex judicial process. The website Deathpenalty.org shares the cost studies in California, “In 2011, California has spent more than $4 billion on capital punishment. California spends an additional $184 million on the death penalty per year because of the additional costs of capital trials, enhanced security on death row, and legal representation. The study’s authors predict that the cost of the death penalty will reach $9 billion by 2030” ("The High Cost of the Death Penalty"). Why government wants to expend too much many in death penalty? Why they don’t use this money to give more assist for the people who really need it? Citizens know that the government uses their taxes to pay executions? The answer is that the government doesn’t ask citizens in which case they prefer that their taxes will be used because many people don’t know that the costs of the executions are carried by the cost of taxpayers. Those who propose the death penalty asserts in the costs of executions are less than life imprisonment. According to Vera Institute of Justice “Among 40 states that participated in a survey, the cost of prisons was $39 billion in fiscal year” (Henrichson and Delaney). The cost of imprisonment shows for Vera Institute compare to the cost of the death penalty each year the number of executions are going down in the last year 2015 they were 28 executions and the government expended millions of dollars just for a minimum quantity of persons (Henrichson and Delaney). Compare to the quantity of money that government expends is for 1574700 prisoners in each prison (Kedmey).

The other side has argued that death penalty is the perfect way to stop future crimes. But the death penalty is not the best way to punish someone. The person who did the crime needs to have time to reflect on their actions. If this person is going to be executed it will be easier for him because he won’t have time to regret what happened. Life imprisonment could be the best way because this person will value their life and especially others. In prison the criminal is going to be excluded from the world and this will be their major punishment. Also, what about the government? Does Government want everyone to become assassins? Yes, if they allow the death penalty because they do the same. They end a life.

Works Cited
"Deterrence." Death Penalty Focus. N.p., n.d. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
Henrichson, Christian, and Ruth Delaney. "The Price of Prisons: What Incarceration Costs Taxpayers." Vera Institute of Justice. N.p., 29 Feb. 2012. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
"The High Cost of the Death Penalty." Death Penalty Focus . N.p., n.d. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
"I Want to Live in Safe Community without the Death Penalty." Death Penalty Focus. N.p., n.d. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
"Innocent and Condemned to Die: The Story of Greg Wilhoit." Death Penalty Focus . N.p., n.d. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
Kedmey, Dam. "U.S. Prison Population Expands For the First Time in 3 Years." Time. Time, 16 Sept. 2014. Web. 13 May 2016.
"Law Enforcement Views on Deterrence." Death Penalty Information Center. N.p., n.d. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
"Should a Death Penalty Moratorium Be Implemented?" ProCon.org. N.p., n.d. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.

*****
Death Penalty
Lucia Rutherfurd

Imagine a mother with her baby sauntering until unfortunately find the wrong person, she has no idea that this person had just beating her to death and then raping her and her only 6 months old. Perhaps, this guy deserves to live? Not because anyone could walk by without knowing what it is capable of, since they appear to be normal people, but really are? It is hard to know since no one know what is in the mind of every person, nor science knows what he may be able the human brain. Such people are a danger to society because they are not normal, the only solution is to remove bone apply the death penalty, because neither jail nor the mental hospital will be able to change them, because they are also a danger to other inmates or for the most defenseless people such as those suffering mental illness. The death penalty is not bad if used responsibly.

The death penalty is now very necessary to fight crime today in many European countries no longer have prisons because they had terrorized the population for many years. There are many religions as Christian (Catholic), Pope Francis gave a statement against the Death Penalty "today the death penalty is inadmissible, because serious has been the crime of the condemned. It is an offense to the inviolability of life and the dignity of the human person that contradicts God's plan for man and society and merciful justice, and prevents comply with any just purpose of penalties. it does justice to the victims, but encourages revenge”(Zenit)  and it's true no one can judge or say who should live and who die, no one can put God's shoes but anyone can put in the shoes of the mother who lost her child, not revenge, is to eliminate a threat.

On the other hand claim that the death penalty is inhumane and that many people die unjustly, last year a study showing that in a group of 25 people one of them was innocent [Just in US] with which became famous was conducted phrase "in a legal system, there are always mistakes, and there are many innocent people in jail to be executed. Imagine that you are a parent of a death row inmate innocent.”(Aclu) .Supposedly it is inhumane to kill someone, then it is more humane to let someone locked up for life in deplorable conditions because in Third mostly in Latin America countries do not give them no food, exposed to be violated or be killed, that's supposedly more 'human', and it is also more human a mother bringing flowers to his son in the cemetery fence a sad mother to visit her son who is rotting in jail , “I'd rather kill 10 criminals , that they kill 10 innocent” (Fidel Castro). 

On the other hand it has been argued that the death penalty is neither fair nor safe because they kill many innocent people and that is inhumane because no one has the right to take the life of another person. And it's a little true, but the death of a murderer or a 'person' can be prevented 10 cases of homicide. Unfortunately in many countries from like Latino America, Africa, Asia, there are not many free criminals because there are no good laws, the only solution is to exterminate them.

Works Cited

Zenit. “Pope’s Letter to International Commission Against the Death Penalty”. N.p., 20 Mar. 2015. Wed. 04 Mar. 2016
Aclu. “The Case Against the Death Penalty”. N.p., n.d. Sun. 01 Mar. 2016

La Ruplica. “Filden Castro: La Condena de Muerte”. N.p., n.d. Mon. 02 Mar. 2016

*****
Death Penalty
Pessi Lansirinne

Picture a man captive in an electric chair. A painful screw is mortgaged to his head, his eyes are covered, and he can’t move. Suddenly 10,000 volts are connected to his body. He suffers and his body gets hot. But it takes many tries and a long time until he collapses down and dies. This man had killed somebody. If the government says that killing is wrong, why does the government have the right to kill? Every year hundreds of people have been killed by capital punishment in United States (Rogers). How many times in history wrong person was killed? Who does the killing? Do the criminals really deserve it?

The other side might say that death penalty keeps other criminals from killing. They say that criminals are scared to kill if there is the risk that they could get killed themselves. This should make the country a safer and better place to live. This is not true. According to the webpage Debatepedia the death penalty doesn’t really make other people scared to kill. Edward Koch, former mayor of New York City tell a story, “Had the death penalty been a real possibility in the minds of...murderers, they might well have stayed their hand. They might have shown moral awareness before their victims died...Consider the tragic death of Rosa Velez, who happened to be home when a man named Luis Vera burglarized her apartment in Brooklyn. ‘Yeah, I shot her,’ Vera admitted. ...’And I knew I wouldn't go to the chair’” ("Debate: Death Penalty"). A very small percentage of the people who had planned a murder hesitated because of the death penalty. 

Many people are able to change themselves and they can learn from their mistakes. Everybody should be given another chance. Every year humans, who really regret their actions, are killed by terrible and miserable ways. Two thirds of the countries in a world have abolished the death penalty reasoning it’s against humanity ("Abolitionist and Retentionist Countries"). The other side says it’s certified that many criminals commit another crime after they have been punished once. In their opinion it’s better to kill one person than let the same person commit a crime many times. According to the webpage Telegraph, Andrew Dawson first killed in 1981 and was sentenced to life – only to be released in 2010, whereupon he killed two men living near his home in Derby (Johnston). It’s true than some people can’t change themselves but some people can. Why a life sentence that is really not a life sentence? What stops the government form changing it? What comes to the Dawson’s case? It is just a single case and doesn’t mean that something like that could happen really often. The fact that many criminals commit another crime when they get free is true, but it’s also fact that the second crimes aren’t often anything serious. People who get free kill again really rarely. At least removing the death penalty would save many people’s lives who area already suffering and regretting.

The strongest argument of the people supporting capital punishment is the cost. The guards’ salary and fulfilling basic needs make keeping criminals in prison expensive. According to webpage Heraldextra.com, the cost can be over 50,000 dollars a year for twenty years ("The Cost of Life in Prison"). However, the death penalty can be much more expensive. After committing the violation, criminals wait for the punishment for many years. Uncle Sam has to spend the same $50,000 in a year for about ten years just to keep people waiting for the possible death. The webpage Death Penalty Info tells that death penalty is more expensive than a life sentence, “A Seattle University study examining the costs of the death penalty in Washington found that each death penalty case cost an average of $1 million more than a similar case where the death penalty was not sought ($3.07 million, versus $2.01 million)” ("Costs of the Death Penalty").

Without the death penalty, the man in the electric chair could still be alive. He could sit in a prison regretting and suffering because of his actions. His own children could still see their daddy and the government could pay much less. He could change himself and, someday, after a long time, he and his family could enjoy their lives together. There aren’t any good arguments for death penalty, are there? Hopefully the US will soon abolish the death penalty and join the other two thirds of the countries in the world who have already abolished capital punishment.

Works Cited
"Abolitionist and Retentionist Countries." Abolitionist and Retentionist Countries. N.p., 31 Dec. 2014. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
"The Cost Of Life In Prison." KPBS Public Media. N.p., 10 Jan. 2010. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
"Costs of the Death Penalty." Costs of the Death Penalty. N.p., n.d. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
"Debate: Death Penalty." - Debatepedia, Debate on Capital Punishment. N.p., n.d. Web. 07 Mar. 2016.
Johnston, Philip. "Who Lets Murderers out of Jail to Kill Again?" The Telegraph. Telegraph Media Group, n.d. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
Rogers, Simon. "Death Penalty Statistics from the US: Which State Executes the Most People?" The Guardian. Guardian News and Media, 21 Sept. 2011. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
"Study: Washington Death Penalty Cases Cost $1M Extra - HeraldNet.com." The Daily Herald. N.p., 7 Jan. 2015. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.

*****
Gun Control
Riku Araki

The tragedy happens every single day. Case of gun crime increases each year. It hardly seems worth the energy to once again make the same essential point that the President. He believes if gun control would be more powerful, gun violence will finish. However, some people claimed his argument by demonstration. They are necessary guns in order to protect themselves, but is it? Gun is, of course, a weapon and it would be defensive power. However, it also would attack and hurt people. Currency, most case of massacre was used guns. A lot of people were killed every day by guns. The 2nd amendment assures people can have guns in order to protect themselves, but it also true that guns causes of more violence and crimes now.  Thus, gun ought to control under the law. This will make the people of the United States happy and peaceful life. 

In the US, there are plenty gun crimes happened. Especially, it occurs at the school. Then, a lot of precious lives had lost due to the gun criminal. The gun crime increases every each year. According to the Los Angeles Post, “the frequency of attack has picked up since the December 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, Conn., where 20 first- graders and six adults were gunned down” (Vartabedian). Most gun massacre occurred at school which means gun criminal aims to attack school because teacher and students don’t have defensive power when they in the school. Those who oppose gun control law argue that gun criminal has been attacked at weak places. Thus, that should be armed. “Massacres happen where the targets of mass-shooters congregate (schools, government buildings, workplaces, etc.) and the potential for people in those locations to be armed is simply not a deterrent to these shooters” (Sager). The data shows rate of gun crime occurred at school, church, and weak places. If those places are armed, people will not be hurt or killed by lawbreaker. Mass shooting would decrease when weak places are able to be armed. Also, children would be safe at school. However, that will face more gun violence because there are a lot of guns in school which means school is not safe. 

The other sides asserts that gun deaths would be the same rates with the car accidents of dead or it kills more people every year then guns. Cars are not prohibited by law if it is the most cause of dead because cars are necessary in order as transportation system. They say that’s is not fair. If the government advances the gun control, cars also are limited by law. All of gun owner has a license. It is the exact same with the car license. “Before anybody is able to buy a gun, they should be required to get firearms training, become certified through a state licensing process, get insurance for potential damages that their weapons may inflict, and register each and every one of their weapons with the state.” (Sager).  It doesn’t make sense.  Actually, gun deaths would be the same rates with the car accidents deaths. However, these are totally different because the car accidents are real accident. Gun shooting make people to hurt on purpose. Car driver didn’t want to kill anybody. Gun shooter wanted to kill people. These are the same rates. That is unbelievable because people would like to kill someone by gun as the same rates of car accidents. According to the Washington Post, “Gun deaths and vehicle deaths are in many ways two different problems. Gun deaths are typically intentional -- people deliberately kill either themselves or someone else. Motor vehicle deaths, by contrast, are usually accidental. And cars are much more complicated machines than guns, with a lot more components and systems to iterate and improve upon” (Ingraham). Most people are using cars and there are a lot of them in the US. Therefore, the accidents would happen. Although, mass shooting should not happen if they really want to kill somebody. Gun deaths would be the same rates with car accident deaths, but it isn’t. 

The other side argues the government should not make the gun control law. Although, the truth is mass shootings increases each years and most massacre used guns. Most citizens can buy guns easily if they want. Gun violence would not decrease if the government haven’t passed the gun control law. The United States must pass it no matter what people argue about it. Hopefully, the US government establish the strong gun control law, trust it makes to decrease the amount of dead people. 

*****
Gun Control
Christ Frank

Turn on the TV after wake up and see the channel news. A mass shooting at a school killing innocent kids? A handgun found in a college student’s backpack? Or a crazy man with any kind of illness that can easily just go outside and start shooting. Guns are the author of another mass killing at a vulnerable place as a school, work, or even the street where a lot of people pass through every day. Lives that could be saved with just passing some gun control laws from the government of United States in order to protect and maintain safe their own citizens. Yes, the people have the right to own a gun in order to feel save and protection of themselves as the 2nd amendment tell us in the constitution. But also think about this; is it true that more guns in the field will make people feel safer? Or it will create more violence as it could be seen now?.
Guns control laws will be the first step in order to control how easy guns can be bought these days, according to the Washington post “Mass killings in the United States are most often carried out with guns, usually handguns, most of them obtained legally, out of 241 guns, 138 were obtained legally, and 39 were obtained illegally” (PÉrez-peÑa). This means that most of the mass shootings are carried out with guns that have been obtained legally by any person who can afford to buy them. More gun control laws in United States will keep violence away from any innocent people on the field. “As an example the tragedy at Virginia Tech may tell us something about how a young man could be driven to commit terrible actions, but it does not teach us very much about gun control” (Berkowitz). Even if people say they need to carry a gun just for the feeling of safeness, there will be a person outside trying to hurt other people. This is something that the federal government should be concern about because they cannot guaranteed save every single person live with just taking a gun away or getting the shooter into the jail because that live will be lost by then. 

The other side argues that people don’t even need and it is almost impossible to check background before buying a gun, “It is written in the 2nd amendment as a right for every US citizen to own a gun for self-protection. It is virtually impossible to use new background check or waiting-period laws to prevent dangerous people from getting guns. Those that cannot buy, they will steal or borrow” (Overton). There should be some restrictions on any kind of gun. Specially to people with mental illness, people who are in the list of terrorist or in the list of not get in a flight, and also veterans with a bad record or background after serving army. According to Los Angeles Times, “Each day, on an average, 13 children under the age of 19 are killed by gunfire and more are injured. Homicide it's the No.1 cause of death. Most youth homicides are committed with firearms, especially handguns.” (Wilson). This means every single person has the freedom to carry a gun whenever they want but this needs to be in constant control because nobody knows what is happening through the people’s mind, what their intentions are, maybe they want to carry a mass shooting in a school or maybe they just are on their way to hunting at the forest. New gun control laws will bring these suspicions and violence down, regulating the use of any kind of gun on the possession of anyone in United States.

The other side has been arguing that United States doesn’t need any gun control laws. But the truth is that these days mass shootings had been carried by normal people that can easily go to a gun shop and buy this little machine that can kill and destroy lives in seconds. Violence and guns are very good friends if they fall in the wrong hands. This country really needs to have control and background checks on every single citizen that tries to buy a gun, no matter what their intentions could be because they are not getting a toy, they are getting a small gun with a great power. Gun control laws will bring peace for those kids that are studying quietly in a classroom, thinking school is the safest place where they could be and for those parents that are actually working but without thinking the possibility that a man or even a child could enter for the front door and start taking some lives away, lives that could be saved with just passing some gun control laws. Do people won’t stand up and stop this national and uncontrollable problem?. Hopefully The United Sates will react as soon as possible and won’t let more bullets penetrate and destroy more innocent people’s lives.

*****

Violent Video Games
Tom Kastoryano

Have you ever played a violent video game? If you did. Did it encourage you to go outside and kill someone? Because if you did you might be insane. But let's say you’re not. A lot of people criticize violent games as something bad to the world and that they should be banned because they cause bad impact on our teenagers. But is it really true? Is it true that violent games and violence in the real life have connection between them? Is it true that violent video games cause aggression and bullying? The answer is no. The Supreme Court ruled that the connection between violent video games and real life violence is flawed ("Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Association,"). Video games is not a major or a factor in violence between teenagers and adults.

The studies which claim a connection between video games violence and real life violence are flawed. According to Dmitri Williams & Marko Skoric and their research about violence and video games, “Many studies failed to control for factors that contribute to children becoming violent, such as family history and mental health, plus most studies do not follow children over long periods of time.  Video game experiments often have people playing a game for as little as ten minutes, which is not representative of how games are played in real life"(Williams and Skoric). But from the other side of the conflict, people are arguing that violent video games do have a connection between the game's violent & real life violent. According to a research done by Mediators and Moderators of Long-term Effects of Violent Video Games on Aggressive Behavior," bullying, and fighting. 60% of middle school boys and 40% of middle school girls who played at least one Mature-rated (M-rated) game hit or beat up someone, compared with 39% of boys and 14% of girls who did not play M-rated games. Several peer-reviewed studies have shown that children who play M-rated games are more likely to bully and cyberbully their peers, get into physical fights, be hostile, argue with teachers, and show aggression towards their peers throughout the school year"(Jaccarino). This research is flawed. The Supreme Court ruled that violent video games do not cause people to act aggressively. Justice Antonin Scalia said: “have been rejected by every court to consider them, and with good reason: They do not prove that violent video games cause minors to act aggressively"( "Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Association.") . When there isn’t an agreement if violent video games actually move through real life violence, one solution might be to restrict the age when you can buy violent video games. But in my opinion there's nothing to change. Everyone can enjoy video games without getting bad effect from it.

The other side of the argument states that many of the people who been involved in school shootouts were playing violent video games before the shootout. Katherine S. Newman, Provost and Executive Vice Chancellor of the University of Massachusetts Amherst and American author. Said: “The teenage shooters in the 1999 Columbine High School massacre of 13 students played violent combat games. Many mass shootings have been carried out by avid video game players: James Holmes in the Aurora, Colorado movie theater shooting (2012); Jared Lee Loughner in the Arizona shooting that injured Rep. Gabby Giffords and killed six others (2011); and Anders Breivik, who killed 77 people in Norway (2011) and admitted to using the game Modern Warfare 2 for training"(Jaccarino).  But there are a lot of other reasons for why people choose to do mass shootouts. Playing violent video games does not cause kids to do mass shootouts. There are 150 million Americans in today's world which are playing video games. And 71% of them are teens. But there were only 71 mass shootouts in the United States between 1982-2015 (Newman). These events were tragic. But only 9.8 of the people who have committed these shootouts were 18 or younger. (Mark Follman, Gavin Aronsen, and Deanna Pan,). A report made  by the US Secret Service and US Department of Education have examined 37 incidents of targeted school violence between 1974 and 2000. Of the 41 attackers studied, 27% had an interest in violent movies, 24% in violent books, and 37% exhibited interest in their own violent writings, while only 12% showed interest in violent video games. The report did not find a relationship between playing violent video games and school shootings, (United States Secret Service website, July 2004.) By those percentages, violent video games might have a very, very small impact on mass shootouts. Compared for books, movies, and people's choice. People which are doing those mass shootouts are mentally insane or ill. Mass shootouts have many causes and reasons for them. Violent video games is a very small one.

The other side of the argument has argued that violent video games are not good to anyone, that it makes us all violent and aggressive and it causes people to do mass shootouts.  But think of it for a moment. If violent video games are "so violent" why do we still have them all over the world? Simply playing them doesn't make you a killer that walks down the street and shooting people. Hopefully one day people in the United States will understand that violent video games doesn't have an effect on real life violence. And people will enjoy those games without getting criticized.

*****

Character Biographical Sketch for the Play, Seeking Justice
Vrajna Patel

Vrajna Patel is a smart police officer. She is thirty years old. She wears typical clothes. She does not like to dress up every day. She stands straight also she usually plays with her hair when she is short and tiny that's why her friends call tiny. When she is speaking she makes face expression and make hand gesture. 

She likes to spend money whatever amount she had in her hand. She is a wealthy but not much. She is a good and helping police officer. She grew up with her parents in India and her parents are supportive. She believed in all religion because she says that there is one god but different way to please the god. She likes to dance but when she start dance everybody goes out of stage because she hit everybody with her hands and legs movement. She does not like to make food but she loves to eat food.

She is the person who makes decision with the help of her friend and parents but sometime she never take help and take decision by herself. Her goal was to take job in FBI and she did it. She gets a lot of support from her parents. She is an easy going person. She does not care about much stuff. She has a fear of snake. When she was a kid she went to garden and while she was playing snake come and she got scared, after then she scared of snake. She always imagines things which could not happen. She has bad habit to overreact and she always starts crying when somebody scolds her. Her biggest fear is ghost; she always thinks that ghost is behind her. So this is how she is.

*****

At Playground
Matthew Jeong

When I was ten years old, every 2 p.m. playground was crowded by me and my friends. We laughed, whining, someday we fought each other. I want to go back to these days. I didn’t have anything to worry or getting nervous. Everyday gave me a lot of fun and enjoyable. Sometimes I miss these days a lot. I always remain this memory in my mind. 

The weather was nice and warm. It was good to play. The wind was blowing like a weak level of electric fan. Birds were singing like opera. There was a sand castle. It was made by me and my friends. All my friends were playing card game each other. They all have their own cards because card game is very popular when I was ten. Some of my friends were playing soccer. There was no goal post, flag, and referee in the playground. But it did not matter to us at all. We could make ourselves to use sand or stone. Our faces were covered with dirt. Our hands and feet were covered with sand.

I did not play soccer or card game. I always played hide and seek. Hide and seek was very familiar with me. Also, i was famous that I am very good at hide and seek in my hide and seek group. There were groups of each play style. Soccer group, baseball group, sand castle group, card game group. However, I included in hide and seek group. We were going to eat something after we played done. It was kind of reward of played hard.

I began to play hide and seek with my friends. The number of my friends and me were total seven. All of my friends hid somewhere that they wanted to hide. Tagger was me so I had to find all of my hidden friends. I found five friends very easily because they always hide in same place. I think they were really pure. Anyhow, I wandered to found my two of my friends. They were really hard to find. I even walked outside from the playground to find them. I finally found one friend at behind the chair. Therefore, I had one friend left. However, I could not find him. So all of my friends tried to find him. We called his name very loudly, we yelled. Also, we asked passersby. Nevertheless, they even said they did not have any ideas. Eventually, my friends and I were come back to home due to time was too late. I scared but I did not know what I was supposed to do. 

Next day, my friend who I could not find came to playground. I was so mad at my friend. The reason why I was so mad at my friend is he did not tell us where he went. I asked him with angry talking.

“What? Where have you been yesterday? I and my friends tried to find you until late at night. 

But why didn’t you tell us anything? We were very worried about you!!” I said to him

“Oh, I am really sorry about that. My mom caught me and took me to my home. Because actually I didn’t do my homework at all.” he replied. 

“How!! Oh my God. Okay, okay we will understand. I know how your feel was.”
I was very absurd. I thought it was ridiculous. However, finally I and my friends forgave him. At the moment, his mom came to us and she ordered pizza and chicken. She wanted to request reconciliation instead of her son. Even though we said, “No thanks”, she just ordered. We enjoyed pizza and chicken and we laughed especially to him. We all said, "Don't do that from now on. You must to tell us that where have you been. Could forgive you because of this pizza and chicken.” We joked.

We were all laughed and talked funny thing. Also, we heard about his funny episode that he caught and took by her mom. All other group envy us that we ate chicken and pizza. The smell of chicken and pizza were going to upside toward dark sky. This day was really nice and fun ever. This day became my unforgettable memory.

*****
Bye, Everything
Shuai Zheng, Feng

People with their family took long distance bus from city to county. They talked and laughed past me. I wore a black jacket, packed a bag, and griped my trunk, stood in the crowd. Looked back at my grandparent's house.

"It's time to get on the bus," Mom said.

"I will." I turned back my sight and got on the bus. I sat alone by myself and in front of the bus. I looked out the window and enjoyed the scenery. I always take the short distance bus go to my grandparent's house. But, this time the scenery is more beautiful than before.

Forty minutes later, the bus traveled in front of my middle school. My right hand instantly pushed on the window and some pictures went through my eyes. I followed them to remember all these memories. I couldn't feel I was crying, until a tear dropped down on my wrist. The bus keep going, I turned my head try to see it one more time. When I cannot see it, I turn back my head and close my eyes to wait the bus arrive the stop.

When I opened my eyes, the bus almost bus station, I looked at the clock where it near the driver and twinkle the red light. It's 3:20 p.m. I slept about 4 hours. I stretch my body and use hands to clean tear path. And kept look out the window. The wind's sound, people's sound, and vehicle horn all couldn't bother me. In my mind, only have the memoir about I play with my friends every moment.

The bus reach the bus station. Uncle Lin waited for us and picked us up to a hotel rest for two days. During these two days, I visited the trade center of China-- Shang Hai. It gives me feel this city is so powerful.

After two days, we went the airport. Before my family and I went to lounge, everything is fine. 

In the airport lounge, I looked for a seat and put off the bag next to me. Suddenly, my cell phone was ringing. I thought maybe from my friends. I was so exacting took out my cell phone. When I open it, I was disappointed, it's from my cell phone company. Instantly, I want to trash my cell phone. But, I didn't do it. I open my contact, it's all my friends' phone number. I began call one of them. When I hang up, I feel sorrow.

"We need go," My brother continued," And you need turn off you phone."

I put my cell phone away and answered. "I got it. I will meet you, give me a little bit more time."

My brother nodded and went meet my mother. I used short time to send a message to my all friends to parting. Then, followed my brother to get on the airplane. We had taken two airplanes. First one, it went to Seoul. And waited two hours take second plane to U.S.A.
The plane was flying above the Seoul. I watched out the window. It's beautiful. In the night, so many light make together, just like Milky Way Galaxy. The plane left Seoul, the Mikey Way Galaxy was gone. My heart fall down. I closed the shade and slept. In my dream, I met my friends again. We played together, laughed together, and traveled together. That dream was pleasant.

When I opened the shade, it' still night. But, I know I arrived in the U.S.A. I looked at this unknown city, a sense rose my mind, and it were happiness and interest. My family and I followed people pass the customs. I listened them speak English, even though, I cannot understand, my mind still was excited.

Went out of the airport, my father picked up us to our new house. First time, I thought this world is so big and so small. When I saw building same beautiful as ShangHai's building, I knew I need grow up. I need say "Bye" to my history, and say " Hello" to my future.

I opened the window and yelled, "U.S.A, I'm coming.

And my family said together, "Are you crazy?"

I just smiled and told myself, " Bye, everything."
*****
Disneyland
Danyah Iqbal

The cool breeze was all I could feel. The soft white fluffy snow was falling from the sky. It was winter holidays and this year I was super exited. I had always told my parents that I wanted to go to Disneyland in Paris and now we finally got to go.

London is pretty close to Paris by driving, so instead of wasting about 400-500 pounds on a flight to Paris, we decided to drive. 

The drive to Paris was pretty long, but we got through it. One hour into the trip, we had to take a type of train called a shuttle that has two levels and goes under water, so my dad got a break from driving and we had lunch.

As I opened the box with my lunch in it, my mouth fell wide open. My mum had packed us each a chicken leg. It was huge; she made it extra spicy just the way I like it. It was red and when I saw the red chicken, I knew what kind it was, it was chicken thika, one of my favorite kinds of chicken in the whole world. It was warm because my mum kept it in a hot pot. As I bit into it, my mouth became little watery. It was so good; my mum always makes the best chicken!

When we crossed the border and got out of the shuttle, the sun was shining bright, but it was still very cold outside. That’s why we all brought our extremely thick winter coats.

This vacation we were staying twenty minutes away from Disneyland.  We were staying in a three bedroom villa. It was really big for a holiday home.
 
“Danyah” my mum called, as I ran towards her. She wanted to help her unload the car while dad took the heavy bags out. I was so excited and I was only 11-years-old, and so that explains a lot. It was getting late so we had dinner and went to bed.
 
The next day was finally here.

“Disneyland here I come,” I said while jumping with joy. When we got to Disneyland, the first thing I saw was Mickey Mouse. He was one of the first Disney characters in the history of Disney. 

My mum handed me a book. I asked what it was for. She told me to open it and I did. It was an autograph book. I hugged her and went straight to get his autograph. 

As my family and I walked into a large cabin, the warmth of the air hit me. Fresh coffee was all I could smell. They had hot chocolate too. “mmmmm” my favorite.

After a while my sister disappeared. I turned to see where my sister went and there she was, standing in front of the biggest Christmas tree I have ever seen. There were lights, ornaments and a big glittery star on the top of the tree. 

As we were walking, I could hear and feel the loud music jumpstarting my body. I could barely here my mum telling me to hurry up. 

My sister and I caught snowflakes on our tongues. I could feel them slowly melting in my mouth. 

It was 4pm and we were all waiting for the parade. After ten minutes of waiting, finally we got to see it. It was dark, there were lights flashing everywhere. The parade was beautifully lit up. 
Sometimes I like to remember all of my old family trips. So far this had been the best vacation ever. 

Vacations can be a good time to strengthen relationships with family. I had so much fun and I’m so happy that I got to spend time with my family. 
*****
“The Duck doesn't swim”
Shuai Zheng,Feng

I opened my eyes, the darkness around me. I lost the power to control my body. I saw some black bodies around me, playing the ceremony and letting me join them. My body waved by the water waves. My feet touch the mud the bottom of lake, it detains me like a monster. The cool temperature encroaches my body and dark bothers my mind. I began to get scared. And, I saw Death. He extended his sickle to try to catch me. I waved my arms and legs to leave him, but I didn't move. My sense was weaker and weaker. I wanted some fresh air to restore it

Time after time, I would loss my sense. Instantly, have a light ran into my eyes and pulled me up. Next second, I get away from the Death and out. I breathed hurried to get fresh air. My sense began return to me, arms, legs, and brain. Otherwise, I felt my eyes were ache and my lung was force by hydraulic pressure, it breathe harder than usual.

I yelled. "Dude, where are you?"

A sound from my back. It's Zhong's. "I am here. What's wrong with you? You stay a long time in the lake?"

I still breathed rapidly and answered him. "I don't know. But, I remember my feet touched mud and have some black things around me."

Zhong said astonished. "Are you sure? The lack deep about 35 meters."

My brain was blank in a second. Next, I nodded my head to answer him. Wang and Zhang steered the boat come and ask me about health. Zhong told them what I answer to him. Their face show me what their thought, amazing. 

Wang said." If that is true, you guys need get to back in boat."

Zhong and I said together. "Okay."

Zhong did his nimble action, quickly reach the boat. Zhang give his hand pull him up. I imitated Zhong's action. But, I didn't move. That time, my mind was blank. I couldn't believe that I couldn't swim.

Maybe Zhong knew what I was thinking about and said. "Swimming is easy. Waving your arms and use your legs press back water. You will move."

I waved my arms and use legs pressed back water. Five seconds later, I moved a short distance. I began feel swim is the easiest sport. However, that's not true. After twenty seconds, I never move again. I stopped action, the water wave push my body move forward and move backward. That time I knew how I move.

I said honestly, "Can one of you get off to help me?"
They were talking to each other. Zhong and Zhang both watched Wang, Wang shook his head. Zhong watched Zhang, he also shook his head. Then, all of them lower their head. Nobody talked.

After ten seconds, Zhong broken the situation and said, "They cannot do it. I will try it, but, I am not sure I can save you."

I heard his voice, my depressed was disappeared and a hope fire was rising by it. When he closed one inch to me, my fire also higher one inch. He stay one meter away and said." Give me your hand."

I extended my hand to grab his hand. Next time, he pulled me to the boat. It made me feel happy. But, just moved a short distance, Zhong was tired. I gave up to grab his hand. 

He backed the boat and said. "I, I tried it. But, but, I still cannot pull you back." He put his hand on side of waist and breathed hastily.

I said, "I know, thank you."
He nodded to me and close eyes to breathe. We were in quiet again. I looked at my body, it shook by water wave. Many questions rose my mind, I didn't know how to swim, why I jump from boat? Why I cannot swim? I began despaired.
One minutes, Wang broke this quiet. He said." I have an idea. We can steer boat close him and pull him out. What do you think?"

Zhong and Zhang saw each other and nodded for each other and said. "That's a good idea, we can try it."

They steered the boat close to me. When the boat close to me, I would receive a force push me back. The despair was rising higher and higher by this force. I began hate myself. Why I jumped from the boat? And tomorrow, newspaper's headline will be "A Teenage Dead in Yun Long Hu Lake". When I thought here, I sighed deeper, looked hopeless up at sky and used hand hit the surface of water.

Two minutes later, I heard some engine's sound close to me. I looked around, have three boats come to me. I turned head to focus on my friends, they waved their hands to these boats. Instantly, my eyes filled tear. I would be saved by them.

Three boats stopped at my left side, right side, and back to stop me move. Zhang steered the boat to close me and give me their hand pull out from lake. I thanked for their help and sat my seat. Quiet for long time until we backed to home.

I lived near the sea, but, I couldn't swim. That's a big joke to me. And from that day, I didn't try things that I didn't know I could or couldn't things. It will took my life from my hands. 

*****
“Inchon Chinatown and Fairytale Village”
Briana Kang

This summer, I went to Chinatown in Inchon and Fairytale Village with my friends. It was Korean Memorial Day. We took the subway and it took an hour and a half to get Chinatown. We were chatting in the subway and the time didn’t bother us. When we were off the subway, we cried for something that would a please our mouths. “Let’s go to supermarket!” said my friend Jisu. Then we went to supermarket and bought some jelly. We were laughing at nothing and not done anything yet but happy.

Chinatown has been in Inchon since 1906. Chinese people live together and create their unique culture in many ways. The area held many stores trading goods imported from China, but most Chinese businesses are now restaurants. Korean can enjoy their food and buy things. Especially you can see their traditional dress Chipao and antique pottery.

We were trying to wear Chipao but the store worker seemed to be unpleased because we were absolutely not buying it. We were upset, but I would have same feeling if I were the worker. However we couldn’t leave the store because Chipao were so colorful and beautiful. Chinese love red and gold color. The mixture was so incredible and its tight fit looked so sexy. It was so different impression compare to Korean traditional dress, Hanbok.

We were walking along the main road. “Are you hungry?” said Nakaung. “Yes! I’m hungry. Let’s eat lunch” said Hyemin. “Ok, then look for a fine restaurant” said Jisu. We looked around Chinatown and we found a famous restaurant. “Let’s go over there” I said. The restaurant was crowded by many people and we waited ten minutes and sat the table. We ordered Jajangmyeoun and waited fifteen minutes to Jajangmyeoun came out. I was expecting something different taste, but it was usual as you can eat in your neighborhood. The Jajangmyeoun was delicious because I ate with my beloved friends.

Then we went to Fairytale Village. The Fairytale Village is nearby the Chinatown to walk distance. It only took seven minutes to get the Fairytale Village. The Fairytale Village was decorated by wall paint of the fairytale picture. When I was young I like to read fairytales and dreaming of fairytale heroes all the time. The paint reminded me of the times. “Let’s take a picture!” said Hyemin and we took pictures and looked around Fairytale Village. The weather was so hot, we went to ate ice cream. The ice cream café was famous in the Fairytale Village. The clerk was wearing a lion costume and walked around. I asked, “Hi, can we take picture with you?” The clerk was nodding his head and we took a picture with him. One of my friends really liked him because he was a good looking. To be honest, I liked him too. Yes, we were young girls who were screaming at nothing, fluttering at handsome boy.

We were spending four hours to look around Chinatown and The Fairytale Village. We had to back home by six o’clock but no one wanted to leave. We called our moms to get permission to have more hours, but some of our friends couldn’t chat in the subway because we were so tired. Some of us fell asleep until where we should get off. It was eight o’clock when I got back home. My mom was glad to have me home safely. She always worried if I went out. She didn’t say anything but I knew it. I told Mom that I had really good times with my friends and Mom was happy to hear that. I was on the phone another two hours to unfinished journey we had. Time flew away that day.

I didn’t think that was the last trip with my friends at that time. Even if I know it was the last, I wouldn’t had more fun. I moved to US in the middle of June. I was so busy to get things for new life in US after all. I still have in touch with those friends. I got many picture of those happy memories and I still have smile on my lips just think it over. It is so precious to have someone to fill one’s life with. I am so thankful that I have many friends to fill my life with and I wouldn’t let lose them.

*****
Memories of the Failing Dreams
Phoebe Chen

The moonlight outside the window was faded by the clouds, light-volt continuous drizzle the glass, then rolled down a stand. Rainwater was run over by the wheels, issued shabby sound. Rare rain replaced the snow gently falling, like Gilda's tears in the Anderson's story--it can melted the frozen heart. Snow more tenderness than the rains. Light heartedly thought the ground, then lays like a cat, quietly waiting for spring. 

The first time I saw snow is when I came to the United States. It was a very quiet morning, the earth bedding with the white carpet, it was the traces of snow last night. Dawn rises, according to the Rochester's park. Cold air was filled with the fragrance in the forest, deer trail disappeared in the bushes, and everything is silent. Only the winds stroking the branches rustled lightly.
I like the feeling of walking on the snow, like wandering in the soft clouds, dreamy and romantic. I hold a handful of clouds, leaned it to my nose and smell the life extend in the winter air from the refreshing dreams.

Suddenly I feel something drop down on my face. I felt it softly, then it melted on my fingertips. I opened my eyes. It’s snowing!

Snow seems tenderer than rain. Heartedly light, it falls on the ground, then lays like a cat, quietly waiting for the spring.

This snow must have some fantasy magic that can make people fascinated, I thought.

As the time pasted, the snowflakes gradually increased, very magnificent. God used the purest way to show the grand winter view. This stunning scene makes my tears shed down.

“I bring the snowboard, that’s play!” said Uncle James.

I rode on the snowboard and washed down from the hill. The wind directly in my face, I seemed to be flying in the sky, above the clouds, passing through the meteor shower.

Some naughty shooting stars blurred my sight. Suddenly, a vast expanse of whiteness covered me. I sank into a dreaming place which is soft, fluffy and ice-cold. I pause for a few second then get up from the snow pile.

We celebrated Christmas at Uncle James’ house that night. Outside the window, the snow kept failing. I make some wishes before going to bed. Maybe there’s someone doing the same thing at the same time. How many dreams are inside those gorgeous dreams? As the neutering suffering destruction, can our posterity see these scenes? When the snow is no longer peaceful, what will await us in the future?

Back from Rochester, friend asked me about the novelty things in that trip. I talked about the Museum, the Cathedral, Christmas Eve and the endless snow. But I hide a little secret—I once used a peculiar posture embracing the breathtaking snow land.*****
“Six Flags”
Hyesun Kang

I had been in US many times to see my mom’s parents in New Jersey.  I always happy to visit my grandparents.  But this time my family go to Georgia recommend by my aunt.  I was excite to visit other country.  I wandering the place Georgia how wonderful there will be.  I little upset I can’t see my grandparent but it same U.S so I can see my grandparents later.  I thought I knew about US, but Georgia is a different place.  It’s so hot and hard to see bus, or walking people on the road. I feel be boiling hot.  The was so heated that all people had a high color.  Since we moved to Georgia from Korea, the first place for joy was Six Flag.

We didn’t have any plan to go, but my aunt wanted to go with us before she went back to Korea.  Mom bought the tickets on internet and it was easy to admission.  I had never been in an amusement park in US.  Mom said, “You will be surprised.  You will see the greater scale than the one in Korea.”  I thought it wouldn’t much difference.  I thought mom was exaggerating.

Six Flags was really a big place.  We were concentrated on its map to pick out some rides because we didn’t think we could ride all of them.  But none of us had been in Six Flag.  We tried many rides as we could.  Adults didn’t want to ride so I was take a children around.  I am scared of height, but nobody know I was.  We children were in the line of wooden roller coaster.  My heart was pounding, but I pretended I was calm.  I thought I can feel lots of excitement in the amusement park.  But I change my mind when before ride.  I whispered to my sister, “I don’t want to ride.  Can you take them without me?”  My sister applied, “It’s not that high.  It will be done before you know it.  Don’t be silly.”  She didn’t want to go without me.

The roller coaster was my big challenge.  My voice was shaking despite all my efforts to control it.  “Everybody ready to ride?  Anyone wants to give it up?  I knew she would mock me after all.

I watched the people ahead of us screaming at the top of the line.  I was scared by them but I can’t express because my cousin was between me she is 10year old.  She was brave more than me I don’t want my cousin see I scared.  I was staring it with wide opened eyes.  I couldn’t hear anything but my heartbeat.  I was so nervous.  I couldn’t stand on my foot.  But there wasn’t an exit.  When I rode the ride, I felt it went endlessly.  I felt it could reach up to heaven.  I couldn’t open my eyes until it stopped where I started.  As my sister told me, it was over so quickly.  I did it.  I vanquished my fears of height.  I was so proud myself, but I wouldn’t take another ride.

We were looking for tasty lunch besides burgers.  There were Panda Express.  We loved Chinese food.  We ate orange chicken, beef broccoli and noodles.  It wasn’t tasty as we expected, but we ate them all.  When I ate Panda Express I Miss New Jersey because my grandparents bought me Chinese food many times.  

My aunt loves to buy thigs.  She collects souvenir everywhere she went.   What did she want this time?  She bought Batman T-shirts and a Batgirl one-piece dress.  She bought same thing for us but we didn’t think we could wear them.  It’s not shame to wear souvenir T-shirts, but we didn’t like it.   We did our appreciation to aunt, “Thank you very much.”
We arrived at the park its opening time.  We stayed nine hours to take rides.  We couldn’t stay longer.  I felt like I was an oldster.  I couldn’t beat her energy.  I was exhausted. 

On the way back home, I tried to be awaken.  However, I could hardly keep my eyes open.  I felt so sorry for mom that I fell asleep.  She would tried as much as I was.  She drove us home safely.  I wouldn’t go again, but I was glad to overcome my acrophobia.  I had some memories with my, dad before he went back to Korea.  I was surprised the great scale of rides of Six Fag as mom told me.

*****

A Boy
Shuai Feng

The police whistle vibrated New York’s morning. A red, Ford car drive fronts these police cars. Their laugh came out from widows. Then, the car turns right at the third block. Police cars all follow turn right blocked the exit.

It’s an alley. Police J and partner police Y got off the car and pull out the pistols. Use eyes transmitted information. Moved together toward the red car. Other policemen were waiting for arrest evildoer.

The car’s doors both were opened. Stench smell out of the car. And loud rock music still turns on. It likes evildoers are ridiculing them. On the ground, have many dollar bills. Police Y looked backward waved left hand let other policemen follow them. Police J moved carefully toward that car, until he didn’t find evildoers in the car or around here in 10 feet. He pulled back pistol. Other policemen come took the proof.

“Mewl, mewl, mewl…” The sound from thirty meters away the car.

Police Y heard it, pull pistol quickly and said loudly. “Who is over here? Put your hands behind you head and come out.”

All policemen heard worn all pay attention to that Police Y point direction. He step by step moved toward that sound.  It’s from the trash can. Police Y aimed it and moved instantly to the right side of it. It’s a boy. He used hands covered his eyes to cried.

Police J came to Police Y and whispered to him. “Maybe, he saw the evildoers and feared. Let him make a report and go a safety place.”

Police Y nodded. Two policemen took the boy made a report and let him go. When the boy leaves, he still cries. But, in his face has a simile appear corner of mouth.

*****
The Search
Alexandra Silva

There is one dog in my house. She is always in the kitchen, exactly on the same corner, next to the door that takes you to the backyard. My heart allows me to stay in front of her two minutes on the sixteenth hour of every day.

The day approached. Perfect morning to play in the backyard, it was ten o’clock when I was with my puppy enjoying the sun light. She loves when I run behind her to try to take her with me. A few minutes later I left her alone, opened the door, took my shoes off and went to look for some food.

Suddenly I returned, opened the backyard door and the usual chain that was holding my puppy was broken; my eyes could not be bigger by the impression. I screamed her name, looked some clues, and asked my neighbors.

“Excuse me ma’am. I’m Belen; did you saw a black dog walked by this way?”

“No, I’m sorry”.

“You are sure? Is a Rottweiler, her name is Shania.

“No, but if I see her I’m going to text you”.

No one could help me. My heart was paralyzed, the hours passed, I thought that I would never see my dog. The sadness invaded my spirit, imagined my life without her. It was two o‘clock in the afternoon when I called the police and everybody said me that I needed to take calm.
But all that changed when a message arrived to my cellphone; one of my neighbors saw a dog walking through the park. I ran the faster as possible. When I arrived to the park, a pool of water had my puppy’s attention. She was so happy that she couldn’t see my concern. She smiled, licked my shoes and everything was in the past.

*****
Limits of Space and Mind
Hitoshi Akiyama

His mind does not have limits.

It was on hot summer day that a scientist finished making a spaceship. He and his assistant departed for the ultimate limits of space. They traveled space over 3 years. They talked about many things. The scientist told about when he got interest in space. Then they arrived at the destination, but it was not the limit. His dream did not come true, but he was not sad, and rather he laughed like a child. His assistant had known that the scientist have spending his all life, so he asked the scientist, “Are you disappointed?” He denied with shaking his head. “The world charms me infinity. I am happy because I could know it.” He tapped his assistant’s back by crumple hand. “My interests do not have the limits, but my life has limits, so I want to leave my dream travel to you.” His assistant smiled and nodded.

It was on cool spring day, a man started working to reach space limit with an assistant.

*****

Sherlock Holmes
Christ Frank
I got a persuasive and interesting call five years later after my graduation and my bachelor’s degree in criminology at Oxford, it was from the FBI in Atlanta GA. I got a plane in the first class to America in order to investigate the awful and unbelievable Gatsby’s murder. I have to admit that I was nervous but excited at the same time because I was about to investigate such as delicate and serious murder case of one of the most famous and richest businessmen around the world, being my first experience as a detective in a foreign country. 

I was preparing myself, I knew that I had to find out the truth about this particular and unique case but most important focusing on who the killer was. I started to build in my mind a series of questions that could lead me to figure out what really happened. But when I figure out I was already walking through the now gray and black streets of downtown Atlanta in the middle of winter. Accompanied with a tenacious frosty breeze sticking on my now white coat, making me feel different and unknown in this world but ready to demonstrate who Sherlock Holmes really is.

*****

Prince Louis
Danyah Iqbal

I called out
As he rode
His horse
Into the sunset.
His short 
Beautiful 
Blonde hair.
He started 
Slowing down,
When we stopped
We tided a rope 
From the horses 
To the trees.
“Here we are”
Staring at me.
He laid a mat
And took a basket out.
We stared
Into each other’s eyes
He tells me I’m
Beautiful.
As we started 
To eat 
The amazing 
French bread.
We heard
People
They were 
Coming closer
We hid
Behind a tree
But our 
Horses were
Sticking out
So we weren’t 
Hidden that well.
It was the 
Royal guards
“Can I help
You with something?”
The prince said
The guards looked 
At each other
And suddenly
Grabbed the prince
“nooo” I cried 
“it’s ok”
Let them
I deserve it.
I will never 
Love again
I told myself. 

*****

The Darkness in the Light
Shuai Feng

Governor of this Kingdom.
Authority under one person,
And above thousand people.
The king’s saver,
I feel glorious and sorrowful.
Thirty years old, 
Royal family come to my town.
Princes were picnicking, King was hunting.
Both were enjoy the environment.
I’m peasants’ son.
Work with family in the field.
The sun move west slowly,
The sky became dusty.
A deer come out from grove,
After deer were wolves, 
After wolves was King. 
They run for alive, run for prey.
Deer was panic,
Wolves were hungry,
King was enjoyable,
Only I was worried.
 I’m not worry about myself,
I worry that little child --prince
Nobody saw him here,
Nobody know his future.
Only I saw him, 
Only I may change his life.
I ran toward to him and put down.
Meanwhile, the screeches from my back
I turn back my head 
It’s from my parents.
They protected me from died.
The deer’s feed tread on their bodies,
The wolves’ pawed their skin.
Only the king stopped here and took care of us.
I looked at my parent and cried
King looked at me and my parent’s corpse 
Let soldiers buried theirs,
And took me with Prince together back palace
Until now.

*****
Monologue from Monaco
Tom Kastoryano

I was 12 years old. The old town of Monaco was as quiet as a ghost. My family and I were upstairs playing cards. My mom used to always win. The only time I won was because I cheated. This day was as usual as it could be. Nothing happened, but then, as soon as we finished up our game, we heard a sound downstairs. Something that usually never happens when we were upstairs. 

My father went down to check, nothing happened. My mom went to check in other rooms. She never came back to tell us if something happened. I started to worry. My father and I went to check in other rooms too. I thought my mom went outside the house to check what the noise was. I was downstairs with my father waiting for a signal or any knowledge about where my mother is at. Then suddenly we saw a shadow outside the house, running. My father told me to stay, but as soon as he left I followed him quietly. Outside the house I saw my father standing and yelling a person to stop running while the person was holding a bag on his back.

“Stop right now or bad things will happen!” my father said.	

“Why should I do that?” the person asked.

My father didn’t know what to say after. He ran towards the man and stabbed him to not escape with the bag full of our properties. Which was a very small amount back then. My father used a machete, one of the most lethal weapons back then. The man fell to the ground. He was bleeding from his chest, when my father stood right next to him and asked him:

“Why would you do that? “ The man replied by saying:

“I’m sorry for you.” 

I didn’t understand what he meant by saying that. But after a minute it hit me. Both my father and I, so he started running back to the house. I stayed near the man for couple minutes. He bled to death and died. I took our properties and went back into the house. I heard sobbing. I went to the bathroom, there I saw my father laying down, with a body next to it. My mother to be more specific. Blood was all over the room. On the walls, the floor, and even the sinks and showers. She was slaughtered by the man. Her throat was open, I almost threw up from seeing this. As my father kept laying there. I thought about running outside and doing what the man have done to my mother, but it was too late. As I grabbed the machete and ran outside I saw at least 5 neighbors near the man’s body. 

I started crying, I fell on the ground. People knew I wasn’t crying over the man, they knew something happened to one of my family members. The only thing they didn’t know was that my mother is dead.
*****

Curious Incident
Hitoshi Akiyama, Riku Araki, and Christ Frank

Act 1

Downtown Atlanta about midnight outside Gatsby’s mansion, there was a crowd fall of fear and sadness looking at the garden. It was Gatsby’s body. (one of the richest man in USA) He was killed tonight and it seems like somebody had killed him because there was a bullet incrusted into his chest. 

Mr. Henry: (enters quickly) what’s going on in here? Everyone get out of here. Oh my god! It’s Gatsby! We will need professional help! (enter all the police and closed the crime scene)

Mr. Henry: Give me my phone. (he asked nervously and scared to one of his officers) This is a case for Mr. Holmes. (he starts calling him)
       

 Mr. Holmes: I'm Sherlock Holmes a 30 years old man who graduated from Oxford at the age of 24. I have been investigating the most famous murder cases in all around the world. I wear always a black hat and a pipe with a long and old Mackintosh coat as part of my mysterious and sophisticated personality.


Mr. Holmes: Hello? Who is this? (with a mysterious voice)

Mr. Henry: I’m Henry. We were college friends Holmes! Do you remember? (surprised)

Mr. Holmes: Of course of course, but what’s going on? Why are you calling me too late Henry? (with a little anger)

Mr. Henry: There is a mysterious case of murder in here! (shooting)

Mr. Holmes: Oh really? Who was this time? (asking with no care)

Mr. Henry: Gatsby! The richest man in Atlanta!

Mr. Holmes: Damn! I have to help you with that and together find out who the murder is (with a strong and serious voice)

Mr. Henry: Thanks’ Mr. Holmes. I’ll be waiting for you.

Mr. Henry: My name is Henry. I'm a 25 years old man. My parents were killed when I was a child. So since then I have been working as an officer for the Atlanta police department, catching criminals every single day, and making sure to accomplish the law protecting my family, friends and all the innocent people in downtown. 

Act 2

Next cold morning at the central park, nobody in there except a man. He wears tailcoat. He is like a servant. Mr. Henry comes in the park and sits next him. They began to talk.

Mr. Jackson: I haven't see you in a while, Henry, do you remember me? We haven't see us since the high school graduation right?

Mr. Henry: Yeah that's true I have been so busy since I started working for the police department but how about you?

Mr. Jackson: Oh really? I'm Mr. Gatsby's servant, hey Why did you called last night? (said softly)

Mr. Henry: I’m sorry to call you early morning. But, I have some questions for you because you are Mr. Gatsby’s servant. 

Mr. Jackson: Of course, I will answer any questions. What do you want to ask me? (said worried)

Mr. Henry: At first, what did you do last night? (Doubtfully)

Mr. Jackson: I always was with Mr. Gatsby because you know I’m his servant. But, last night I was sleeping in the basement after I finished my work.

Mr. Henry: Who can prove it? (more doubtfully)

Mr. Jackson: No, but you know I never did that. We are friend! Trust me! (Shouting)

Mr. Henry:  I believe you didn’t do that, but Mr. Holmes said must ask to you some questions. When did you notice Mr. Gatsby was dead? 

Mr. Jackson: Every morning I bring breakfast to Mr. Gatsby's room and when I came in into his room I saw him on the floor

 Mr. Henry: Ok I noted it, well the next question is...

Mr. Holmes: (enter slowly walking) Good morning, Mr. Henry. How’s the investigating going?

Mr. Henry: I’m working on it, Mr. Holmes. Why are you come here?

Mr. Holmes: Oh, I’m just walking, Mr. Henry. Amm…Who is this? (Mysteriously)

Mr. Henry: This is Mr. Jackson. He is Mr. Gatsby’s servant.

Mr. Jackson: I’m Aiden Jackson. How are you doing, Mr. Holmes? 
Mr. Holmes: Good, Mr. Jackson. Where were you yesterday night?

Mr. Jackson: I had slept in the basement. Mr. Gatsby gave a room for me.

Mr. Holmes: Mmm…Mr. Henry told me Mr. Gatsby lay down on ground because he was shot by gun. Didn’t you really hear anything Mr. Jackson?

Mr. Jackson: I always worked early morning to late night. I really was tired every single day. So I fell deep asleep last night. Also, I was in the basement. Mr. Gatsby died in his room. That’s 3rd floor. It might not hear if someone shot by gun. So, I didn’t hear anything. (said strongly)

Mr. Holmes: Hmm. (quite confused) we will be in touch with you Mr. Jackson.

Mr. Henry and Holmes walked away into the grayness cold weather and Mr. Jackson stayed there.

Mr. Jackson: Why Mr. Holmes doubts me? I seem to be murder in this situation. But I slept last night. I cannot believe they are investigating me. 


Act 3

At the police station, Mr. Henry and Holmes are working in the investigation.

Mr. Holmes: You know what my friend; I think Mr. Jackson knows something about this murder case.

Mr. Henry: I don’t think so, I know him and he is a pretty good man sir. (said surely)

Mr. Holmes: Mmm… Maybe maybe but I’m really concerned about him. (said confused)

Mr. Henry: But he was sleeping, so there is no way that he could have done something.

Mr. Holmes: It could be so we need to find more proves Mr. Henry. (said seriously)

Mr. Henry: Well I’ll continue working Mr. Holmes, maybe you will know that he didn’t kill Mr. Gatsby because I really know Mr. Jackson and He has been such a good man in his life.
 Have a good night.

Mr. Holmes:  You too. Henry, you too. (said sarcastic)

Mr. Holmes drives to Gatsby’s mansion in order to find out more proves.

Mr. Holmes: (He got into his Mercedes and goes directly to Gatsby's mansion, he walks around the house and he enters through the back door. At the end of the house there is a secret door, he opened it and finds an old basement so he walks downstairs where he finds some old and almost destroyed pictures with a small black gun on them) 

Mr. Holmes: (He immediately gets out of there and goes to his house outside downtown and analyzes the items all the night until the next day morning)

The next day at the police station, Mr. Holmes arrives earlier that he used to. 

Mr. Holmes: Mr. Henry! (Enters shouting) Look what I found (he takes a small plastic bag with some pictures and a gun)

Mr. Henry: Let me see (he takes the bag and goes to his office)

Mr. Holmes: (Enter to Henry’s office) I have been studying them all last night and I came to the conclusion that it is Mr. Jack’s staff, so…

Mr. Henry: I can’t believe it, oh my god! (Really surprised)

Mr. Holmes: Yes! Mr. Jackson was the murder that we are been looking for all this time! (said excited)

Mr. Henry: I have to admit that I was wrong Mr. Holmes, but we have to act as soon as possible and get that man behind the bars! (said enthusiastic) I’ll meet him tomorrow morning at Georgia Aquarium and we can get him!

At Georgia Aquarium around 12 o’clock p.m. Mr. Henry and Jackson meet each other at the entrance of the aquarium between a crowd of people.

(Mr. Jackson is sitting on bench, then Mr. Henry enter)

Mr. Jackson: What’s up, Henry? I don’t care you call me whenever, but why did you say come to the Georgia Aquarium? (said sarcastic)

Mr. Henry: I don’t have a reason, but I just want to say something to you. (said weakly)

Mr. Jackson: You don’t need to say that. I know what you will say. You already know I killed Mr. Gatsby, right? Also, I know Mr. Holmes is watching me somewhere. Come here. I don’t care if you arrest me. (said seriously)

(Mr. Holmes comes from the other side slowly)

Mr. Holmes: I got you, Mr. Jackson. You are arrested for Mr. Gatsby’s murder. (said plainly)

Mr. Jackson: Yes, I killed Mr. Gatsby! (shouting)

Mr. Henry: I never thought you killed somebody. You were such a good man! Why, why did you do that? (Said kind of angry or unbelievable)

Mr. Jackson: (sigh) Mr. Gatsby killed my family when I was 8 years old. I got car accident and my family, mom, dad, and sister died except me. I swear to this picture. I will revenge! But, I couldn’t find who did that until I served to Mr. Gatsby. Accidentally, I found an evidence he killed my family. He robbed everything from my life, so I got his live as compensation. This is my revenge! (said confidently)

Mr. Henry: I still cannot believe it. (Deception)

Mr. Jackson: I’m glad you to believe me. We were good friend when we were in high school. But, I just wanted to make justice myself!

Mr. Holmes: And I have to tell that another true in here is that now you are going to jail Mr. Jackson. (said seriously sarcastic)


Curtain Falls

*****
Romeo and Juliet
Sohel Ali, Ren Araki, Phoebe Chen, Shuai Feng, Danyah Iqbal, Tom Kastoryano, and Alexandra Silva

CAST CHARACTERS
ROMEO                         Lower noble
JULIET                         Mario mother’s maids and Romeo’s love
PRINCESS                    King’s daughter
MARIO                         Governor’s son
GOVERNOR                King’s savior 
KING                            Maximum power of the empire
QUEEN                         King’s wife
SECRET MAN             Murder
SERVANT A                Work for Juliet
SERVANT B                Work for Juliet
SERVANT C                Work for Princess
SERVANT D                Work for Romeo and Governor



CONTENTS
Cast of Characters
Act 1
Scene 1……………………………………………. 1
Scene 2……………………………………………. 2
Scene 3……………………………………………. 4
Scene 4……………………………………………. 5
Scene 5……………………………………………. 7
Act 2
Scene 1……………………………………………. 8
Scene 2……………………………………………. 10
Scene 3
Act 3
Scene 1
Scene 2
Scene 3
Scene 4




Act 1
Scene1
GOVERNOR: Your majesty, you loyal servant is coming. 
(King stand balcony look at his town, hear Governor's voice turn back and said.)
KING: My dear friend, are you busy, recently? (The "busy" may change to a new word)
GOVERNOR: Thank you for you caring of me. You bless make me stronger.
KING: Governor, you follow me a long time.
From thirty years ago, you save me from the Death. 
Playing with me and helping me steady my empire.
You are so "meritorious".
GOVERNOR: That’s my honored, king. 
(The Queen is coming and tries talk with King about Princess' marriage contact. Governor is moved back a little bit and quietly for waiting.)
Queen: Good afternoon, Mr. Governor. (Simile)
GOVERNOR: Good afternoon, Queen (she may have named)
(Queen Simile and nod for him, then talk with king)
Queen: Oh, my king. Are you enjoying this scene?
KING: My Queen, this scene is beautiful. Why don't I enjoy it?
QUEEN: My king, you are so leisurely. 
But, I was so distraught.
Duke Berbom, Duke Chivarl and Marquis William 
They all give me a petition of marriage contact. 
They are all powerful noble in our empire. 
KING: What? Princess is my only daughter.
They want to marry her and never ask my before.
They all are powerful noble,
But I am a King of this empire.
And I also have the Governor,
He's my savior, friend and family.
From this time, my daughter will marry his son.
QUEEN: My king, you need consider it
You cannot make decision causal.
KING: That decision is consider from long time ago,
Right now, I perform it.
Governor, you back home to prepare marries Princess.
GOVERNOR: My king, you need listen to Queen consider it.
KING: My friend, I don't need think it again.
If you don't follow me, you won't be my friend again.
GOVERNOR: Thank you, my king.

Scene 2
Mario and Juliet meet at the royal garden.

MARIO:  Servant who is the charming lady picking the flowers?

SERVANT D:  She is Lady Juliet my lord. She is one of your mother’s maids. She comes here every morning to pick flowers for your mother’s dressing.

MARIO: Oh I see, she indeed should be covered with flowers.

SERVANT D:  Some people say she is the brightest light in Fransis. Rumors say that even if sun hides his face she can give light from her beauty. 

MARIO:  Stay here and don't you dare follow me.
(Mario went to Juliet)

MARIO:  Please accept this greeting from this humble man young lady. (Offering a rose to Juliet)

JULIET:  Thank you for kindness Noble Prince.

MARIO: Mario, please call me Mario, there is no need for you to call me Prince.

JULIET:  My lord, you are crown prince of this nation. How could I not address you Prince? Calling you by your name will be against the royal family.

MARIO: Not if we are friends?

JULIET:  Friends? But we just met and we hardly knew each other.

MARIO:  Hmm, not to worry. Would you mind to join me for a supper this evening then? That way we would be able to know each other and be friends.
(Servant came running)

SERVANT D: Pardon me sir, but you had a meeting with your father this evening and you don't want to miss that.

MARIO: Shut up Pablo! I am trying to have a conversation here, you salve. So, where were we, yeah can you joining me for the supper this evening my lady. 

JULIET:  I am afraid that will not be possible, and you must not miss your father’s meeting today.

MARIO: May I ask why my lady?

JULIET:  You don’t know but there is someone who is waiting for me. And I don't want to make him wait.

MARIO: May I ask who is this fella?

JULIET:  He is my noble husband, my lord. He will be waiting for me.

MARIO: Your husband? What’s this lucky person’s name?

JULIET:  Romeo my lord. We were tested by both hell and heaven, to stay together and we succeeded.

MARIO: How relevant. I’m really glad to hear that. But if you change your mind please do come at the palace, I will be waiting for you and please do bring your Romeo too; I will be honored to meet such luck man by myself. Farewell lady Juliet.

JULIET:  Farewell, noble Mario.

Scene 3
MARIO: Ooh dad! What have you done?
Why shall I marry the princess!
Because I’m not in love with her anymore!
GOVERNOR: please Mario just stop, one day you're trying to kiss the princess and the next one you don’t have want to mention her name?
What kind of person are you?
Women are not kind of property!
Especially, she is the King’s daughter.
MARIO: I know, I know but dad! I think I found my true love!
GOVERNOR: And who shall it be?
MARIO: Juliet, her name is Juliet.
She is as beautiful as the sun. And shining like a diamond.
GOVERNOR: oh please don’t say another word about her or I’ll put you in the cage.
Why would you think of her that way?
She comes from a poor family and she is probably as stupid as a mouse.
MARIO: she is smarter than you think she is.
I wouldn’t love someone without knowledge.
GOVERNOR: I know you wouldn’t son.
But you need to understand that the princess as smart as you. 
And the King wants her to marry you. We were even arguing about where it should be.
MARIO: You did what?
Why would you even think about that?
I haven’t told you about the princess and you already got to a conclusion that I love her why would anyone think that way just by one kiss?
GOVERNOR:  I was and I still am trying to give you the best of the best!
And by you saying those words about Juliet makes me throw up.
By now I am not sure if you actually desire the princess.
MARIO: What if the princess doesn’t love me? 
Would you really let me? 
Your son to marry someone I don’t love and she don’t love me either? 
Your action will not head for any good.
GOVERNOR: You know what, that’s enough! 
I am tired of you trying to change my thoughts. 
These thoughts weren’t only mine. 
They were also the King thoughts. 
So cut the words and listen to me. You will marry the princess and that will be end of the story. Now get away from me get some rest.
MARIO: fine whatever you say. Maybe you won’t see me again.
(Mario slams the door)

Scene 4
In the Royal garden.
(Governor, Mario, King and Princess are having the afternoon tea party.)
KING: May you and your son can enjoy this cozy afternoon.
GOVERNOR: Your majesty, of course we will. Everything here is magnificent and impeccable.
KING: Mario, how do you feel about my garden? My daughter really like those flowers.
MARIO: Your majesty, these flowers are the only things that can comparable with her royal highness.
PRINCESS: Thank you for your kindness.
MARIO: Your highness, do I have the honor to be able to pour you a cup of tea?
PRINCESS: Sure, I'm appreciating it.
MARIO: Are this rose field as pretty as your childhood's?
PRINCESS: Umm, almost same but they add more varieties.
Like this one,” Our Lady of Guadalupe ". 
It's the newest variety we've introductions, and that one......
(She sees Romeo and Juliet coming to the garden.)
MARIO: Your highness?
PRINCESS: (Drink some tea)
Sorry for forgot my manners.
KING: My dear friends, did you enjoy your day?
GOVERNOR AND ROMEO: It's the best afternoon tea party we ever had.
KING: The sky’s getting darker, the night is coming closer. 
That's got into the palace; pleasure the lights burning through the night.
(All exit and Juliet turns back to the garden)
JULIET: Who is the guy that went into our garden this afternoon?
SERVANT: He's Romeo.
JULIET: Romeo? Such a good name. 
Why he is so handsome?
SERVANT: Yes, your highness.
His girlfriend Juliet is also pretty
PRINCESS: Juliet? Such a horrible name. That woman looks ugly, how can she be Romeo's girlfriend?
SERVANT: Yes, your highness. She's, she's ugly.
PRINCESS: Go away, as far as you can. I don't want to hear anything about that ugly old woman.
(Both exit)
Scene 5
Romeo and Juliet meet at Juliet's home
ROMEO: Hi Juliet I was waiting for you
JULIET: I'm sorry; I didn't realize that I was late
ROMEO: Don't worry
JULIET: A lot time that you came?
ROMEO: Just 20 minutes ago, where you were?
JULIET: I was collecting flowers
ROMEO: Did you there alone?
JULIET: No I was with Mario
ROMEO: With Mario?
JULIET: I mean I was alone but then I saw Mario
ROMEO: And what you did with him?
JULIET: We just talking
ROMEO: About?
JULIET: I don't remember...
ROMEO: Why?
JULIET: Are you ok?
ROMEO: I just wanted to know
JULIET: Mario just helped me with the flowers
ROMEO: (jealous tone) Ok
JULIET: Romeo you know that I love you
ROMEO: I love you too, but you talk too much with Mario
JULIET: Mario is my best friend but you know that you are my love
ROMEO: I'm sorry Juliet
JULIET: Is ok Romeo, but don't be jealous again please
(Romeo and Juliet huge each other).

Act 2
Scene 1
In queen's room
QUEEN: Magic mirror on the table, tell me now……
Why, why I'm so glamorous?
My nature beauty is too hard to hide.
(Princess runs into queen's room)
QUEEN: (Turn to the audiences).
OMG my daughter is coming!
I know what she's going to tell me,
I must take the action first.
PRINCESS: Oh, mom......
(Queen puts her left hand on princess's shoulder, stick an "X" on her mouth and smile.)
QUEEN: My dear daughter, 
prettiest girl in the world.
We are preparing your wedding with Mario.
I married with your father when I was in your age.
You are as pretty as the booming roses,
Mario is the sunshine purring in the garden,
illuminated your beauty,
gloried our kingdom.
Oh, Mario is such a charming gentleman, 
Romeo is a septic tank to him: 
undisciplined, uneducated, immoral, and no ambition.
Forget that bumpkin,
your lovely finance is waiting for you.
One of these days, 
I'm going to lie in the coffin.
You and Mario will walk hand in hand (holds the princess's hand),
Lead our country to a brighter future (point to the sky).
PRINCESS: 
(Shake off her hand and take off the "X" then scream.)
No! I.......
QUEEN: (Interrupt her)
Oh, no, what's happened to my ears? 
My eyes! I can't see! 
I'm going to die! Ugh! 
(Shaming faint)
PRINCESS: She's crazy, why is everyone so crazy?
No, there must be something wrong! 
Romeo, where are you?
I miss you so much...... (Squat down)
(Both exit)

Scene 2
PRINCESS: servant, servant 
SERVANT: yes ma’am what can I help you with today
PRINCESS: can you keep a secret
SERVANT: yes…
PRINCESS: I have a small plan to poison Juliet so Romeo can be mine because I love him so much
SERVANT: are you sure Princess, that's a bit too much don't you think
(Princess interrupts the servant)
PRINCESS: don’t tell me what’s harsh oh and do me one more favor, go find the secret man
SERVANT: but ma’am he lives out of town and in the caves, it will take a whole day just to get there
PRINCESS: that's why you will need food and water. The maid packed a bag for you, you will have everything you need in there.
SERVANT: ok (he said nervously)
(Servant exits)
(Servant enters the secret man’s layer)
SECRET MAN: who enters my lair?  
SERVANT: it is I the servant of the Princess
SECRET MAN: what brings you here?
SERVANT: the princess sent me here to tell you about the plan she has
SECRET MAN: and what’s that
SERVANT: she wants you to help her poison Juliet because she wants Romeo to love her and not Juliet
SECRET MAN: ok, let’s go
(They both exit the secret man’s lair)
(They enter the princess's castle)
SERVANT: knock
PRINCESS: come in, aaaaa secret man I’m glad you could make it, please sit down
SECRET MAN: so ma’am I heard that you want to poison Juliet
PRINCESS: yes indeed I do
SECRET MAN: I will help but will all due respect what's in it for me 
PRINCESS: well actually I’m glad you asked, I have a whole bag of golden coins you can buy want ever in the world you want
SECRET MAN: I’m in. let's kill Juliet.
(They all smile devilishly)    

Scene 3
SECRET MAN: Mario my friend how can I help you sir?
MARIO: I have a quest for you. And your talents of sneaking will have to be shown
SECRET MAN: What quest will it be in?
MARIO: Your mission will be of sneaking into Romeo, the peasant of England. Put an end for his life. He shall not see a light anymore.
SECRET ENEMY: Why shall I do that sir putting an end for his life will open bad taste in the air?
MARIO: The reason for that is my love Juliet! She was taken by Romeo’s hurt. Killing him shall give me the chance to get her have bade.
SECRET MAN:  Sir putting end to Romeo’s heart lite will break Juliet’s heart and tear apart from inside. Is that the consequence you want happening to her.
MARIO: No, absolute not! After this death she will look for someone to protect her. She will need me as her savior. If something happen to her. I don’t know how I will think of myself. So I will make sure it never happens to her!
SECRET MAN: As you were talking an idea come in my mind, we should let Romeo die and take out his light. We shall white a letter to Juliet from us. In the letter we will say that her lover left her for good, as she read it. That will cause her to lose control. But then you will be there to help her.
MARIO: What should I tell her when my arrival has to come?
SECRET MAN: What comes in your mind sir? Your magic of word will make her in love with.
MARIO: Don’t lie to me, if I would have magic in my words. I would have a wife already.
SECRET MAN: I shall be sorry sir. I would never lie or underestimate you. Get my apology if you don’t mind.
MARIO: Apology accepted. Besides that, your plan shall work. If not, that means I am not worthy to Juliet. And I will end up marring the princess. I’d rather poison myself then marrying her.  
SECRET MAN: That plan should work. I shall not be your server anymore. Killing me will be the right choice.
MARIO: It will work, I trust your skills.

Scene4
Romeo and Secret man fight.
SECRET MAN: Hello, Mr. Romeo.
ROMEO: Hi. Oh….. Who are you?
SECRET MAN: You don’t care it. I have a work. Maybe, I….. No. I must not say it to you. 
ROMEO: What? What do you say?
JADE: You should know this. I will kill Juliet.
ROMEO: What’s? Why?
SECRET MAN: I said. It is my work. I have been ordered it.
ROMEO: Who!! Who gave you the order!
SECRET MAN: Of course I can’t say.
ROMEO: Why do you tell it to me?
SECRET MAN: Because I want to see human’s heart, and its strength!
ROMEO: How to stop you to kill Juliet.
SECRET MAN: Of course you should kill me! Mr. Romeo, Show your love’s strength!” 
(Attack on Romeo and they start to fight).
SECRET MAN: I’m sorry. I don’t want to kill you, but I should finish my work.” and Jade stubs Romeo.
ROMEO: Juli…..e…..t…..
(Romeo Die)
SECRET MAN: Romeo, you are strongest person in my life I’ve ever met. The strength is not skill of sword. It is your heart. You can’t listen to my word, but I say to you. Thank you to show human’s heart’s strength.
(Secret man exit.)

Act 3
Scene 1
The Romeo was killed by secret men.  Let him on the ground. Next morning, Juliet is coming to Romeo’s house.
JULIET: Oh, no. My love Romeo, what happen to you?
How nice you are. Love other people more than yourself.
How worse it is.
You lie here, leave me alone.
Oh, my love, who let you leave me?
(She cried for ten seconds)
My love doesn’t run too far. I will find that murder,
And accompany with you.
(Servant A and B hear Juliet cried and came)
SERVANT A: Ma’am, what are you crying?
Oh, my God. What wrong you with Romeo?
(Juliet keep cry, doesn’t care what servant said)
Ma’am we need look for king to help.
(Then servant A and B took Romeo’s body go to palace)
Scene 2
Servant A and B took Romeo’s body to palace, Juliet is cry stand next to Romeo’s body, then King, Governor, Princess and Mario come out.
KING: Today is a good day for hunting, I want to go east village.
Would you like follow me?
(Before they answer the king, they saw a body lie front of them. After one second later, King also looks at that body).
Who put the corpse front my way?
It’s so terrible.
JULIET: Hollow, it’s me. My love Romeo was killed by someone.
My King, you need help me!
KING: Oh, my citizen. I know you are sorrow. I may help you.
Governor, you need to save this problem.
Can you give her the answer?
GOVERNOR: My king, I can do it.
JULIET: Thank you.


Scene 3
(Princess back to her home)
PRINCESS: oh Romeo how did this happened? 
Why are you lying dead before me? Who did this to you?
You were the only person who ever made me happy and now you are gone. 
You were taken away from me, I must know who did this. 
Oh dear servant come here please.
SERVANT: yes my lady, you called.
PRINCESS: please servant you must find the secret man immediately, I must talk to him privately we have a lot to discuss.
SERVANT: yes ma’am I will be back shortly.
Princess: good, hurry
(Servant exits the graveyard)

(Servant enters the secret man’s layer)
SECRET MAN: A…a. What brings you here servant of the fair princess.
SERVANT: Oh secret man it's terrible the plan went all wrong
SECRET MAN: Oh did it now 
SERVANT: The Princess is devastated, she must speak with you at once  
SECRET MAN: Ok but we must hurry (he smiled devilishly)
(They both exit)
PRINCESS: You made it I was getting worried that you wouldn't make it in time. Oh secret man what went wrong, the plan was perfect.
SECRET MAN: it was my fault Mario is a friend of mine and he asked me to kill Romeo.
 
Scene4 
GOVERNOR: Tell me everything, don't lie to me.
(Point to the secret men)

SECRET MEN: Things just like what've you know.
I killed Romeo.

GOVERNOR: Why you killed him?
(Louder than the first line)

SECRET MEN: I was be hired by Mario.

GOVERNOR: So, you mean my son order you to kill Mario?

SECRET MEN: Yes, I was hired by the princess at first, she wants me to kill Juliet. But Mario gave me much more money.

GOVERNOR: That’s all?

SECRET MEN: I told you everything, can you release me now?

GOVERNOR: Of course not. If someone knows that my dear son killed Romeo,
What will happen?

SECRET MEN: I swear I won't tell anybody.

GOVERNOR: Kill him now.

SECRET MEN: No, no, no, please, don't do this! Don't kill me please! No!
(Secret men die)

GOVERNOR: Clean his body. Now no one will know this. 
Scene 5
KING: Tomorrow, it's a big day for us. 
Our children will marry each other.
GOVERNOR:  Yes, my king. But I find some problems, 
Before they got marry I want to tell you.
KING: What are you find problems?
GOVERNOR: I find the murder that kills Romeo was ordered by Princess.
(Governor quietly stand wait for King's answer. King makes deeper breath and said).
KING: Have someone know this thing except you? 
GOVERNOR:  My king, nobody knows just my workers.
KING: Don't let this news spread. 
You go to Juliet’s house and tell her you don't find that murder.
And their marriage continues to do.
GOVERNOR: My king, I will to do.
(Governor goes to Juliet’s house and tells her the news)
(Governor knocks the door.)
Governor: Juliet, are you here?
(Juliet was crying on the table, when she hear Governor, get up quickly to ready governor give her a good news)
JULIET: Governor, I am here.
(She opens the door)
GOVERNOR: Juliet, I am sorry. I don't find the murder who kill you love Romeo.
JULIET: What?! My love Romeo. Who killed you?
I cannot help you to guide that person,
But I can walk with you. Wait for me.
(Juliet takes a knife for killing herself. Governor saw this don't say anything, wave his hand let the servant clean her body and leave)
Scene 6

(King went to Princess's room)
KING: my daughter, are you here?
PRINCESS: Yes, father.  
(Princess open door)
KING: My daughter, do you know Romeo 
Before we saw his corpse?
PRINCESS: Yes, I know. Father, why do you ask me this question?
(King stand up and talk to himself, “That’s truth")
Father? Are you listening to me?
(King turn instantly back face Princess)
KING: You should know that, my daughter.
 Governor had find some clues,
Show you are the murder who kill Romeo.
Is that truth or not? Tell me.
(Princess stand here and say nothing.  King saw she doesn't deny it, it was truth. He stands up and goes. Before he leaves Princess' room, he say)
KING: I know the answer from you.
You are my only child, I will save you.

Next day, Mario and Princess marry in the church.  Mario stand front of Priest and watch his wife Princess.
PRIEST: Today, I am a witness of their marriage. Princess and Mario, Your relationship with mum and dad has been okay?
PRINCESS AND MARIO: Yes, father.
PRIEST: Has suffering been part of your experience in life to date?
PRINCESS AND MARIO: Yes, father.
PRIEST: Are you sure you can be faithful to you husband or wife?
PRINCESS AND MARIO: Yes, we are. Father.
PRIEST: Do you have any fears or worries about marriage?
PRINCESS AND MARIO: No, we don't.
PRIEST: Do you have any questions?
PRINCESS AND MARIO: No, we don't.
PRIEST: I declare: Ms. Princess and Mr. Mario are marriage.
*****

"As Uncomplicated the Verb to Love"
Sofia A. Ribeiro

Love is simple as a touch of hands, 
Love does not obey rules or chronological order, 
Love does not come with goals or with conditions,
The love happens when you find someone who makes you love more,
And makes you the best you can be.


The love is not complicated,
It is not problem, it is always the solution. 
Love is not tomorrow or after, is now and it's all day.
The love is simple for who just want to love!

Love is not hurt or sadness,
Love does not measure the distance,
While the base is respect and complicity, 
The love can take the shape you want and go further than anyone imagined one day.

*****

"Cloud"
Riku Araki

During the twilight, 
I have looked at an alluring far cloud
And indulge in deep thought
Because you steal my heart.

I am always thinking about you,
But you don’t know that.
You don’t know how much I love you.

You are really accommodating,
But it hurts my heart.
You don’t care about me.
Such a cold girl.

How much I love you, I never reach you
Like that farther cloud.
You make me indulge in deep thought, 
And I am thinking about you.

*****
"Fall Evening"
Hitoshi Akiyama

I proceeded between trees aflame with red and yellow leaves.
I lay down on a hill and closed my eyes.

The insects singing,
The sound of flapping birds,
Cold wind shakes grasses.
I listen in silence.

Living in daylight everything falls asleep.
Living in night everything wakes up.

Fall’s low sun falls.
Orange sky turned black.
Beginning of world that we don’t know.

*****
"Fall Evening"
Hitoshi Akiyama

I proceeded between trees aflame with red and yellow leaves.
I lay down on a hill and closed my eyes.

The insects singing,
The sound of flapping birds,
Cold wind shakes grasses.
I listen in silence.

Living in daylight everything falls asleep.
Living in night everything wakes up.

Fall’s low sun falls.
Orange sky turned black.
Beginning of world that we don’t know.
*****

"Fall"
Shuai Feng

There is wind 
Moving around the platform
The ardent girl finished her dance
Waves her hands, 
Down the platform.
A remote lady comes up,
Continues with spectator.

She walks around
Remote make the platform cool
Walked way still has her scent.
Scent pass trees,
These men begin to be excited
Take off their clothes, 
Show their muscle 
All ready to dance with her.

The scent passed plants,
These young adults begin to shy,
Red face,
And lower the head. 
Bend their back, 
To invite the young lady.

The scent passes animals,
Some children begin sleeping.
Lazy lie and yawn, 
Wait for their idol.

The muscle men are all for her,
The young adults invite her,
The young adults invite her, 
The lady stops at the center of the platform
Begins singing and dancing with them.
Fall is starting.

*****
"Farewell"
Sofia A. Ribeiro

I was nine years old 
When he told me 
He had cancer,
I were in the car 
And in this moment, 

I did not hear anything more,
I did not see anything more,
I did not feel anything more,

I was in shock.
And the only thing that 
I remember is 
A vague memory 
Of him talking to me, 
Saying, 

Do not worry my daughter, 
I will be always with you,
No matter where I am.

*****

"Firework"
Ren Araki

Like a firework,
Scatter sparks of fire
for I do not disappear.
Do you remember I said to you,
“I should not have loved you.”

Like a firework,
Sonorous all over
for my name reaches to you.
Maybe you noticed my lie,
“I should not have loved you.”

Like a firework,
I make large brightly-colored flower in the night sky.
I have a word I want to say,
I go to meet you, so please listen carefully,
“I’m glad to have loved you.”

I will shine around the world,
Like a firework.

*****

"Fog Machine"
Pessi Lansirinne

I had always dreamed,
about my own
fog machine.
And then…
on one ordinary day,
the doorbell ringed.
There was my friends mom
With a big box.
And…
in that moment,
my dreams became true.
It was the most beautiful moment,
in my whole life.

I opened the box 
with my palsied hands.
I knew what was inside of it.
One moment  later there was fog 
everywhere,
in our huge house.
Firefighters came to visit us 
and everyone laughed.
Thanks for this awesome machine.

Fog machine is
a beautiful, foggy, cool, and sunny morning 
on weekend.
It’s all the rollercoasters in the world together.
It’s a best friend,
or a pet.
People ask me:
What do I do with fog machine?
What do I use it for?
I think it’s a wrong question.
The right one would be,
what can’t I do with my wonderful
fog machine?

*****
"Happiness Is"
Matthew Jeong

Happiness is

Having find to eat
When I am starving

Having a home to come back
In the evening time

Having clothes to wear
When I go out

Having a person to depend on
When things are hard

Having a song to sing like ‘La La La’
When I am lonely

Having an energy to rise up
When I fall down

Happiness is an indispensable thing.

*****
"I am on the way to go home"
Lucia Rutherfurd

I am on the way to go home,
I am walking all alone  
I am looking at the gray sky 
I holding the tears on my eyes,

I am on the way to go home, 
I can’t feel my hand, they’re cold
I can see how my hands are losing their color,  
It is the color that represents the dead soul,

I am on the way to go home, 
I try to regain my honor and hope
No one is next to me, 
I am on my own,

I am on the way to go home, 
My pride ends with the little love
What I had for this world
My shadow has like conviction
Stay with me forever,

I cannot walk anymore, 
I can feel the last beat of heart 
My legs cannot keep keeping me 
My knee is touching the cold floor, 
I give my last breath,
I saw my home,
And blink for the last time.

*****

"Ice Cream"
Danyah Iqbal

In front of me
White creamy
Delicious 
3 scoops 
Of ice-cream
I ran towards it,
It was calling
My name,
“Danyah, Danyah, Danyah”

It was literally
Speaking to me,
“Eat me, eat me, eat me”
I looked into the bowl
There it was
The sweet taste of happiness 

I reached out,
To the sphere
At my fingertips 
I grabbed it
The pink plastic dish
And there it was 
The pink basin
Finally,
At the palm 
Of my hands

I picked  
The shiny spoon up
Taking a mouthful 
Of ice-cream  
“mmmmmm” 
It was cold 
Gave me the chills

It was that
 Sweet soft sensation
Gently melted 
In my mouth
Slowly repeated the steps
Oh ice-cream,
I love you.*****
"Choosing America"
Christ Frank

I too sing America

I am the Latino brother.
They told me to work hard
While my family it’s too far.
I sorrow,
But I never give up.
And I stay solid like a rock.

Tomorrow
I’ll be the leader of the followers.
When my family comes,
Nobody will dare 
Say to me
“You are an immigrant.”

Besides,
They will see how strong and brave I’m
And be proud. 

I too am America.

*****
"Mosaic"
Ren Araki

I have another ‘I’.
I am white,
‘I’ am black.
We are contrast.

I always help someone.
I am like a pigeon.
I always tamper someone.
I am like a crow.

I hate ‘I’,
‘I’ hate I.
I think you are not me.
‘I’ am sad to see me.

I notice ‘I’ am me.
‘I’ am my back.
I said ‘I’ am me.
‘I’ said I am ‘me’.
‘I’ smiled and vanish.
I could be true I.

*****
"My Day"
Alexandra Silva

I wake up with the nature
who says me good morning,
I open my eyes
 and I’m grateful
for a new day.

The day begins,
studying and enjoying
see further away.
I wait for the bus while
I contemplate the shiny sky.

Start the day with friendly friends
who opens the door to my life.
The hours are finished
and when you don’t know 
the first part of the day has ended.

As happy as kid with new toy,
the darkness
Is coming,
the sun is sleeping,
homework and homework
it is what I need to do.

Call it a day,
one more day
was completed.
I close my eyes
and I dream 
in a new day.

*****
"Night"
Ren Araki

I like silent times, silent times.
Rest is what you got times.
Artificial satellites watch the earth from darkness to darkness.
Stars sparkling,
Shining, and twinkling.
Catch the one you love times.

Bugs performing,
Ghost playing,
Child in the bed, Adult make a bet.
Sleeping and dreaming
Of silent times, silent times,
Rest is what you got times.

*****

"Rainbow"
Hitoshi Akiyama

After stopping rain
Rainbow colors the sky
Like bridge a river.

Rainbow is very mysterious.
It has many colors.
Red, orange, yellow, green, indigo, purple.
They are very beautiful.

Rainbow disappear soon.
It is very short life.
Yet it gives impression to us.

No one have unlimited life,
But it is not useless.
Since those are unlimited, life shine beautifully.

*****

"Road"
Hitoshi Akiyama

We are pioneers.
We are going on the uncharted path.
No one goes on the same road.
We cleave road by own hands.

Don’t go to someone’s road.
This is your own trip.
Even if you lose the way, don’t give up your dream.
Advance to the light in front of you.

We are going on each road robustly.
But those are not parallel.
So someday we will meet again.
Somewhere on the winding road.

*****
"Song"
Ren Araki

I sing a song to stop history.
I sing a song from my left wrist,
I sing, I sing, I sing a song of red.
True my heart become a tear and will fall to the ground.

I look at this world hated by me.
I sing a song from my two eyes,
I sing, I sing, I sing a song of blue.
True tears become drops and will fall to the earth.

I sing a song of hated myself.
I sing a song from my icy throat,
I sing, I sing, I sing a song of black.
True words become weights and will fall to the sky.

I want to escape from this world.
I sing a song from just my body,
I sing, I sing, I sing a song of red.
True I am becoming a tear and be falling

On the ground, on the earth.
It’s lonely.

*****

"Spot Kicks After a Tie"
Matthew Jeong

Spot kicks after a tie

One day, a big soccer match was held.
Real Madrid vs Barcelona in Santiago Bernabeu Stadium.

Our school playground was very big and wide as Bernadeau.
The final match of class 5 versus class 8.

I wore the captain’s armband and I participated as a goalie.
Time passed by 120 minute quickly, spot kicks after a tie was began.
Each team player’s eyes were burning like firewood for hatred to lose.

Each team made goals for four times
Finally, each team had only one chance to kick.
Our team made a first goal easily.
Next turn was the opposite team.

When opponent kicked a ball, a ball talked to me suddenly.
I’m coming to right side! So I jumped my body on the right side.
As a result, I blocked a ball which was kicked by opposite player.

When I blocked a ball, my all classmates were coming to me.
Like a swarm of ants
Then they threw me up and down through the air several times.
I was super happy.

I can hear my classmates shouting on the playground even today.
My unforgettable beautiful memory which was really impressive on the ground.

I want to throwback and touch this moment again.

*****

"Sweet Candy"
Briana Kang

You look so tasty like cotton candy.
I can’t stop to bite.
You look so colorful like rainbow.
I can’t take eyes off you.

Even you make my teeth rot,
Even you make me cold form mom,
I will hold you in my mouth.
I will love you in my life.

*****

"The Death"
Vrajana Patel

Death is darkness
which goes darker and darker. 
Death is a silent sleep
from which person cannot wake-up.

Death is a path to heaven
where the atmosphere is full of happiness.
Death is end of life 
from where person cannot come back.

Death is destiny
A person is born so he/she has to die.
Death is a rattle
from which person has to suffer.

Death is everything
in the world 
from which a person
cannot escape.

*****

"Winter"
Alexandra Silva

I don’t like cold days,
tremble is what you got in these days,
coffee dripping,
working and studying,
stay with the person who loves these days.

Groundhog hiding,
all tiring,
hard days, no one stays
of cold days,
tremble is what you got in these days.

The winter is just around the corner, 
everybody is afraid 
because the cold scares them.
Everybody begin to get sick,
everybody don’t like that.

All is in the past,
the ice cream, the swimming pool
are no longer close at hand.
A cold blue sky just coming
to stay for a long time.

Welcome
to the new season,
touched by fading winter light.
Cold and weary night,
the day becomes darker,
the winter has arrived?

*****
"Wish"
Phoebe Chen

The first time I saw the starry sky,
Silver pieces on black silk,
Leap to the eyes.
Meteors across,
Too late to make a wish,
Staring with infatuation,
Watched them appears,
Gaze after they leave.
A faint of sadness climbs on my heart,
In the vast universe,
Aren’t we just like a meteor?
Born and death happened instantaneously,
It’s nothing after all.
Cool night,
Gorgeous starlight,
Chirping insects,
Beloved family.
Under the placid view of heaven,
I embraced in summer’s arms,
Softly ferried to the spring.

*****


Death Penalty
Alexandra Silva Espinoza

Nobody should end another life. No one should take a life and gives it an end. But what if does? Stay in your house; one person comes in and kills your family or friends. Everybody knows that the person needs to be punished for what he or she did so if this person is going to be punished for murdering someone. Why does the government want to do the same and end another life? How can people just decide to stop a person’s life? The answer is that even though the murder needs to have a serious punishment for what he or she did; the death penalty is too extreme and it is a chain which repeats the same crime. The death penalty is an easy way to punish murder, but is it a good way?
Innocent persons died a cause of death penalty. According with J. Budziszewski,
Professor of Government and Philosophy “No system of justice can produce results which are 100% certain all the time. Mistakes will be made in any system which relies upon human testimony for proof” ("Should a Death Penalty Moratorium Be Implemented?"). This argument is not valid because just one life is so important, the government needs to be 100% sure before execute someone, if not they can’t take a decision just to take it. The death penalty is not a game; a life is going to be loose. The website procon.org shares “The reinstatements of the modern death penalty, 87 people have been freed from death row because they were later proven innocent. That is a demonstrated error rate of one innocent person for every seven persons executed” ("Should a Death Penalty Moratorium Be Implemented?"). This is justice? Clearly is not, if the person who is going to be punishment with death penalty, finally is innocent but is too late and he or she is already dead. How government can respond to that? Government can’t repair that, the person is already dead and nobody can give a solution. For example the testimony in Oklahoma “Greg Wilhoit spent five years of his life on death row for a crime that he did not commit. He received a full exoneration in 1993.  A second trial was held in 1993, but after the prosecution presented their case (without the bite mark evidence) the judge issued a directed verdict of innocence and Greg was cleared of all charges” ("Innocent and Condemned to Die: The Story of Greg Wilhoit").  In this case a life was safe because at the end they didn’t give him the execution, but, What about the time expended? Who rewards what happened? The answer is so easy, no one can reward neither return the time. This person lost many years of his life, the opportunity to raise his two daughters, his livelihood, and his physical and mental health. This is one of the terrible consequences of death penalty.
People who agree with the death penalty assert that it will preserve law and order and the perpetrators of crimes never have an opportunity to cause future tragedy. They believe that death penalty will cause people to stop making disorder; they want to say that people are fear nothing more than death, so they are not going to do something bad neither a chaos. According to the conclusion of the effect of the deterrent “Capital punishment produces a strong deterrent effect that saves lives” ("Deterrence"). This reason is unfunded; there is no evidence that capital punishment deters crime. Research reported in Homicide Studies, Vol. 1, No.2, May 1997, indicates “Executions may actually increase the number of murders, rather than deter murders” ("Law Enforcement Views on Deterrence"). Produce the dead to somebody, produce more violence. Why more violence in the world? Why more number of murders?  What example they teaching? The answer is simple, respond to a crime with the way of the death penalty is to increase and give an example of more brutality and contradictory of punishment bad things. A good example is the testimony of Delane Sims, “My brother was murdered but I strongly oppose the death penalty. More than anything, I want to live in a safe community; where my six sons and my daughter are able to pursue all of theirs dreams without fear of becoming another number in the city homicide count. However, I would not have wanted to relive my brother's murder over and over again, as happens in death penalty cases. The stress, pain and hurt that could riddle my body and mind just does not serve me nor honor my brother's memory [...]” ("I Want to Live in Safe Community without the Death Penalty"). Why more violence? Must these families suffer an agony? In the world, the number of violence goes up each year. Contribute with the executions is just to be agree with violence. The long process prior to executions can extend the agony experienced by both sides’ families.
In USA the death penalty also cost a lot of many than the imprisonment life because the Constitution requires a long and complex judicial process. The website Deathpenalty.org shares the cost studies in California, “In 2011, California has spent more than $4 billion on capital punishment. California spends an additional $184 million on the death penalty per year because of the additional costs of capital trials, enhanced security on death row, and legal representation. The study’s authors predict that the cost of the death penalty will reach $9 billion by 2030” ("The High Cost of the Death Penalty"). Why government wants to expend too much many in death penalty? Why they don’t use this money to give more assist for the people who really need it? Citizens know that the government uses their taxes to pay executions? The answer is that the government doesn’t ask citizens in which case they prefer that their taxes will be used because many people don’t know that the costs of the executions are carried by the cost of taxpayers. Those who propose the death penalty asserts in the costs of executions are less than life imprisonment. According to Vera Institute of Justice “Among 40 states that participated in a survey, the cost of prisons was $39 billion in fiscal year” (Henrichson and Delaney). The cost of imprisonment shows for Vera Institute compare to the cost of the death penalty each year the number of executions are going down in the last year 2015 they were 28 executions and the government expended millions of dollars just for a minimum quantity of persons (Henrichson and Delaney). Compare to the quantity of money that government expends is for 1574700 prisoners in each prison (Kedmey).
The other side has argued that death penalty is the perfect way to stop future crimes. But the death penalty is not the best way to punish someone. The person who did the crime needs to have time to reflect on their actions. If this person is going to be executed it will be easier for him because he won’t have time to regret what happened. Life imprisonment could be the best way because this person will value their life and especially others. In prison the criminal is going to be excluded from the world and this will be their major punishment. Also, what about the government? Does Government want everyone to become assassins? Yes, if they allow the death penalty because they do the same. They end a life.

Works Cited
"Deterrence." Death Penalty Focus. N.p., n.d. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
Henrichson, Christian, and Ruth Delaney. "The Price of Prisons: What Incarceration Costs Taxpayers." Vera Institute of Justice. N.p., 29 Feb. 2012. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
"The High Cost of the Death Penalty." Death Penalty Focus . N.p., n.d. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
"I Want to Live in Safe Community without the Death Penalty." Death Penalty Focus. N.p., n.d. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
"Innocent and Condemned to Die: The Story of Greg Wilhoit." Death Penalty Focus . N.p., n.d. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
Kedmey, Dam. "U.S. Prison Population Expands For the First Time in 3 Years." Time. Time, 16 Sept. 2014. Web. 13 May 2016.
"Law Enforcement Views on Deterrence." Death Penalty Information Center. N.p., n.d. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.
"Should a Death Penalty Moratorium Be Implemented?" ProCon.org. N.p., n.d. Web. 08 Mar. 2016.

*****

No Money, No College
Pessi Lansirinne

Almost sixteen years ago, when I was born, my parents had no idea that we would live on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean someday. They didn’t know that their child could go to college in the United States. They didn’t start saving money for it. In Finland, elementary school is free, middle school is free, high school is free. Best of all, college is free for everyone. We moved to Atlanta about a year ago. We like Atlanta and we would like to stay here. That would mean that I had to go to college in USA and I would like to because the schools here are amazing. However, four year college education can cost over 100,000 dollars. And  I don’t have even 100 dollars excess money. And there is thousands of families with the same problem. Where are people supposed to get that much money for education? 
    Bernie Sanders, one of the presidential candidates, wants to make college cheap or even free in United States. He wonders, how some countries can offer  cheap or even free college to their citizens, but United States can’t. Sanders writes about making college cheaper on his own webpage, “This is not a radical idea. Last year, Germany eliminated tuition because they believed that charging students $1,300 per year was discouraging Germans from going to college. Next year, Chile will do the same. Finland, Norway, Sweden and many other countries around the world also offer free college to all of their citizens. If other countries can take this action, so can the United States of America.” (On the Issues: It's Time to Make College Tuition Free and Debt Free).
           Some students are graduating from college owning over 50,000 dollars to the government. This means that they have to work many years “for free” and without any excess money after graduating from college. Some top level students cannot pay for good college and they have to go to worse school that college they have been deserved by hard working at high school. Does the United States government really want this? The country is losing good and knowledgeable workers and tax dollars by letting the college cost to increase exponentially. Many smart students from other countries are not able to study here. Not because the schools level but because they are too expensive. The cost of the college is really big problem even to the upper class. How poor people can pay for college? The answer is they can’t. This makes the society unequal and unfair. No money, no education.
           The cost of the colleges keeps raising extremely fast. Especially public schools that used to be reasonably priced are now almost as expensive as some private schools. Still the cost of those public schools keeps raising every year. More and more people are choosing to study in private schools because there is no big difference in cost. For an example, look at two top ten colleges in the country. Public school, University of California, Berkeley out of state tuition is about $60,000 in a year ("University of California, Berkeley Tuition, Costs and Financial Aid - CollegeData College Profile"). Private school, Stanford University costs about $46,000 a year for all students ("Stanford University - Stanford, California - Undergraduate Information"). Government loses money when more and more students choose to study in private schools. According to The Atlanta Journal and Constitution, the cost of the four year public universities in Georgia has increased 46% in five years ("Georgia Hits Pause in Climbing College Tuition"). Webpage Collegeboard tells that the average increase in cost of the private universities was just six percent from 2003 to 2009 ("Tuition and Fees and Room and Board over Time, 2005-06 to 2015-16"). But still, the cost of the college keeps raising every year and unfortunately the tuition increase will probably get worse before it gets better (Weston). 
     But why does the cost of the college keep raising? There is not a clear answer to this question. According CNBC.com the biggest reason for the raising cost is competition between states and schools (Shoen). States are trying to increase the level of the education to get more students and families to move into the state. 
Increasing the level of education and student services makes the cost of the colleges to increase. According the New York times’ article colleges spend much money for remain competitive in national rankings (Martin). Upgrading and competing the campuses also costs money. Building a new cafeteria or department is expensive. 
Webpage CLATL tells, “One big culprit behind the rising cost of the college in Georgia is funding per student for the university system plunged in recent years” ("Why Georgia College Costs Keep Rising").  More and more students are submitting applications every year. Colleges don’t have money to fund all of them.
Sports, clubs, and other student activities also raises the cost of college education. According to webpage Business insider it costs over thousand dollars to dress up one football player (Gaines). There is hundred and five players in the team. However, this is not the biggest expense. Coaches salaries, advertising, organizing games and events, and many other costs can cost millions of dollars. Football team is just one example. There is multiple sports and teams in each school nowadays. Sports and teams are good thing but having all the possible team and student services in every school raises the cost of the college for those who aren’t joining a team or using the services. Colleges are spending more money to “look good” and get more and better students than offering good education to students in the college.
There isn’t a clear and easy solution to this problem. One big thing colleges and states could do is to mix many small colleges together to make one big university. This would reduce the competition and smaller campuses could specialize specific degrees and programs. The level of the education would increase and the cost would go down. For an example, one campus of an big university could specialize to math and sciences, other campus could specialize to languages and arts etc.  Students and teachers interested in same subject could work together and benefit from the environment. This system would allow the schools and professors to share information too. Practically it would make the public schools cheaper and better.
    Even if colleges won’t unite, they should still do cooperation with each other. Colleges in same area could form divisions of many colleges. These “college families” could organize games, events etc. together, share information, do common projects and research, and specialize campuses. Finland has one of the best education systems in the world. High school are doing cooperation and it seems working well. For an example in Helsinki there is schools for arts, acting, music, and sciences. These schools have specific sports and clubs too. All of these schools are different schools but they all are doing cooperation with each other (Lukiot Helsingissä). This system lets the cost of the education and organizing school events to go down and reduces unnecessary competition between schools that makes the cost of the college high in United States. 
    Colleges should understand that wasting money just for looking cool is not a benefit for anybody. Colleges are losing great students by this because it also raises the cost of the college. 
    There is plenty of other ways the government could make the college cheaper or even free. One way to do this is to simply increase taxes. According to the webpage The Atlantic, people in United States don’t understand that taxes they pay are used to provide and build services for THEM (Partanen). Paying taxes is not money “flying away”. It’s money to make the country or state better place to live. According to the webpage Bernie Sanders.com making college free for everyone would cost 75 billion dollars each year (On the Issues: It's Time to Make College Tuition Free and Debt Free). According to the webpage Taxfoundation there is about 243 million taxpayers in United States. Seventy five billion dollars may sound really big amount of money but when divided to all to the 243 million taxpayers the increase to the taxes would be just about three hundred dollars a year that is about twenty five dollars a month. Is twenty five dollars a month too much for providing free college education for you, your children, and your grandchildren?
    Other way the government could make college cheaper is to cut from other useless expenses. According to the webpage Mr Conservative the government uses billions of dollars to really stupid things each year (30 Stupid Things The Government Is Spending Money On). There is couple of these things.
•Determining if cocaine makes Japanese quail engage in sexually risky behavior.
•Tattoo removal program
•30 million dollars to program that was designed to help Pakistani farmers produce more mangos.
•2.6 million dollars to train Chinese prostitutes to drink responsibly.
•25 billion dollars a year maintaining federal buildings that are either unused or totally vacant.
•Keeping up two or more presidential agencies that do not share information with each other costs billions of dollars each year. 
This list includes just a fractional part of all the things where government is wasting money. If all of this money were used to college education, people would get paid for going to college.
    Bernie sanders tells on his webpage, “Over the next decade, it has been estimated that the federal government will make a profit of over $110 billion on student loan programs. This is morally wrong and it is bad economics” (On the Issues: It's Time to Make College Tuition Free and Debt Free). How is it possible that at the same time when students are paying incredible high tuitions and borrowing money, the government is making profit? This is wrong, stupid, unfair, and should be the first thing to be changed.
    The government could make new education programs to reduce the cost of the college education and ensure that the best students can pay for the best colleges. For an example students could earn scholarships early, even in middle schools or elementary schools. This would encourage students to study for good grades and reduce “getting in good college stress”.     
    Free college would make college to be a possible option to more students. More students going to college would get our economy to raise by making more knowledgeable workers, businessman, scientist etc. More people working and paying taxes would also help to reduce the cost of the college in the long run.
    Why would these ideas work? I’m not the only person supporting these ideas and trying to find a solution. There is thousands of other people doing research to get the cost of the college education down. Barack Obama, the president of the United States, is trying to make the college cheaper or even free. He has many similar ideas I wrote above. For an example, according to the PBS newshour’s article, Obama would make new programs, increase taxes and funding per student, and support public schools much more to reduce the cost of the college (Mason). According to the webpage Berniesanders.com, presidential candidate Bernie Sanders also supports all these ideas ("On the Issues: It's Time to Make College Tuition Free and Debt Free"). Unfortunately, the president of the United States doesn’t have enough power to implement this all.
    According to the webpage Deseret news many wealthiest countries in the world can offer free college education.

With rising tuition costs, some states such as Oregon, Washington and California have begun experimenting with how they fund public universities. Oregon in particular has recently made headlines for a new proposal to waive tuition fees in favor of a 20 year post-graduation payment plan. They aren't the first to experiment tuition free education, however. Many countries, particularly in Europe, subsidize higher education, allowing them to waive tuition fees (Feinauer).

These countries include many Northern European countries but also some Mediterranean countries. Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, France, Scotland, Turkey, Malta, and Greece. Some people would say that these are all small countries and free college wouldn't work in bigger economies. However, Germany, France, Mexico,  Argentina, and Brazil have also free college education (Jackson). Australia and New Zealand provide different programs for students that makes college to be not a big problem (Staff). Germany changed the college tuitions to be free on 2014. This didn’t really affect normal people lives but made made a big benefit to high school and college students. Basically Germany increased taxes little bit and cut from useless expenses and programs (Schuman). It’s ridiculous that USA is the richest country in the world but can’t afford free college education ("Richest Countries in the World"). Why doesn't United States do the same thing than Germany did? 

    The other side might say that students going to college should pay their own education, not older people who are not competent. As I said earlier free and good college education will create more workers, bring students to United States from other countries, and little by little raise the economy up. This would made everybody’s life easier and cheaper. Also people saying that they don't want to pay for others education should think about their own child, grandchild, relatives, and the common wealth and happiness that free college education would create. We could make everyone’s life better just for a really long time just for paying twenty five dollars a month more taxes. It’s not too much asked!

    I don’t suggest the college in United States to become completely free soon, but it could be reasonably-priced in ten years. Everyone could pay for it and become educated easily without taking big loans. This could happen soon but it would need actions from the citizens of USA. It would need people who supports the idea of  cheaper college and are ready to fight for it. Everybody can change this little by little just by doing couple of simple things. For an example, voting for people who want college to be cheaper, supporting public schools, and sharing the dream of free education can solve the big problem that right now looks insurmountable. Soon, much more students from other countries could exploit good schools in United States and students people already here wouldn't have to stress and pay too much for college. College is just four years but it can build an important base for everyone’s life. Something needs to get done!


Works Cited
"30 Stupid Things The Government Is Spending Money On." MrConservativecom 30 Stupid Things The Government Is Spending Money On Comments. N.p., n.d. Web. 04 Apr. 2016.
Feinauer, J. J. "Countries That Offer Free Higher Education | Deseret News." DeseretNews.com. N.p., n.d. Web. 12 Apr. 2016.
Gaines, Cork. "It Costs Six Figures To Dress A College Football Team." Business Insider. Business Insider, Inc, 02 July 2012. Web. 31 Mar. 2016.
"Georgia Hits Pause in Climbing College Tuition." Ajc. N.p., 17 Feb. 2016. Web. 30 Mar. 2016.
"How Many Taxpayers Fall Into Each Income Tax Bracket?" Tax Foundation. N.p., n.d. Web. 04 Apr. 2016.
Jackson, Abby. "'Free' College in Europe Isn't Really Free." Business Insider. Business Insider, Inc, 06 Mar. 2016. Web. 12 Apr. 2016.
"Lukiot Helsingissä." Helsingin Kaupunki. N.p., n.d. Web. 04 Apr. 2016.
Martin, Andrew. "Building a Showcase Campus, Using an I.O.U." The New York Times. The New York Times, 13 Dec. 2012. Web. 15 Apr. 2016.
Mason, Kyla Calvert. "Obama: Community College Should Be ‘as Free and Universal in America as High School’." PBS. PBS, 20 Jan. 2016. Web. 11 Apr. 2016.
"On the Issues: It's Time to Make College Tuition Free and Debt Free." Bernie Sanders RSS. N.p., n.d. Web. 04 Apr. 2016.
"On the Issues: It's Time to Make College Tuition Free and Debt Free." Bernie Sanders RSS. N.p., n.d. Web. 12 Apr. 2016.
Partanen, Anu. "What Americans Don’t Get About Nordic Countries." The Atlantic. Atlantic Media Company, 16 Mar. 2016. Web. 04 Apr. 2016.
"Richest Countries in the World." Aneki.com. N.p., n.d. Web. 12 Apr. 2016.
Schuman, Rebecca. "You Can Now Go to College in Germany for Free, No Matter Where You’re From. Should You?" Browbeat. N.p., 10 Oct. 2014. Web. 12 Apr. 2016.
Shoen, John W. "The Real Reasons a College Degree Costs so Much." CNBC. N.p., 16 June 2015. Web. 15 Apr. 2016.
Staff, Attn. "How Does Germany Afford Free Tuition For All Of Its Citizens?" Attn:. N.p., 12 Feb. 2015. Web. 12 Apr. 2016.
"Stanford University - Stanford, California - Undergraduate Information." CollegeView. N.p., n.d. Web. 29 Mar. 2016.
Thelin, John R. "Cengage Learning." The Rising Costs of Higher Education: A Reference Handbook, 1st Edition. ABC-CLIO, n.d. Web. 13 Apr. 2016.
"Tuition and Fees and Room and Board over Time, 2005-06 to 2015-16." - Trends in Higher Education. N.p., n.d. Web. 15 Apr. 2016.
"University of California, Berkeley Tuition, Costs and Financial Aid - CollegeData College Profile." COLLEGEdata. N.p., n.d. Web. 29 Mar. 2016.
"Why Georgia College Costs Keep Rising." Creative Loafing Atlanta. N.p., n.d. Web. 31 Mar. 2016.

*****
Suicide
Sohel Ali

It was during the summer vacation I called my friend back home and i came to know that one of our neighbour committed suicide and is taken to hospital in emergency vault.  Her name was Dipa and she was one of the brightest student in her college, we never saw her depressed in any reason or in occasion, always cheerful and positive even when her grandparent died she didn't cried a drop, instead she was happy that her grandparents are now in peace.
Hour after the call I was informed that she didn’t even make it to the hospital, she died in the ambulance. I was more in surprise than in shock, thinking of her committing suicide was more than anyone could have imagined. The reason was unknown until they found a note on her bed, it told the story of her suffering and slowly dying from inside. She was in a relation which was abused horrifyingly by her so called lover and his friends, she never talked with her parents or friends about her suffering even her best friend didn’t knew about it. So gradually no one saw that coming.

Approximately 41,149 people died in US during 2013, nearly 113 each day or you can say 1 person per 13 min ("Suicide: Facts at a Glance"). Future prediction of “Dr. Catherine Le Gales of WHO (World Health Organisation) says, ‘Suicide is a tragic global public health problem. Worldwide, more people die from suicide than from all homicides and wars combined.’ WHO estimates that suicidal cases will increase to 75% in 2020.” ("Suicide: Facts at a Glance")

The main problem behind suicide is that people's mind is not transparent. We think people who commit suicide want to die, but research shows “most people who seriously consider suicide do not want to die. Rather, they see suicide as a solution to a problem and a way to end their pain.” (“Suicidal Thoughts or Threats-Topic Overview”). Since we don’t see what’s going on in their mind it becomes very hard to predict suicidal incidents, hence voluntary involvement is required to know the problems behind victim’s mind, problems can only be solved when it’s known. 
Even though we think we care about our friends and families somewhere we underestimate the depth of situation or simple lack the true care required. When was the last time you asked your friend about his problems when he was depressed? The truth is life is not a bed of roses everyone at some point in life has to face a bad day or depressing events and the only way to get rid of it is to overcome the sorrow and move on for future.  But some people does not possess very strong willed mind and tend to break in depression and sorrow which results committing suicide, that’s why in order to help them we have to first locate the signs.

So to detect the risk of suicide signs are the major key, according to the website Risk Factors and Warning Signs - AFSP, “Most people who take their lives exhibit one or more warning signs, either through what they say or what they do.
Talk
If a person talks about:
●Being a burden to others
●Feeling trapped
●Experiencing unbearable pain
●Having no reason to live
●Killing themselves
Behavior
Specific things to look out for include:
●Increased use of alcohol or drugs
●Looking for a way to kill themselves, such as searching online for materials or means
●Acting recklessly
●Withdrawing from activities
●Isolating from family and friends
●Sleeping too much or too little
●Visiting or calling people to say goodbye
●Giving away prized possessions
●Aggression
Mood
People who are considering suicide often display one or more of the following moods:
●Depression
●Loss of interest
●Rage
●Irritability
●Humiliation
●Anxiety”,
this clearly shows that there are multiple ways to detect the signs of suicide. In most cases of teens “Warning signs of suicide may include preoccupation with death or suicide or a recent breakup of a relationship, it also may include alcohol or drug consumption” (“Suicidal Thoughts or Threats-Topic Overview”).


After we point out the signs, actions are need to be taken as soon as possible there are many effective suicide prevention programs based on research and books. “Programs that work into people’s risk factors and promote interventions that are appropriate to specific groups of people” ("Suicide in America: Frequently Asked Questions 2015").  

For example according to the website Risk Factors and Warning Signs - AFSP, “Ninety percent of people who die by suicide have a mental disorder at the time of their deaths” which signifies that suicide can also be caused by mental disorders. There are two major types of treatment for suicide, these are “biological and psychological treatments that can help address the underlying health issues that put people at risk for suicide”.

Psychological treatments or Psychotherapy called “Dialectical Behavior Therapy" (DBT) has been shown to reduce the rate of suicide among people with borderline personality disorder, a serious mental illness characterized by unstable moods, relationships, self- image, and behavior. A therapist trained in DBT helps a person recognize when his or her feelings or actions are disruptive or unhealthy and teaches the skills needed to deal better with upsetting situations. Another proven psychotherapies for suicide is Cognitive Behavior Therapy, his is for patients who already attempted suicide (CBT), clearly theses short term interactive therapies make a difference ("Risk Factors and Warning Signs - AFSP").

We all have only one life to live just one is, ask yourself is it really worth loosing?  The decisions we make daily is the opportunity to make our life better. So take the time to think through each decision and remember each second we live is a gift. Do not let go of your life and try to help others to value their time as human being. One way or another we all can get through hard times, this world is full of opportunities and suicide is not one of them.

Works Cited
"Risk Factors and Warning Signs - AFSP." AFSP. N.p., n.d. Web. 17 May 2016.
"Suicidal Thoughts or Threats-Topic Overview." WebMD. WebMD, 14 Nov. 2014. Web. 14 Apr. 2016.
"Suicide: Facts at a Glance." PsycEXTRA Dataset (n.d.): n. pag. Suicide. National Center for Injury Prevention and Control. Web. 14 Apr. 2016.
"Suicide in America: Frequently Asked Questions (2015)." NIMH RSS. N.p., n.d. Web. 14 Apr. 2016.
"Treatment - AFSP." AFSP. N.p., n.d. Web. 17 May 2016.

*****

Time Management
Alen Kiyanovski

Have you ever asked yourself “why don’t I have enough time for homework?” or “why don’t I have enough time to sleep?” Probably the answer is yes. Most of the people can’t manage their time properly. They waste their time on things that are not important, such as watching TV and play video games. But then they don’t have time for their important daily duties. As written at the site MindTools, “People always waste their time on the TV or the computer and do not pay attention to the time, which moves fast. Mostly, teens have time management problems, they spend 22 hours a week next to the TV in average” ("10 Common Time Management Mistakes: Avoiding Common Pitfalls"). Twenty-two hours a week is a lot of time. People can utilize this time to more important things and their daily tasks.

Teens do many activities after school, such as work, sports, watching TV and hanging out with their friends. Sometimes they don’t have time to study and do their homework. Another problem with teens is that they spend lots of time on their smartphones and social media. As written in CNN site, “On any given day, teens in the United States spend about nine hours using media for their enjoyment” (Wallace). Nine hours a day is a crazy amount of time which can be used for more important things.

Teens and students have problems with studying management. They make lots of mistakes.  One mistake is not taking breaks.  People can work for hours without taking break, but it’s not affective. Without breaks people’s brains start to work slowly and not effectively. As written in the site Fast Web, “studies show that breaks in your study routine can positively affect your attention abilities”. When you take a break for even 5 minutes, your brain refresh and you feel better. As written in the site FastWeb, “Taking breaks from studying every ninety minutes or so can improve both focus and attention. In addition to taking regular study breaks, what you do with each break can matter, too.” (Hoyt).  Taking breaks can utilize your study time and make him more effective. Your brain takes a break and then works faster and better.

Another problem with teen’s time management is multitasking. Lots of teens use their smartphones, watch TV and even play video games while studying. As written in The Problem with Multitasking site, Most of us using the phone, texting, eating or even playing video games. “I can’t count how many times I have burned my hand while cooking while trying to focus on something else, usually helping with homework” (Reus swig). Multitasking can hurt the effectiveness and quality of the both activities. 

Block distractions like Facebook and other forms of social media, unless you use these tools to generate business. As written in Fast Web site, “According to this latest research, people in the U.S. check their Facebook, Twitter, and other social media accounts a staggering 17 times a day, meaning at least once every waking hour, if not more” (Chang). Blocking social media distraction will save you a lot of time and concentration while working.

Take 5 minutes before every task to decide what you have to do and achieve. As written at the site Entrepreneur, “Take five minutes before every call and task to decide what result you want to attain. This will help you know what success looks like before you start. And it will also slow time down. Take five minutes after each call and activity to determine whether your desired result was achieved. If not, what was missing? “("How to Manage Time with 10 Tips That Work").

Manage your day, “Take the first 30 minutes of every day to plan your day. Don't start your day until you complete your time plan. The most important time of your day is the time you schedule to schedule time.” ("How to Manage Time With 10 Tips That Work").  It will help you to be organized and concentrate on your tasks.

We need time, time is important for everything. We need time to work, to eat, to sleep, and to accomplish all the daily tasks. Instead of spending time watching useless television programs or horrible movies, you should use your time for meeting people, traveling or reading life-changing books. 

Take control of your time, be more organized. As written in the site N.P, “When you learn to take control of your time, you improve your ability to focus. And with increased focus comes enhanced efficiency, because you don’t lose momentum. You’ll start to breeze through tasks more quickly” ("Why Time Management Is Important"). If you will be able to control your time, it will help you to success in your career and school. As stated in the site N.P, “Time management is the key to success. It allows you to take control of your life rather than following the flow of others. As you accomplish more each day, make more sound decisions, and feel more in control, people notice. Leaders in your business will come to you when they need to get things done. And that increased exposure helps put you in line for advancement opportunities” ("Why Time Management Is Important").

When you know how to spend your time properly you can save some time for resting and free time. “Everyone needs time to relax and unwind. Unfortunately, though, many of us don’t get enough of it. Between jobs, family responsibilities, errands, and upkeep on the house and the yard, most of us are hard-pressed to find even 10 minutes to sit and do nothing. Having good time management skills helps you find that time. When you’re busy, you’re getting more done. You accumulate extra time throughout your day that you can use later to relax, unwind, and prepare for a good night’s sleep” ("Why Time Management Is Important"). Managing your time properly will organize your day and will make you find more time for an actual rest and not spending time on nothing.

Our time is limited. We have more time than we think.  Saving of time can show you that. Do you really spend your time as you want to? How can you change that?  Take time before every action you do to organize it.  Take time before every day to organize it that will save you lots of time. Spend your time to enjoy your life, don’t waste it on social networks, go and meet your friends instead. Start taking control of your time, change your life and start developing properly. Concentrate your time on the important things in life and you will became happier person. If everyone will do the same, think about how much better our world will develop and evolve.
 
Works Cited
"10 Common Time Management Mistakes: Avoiding Common Pitfalls." MindTools. N.p., n.d. Web. 31 Mar. 2016.
Chang, Lulu. "Americans Spend an Alarming Amount of Time Checking Social Media on Their Phones." Digital Trends. N.p., 13 June 2015. Web. 09 Apr. 2016.
"How to Manage Time With 10 Tips That Work." Entrepreneur. N.p., 01 May 2011. Web. 09 Apr. 2016.
Hoyt, Elizabeth. "Energizing Study Break Ideas & What to Avoid." Fastweb. N.p., 02 Dec. 2015. Web. 18 Apr. 2016.
Reusswig, Liz. "The Problem with Multitasking by @LizReusswig." Spin Sucks. N.p., 04 Apr. 2013. Web. 31 Mar. 2016.
Wallace, Kelly. "Teens Spend 9 Hours a Day Using Media, Report Says." CNN. Cable News Network, 3 Nov. 2015. Web. 20 Apr. 2016.
"Why Time Management Is Important." AppointmentPlus. N.p., n.d. Web. 13 Apr. 2016.

*****


Teens and Negative Body Image
Lucia Rutherfurd

Every time when you go to look you in the mirror you see an ugly, fat or unhappy is because you are suffer the consequence of a negative image body. People with a negative body image believe that don’t look good, or no are smart that means never are satisfied with satisfied that is why they are unhappy. In our society, body image is more important than we can thought. Body image now is like a mirror reflection of how you feel or what you have is a way for show what you got people with negative image body feels than they are less than other every time, that why is not just physical, they feel are not smart with other people’s so is in that point when start the problem calls ‘comparison’. They want to solve this problem in any way, like they start to think that if they fix their bodies, or changes their personality, all their problems will disappear. This could be dangerous , because too many people want to changes their physical appearance in the wrong way ,that make that them started to have an unhealthy relationship with the food , this leads to not eat or eat just little servings , do too many exercise during a lot time , because they have fear of gaining weight.

Your body image is influenced by many different things like family, friends, culture, also the social environment. The most of the people have negative thoughts and feelings about their body at some point in the life. The problem with the people with negative body image is not what can though their self because the most of the persons have it, the problem here is how they solve it. This people try this problem in the wrong way. If someone who not eat, or do a lot exercises, and take care how their weight is because they’re suffer negative body image. This outlook causes people to believe that all their experience in life are affected by their appearance and body weight.
-
The sudden change of not eat is really dangerous and if no one notices or take care of that , that can result in a eating disorder. According to the National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA), more than eleven million people in the United States are suffering disorders such as bulimia nervosa , and other twenty five million are batting binge eating disorders.
-
Nobody born with a Negative Body Image, it is something that you learn with time, caused by the influence from the society. Society makes ideas and stereotypes about the perfect deal of beauty or how you need be , that make what the people have trouble with their own, that affect their self and there. 
-
The problems about body image is harder for teens. Adolescence is the time when much teens suffer changes in their body, that make you may feel confused and disgusted because you are learning to adapt to your new body. That changes are natural, is part of grow up, some people take this to an extreme reaction, choices and bad decisions. As a result, can turn to unhealthy eating habits, which can lead to a serious eating disorders. And if it not treated the problem in time this problem could affect the physical and emotional health.

All begins at puberty, is a phase when the body changes for let be a kit to turn an adult, which can be embarrassing or uncomfortable for many people. Also it depends the changes of the sexual gender. For the females during puberty they experience big changes like the first menstruation , ‘hips start to widen , breast begin to develop , and body fat increases’ (teen health and wellness) , this is part of turn a woman and is to a sing health. But in the same time this attracts the Negative Body Image, as girls are dissatisfied with themselves so they are going to start to try strict diets or use weight loss products that can be harmful to your health. Obviously the only ones beneficiary are the Companies Beauty. For males they also spend the same problematic stage with full of changes like growing, voice changes, body hair, acne and sometimes cases breast development.           

All is a part of grow up but many guys/boys take this like arborizing. And is like this how the adolescence turn like annoying , stressful and crazy phase in the life , it should be emphasized that it is different for each person since hormones are altered and that causes different reactions to it and generates different personalities.

And here is when the Beauty Industry take place like comfort for then and with ‘them’ mean  girls , but why girls. For long time ago is very well-known what the girl is who has be delicate and well-dressed and the men is strong and nothing can affect to him, and until today we can see the same idea more subtle, and the commercials for women’s are about beauty, clothes fashion, makeup, all kind of things about be beautiful and for men's are about sports, sportswear, or the songs many video clips are about men's with money and ‘girls’. But what is the relation between the commercials and music with Negative Body actually this acts like an example for young teenagers. 
    
    Like we know the stage of adolescence is really complicated for teens, they usually are very sensitive and irritable, that mean if we judged them or tell them what they have to do or not, or just forbidding party or go with friend, in short words take control of them that will make them feel angry or uncomfortable really easily and fast. But like they can be angry easily they can be sensitive if someone says something kind easily offended and hurt, what can make them take decisions drastic decisions that can changes their life irretrievably or end their own life just to be accepted.

    And is here when born the fearsome ‘depression’. “It’s not unusual for young people to experience "the blues" or feel "down in the dumps" occasionally. Adolescence is always an unsettling time, with the many physical, emotional, psychological and social changes that accompany this stage of life.” (MentalHealthAmerica). But sometimes a only ‘feel bad’ could be depression and if is not treated in a right time could be really dangerous , the year what it was more neglected this aspect was 2004 , “The study used data from the 2007-2008 National Survey of Children's Health and included health information from over 36,000 adolescents ages 12 to 17. 2.7 percent of the sample had had a concussion and 3.4 percent had a current depression diagnosis.” (Science Daily).

    Unfortunately many parents do not realize this problem in time and do not take action on the matter, not knowing that they could end the lives of their children. Parents just think its common problems of teenagers. Because is easy confuse symptoms, for example don’t talk with the parents, obviously teens now want more privacy but sometimes is completely backwards. In some cases parents no have time for talk with their children's and teens feel like they do not care about them and lose importance with their-self. That’s why they are bad in the school because they feel empty and no accepted. 

If the Body Image calls Negative Body Image and that turns the ‘dissatisfied with themselves’ , so later want the ‘beautiful plastic surgery’ or could be the ‘ugly depression’ and here is when something horrible take place the ‘expected suicide’. “According to suicide.org, a teen takes his or her own life every 100 minutes. Suicide is the third-leading cause of death for young people ages 15 to 24. Approximately 20 percent of teens experience depression before they reach adulthood, and between 10 to 15 percent suffer from symptoms at any one time. Only 30 percent of depressed teens are being treated for it. Some teens are more at risk for teen depression and suicide than others.” (PsychCentral).

Hopefully the percentage now is decreasing in a good time, we can see big difference:
“In 2013, approximately 72 percent of youth with an MDE in the past year (8 percent of the population ages 12–17) reported that the MDE caused severe problems in at least one major role domain (home, school/work, family relationships, social life).
The percentage of youth with an MDE in the past year receiving treatment for depression, defined as seeing or talking to a medical doctor or other professional about the depressive episode and/or using prescription medication for depression in the past year, declined from 40 percent in 2004 to 38 percent in 2013.” (ChildStad).

    Is going to be a big challenge change finish with the Negative Body Image because is now our culture and this have a strong connection with the Beauty Industry what is part of the economy. Lamentably who rules the world is the human and ones of the importance things in the world for the human is the money more than the love and peace. Economy is something important for the Government and for many countries the Beauty Companies are a big Industry what help the Economy. We have to change this and the next generation with a good education without prejudices and not  just superficiality but honestly that change will be in a long time because we have to convince people who are willing to change and that will be a big change. This is not just about the Image this is about what we want hide what we really are.

Works Cited
"Teens and Negative Body Image." Teen health and wellness. N.p., n.d. Mon. 28 Mar. 2016.
“Depression in teens” Mental Health America. N.p., n.d. Sun. 10 Apr. 2016
“Teen concussions increase risk for depression” Science Daily.  N.p., 9 Jan. 2014. Thur. 7 Apr. 2016.
“Why Are So Many Teens Depressed?” Psych Central N.p., Sat. 16 Apr. 2016.
“Adolescent Depression” Child Stats N.p., n.d. Mon. 18 Apr. 2016.



Five Ways to Hack Your Life
Sohel Ali

Have you ever asked yourself “why don’t I have enough time for homework?” or “why don’t I have enough time to sleep?” Probably the answer is yes. Most of the people can’t manage their time properly. They waste their time on things that are not important, such as watching TV and play video games. But then they don’t have time for their important daily duties. As written at the site MindTools, “People always waste their time on the TV or the computer and do not pay attention to the time, which moves fast. Mostly, teens have time management problems, they spend 22 hours a week next to the TV in average” ("10 Common Time Management Mistakes: Avoiding Common Pitfalls"). Twenty-two hours a week is a lot of time. People can utilize this time to more important things and their daily tasks.

Teens do many activities after school, such as work, sports, watching TV and hanging out with their friends. Sometimes they don’t have time to study and do their homework. Another problem with teens is that they spend lots of time on their smartphones and social media. As written in CNN site, “On any given day, teens in the United States spend about nine hours using media for their enjoyment” (Wallace). Nine hours a day is a crazy amount of time which can be used for more important things.

Teens and students have problems with studying management. They make lots of mistakes.  One mistake is not taking breaks.  People can work for hours without taking break, but it’s not affective. Without breaks people’s brains start to work slowly and not effectively. As written in the site Fast Web, “studies show that breaks in your study routine can positively affect your attention abilities”. When you take a break for even 5 minutes, your brain refresh and you feel better. As written in the site FastWeb, “Taking breaks from studying every ninety minutes or so can improve both focus and attention. In addition to taking regular study breaks, what you do with each break can matter, too.” (Hoyt).  Taking breaks can utilize your study time and make him more effective. Your brain takes a break and then works faster and better.

Another problem with teen’s time management is multitasking. Lots of teens use their smartphones, watch TV and even play video games while studying. As written in The Problem with Multitasking site, Most of us using the phone, texting, eating or even playing video games. “I can’t count how many times I have burned my hand while cooking while trying to focus on something else, usually helping with homework” (Reus swig). Multitasking can hurt the effectiveness and quality of the both activities. 

Block distractions like Facebook and other forms of social media, unless you use these tools to generate business. As written in Fast Web site, “According to this latest research, people in the U.S. check their Facebook, Twitter, and other social media accounts a staggering 17 times a day, meaning at least once every waking hour, if not more” (Chang). Blocking social media distraction will save you a lot of time and concentration while working.


Take 5 minutes before every task to decide what you have to do and achieve. As written at the site Entrepreneur, “Take five minutes before every call and task to decide what result you want to attain. This will help you know what success looks like before you start. And it will also slow time down. Take five minutes after each call and activity to determine whether your desired result was achieved. If not, what was missing? “("How to Manage Time with 10 Tips That Work").

Manage your day, “Take the first 30 minutes of every day to plan your day. Don't start your day until you complete your time plan. The most important time of your day is the time you schedule to schedule time.” ("How to Manage Time With 10 Tips That Work").  It will help you to be organized and concentrate on your tasks.

We need time, time is important for everything. We need time to work, to eat, to sleep, and to accomplish all the daily tasks. Instead of spending time watching useless television programs or horrible movies, you should use your time for meeting people, traveling or reading life-changing books. 

Take control of your time, be more organized. As written in the site N.P, “When you learn to take control of your time, you improve your ability to focus. And with increased focus comes enhanced efficiency, because you don’t lose momentum. You’ll start to breeze through tasks more quickly” ("Why Time Management Is Important"). If you will be able to control your time, it will help you to success in your career and school. As stated in the site N.P, “Time management is the key to success. It allows you to take control of your life rather than following the flow of others. As you accomplish more each day, make more sound decisions, and feel more in control, people notice. Leaders in your business will come to you when they need to get things done. And that increased exposure helps put you in line for advancement opportunities” ("Why Time Management Is Important").

When you know how to spend your time properly you can save some time for resting and free time. “Everyone needs time to relax and unwind. Unfortunately, though, many of us don’t get enough of it. Between jobs, family responsibilities, errands, and upkeep on the house and the yard, most of us are hard-pressed to find even 10 minutes to sit and do nothing. Having good time management skills helps you find that time. When you’re busy, you’re getting more done. You accumulate extra time throughout your day that you can use later to relax, unwind, and prepare for a good night’s sleep” ("Why Time Management Is Important"). Managing your time properly will organize your day and will make you find more time for an actual rest and not spending time on nothing.

Our time is limited. We have more time than we think.  Saving of time can show you that. Do you really spend your time as you want to? How can you change that?  Take time before every action you do to organize it.  Take time before every day to organize it that will save you lots of time. Spend your time to enjoy your life, don’t waste it on social networks, go and meet your friends instead. Start taking control of your time, change your life and start developing properly. Concentrate your time on the important things in life and you will became happier person. If everyone will do the same, think about how much better our world will develop and evolve.
 
Works Cited
"10 Common Time Management Mistakes: Avoiding Common Pitfalls." MindTools. N.p., n.d. Web. 31 Mar. 2016.
Chang, Lulu. "Americans Spend an Alarming Amount of Time Checking Social Media on Their Phones." Digital Trends. N.p., 13 June 2015. Web. 09 Apr. 2016.
"How to Manage Time With 10 Tips That Work." Entrepreneur. N.p., 01 May 2011. Web. 09 Apr. 2016.
Hoyt, Elizabeth. "Energizing Study Break Ideas & What to Avoid." Fastweb. N.p., 02 Dec. 2015. Web. 18 Apr. 2016.
Reusswig, Liz. "The Problem with Multitasking by @LizReusswig." Spin Sucks. N.p., 04 Apr. 2013. Web. 31 Mar. 2016.
Wallace, Kelly. "Teens Spend 9 Hours a Day Using Media, Report Says." CNN. Cable News Network, 3 Nov. 2015. Web. 20 Apr. 2016.
"Why Time Management Is Important." AppointmentPlus. N.p., n.d. Web. 13 Apr. 2016.
*****
Five Ways to Apply for College
Christ Frank

1)            Breathe deeply and start thinking about it. Take a deep breath and relax. According to The New York Times, “The college admission process is always stressful for college applicants but it should be a time for self-exploration looking forward to the future” (Cohen). These days college students find stressful this process because it is seem as a huge deal by them but they know this is the first step in order to start a new journey that will lead to different opportunities, experiences and ways to get into college where at the end of the day they will have to choose a path for themselves. 

2)             Be early and organized. When submit your application with all the documents and materials from the colleges you are passionate about, you know the early you do it the better it will be and it also will show interest from your part. A suggestion from “12 tips for getting into the College of Your Choice, “Get organized and stay focused during the process. Make a file folder for each college that interest you and put relevant information inside of it keeping focused on your ultimate goal: Getting into the college of your choice” (12 tips for getting into the College of Your Choice). This statement help us understand the importance of being organized and stay focused during a stressful and long process that applying to college could be.

3)               Find your passion. Search for the things you love doing them. So really think about what you are going to write as an essay (if your college requires one) and create a good that really describes who you are in different aspects of your life. A tip from The Daily Beast, “There are so many essays written about the winning goal, world peace, loving parents, reaching the top of the mountain, etc. It is important to think out of the box and really write about something that you know and have passion for” (Kingsburg). You will have to work a little bit hard and put some endeavor on your resume and essay in order to show an original and unique work of who you really are.

4)                Take the ACT/SAT. Another treat that high school students have to take during their junior or senior year as a requirement for any college or university you want to apply. According to 5 Things I would Do Differently If I were Applying to College Today, “One of the greatest sources of high school anxiety is preparing for the SAT or the ACT” (Nguyen). Most students struggle at this point because they know it is most of the important things in order to get accepted by a college depending in the score that you need to get. So this step it could be a little stressful for some students and not a big deal for others.

5)                 Focus on grades. Keep working hard getting good grades during all the admission process because you have to stay concentrate in your last year of high school while you are doing the application process. According to What the people Who read Your College Application Really Think, “The variety of ways that colleges look at and analyze your grades, GPA, and more can have a major effect on your application process and what school you desire to get into” (Carapezza). So just stay focused and study a little be harder to have a great GPA at the end of your high school that will help you to demonstrate your dedication.    
*****

Five Ways to Travel on a Budget
Alexandra Silva
1.Chose the perfect time. To get a cheaper and comfortable flight it is important to know that you need to fly when no one wants to do it. “Plan to fly on a Tuesday or Wednesday” ("26 Secrets to Save on Travel"). These days are not frequently, many people wait to fly on weekends or the first or last days of the week. Also travel on early morning and late night are also a perfect time because no one wants to travel. Travel on these times like on the day of “Thanksgiving and the eves and days of Christmas and New Year’s” ("26 Secrets to Save on Travel"). This website has the best offers to buy flies; you could find a really good discounts for the cheapest price. To travel to Europe and have the cheapest flies is “through October and April” (Steves). Many airlines have the best discounts during these months.

2.Take the best offers. Some airlines offer you to have a stop on route to the destination. They call stopover that “Allows you to stay in a connection city” ("What Is a Stopover and How to Take Advantage"). That means that your fly is going to stay a couple hours that can be convenient for you because you can visit this city as free. And sometimes in this case the airline offer you a free hotel if you are going to expend the night there. Otherwise, consider in buying a vacation package if you are going to buy at last minute. Is important to ask always for discounts, all kind of discounts that can help you for everything like hotels, museums, flies, visits, etc. More if you are a student, senior or if you have any disability.

3.Plan your tour. Before the trip it is recommended to plan your days because is going to save your time and money. And you can chose with specific visits you want to do it. Also, you can use a guide book that is going to help you a lot. If you don’t like have something in hand like maps, you can use your internet. Many libraries, hotels, restaurants, etc offers free Wi-Fi, so you can find your destination if you are loose. 

4.Eat the best and cheap food. It’s a good idea to “Eat with the season” (Steves). This can help you to try the typical food and the best ones. Also eat the season food could be less expensive. If you travel to Europe many hotels gives you a free breakfast if you ask for it; in addition, in some restaurants “The local specialties gets you the best quality and service for the best price” (Steves). Otherwise, picnics help you to save money and time more if you are with a partner. For my experience if you go to Europe, I recommend you to take breakfast at the hotel, do a picnic for lunch and for dinner try something special and typical. 

5.Obtain the ideal transport. If you want to rent a car I recommend you to don’t do it in Europe but for big cities “The automobile transportation makes it easy to see local culture” (Mammadov). Sometimes take a bus is a good way to save money because it is cheaper to transport but the bad thing is that they are slower. On the other hand, the trains are really common in many cities, they are fast and cheaper if you buy a card for many days. For use the train as transportation is important to know “Throughout Europe first class tickets cost about 50 percent more than the second class, but the difference is comfort is usually minimal” (Steves). Don’t travel in first class unless someone else is paying for it. The train station “In many cases you can rent a bike in one town and drop it at another for no extra charge” (Steves). Rent a bike is a good idea. Furthermore, in some countries in Europe has the option to travel in group that means that you can find persons who travel to a specific city with their own car and have space to take someone else. This option is very usual.

*****

"Five Ways to Ride a Horse"
Sofia A. Ribeiro

1.Talk to your horse before mount him/her: It important have a great relationship with the horse, and pass good feels and love to your horse. Don’t be scared or nervous because the horse can feel and it will make your horse be nervous like you when you mount it. 

2.Prepare your horse: Before mount a horse to ride tie the horse up and groom it. Then, go over your horse with a rubber curry comb. Use the stiff brush. Move it in the direction of the hair in long strokes ending with a flick of brush. This removes the dust and hair that rubber curry combs brought to the surface. So after brush your horse put the right equipment on your horse and doesn’t forget to adjust the cell by your size. 

3.Mount your horse: Some specialists that also give suggestion for the readers say that “Your very first step to learning ride is learning to get on the horse. The first few times you get on a horse, have someone hold the horse's head so that it stands quietly. You can, and should be able to get on from the ground, but a mounting block makes it easier for you, is better for your saddle and is easier on your horse's back. If your horse is tall and your legs are short you can drop the stirrup a few holes so that you can reach it with your toe, or you can use a stirrup extender. Don't forget to re-adjust the stirrup leather to the proper length once mounted. It is traditional to mount a horse from the near side. But you should be able to mount from the off side as well” (Blocksdorf). 

4.Position yourself: Try to find a good position on the horse and remember that if you get your legs in the right position will be easier to feel safe and comfortable on the horse. The writer Laura Martlock gave some examples about right position of the leg, “The legs are the connection between the rider’s seat and ankles, and as such are one of the most important elements of attaining true relaxation and suppleness on a horse. Together with the ankles, they are the base of a rider’s position. When you find your knees creeping up and your lower legs and feet creeping out in front of you, stop the horse. Take your feet out of you stirrups, and, one leg at a time, move your entire leg out away from the horse, so that no part of your leg is touching the horse. Bring your knees down and underneath you, as they would be if you were standing, then let your legs gently fall back against the horse’s ribs. Remember to mentally place your body's weight down into your legs” (Martlock). A good position on your horse make all the difference, with a good position you can avoid several accidents, and this will make your ride more comfortable and enjoyable, also will help you feel the moment with your horse.

5.Feel the moment and respect your horse: “Love. Respect. Understanding are three powerful words” (Twinney), that we have to add in our moment with the horse because the mostly important thing is feel the moment and enjoy your ride, but some people forgot that make it a good and fun moment so don't create a bound with the horse.

*****
Five Ways to Better Sleep
Alen Kiyanovski

1.Sleep and Get Up at the Same Times- Peoples schedules change every day. Most of the people can’t follow a regular schedule and usually go to sleep at different times. That distracts your internal body which can’t get used to the same sleep hours. As written at HelpGuide.org, “Sticking to a consistent sleep-wake schedule helps set your body’s internal clock and optimize the quality of your sleep. Start by setting a realistic bedtime that will work with your lifestyle” (Smith). Following a regular sleep schedule makes the body get used to an exact number of sleeping hours and makes us feel better. Make a schedule every day to organize the time so you can go to sleep at the same time.

2.Don’t Smoke! - Lots of people nowadays are smoking, smoking is unhealthy habit and hurts your body. But smoking don’t hurt only your body, it also hurts your sleep quality.as written at Prevention site, “Smokers are 4 times more likely not to feel as well rested after a night's sleep than nonsmokers, studies show, and smoking exacerbates sleep apnea and other breathing disorders, which can also stop you from getting a good night's rest” (Dumain). Smoking limits your breathing and causes breathe disorders which influences badly not only your sleep but also your health.

3.Don’t be Exposed to Light Before Bad as Early as Possible- Most of us using the phone or watching TV and using other electronic devices that makes lots of light and disturbs your internal body clock and makes it feel that it isn’t night. As noted at WikiHow, “Eliminate all sources of light in your bedroom. This includes windows, LED clocks, computer lights, cable boxes, and other devices with lights (unless they're very dim). You can cover them with heavy paper, cloth covers, masking tape, or just unplug them. Not only will you get a good night's sleep, you'll save electricity” (How to Sleep Better). Try also to turn off the lights at your house as earlier as you can so your internal body won’t be disturbed because of any lights. 

4.Avoid Naps- Sometimes, naps are fun and can get you more energy for the rest of the day. But, long naps can make your body sleep problems. As written at Mayo Clinic website, “Long daytime naps can interfere with nighttime sleep — especially if you're struggling with insomnia or poor sleep quality at night. If you choose to nap during the day, limit yourself to about 10 to 30 minutes and make it during the midafternoon” (Clinic). Limit your nap time for maximum of 30 minutes, and also do it at the midafternoon so you’ll be able to fall asleep easier.

5.Exercise More- Exercise is the key for healthy body and a good sleep. Exercise helps fall asleep faster and easier. But, don’t exercise too late, because it’s also makes your body more active and makes problems with falling asleep. As written at Healthy Sleep website, “Exercise stimulates the body to secrete the stress hormone cortisol, which helps activate the alerting mechanism in the brain. This is fine, unless you're trying to fall asleep. Try to finish exercising at least three hours before bed or work out earlier in the day”  ("Twelve Simple Tips to Improve Your Sleep"). Exercising at suitable times will make you be healthier and sleep better.

*****


"First Snow"
Briana Kang

Everyone would have something that really special to their life. Something that make one happy. Something reminds of special moment. Sue has special meaning of the first snow of 2015.

When late fall, Sue and her boyfriend’s Joe fight. “Are you seeing another person?” says Sue. “No! I just play with her” says Sue’s boyfriend. Sue is angry and says “I think we should stay apart and never see each other ever again” her boyfriend seeing another person is not first time. He is very dejected when she broke up with him. Because everyone likes Sue and she is kind and pretty. Her mind gets puzzled. Then her decision is forgetting about past and go to the France to rest her mind. After she goes back to home and turns on the computer and buys the air plane ticket to Paris.

Henry is second year associate at the firm. He got a reward vacation. He has friends in France. His friend invites him for a week. “John, please entertain me” says Henry. “Sorry, I’m fully occupied with office work” say john. “Ok, I’m going outside”. He goes to get some presents and look around France, Pairs.

Sue arrives at hotel in front of Eiffel Tower. She doesn’t want to waste her time so she hurries out of hotel and just walks around. Sue walks in very small souvenir shop and bumps into a tall guy. Sue says, “Oops, I’m sorry. I didn’t see you”. Sue doesn’t speak French so she apologizes without looking. “Oh, it’s okay. I didn’t give attention neither” Says Henry. Sue is glad to hear the guy’s English. Sue says, “I’m glad you speak English. I just got in France and have no idea about French” Henry smiles at her. He makes room for her because a bunch of people get in the shop. Henry says, “I hope you enjoy Paris as much as I do. It’s really lovely city” Sue smiles back to him. Henry buys a small jewelry box for his sister and Sue buys a miniature Eiffel Tower. They goes out of the shop together. Henry asks, “Would you like a cup of coffee with me if you don’t have any other plan?” Sue hesitates to answer. It’s too soon to meet other guy. Sue says, “I would like to. But I have to go back to hotel” Which is a lie. Henry says, “Okay then have a very nice trip” And he walks to the food market. He thinks she is very pretty and has a nice voice. Sue thinks he is kind nice but it’s not good time to have a man in her life.

About a week later, Sue is packing to leave hotel. She spent quality times to look around Pairs. She enjoyed in Louvre Museum and Montmartre Hill. She loved the street painters and the small of a cup of coffee. She sat in a little café and watched others. Everybody looked so happy. She thought her life will go without Joe even she felt little lonely right now. She wants to leave her memory with Joe. This trip made her throw out bad memories and recharge her energy. Her mind was ocean calm after a storm passed. There were no Joe anywhere. On the way to airport, she thinks she will come back Paris with a good man. Henry is in a cap to airport. He spent nice weekend with John. They had a crazy party with John’s French friends. Henry didn’t understand what they were saying but drink and loud music solve every problems. They were drinking and dancing all night. He had a bad hangover but he never had fun like it before. Henry scanned the beautiful Paris scenery in his eyes and heart.

Sue checked in airplane little early and sits on her business class. She didn’t bother to have expensive ticket after her heart breaking. As matter a fact, she credited herself. She closes her eyes and remembers what she did in France. Henry is surprised when he found out who is sitting next to him. It was her. The pretty woman from the souvenir shop. Henry can’t say anything because she closes her eyes and seems like fall asleep. He sits quietly and tries to wait until she awakes. When the plane is in the air, Sue opens her eyes. She tries to grab her blanket and feels someone is staring at her. She feels uncomfortable. She turns her face at the guy. “Oh my God, it’s you. I’m sorry I didn’t ask your name last time. My name is Sue” Henry smiles at her, “I’m Henry. I’m waiting until you awake. I’m glad see you again” Sue feels weird. Sue feels something meant to be happen. They are talking each other’s journey all the way to NY.

After they get their luggage, Henry asks Sue’s phones number. Sue doesn’t hesitate this time. Henry works at Wall Street as a stock broker. Sue works at SoHo gallery. Henry says, “Is it okay to give you a call this weekend? Let’s meet at our hometown” Sue implies, “That’s sounds good. Have a safe drive” Sue thinks that they are working nearby and she believes it means something. Something very special.

Henry thinks where he would take her this weekend. He is so excited and can’t wait to see her again. It is heart pounding feeling for long time. His last love was 3 years ago. He feels like he is back to his first date. He searches internet to find very romantic place. He thinks he will buy a dozen of red roses and have a candlelight dinner. It will be very romantic.

It’s Friday night. Henry gave a call last night that they will meet on Empire State Building at 7. Henry is there a half an hour early. He buys the two tickets to observatory and waits outside of the building. His eyes are busy to find Sue. Henry’s eyes wide opens. Sue is walking toward him. She is in white tight dress with black Burberry coat. She is so beautiful. Henry kisses her cheek to welcome. Sue’s face turns red like an apple. They don’t say any words until they get into the observatory. Henry leads her the best spot to see NY night view. He holds her waist and whispers her ear, “You look fantastic tonight” Sue’s face gets red and gives a soft laugh. “You look good too, Henry” says Sue. They just hold each other for a while to see night view. It is a magical place to a couple. Because of the beautiful view. Because of the fresh breeze. No one can deny to fall in love.

Henry takes Sue’s hands and walk to the restaurant nearby. As he planned, their table has a romantic candle light. With a soft jazz music, they have great dinner. They are holding their hands and keep laughing. Love makes people laugh. They don’t know what they are talking. It doesn’t matter. As long as they are together, they are happy. Sue doesn’t eat much but she feels she is full. Her cheeks are shining red. Henry keeps his eyes on her. He even hums the jazz melody. Everything is perfect. They just feel each other without words.

When they are out of restaurant, white flakes of snow started to fall. It’s the first snow of this winter. “Look, don’t you think the heaven gives us a surprise?” Sue says. Henry looks at her lovely and says, “Yes, God bless us. I knew when I see you in the plane. We are meant to be in love. It’s our destiny” Their love just start.

*****
"Memory"
Ren Araki

Takuma wakes up in unknown room. Takuma just remembers only his name, Takuma. Takuma looks carefully in the room. Takuma finds a clock, flowers, a mirror, a computer, a bed and a table. Takuma feels strange because Takuma does not remember this room, but he knows this room. Takuma notices there is a card on the table. The card was written, 

Takuma is miserable. 

He is chased by true phantom in the imaginary house. 

Will he gets after losing? Or, will he lose after getting? 

In either case, he is miserable.

“What is this? I don’t know this card writing.”

Takuma says. He looks at around him, but he cannot find anything.

“I should go out from this room. Anything are not happened if I stay here. Maybe I should exit from this house.” Takuma says.

Takuma goes out from the room to a corridor. Takuma looks the inner part of the corridor. There is one woman stood. Takuma goes near the woman. The woman is little strange. Takuma cannot sees her face because she looks downward. Her skin is pathologic white. Her heir is very long. She wears a white dress. Takuma says, “Excuse me. Do you know where is here?”

“…aa….uu……aa?” Woman says.

“What’s? What do you say?” Takuma says.

Woman looks up Takuma’s face and shouts, 
“Daaaguuaaaaa!!!”

Takuma is surprised because the woman’s eyes and lip are black, and her voice is not human’s one. Takuma notices she is not human. She is a GHOST!

Takuma runs away from the ghost. The ghost chases to him. However, the ghost’s speed is like walking, so Takuma runs down near the stair and hides next to the room. He holds his breath and waits to go away the ghost.

The ghost’s voice goes away. Takuma sit on the floor after he cannot listen it. He confuses because he is in not remembering house and meets the ghost. However, he understands one thing. It is he must leave from this house for alive.
Takuma begins to search in the house. He goes out from hidden room. The room is under the stairs. He looks left side. There is an entrance. He grabs door knobs and turn it, but it is locked. 

“Damn it! I can’t use this door.” Takuma says. He goes to another room. There is a living room. Takuma finds many things.

“There is a TV, a sofa, a table, a telephone, a shelf, three pictures….. Wait, pictures?” Takuma looks the pictures. There are row of the pictures. There is Takuma in the left picture. There is an unknown woman in the right picture. There are Takuma and the unknown woman in the middle picture. Takuma takes the right picture and says,

“Who is this woman? I don’t know her. But, I feel nostalgia.” Takuma takes the middle picture. There are Takuma wore a tuxedo and the woman ware a wedding dress.

“Why? Did I marry with this woman? I don’t know. I don’t remember.” Takuma says. Takuma confuses, but he knows dangerous to stay same place for long time. So he goes out from living room. Takuma is in a bathroom. Takuma finds two tooth brushes. One of them is blue. It is written ‘Takuma’. Another one is red. It is written ‘Mika’.

“….. Maybe the photo’s woman is ‘Mika’. I lived with her in this house.” Takuma says. It is Takuma’s guess, but he knows it is true. Why does he know it? Anyone don’t know. He thinks about himself, ‘Mika’, this house, and the ghost. He has many hints. However, he does not know the answer. He wants one more piece of the answer. He goes into deep thought, then,
“Ring!! Ring!! Ring!!”

The telephone sound rings by loud sounds. Takuma is surprised. Takuma freezes during ringing the telephone. Some seconds later, the telephone stops ringing. Takuma becomes calm, and he thinks about the telephone. He knows one telephone in this house. It is in the living room. However, he does not know who, how to, and why call to this house. He decides to go to check the telephone.

In the living room, Takuma arrive front of telephone. Few minutes later, the telephone rings. Takuma answers it.

“Hallo?”

“Are you Takuma!?”

“Yes, I am. Who are you?

“I am Kazuto. Takuma, listen carefully.”

“Wait! I don’t know you. I lost my memories.”

“What’s!?  ….. OK. I’m Kazuto I am your best friend. I tell you how to go out from the house.”

“Why? Why do you know how to go out from this house?”

“Because it is written on the book.”

“Book? What’s book?”

“I show you after you go out from the house. Please listen to me!”

“OK. I’m sorry.”

“It’s OK. Listen carefully. It is easy. You can leave from the door of entrance.”

“What’s? It’s wrong. I tried it, but I could not open the door.”

“….. No. It is not locked. You know it….. But you don’t want to notice it. You should go to the entrance, and please come back from the sad dream.”

Kazuto hangs up. Takuma confuses the Kazuto’s saying.

“What is ‘the sad dream’? This house?  Or, the ghost? I don’t know.” Takuma decides to allow Kazuto. He goes to the entrance. 
Takuma arrives entrance. He also grabs door knob and turn it. It is not locked. Kazuto is true. However, something is on Takuma’s mind, so he cannot go out from this house.
“Daaaguuaaaa.”

Takuma hears the ghost’s voice. Takuma looks back at the depth of the corridor. There is the ghost. It comes to Takuma slowly. Takuma tries to go out from the house, but then he hears the ghost’s voice.
“Daaaguuaaaa… 
Taaaguuaaaa… Daaakuumaaa…”

“What’s?”  Takuma is surprised. He thought that the ghost roars to me, but then it says like ‘Takuma’.

“You try to call my name?” Takuma asks, but of course the ghost does not answer. Takuma thinks the ghost looks like to implore somebody for help. Takuma cannot decide between going out from this house and accepting the ghost, whether to do. The ghost comes to him little by little. Takuma decides…..

This story has two endings. It separates from here.

1
Takuma decides to go out from this house. The outside of the house is white to be glorious. It becomes strongly little by little. Takuma cannot open his eyes. He closes them, and then he becomes sleepy. Before he loses his consciousness, he listens a woman’s voice.
“Good-bye.”
Takuma fells a longing for the voice. The voice said it to laugh. However, Takuma listened the voice is like crying.
Takuma woke up on a bed in a hospital. Kazuto found him in an empty lot, and Kazuto brought him to the hospital. The lost memory does not come back, but Takuma spends good life to be helped by Kazuto….. However, Takuma sometimes remembers the voice, “Good-bye”. Takuma does not know why. He is not sad. But he cries every time he remembers the voice.

2
Takuma decides to accept the ghost. He does near the ghost, and hug the ghost close. Then Takuma’s memory comes back. His most loving woman’s face comes to his mind. Takuma murmurs.
“Mika.”
It is his most loving woman’s name. However, he knows she was dead.
“Here.”
Takuma hears an improbable reply from inside of his arms. Takuma looks at inside of his arms. He hugged the ghost, but there is not the ghost. There is a woman. She is looking at Takuma’s face. She is smiling.
“Mika?” Takuma calls.
“Here.” The woman answers.
Takuma sheds tears. He asks again.
“Are you Mika? Are you here?”
“Yes. Yes. I’m Mika. I’m here.” Mika answers.
Takuma holds Mika so tight. He cries. He cries because he is grad. Mika strokes his head during him crying. Some minutes later, Mika says,
“I’m sorry.” Takuma knows the reason why she apologized to him. He says,
“It’s good. I want to be with you. I don’t have any regrets.”
Takuma and Mika laugh, and they shed tears. They are wrapped in white light. They hug each other so tight.
Kazuto drives his car so fast. He goes to an empty lot because there was a house lived Takuma and Mika. Kazuto knows that if Takuma allows Kazuto’s saying, he lies down in there. Some minutes later, Kazuto arrives there. He looks inside of the empty lot. Then he begins to cry, and he is smiling. Does he cry because he is sad? Or, does he cry because he is glad? He knows Takuma gets his happiness, but Takuma loses this world. Because there are only two beautiful, yellow flowers in the empty lot.

*****

"Queen's Tear"
Phoebe Chen

I’m a queen; I was born in the purple. When I was in a very young age, I knew how many benefits that can bring from my identity. Whatever I want, people will trying to satisfy me, that’s a lot easier than most people in the world.

When I was in fourteen year old, I got married. I’m still very blessed after marriage. He’s erudite and polite; smart and considerate; he knew everything in the heaven above and the earth underneath; he’s the gentlest man in the world. I thought the happiness will last forever, but I’m wrong.

He got sick in the winter, doctors were helpless. They told me he might only be able to live for few weeks. Ugh! Bunch of useless guy! I don’t believe them, they are not the “best doctors”! They are not! This will never came true; I’m the one who’s going to be the queen, I’m able to get everything! But that day still come.

My love seemed in good spirits today. I’m wild with joy and thought he would get better soon. I let my best cooks do a variety of delicacies, but he didn’t tough them. He let all the servants to leave the room then he looked at me sincerely.

“I’m apologizes, I lied to you for so long,” he said, calmly, “I never love you.”
I hold the rose that he handed to me, hiding in the wardrobe and cried. He hopes me to get this to his sweetheart in his hometown. I hold the stem tightly then stroked the white petals, watched it turned into scarlet.

After that, I finally understand one thing. There’s really had something that I can’t get it in world. Suffering of separation from the loved one, suffering of not getting what is wanted. Nothing can be changed.

I can’t change my face; my identity; my wealth; even my love cannot be filled. What I most want to get is in front of me, but I couldn’t get all eternity. When my lover was buried, our daughter was only two years old.

Later, I lived a life of dissipation. I numb myself with wine and money; look through the mirror; scream to that crazy woman standing inside. I lighten all crystal lights in my castle, not enough, not enough; they will never ever cram the endless night! Then the mirror broken, I saw thousands of me dying inside. But I’ll never let you see these moments in my life. I’ll use my best efforts to govern my country, to lead my people on the road to happiness, because I’m a queen. 

 Today, my faithful minister referred to the marriage of our children. His son is a gentleman and he loves my daughter, that’s enough. She’s too young; she loves someone who already has the fiancée, she doesn’t know how much she’ll pay for this unrequited love in the future.
Having said these, I feel a little tired. Don’t be worry; anyway, I’m still a queen, the mother of this country.*****
"What You Reap, You Sow"
Vrajana Patel

Morning of December the first day of last month I was sitting in my soft,
leathery and black sofa which was brand new. We bought them on Black Friday. I was reading a newspaper after eating breakfast. I had nothing to do on those days of my life. While I was reading a deep and loud noise came.
       “Dad, Where are you?”  Ask Ethan.
      “Yes, my son” I answered.
      “I am in living room. Come in living room Ethan” I said.
       “Ok Dad, coming,” said Ethan.
     He came in front of me and started shouting at me. All the people in the house my wife, daughter-in-law, grandson came in living room. I was shocked by seeing him shouting like this to me. I never taught him to shout at elders. I was about to scold him when he said rudely,
          “Our relationship is over. You get out of my house”.
         “Relationship is over, what are you talking about?” I inquired.
      “And first of all, this is my house. I haven’t given it to you” angrily I said.
       “No, it’s mine from now” said Ethan.
       “How?” I asked.
       “Do you remember when your glasses were broken and I told you to sign on the paper?” asked Ethan.
      “Yes, I do remember” I said.
     “I told you that it is an insurance paper, but it was not. It was power of attorney papers of house. Now your whole property is mine” said Ethan.
     I was broken from my heart. I felt that the ground beneath my feet, slip away. Now we don’t have any shelter to live, the reason for that was my own son whom I have given everything that he need before he had asked for it. Then my wife and I packed our bags and without questioning my son We decided to leave the house. When we were leaving the house my grandson Evan who is 10 years old came, gave me a hug and said,
         “Grandpa where are you going with bags, please don’t leave. I will be all alone. With whom I will play games, who will help me in my homework and who will tell me stories at night. Please don’t go grandpa Please” Evan cried.
      Without uttering a word I turned around, my eyes were full of tears. I opened the door and I was hoping that now my son will say that “please don’t go Dad. Do not leave us; I am sorry about what I have done”. But I had a false hope my son didn’t stop me. I went out of the house in grief. My wife started crying, she was very sad.
        “Stop crying, I am with you,” I said.
      “How can I stop crying?   My own son, whom I kept nine month in my womb, protected him, taught him to talk, walk, eat and taught manners. That son throws me out of the house by cheating us” sadly said Claudia.
      “I know how he can do this to us. We are his parents. Ok now stop thinking about that let's go” concerning I said
       “But where?” asked Claudia.
       “Sunrise assisted home” I said.
       “What! Where is it?” asked Claudia.
          “I read in newspaper about it. It is two or three miles away from here, let’s go there” I said.
       “Is it apartment or a motel?” asked Claudia
       “No, it is old age home where we can live without paying.   We just have to sign in for it” I said.
       “Ok, let’s go there if you know about that place” said Claudia.
  Then we left and went to the “Sunrise assisted home”.   We entered the gate there was beautiful garden and several sitting place in front of building. All the old people were sitting there, exercising and talking. We have formal conversation with them. Then we went to reception hall where we have to register our name and fill our details in an application form. We completed the application form then the manager took us to our room. There was double bed, bathroom, dressing table and closet. We kept our luggage and sat on the bed. My wife started crying. I put my hand on her shoulder and rubbed her shoulder.
       “How can he do this to us? There should be some reason behind it.” said Claudia while crying.
       “I don’t know the reason behind it, but he took decision so it will be right” I said concerning her.
       After some days we were out of that distress and we lived happily. But after some years my wife passed away. I felt like somebody took my heart from my body. She was the only one who stands with me during bad times and helps me to solve the problem. I passed my years in her memories.
 Then after 8 years one person came to Sunrise assisted home who was familiar to me. He was somehow looking like me. When I went closer to that person, I came to know that he was my son. I saw my son after many years and my eyes filled with tears. I can’t hold back the tears. It was flowing like waves in the ocean that cannot be stop.
      “Dad” said Ethan with guilt. “I am sorry dad for what I have done to you”.
      “Just forget about it, I already forgot it, I don’t want to remember that bad moment. I have already moved on, you also move on.” by forgiving I said.
 
 “But, why are you here?”I inquired.
 “It’s a long story, let’s go inside and talk.” Said Ethan.
 “Ok, let’s go.” I said.
 Then went inside and he started his story.
 “I was sitting on dining table reading a book when my son came and told me to get out of my house. I was shocked and I told my son that it’s not your house it’s my house. Then he told me that by bettering me he sign the paper. I was broken from my heart. Then my wife and I packed our bags and we left the house. After we left the house we came here. When I came here I saw you and then I realized that same thing happened to me as I have done to you.” Said Ethan.
 “So, that means what you do to other, you receive same thing.”I said.
     After then we spend our lives together.

*****

Our Decisions, Our Future
Riku Araki

Do you know we are exposed riskiness of the war?  On this November, that is the turning point of the United States. We hope they make happy to this country. Every candidates are awesome and they really think and concern about us. But, except Trump. He states strongly, powerful, and fearlessly. As a result, he could obtain popularity of citizens. He just stirs up people. Is he really carry the America on his shoulder?  We have a choice what do you think who is suitable of the head of the United States, so before voting, think about Trump would become the president. 
I know you saw his speech one or more times. What did you think about it? I was disgusting. I believe it is not only me, but someone like him and supporting him. They just didn’t realize what kind of person he is. This is his outrageous quote, “I will build a great, great wall on our southern border and I will make Mexico pay for that wall” (Trump). Can you believe that? He tries to build a long, long wall like the Great Wall of China between the US and Mexico. Of course, it costs plenty money. Moreover, he would make Mexico pay for it. That’s ridiculous. If he did it, the US certainly forfeit relationship with Mexico. It was criticized from many many people. Especially, a person blamed about this Trump’s quote who is the Pope. “A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian. This is not in the gospel” (the Pope). Exactly, he is right. That’s not the way to show the leader. Thus, he is not suitable as the President. Donald Trump is not suitable as the president.

The other side argued that America would become great when Donald Trump will be the president. According to the supporter of Trump, “Trump is low-risks and high-reward” (supporter). I don’t think so. If you heard his speech just one time, you would support him. He seems to have a good plan and enthusiasm. But, his remarks don’t make sense. He would like to beat IS or terrorist. In other place, he states that make lower taxes to all of citizens. I have just one question. How? How can he promote his plan without money? Nobody knows it because he didn’t answer it. He was supported a lot of people before Super Tuesday. Look at now, he was criticized from many people. Such as Obama, Cruz, Rubio, and both of party. Also, most newspaper companies don’t agree with him. They just pick up his information as entertainment or ironic. 

No hope if he would be the president. No liberty if he would be the president. Can we entrust Trump as the president? No we can’t. “Make America great again.” This is his slogan, but that’s not true if he would be the president. On the contrary, he will destroy America. Remind what I said and think carefully who is suitable as the president.

*****
Think Fast Before That Food
Christ Frank

You drive from home to your work or school every single day, what did you see that have called immediately your attention? A gorgeous fast-food advertisement right in front of you trying to make you feel hungry and stopping you to buy a meal with approximately 1000 calories for only a couple bucks. We live in a world where fast-food restaurants are in every corner of United States. Fast food has become the favorite kind of food throughout America being also one  of the main reasons for which this country has high standards of obesity, diabetes, and other diseases problems being the main cause of thousands of deaths every year, thousands of obese people, and the thousands of fat kids that just started living. Before you enjoy that delicious burger meal with some crunchy and salty fries as a side and a cold coca cola for drink, think about what you are really putting into your mouth one more time. 

Stop eating fast-food and doing exercise will be the first step to control some diseases as obesity and heart diseases in United States. You need to work quickly and decisively in order to investigate about fast-food ingredients and how they can affect our life quality. According to abc news, “People should know what they're eating, and how it's made; they should spend their money at places that make food well" (Schlosser). This means we should know what we are really eating every time we buy a burger, a pizza or everything that is precooked  in order to determine if it is healthy or not. People has to think healthy in order to eat healthy, you don’t have to be afraid of spending more money in order to eat healthy food, just take a couple bucks more out of your pocket and buy some healthy and fresh groceries at a market food and cook for yourself, doesn’t sound bad right? Or maybe we are so busy that we just want to eat as soon as possible (no matter what it is) that the only free time we have we use it to go through a drive thru after a long work day. But some people argue that fast food is not really that bad and that it actually has some advantages, According to NLCATP, “Fast food offers convenience. If you are busy running the kids from practice to practice or you are running late for getting on time at work, ordering is easy at a fast food drive thru everything is listed by number, so you don’t have to sit and spend your time thinking about what you are going to eat this time” (Chief). But if you have this kind of lifestyle and you keep doing this every single day after a while you will see how much weight you have earned and the health consequences that this can bring you as fast as you eat that crunchy, juicy, and gorgeous sandwich.

 The other side argues that fast food is not that bad as most of the people say these days. Fast food restaurants have been implementing new regulations in order to inform people how much calories are eating so they will have an idea of what they are really getting into their mouths. According to NLCATP “New regulations require that fast food restaurants clearly display calorie content and fat content on their menus so you know at a glance what you are getting. This information can help you to make good food choices and you can make them quickly” ("12 Major Pros and Cons of Fast Food | NLCATP.org."). This statement it’s true and it is viewed as a good regulation made by fast food chains. Is this information actually changing the ingredients and unhealthy amounts that each meal provides? Of course not because you are really hungry and the only thing you can think about now is to eat. You will just pick any delicious meal from the menu no matter how much calories it says it has because at the end of the day it will cause you the same health problems and consequences as if they had not the label that says the exact amount of unhealthy ingredients. Also think about this, do you really trust their food? You should think twice this question, “Things like “chicken nuggets” are made from “mystery” food products and byproducts. The definition of “all natural” is a loose term that is not heavily regulated so using that term to sell food is actually quite deceptive. Consumers are not really certain what the ingredients are in the foods but the fast food restaurants use tricky marketing terms to sell the food” ("12 Major Pros and Cons of Fast Food | NLCATP.org."). So if you really think deep about it you will find out that their “food” is not even what they say it is. Don’t want to eat something that you don’t even know what is made of right? You better have to think twice before you pass through a striking and colorful drive thru. 

The other side has been arguing that fast food is not that bad and if we have overweight or some sort of cardiovascular disease it is basically our problem. But the true in here is that fast food restaurants really have something to do and it is scientifically proved. Yes exercise plays an important role but also if we eat unhealthy like fast precooked will affect us in a way or another. This will brings us consequences as gaining weight quickly and losing our healthy body that it wasn’t created for eating hundreds of calories at a same time. Eating healthy and doing exercise should be our only two pathways to remain in a good and extraordinary shape in all different aspects of our live. People should start thinking about this national treat and analyze the pros and cons of what “fast food” really is in this country and how this delicious, juicy, and cheap burger will help us or hurt us as soon as we ate it.

*****
