 
 
 
Twin Souls
Book One of the Twin Souls Saga
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Also by DelSheree Gladden
 
The Handbook Series
The Crazy Girl’s Handbook
The Oblivious Girl’s Handbook

Eliza Carlisle Mystery Series
Trouble Magnet
The Catalyst
Firebrand
Instigator
Incendiary

The Arcane Wielder Series
Life & Being

The Ghost Host Series
The Ghost Host: Episode 1
The Ghost Host: Episode 2

Escaping Fate Series
Escaping Fate
Soul Stone
Oracle Lost
(Coming Soon)

Twin Souls Saga
Twin Souls
Shaxoa’s Gift
Qaletaqa

The Destroyer Trilogy
Inquest
Secret of Betrayal
Darkening Chaos

Someone Wicked This Way Comes Series
Wicked Hunger
Wicked Power
Wicked Glory
Wicked Revenge

The Aerling Series
Invisible
Intangible
Invincible

The Date Shark Series
Date Shark
Shark Out Of Water
The Only Shark In The Sea
Shark In Troubled Waters
Repelling the Shark

What Had to be Done

Torino Dreams

Memory’s Edge Duo
Memory’s Edge: Part 1
 Memory’s Edge: Part 2

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Twin Souls
Book One of the Twin Souls Saga
 
 
by
DelSheree Gladden
 
 
Smashwords Edition
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Twin Souls
Book One of the Twin Souls Saga
Written by DelSheree Gladden
 
 
Copyright © 2010 DelSheree Gladden
Cover Design Blank Page Design Shop
Published by DelSheree Gladden
 
 
 
All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the US Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form, or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the author.
 
Names, characters and incidents depicted in this book are products of the author’s imagination, or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental and beyond the intent of the author or the publisher. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means whatsoever, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without written permission from the publisher and/or author.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 
 
 
 
For all my friends and family
who have helped shape this book
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
1. Anything
2. Romance or Zombies
3. A Vague Feeling
4. Controlling Hand
5. Subtle Invitation
6. The Inevitable Fight
7. Should Have Known
8. The Business of Kissing
9. Three Words
10. Stay Calm
11. Less Than Five
12. A Small Box and A Letter
13. Proposal
14. Warning
15. The Chief’s Daughter
16. Denial
17. Amazing Enough
18. The Chance to Fight
19. No Other Way
20. A Chance
21. Unwanted Companion
22. Falling Rocks
23. Without Warning
24. Shifting Darkness
25. A Place to Start
26. Compulsion
27. Enemy
28. Confession
29. Relief
30. Breaking In
31. The Next Step
32. Fading
33. Daniel
34. More Alone
35. Watching
36. Attack
37. Bleak Desperation
38. The Truth
39. Complications
40. Silent Desert
41. Confrontation
42. Rescue
43. Escape
44. Hope
Also by DelSheree Gladden
Sneak Peek of Shaxoa’s Gift
About the Author
 
 
 


Chapter 1
Anything
 
 
Chaos streamed out of the double doors of the high school. The way everyone ran for their cars and sped out of the parking lot looked something like terrified masses running from a bomb scare. Nothing as interesting as that happened in San Juan Pueblo. It was just the last day of school. Everybody was in a hurry to start their summer vacations except me.
Living on a ranch meant my summers were spent watering the alfalfa fields and looking after the sheep and horses we owned. Not to mention mucking out stalls, cutting and binding alfalfa, hauling stock, and a dozen other things. I didn’t really mind the work, but sometimes I wished for the freedom to go tearing off to Santa Fe on a whim like some of the other kids. Like Claire Brant. 
I watched her long, chocolate colored hair bounce around her shoulders as she climbed into Jonny Begay’s Jeep Wrangler. I wondered if they were dating now. She laughed at whatever Jonny said and reached down to help Dana climb up behind her. Turning back to look at Jonny, Claire’s eyes swept over me. Her smile seemed to brighten when she saw me, but that was probably just my imagination. 
There were plenty of reasons I should have caught her eye. I had more sports trophies than anyone else in the school, decent enough grades, good looks as far as I could tell, and the build of a football player, thanks to working on the ranch with my dad. For some reason, though, I had never managed to say more than a few words to her. 
It wasn't that I was shy, which was hard to be when sports constantly put me in the spotlight, but there was something about Claire that made it impossible for me to approach her. With any other girl, I was confident and comfortable. Claire was different. And since I was hopelessly in love with her, I didn’t date much. 
Backing out of his parking space, Jonny let out an enthusiastic yell as they drove toward me. He revved the engine as if he was going to speed out of here, but the line of waiting cars held him at bay. Dana and Beth were standing up in the back of the Jeep with their hair flying around their faces. Spotting me, Dana leaned over the frame alluringly and said, “Hop in, Uriah. We’re heading out to the bluffs for the bonfire tonight.” 
She never quit. “Sorry, Dana, I’ve got stuff to do at the ranch. Hauling hay bales into the barn and things,” I said. 
The exaggerated pout on her lips was amusing. She knew I wasn't interested, but she still tried. Too hard, most of the time. “Will you come later? I’ll be disappointed if you don’t.” 
“Maybe. I don’t know.” 
Dana looked as though she might keep pressuring me, but my frown made her hold her tongue. I liked Dana well enough, but it really bothered me that she tried to push her attention on me when she knew very well that I didn’t want it. Bouncing back quickly, Dana shrugged and went back to talking with Beth. I started walking again, my gaze sliding along the Jeep to Claire. I realized she was looking right at me and froze. I didn’t have to imagine she was really smiling at me then. Raising her hand, she motioned toward the Jeep and said something, but Jonny’s theatrical engine rev drowned her out. I took a step forward, hoping to hear her better, but the Jeep jerked forward onto the main road. 
Was she asking me to come along? She could have been motioning toward the car, or just pointing back at Dana and Beth. Jonny, and his stupid engine. I wished he could figure out how to not act like a total delinquent once in a while. What had she said? Dana asking me to go was easy to turn down, but Claire, I couldn’t refuse her. I should, but I wouldn’t. 
I didn’t feel like hauling hay bales suddenly. 
Abandoning the dirt road that led me home, I let myself wander toward the one spot I could clear my head and think. The river was completely out of my way, but I needed the quiet sound of water lapping against the bank. Every time I saw Claire, I felt different. Being around her made me feel weaker for some reason. It actually hurt me to touch her. 
The first time it happened, when I bumped into her in the hallway in fifth grade, I thought she must have just shocked me. The next time I touched her, I had tapped on her shoulder to get past her. My light touch had been like tiny daggers shooting through my arm. The affect she had on me was undeniable when she grabbed my arm by accident, her bare skin against mine. I lost every ounce of strength and had to cover myself by saying I had tripped. The few other times we came in contact were the same. It was as if my body was trying to tell me that it couldn’t handle being near her. 
I didn’t think Claire had any idea about the way she made me feel, but she almost never went out of her way to talk to me or be around me. If I was too near her, she would get up and leave. When we saw each other in the hallways, she inexplicably found someone to talk to on the side furthest from me. She was one of the only girls in the high school who had not asked me out at least once. That was why her looking at me from the Jeep was so frustrating. The one time she sought me out, I had no idea what she had said. I knew my own reason for staying away from her, but all the way to the riverbank I wished I could figure out what hers was. 
My shoes and socks were left in a heap next to my backpack. The soft grass that grew naturally in so few places in the New Mexican desert rippled under my bare feet. Its coolness was a stark contrast to the hot summer sun. Just thinking about the heat seemed to make it ten times worse. Slipping my feet into the lazy rills of the river, I contemplated tugging off my shirt and jumping in. 
The thought barely formed before the sound of flying gravel hit me. Turning around to see who had invaded my favorite spot, I was surprised to see Jonny’s Jeep skidding to a stop on the side of the road. And even more surprised to hear Claire yelling at him as she jumped out of the cab and slammed the door behind her. Jonny was right on her heels. 
Slowly getting to my feet, I walked toward the still-running car. Claire’s raised voice caught my ear. 
“Just leave me alone, Jonny! I swear if I hear another word come out of your mouth, I’ll slap you,” Claire said. 
“Knock it off, Claire, you’re acting like a total—” Jonny didn’t get to finish. 
“Don’t tell me to calm down!” Claire yelled. And true to her word, she slapped him. 
I went from a walk to run. I knew these two well enough to know where this was going. Jonny’s anger flamed in his eyes, carrying him toward Claire as his arm reached forward and grabbed her shoulder. She tried to break away from him, but he yanked her back. 
“Let me go!” Claire’s other hand came around and smacked Jonny on the shoulder. She didn’t do enough damage to make him let go, unfortunately. Instead, he grabbed her chin, pulling her face up next to his. 
“Don’t you ever do that to me again,” Jonny seethed. “Now, get back in the Jeep.” 
“I’m not going anywhere with you,” Claire said. Jonny’s free hand balled into a fist, but Claire stared him down. 
I didn’t think he would hit her, but I had never seen Jonny so angry before. One more quick step brought me to his side. Grabbing his arm tightly, I snatched it back. Jonny spun around as his other fist came up. I caught that one too and forced it back down. He stared at me in shock for a few seconds before letting his hands fall to his side. Dana and Beth, still huddling in the back of the Jeep, sighed in relief. 
“Ur-Uriah,” Jonny stuttered, “where did you come from?” 
“I was here before you were,” I said. “What’s going on? You looked like you were about to hit Claire, Jonny.” 
His face paled and he started shaking his head vigorously. “No, man, I was just…I wasn't going to hit her. We were just arguing.” 
“About what?” 
“Nothing. It wasn't a big deal. I just got carried away, I guess. I didn’t mean anything by it,” Jonny assured me. 
Claire’s narrowed eyes and attack stance clearly disagreed that it was no big deal. She looked ready to rip his spiky black hair right out of his head. No need to see that happen today. “I think you should probably apologize to Claire,” I said. 
For all I knew Claire had started the entire fight, but Jonny nodded hurriedly and looked over at a still very angry Claire. “Sorry, Claire. I didn’t mean to piss you off. I didn’t mean it, okay? Let’s just forget about it.” Even though his apology was to Claire, Jonny looked to me for approval. I nodded and his shoulders sagged in relief. He didn’t waste any time trotting around to the driver’s side. He was back in the seat before Claire had time to react. 
His buckle clicked into place as Claire responded. Grabbing the side of the Jeep, Claire pointed at Jonny. “Where do you think you’re going? You just say sorry and take off? You’re such a creep, Jonny. Get back over here, you jerk!” 
“Claire.” I took her hands off the jeep, feeling that odd, painful sensation sweep through me. I had to grind my teeth together to keep from letting her see the effect she had on me. I desperately wished I knew what it was that made me feel so strange. “Just let him go,” I said. “He isn’t worth the fight.” 
Anyone else would have backed off, but not Claire. She yanked her hands away from me, making the pain evaporate and bringing my strength back immediately. She spun back to the Jeep, but Jonny had seen his chance to escape and taken it. He was already out of reach. 
“Thanks a lot, Uriah. You let him get away. I wasn’t finished yelling at him yet. That stupid prick.” 
“I…” 
My mind struggled to come up with anything to say to her. I thought I was helping. Shouldn’t she be thanking me? Yeah, she hadn’t asked for my help, but she definitely looked like she needed it. She had been half a second away from a nasty black eye. Sometimes it was hard to think around Claire, but I suddenly had a moment of clarity. This road was nowhere near the way out to the bluffs. 
“You’re pretty far away from the bluffs. How did you end up here?” I asked. 
Claire bottled up her irritation in a flash and replaced it with pure embarrassment. Her mixed Anglo and Native American heritage gave her lighter skin than most of the other Tewa Indians on the reservation. I loved the unique look it gave her, but now I had another reason to love her skin. The light color made it much easier to see her blushing. It was almost enough to make me forget that she hadn’t answered my question. 
“Did you know I was here?” I asked. The blush spread from her cheeks to her ears. She turned away to hide it from me, but I had already gotten my answer. 
Being around her made my thoughts fray into straggling bits of thread, and touching her sapped my strength and made my skin burn. Fate, or some other power, obviously wanted me to stay away from her. I was having a hard time listening today. I didn’t know how she knew I would be here, but it was apparent that she had led Jonny right to me. She seemed determined to avoid me most of the time, but when she needed protection, she thought of me. Whatever else loving her did to me, I would do anything for her. 
 
 
 


Chapter 2
Romance or Zombies
 
 
For the longest time, we just stood there in the grass. Me in my bare feet, and Claire in a pair of designer sandals. She stared out at the desert landscape, or pretended to stare, at least. Most likely she was avoiding looking at me until she calmed down. I didn’t have to pretend to stare at anything. I was freely staring at her. 
Denim shorts left most of her long, sinuous legs bare, but the soft curves of her shoulders were barely visible under the cascade of her hair. Every inch of her skin called to me. Even the defiant way she stood made me want to reach out and pull her into my arms. I doubted she would appreciate that, though, so I kept my hands to myself.  Plus, I had no idea what having that much of her body in contact with mine would do to me. 
When she finally faced me, every hint of her embarrassment had disappeared. Folding her arms tightly against her chest, she looked at me in a way that seemed to dare me to ask her what all of that with Jonny had been about. Since I didn’t want to be on the receiving end of one of her slaps, I left it alone, for now. After a few seconds, Claire nodded her approval and let her beautiful smile slip back onto her lips. 
“Where are your shoes?” she asked. 
I couldn’t help but laugh. That was really all she had to say to me? “There, over by the bank,” I said. “Let me get them and I’ll walk you home.” 
Walking with me to get my shoes and backpack, Claire didn’t say anything. She just waited patiently while I tugged my tennis shoes back on and slung my bag over my shoulder. 
“Ready?” I asked. 
“Sure.” 
We were about a mile out of town, with Claire’s house being on the opposite side of San Juan. The distance didn’t bother me any, especially walking it with Claire, but I worried she might get tired or bored along the way. I wanted to say something to her. Nothing came to mind. Except for the one time we ended up in the same homeroom class, this was the longest amount of time we had ever spent together. Basketball and football games she came to didn’t count, because I knew she wasn’t there for me. 
“So, are you going to the bonfire tonight?” Claire asked. 
I stared at her incredulously. After what happened with Jonny, was she seriously still considering going? “Uh, I doubt it,” I said. “Are you?” 
“Not anymore.” 
Silence fell between us again. 
I was dying to know what had led to Claire jumping out of Jonny’s car. Claire never missed a bonfire or movie night. She was usually one of the ones organizing these get-togethers. And tonight was the annual end of the school year bonfire. Everybody went. What could Jonny have possibly done that made Claire mad enough to miss it? 
“Thanks,” Claire said suddenly. 
“Huh?” I wondered if I had missed something she’d said. 
“For, uh, getting rid of Jonny. I should have said thanks earlier.” 
She was back to pretending to be extremely interested in the piñon trees crowding around the road. “No problem,” I said.  I knew I probably shouldn’t, but I made myself ask her again. “How did you know I would be at the river?” 
“What do you mean?” Claire asked. The overly innocent tone of her voice made me smile. It wasn’t often I saw her on this side of an awkward conversation. 
“So, Jonny just happened to be driving by the pullout to the river when he decided to piss you off? I thought you guys were heading to the bluffs, in the opposite direction.” 
My teasing brought a smile to Claire’s face. She knew she was caught. 
Slipping her hands into her back pockets, Claire looked up at me, her guilt and amusement mixing in her eyes. “Okay, so maybe I tricked Jonny into driving to the river, but I had to get away from him and I knew he wouldn’t let me leave without a fight.” 
“But what made you think of me?” I asked. 
I should have just been glad of the fact that the one girl I wanted most had dropped into my lap unexpectedly. Doing what I should wasn’t always easy. I should have been home hauling bales of hay into the barn. I wanted to know her reason before I counted myself too lucky. If she said it was because I could knock Jonny out for her, well, that wasn’t the answer I wanted. 
Claire seemed surprised by the question. She took a few moments to answer, but when she did, it was my turn to be surprised. “Because I knew Jonny would back down if you told him to.” 
“What? Why would Jonny do anything I said just because I told him to? We aren’t even that good of friends,” I said. Especially not after today. 
“But he did, didn’t he?” she asked. 
My argument died in my throat. She was right, I supposed. 
“Everybody does what you tell them to. Maybe it’s because they know you could break them in half if you wanted to, but everybody also knows you would never hurt a girl, and the girls act the same way. Even the teachers and coaches listen to you,” Claire said. 
What was she talking about? I hated to sound conceded, but Jonny, and other guys like him, probably only ever listened to me because I was twice their size. And girls, girls always went after the top athletes. My coaches were great, but they realized that I knew the games as well as they did, so when I made a suggestion, they respected me enough to listen. Claire was making it sound like something more than what it really was. 
“Claire, I…” What did I even say to that? I had no response, so I went back to my original question. “How did you know I was at the river? You keep avoiding answering that one.” 
I was avoiding answering to what she had just said, of course, but I hoped she didn’t think to call me on it. The hint of pink in her cheeks made me think she was too distracted to notice. “I saw you heading this way when we left the school. And I know you like to hang out at river,” she said, “so I figured this was where you would be.” She ended with a shrug, like everyone should have known I would be hanging out at the river. 
Maybe it wasn’t that hard for her to guess, but I chose to think that maybe she had been paying a little more attention to me than I thought. Fear of finding out I was wrong kept me from pushing any harder. “Well, I’m sorry you have to miss the bonfire tonight,” I said. 
“Oh, I don’t have to miss it,” Claire said. “I’m choosing to miss it. Jonny being an idiot isn’t what’s stopping me from going to the bonfire. I could make myself deal with him if I really wanted to.” 
“Then why aren’t you going? I thought you liked going to stuff like that?” I asked. 
Claire looked at me, not shyly, exactly, but more like she was considering something, then looked ahead again. I watched her seriousness soften as she turned back to me with a smile. “Because I think I found something better to do,” she said. Her steps brought her a little closer to me and I dared smiling back at her as we reached the edge of town. 
We walked through town without speaking. I was too afraid to say something that might make her change her mind. Always nice enough to me from a distance before today, I knew there was something keeping her away from me. Today she had been the one to seek me out, and the one to admit to wanting to be around me. Whether it was luck, or something else entirely, I didn’t want to lose this chance. 
The big double doors of Claire’s massive house loomed before us more quickly than I expected. I wasn’t sure what I was supposed to do now. I had only offered to walk her home. Were the doors my cue to take off, now that she was safe again? We reached the top of the short flight of steps leading up to the door before I could figure it out. 
Claire hesitated, and then asked, “Do you want to watch a movie or something?” 
Well, there was my answer. 
“Yeah, sure, that sounds great.” I started to follow her to their den, but I stopped after a few steps. “Could I use your phone, though? My parents were probably expecting me home a while ago.” 
“Of course,” Claire said. 
Pulling her phone out of her pocket, she tossed it to me. I caught the pearly pink, rhinestone encrusted cell phone with one hand. Letting my mom know where I was only took a few brief seconds. Her happily telling me to stay as long as I wanted and not to worry about the hay took a lot longer than it should have. I think it worried her that I didn’t date as much as she thought I should. Even though I tried to hide it, my mom knew how I felt about Claire. I said goodbye and ended the call before she could embarrass me too much. 
Claire was already settling into the couch, the previews of whatever movie she had chosen playing in the background. The huge den had three couches to choose from. The only one I was interested in was the suede loveseat holding Claire. Sitting so there was plenty of room left, she looked over at me. I didn’t keep her waiting. 
Making sure not to touch her, I sat down next to Claire. My heart was pounding, but I forced myself to relax, or at least look like I was relaxed, as I leaned into the soft cushions. I handed her cell phone back to her with my thanks, and asked, “So what are we watching?” 
“Well, it was a choice between romance or zombies,” she said. “I thought you might like the zombies better. Cole chose it, big surprise. My brother loves anything with gore and undead people in it. This one was supposed to be pretty funny, though.” 
“Zombie movies usually are pretty funny, even when they don’t mean to be,” I said. 
“I know, right? We watched Night of the Living Dead in English and half the class laughed through it,” Claire said. 
“What was the other half doing?” 
“Sleeping.” 
That was pretty much the same thing that had happened in my class the year before. Claire was a year behind me in school, something I often forgot when I saw her since we were practically the same age. She had missed the school district deadline by two months. More than once, I had wished she had been born in August, rather than October. Next year would be my senior year, but only Claire’s junior. The idea of leaving her behind for college made my heart ache. The previews finally ended and we both turned our attention to the TV. I was a lot more focused on the small amount of space between Claire and me than the movie. 
Twenty minutes into the movie, though, we were both laughing hysterically. I was enjoying myself so much that, the few times Claire leaned into me to say something or brushed my hand with hers, I barely even noticed the pain-filled shiver that ran through me. 
As the number of zombies dwindled and the sappy romance between the main characters took over, Claire let her head fall onto my shoulder. Pain radiated through my side, but reflex brought my arm around her shoulder before I could stop myself. I worried immediately that I had been too quick to move, but Claire only leaned against me more heavily, doubling the intensity of my reaction. I found myself very glad to be sitting down at the moment. 
Her body pressed so gently against mine made my hand start to tremble slightly from the pain. Balling my hand into a fist and tucking it away where she couldn’t see it, I refused to move away from her. The feel of her against me was worth any amount of pain. 
 
 
 


Chapter 3
A Vague Feeling
 
 
I wasn’t really sure what I was doing. Uriah freaked me out for some reason. Well, not for some reason, I knew the reason. In not so subtle terms, I had actually told him why I had never hung out with him before. He acted like the way people changed when he was around them was just because of his size, or something, but I didn’t believe that. The way people acted around him…it was almost like his mere presence had some kind of control over other people. 
Being controlled was something I dealt with every day of my life. My dad had my entire life planned out for me, and was willing to do just about anything to make sure things happened exactly the way he wanted them to. What I wanted couldn’t have mattered less to him. I certainly didn’t need more of that from a boyfriend. Uriah flat out made me nervous. 
But that wasn’t the only reason I usually kept away from him. When most girls talk about the man of their dreams, they were delving into the fantasy of who their perfect match would be. I never thought about the man of my dreams, only the man in my dreams. For as long as I could remember I had dreamed of his face. He was completely nameless in my dreams and his blonde hair and blue eyes did not belong on the reservation, but I waited for him to come to me in my dreams every night. 
My rational mind told me they were only dreams. My soul told me they were so much more than that. Since most people who knew me would admit I was not always the most rational person, it should have been no surprise to anyone that I chose to believe he was real. His image in my mind had kept me from getting serious with anyone, especially Uriah. Uriah was the one guy I was afraid could make me forget my dreams. 
Why I was sitting next to him with his arm around me was hard to explain. Up until that moment, I had carefully avoided Uriah as much as possible. Mainly because of the weird vibe, but also because I thought he was just about the most gorgeous, sweet, amazing person I knew. If I found myself doing whatever he wanted, I wasn’t sure I would have the desire to stop. Lately, staying away was getting harder to do. Even without considering my dreams, something about the way people reacted to him told me I should stay away from him. When I had to get away from Jonny today, he was the first person I thought of. 
Spending time with Uriah was nothing like I thought it would be. The only difference I felt at being around him was excitement. I didn’t feel like I was doing anything I wouldn’t normally do, or acting strangely at all. His arm felt good around my shoulder and I wanted it to stay there. And that was purely my own desire. The delicious throbbing I felt all over my body made me sure of that. 
Sooner than I would have liked, the credits started rolling. Uriah didn’t jump up to leave, or try to make out with me like a few other guys had done. I appreciated his self-control, even if I was a little disappointed he didn’t try to kiss me. Part of me wanted to see how long we could stay like this, but that would probably make Uriah uncomfortable after a while. 
“Well, that was better than I thought it was going to be,” I said. “Did you like it?” 
Uriah seemed to take that as his cue to let me go. He took his arm back and sat up straight before answering. I held in a disappointed sigh. “Yeah, it was pretty funny,” he said. “It reminded me a lot of Shaun of the Dead. Have you ever seen that one?” 
“Living with Cole? Of course I have. I couldn’t stop laughing when I watched it.” I knew that awkward moment where Uriah would be wondering whether he should stay or go was right around the corner, so I tried to get a jump on it. “Do you want to watch another one? The only other new one we have is a romantic comedy, but there’s always more zombie movies, thanks to Cole, if you want.” 
Uriah laughed. “I think I’m all zombied out for today.” 
“Romantic comedy it is, then,” I said.
 Usually Uriah’s expressions were very easy to read. Not in that moment. I wasn’t sure whether Uriah looked relieved that I had asked him to stay longer, or worried, but he didn’t make a run for it either way. I took that as a good sign. Reluctantly getting off the couch, I looked toward the kitchen. 
“How about some popcorn and sodas to go with this one?” 
“Sounds good,” Uriah said as he stood up next to me. “Need any help?” 
For a brief second, I considered telling him I was fine. I hated looking helpless, but I liked the idea of being away from him even less. Letting him put a bag of popcorn in the microwave was hardly going to make me look like a wimp. 
“Sure,” I said, “follow me.” 
The honest pleasure in Uriah’s face made me smile. He seemed nothing like what a lot of my friends had told me. Dana and Beth both said he was outgoing and fun when they went out with him, confident, engaging. Dana said they spent most of their date talking and laughing. No girl I knew of ever regretted going out with him. The only thing they ever regretted was that they never went out again. Uriah never dated a girl more than once, which left plenty of them wondering what on earth they had done wrong. I thought it was more like he was just trying them out, waiting for the right one to find him. Seeing Uriah so shy and quiet around me was bizarre. It made me worry that I was doing something wrong. 
Entering the kitchen, I went right to the pantry and pulled out a package of microwave popcorn. I stripped off the wrapper and tossed it to Uriah. He caught it effortlessly, of course. I had watched just about every home football, basketball, or baseball game he had ever played in. I could at least do that and feel safe. He was so much better at everything than everyone else it was ridiculous. If our tiny school wasn’t way below the college sports radar, he would have had scouts knocking down his door every day. 
“Would you throw that in the microwave,” I asked. “Just push the popcorn button.” He nodded and I heard the almost too loud hum of the microwave behind me as I opened the fridge. “What do you like, Coke, root beer, Crush, Sprite?” I asked. 
“Um, Coke is fine.” 
I handed him the soda and set my own on the counter to find a bowl for the popcorn. The warning beep that there was only thirty seconds left on the timer sounded. “Oh, shoot. Uriah, would you…” I was closer than he was. “Never mind, I’ll get it,” I said. 
But Uriah had already guessed I was talking about the popcorn and moved to get it right as I turned around. I bumped into him, putting my hand on his chest to keep from crashing into him too much. He shivered and shook his head as if he had to shake off my touch. I snatched my hand away quickly. 
“Sorry,” I said as the final beep rang. I could smell the faint scent of burnt popcorn emanating from the microwave. It burned every time if we didn’t take it out early.
“No, it was my fault,” Uriah said. “I’ll get it for you.” 
He hesitated for a second before brushing his fingers across my cheek. I swear he shivered again but, if he did, it was so slight I almost didn’t see it. Smiling with a strange kind of pride, he turned away and went after the popcorn. I had no idea what that was about. 
Trying to hide my mixed-up feelings, I busied myself with finding a bowl. Uriah was nothing like I thought, but that certainly didn’t mean I had any clue what he was really like. I was more confused than ever about him. I was still searching the cupboards when I heard the front door open. Cole was setting up for the bonfire. Mom was shopping with a friend in Santa Fe. That only left my dad. Cursing under my breath, I hoped he would head right back out. Maybe he just forgot something. The click of his dress shoes on the kitchen tile made me cringe. His feet stopped moving and I forced myself to stand up and face him. 
Harder than usual, his eyes stared past me to Uriah. “I thought you were going to the bonfire tonight, Claire,” he said, still not looking at me. 
“I was, but…” Should I tell him about Jonny? And why was he glaring at Uriah like that? “Um, I got in a fight with Jonny and didn’t feel like going anymore.” 
He didn’t really seem to hear me. “Uriah, what are you doing here with my daughter?” my dad asked. 
Okay, that was beyond weird. “Dad, what’s your problem? We’re watching a movie. Is there something wrong with that?”
 His eyes narrowed as if there was indeed something wrong with me watching a movie with Uriah. 
“Shouldn’t you be at work anyway?” I asked. “What are you doing home so early?” 
“I thought everyone would be out. I came home to work in my study. There were too many distractions at the casino,” he said. 
Of course, the one day my dad wants to work from home is the one day I actually want to hang out here. “Well, we’ll be all the way in the den. You won’t even know we’re here,” I said. 
“I can go if it’s a problem,” Uriah said to my dad. 
My dad was not going to ruin this for me. I said, “No, you’re fine, Uriah,” just as my dad said, “I think that would be best.” 
My gaze snapped to my dad’s with a threat he knew I could fulfill, but he was still glaring at Uriah. Uriah just nodded politely before turning to me. 
“I’ve got chores to do anyway, but thanks for having me over, Claire,” Uriah said. He started for the front door, leaving me staring at my dad. 
“What is wrong with you?” I hissed at my dad. “You wouldn’t have even been able to hear us in the den.” 
“I would rather you didn’t hang out with Uriah Crowe,” my dad said. 
“What?” 
Dropping his keys and attaché on the table, my dad walked past me in his usual cold manner. “I don’t approve of him, and I better not see you together again.” Like that was the end of the discussion, he starting walking across the kitchen toward his study. 
“Well,” I said sarcastically, making him turn back to look at me, “it’s a good thing I always do what you say, then, isn’t it?” 
“Claire,” he warned, but I had already rushed away from him. 
I threw open the front door and I spotted Uriah halfway down the driveway. “Uriah!” 
He turned around quickly, but waited for me to approach him. I wanted to grab him and yank him back to the house, but I pulled up just short. “Sorry about my dad. He can be a real jerk sometimes.” 
Uriah hid a smile and nodded politely. My dad sponsored most of the teams Uriah played on, so he knew as well as anyone what my dad was like. Plenty of people respected my dad because he owned the biggest trading post in the area, as well as ran the casino outside of town, but I didn’t think you could pay any amount to actually get someone to like him. 
“It’s okay,” Uriah said. “I have a truckload of hay to unload anyway. I had fun, though.” 
It was probably the most laidback, kind-of-date I had ever been on, but it was definitely the best. “I did too,” I said. 
As he started to turn away, I had the strongest urge to sink my lips against his. I didn’t want him to leave, especially if it was the last time I would see him. That thought had nothing to do with my dad, but everything to do with Uriah’s track record. I didn’t want him being pushed out by my dad to be the last thing he remembered me for. I was considering how to stop him from leaving when he turned back. 
He opened his mouth to say something, but frowned and closed it again. I waited with my breath held against fear of what he was going to say. Shaking his head once more, Uriah looked at me. “Can I see you again?” he asked. 
Breathing out too quickly with relief, my answer got stuck in my throat. I swallowed, and said, “Of course. I would love that.” 
“Great,” Uriah said. “My dad and I are cutting alfalfa this weekend, but maybe we can do something next week.” 
“Sure, just give me a call.” 
Half smiling and frowning at the same time, as if he wasn’t sure about what he had just done, Uriah turned and walked away. It took real effort to walk back to the house calmly. I had a million questions about Uriah, and a vague feeling that seeing him again wasn’t a good idea, but knowing I was the first girl he had ever gone on a second date with was so intoxicating it overpowered everything else. Even my dreams. I wanted to be with Uriah no matter what being around him eventually revealed. 
 
 
 


Chapter 4
Controlling Hand
 
 
It was the first night I didn’t dream of his face. Every second of my dreams was filled with Uriah that night. I woke up thinking about him and, for some reason, that scared me. Only after replaying the all too real dreams of Uriah in my head a few times did my mind bring my dream guy’s image back to my mind, as if trying to make me feel guilty for my lapse. For a brief moment, I really missed not seeing him. My head was still too filled with Uriah to dwell on it for long. 
Waiting for Uriah’s call was torturous. Only knowing that he would be baling and hauling alfalfa all weekend kept me from dashing over to his house for a surprise visit. I didn’t tell my mom what was making me so antsy, but by Saturday morning she knew I needed to get out of the house. Always happy to have an excuse to spend a day in Santa Fe, Mom told me to pack an overnight bag and whisked me off to her favorite hotel, the one that had a full day spa. 
We spent Saturday getting covered in mud and cucumbers. It helped some. Eventually, my mom wheedled out what was bothering me and we spent the rest of the day talking about Uriah. Talking to her helped more than anything the spa did to me. I spent most of my free time with Dana and Beth, but my mom was my true best friend. I never had to question the motives behind her love, and she battled my dad for me constantly. The only thing we didn’t talk about was my dad’s weird reaction to me hanging out with Uriah. That was barely even worth mentioning. 
As soon as I fell into the plush hotel bed Saturday night, my eyes closed and my mind conjured up the image of the wrong person. 
At first it was just his hands sliding over my shoulders. Then it was his arms wrapping around me and pulling me against his chest. For a few moments, we stayed there feeling utterly complete in each other’s arms. He was always the same age as me and he always knew what I needed. When I was upset, he would hold me and stroke my hair until my worry or anger disappeared. If I was in a playful mood, he would dance with me, spinning me and laughing until we both collapsed. When I needed to know someone truly loved me, he would show me his love in every caress and kiss. 
Tonight, I was not upset or playful. My mind and heart were fully focused on love. 
Gently his lips pressed against the hollow below my ear, making my head fall to the side so he could explore my skin more easily. His fingers joined his lips on my neck and slowly traced their way down to my shoulder. His touch felt familiar and inviting, but something about the way he kissed me felt different. More insistent than usual, more demanding. I didn’t respond right away and he noticed my hesitation. When his guiding hands turned me to face him, I saw the question in his eyes, the fear that I did not want him and need him as much as I once did. 
I woke from the dream with a tremendous sense of guilt hanging over me. 
Not even spending another day in the spa could relax me then. Going back home Sunday night ramped up my anxiety even more. Every noise that night woke me from dreams that had nothing to do with Uriah. Sleep deprived hope made me reach for the phone every time. I woke Monday morning tired and cranky, but all of that disappeared when my phone rang and I saw Uriah’s number light up the screen. I stumbled excitedly through our conversation, barely even hearing him ask me to go horseback riding with him. Mom laughed as I tore through the house to change clothes. I was riding my mare, Daisy, off our property in record time. 
Some of my pent up energy cooled as I reached Uriah’s house. Walking Daisy around to the front of the house, I slid off and tied her reins to the fence next to Uriah’s waiting horse. I had planned to go knock on the door, but spotted Uriah in the sheep pen next to the house and headed over to him, all thoughts of dreams forgotten. He didn’t notice me until I climbed up on the fence and sat on the top rail. 
“Claire,” he said when he saw me, “I didn’t realize you were here already.” 
“Sorry, I’m probably a little early.” Would he realize just how quickly I had run out of the house to come see him? I hoped he didn’t think I was a huge dork if he did. 
The lamb Uriah was holding bleated in his ear, making Uriah laugh. “No, it’s perfect. I could use your help actually.” 
“My help?” I asked. My face must have looked incredulous. That was how I felt, at least. I knew absolutely nothing about sheep. 
“If you don’t mind,” he said. “This rascal got in a fight with a bunch of burrs. I got most of them off, but there’s a couple I need to clip out.” 
Climbing over the fence, I approached the lamb cautiously. “What do you want me to do?” 
“Just hold Ishla’s shoulders so he doesn’t run off. There’s two burrs on his belly that I can’t get to while I’m holding him,” Uriah said. 
The lamb’s cuteness didn’t lessen my fear. I wasn’t afraid of the animal, just of accidently hurting it. Gently, I took the animal’s shoulders and pressed lightly. It wiggled under my grip so I pressed down a little tighter until he stopped moving around. Uriah smiled encouragingly, and picked up his scissors. The lamb flinched when Uriah clipped the burr out of its wool, but held still for the most part. Finished with his work, Uriah patted the lamb on the back, touching my hand as he did. 
With a sharp bleat, the little lamb tossed its head back and jumped right into Uriah’s chest. Falling back in surprise, Uriah made no move to catch the little guy as it scampered away. He stared after it looking confused. I reached out and pulled Uriah back up. He flinched when I touched him and I worried he was hurt. 
“Are you okay?” I asked. “I’m sorry. I should have held him tighter.” 
“Don’t worry about it. That little one is a handful,” Uriah said. “He doesn’t usually act like that around me, though.” Shrugging at the oddity, he forgot it and dusted off his clothes. “Let me just grab something from the house and we can get going.” 
He hurried away before I could ask if I should go with him, so I walked back to Daisy and fed her a carrot from my pocket while I waited for Uriah to reappear. He walked back out of the house with his saddle bags slung over his shoulder a few minutes later. The edge of a blanket peeked out from under one of the flaps. By the way the other bag bulged, I was guessing there was a picnic lunch in it. A ride through the bluffs could only last so long, but a picnic could last as long as you wanted it to. 
Trying to hide my grin, I let my hair fall over my face as I swung into Daisy’s saddle. 
“Ready?” Uriah asked. 
I nodded, resisting the urge to push my hair behind my ear. 
The ride out of town was filled with idle small talk that most people would have found unimportant. To me, it was anything but. Talking about our plans for the summer, the books we were supposed to read, things we liked and didn’t like, and a dozen other things, were all little bits of the puzzle that was Uriah Crowe. Nothing he said gave me any hints about some of the bigger mysteries surrounding him, but the way he laughed and talked so easily with me today gave me hope that he wouldn’t disappear on me like he had other girls. 
By the time we reached a secluded valley that was perfect for a picnic, I felt like we had been friends for much longer than a few days. Uriah jumped down from his mare and took a step toward me. Expecting him to offer to help me down, I slid off Daisy before he had the chance, and landed lightly in the sand. The corner of his mouth twitched, and I hated myself for letting my dad control me once again. I couldn’t stand letting anyone help me because of him, but that just ended up letting my feelings for my dad dictate how I acted anyway. I couldn’t win against him. 
Uriah’s quick frown tore at me. I actually would have loved to feel his hands on my waist as he lifted me down. Why didn’t I let him help me down from the horse? Pushing him away was exactly what I was afraid of doing. I wanted to kick myself, but that would only embarrass me further, so I pasted on a smile and went to help him with lunch. 
“So, what are we having?” I asked. 
His dark skin didn’t hide his blush. “I don’t know, actually. My mom packed it for me. Picking burrs out of Ishla’s coat took longer than I thought it would.” 
That certainly wasn’t anything to be embarrassed about. Helping that poor lamb was more important. I spread the blanket out on the rough desert grass and watched Uriah set the saddle bag down in the middle. Moving the bag over some, I sat down on the side, making sure the only open space large enough for Uriah to sit was right next to me. Uriah sat down in the right spot, but was far enough away that he wasn't in any danger of touching me. I really hoped he was just being polite. 
“Well, let’s open it up and see what we have,” I said. 
The roast beef sandwiches and potato salad his mom had packed were delicious. What was even better was lying on the blanket with Uriah after all the food was gone. Still careful of the distance between us, Uriah laid next to me. The heat of the desert pressed all around us, attempting to burn away the desire I felt being so close to him. It didn’t work. 
All the heat did was make me think of the soothing warmth I had felt come over me with Uriah’s arm around my shoulder a few days ago. I wanted to feel that again. He had yet to really touch me even once today. The sun beating down on my closed eyelids was a poor substitute. When I felt Uriah shift next to me, I opened my eyes to find him propped up on his elbow, gazing down at me. My smile was timid and shaky as I wished he would move in closer. 
“Thanks for coming with me today,” he said. 
“Thanks for inviting me.” Now kiss me, I pleaded silently. 
Some part of me wondered if I was falling for whatever everyone else fell for around him, but a bigger part of me really didn’t care. Just as I knew I wouldn’t. The memory of him touching my cheek on Friday had haunted me all weekend. Why wouldn’t he touch me like that again? A very good reason popped into my head. My dad. 
The desire to strangle something had me grinding my teeth. He had to be the reason Uriah was keeping his distance today. I was not about to let my dad have any part in my relationship with Uriah, what tiny bit we actually had. 
“Uriah,” I started, “I’m really sorry about the way my dad acted the other day. I don’t know what his problem was, but he was incredibly rude to you.” 
“Oh, that’s all right. I don’t think your dad has ever liked me very much,” Uriah said. 
“Why not?” I asked. Uriah was practically the town hero. He was pretty much the only reason our little high school got any kind of recognition in the sports world. With my dad being so heavily involved in sports, I thought he adored Uriah like everyone else did. 
Uriah didn’t seem to understand it either. He just shrugged in answer to my question. 
“Well, don’t worry about my dad. The day I actually listen to him about anything is the day San Juan turns into a swampland.” 
“I take it you and your dad don’t get along, then?” Uriah asked. 
Rolling my eyes, I laughed. “Saying we don’t get along would be an understatement. I can’t stand him because he tries to control my life and he despises me because I’m not the perfect little china doll he expected me to be.” 
That last part came out a little too filled with venom. Uriah frowned as he watched my face tighten in an effort to hold back my anger. Just talking about my dad made me want to scream. Especially after he had spent the weekend calling and hounding me to make sure I wasn’t trying to see Uriah. My dad being at work today was the only reason I was able to leave without him tailing me. Putting him out of my head today seemed impossible. I couldn’t even go five minutes without him crowding into my mind and spoiling my day. Why couldn’t my dad love me for who I was like any normal parent? 
Despite my best efforts, a tear slipped down my cheek. I turned away from Uriah to try to hide it. His fingers slid along my cheek and gently turned my face so I was looking at him again. Tears stayed frozen on my skin as I held my breath. So light I could barely feel it, Uriah swept his fingers across my cheek, taking my tears and anger away. 
“Hey,” Uriah said softly, “it’s okay. I didn’t mean to upset you.” 
My lips quivered into a smile. “You didn’t.” I don’t think Uriah could ever upset me even if he tried. “I just hate the way he treats me.” 
“What does he do?” Uriah asked. 
“He tries to control my life,” I said. I hated the sharp tone of my voice. I couldn’t seem to shake it, though. 
Uriah smiled as he ran his hand up to my hair. “Isn’t that what all parents do?” He seemed to be focusing very intently on me now. 
“Whatever other parents do, my dad is ten times worse,” I said. “He has my entire future mapped out. What I want doesn’t matter to him at all.” 
“He’s probably just doing what he thinks is best for you,” Uriah said. 
Sitting up on the blanket, my motion pushed Uriah away. The way I was glaring at him didn’t help either. “My dad has to approve of my clothes, hairstyles, makeup, everything, because he refuses to let me look ‘average.’ Looking like a model is more important to him than getting good grades. He’s never once come to any of my school functions. The only reason he plans to send me to college is to make sure I find a rich husband. I can’t even choose where I want to go. He’s already decided I’ll go to Boston because that’s where he went and he has friends there he can hand me off to. 
“I wanted to play volleyball, but he refused to let me because it wasn’t ladylike enough. He gave me the choice of ballet or piano lessons. He controls who my friends are because he controls most of the parents. If he doesn’t like someone I’m hanging out with, he talks to their parents and suddenly that person won’t even speak to me anymore. He does it all just because he wants me to live up to his family name. His grandfather was the last Tewa chief and that means I’m screwed. I have no freedom because of who my ancestors are. My dad isn’t doing what’s best for me, just what he thinks is best for himself.” 
Uriah sat in stunned silence for a few seconds. His hand had fallen away from me when I sat up so abruptly, and it stayed away now. Uncertainty flickered in his eyes. The rise and fall of his broad chest had stopped, holding in the breath he had taken. I had done it again. If he got up and left right now, I could only blame myself. My dad’s controlling hand felt tighter around my neck than it ever had before. I let him do this to me. 
Embarrassment and shame slumped my shoulders. I felt like such an idiot. All I wanted was to spend a peaceful afternoon with Uriah, and I had ruined it. Tears fell and I didn’t even try to stop them. Uriah’s arm wrapped around my shoulders and pulled me into his chest. He held me in his arms. I barely knew Uriah. I never should have dumped all of my problems with my dad on him, but there was nobody else.  Nobody outside of my dreams. Despite the warnings, I trusted Uriah. 
Still hidden against Uriah’s chest, I said, “Maybe if I thought my dad actually loved me, I could stand the way he acts, but I know he doesn’t.” 
Lifting my chin so I was looking at him, Uriah’s serious eyes captured me completely. “No matter how your dad treats you, he does love you. How could he not?” 
“He’s never once told me that he loves me.” 
“Some people just have a hard time saying it,” Uriah said. Even he didn’t sound very convinced by his words.  My dad didn’t say it and he didn’t show it. He used me like he did everyone else. What point was there in arguing? Maybe Uriah figured that out, or maybe he just wanted me to stop crying, but he changed the topic. 
“So, what are you doing here with me?” he asked. “Your dad obviously doesn’t approve of me, not that that bothers me any, but here you are, sitting on a blanket with me out in the hills.” 
With his arms around me, even. As angry as I had been a minute ago, I found it surprisingly easy to smile now. Uriah raised an eyebrow as he waited for my answer. Grinning guiltily, I dipped my head to avoid Uriah’s teasing smile. “Well, I guess maybe I have a little more freedom than I made it sound. I do try to irritate my dad every chance I get.” 
“Is that the only reason you came today?” Uriah asked. 
I looked back up at him to gauge whether he was joking or serious. Seeing his expression, it was easy to tell. His emotions stood plainly on his face no matter what he was feeling. Friendly teasing hovered on the surface, but honest desire to know the answer was layered underneath. 
“If I won’t date a guy just because my dad wants me to, I’m certainly not going to date someone just because he doesn’t want me to,” I said. “I came because I wanted to.” 
That was obviously the answer he had been hoping for. Peaceful pleasure washed over him and seeped into me as Uriah lowered himself back onto the blanket. I followed, resting my head on his shoulder. Uriah didn’t say it but, somehow, I knew that regardless of what my dad wanted, Uriah wasn’t going anywhere. 
 
 
 


Chapter 5
Subtle Invitation
 
 
I shook my head at myself as I stared at the wall surrounding the Brant home. In the failing light, the tan, plaster-covered wall looked blood red. Hopefully that wasn’t an omen. Placing my hands on the plaster, I launched myself to the top of the six-foot wall. I took a brief second to look around the garden-like yard and make sure no one could see me before dropping to the ground, smashing a clump of flowers as I did. 
The backyard lights were all off, like Claire said they would be. Darting across the lawn, I stopped at the edge of the covered patio. “Claire,” I whispered loudly, “are you up there?” 
My answer was seeing her head pop over the edge of the porch roof, a brilliant grin on her face. “You came!” she whispered. 
“I told you I would, but you better not make a habit of this.” 
I was serious. My heart was pounding in fear that Thomas would have the sudden desire to sit on the porch and watch the sunset. Claire giggled and flipped herself back up. A second later, her feet were dangling off the roof, waiting for me to grab them. 
Every minute I spent with Claire made touching her more bearable. In the month we had been seeing each other, my tolerance for her had not improved as much as I’d hoped it would, but it was definitely getting better. Flexing my fingers in and out several times, I tried to prepare myself. Slowly, I reached up and grabbed Claire’s legs. My right knee started to shake faintly, but I was sure it would be fine. The real problem was the horrible ache rushing down my arms. It wasn’t as bad as the shocking pain I had felt at first, but holding someone up when it felt like my arms were about to dissolve was difficult, to say the least. 
Claire started scooting herself off the porch roof when I had a tight hold on her, probably tighter than necessary. My confidence was as wobbly as my arms. She hung above me, supporting herself with only her hands on the roof, and asked, “Ready?” 
My left knee was shaking now. “Go for it.” 
All at once her entire weight was in my hands. Barely a hundred and ten pounds, the weight was no big deal. Her body sliding down mine…that was a huge problem. Lowering her slowly so I didn’t drop her, inch by inch more of her body was pressed against mine. Ache turned into searing pain spreading from my chest to my head, and down to my legs. My weaker right knee betrayed me and buckled, pitching me sideways before I could catch myself. 
My arms wrapped around Claire to protect her from getting hurt a half second before my back thudded into the grass. A deep groan slipped from my mouth, but I wasn't sure whether it was from the pain of the fall, or from having so much of Claire’s body crushed against mine. Head to toe, my entire body was burning. Claire lying on top of me was a position I should have been thrilled about, but I had to get her off me. Gently, I pushed her up and rolled myself up to a sitting position. The relief from not touching her finally let me take a deep breath. 
Claire watched me with one eyebrow cocked. “Sorry, I really didn’t think I was that heavy.” 
I laughed now that the pain was gone. “You’re not, I promise.” Then I had to lie. “I, uh, just twisted my knee earlier. I must have hurt it more than I thought.” 
Her face clouded with concern immediately. “Uriah, you should have told me. I could have jumped down on my own.” 
“And twisted your ankle, probably. I’m fine. Don’t worry about it.” To show how fine I was, I jumped up and dusted bits of grass off my backside. Claire watched me step toward her carefully, trying to gauge whether or not I was lying. For once, my expression didn’t give me away. Perhaps my relief that the gate unlocked from this side painted over my deception. 
Slipping out of the overly green yard, back into the desert, Claire grabbed my hand and towed me down the road. After the shock of having her on top of me, holding her hand seemed so much less painful by comparison. I thought that was interesting. I felt like there was a plan of some kind hidden in that information. Push the limits and drown myself in pain for a few seconds to make the less intense seem even more innocuous. It involved a lot more pain, but a lot more of me being able to touch Claire. 
We reached my truck before I could really cement my thoughts. I had something else to figure out first. Claire climbed in and pushed herself over to the middle seat so she was closer to me. There was no pain, but the tired, weakening sensation remained even when she didn’t touch me. Looking over at me expectantly, Claire’s eyes asked why I hadn’t already started the truck. 
“Why did I just break you out of your house?” I asked. Maybe I should have asked that before actually helping her escape, but I couldn’t resist anything Claire asked me to do. 
“Just my dad, again. Forget it,” Claire said. Her rolling eyes accentuated her point, but the way her jaw clamped down after she spoke told the truth. 
Pointedly shoving my keys back into my pocket, I turned to face Claire full on. “Tell me what happened.” 
Anger spread over her face, making her eyes glisten and her ears flame red. I folded my arms across my chest to wait. 
“We’re not going anywhere until you tell me,” I said. 
Wrinkling her nose and glaring at me, Claire pressed her lips together. She was waiting, and I knew exactly why she would do that. Claire was still convinced I could make people do what I wanted them to. She refused to be one of those people. Any time I tried to tell her to do anything she turned into a mute statue just to prove that I had no effect on her. The ridiculousness of what she was doing would have annoyed me if her infuriated pout wasn't so adorable. Every time she did this, I just ended up laughing, which only made her madder. 
Since I did want to make it out to meet Tyler and Lana some time tonight, I held back my laughter and rephrased my words into something less commanding. “Claire, would you please tell me what happened with your dad?” 
Her statuesque demeanor melted. “Fine. If you really want to know, I’ll tell you,” she said. “Jonny called and wanted to take me to dinner tonight. I told him I’d rather eat a lizard and hung up.” 
Jonny was a creep, but I had no idea what that would have to do with me having to sneak Claire out to go meet Tyler. “And?” I asked. 
Claire shrugged as if I should have figured it out already. “And my dad grounded me for a week.” 
“For turning down a date?” 
“Yep. Jonny is the current ‘Thomas Brant approved male’ for me to hang out with. He told Jonny to take me out tonight. I got grounded because I refused to go.” 
“Jonny tried to hit you. Your dad knows that,” I said. 
“He doesn’t care. Jonny’s mom is his biggest weaving supplier.” Claire shook herself, clearing away her anger. “Anyway, let’s not talk about it anymore, okay? Let’s just go find Tyler and Lana.” 
Thomas Brant had to be the biggest idiot I had ever met. Starting the truck, I pulled onto the road and headed straight for the bluffs. Fifteen minutes later, we were pulling into a valley lit up by a spectacular bonfire. I could feel a wave of heat from it wash over me as soon as I opened my door. Tucking Tyler’s present under one arm and Claire under the other, we braved stepping around the cab. Holding Claire only hurt slightly more than the heat of the fire. 
“Could you have gotten that thing any bigger?” I asked Tyler. “How are we supposed to roast anything? I can’t get within ten feet of it without singeing myself.” 
“I guess you’re just not man enough to handle my fire then,” Tyler mocked. “Lana’s already roasting away.” 
Glancing over at Lana, I saw her with a marshmallow speared on the end of a roasting stick taller than she was. Her hand was in front of her face trying to fend off the blistering heat of the fire. She grimaced behind her hand, but tried to look like she was doing just fine for Tyler’s sake. 
“Where’s your stick?” I asked Tyler. “Is your girlfriend tougher than you are?” 
“No.” His indignant expression quickly broke into a grin. “Just hungrier.” 
“Shut up, Tyler. You told me to start. He wanted to make you feel bad for taking so long to get here,” Lana said to me. “Did you have trouble breaking Claire out of the Brant Family Prison?” 
“No, just took longer than I thought,” I said. Claire didn’t even seem surprised that I had told Tyler and Lana about her needed rescued. Maybe that was because she already knew I had told my parents about it. I didn’t like lying to people, so when Tyler asked why I wanted to move his birthday bonfire back to dusk, I told him. He thought it was funnier than my parents did. My parents weren’t thrilled with the idea, but they both knew Thomas and figured he was just being a tyrant as usual. They trusted my judgment on this one. 
Tyler grabbed a bag off the blanket and held it up to us. “So, you want some marshmallows?” 
“I think I’ll wait until this beast burns down a little,” I said. 
Claire nodded next to me. Lana dropped her stick and muttered her agreement. Looking a little dejected that no one appreciated his masterpiece as much as he did, Tyler dropped the bag and plopped down on the blanket. We skirted around the fire to join them. 
I tossed Tyler his present and he immediately tore into it, pulling out the pair of climbing shoes he had been wanting for months. “Thanks, man! These’ll be great for tackling the cliffs next weekend. Ron and Doug are coming down to go climbing with me and Lana.” 
“The shoes are from Claire, too,” I said. I told her she didn’t have to worry about getting him anything since she didn’t know him very well, but she had insisted on at least chipping in for the shoes. 
“Thanks, Claire. Hey, you two should come with us next weekend,” Tyler said. “You climb, don’t you, Claire?” 
Her face went oddly white in the firelight. “Uh, not really. I’ve never tried it before,” she said, stumbling through the words. 
“It’s a blast, you should try it,” Lana said. 
Her encouraging voice didn’t take the horrified pallor from Claire’s face. “I can’t, my mom and I are going to Denver next weekend to visit my aunt,” Claire said in a relieved rush. 
“Maybe next time. We go all the time,” Lana said. Tyler grabbed Lana’s attention, then, showing her the shoes and letting Claire off the hook for the moment. Seeing Claire so shook up was amusing. She was fearless, and daring, a daredevil almost. She had talked me into things I never would have done otherwise, yet she seemed to be honestly scared of rock climbing. 
Taking advantage of Tyler being distracted, I turned to Claire. “Are you afraid of heights?” I asked her. 
She shook her head. 
“Then what? I think climbing is a lot of fun.” 
“You’ve gone before?” she asked. 
“Sure, lots of times. Do you want to try it? I’ll help you.” 
“No!” 
I couldn’t help it, I laughed. 
Claire smacked my arm. 
“Why not?” I asked. 
“I’m afraid of falling,” she blurted out. Her eyes closed, trying to shut out her embarrassment. Apparently, that wasn't enough. Falling down onto her back, she covered her face with her hands as well. 
Slowly, I ran my hand along her arm, all the way to the fingers covering her eyes. My fingers felt numb by the time I got there, but the silky feel of her skin against mine brought the rest of me to life. I slipped my hand under hers and pulled her hands away so I could see her face. Shame glittered in her eyes. I smiled and stroked her hair until she smiled back. 
Leaning in closer so my face hovered a few inches above hers, as close as I could stand to get, I asked, “Do you really think I would let you fall?” 
Brows wrinkling, Claire thought about her answer. She was so determined to prove to everyone that she didn’t need help, that she was in control of her own life. So many times, she pushed me away to keep from looking weak. I think she was honestly afraid that one day she would find herself completely under the power she thought I held, but I wanted more than anything to be the one person she trusted not to take away her beautiful spirit. 
I tried to wait patiently for her answer. The throbbing echoing through my body from being so close to her was making me anxious. “Claire, I wouldn’t let you get hurt,” I said. “I’ll always protect you, whatever it takes.” 
Her thoughtful frown turned up slowly. Absolute faith blossomed on her lips. “I know you will,” she said softly. 
Seeing her hand reaching up to my face, I braced myself. From the tips of her fingers to her palm, her hand slipped into place on my cheek, hesitating there before continuing its path across my jaw to wrap lightly around my neck. Her fingers moved back and forth across my skin, sending electric ripples through my spine as she gazed into my eyes. I could feel the pressure of her hand increase so very slightly, pulling me toward her. 
A subtle invitation to kiss her, but it was one I didn’t think I could take. Holding her like I was had my entire body stiff as a board. She was so hard to resist, though. Thinking about my earlier theory, I considered giving in, bringing my mouth closer to hers slowly and carefully. Half an inch away from kissing her, my vision started to swim. I couldn’t do it. Turning my head aside, I settled for crushing her against me, pressing her cheek to mine. I heard Claire sigh almost imperceptibly. The pain I felt from touching her was nothing compared to the monumental disappointment of my failure. 
 
 
 


Chapter 6
The Inevitable Fight


Thomas Brant’s money and power didn’t scare me, except in one regard. The possibility that he could find a way to keep Claire away from me was worse than the debilitating feeling I got when I touched her. For years, I had watched Claire and wished I could figure out why I felt so strange around her. I thought I would have to get over that before I could be with her, but when I finally had the chance to really spend time with her, I realized I wasn't willing to wait anymore. 
Taking her away from me now would be more than I could handle. 
That was why every time we were together, I forced myself to watch her slip back into her house from a distance. In a town as small as San Juan, Thomas would find out about us eventually. Claire’s mom was helping us out a little with that, but we did our best to keep him in the dark. Both of us wanted to delay the inevitable fight we would face when he finally cornered us. For that same reason, we saw very little of our school friends as well. Tyler and Lana were the only ones we trusted enough not to tell. 
All summer long, whenever football practice or ballet, ranch chores or trips to Santa Fe didn’t get in the way, we found each other and pretended nothing was standing in our way. The delusion only lasted as long as summer did. 
Standing in the parking lot on the first day back at school, I waited for Claire. Managing a ranch didn’t produce nearly as much money as running a casino. My family had what we needed, but money was always tight. We only had one vehicle, and that was needed for work on the ranch, leaving me to walk to school every day. I never minded until that morning. I would have liked nothing more than to be able to pick Claire up for school every morning. Instead, I showed up early and kept an eye out for her silver Lexus. 
When she finally arrived, I walked over and opened her car door as soon as the engine cut off. Claire bounced out with a grin. Her arms slid around my waist and pulled me against her. After all summer together, the pain was down to a manageable ache. Dodging her backpack, I pulled her against me even tighter. The smell of her hair had long ago become my favorite scent, and I drank it in now. 
“You ready for this?” Claire asked. “Dana and Beth called me this morning to see if I wanted to ride with them. When I told them no, they both started badgering me about why. I think both of them think I’ve gone nuts or something, with how I’ve been avoiding them all summer.” 
“You know as soon as they see us together the whole school is going to know,” I said. 
That meant her dad would know too, if he didn’t already. Claire only grinned. “I know, and I don’t care. I’m tired of having to sneak around to see you.” 
The obnoxious rumble of Jonny’s engine flooded the parking lot. Claire and I stepped apart and watched it roll in. Jonny pulled into a space behind us and kept the car idling as the song they were listening to finished pulsing over the roar. As the last beats faded, Jonny finally turned the Jeep off. The silence left in its wake only lasted until Dana spotted Claire and I. Leaving Jonny behind, Dana and Beth floated across the blacktop to us. 
“Claire, Uriah, you two are here awfully early,” Dana said, the words oozing out in search of information. “Did you come together?” 
“No,” I said honestly. 
Dana’s catty smile deepened. Turning back to Beth, Dana threw her a superior look. “I haven’t seen much of either of you this summer. I was starting to wonder.” 
Beth rolled her eyes at her friend and pouted. Apparently, Dana had just won an argument. Or at least she thought she had. 
Reacting to the way Dana was behaving, Claire said, “What’s there to wonder about?” and slipped her hand into mine. 
The girls’ reactions were interesting. Beth choked on a scoffing laugh while Dana’s face went absolutely livid. I had expected Dana, especially, to be a little unhappy to find out about Claire and me, but as I looked at her now, I almost expected electricity to start crackling around her. Saying she was upset would have been a huge understatement. Homicidal would have been a much better choice. 
Hearing the warning bell ring, I was ready to back away from her. Claire wasn’t. 
“We better get to class, girls, but you’re more than welcome to join us for lunch if you want to,” Claire said. “Uriah and I will be sitting together, obviously.” 
Claire turned away after that, prompting Dana to step forward after her. The expression on her face startled me. “Dana,” I said sharply. She stopped right away and looked up at me expectantly. “You should probably get to class, too.” 
Dana frowned at me, but nodded. She grabbed Beth by the arm and stalked off in the opposite direction. Pulling on my arm, Claire tried to make me follow her, but I gently pulled her back to me. She turned around looking rather pleased with herself. That faded when she took in my expression. 
“Was that really necessary, Claire?” I asked. “You knew she was already upset.” 
A hint of shame hid in her eyes, but righteous indignation tried to overpower it. “I knew Dana would be mad about us, but the way she looked so happy when you said we didn’t come to school together, it made me sick. You have no idea what she says about you when you’re not around. She’s obsessed with you, Uriah.” 
“I doubt that,” I said. At the most, it aggravated Dana that I hadn’t fallen all over her like other guys did. She was only mad because she thought she had lost something just now. I was never even close to being hers to start with. 
“I’m serious, Uriah. She talks about you all the time. She’s always talking about how she’s going to be the one to finally pin you down, and she meant that literally,” Claire said. 
Shaking my head, I tried to get that image out of my head. Dana always did talk too much. “Either way, you shouldn’t have said it.” 
Her jaw tightened up, the same way it did every time she bit back a nasty comment around me. Claire had a temper that spiked every time she thought someone was treating her like her dad did. I could imagine she was probably about to say something like “Don’t tell me what to do.” She tried very hard to keep her temper at a minimum around me. I really appreciated that since she was about the only person who ever yelled at me or tried to push me around. It was a little hard to get used to. 
I knew the final bell was going to ring any minute, but that didn’t stop me from pulling Claire into my arms and holding her there. My chest and arms throbbed. “Claire, I don’t care what Dana says about anything. I’m here with you, and nothing she says or does is going to change that. Okay? I don’t want any of the other girls here. I only want you. You’re the only one I’ve ever wanted.” 
“Really?” Claire asked. “Why?” 
I hesitated just long enough for the bell to ring and save me from having to try and explain everything I felt when I was around her. Claire tried to protest as I spun her around and started pulling her to the school but I just kept going. The look on her face when I pushed her toward her first class said our discussion was far from over. 
Every time she caught sight of me between classes, she would try to pull the answer out of me again. She spent the entire lunch hour guessing everything from the color of her eyes, which was definitely part of it, to the type of car she drove, which had absolutely nothing to do with it. By the time we were walking to the cafeteria, my resolve not to tell her everything was waning. I actually found myself slightly disappointed that nobody risked sitting with us at lunch. 
That was how the rest of the day went as well, Claire offering guesses, and anybody who was friends with Dana pointedly avoiding us. That turned out to be most of the high school, unfortunately. Tyler and Lana were the only ones who didn’t seem to care about Dana’s mood swings. At least we had a few allies left. 
Overall, the day actually went better than I expected. Claire snuggled up against me as we walked across the parking lot to her car at the end of the day. I was laughing at another one of Claire’s nonsense guesses when I felt her go rigid beside me. Stopping right away, I started to look down at her when I saw what she had. 
Thomas Brant stood leaning against his daughter’s car. The scowl on his face told me everything. Word sure travelled fast in small towns. 
 
                          
 
Chapter 7
Should Have Known
 
 
“I thought I told you to stay away from Uriah,” Thomas said to his daughter, though his eyes were too busy boring holes through me to look at her. 
“I thought I told you I didn’t care,” Claire said.  
Thomas’s eyes flared and snapped to his daughter. “Watch your tongue, Claire. I don’t have time to deal with your childishness today.” 
“Oh, but you had enough time to leave work and show up at my school just so you could embarrass me?” 
Her body was shaking against mine. I could tell she was getting close to snapping. 
“Go home,” Thomas demanded. 
“I’m not going anywhere.” 
Thomas glared at her and I started to worry things were about to get out of hand. Squeezing her shoulders, I tried to keep her from doing or saying anything too rash. Claire held her temper for me, but I knew she was more than willing to let it loose on her dad. I was all for Claire standing up to her father. The middle of the high school parking lot really wasn’t the best place for that, though. Taking charge, I stepped forward, leaving Claire behind me so she was out of her father’s view. 
“Mr. Brant, it’s nice to see you again, sir. Would you like to talk to me about something?” I asked. 
“I certainly would,” he said. 
“Why don’t we talk over by your car,” I said. It was at the edge of the full parking lot, a good hundred feet from Claire’s car. Thomas nodded and started walking in that direction. I moved to follow him until I realized Claire was moving even more quickly than I was. 
I grabbed her arm as she tried to zip past me. Spinning around, Claire glared at me. That look got me often enough, but I wasn’t giving in this time. Claire’s spite for her father and flair for a fight would only make things worse. I held on and refused to let go. 
“Claire, stay here. I’ll handle this,” I said. 
“Oh, no you won’t. He’s my dad. He’s my problem.” 
“You’re my girlfriend. I should have talked to him a while ago.” Claire had a response ready for that, but I didn’t let her get it out. “If you end up grounded for yelling at him in front of the whole school, you’ll miss meeting my cousins this weekend. And I won’t help you sneak out to see me like last time.” 
Knowing I was serious, Claire relented. Her shoulders drooped dramatically as she settled into a pout adorable enough to make me smile, but not enough to make me change my mind. Running my fingers along her jaw one more time for luck, I smiled at her reassuringly before I turned away. Thomas was rich, and a ruthless business man, but he was weak and selfish. Whatever problem he had with me, I was sure it had no merit. If I could just make him see that, he would have to give in. I stalked toward the only man I had ever feared, determined to make him change his mind. 
Thomas’s frown was just as intense as before, heightened somehow by the casual way he leaned against his Mercedes Benz. Everything about him said success. The tailored clothes, impeccable haircut, even the way his hand reached up to swipe the sunglasses off his face, all told me I was about to lose everything to him. He was so confident. He had no idea just how much I loved his daughter, though. Thomas Brant was the one in for a fight. 
“Uriah, my daughter is strictly off limits to you,” Thomas said. 
“May I ask why?” 
Settling his sunglasses to hang down the front of his shirt, Thomas finally looked up at me. “Does it matter why? I said she’s off limits. The why shouldn’t matter.” 
“It matters to me,” I said. 
He seemed to consider the merit of that for a moment. “Fine. If you must know, you’re not good for Claire. She doesn’t belong with you.” 
“Don’t you think Claire should be the one to decide that?” 
Thomas laughed. “Claire is an immature child who makes decisions based on what she thinks will get a rise out me. I trust her to make her own decisions about as much as I trust a coyote in a sheep pen. Claire is only teasing you with her affection because she knows I don’t approve of her dating you. I told her as much that day you showed up at my house a few months ago. Seeing you again today likely just reminded her of that and she thought she’d try to see if I really meant it. I assure you I do. So, let’s just stop this before it really gets started. Save everybody the headache.” 
“Stop this before it gets started?” Maybe I had been letting Claire influence me more than I thought, but I couldn’t help correcting him. “This started a while ago, Mr. Brant. Claire and I have been dating for three months. Since that day I showed up at your house, actually. I think it’s a little late to talk about saving anyone anything.” 
“Three months?” Thomas muttered through his clenched jaw. “I would have thought better of you than that.” 
I scoffed at his double standard. “If you think so highly of me, why do you have a problem with me dating your daughter?” I asked. “You know me, Mr. Brant. We’ve worked together through sports for years.” 
“That’s exactly it, Uriah. I know you. I know who you are, and I won’t let my daughter get tangled up in your life,” Thomas said. 
The bizarre sincerity in his words caught me off guard. He knew who I was? What was that supposed to mean? He said it as if that should mean something to me, but it only confused me even more. Who I am is Uriah Crowe. Take away sports, and I was just a rancher in love with a girl. What more could he possibly see in me than that? 
“Thomas, I care about Claire. I won’t do anything to hurt her. I can promise you that.” 
“You can’t promise me anything about what might or might not happen. You have no idea what your future holds, Uriah.” 
I was getting tired of his vague, cryptic objections. He had no reason to think I would ever harm Claire in any way. I wasn’t about to let his paranoid fears keep me away from her. Planting myself close enough to him that he would have to push me back to step to the side, I locked him in my gaze. 
“Thomas, there is nothing you can say to me that will make me change my mind about Claire. I don’t understand why you can’t see what an amazing girl she is, but I can. She’s strong, independent, smart, funny, compassionate, kind, and beautiful. I want to be with Claire, and I have no intention of backing off from her,” I said. “And if you have a problem with that, you better give me a better reason for it than that you disapprove.” 
Thomas opened his mouth, but whatever objection he wanted to throw at me didn’t make it past his lips. Seconds passed with him standing there with his mouth open. Just as I expected, not even he could come up a good reason why I shouldn’t be with Claire. Even I was having a hard time finding a reason any more. I wasn't sure if the strange way I felt around her was actually starting to fade, or if I was just getting used to it, but it no longer bothered me as much as it once did. Claire was worth any kind of pain. 
Having given him a fair chance, I said, “Since you can’t think of anything, I expect you to back off and let your daughter be happy for once.” 
His struggle to win seemed to spring up once again when I saw his anger flash across his features, but he managed to quell it quickly enough. “Fine, Uriah. Date Claire if you really want to. Nothing will make me like this, but I doubt I could keep you from her even if I wanted to. You’ll realize sooner or later what a mistake you’re making with her.” 
He shook his head, then, as if he were surprised he had just given in. The feeling must have passed, because his usual sneer crept back onto his face. 
“I should have known better than to try and convince you of anything, Uriah.” Flipping his sunglasses back onto his face, Thomas glanced past me toward Claire. “Just watch yourself. Because despite what Claire thinks, I do care about her. If I put my mind to it, I can make even your life miserable.” 
I watched him slide back into his Mercedes and drive away, more confused than ever about why he hated me so much. His rapid mood swings and bizarre statements left me scrambling for something that made sense. Before I could figure anything out, Claire ran up behind me. Even though she was ready to attack her dad only minutes before, her eyes were wide with anxiety. 
“Where’s he going?” she asked. 
“Um, home, I guess, or back to work. He didn’t say.” As long as he was away from Claire and me, I didn’t care where he was. 
Claire’s eyebrows pulled together in confusion. “What did he say?” 
More than he should have, probably. “Well, we talked about it, and he’s fine with us dating now,” I said. “He shouldn’t cause any more problems for us.” 
“Clearly you don’t know my dad very well,” Claire said, “but what do you mean he’s fine with it? I have never once seen my dad change his mind about something after he decides what he thinks is right. There’s no way he just said it was fine.” 
“Well, this time he did. I asked him if he had any good reason why we shouldn’t date, and he didn’t, so he had to back off,” I said. 
Claire didn’t seem convinced. She studied me as if just watching my expression would reveal some mystery behind what had just happened. In the end she just shrugged and smiled. “I should have known you would convince him. What was I worried about? I should bring you around when I’m fighting with my dad more often.” 
 
 
 
Chapter 8
The Business of Kissing
 
 
Winter in the high desert usually didn’t hit full force until after Halloween, but it seemed to be making an exception that year. It was barely the first week of October and the air was already filled with the harsh bite of ice. The sky was blanketed with low, snow-filled clouds, but everyone expected the storm to pass us by as it usually did. 
Uriah’s clear voice called to me from across the school parking lot. “Claire! Wait up.” His long legs carried him to me in a few short seconds. 
There was no need for him to ask me to wait. I had been watching for him, just as I did every day after school. We spent most afternoons at Uriah’s house, helping each other with our homework and watching television. Because Uriah’s parents only had one vehicle, and his pride refused to let me drive him around, I usually drove to his house every morning then handed over the keys. It was one of his few flaws, but I preferred to let him drive anyway, so I let it slide. Actually, I really would have preferred leaving my car at the school and walking the distance. The longer I could keep Uriah’s hands on me the better. Even if all I ever got from him was hugs and hand holding. The freezing winter temperatures did make me happy to take my car instead. 
“Ready to go?” I asked after accepting a warm hug, even though I was dying for something more. 
We had been together for five months and Uriah had yet to kiss me, except in my dreams, when they weren’t overtaken by someone else, which didn’t happen that often anymore. Dreaming of Uriah was slowly becoming the new norm, but if I spent too much time away from him, my blonde haired, blue eyed man pushed his way back into my thoughts. Every time he did, I woke feeling as if I had betrayed them both. My dream guy because he was in my heart first and should have won my loyalty, and Uriah because I shouldn’t have been thinking of anyone but him anymore. 
Shaking away anymore thoughts of dreams and guilt, I brought myself back to the problem of Uriah not kissing me. At first, I thought it was because of my dad making some kind of threat, but I was starting to think there was more to it than that. 
“Let’s go,” Uriah said. He grabbed the keys I offered him and hurried me into the car. Running over to the driver’s side, he slid in and shut the door quickly. “How’d your algebra test go today?” 
Usually, I did well in math, but my second year of algebra was proving a little more difficult for me than I had expected. It was hard to grasp the problems when everything was so abstract. Uriah’s tutoring was the only thing keeping me afloat. 
“I think it went okay,” I said
“I’m glad.” Uriah took my hand and I leaned into his shoulder. “No more talk about school, though. I don’t want to even think about homework until Monday.” 
“Sounds good to me.” 
“What are we going to do for the next two days?” Uriah asked. 
“I have a stack of movies ready, and if it ever warms up enough, Cole told me about a couple of really great riding trails we can check out. What else do you want to do?” 
“My parents are planning to go down to Santa Fe on Sunday. There’s supposed to be some big play my mom really wants to see,” Uriah said. “Do you think your parents would let you come with us?” 
My dad would most likely throw a fit, but I was sure my mom would allow me to go. And if they couldn’t agree, I’d just make sure Uriah was there to settle it. “Of course. That sounds like fun.” 
“Good,” Uriah said with relief. He pulled into his driveway and came to a stop. “Come on. Let’s get out of the cold.” 
Hand in hand, we walked quickly down the gravel driveway up to Uriah’s house. His parents had gone to Espanola for the day to meet with someone about a horse they wanted to buy. The frigid desert temperatures had meant very little privacy for us lately. I loved Uriah’s parents, but I was looking forward to nestling against him by the fire. Maybe even figuring out how to get him to kiss me. 
Reaching the house just as I was starting to lose feeling in the tip of my nose, Uriah opened the front door and ushered me in. “I’ll be right back with some firewood,” he said before disappearing around the house. He was back within minutes, and I watched him build the welcomed fire. The couch I was sitting on was angled comfortably between the fireplace and the television. Thinking about my plan to get a kiss that day, I dug the book I wanted to read out of my bag and propped myself against the arm of the couch as I thought. 
“Are you hungry?” Uriah asked. 
I shook my head. Uriah was always hungry. Sometimes I thought I could see him growing. In the past year and a half, he had shot up nearly six inches, while I had added maybe an inch to my minimal height. Many of the boys we knew had grown a lot as well, but most were just plain lanky now. Uriah was not. Working with his father was building new muscle, making the girls I knew stare at him behind his back even more than they did before. 
I loved that Uriah seemed to think of himself as an ordinary guy, someone nobody would ever really notice if it weren’t for him playing sports. For myself, I knew that wasn’t true, but none of the other girls thought him ordinary either. Everyone but Dana watched what they said around me now that they all knew Uriah and I were together. Before, I had heard all the gossiping the other girls did about him. 
Thinking of it flushed my face. I couldn’t help but be a little jealous of their interest in him. Dana still smiled and flirted with him every chance she got. Unfortunately, her being in the same grade as Uriah made sure she had plenty of chances, from what Lana said. Uriah was completely oblivious to anyone but me. 
Which was why him not kissing me every chance he got, like I wanted him to, made no sense. I thought the idea that my dad might do something to separate us made Uriah nervous about doing anything to set him off, but I was the only one who would know if he kissed me today, and I certainly wasn’t going to tell my dad. 
Plus, even though Uriah thought my theory about everyone doing what he said was pure imagination, he knew my dad always backed down when he confronted him. He had done it when he first found out about us, when Uriah asked me to go to homecoming with him, and even when I wanted to go with Uriah’s parents to watch him play football out of town. No, something else was holding Uriah back. 
Today, I was going to find out exactly what it was. 
Interrupting my thoughts, Uriah plopped onto the couch next to me, a sandwich piled high with meat balanced in his hands. Flipping on the television, he settled in to eat. I turned my attention back to my book, though it was always hard to focus on anything with Uriah nearby. Tired from a long week of work and school, Uriah was breathing heavily in a deep sleep before I could think of any way to bring up the business of kissing. The slight smile on his lips as he slept was adorable. I smiled despite my disappointment and immersed myself in 18th century Europe until my own eyes started to droop. 
***
He smiled as soon as he saw me. I shouldn’t have, but I smiled back. In a few short steps, he was by my side. His arms wrapped around my body and held me as he had a thousand times before. There were no words between us. There never were. We didn’t need words. We were connected in a way that made speaking unnecessary. 
His hands slipped down to mine and he began leading me out of the nothingness where we always met and into a garden so luscious and flower-filled that the air was thick with their syrupy scent. In the center of the plants there was a blanket lying on the velvet grass. We laid down and my head immediately fell to his chest. His heartbeat matched mine exactly, slow at first, then speeding up as he began trailing, first his fingers, then his lips down my neck. 
***
“Hey,” Uriah said, shaking my shoulder gently a few hours later, “it’s snowing.” 
Blinking rapidly, I guiltily tried to clear thoughts of my dream guy from my mind. How did he even get in my head today? Usually being with Uriah kept him away. I tried very hard not to remember the way he had been stroking my skin. 
“It’s snowing?” I asked. 
“Yeah, let’s go see it.” 
Handing me my jacket, Uriah was already pulling on his own wool lined coat with a smile. I loved his enthusiasm. It was infectious enough to make me push the dream out of my mind. Most likely, whatever snow did fall would be gone by morning, but I had to admit that the hope of seeing the tiny flakes so early in the year had me smiling, too. 
“Come on,” Uriah said impatiently. 
“I’m coming,” I laughed. 
We bounded out the door and were immediately swallowed up in the storm. It was really snowing. Not just the lazy flecks we usually saw in October, but real thick, wet snowflakes. I felt like a little ceramic figurine inside a snow globe. A girlish giggle escaped my lips and I blushed under Uriah’s gaze. His grin outmatched mine. 
“I wonder if it will stick,” Uriah said, gazing at the darkening sky. 
“Probably not,” I said, “but it sure is beautiful. I wish it would snow here more often.” Santa Fe was only forty minutes away, but it got a lot more snow than we did. It made me a little jealous sometimes. 
“But that’s what makes it so special.” Uriah smiled. “I doubt people in Colorado get as excited about snow as we do here.” 
 “Probably not,” I said. I could hear the bleating of Uriah’s sheep and wondered if they were enjoying the scene as much as we were. 
“Maybe we’ll go somewhere where it snows all the time someday. That would sure be a change from the desert, wouldn’t it?” Uriah mused. 
I loved it when he talked about our future together. “We could live high up in the mountains of Colorado, or maybe all the way to Alaska,” I said. 
“Alaska,” Uriah said. “I could do a lot of fishing in Alaska.” 
“I wonder what that would be like, to be so far away from the pueblo.” 
“I can’t really imagine it,” Uriah said. 
“Do you think we’ll ever leave?” I asked. 
“I don’t know.” 
I would love the chance to get away from my father, but leaving would mean leaving my mom and my brother, too. For Uriah, it was an even more difficult choice. Not only did his parents love him, they needed him. The ranch would be too much work for them alone. He felt guilty about wanting to leave, even for college. Uriah’s sense of responsibility and devotion to his family set him apart from so many of the other guys his age. I looked at him and wondered how he could ever think he was ordinary. 
Uriah’s dark eyelashes and hair were dusted with snow, slowly melting as his body heat reached them. A snowflake fell on my cheek. Uriah brushed it away, but his fingers lingered. I felt my face grow hot at his touch. Stepping closer to him, I was unable to resist his warmth. Rising to my toes, I reached my hand behind his neck and started pulling his lips to mine. Uriah dodged me and pulled me into a hug instead. 
Irritated, I pulled back. Forget having a plan, I needed to know. “Uriah, why won’t you kiss me?” 
Surprised by my question, Uriah hesitated. “What do you mean?” he asked. 
 “We’ve been dating for months now, and you still haven’t even tried to kiss me, and every time I try to kiss you, you find a way to distract me. Don’t you want to kiss me?” 
“Of course I do,” he said. “It’s just that…I…I don’t know if I can.” 
I sometimes pretended that Uriah had never kissed anyone else, but I knew for a fact that he had. Twice. I don’t think either kiss was initiated by him since he only dated girls once before dating me, but knowing that, a couple of girls had tried to change his mind about that the first chance they got. Dana was one of the two. Another reason I couldn’t stand her anymore. A really strange girl named Leslie was the other one. She apparently did that to every guy brave enough to take her out. I had no idea what Uriah meant when he said he didn’t know if he could kiss me. 
“I think you might need to explain that,” I said. 
Frowning as he thought, Uriah looked away from me for a few painfully long moments before turning to face me again. “I don’t know how to explain this without sounding like a complete idiot,” he said. 
“Try.” 
“When I’m around you, Claire, I feel different, like something’s pushing me away from you. That sounds stupid enough but, when I touch you, it gets worse. It honestly hurts. My strength disappears, and my body feels actual pain when I’m touching you. Most of the time, I don’t notice it anymore, but when I really want you, it’s almost too much to handle. I have never felt anything like this before.” 
He looked at me with his soft, beautiful eyes, searching for some indication of what I was thinking. I was a lot better at hiding my emotions than he was, but he probably saw my confusion anyway. 
“Look, I know this sounds really stupid, but I’m telling you the truth. I don’t know what will happen to me if I kiss you,” he said. 
Well, I was the one who wanted an answer. I wanted to tell him that it was just his imagination or, hopefully, him falling in love with me, but I was also the one who had tried to tell him I thought he had some kind of power over people. Although, his weird control never seemed to work on me. I argued with him about all kind of things, sometimes just to make sure I still could argue with him. Why would I be the only one able to stand up to him, but the only one who hurt him just by being around him? 
Did anything I was thinking even make the remotest bit of sense? 
I had no idea how to respond to what he had just told me but, for some reason, I found myself believing him. 
Hesitantly, Uriah brought his hand up to my cheek and held it there. I was instantly concerned about hurting him, and it must have showed on my face. A small shake of his head told me not to worry, but I did anyway. The space between us closed as Uriah pulled me nearer. Leaning down, he brought his lips closer to mine. 
“Uriah, wait,” I said. It was a halfhearted protest, though. I would never want to hurt him, but I wasn’t totally sure what he said made sense. And I really did want him to kiss me. 
Bringing his lips close enough that I could feel his warm breath pulsing against my skin, he paused. “I want to kiss you, Claire.” 
“But…” 
“I need to know,” he whispered. 
So did I. 
Uriah’s arms slid around me, pulling my lips to his as the snow fell around us. The icy chill in the air disappeared. Heat coursed through me as my mouth drank him in. My hands ran up Uriah’s chest to his hair, tangling in his dark locks. Every part of me felt alive, free. In that moment, I could see the possibilities of my life blossom into paths I had never even dared dream about. Uriah was my key to the happiness I had always wanted. 
Standing in the middle of the snowstorm, completely alone, part of me wanted to push him further, but the beauty of the moment would have been broken. I could have stayed right there forever. Uriah slumping against the fence kept that from happening. He had to grab the railing to keep himself from sliding to the ground. Lost in the exhilaration of his kiss, I had completely forgotten about what the cost might be. Focusing, I stared at Uriah. 
I could guess that the way he was trembling had less to do with the kiss than the effect I had on him. “Uriah, are you okay?” 
“I’m great,” he said. He was grinning at me, but not as widely as he usually did. 
“No, you’re not. You’re shaking. What’s going on?” I demanded. 
The slow shake of his head wasn’t answer enough, and he knew it. “I don’t know. That hurt more than I expected, but it felt amazing at the same time. I should have kissed you a long time ago.” 
He looked like he was ready to try it again. Pushing him back against the fence, I said, “Stop it. This is freaking me out.” 
“I’m sorry, Claire. I don’t know what else to say. I’ve never felt this way around anyone else. Just you,” he said. “But it gets easier. The first time I really touched you, skin to skin, my knees buckled. But now when I touch you, I just get this sensation like I’m really tired and sore, or I have an old bruise. I barely even notice it anymore unless…well, unless I really want to be with you at the moment. All I have to do is keep kissing you, and eventually all I’ll feel is your amazing lips against mine.” 
Amazing lips, huh? Shaking my head, I tried to stay focused. “But where is this coming from?” I asked. 
“I have no idea,” he said. “Maybe you’re just too incredible for me to be around.” 
“Yeah, right.” Although, I did like the sound of that. 
Shrugging, Uriah said, “Well, maybe the shaxoa cursed me or something. How about that?” 
I rolled my eyes. “Shut up, Uriah. You know I don’t believe in witches and things like that. I’m being serious.” 
“So am I. I don’t know why I feel like this around you, but I don’t care. And now that I know I can survive kissing you, I plan to do it a lot more often,” he said. 
He was brushing this off now that he knew kissing me wouldn’t kill him, but I didn’t think I could let this go as easily. “Uriah, please.” 
“Claire, I’ve tried to figure it out, believe me. My parents have always told me stories about Tewa heroes and legends. I’ve tried so many times to find one that told about something like this. There aren’t many books, but the few my dad has, I’ve read. And I found nothing,” Uriah said. “I wish it would go away and just let me be with you like I want to be, but I don’t think it will. I just have to learn to deal with it, I guess.” 
Bringing me back against him, he kept me close. His gaze held me. I could see that the worry that had been there before was gone. Once again, I only saw how much he cared reflected back at me. 
“Claire, whatever this is, me being too weak to stand being around you, or some ancient Tewa trick to keep guys away from the chief’s daughter, I don’t care. I won’t let you go just because I get a little woozy when I touch you. You mean too much to me.” 
“But I’m hurting you,” I argued. 
“You’re worth it.” 
To prove his point, he kissed me again, deeper and more passionately than the first time. I hadn’t even thought that was possible. White puffs of snow melted on our skin as we held each other. I knew I wouldn’t dream of anyone else but Uriah for a long time after this. Losing myself to him immediately, every other thought but one fled my mind. Whatever made me hurt him, I would find out what it was. 
 
 
 
Chapter 9
Three Words
 
 
Birthdays in my family were a small affair. It wasn’t that we didn’t enjoy celebrating the day, it was just a more private occasion for us, a time for family. Every year on my birthday, my mother made me a special dinner, which we ate together as a family, followed by my favorite desert. 
My gift was always waiting for me on my nightstand when I woke up. I was given a reprieve from my chores and allowed to spend the day doing whatever I wanted, within reason. The day ended every year with my mother sitting next to my bed and telling me of my great grandfather, who I was named for. I had never met him, but I felt as though I knew him very well at an early age, and was proud to bear his name. 
My seventeenth birthday had passed just like all of the others. The only thing that had been missing was Claire. That was only because we hadn’t started dating yet. I wished she had been there, thinking I was being foolish at the time, never expecting that we would be together only a few short months later. What mattered, now, was that today was Claire’s seventeenth birthday, and she was dreading it. Normally, parties and Claire got along great. Dating me had changed that. 
Partly, I think Claire would just rather spend time with me than a pack of other teens, but the rest of it was that most of her old friends had completely abandoned her, thanks to me. Her birthday was making her especially nervous because of her dad. He agreed that we could date but that didn’t stop him from trying to change her mind about me every chance he got. 
After the early cold snap, it had been fairly mild weather for the last week, but we both knew it wouldn’t last much longer. Our walk to her parent’s home in the crisp October air was filled with the sound of Claire’s voice as she told me about the legends she had been studying in hopes of finding some clue about why I reacted to her like I did. It wasn't my favorite topic, and I could only make myself listen with half an ear to her story about a legendary warrior who had received a blessing from the gods, the tremendous strength of a bear, to defend his tribe from a raid. I just hoped that Claire wasn’t now trying to add my physical strength to her list of things to explain. 
There was absolutely no mystery behind my muscle. Or my quick reflexes. Claire had already tried to add those to her list, but I refused to listen to her on that one. Working on the ranch with my dad and playing every sport available made it nearly impossible not to be strong and quick. Spirits of animals or gifts from the gods had absolutely nothing to do with it. Frankly, it kind of annoyed me that Claire thought it did. It being her birthday was the only reason I didn’t ask her to stop talking about it. 
We had spent the afternoon hiking the bluffs, hiding from her enthusiastic mother and trying to get a little alone time, which seemed hard to come by lately. Claire’s mother, Sarah, had invited me to dinner tonight, which I appreciated, but the prospect of spending the evening with Claire’s father made me want to head back out into the desert. Claire practically dragged me up to the wide, double doors of her home. 
“Are you sure we have to do this?” I asked. 
“It won’t be that bad, I promise,” Claire said with a smile. “My mom won’t let him do, or say, anything stupid tonight. And neither will you. If he acts up, just tell him to knock it off and he will.” 
It was another not so subtle reference to my supposed abilities. I tried to tell her it was nothing out of the ordinary but, ever since telling her about the way touching her affected me, she was more convinced than ever. She had spent the last two weeks searching books about Tewa mythology in her dad’s library. Of course, she didn’t find anything useful, just as I hadn’t. It was just a weird fluke. 
Neither of us actually believed in any of the old stories. They were just bedtime stories. That didn’t stop her from reciting legend after legend to me today to see if I thought any of them held a clue she had missed. I hated hearing the myths of our people, but I forced myself to bear it today. I refused to get mad at Claire on her birthday.  Maybe dealing with her dad tonight would at least take her mind off figuring out what was wrong with me. 
“Okay, let’s get this over with,” I said sullenly. 
Claire smiled. She found my fear of her father strangely amusing. With a deep breath, Claire pushed the door open. Lights, music, and laughing faces ambushed us. It took me a few seconds to realize it was a surprise party and not an attack. Claire laughed, hugging the guests one by one. Relief drew a deep sigh from my chest. This would make it much harder for Thomas to corner me and make his usual threats. 
Claire was back by my side, pulling me into the crowd, introducing friends and family I had never met before. Shaking hands, I knew I would never remember any of their names. Finally, we made our way to Sarah. She was grinning as she pulled Claire into her arms. 
“You don’t mind, do you?” she asked with a guilty smile. “I know you don’t really like big parties anymore, but I just couldn’t resist. Every girl should have a great party for her birthday, a real party, not just dinner with your boring old parents.” 
“It’s great, Mom, thanks,” Claire said, throwing me a wink. She knew I had not been thrilled at the prospect of having to spend the night staring at her dad. “I don’t think I even know half of these people, though.” 
Glancing around the room, my eyes settled on a group of nervous looking people standing near the fireplace. Claire was watching them as well. “Who are they?” she asked. 
“Oh, you know your father,” Sarah said with a slight frown, “he invited some business friends. He’s always on the lookout for opportunities to make new acquaintances and business deals. Don’t worry about it. Just enjoy your party.” 
“Thanks, Mom. Everything looks great,” Claire said. 
Despite Sarah’s claim that the strangers were business friends, I couldn’t help but notice that each of the families happened to have a son close to Claire’s age. I hoped Claire hadn’t made the same connection. In the few short months since she had confided in me how much her father’s attitude and comments hurt her, Claire had gotten much better at handling the way he treated her. His behavior still stung her, but she said that having me around made it easier to brush off the way he acted. Even still, she would not be happy if she found out her father was trying to set her up with other guys. She was still pretty touchy when it came to things like that. 
“Are you hungry?” Claire asked. Her face was flushed with pleasure. She must not have seen the eager young men. “Mom said there’s food in the den. I’m starving. Do you want me to get you something?” 
Her father’s business friends were in the den. I did not want them pouncing on her and ruining her night. “How about I get you something? You just enjoy the party.” 
“Thanks, Uriah. I’m going to say hi to my Aunt Valerie. I can’t believe she came all the way from Denver for my birthday party,” Claire said excitedly. 
Valerie was Sarah’s sister. I had met her once before and instantly liked her. She was exactly like her sister, kind and enthusiastic. Hopefully, Valerie could keep Claire occupied for a while. 
“I’ll be right back. Tell Valerie hi for me.” 
A quick peck that barely even affected me, and I was heading for the buffet tables stacked along two of the walls in the den. Even if Claire hadn’t been able to find out anything about the weakness and pain I felt around her, it turned out I was right about practice making perfect. The more I kissed Claire, the easier it got. Crossing over to the buffet tables, I grabbed a couple of plates. The spread looked delicious. Claire’s mother had really outdone herself. And by that I meant the caterers had outdone themselves.
“Well, maybe you should go find her,” I heard someone whisper. It came from the direction of Claire’s wannabe suitors. It took considerable effort not to look over at them. 
“I don’t even know her. What am I supposed to say to her?” a young man whispered to his mother. 
“Tell her happy birthday for starters. Her father said he thought you would be someone she would get along with. And when Claire transfers to the high school in Santa Fe next semester she’ll want a friend to show her around. Mr. Brant is a friend of your father’s. Don’t embarrass him,” the young man’s mother hissed. 
Great, Claire was about to be ambushed by teenage boys who all thought they were going to be her new boyfriend. And what on earth was that woman talking about? Claire wasn’t transferring high schools. If Thomas even tried to bring it up, Claire would freak out. He knew that. He must be getting desperate to get her away from me. Thomas would never cease to surprise me. I really wished I knew why he hated me so much. 
 Filling two plates, I hurried away from the pair, hoping the boy’s nerves would keep him away for the whole night. Scanning the room for Claire, I found Cole instead. Dodging a few dancing teens, I stepped closer to him. 
“Hey, Cole, could you do me a favor?” I asked. 
Peeling his attention away from the young woman coyly twirling a strand of hair around her finger, Cole managed a quick, “Yeah, sure. What is it?” 
I didn’t recognize the girl he was talking to, so I leaned close to his ear, fearing she might be related to the guy in the den. “Your dad invited some friends…who have teenage sons. I think they’re here to try their luck with Claire. Would you keep them away?” 
“Can’t handle the competition?” Cole asked. 
“Your dad told them Claire is transferring to Santa Fe High and wants to make some new friends. I think we can both guess how Claire will react if she finds out why they’re here,” I said seriously. 
Cole nodded. He had to live in the same house as Claire and Thomas, and knew exactly how heated their fights could get. “No problem.” 
“Thanks.” 
I spotted Claire walking across the kitchen with Valerie then. She was coming toward me. Putting distance between me and the den, I walked over to her, stealing a kiss before handing her the plate of food. 
“Uriah, sweetheart, how have you been?” Valerie asked. Slipping her arm around my shoulders, she kissed me on the cheek. I blushed instantly. Claire giggled at my response. Valerie had greeted me like that the last time we met, and I had reacted exactly the same. I think she thought it was funny. 
“I’m fine. How are you, Valerie?” I asked. 
Wrapping her other arm around Claire, she said, “I’m great. You two should come and visit me in Denver sometime. Maybe over Christmas vacation. I’m sure you guys could use a break from Thomas.” Valerie had never cared for her sister’s choice in a husband. 
Claire rolled her eyes. “Yeah right, Val. My dad would sooner cut off his own hand than let us go to Denver together.” 
“Oh, your mom and I might be able to change his mind. We’re very persuasive,” Valerie said. 
Not that I doubted that Valerie, a successful defense attorney, was very good at getting what she wanted, but I knew she would never succeed in getting us to Denver. Claire shared my opinion. 
“Good luck with that,” Claire said. 
Valerie merely shrugged. “So, what have you two been up to lately,” she asked, “other than driving Thomas crazy, that is?” 
“School mostly, hiking, riding, and hanging out at Uriah’s house. The usual stuff,” Claire said. “How long are you staying?” 
“Unfortunately, I have to head back tomorrow,” Valerie said. “I wish I could stay for a few more days, but I’ll be in court Monday and I need the rest of the weekend to prepare. Next time I’ll stay longer, I promise.” 
Popping into place next to Claire, Sarah said, “Claire, honey, Grandma has a gift she wants to give you. I told her she could just leave it on the table, but she really wanted to give it to you herself. Do you mind running over to her for a minute? She’s tired and won’t be able to stay much longer.” 
“Sure, Mom,” she said. “I’ll be right back, Uriah.” 
Handing me her plate, Claire rushed into the den. It took a second for me to remember why I did not want Claire going into the den. Cole was nowhere to be seen. So much for his help. Quickly, I set the plates down and excused myself. I hurried over, not wanting to cause a scene by running through the crowded house, but trying to prevent an explosion. 
The milling people blocked my view of the sunken den. I politely pushed my way through, seeing Claire sitting next to her aging grandmother. She had already opened the gift and was clasping the necklace around her neck. She hugged her grandmother warmly, kissing her wrinkled cheek. Claire stood just as the nervous young man I had overheard earlier approached her. My steps quickened. 
Stuck behind a group of chatting teens, I couldn’t hear what he said to her, but Claire politely extended her hand. I was almost to Claire when her face turned beet red. I saw her mouth open, and I had a pretty good idea of what was coming next. Grabbing her shoulders, I spun Claire toward me, sweeping her into a desperate kiss. She was stiff with anger, and the young man behind her was staring at me with his mouth open, but I didn’t let up. Slowly, Claire’s shoulders released their tension and she pressed her lips closer to mine. I pulled back only when I could feel that she was completely distracted. My knees were trying to drop me, but I held onto Claire hoping it would pass quickly. 
“There you are, Claire,” I said. I turned to the shocked guy who had managed to close his mouth finally. “Excuse us, please. I need to borrow Claire for a minute.” 
The young man nodded slowly and silently. I had no desire to explain. 
Claire remembered what had set her off in the first place and sputtered furiously as I pulled her through the den and out the front door. The cool air was a relief after the crowded house. “That guy,” Claire began. 
I ran my hand along her jaw line, trying to calm her down, but Claire was too worked up to even notice. 
“He said my father told him to come and talk to me. He told him I was transferring to Santa Fe next semester. How could he tell him that? What is wrong with my dad? I could kill him right now!” 
Pulling Claire into my arms, I stroked her hair. “It’s okay, Claire. Just forget about it.” 
Claire made a noise that said she didn’t appreciate the suggestion. 
“If you go back in there and confront him, it will upset your mom. If you pretend nothing happened, your dad will be ticked off that his plan didn’t work and he’ll go back to sulking for a while. We both know he’s never going to convince you, or your mom for that matter, to transfer to Santa Fe. I won’t let him take you away. Don’t let him ruin your party. Your mom is really excited about this.” 
“He makes me so mad. He thinks he can control my life, but he can’t. I won’t let him,” she said. “Why won’t he just leave us alone? I don’t understand it.” 
“It doesn’t matter what stupid ideas your father comes up with. They won’t work. I love you and I won’t let your father come between us.” I felt Claire freeze. I glanced behind me, worried that either her dad or another one of his lackey suitors had followed us out, but I saw no one.  Looking back at Claire, I saw her head come up, her eyes wide and teary. 
“You’ve never said that before,” she whispered. 
Confused, I replayed the words in my mind. 
Claire didn’t wait for me to figure it out. “You said you loved me.” 
Her words struck me. Had I really never said those words out loud before? I had thought them at least a thousand times, probably more. I loved everything about her. I always had. 
“Do you really mean it?” she asked. 
I was amazed she even had to ask. “Of course I do.” 
Claire grinned. Her earlier anger had disappeared completely. “I love you, too.” 
I already knew Claire loved me, but hearing her say it was electrifying. Her reaction to me a second ago made perfect sense now. The world around me disappeared in the face of her love. Wishing this feeling would last forever, I promised myself I would tell her everyday how much I loved her. I never wanted her to forget. Music from Claire’s party drifted out to us, but we were happy to stay where we were. 
Reaching her lips up to me, Claire sealed her love with mine. My hands pulled her against me more tightly as our mouths moved together. A rush of debilitating pain swept through me, but I didn’t care. The chill of the night disappeared beneath the heat of our bodies pressed together. 
As my hands traced down the curve of her back, I lost myself in her. Our lips finally parted and I pulled Claire against me, partly because she was keeping me upright, but mostly because I never wanted to lose contact with her again. Our heavy breaths misted the air around us. Neither of us was thinking about her father anymore. The only thing that mattered was that we loved each other. That was stronger than anything that would come against us. 
At least, I hoped it was. 
 
 
 
Chapter 10
Stay Calm
 
 
My dad stood checking the shears he was holding. I led the first sheep up onto the platform, patting its head as it calmly waited for spring shearing to begin. “Claire didn’t want to come watch?” my dad asked. “You two are practically inseparable these days.” 
This was the first weekend in months that we wouldn’t spend together. “The sheep don’t seem to like Claire very much,” I said. 
At least, not when we were together. Claire tried to help me bottle feed one of the early lambs last week. I started out trying to show her how to hold the lamb and position the bottle, but little Ayashe kept squirming and kicking so much that it was impossible to get her to eat. It wasn’t until I went to get a blanket to wrap around the lamb’s body that she finally settled down. The second I put my hand on Claire’s shoulder to see how she was doing, Ayashe starting wiggling again. 
My dad had seen the whole thing, and he laughed as he remembered it, now. “Claire just needs to spend more time around them. I bet they’re jealous of her. Animals can be like that.” 
I wasn’t convinced. I knew Claire had already added it to her list of strange things we couldn’t explain. 
“Things seem to be going pretty well between you and Claire,” Dad said. 
I nodded. 
“That’s good. Your mother worried about you, you know? Thought you spent too much time alone. Now we can barely get a chance to talk to you without Claire being two steps behind. But it’s good. I’m glad you two are getting along so well.” 
I didn’t say anything. Nothing he said was new. Claire and I had been together for almost a year, now. I knew my dad well enough to know that this idle chatter was leading up to what he really wanted to say. 
“How serious are things between you two?” Dad finally asked. “I know your mom and I have both talked to you about sex, but I also know it’s easy to forget what your parents say when you’re with the girl you love.” 
Not that again. I had already had to endure being cornered on my eighteenth birthday by Claire’s dad. He flat out told me that if I had sex with his daughter, he would call the police and have me arrested now that I was eighteen and Claire wasn’t. I wasn’t sure that would really stick, but if anyone could find a way to convince a judge, it would be Thomas Brant. Added to that were loving, but serious threats from my own mom, and less forceful, but more meaningful words of wisdom from my dad. Plus the fact that even though kissing Claire got easier every time I did it, I was pretty sure sex would, at the very least, knock me out. I was going to have to work up to that somehow. 
“Dad, we’re not sleeping together.” That was as much discussion as I was interested in having about that topic. 
My dad nodded. There was no questioning in his face. I never lied to him. He took what I said at face value and moved on. “You’re leaving for college after this coming summer and, well, I want to know what you’re planning when it comes to Claire.” 
A grin spread across my face before I could stop it, making my dad regard me closely. “I plan on marrying her,” I said. 
Nodding as if he had expected that, he stroked the sheep standing in front of him. “That’s what I figured you would say. You realize that she still has another year of high school left, right?” 
“Of course I do, Dad. I’m planning on asking her next summer after she graduates. We can get married, and then we’ll go back to Las Cruses for school,” I said. 
“You’ll have to ask the Elders for permission first,” he said. 
The Elders. I hadn’t even thought about them. I didn’t want to think about them. “Dad, you don’t really expect me to go to the Elders and ask permission, do you? Getting Thomas to agree is going to be hard enough. The Elders’ permission really doesn’t mean anything anymore.” 
“It’s part of your heritage, Uriah. You need to respect that.” The serious set of his jaw told me how much he meant what he had just said. Tradition was very important to him. His family had lived here for centuries. Myth and legend were a part of him just as much as me and Mom were. Going against tradition would be like going against him. I didn’t want to do that to him. If he wanted to see us speak to the Elders, I would consider it. 
“But, Dad, if I go to the Elders next summer, they’ll make us wait a year before we get married. That would make it two years from now. I don’t want to wait that long. I would have to ask Claire to marry me this summer,” I said. 
I wanted to spend my life with her more than anything, but was she ready to have me propose to her? Was I? 
“That would be your choice, then. You need to think about what you’re ready to do, and what you’re not willing to wait for,” Dad said. “And you need to consider that other things could stand in your way. More than just time. You have to be ready for everything that might come at you, not just Thomas or the Elders.” 
What other things? My dad had always tried to teach me what he thought I would need to know. Physical combat he learned in the military, shooting, shearing sheep, being a good person that others would respect. The lessons I had learned from him were countless, but I didn’t understand what he was trying to say. I knew Thomas would fight me when I asked to marry Claire, but what else could there possibly be? 
“I think going to the Elders would help you, Uriah. Quaile can help you. I really think you should consider it.” Dad folded his arms across his chest then, having said what needed to be said. 
“I’ll think about it, okay?” 
Dad nodded, probably expecting that I would eventually do as he asked. I usually did. Not because I believed in stories about the Trickster or the legendary love of Twin Souls, but because I loved and respected him. Eventually, I always saw the wisdom in what he wanted me to do. Facing the Elders, though, made me more than a little nervous. The shaman, Quaile Faimin, was a beast of a woman on her best day. I wasn’t sure how my dad thought she could help me, but he was right about these kinds of things more often than not. 
“Well, we better get started,” Dad said. “I’ll do the first batch then I’ll hand the shears over to you. I want to see you get the whole coat off in six minutes this year. Last year it took you eight.” 
“Six minutes? That’s how fast professionals do it. I can’t shear a sheep that fast.” 
“I can do it in six minutes,” he said. “I’m no professional.” 
“No, you’ve just been shearing sheep for forty years, that’s all.” 
Not a professional? Yeah right. My dad was one of the best sheep handlers around. Except for a tour in the Marines in his twenties, he had spent his entire life around sheep. 
“Just watch me first. When it’s your turn, do what I did. It’s not that hard.” 
My dad’s confidence in me was always welcome, but I thought it was a little misplaced in that moment. I just shook my head, though. “I’ll try, Dad, but I’m not making any promises.” 
Satisfied with that, the electric shears buzzed to life and my dad started carving the wool away in one big piece. I kept an eye on my watch as he did. Five minutes and fifty-eight seconds later, the first whole piece was off. Not a professional, my foot. We went on like that all morning, me leading the sheep to my dad, and him buzzing away their thick winter coats. The stack of fluffy white next to us grew. 
Rubbing his shoulder and wincing, he said, “My arm’s getting tired. One more for me, and then it’s your turn.”
“Alright, but don’t get your hopes up too high, all right.” 
“Just do your best.” 
Hoping to test his six minutes, I grabbed the largest sheep in the pen and led him over. Dad smiled at my choice. He knew why I had chosen that one. Holding the sheep with one hand, he turned the shears on and brought them close to the sheep’s shoulder. Before he could start, though, something snapped in the shears and the whole thing started twitching wildly. My dad sighed and shook his head. 
“I left the screwdriver in the barn. I’ll be right back,” Dad said. 
We were out in the far field, today, at least a quarter-mile from the house. It would take him a while to get all the way back up to the barn, fix the shears, and make it back to me. I figured I might as well do something useful while I waited so I started bundling up the wool Dad had already cut. I was halfway through the pile when I heard something coming from the barn. The barn was so far away, I shouldn’t have been able to hear anything that was happening in it, but I knew instinctively that was where the sound had come from. 
Standing very still, I listened again. It was faint, but I could hear my name being called. It sounded like my dad. There was something wrong with his voice. The sound came again, louder, more urgent. Something was definitely wrong. He needed me. An anguished cry sent me rocketing over the fence and toward the barn. Before the sound faded, I had sprinted the entire distance, stumbling into the barn to find my dad lying on the floor in agony. 
“Uriah, what happened?” my mom was asking, shaking my shoulder to try to get me to respond. 
I looked up at her then down at my dad. I was holding his head and shoulders in my lap. I didn’t remember coming over to him, or kneeling down, or trying to pick him up. 
“Uriah, what happened?” Mom repeated hysterically. Tears were running down her cheeks as she stared at her husband. “We heard you screaming and ran out to find you like this. What happened?” 
I didn’t remember screaming either. “I…I don’t know, Mom.” I shook my head, but my thoughts stayed murky. “I can’t remember. I ran up to the barn when I heard Dad calling my name. But I don’t remember what happened after I saw him.” 
“It’s just the trauma, Uriah. Focus on your dad, right now,” Sophia, the local nurse, said. 
I looked up and started when I saw her. I hadn’t even realized she was here. She was busy working on my dad as she spoke. Stethoscope in her ears and an aspirin bottle open next to her, it looked like she had already been working for a few minutes. I had forgotten she was even at the house today. 
“What’s wrong with him?” I finally asked. I could still see the pain in his eyes, but the glassy film that was there now clouded them so much. 
“It’s his heart. I think he had a heart attack. I gave him some aspirin, but his vitals aren’t good. I already called an ambulance. They’ll be here soon,” Sophia said. The grim determination in her face barely hid the panic. 
Mom was crying and squeezing Dad’s hand as she whispered that everything was going to be all right. I couldn’t even focus enough to do that. A heart attack. I should have seen it earlier. He kept rubbing his shoulder and wincing when he took too deep of a breath. I knew his heart was weak. I should have recognized the signs. I thought he was just getting tired. He had been working too hard lately. 
“I should have seen it,” I said to myself. 
“Hush, Uriah. You can’t think like that,” Sophia said. 
She pressed the stethoscope against his chest again and listened. Her frown wasn't very optimistic. Mom started crying. I could see my hands shaking, but I couldn’t feel them. I couldn’t feel anything anymore. 
“You said you heard your dad calling you?” Sophia asked, trying to keep me from losing it. “Where were you?” 
“In the far field. The shears broke, and Dad came up here to fix them. I heard him calling my name and I ran to him,” I said. How had I gotten up here so fast? 
“You heard him all the way out there? We didn’t hear him yell anything,” Sophia said. 
Confusion crowded in with my fear. “I know I heard him,” I said. 
Sophia wasn’t paying much attention to me anymore. She was staring at my dad like I was. He was lying too still now. I could barely even see his chest moving anymore. I couldn’t lose him. Tears started falling down my cheeks.
Sophia looked over at me, her eyes desperate to offer me something. “Just stay calm, Uriah. The ambulance will be here in a few minutes.” 
I tried. I really tried to stay calm. How did we go from talking about whether or not my dad was a professional shearer to him lying in the dirt? I felt so responsible for not seeing the warning signs earlier. Sophia had to do something to save him. She kept listening to his heart, telling us the ambulance would be there any minute. Mom was crying. She told Dad over and over again that she loved him. I just sat there with tears running down my face, wondering if this was my fault. 
 
 
 
Chapter 11
Less Than Five
 
 
“Yes, I think your wife will love the weaving,” I said. 
I didn’t know his wife and I had no idea whether or not she would like it, but the guy buying it seemed pretty happy about his purchase. Tourists usually did. Native American art was particularly new and exciting to people who had never seen it before. I had been around it so much I didn’t get quite as excited as this guy did anymore. It was a beautiful rug, though. 
I watched him walk out to his car and picked up my book again. It was going to be a long boring weekend. Normally, I avoided my dad’s trading post religiously, but with the arrival of spring, Uriah was needed at the ranch as much as possible. Knowing I would see so little of him for the next couple days, and how lonely I would be without him, I gave in to my mom’s suggestion to try and build a better relationship with my dad. Plus, I needed something to distract myself while I was away from Uriah. 
My dreams had been focused on him lately, but I was afraid that being away from Uriah all weekend would invite someone else back in. He slipped in rarely anymore, but when he did…just thinking about the intensity of my last dream brought a blush to my cheeks. It sounded bizarre, but I could have sworn he was fighting to keep me from forgetting him. I wasn’t sure I wanted to remember him anymore, though. Whether he was truly out there somewhere or not, I had Uriah. The fantasy of my dream man finding me one day lost more of its allure every minute I spent with Uriah. 
 So, when one of the girls who worked at the trading post called in sick, I agreed to work in my dad’s store for the weekend. I really only braved coming here because I knew my dad spent very little time at the store now that he had the casino to keep him busy. At least manning the cash register gave me a chance to search my dad’s collection of Tewa related books. Prepared for a boring afternoon, I grabbed a couple more books off the shelf that I wanted to read. A few of them actually looked promising. It was a little early in the year for the tourist rush, so I was counting on having plenty of alone time this weekend to try and ferret out some answers. 
I had searched everything I could find at home and at the library over the past few months and gotten nothing. Well, not nothing, I supposed. My mom wasn’t Tewa, so she never told me any tribal stories, and my dad never had the time to tell me much about my heritage. In the books, I had discovered the wondrous stories and myths of my people. It felt good to finally know more about who I was. 
The stories about Twin Souls turned out to be my favorites. The idea of a single soul split into two bodies, in the hope that they would find each other on earth, were too captivating to put down, even though they had nothing to do with the answers I was trying to find. Once, I thought the man in my dreams was out there searching for me, but I felt sure I had already found the one person I wanted to be with forever. 
It was the stories of the heroes of our past that gave the most relevant hints about Uriah. Unfortunately, those were the ones Uriah wanted to talk about the least. I didn’t understand that at all.  I wasn’t even close to giving up, but in a world of men gushing water and fish out of their body, people turning into animals for various reasons, and White Corn Maiden and Deer Hunter being shot into the sky on arrows to chase each other through all eternity because of their selfishness, Uriah seemed to be unique even then. I was actually starting to believe that the kind of stories I was looking for might have been hidden purposely, just to irritate me to death. 
Uriah still thought I wouldn’t find anything, but I kept digging. Making people do what he said, not being able to touch me without feeling as if he were going to pass out, and the way the animals freaked out when he and I were together was too much for me to ignore. Flipping another page, I read a story about a legendary warrior who was blessed by the Great Spirit to be able to speak to animals. That wasn’t exactly what I was looking for, but I kept reading.  
I was fully immersed in the story of a man trying to save his village from a raiding tribe when the door slammed open. I looked up to see Cole dashing up to the counter in a panic. Usually so carefree, the worried expression on my brother’s face set my nerves on edge. 
“What’s wrong?” I asked. 
“It’s Uriah’s dad,” Cole explained as he tried to catch his breath. “He had a heart attack. Sophia tried to help him, but the ambulance took him a few minutes ago.” 
Dropping my book on the counter, I was already on my way out the door. Cole grabbed my hand, shoving a set of keys between my fingers. “The ambulance just left for the hospital in Espanola. Uriah’s mom went with them, and Uriah’s following in their truck.” 
“Espanola?” I questioned. “He needs to go to Santa Fe if he’s had a heart attack.” 
“They don’t think he’ll make it that far,” Cole said seriously. 
My breath caught in my throat. Tears filled my eyes. Uriah and his father were closer than any father and son I had ever met, including my own dad and Cole. I knew Uriah would be devastated without his father. There was no way I could let him face that alone. 
“Thank you, Cole,” I said before sprinting out the door. 
Driving from San Juan to Espanola only took ten minutes, usually. I made it in less than five. The little hospital had a very small parking lot, too small to fit the number of cars there on a daily basis. Cursing at whoever’s idea it was to make it so tiny, I parked at the very back of the parking lot and sprinted for the entrance. Unfamiliar with the building, I searched the lobby, wondering where they would have taken Uriah’s father. 
“Can I help you, miss?” a receptionist asked. The polite smile on her face flinched when she saw my frenzied expression. 
“Where’s the emergency room?” 
“It’s right down the hall,” she said, pointing to a black and white sign fifteen feet away. It read “Emergency Room” with a black arrow pointing down the hallway. I wondered whether I had thanked the woman for her help as I ran down the hallway. The thought was fleeting. Rounding the last corner, I knew I had reached the right place. 
People milled around the small room, some in white coats and scrubs, others sniffling or coughing. A phone rang above the din. Searching for the source of the sound, my eyes fell on the main desk, tucked away in a corner. I tried to walk, but the relative calmness of the room grated on me. My hands were twitching nervously when I reached the desk. 
“Notah Crowe?” 
The receptionist’s face wrinkled with concern. “Room three, dear. Down the hall to the left.” 
“Thank you,” I remembered to say before following her directions deeper into the hospital. Running past several nurses, I turned the corner without slowing. 
“Claire!” 
Skidding to a stop, I looked around. Strong hands grabbed my shoulders, turning me around and crushing me in a trembling embrace. 
“Uriah,” I said, not needing to see his face to know who the arms and chest belonged to. “I came as fast as I could. How’s your dad?” 
Uriah’s chest heaved as tears splashed on my face. His choking sobs terrified me. “He’s gone, Claire. They couldn’t save him.” 
Uriah’s arms tightened around me. I could barely breathe, but I squeezed back. 
“I’m so sorry.” 
I didn’t know what else to say to him. I had never lost anyone close to me before now. Even though Uriah’s father was not an actual relative, I loved him like a father, more than my own, probably. I had planned to be part of his family in the very near future, but now he was gone. My heart was breaking for my own loss, but it was nothing compared to the hurt I felt watching my gentle Uriah in such exquisite pain. 
Uriah leaned heavily against my small frame. I knew I couldn’t support his weight if he collapsed. “Uriah, let’s sit down,” I pleaded. 
A slight nod was the only response he could muster. Pulling back from him just a little, I searched the hallway for a place to sit. A few yards away I spotted two well-worn chairs. Moving toward the chairs, I pulled Uriah along. After a few steps, he looked up and realized where we were going. Then he was pulling me. 
Uriah fell into a chair. I moved to sit in the chair next to him, but Uriah pulled me onto his lap. Wrapping me tightly in his arms again, he nestled his face in my hair. Breathing deeply, he tried to shut the world out. Uriah was strong, physically and emotionally, but when he felt overwhelmed, he tried to limit his thoughts to one simple thing, the scent of my hair. I often wondered what he had done to calm himself before we were together. 
We sat there in the hallway, quietly consoling each other until Uriah’s tear streaked mother emerged from the hospital room. An elderly doctor held her arm warmly as he led her through the doorway. Knowing Lina needed her son, I pulled myself out of Uriah’s embrace, leaving him free to go to her. His tears flowed again as he reached her. I watched them silently, not wanting to intrude on their grief. 
Their words were hushed, neither one capable of speaking above a pain-filled whisper. Reaching up to kiss her son’s cheek, Uriah’s mother tried to calm her tears. She nodded and gestured toward the hospital room. Uriah turned to me, his expression begging me to come to his side. Quickly, I stepped forward to answer his plea.   
Before I could find Uriah’s hand, his mother snatched me away, her shaking arms pulling me close. “I’m so sorry, Mrs. Crowe,” I said quietly.
Her sniffle cut off quickly as she pulled back and forced a weak smile onto her lips. “Thank you for coming, Claire. Notah loved you like you were his own daughter. He would have wanted you to be here.” 
“I loved him too,” I said.
 Loved. I loved him, not, I love him. Notah Crowe was gone. He would never give me one of his shy hugs again. It was hard to look Uriah’s mother in the eye and not burst into tears. She pulled me into another hug, tears flowing freely down her cheeks. After a few seconds, she squeezed my hands tightly before releasing them and glancing at Uriah. Following her gaze, I saw Uriah reach for me, needing me. 
Taking my hand, Uriah took a hesitant step toward the doorway. His breathing was ragged, but he steeled himself and crossed the floor to his father’s bedside. Wires and tubes sprung from his father’s body. It pained me to think that none of them had been able to do any good. 
“I can’t do this,” Uriah whispered. “I can’t say goodbye to him.” 
I squeezed Uriah’s hand gently. Any words I might have offered were stuck tightly in my throat. 
“What am I going to do without him?” Uriah said. 
“It’ll be okay, Uriah,” I said finally. “You’re strong, and so is your mom. You will get through this.” 
Uriah crumpled, his head falling onto his father’s bed. His free hand grasped his father’s tightly. “He has been my guide and my friend my whole life. I don’t even know how to begin going on without him.” 
“You’ll find a way,” I promised. “I’ll be by your side to help.” 
Looking up, Uriah turned to me. “Do you promise? I don’t think I can do this without you, Claire.” 
“Of course I will. I’ll always be here for you.” 
His expression softened. Turning back to his father, Uriah closed his eyes as he touched his father’s hand for the last time. His farewell was private, but I could feel the strength it took for Uriah to offer it. 
Slowly, we walked from the room. I didn’t know how a person got over losing their dad, but I knew Uriah was strong enough to survive this, even if he didn’t. He always said he was just a simple rancher. He never saw how much strength he really had. Perhaps he would realize that now. 
 
 
 
Chapter 12
A Small Box and A Letter
 
 
Claire and I were the only ones left at the gravesite. Someone had pulled my mom away a while ago, probably Sophia or Claire’s mom. I wasn’t sure where anyone but Claire was anymore. Claire was the only thing keeping me together. I hadn’t let go of her since my dad died. Not even Thomas objected when Claire didn’t come home night after night. 
In the week since leaving the hospital, she stayed by my side through the long days, where everything I saw reminded me of him, and the torturous nights that gave me dreams of fishing or hunting with my dad again. I felt like a child huddling on the couch with her, but I couldn’t let go. And for once, touching Claire didn’t affect me at all. The pain of losing my dad outweighed everything else. 
“Uriah,” Claire said softly, “are you ready to go?” 
When we left, the mound of dirt sitting to the side would pour back into the hole and seal my dad away forever. I would never sit on the riverbank with him again. We would never spar with one another and laugh about the bruises we gave each other. The last talk we would ever have would be of me asking Claire to marry me. 
At the time, I hadn’t been sure whether I would go to the Elders or not, but there was no way I would ignore my dad’s advice. I still thought it was pointless. The Elders’ permission didn’t mean very much to me. Knowing I had followed my dad’s last piece of advice meant everything to me, though. He loved the traditions of our people, and thought they should be kept close so they weren’t lost to the future. I would go to the Elders this summer. 
“Uriah,” Claire said again, “let me take you home, okay?” 
I nodded, feeling slightly better than before. Leading me away from the gravesite, Claire slid in close to me and let me hold her under my arm. I didn’t need to tell her that I wanted her close. The brief moment she let go of my hand to walk around to the driver’s side brought back the full intensity of my pain. 
I should have been able to bear it better when I wasn’t touching Claire, since I felt my strength rush back in when she left, but the opposite seemed to happen. Claire stole a part of me when I put my arms around her, but having her near me gave that part back along with all of her own strength that she let me borrow from. In the face of the pain from losing my dad, I actually felt stronger with her near me. 
“I talked to my parents about helping you and your mom out at the ranch after school, and over the summer,” Claire said. “I know the animals don’t really like me, but maybe I could do other stuff, like helping in the fields or mucking stalls. I, at least, know how to do that already.” 
“But, Claire, you have dance after school. And we finally convinced your dad to let you play volleyball. You have preseason camp all summer. I don’t want to interfere with that. Me and Mom will figure it out,” I said.
 Sophia had mentioned a couple of people who might be able to help us out regularly. It meant paying wages, but it was just what we were going to have to do for now. 
“I don’t care about ballet, at all. You know that. I only did it because I hated piano more. And volleyball, it’s not that important. I’ve never even played before. I just thought it would be fun.” Starting the engine, Claire pulled onto the road and headed out of the cemetery. 
Volleyball was important to her. She had been so excited when I finally talked her dad into lifting his “unladylike” ban on the sport. She only had one year left of high school. It was probably her last chance to play. “We’ll be fine. There’s a couple guys around town looking for work. I’m sure one of them will be able to help us. You can’t give up everything just to come feed sheep and brush horses.” 
“I’m hardly giving up everything, Uriah,” she said. “I want to help. I love you, and I promised I would be there for you. Besides, I have to get used to living on a ranch eventually, right?” 
The teasing smile she gave me actually made me smile. She knew I wanted to marry her. The fact that we wanted to spend the rest of our lives together was no secret. The timing was the only thing she didn’t know about, yet. 
“Are you sure, Claire? I don’t want you to do it just because you think you have to. We’ll keep the ranch running either way,” I said. 
“But having me there will make it easier.” 
“Sure, but…” 
“There’s no but, Uriah. I’m part of your life. You need help, and I want to be the one to help you. I love you,” she said. She had been so strong for me all week, but tears suddenly filled her eyes. “And I loved your dad, too. I want to do this for him as much as I do for you.” 
I knew she missed him, too, but I had been so concerned with my own pain that I hadn’t even attempted to help her with hers. I felt like such a jerk. Squeezing her hand even more tightly, I said, “Okay, Claire. It would be great to have you help out. Summer will be pretty busy, but things should calm back down in the fall, and maybe you can still try out for the volleyball team.” 
Claire shook her head. “Uriah, you’ll be gone in the fall. Your mom will need help even more than ever. I don’t want you to worry when you’re gone. I’ll be here to take care of her.” 
“I’m not going,” I said. 
“What? You have to! Your mom will never let you stay here. You know she won’t,” Claire said. 
I didn’t know why she looked so shock. My dad just died, leaving me and my mom to run the ranch by ourselves. The two of us working together was going to be hard enough. I could never leave her to take care of everything by herself. I knew Claire was right about what my mom would say. 
“I’m going to do some classes online,” I said. “I can’t get the whole degree online, but I could do the first couple years, at least. Maybe by then things will be going good enough that I can leave without dumping everything on my mom. I know Mom won’t like it, but that’s how it has to be right now.” 
Claire was quiet, then. I wondered if she was feeling the same way I had when I first thought about staying here. Not leaving for college meant staying here with her. The reason I was making this choice was the worst one ever, but the idea of being here with Claire for the next year did take some of the pain from my heart. 
The quiet that spread through the car when Claire parked and turned off the engine felt heavy against me. If Claire didn’t agree with me, I would have an even harder time trying to convince my mom. Finally, Claire reached over to me and hugged me across the seats. 
“You have to promise that you’ll finish college. I know you plan on running the ranch forever, but I know how much you want to be a vet, too. Things can change before you know it. Plus, your dad wanted you to get your degree. I’ll only agree to this if you promise you’ll finish,” Claire said. 
I kissed her lips, borrowing from her strength again even as she stole it away. “I promise.” 
She nodded and let go of my hand so we could both get out of the car. Making our way past the myriad vehicles that had brought everyone here from the funeral made it difficult to keep a hold of her. She turned and twisted however she needed to so she could keep her hand in mine. 
When we reached the house, stepping into the heat of dozens of bodies made me nauseous. People patted my shoulder and told me how sorry they were, but I didn’t stop to respond. Instead I pulled Claire back toward my bedroom so I could find some space to breathe. Sophia caught Claire before we got halfway across the living room and asked her to help with the food. I motioned that she should go, and turned away to escape the crowd.
I was about to drop onto my bed when I noticed a small box and a letter sitting there. Curious, I sat down on my bed and picked the letter up. In my dad’s sharp script, I saw my name printed on the front. Below that was a careful note from my mom. 
Uriah, I found this in your dad’s closet this morning. He was planning to give it to you when you graduated, but I thought you might want to have it now. Love, Mom
Turning the envelope over, I lifted the flap and slid the single sheet of paper out. The fresh creases unfurled to reveal my dad’s handwriting. 
Uriah, 
I have been struggling the last few months about what to say to you when you graduate. It’s been a difficult year, knowing that you’ll be leaving for college soon. Watching you grow has been such a joy for me and your mom. You’ve always been an amazing kid. In more ways than you know, probably. 
I’m proud of the man you’ve become. I hope I have been the reason behind at least some of why you turned out so great. Your mom can probably take most of the credit, though. 
I wish I knew what to tell you before you leave home. I know there are some things in your future that will be wonderful, and other things that will be incredibly difficult. I’ve tried to prepare you for what you must do one day. It’s hard to know if I’ve done enough, but I have faith that wherever I’ve failed, you will fill in the gaps with your own incredible talents. I had hoped to have more help from Quaile in this, but she has always been a very strange woman. When she feels the time is right, I have no doubt she will give you the guidance you need to face your future. 
But hopefully all of that will still be a while off. 
Right now, I see you with Claire and I am proud of how much you love and care for her. I never knew for sure that the two of you would end up together. Maybe you shouldn’t have, considering the way things are. You always seemed like an unlikely pair to me even without that, but it just shows I don’t know everything. It’s plain to see that you love each other, and I truly hope that the two of you will be able to stick by each other through everything you’ll have to face. You’re both strong. Just hold onto each other and everything will work out. 
I’ve probably gone on long enough, now, but just know that you have the strength you need inside of you. Treasure your heritage and the lessons that go with it. The stories we told you as a child might seem silly to you now, but they will help you throughout your life. Be strong, and be careful. 
I love you, son. 
Dad 
My dad gave me advice all the time when he was alive, but this letter was completely beyond me to understand. The words were plain enough, but half the letter felt like he was trying to tell me something important, but couldn’t bring himself to do it. That wasn’t my dad at all. When he had something to say, he just came out and said it. 
What did he mean when he said he thought Quaile was going to help them more? Despite the fact that she scared me to death, she was a close family friend. I remembered her being around our home since I was a baby. She always seemed too involved in what we were doing for my tastes, but my dad seemed to think she should have done more, and eventually would when the time was right. What did that mean? 
It seemed like every other line said something about my future, whether I was prepared, what I would have to face, the strength I would need. The whole letter felt like a warning about something. Of what, though, I had no idea. What on earth would my dad need to warn me about? If he really thought he needed to give me a warning, why wouldn’t he just tell me what he thought might happen? And why couldn’t I remember what happened before he died? 
Maybe my mom would be able to tell me what the letter was about. Placing it carefully back into the envelope, I set it aside. The box was still on the blanket next to me. The dark wood was beautiful. Whatever was inside, the box was part of the gift, made by my dad to carry something precious. I gently lifted the lid and peered inside. 
A thin strip of beaded leather lay inside the box. Tears welled in my eyes when I saw it. To anyone else, it would look like a simple piece of beadwork, maybe even just something for an artist to practice on. I knew what this was. I had wanted to have it since the first time I saw it. The long, thin leather strips on each end would tie the leather band to my wrist, a bracelet given from father to son when the son had reached manhood. 
Whatever the letter was supposed to tell me, I kept it in the back of my mind as I stared at the gift. This treasure had not come to mind once in the last week, but if my dad had died without ever giving it to me, I would have been crushed. It was a tradition our family had carried on for generations. Dad always did like to have things ready ahead of time. If he hadn’t already set this out for me, I might never have gotten to have it. It was a piece of him I could always keep with me. 
I laid down on my pillow and felt something close to peace for the first time in a week. Following that closely was exhaustion. Clutching the bracelet against my chest as I laid there let me breathe in my grief and not feel consumed by it. I stayed there, unmoving for a long time. At some point, Claire crept into my room and laid down beside me, holding me, and completing the elusive feeling that I was going to make it through this. 
My biggest question was whether I could survive whatever my dad had been trying to warn me about in his letter. 
 
 
 
Chapter 13
Proposal
 
 
The graduation ceremony was only scheduled to last an hour, and even that was too long. My graduating class was not very big, only a few dozen eager young minds. My foot was tapping anxiously on the floor. Barely a month after my dad died, I was being forced to sit through a ceremony he should have been there to see. If my mom hadn’t pressured me to come, I might have skipped it. They mailed home the real diplomas anyway. 
I waited for my turn to walk, thinking, like I often did lately, about my dad’s letter. Part of me wanted to tell Claire about it right away, but another part of me had been afraid to tell her. I didn’t need Claire worrying about me or trying to uncover any more mysteries for me right now. She worried about me too much already. After the funeral, I tried asking my mom about it when Claire had fallen asleep on the couch. 
She was the one who gave me the box and letter, so I thought she would be able to explain it. I couldn’t have been more wrong. Knowing it was meant only for me, my mom hadn’t read Dad’s letter before giving it to me. When I offered to let her read it, she took the letter gratefully. 
By the time she finished reading it, though, the way her lips were pressed together so tightly was a pretty good indicator of how much she was going to tell me. I tried to ask her about the things Dad had written, but she refused to tell me anything. The most I got out of her was something she mumbled under her breath about my dad knowing better than to say anything. And that was the end of it. Every time I brought it up since then, she left the room. 
That was when I turned to Claire. She had been digging around in Tewa writings for months. I thought she might have some idea about what the letter might mean. Unfortunately, stories about Badger beating Coyote in a contest, or why rattlesnakes have rattles had not prepared her for the confusion of the letter. She was as lost as I was. Not to mention more worried than ever. I wanted to try to figure something out, but with the extra work at the ranch, finals, graduation, getting ready to follow my dad’s advice, and everything else, I really didn’t have much time to put into it. 
Brooding in my thoughts, I almost didn’t hear my name called. I quickly banished the letter from my mind and stood up. I walked across the stage without fanfare. A few people clapped, probably my mom and Claire, as I shook the principal’s hand. I carried my fake diploma across the stage and returned to my seat. My impatient foot tapping started again. Claire was waiting for me. Thinking of Claire let me put everything else away and shut out the questions that seemed to have no answers. 
Finally, the ceremony ended, caps thrown in the air, family rushing forward. My mother reached me first, wrapping me in a hug and bringing tears to my eyes at the mention of how proud my dad would have been of me. Claire hugged Cole and politely congratulated the other graduates she knew, which was pretty much everyone, even Dana, but her eyes never left mine for long. 
Slowly we made our way to each other. Claire’s hand slipped into mine and I pulled her close. I felt so much better with her around. 
“Congratulations, Uriah,” she said, trying to speak over the noise. 
Leaning close, as if to hear her better, I stole a quick kiss. 
“You can do better than that,” she said with a smile. “This is a celebration.” 
I felt his hard eyes on my back immediately. His patience with me after my dad died had waned pretty quickly. He was back to his grating, obnoxious self all too soon. Thomas was hardly the only reason I was forced to scale back my affection for Claire, but him glaring at me constantly certainly didn’t help. I refused to meet his gaze, but Claire understood my hesitation and turned a glare as fierce as Quaile’s on him. It lasted only a second before her sweet smile enveloped me once again. I would do anything for her, even if meant dealing with her father later. 
Scooping her up in my arms, I pressed her lips against mine, kissing her with only a portion of the tidal wave of passion I was longing to release. The taste was intoxicating, and threatened to overcome me, but my awareness of my mother standing nearby as well, was enough to make me pull back. Releasing Claire, I gently set her back on the ground, but was forced to catch her arm as she stumbled a little. Usually, I was the one trying to stay on my feet after kissing her. 
Claire stared at me, eyes hungry for more. I had never kissed her like that before. Always careful with my emotions before Dad died, before I knew something worse than the pain touching Claire brought, I had not wanted to push myself, or Claire. Not to mention, I was still scared of angering Thomas. Every time he looked at me, he seemed to be reminding me of his threat to call the police if he had reason. I knew he would follow through on his promises, but being raised by my parents was an equally real barrier that kept me from unleashing my desires. 
Holding back was difficult enough, normally. I realized, now, how much harder I had just made things for myself. I wanted more. Just having her near me made it almost too hard to resist the soft curves of her body and eager eyes. “I’m so sorry, Claire,” I whispered. 
“Don’t be,” she said quietly. “Don’t be sorry for that.”  She took a deep breath and squeezed my hand tightly. “Let’s just get out of here. Tyler and Lana should be ready to go by now.” 
The last few seconds had completely erased our plans from my mind. Irritation swept over me once again. Tyler and Lana were our best friends, but I had wanted to spend the evening with Claire, only Claire. Of course, Thomas had refused. I hadn’t been able to change his mind because he darted away as soon as he said no. It was hard to convince someone of something if you couldn’t even find them. 
“Santa Fe will be fun, Uriah, even if we have to go with Tyler and Lana,” Claire said. 
I squeezed her hand. “I know. Let me tell my mom goodbye first.” Claire nodded and pushed me gently in my mother’s direction. My conversation with my mom was brief, ending in a hug and a plea to be careful, and then I was back at Claire’s side. 
Once in the hallway, I stripped off the graduation gown and tossed it on a table. The gowns were cleaned and used again by the next set of graduates. The cap was mine to keep. Tucking it under my arm, I pulled Claire along the linoleum lined tunnel and out the door. 
“Claire, Uriah, you guys ready to go, or what? We’ve been waiting out here forever,” Tyler complained. 
Rolling my eyes, I said, “Graduation only ended five minutes ago. Didn’t you even say goodbye to your families?” 
“It’s not like we’re not coming back,” Lana said. 
Actually, she and Tyler weren’t coming back, at least not for good. Both were heading south to Las Cruces for college. I should have been joining them. At one time, I was excited to go. Things can change quickly, though. It had not been easy telling Mom that I wasn’t going, but she looked more relieved than disappointed in all reality. 
“Get in the truck,” Tyler said, opening the tiny extended cab’s door with a flourish. 
I hated sitting in the back of his truck. It was not designed for someone my size. Claire pulled me to the car. 
“Hurry up,” she chided, “before my dad changes his mind about letting me go at all.” 
Remembering what I had just done right in front of him was enough to kick my feet into a higher gear. I was sure he would step out of the auditorium doors at any second and grab Claire. We were on our way in less than a minute. 
I spent the next forty minutes scrunched behind Tyler. The only consolation was that Claire was pretending to be just as uncomfortable, turning so her body was nestled snugly against mine. By the time we reached Santa Fe, I was actually reluctant to leave the cramped seat. My growling stomach urged me to unwind myself. 
As we waited for our table in the foyer, I watched Claire, finally seeing her in full light. The silk dress she wore was a deep blue, shimmering with every slight movement. She had teased me with the dress for weeks, not letting me see it, only telling me that it was special, just for my graduation. It was special, not because the fabric detailed every curve of her body, or because the color was a beautiful contrast to her light brown skin, but because she wore it only for me. 
Because of her father’s constant reminders that her beauty would win her a wealthy husband if only she would leave me behind, Claire rarely dressed up anymore, preferring blue jeans and t-shirts to the dainty dresses most of the other girls liked to wear. I loved her sense of style. It was much more suited to fishing on the river bank, but still, I couldn’t take my eyes off her. 
The fact that she had done this for me made it hard to resist carrying her out of the restaurant right then. Claire turned and caught me staring at her. She grinned, clearly enjoying the effect she was having on me. I put my hand under her chin gently and raised her face. 
“You look beautiful,” I said, though it was a significant understatement. 
“Do you like the dress?” she asked. 
“I do.” I wanted to tell her just how much I liked it, but I kept those thoughts to myself. 
“Our table’s ready,” Lana chimed. 
I groaned, despite my appetite, and followed them to the back of the restaurant. We slid into a secluded booth. Laying her hand gently on my knee Claire tucked herself under my arm. I held her close and tried to remind myself that we weren’t alone. Thankfully the food arrived quickly. 
Dinner was great. I hardly noticed the food, but every second was engraved in my memory. When the dessert plates were brought out, my palms started to sweat. Tyler glanced at me knowingly. Claire, always perceptive, asked if I was okay. Tyler rescued me by changing the subject, describing the apartment he and Lana were going to rent down in Las Cruces. 
Claire was swept up by their enthusiasm, no doubt wishing she was just a little bit older. Born two months sooner and she would have been celebrating her graduation along with ours. I was thinking of my future as well. All too soon, the dessert plates were cleared and we were on our way out of the restaurant. The day’s heat had cooled into a pleasant evening. 
Claire drifted into my arms, kissing my lips lightly before turning back to our friends. “So, what are we going to do now?” 
Tyler pulled Lana into a bear hug. “Lana and I are going to watch a movie. You and Uriah…” Tyler left the sentence hanging, giving me a much too obvious wink. 
He was not the most subtle person in the world. This would be the last time I asked him for a favor. 
“Maybe we’ll meet up at Fusion later? I heard they’re doing an all-night graduation party, so underagers are welcome.” 
“Yeah,” I said, ready to be rid of Tyler, “we’ll see you there later.” 
Tyler pulled Lana down the street, glancing back with a ridiculous grin. I rolled my eyes, irritated that I would still have to ride home with him. 
“What was that all about?” Claire asked. 
“Nothing,” I said. “I just asked Tyler to leave us alone for a while. I haven’t seen you all day, and I wanted some time with just the two of us.” Claire’s warm smile washed over me. Normally that was all it took to calm me down, but not tonight. The slight tilt to her lips made me wonder if she knew. “Let’s take a walk,” I said quickly. 
“Okay.” Claire took my hand and leaned in close to me. “Where do you want to go?” 
“I don’t know. Let’s just walk for a while.” 
Santa Fe’s streets were busy with summer tourists. Filled with galleries, museums, and artists, Santa Fe attracted people from around the country. We walked, admiring the artwork in the galleries and listening to the street musicians. Claire followed my wandering lead without question. 
Slowly we left the busier streets behind, moving away from the showier side of downtown and into the everyday storefronts of regular businesses. Claire glanced up at me, wondering at my choice, but said nothing. 
There was the sign. 
“You know,” I said, “I was here in Santa Fe a few weeks ago.” 
“Really?” 
I had expected the surprise in Claire’s voice. It hadn’t been easy to not mention the trip before that moment. We had spent almost all our free time together in the last month and, even when we weren’t together, it was rare that we didn’t know where the other one was. 
“Yes. I came here to pick up a gift for you.” 
“A gift for me? Why? It’s your graduation, Uriah, not mine. You can give me a gift next year,” she said. 
Her gift to me had been waiting for me when I woke up that morning. Actually, it was from her family, all except her father, of course. The laptop computer was a complete surprise, but a welcome one. I really did need one for my classes, and money was tight enough with the cost of tuition. I hoped her gift would be a surprise, too. 
“I didn’t want to wait another year to give you your present.” 
“What is it?” she asked, her brow creasing with worry. She knew I had spent a good portion of my savings on school. 
“The man at this store thought you would really like it, and so do I,” I said, hoping she would understand the hint I was giving her. 
“This store?” Turning her head, she stared at the store window. Her eyes widened. “The man at this store?” 
“Yes.” 
“The man at Sandoval Jewelers thought I would like my present?” 
Claire gasped as I bent down on one knee. The silver band I presented to her wasn’t grand, but Claire wouldn’t have liked it if it had been. The princess cut diamond sparkled almost as much as Claire’s tear-filled eyes. 
“Claire Brant, will you marry me?” 
Her hand flew to her mouth and she started hopping up and down. “Yes! Yes! Yes!” she said, her excitement bubbling over. “Of course I will, Uriah.” She held out her hand and I slipped the ring onto her finger. She held it up, staring at it as tears splashed on her hand. “It’s beautiful. I love it. I love you!” 
Relief swept over me. It had been two weeks of torture carrying the ring around, wanting to give it to her the moment I bought it. Rising to my feet, I swept Claire into my arms and kissed her fiercely. The kiss in front of her father was nothing. Our lips moved together, my fingers winding in her hair, pulling her closer. 
Only the not so quiet snickering of a group of tourists kept me from going any further. I pulled away, leaving a pout on Claire’s face. Please don’t tempt me, I begged silently. The cautious regard I had always had around Claire was way beyond my reach. Suddenly, Fusion’s graduation party sounded like a good idea. I needed other people around me. I pulled Claire along the street, making my way back to the busier section of town. If I was alone with Claire much longer, I wouldn’t be able to keep my promise to her father. 
Claire hurried along beside me, completely oblivious to my haste. Staring at the ring, she was smiling widely. “My dad is going to die when he sees this,” she said. 
That thought brought me to a dead stop. Claire bumped into the back of me. 
“What’s wrong?” she asked. 
“Let’s not talk about your dad right now,” I suggested. 
“Good idea,” she agreed. “Let’s go tell Tyler and Lana, though. I’ve got to tell somebody!” 
In my excitement to finally propose to Claire, I had completely forgotten that we would actually have to tell her dad. I wouldn’t take the ring back for anything, but I really didn’t relish the thought of showing it to Thomas. As we wound our way back to the club, I wondered what the chances were of convincing Claire not to tell her dad and just elope with me after her birthday. 
 
 
 
Chapter 14
Warning
 
 
Her piercing scream swept over the ranch. The sheep in the pasture froze and looked up at me, but I was already sprinting away from them. I knew where she would be. Feeding the horses was her favorite chore, and she always saved it for last. 
The old split-rail fences blurred past me as I ran. Desert sand swirled around my feet, trying to trip me with every step. Harsh, grating growls pushed me forward. Another desperate shriek rang out again and I lost all other thought as I flew around the corner of the barn. Cold numbed my legs, and I stumbled to a stop in front of the building. What I saw slowed time and sent my fear soaring into the sky. 
Holding my mom’s leg in its jaw, a mountain lion snarled at our ranch hand, Hale. The pitchfork he was waving at it was doing nothing to scare it away. Blood streamed out of the gashes running up and down my mom’s calf. Crimson streaks ran from the open door of the barn to where the animal held her now, a good ten feet away. Ignoring Hale entirely, the creature looked desperate to carry her off.  
No, I couldn’t lose her too! I would not watch her die like I did my dad. I had to save her. My mind was locked in indecision. Rush in and I could make the animal panic and attack her even worse. Wait too long and the blood pooling on the ground would steal her life away. I had to do something. But what? 
Unaware of my presence, the mangy animal was focused on the pitchfork. Hale made a lunge at the animal, trying to stab it, but the wiry and desperate animal swung its hips to the side in time to dodge the blow. The sudden jarring made my mom cry out in pain again, waking me from my terrified trance. The weakness in her voice shocked me. I had to move quickly. 
Stepping carefully, I made my decision to approach the cougar. I needed a weapon of some kind first. Searching the ground around me, I saw the broken off end of a four by four wooden fence post sticking out of the ground. Hale had backed into it last week and I hadn’t gotten around to fixing it, yet. I moved slowly, wrapping my hands around the thick chunk of wood and tugged softly. It didn’t budge. I’d forgotten it was cemented in. 
A quick survey of the ground showed me there was nothing else. I couldn’t try to draw it off without a weapon. It had to be the post. Gripping the wood harder, I jerked it down, breaking the post off the chunk of cement. I stared at the broken piece of wood. It broke so easily. I hadn’t expected that to actually work. The mountain lion was too occupied with trying to survive to hear the splitting of wood, but Hale stared at the post in my hand. The shock on his face was disturbing. 
Ignoring Hale, I looked back at the animal. I was ready now. I took a step toward the beast holding my mom. I felt my muscles tense as I drew closer. I had no idea what it might do. The cougar was skin and bones, starving most likely, which explained why it had risked coming into town. That made it even more dangerous than usual. Moving up, I took a risk and kicked a rock at it, drawing its attention to me. I braced myself in case it decided to attack. 
Instead of attacking or making a run for it, the animal froze. Dropping my mom’s leg from its jaws, it sank down to its belly and started whimpering. Hale straightened and stared at it in disbelief. I wasn’t sure what it was doing either, but I wasn’t going to stand there and wait for it to change its mind. Reaching into the barn, my fingers closed around the stock of a shotgun kept there for exactly this reason. I held it out of view while I spoke to Hale. 
“Hale, get my mom. Get her away from the mountain lion,” I said. 
“Uriah, how did you do that?” Hale asked. 
“I don’t know,” I whispered harshly. “Just get my mom out of here!” 
Hale opened his mouth again to say something, but my mom’s broken sobs kept him from finishing. Letting the pitchfork fall to the ground, Hale reached down and carefully scooped my mom into his arms. With both eyes on the cowering animal, Hale stepped back toward the barn. I watched him set my mom down in one of the empty stalls out of the corner of my eye. The rest of my focus remained on the animal. Shaking on the ground, it looked too terrified to move. 
Bringing the gun up, I leveled it at the animal. At this distance it would be nothing at all for me to kill it. It needed to be done, but the way it mewled and groveled held me back. Cougars did not act like that, not even ones who were starving. It was acting like a dog waiting for its master to reprimand it. The miserable animal actually looked as if it were expecting me to punish it for attacking my mom, as if it were aware it had done something wrong. It should have been attacking me or, at the very least, running off as fast as it could. 
“You have to do it,” Hale said from behind me. 
“I know. It’s just…” I wasn’t even sure what it was that was holding me back. The cougar had attacked my mom. 
“It’s tasted human flesh, Uriah. It has to be put down or it will come back and attack again. You know that. We’ve seen it before.” Hale’s words were cold, but he looked relieved that it was me holding the gun instead of him. 
“Why is it just lying there?” I asked, just as much to myself as to Hale. 
He shrugged and looked back at my mom. It didn’t matter. I had to do it. Bracing the butt of the gun against my shoulder, I fired. 
The cougar barely moved. It simply sank down deeper into the dirt as blood darkened the sand around it. It had to be done. I knew it was true, but I couldn’t feel quite right about the way it had just sat there waiting for it to happen. 
I didn’t have time to think too hard about it, though. Tossing the gun to Hale, I rushed to my mom’s side. Breathing slowly, if shallowly, she had fallen into unconsciousness. Her dark skin looked pale and was shimmering with sweat. Glancing down at her leg, the bleeding looked like it was slowing, but the dirt and grime caked on it was undoubtedly going to lead to infection if not cleaned quickly. 
“Hale, go get Sophia. I’ll get my mom into the house,” I said. 
Hale nodded and ran off toward the driveway. 
Usually Sophia’s blend of modern nursing and traditional Native American healing was all we needed here in San Juan Pueblo. I hoped it would be enough today. It hadn’t been enough for my dad, but there was nothing anyone could have done then. Cradling my mom in my arms, I started out of the barn. The dead cougar caught my eye and made my stomach churn, but I turned away and rushed to the house. 
The old screen door clattered back against the frame as I laid my mom on the couch. She wouldn’t be happy about the blood stains that were quickly forming. There was nothing to be done about that now. Panic was trying to work its way into my mind, but I had taken care of enough injured or sick animals to know what to do. Gathering a bowl of warm water and several washcloths, I started cleaning her leg. 
Swollen puncture wounds ran up and down her calf. Each stroke I made elicited a moan or twitch of pain. I cringed along with her and hoped Sophia would get there soon. Rinsing my mom’s leg one last time, I set the bowl aside and stroked her hair while I waited for Sophia to arrive. Thankfully, the door banged open a few seconds later. 
“How’s she doing?” Sophia asked as she pushed me out of the way. 
“I cleaned the wounds, but she’s still asleep.” 
I wasn’t sure whether Sophia actually heard me. She was too busy inspecting my mom’s leg and digging through her medical bag. I held my mom’s hand as I watched Sophia spread ointment over her leg and wrap it carefully in layers of bandages. Flinching as she slid a needle into my mom’s arm, I had to look away as the pain relieving fluid was sent into her body. Memories of my father’s last minutes tried to assault me. I made myself push them away. 
“Get a pillow and put it under her leg,” Sophia said. 
Placing her supplies back into her bag as I got the pillow, Sophia checked my mom’s pulse again. 
“Just let her sleep for now,” she said. “She needs to rest.” 
“You don’t think we need to take her to the hospital?” I asked. 
Sophia huffed and shook her head. “You think she would actually go?” 
My mom never liked hospitals or doctors. After my dad died, she pretty much refused to go near any kind of medical building. “She can’t object if we take her while she’s still asleep,” I said. 
“I’m afraid waking up in a hospital would be too traumatic for her,” Sophia said. 
My hands tightened with worry and Sophia’s expression softened. She knew better than anyone what losing my mom would do to me. She had been there for us after my dad died, and she still blamed herself for not being able to save him. 
“Uriah, she’s going to be okay. I’ll send Hale down to the pharmacy for some antibiotics to keep her from getting an infection. Plus, I called Dr. Harrell in Santa Fe on my way over. He’s going to come out and check for any nerve or tendon damage. He should be here in half an hour. If he thinks there’s a problem, I’ll make sure your mom goes to the hospital right away. I promise.” Sophia took my free hand in hers and squeezed it tightly. “She’s going to be okay. From where the bites are, I don’t think there’ll be any lasting damage.” 
I let out a breath that had been trapped behind a wall of anxiety. A nurse practitioner, Sophia often said she was a poor excuse for a doctor, but she handled everything on the reservation from colds to broken bones. If she thought my mom was going to be okay, I trusted her judgment. She had dealt with worse. 
“Where is Hale?” I asked. Sophia had mentioned wanting to send him for a prescription, but he hadn’t come back in with her. 
“He’s out taking care of the mountain lion with Deputy Bedoni,” Sophia said. 
Her eyes drifted toward the back of the house just as mine did. I was glad I wouldn’t have to take care of the carcass myself. Just thinking about it made me shiver. 
“Hale told me about what happened, how the animal just cowered down when you walked up,” Sophia said. Her appraising eyes bored into me. “Is that really what happened?” 
I shrugged and nodded. “I don’t know what was wrong with it,” I said. “One minute it was trying to drag my mom away then it just dropped her and started whimpering.” 
“I’ve never heard of a mountain lion acting like that before,” Sophia said. 
“It looked like it was starving or something. There must have been something wrong with it,” I said. 
It made sense, but for some reason that didn’t fit either. At least Hale didn’t say anything about the post I snapped in half. Maybe it was the tribal stories my mom told me as a child until I knew them all by heart, or maybe it was the trauma of what had just happened, but the memory of the animal hung in my mind like a warning. 
I knew what really bothered me about it. It was one more thing to add to Claire’s list of strange things that happened around me. That and breaking the post off. I knew I shouldn’t have been able to do that. Claire hadn’t been able to give me any insight about the letter, but maybe there would be some story or legend she’d read that would explain these. I shook my head. Was I really looking to myths to explain things in real life? I don’t think that was what my dad meant when he said the tribal legends would help me. 
Sophia studied me as I thought for a few seconds before shaking away any more thoughts of the animal. “I’ll stay with her, Uriah. Why don’t you go get ready? You can’t go to the Elders looking like that. You’re covered in blood.” 
Looking down at my ruined work clothes, I realized I had completely forgotten about the Elders. “I can’t go now,” I said, “not after what just happened. I need to stay with her.” 
Sophia stared me down, refusing to waver. “Your mother will have your hide when she wakes up if you don’t go. You know she doesn’t want you and Claire to have to wait until next year.” 
I started to object, but Sophia cut me off. “After everything that’s happened in the past few months, your mom could use some good news. She needs something happy in her life right now. Now, go get ready. I’ll take care of her while you’re gone.” 
My eyes lingered on my mom’s still body. She had already been through so much. She wanted this almost as much as Claire and I did. She did need something to bring her some joy. Sophia was right. She was more than capable of taking care of my mom, and speaking with the Elders was sure to bring the good news we both wanted and needed to hear. I should have been comforted by that idea, but I walked back to my bedroom consumed by the memory of the animal. 
 
 
 
Chapter 15
The Chief’s Daughter
 
 
Thomas Brant’s eyes bored into me as I walked down the street toward the hundred-year-old adobe mud-brick building. I knew I would feel my father’s absence today, but I had at least hoped my mom would be here to help me through this. I didn’t even have that. Asking the Elders for permission to marry on tribal lands was an outdated ritual, but sweat had my traditional homespun shirt and doeskin pants clinging to my body. Facing Thomas alone today was not how I’d hoped this would go. Breaking eye contact with Thomas, I straightened to my full height and walked toward him, determined to make him see me as a man. 
Claire smiled worriedly at my arrival. Her father’s grimace deepened, and he held her arm more tightly against his body. He wasn’t anywhere close to happy about this. Sarah and my mom had insisted that we meet with the Elders today. Thomas flat out refused, balking at even consider letting us get married. I honestly thought our moms could convince him. He was a stubborn man, though. 
I still wasn’t sure I believed in Claire’s ideas about me, but I had been willing to put her theory to the test for this. After listening to hours of arguing from Thomas, I finally stood and walked right up to him. My entire body had felt as if it were about to crumble from the fear gripping me. I could only hope Claire was right in that moment. 
Thomas seemed to think she was. I had pushed Thomas to give in before, and I think he saw what was coming. He tried to back away, but I caught his arm and held him. In plain words, I told him that Claire and I were getting married and there was nothing he could do about it. He tried to fight it. His mouth moved, trying to get out the words he wanted to say, but all that came out was a deflated “fine.” 
Sarah’s jaw dropped and Claire gave me a look that said, “What took you so long?” She never doubted I could change his mind. The real surprise, though, was the smug look on my mom’s face. It was almost as if she knew I could do it just as surely as Claire had. That brought my dad’s letter to mind immediately, but Claire’s excited had hug pushed it back out just as quickly. 
The sharp bark of a stray dog was immediately followed by the screeching mewl of a cat, tearing me out of my thoughts. Turning to see the pair barreling toward us, I stepped back, not wanting to get in their way. Thomas darted back in disgust. He hated animals almost as much as he hated me. Claire just smiled at the display. About to catch the cat, the dog yapped eagerly. Then, for no apparent reason, they both slowed to a stop and stood staring at me. 
My eyebrows rose in surprise. I had always had a calming touch with animals, as long as I wasn’t touching Claire at the same time, but this seemed odd even for me. And eerily familiar. The two animals stood within two feet of each other, but the fight had completely drained out of them. The dog sniffed a few times then turned away and scampered off in the direction it had come. Winding itself around my legs twice, the cat then headed in the opposite direction. What was going on with the animals around here? Thoughts of the dead mountain lion rolled around in my mind, bringing back that sickening feeling. 
Thomas just snorted at the odd display and went back to glaring at me. Whatever was happening with the animals would have to wait. I had to face Thomas and the Elders first. My palms began to itch, and my clothes seemed much too tight under his gaze. Claire’s bright face had the opposite effect. Her dark eyes were warm and kind. Her hands smoothed her dress, though it already looked perfect. I had never seen her wear the beaded ceremonial frock before. Her mother must have surprised her with the new clothing, just as mine had done. 
She looked so beautiful. I couldn’t pry my eyes away from her. Her silky brown hair shifted in a soft breeze and her fingers came up to brush it away. I loved her chestnut hair. It was incredible how her hair color matched her eyes so perfectly. Her eyes were absolutely amazing, capable of capturing me and holding me in their gaze forever. I felt all of my nervousness fall away immediately. Shaking her father’s protective hand away when I finally reached them, Claire ran to me, wrapping her arms around my body. 
“Uriah, we heard about your mom. How’s she doing? Sophia said she thought she would be okay, but we’ve all been worried,” Claire said. 
“She was still sleeping when I left. Hale picked up some medicine for her, though, and Dr. Harrell finished checking her over right before I came,” I said. “That’s why I was late. I didn’t want to leave before I knew she was going to be all right. Sorry for making you wait.” 
Shaking her head, Claire brushed away my apology. “Don’t apologize. Your mom is more important. I wasn’t sure you would even want to go through with this today.” Her eyes came up to mind, concern filling them. “We can wait if you want. We don’t have to do this today.” 
“No,” I said quickly, “I don’t want to wait. Nothing will help my mom recover quicker than having a wedding to plan.” 
Claire smiled, but it was tinged with sadness. Taking her chin in my hand, I tilted her face up to look at me. “She’ll be okay,” I said. “Dr. Harrell said there wouldn’t be any permanent damage. Let’s just try to focus on seeing the Elders for now.” 
“We’ll give her the good news together as soon as we’re done with the Elders then,” Claire said confidently. “She’ll be so excited.” 
I loved Claire so much. She had stuck by me through more than I could have asked, and always did it with such love and compassion. I would never have survived the last couple months without her. The desire to kiss her and show her just how much I loved her was overwhelming. As usual, her angry father glaring at me over her shoulder held me back. 
Not wanting to anger Thomas any further than was absolutely necessary, I embraced Claire carefully. Her face turned up to look at mine, faith that everything would be okay shining in her eyes. Her soft hair cascaded down her back, tickling my hands like tiny feathers and bringing a slight smile to my lips. The black sweep of her eyelashes touched her cheeks as she closed her eyes and reached up to kiss my cheek. 
I reveled in her touch, but the heat from her father’s stare stiffened my body. Why couldn’t her mom have come instead? Tradition. My mom had only gotten permission to come with me because my dad wasn’t alive to present me. I ground my teeth, wishing this tradition would miraculously die out in the next few minutes. 
Claire’s lips pursed at my reaction, her eyes opening and turning back to her father. “He’s going to have to get used to this eventually,” she said. 
“He will,” I replied, “but let’s not push our luck right now.” Refraining from returning her kiss, I hugged her tightly, pulling her close to my body. 
Leaning her head against my chest, Claire spoke quietly. “Are you nervous, Uriah?” 
“Yes,” I said honestly. Her brow crinkled, and I felt the need to clarify. “I just wish my mom and dad could have been here with me. I don’t want the Elders to look at me and think I’m just a kid.” 
Claire pulled back a little, looking me in the eyes. “I doubt anyone would look at you and think you were anything but a man.” 
I knew she was talking about my physical appearance, but the Elders would surely consider much more. In some ways, I knew why Claire’s father wanted me to walk away. I should have been planning to leave for college in a few weeks like Tyler and Lana. Thomas knew I was going to stay here and get started on my pre-vet degree online. He was less than thrilled with the prospect of me sticking around for another year. I didn’t know if he thought I was weak for not going, or not serious enough about becoming a veterinarian because I was doing it from my laptop, but he looked at me like a piece of scum more than ever since finding out. 
Thomas had most likely been hoping that in the year it would take Claire to finish high school, she would forget about me and move on. I think he knew it would take more than distance to break our relationship, but he had still hoped. Thomas wished she had chosen just about anyone but me. His money gave him power, but being the grandson of the last Tewa Chief made him very prideful of his family name. I think he thought of himself as the unofficial chief of our tribe. My only guess was that he thought the chief’s daughter deserved better than me. He did not want her marrying a rancher. 
The creaking of a wooden door banished any more guesses about why Thomas despised me. Wauneta Begay emerged from the building, her face serene. Wauneta’s husband had passed away last winter in a car accident. Married less than a year, she was devastated. Moving on had seemed impossible to her at the time, but slowly she came to accept his passing. Because she and my mom were friends, I knew that she had been planning to consult the Elders about ending her mourning. The discussion must have gone well. I was glad to see her smiling again. 
Watching Wauneta, Claire squeezed my hand. “Are you ready?” 
 “Yes,” I said. Glancing at Claire’s father, I watched his face twist in agony. I couldn’t help smiling at his pain. “Is your dad?” 
A quick giggle brought her hand to her mouth. Her father stood, his fists clenched and clamped to his sides. “Like I said, he’ll get used to it eventually,” Claire said. 
“I sure hope so.” 
Leaving his perch, Thomas held his hand out to his daughter. “Claire, you will enter with me.” 
Sighing, Claire released her grip on me and walked over to her dad. Her brilliant smile did nothing to improve his mood, but it lifted away any uneasiness I felt. How could the Elders reject our petition? I followed my love into the Council House, sure of our future. 
The foyer seemed much too dark after coming in from the noonday sun. I stood blinking my eyes, waiting for them to adjust before attempting to walk any further. The last thing I wanted to do was embarrass myself by tripping over a table or stepping on someone’s foot. Slowly, the dim light of the wall fixtures reached my eyes. A young man stood next to the doors leading to the main chamber, a bored expression on his face. Claire stopped next to her dad, though she had little chance of going anywhere else. 
Holding her hand so tightly that Claire’s fingertips were a deep red, Thomas Brant looked straight ahead. Claire was pretending not to notice him as she glanced around the room casually. I followed her lead. I had never been in the Council House before. The walls were covered in a thick plaster that was surprisingly still in very good condition for its age. Beautiful pottery, weavings, Kachina dolls, and sand paintings decorated almost every inch of the space. Many of the items were Tewa Indian artifacts, but others were from neighboring tribes. The collection was breathtaking. 
“Thomas Brant, Uriah Crowe, you may go into the main chamber to speak with the Elders now,” the young man said.  
He waved us forward. I paused, letting Thomas lead. Having no parent to present me to the council, I would not move in front of him. Smirking at the allowance, he stepped forward grandly. I took a deep breath and tried very hard to ignore him. Moving confidently, I followed Thomas into the main chamber. 
The five Elders of our tribe sat against the opposite wall. Their high backed chairs had held the Elders of San Juan Pueblo for many generations. The oak table that stretched in front of them had been smoothed and polished by age. Three men sat on the council, Tansin Amory, Dale Hatch, and Samuel Atcitty. Nestled between the men were the two female council members, Anise Yazzie and Quaile Faimin, our tribe’s shaman. Quaile stared at our group with dark searching eyes. She would be the one to answer our petition. Her eyes were fixed on me now, bright and intent under heavy, wrinkled lids. My heart sped up, my composure beginning to crack. 
Quaile leaned forward and spoke. “How is your mother doing, Uriah? Mrs. Brant informed us of the attack.” 
Some people hated small towns for the fact that everybody knew your business, but I actually found it comforting. Not surprised that they had already heard about it, I answered quickly. “Sophia is taking very good care of her, and Dr. Harrell has already seen her and said there won’t be any lasting damage to her leg.” 
Every member of the Council nodded in relief. Quaile’s compassion disappeared quickly, though. “I’m glad to hear Lina will be alright. You are not here to discuss your mother, however. Let us move on with this proceeding.” Placing her hands on the table in front of her, Quaile stared at me. “Why have you come before the Council this day?” Quaile asked, although she already knew the answer. She seemed as eager about this as Thomas did. 
Grudgingly, Thomas stepped forward. “I, Thomas Brant, come before you to present my daughter, Claire Brant. She asks permission to marry Uriah Crowe.” 
Quaile nodded and turned to me. 
“I, Uriah Crowe, come before the Elders to ask permission to marry Claire Brant.” I stepped back again, glancing at Quaile before bowing my head respectfully. Her gaze lingered on me again. Her mouth turned down in a frown. Sweat seemed to spring from every pore in my body. I fervently hoped no one would notice. 
“I must consider your request,” Quaile said. Closing her eyes, her whole body relaxed. The age she carried visibly lessened. Her face smoothed as her gaze turned upward. 
My mother had told me that Quaile’s visions could last a few seconds, or take hours. I didn’t actually believe in Quaile’s ability to see the future any more than I believed in most of the tribal myths my mom and dad had taught me as a child, but tradition was important to them and I would not shame my parents by mocking it. 
To me, however, it shouldn’t have taken more than a second to know Claire and I were meant for each other. For everyone around us, never mind her father, it was easy to see. I had loved Claire since before I was even old enough to understand the concept, and could imagine myself with no one else. I knew she felt the same about me. 
Quickly, I stole a glance at Claire. She watched the shaman with hopeful eyes. I smiled at her eagerness. Afraid of nothing, she was always the first to try something new. Her wild spirit bounced against my sensible self, forcing me to grow and expand just to keep up with her. Her face turned to me unexpectedly, beautiful and confident. She reached for my hand. Unsure whether it was appropriate or not for me to take it, I hesitated. Her smile widened, encouraging me. I took her hand, feeling only her confidence radiate into my body this time. 
Abruptly, Quaile’s eyes snapped wide. Her hands fluttered to her face nervously. Her eyes were still unfocused, searching for something. The other Elders watched her carefully. The man to her left, Dale Hatch, hovered on the edge of his chair. I wasn’t sure if this normally happened, but the tense hush that had fallen over the room made me think it wasn’t. Finally, Quaile’s hands quieted and fell back to her lap. Her eyes were stilled and focused once more. Sagging with weariness, Quaile took a deep, calming breath. 
Dale touched her arm gently. “Quaile, are you all right?” he asked. 
The concern in his voice made me wary. What just happened? Something didn’t seem right. Did she actually see something? I had never believed in most of the tales our tribe told, but the fear in her eyes had come from somewhere. Why would Quaile have any reason to fear our marriage? 
“Yes, Dale, I am fine,” Quaile responded kindly, or as kindly as she ever spoke to anyone. Quaile turned her attention back to our small group. Her face clouded again, teeth clamped down tightly. My stomach lurched. Unsure of why she would react this way, I met her eyes, trying to allay any fears she might have about me. It was apparent by the other council members’ faces that this was not the normal response to a marriage request. 
“Miss Quaile,” I asked, bringing a hard look from Claire's father, “did you receive an answer?” 
“Yes, Uriah, I did.” She looked down at her lap, hesitating again before looking back up at me. “No. You may not marry Claire.” 
                               
 
 
Chapter 16
Denial
 
 
“What?” I asked. Blood drained from my face as Claire’s hand tightened around mine. Her crushing grip squeezed my fingers painfully. “What do you mean I can’t marry Claire? I love her. We want to get married next year.” 
“Yes,” Quaile answered tightly, “I can see that you both love each other very much, but I cannot allow you to marry her. She is not your Twin Soul.” 
Claire gasped. Everyone in the chamber looked shocked by her announcement. I couldn’t believe it. Never had a couple who came before the council been denied the right to marry. Asking permission of the Elders was just a pointless tradition. It didn’t even matter. Most people didn’t even bother asking the Elders. They just got married somewhere else. At that moment, I sincerely wished we had been one of those. How could she deny us? 
“What do you mean we aren’t Twin Souls?” Claire demanded. Her father yanked her behind him, but Claire tore her hand from his and stalked up to the table, stopping in front of Quaile. “You can see how much Uriah and I love each other. Who are you to tell us we can’t be married?” 
Her voice was sharp and serious. Claire’s aggressive streak had cooled a lot in the last year, but it popped back up now. Her father hissed at her to hold her tongue and step back. I don’t think she even heard him. 
Pushing away the shock and searching my mind for reasons for her denial, I approached Quaile as well. “Do you think we’re not ready yet? Do you want us to wait a little longer before we get married, come back at the next meeting? Maybe that’s why your vision, or whatever it was, said we shouldn’t be married. I love Claire more than anything. You have to see that. I don’t really believe in Twin Souls, but if there was anyone out there meant only for me, it’s definitely Claire. You have to see that.” 
“It is not because you are young, Uriah,” Quaile said. The pity in her voice was torturous. “I have known you all your life. You are a strong and wise young man. It is not a matter of waiting. My vision was very specific. Claire is not meant for you. I cannot allow you to marry her. I am so sorry, Uriah.” 
I stepped back in disbelief. Not meant for me? Of course Claire and I were meant for each other. There was no one else I had ever wanted, or would ever want. There had to be something behind this. Without realizing my thoughts had turned into actions, I turned to glare at Thomas. Blood rushed to my face as I considered what he might have done. I raised my finger in accusation, but before a single word could escape my lips, Quaile spoke. 
“This has nothing to do with Thomas, Uriah. He would be lucky to have you as his son.” Thomas snorted in response to that, but Quaile’s threatening glare silenced him at once. 
“I don’t understand,” I said. Trying to calm my scattered mind, I took Claire’s hand again. Her frightened expression tore at me. I pulled her close to me, refusing to release my claim on her. 
“I will be honest, Uriah. I do not understand all of this either,” Quaile said, “but that is my decision. You may not marry her.” 
Dale Hatch suddenly spoke up. “Quaile, I mean no disrespect, but are you sure?” 
I would have expected Quaile to reprimand him for questioning her, as she did everyone else, but she merely sighed. “Yes, Dale, I am sure.” 
“It’s just that this has never happened before,” Dale said slowly. “Never in our history has the shaman denied a couple the right to marry on tribal lands. You were told specifically that Claire and Uriah should not be allowed to marry?” 
“Yes,” Quaile said. “My vision was very clear on that point. On everything else…” 
Her voice faded as her thoughts turned back to her vision. I stared at her hard, hoping for more of an explanation. What else had she seen? 
Snapping back to the waiting crowd, Quaile continued. “They are both destined to meet their Twin Souls. They cannot marry.” 
“Both?” Anise Yazzie asked. “It is rare enough for one person to meet their Twin Soul, we haven’t even seen a Twin Soul in three generations, but you believe both Claire and Uriah will meet their Twin Souls?” 
“I believe nothing, Anise. I know it. The vision showed me that Claire will be the first to meet her Twin Soul, then Uriah. If these two are allowed to marry now, they will only be torn apart later,” Quaile said. 
“But surely they must be allowed to choose,” Anise said. 
“No,” Quaile said forcefully. “I know that not everyone believes in Twin Souls as strongly as I do, but they are very real. When these two young people meet their Twin Souls, the pull will be too strong for either of them to resist. They will abandon the other without a backward glance.” 
“I would never abandon Claire. You know nothing about me, Quaile,” I said. My fists and teeth were clenched tightly, trying to hold in my anger. The other Elders stared at me, some with pity, some with confusion. Quaile ignored my comment entirely and turned to her fellow Elders. 
“Think, Anise. If we let them marry and they do not meet their Twin Souls for a few years, think of what might happen during that time,” Quaile said.
 Anise cocked her head to the side. Her expression was uncomprehending. 
“Children, Anise. What if they have children, and are then ripped apart. The children will suffer as much as anyone. There is just too much to risk.” 
Anise’s face turned down in a frown and I knew we were losing her support quickly. “Do you know when they will meet their Twin Souls?” she asked. “If it isn’t for many years, perhaps the joy they could have before then would be worth the pain of separation later.” 
“I don’t know when it will happen,” Quaile admitted. “There are too many factors involved to predict with any exactness. It could be thirty years from now, or it could be tomorrow. All I know is that it will happen. That is definite.” 
“I see,” Anise muttered. “Yes, I think the risk is too great.” 
“What are you even talking about?” Claire demanded. “We should be the ones deciding whether the risk is too great or not. If Uriah and I want to get married then we will get married. We really don’t need your permission to do it either. Your decision won’t stop us.” 
“This is not up for debate, Claire,” Thomas said. The satisfaction in his voice matched his smug expression. Claire’s fingers squeezed my hand tightly as her determination faltered. 
“Claire, Uriah, I’m sorry, but I think we all agree with Quaile.” Dale Hatch’s quick glance around the table saw that his fellow Elders were nodding in agreement. “We will not allow you to be married.” 
“This is for the best, Uriah,” Quaile said. 
“I’m sorry, Miss Quaile,” I said forcefully, “but I will not accept your answer. I only came here today because my dad wanted me to. It was one of the last things he asked me to do before he died. Claire and I will be married. If we have to leave to do it, then so be it.” Claire sparked back to life. She threw her arms around me in defiance of the council and of her father. The smile on her face challenged everyone in the room to oppose us. 
“Uriah, please don’t do this. You can go to Santa Fe and have no problem finding someone to marry you, but it will only bring you misery. You will both find your Twin Souls someday, and when you do, you will break each other’s hearts. You will abandon Claire, and she you. Neither of you will be able to stop yourselves.” 
“I will never abandon Claire. Never.” 
“You will have to. Claire will beg you to forget her, to leave her. Would you ask her to give up true happiness for you?” Quaile stared at me, accusing me. 
“I wouldn’t have to ask her anything. She would never ask me to leave.” I held Quaile’s stare, refusing to back down. Finally, her eyes lowered with a weary sigh. 
“You are making a very big mistake, Uriah.” 
“I don’t care what you think,” I said. I knew my mother would be horrified at my behavior, but I could not stand there for another second listening to Quaile’s accusations. Still gripping Claire's hand, I turned and stalked out of the room. Claire was almost running to keep up with me. 
“I would never leave you either, Uriah,” she said with surety. 
I smiled down at her. “I know.” Slamming the doors open, I was glad to be free of the cloying chamber. The doors didn’t have time to slam back against the frame before Thomas shoved them back open. 
“Get your hands off my daughter, Uriah. The Elders said no. You have no right to her now!” He grabbed for Claire’s hand, but she lithely pulled it away. 
People going about their business in the town glanced in our direction. I stepped toward Thomas, pulling Claire behind me. I didn’t really know what I was doing, but I did not want Claire facing down her father quite yet. 
“Thomas, calm down. I need to think,” I said quickly. None of this made any sense. I had to figure out what to do before I lost control of my own life. 
“There’s nothing to think about, Uriah. Let go of her, now.” 
“No. I need to talk to my mom first,” I said. She would know what to do.
“Mine too,” Claire said. Her father glared at her. She stiffened and glared back. “Have you ever heard of the Elders denying anyone the right to marry on tribal lands?” 
Her father hesitated, briefly. “It doesn’t matter. Quaile said no, and her word is final.” 
“I’m going to go with Uriah to speak with Mrs. Crowe, and then we’ll come to the house and talk about this with Mom, too. She only wanted us to ask the Elders because it’s tradition. She’s not going to agree with you,” Claire argued. “Don’t try to stand in our way, Dad. Uriah won’t let you, and you know it!” 
I had missed Claire’s intensity lately. I couldn’t believe she was actually using me as a threat, though. Would I really be able to change his mind again? Things were getting so bizarre and out of control that I didn’t know what I was capable of anymore. 
“Fine,” Thomas growled, “you may go and see Uriah’s mother, but get home quickly after that. Don’t keep me waiting.” He stepped closer to me, his eyes tinged with fury. “If you even think of taking off with my daughter, Uriah, I will call the police and tell them you kidnapped her. I’m still her father and she’s still only seventeen.” 
Claire rolled her eyes and turned away from him. I watched Thomas carefully. Claire’s father was not a strong man in morals or physical strength, but he did have significant influence with the local law enforcement. If I did run away with Claire, I might never be able to come back. I knew what that would mean for my mother, as did Thomas. I nodded, showing that I understood the implications, and turned away as well. 
Claire pulled me down the street. Her ferocity diminished slowly as the events of the afternoon started to sink in. The walk through town was quiet, at first. I kept glancing around me, wondering if the townspeople watching us already knew of the Elder’s decision. Word spread quickly in small towns, and despite the changes the casino caused, San Juan was still a small town. 
During my early childhood, less than seven hundred people had lived in San Juan. As a child, every adult knew my name and the names of every child in the community. I knew most of the adults’ names as well. When the casino was built just outside of town eight years ago, it brought with it a population boom, swelling the town to nearly six thousand. Still much smaller than many other cities, the original San Juan residents were still adjusting to the sudden change. 
The main street through town was one of the few areas that had been updated with the arrival of the casino. I walked down the road, taking little notice of the new store signs or the flashy window displays. Regardless of how much San Juan had changed, my life had just been changed even more. 
Reaching the outer edge of San Juan, the summer crowds began to lessen and I was able to put the people and town out of my mind. Claire’s demeanor changed as well. Her fingers wound more tightly around my hand. Her face turned toward mine. 
“Uriah,” she began softly, “will you really take me away from here if the Elders won’t change their minds?” 
Thinking of my mom briefly, I answered, “Yes. I’ll find a way for us to be married.” 
Claire’s beautiful smile spread across her face. “I don’t believe a word Quaile said, do you?” 
In all honesty, I had never believed that Quaile possessed any power other than wisdom from old age, and even that I wasn’t sure about. Even now, with her strange denial, I couldn’t bring myself to believe she had seen any vision, but I couldn’t figure out why she would deny us either. 
“No. I don’t think Quaile can see the future. I just don’t understand why she’s doing this to us.” 
“It was probably my dad,” Claire said flatly. “He would do just about anything to keep us apart.” 
“Why does he hate me so much?” I asked. 
“Because you make me happy and you’ve ruined his clever plans for my future,” Claire said. She pulled her body closer to mine. “If there’s more to it than that, I have no idea what it is.” 
“He’s serious about calling the police if we leave, you know,” I said. 
Claire’s face lost a little of its luster. Her chin dipped, but only for a second before popping back up with a brilliant grin. “I know he is, but he can’t keep us apart forever. I turn eighteen in less than three months. After that, we can do whatever we want.” 
“Three more months isn’t so bad,” I said with a tempered smile. I would marry Claire right then if I could, but our mothers had been insistent that we wait until Claire graduated from high school. With everyone else against us, I wondered if we could really last until next summer. 
“Let’s see what my mom says first,” I said. “I’m sure your mom will be fine with us getting married still, but my mom really believes in what Quaile says and sees.” 
“Your mom knows us better than Quaile. She’ll side with us,” Claire said. Her surety was comforting, but I was still doubtful of what my mom would say. 
The day had turned out so differently from what I had expected when I woke up that morning. First the attack, now the refusal. My thoughts whirled, trying out plan after plan, a different one for every reaction my mom might have. Uncertainty lingered in my mind. How many nights had I gone to bed as a child listening to my mother tell me stories of Twin Souls, legendary warriors, and great shaman of our tribe? She would not pass off Quaile’s warning easily. I hoped Claire was right. My mom knew us well. She had to side with us. With everything my mom had been through lately, I couldn’t bear to abandon her. 
Claire leaned into me and I held her close. Her head reached only to my shoulder, but her body seemed molded to mine. I held her and wondered how anyone could think we didn’t belong together. 
 
 
 
Chapter 17
Amazing Enough
 
 
The rust colored adobe house where my mother lay wounded came into view and our pace quickened. Claire’s hand tightened around mine despite her earlier confidence. We crossed the gravel driveway as the sound of Sophia’s voice carried through an open window. She was singing. I didn’t recognize the song, but the reminder that her gentle healing arts were caring for my mom took a little of the weight off my shoulders. 
I was glad Sophia was still at the house. She had said before I left this morning that she would stay with us until my mom got better. It was a lot to ask, though. Having other patients to attend to, it would be a sacrifice to devote so much time to my mom. Her guilt over my dad’s death was probably a big motivation. I felt bad playing on her guilt, especially since it was unfounded, but I really did need her help. 
Feeling absolutely no guilt about pulling Sophia into our battle with Quaile, I hurried toward the house. I knew she would side with us. She didn’t seem to care much for tribal beliefs, and was even less enamored with Quaile. Quaile’s opinions on pretty much any matter meant very little to Sophia. 
I pushed open the front door, a little less nervous than before. Sophia’s song drifted off soothingly when we entered. Keeping her voice to a whisper, she asked, “The Elders weren’t too upset that you were late, were they?” 
“No,” I said shaking my head, “they didn’t care about that.” 
Finding the words to tell her what had happened seemed too challenging as I looked down at my mom. I had been hoping to return with news to cheer her up. Instead, I was bringing her one more problem neither of us had the strength to deal with right now. 
“Uriah,” Sophia said, “what happened?” 
I didn’t look at her right away. It took her soft touch on my shoulder to bring my gaze up to her. Shifting as her eyes fluttered opened, my mom looked up at me, and the answer to Sophia’s question stuck in my throat. I couldn’t tell her. 
“Uriah, Claire, what’s wrong?” my mom asked. Her weak voice was the only sound in the room. She struggled to prop herself up, but Sophia immediately settled her back down on the pillow. 
“You need rest, Lina. Don’t try to get up,” Sophia commanded. 
My mom scowled, but didn’t try to get up again. Sophia nodded and sat back in her chair rather than going back to cleaning. She kept her gaze pinned on me, but let my mom ask the question this time. 
“What happened?”  
“The Elders denied us,” I said slowly, trying to utter the words without screaming them in anger. My mom’s tired face wrinkled in confusion. 
Sophia stared at us, her round face hardening into a frown. “They did what?” 
“Quaile won’t allow us to be married. She said Claire isn’t my Twin Soul,” I said, anger building again. “As if that even matters. Neither of us actually believes in the old myths anyway. They’re just stories to teach kids how to behave better, or fairytales to help them fall asleep at night. I just don’t understand why she told us no.” 
My mom looked down, her hands twisting together as she considered the news. Sophia stood up, scraping her chair across the floor, and stepped closer to Claire and I. “I can’t believe she would do that,” Sophia spat. “Quaile thinks she is the absolute authority on everything. How dare she tell you that you can’t marry Claire.” 
Sophia and Quaile had never gotten along. Quaile openly disapproved of Sophia’s attempt to mix traditional medicine with modern science, and Sophia seemed to consider Quaile’s leadership outdated and useless. My mother, however, had the upmost respect for both women. Seeing what Sophia had done for my mom this morning compared to Quaile’s actions at the Council House, I was inclined to agree with Sophia. I would never say as much to my mom, though. 
“I can’t stand that woman,” Sophia muttered. 
“Sophia, hold your tongue, please. Let me think,” my mother said. Her hand moved wearily to her head. Sophia huffed in irritation, but didn’t comment again. 
I stood with Claire, too upset to sit. I waited, not entirely patient, but also not wanting to rush my mother’s decision. Claire fidgeted nervously by my side. I couldn’t leave my mom to fend for herself, but I wouldn’t give Claire up, either. Finally, my mom looked up at us. I steeled myself for her reaction. 
“Uriah, what do you want to do?” she asked. 
Surprised by her question, I was slow to answer. Claire squeezed my hand, prompting me to speak. “I want to marry Claire, of course.” 
My mom smiled. “Yes, I know, dear. How do you plan to accomplish that? Will you wait until the next meeting when the Elders reconvene and ask again, or will you leave?” Her last words came out as a whisper. Tears welled in her eyes. 
My heart sank. Could I really leave? Avoiding the second part of her question, I asked, “Do you really think waiting would help? Would Quaile actually give a different answer next time?” 
My mom shook her head slowly. She already knew the answer to that question. Quaile never changed her mind about anything, even when everybody knew she was dead wrong. “Where will you go?” she asked. “Claire is still seventeen. You know she can’t get married without her parents’ permission. Will you at least wait until she finishes school?” 
I looked at Claire. She had the same questions in her eyes. Remembering Thomas’s promise, I could only stutter out a quick answer. “I…I don’t know.” 
Walking toward my mom, I kneeled next to the couch. Claire, still keeping a tight grip on my hand, knelt beside me. As much as I wanted to rush off to Santa Fe, I knew I couldn’t disappear and leave everything hanging on my mom. 
“I won’t leave you by yourself, Mom. If we can convince Claire’s parents to let us get married somewhere else, we’ll go and come right back here. If her dad won’t agree, we’ll decide what to do then. We weren’t planning on getting married until next summer anyway, after Claire finishes school, and I think we should stick with that for now. We don’t have to rush into anything.” 
I tried desperately to remind myself of that fact. I felt like my world was tumbling out of control, but nothing had to be decided right that moment. Time, at least, was still on my side. Even dealing with Thomas could be managed given enough time and persistence, and whatever else it was I did. 
“I’m sure Hale will help with the ranch when we go,” I said, knowing we would certainly have to leave sooner or later. 
“Hale can manage the ranch on his own for a few days,” Sophia said. “He’s a good kid, trustworthy. I spoke to him already about staying on full time until you’re better, Lina.” 
I flinched at that, thinking of the cost. Having Hale help us out a couple of hours a day was already a stretch on our budget. We would find a way to make it work. I did need the help. 
“Thank you, Sophia,” I said. I had expected her to side with us immediately. She always disagreed with Quaile, but I knew she was honestly trying to help in any way she could. I appreciated her more than ever. 
 “Uriah,” my mom said quietly, “do you believe in Twin Souls?” 
I stared at her. Was she going to tell us no? I considered my words carefully. “I guess, in the literal sense, no. I believe in Twin Souls in the sense that Claire is the only woman I would ever want to be with.” 
A soft expression crossed my mom’s face. Glancing at Sophia, she sighed. Sophia shrugged her shoulders, obviously unconcerned with whatever my mom was thinking. 
“Twin Souls are real, Uriah, in the literal sense. Sadly, most people will never find their Twin Soul. When a couple goes to the Elders for permission, they think they’re going there to make sure they are Twin Souls but, in fact, the shaman’s vision tells her whether either of the individuals will ever actually meet their Twin Soul. 
“If the vision shows the shaman that neither person will meet their Twin Soul, she will give them permission to marry. However, if even one of the pair will meet their Twin Soul, the shaman must refuse their request.” My mom considered what she had said and perhaps what she had not. Her brows knit together as she struggled with her thoughts. “Did Quaile tell you when you might meet your Twin Souls?” 
“No,” I said, irritated that we were even discussing it. Hadn’t she already given us permission? “All she said was that one day we would meet our Twin Souls and we wouldn’t be able to resist them. I don’t believe her. I would never do that to Claire, and neither would she.” 
“It wouldn’t even be a choice, Uriah. A Twin Soul is not just the person who is the most perfect choice for you. It is truly the other half of your soul, separated before you were born to this earth. I know you may not believe that, but it’s true. I won’t stop you and Claire from getting married, but I want you to do it understanding that one day you’ll find your Twin Souls and you will abandon each other.” 
I could feel the heat spreading across my face. My hand tightened around Claire’s in anger at my mom’s words. “How can you say that? Do you really think I would hurt Claire?” 
Her hand reached out and settled gently on my arm. Her face was full of compassion and love. “Uriah, you are one of the most loving and kind people I have ever known. I know you love Claire with all your heart and that you truly believe you would never leave her. I’m just trying to explain that as much as you love Claire, without your Twin Soul, your heart can never truly be full.” 
I didn’t understand what she was saying. How could I love someone more than I loved Claire? I would do anything, give up anything for her, including my own life. I would give it willingly. I stared at her with questions there seemed to be no answers for. Why couldn’t Claire be my Twin Soul? Maybe Quaile was wrong. I looked at Claire, still pressed against my side. Her face was as uncomprehending as mine. 
“Look, none of this Twin Souls nonsense matters to either of us. Will you give us your permission to go to Santa Fe and get married despite the Elder’s decision?” I asked. 
“Of course I will, Uriah. I wasn’t trying to change your mind, just make sure you knew what you were risking,” she said. Her voice wavered as she spoke. She was too tired to be dealing with this right now. 
“We don’t believe it will be a risk, Mrs. Crowe. I feel the same as Uriah. Nothing could separate us from each other,” Claire said. 
I wondered why my mom believed in Twin Souls so deeply. Most of the tribe members considered it only a superstition, a way to have control over young couples eager to marry. I didn’t think most of the couples who went to the Elders even knew they were being checked to see if they were Twin Souls. So much of our beliefs had fallen to the past. Everyone probably just thought they were simply being respectful and asking permission to get married. Twin Souls were only in bedtime stories. Weren’t they? 
Thinking of how dedicated my parents had always been to each other, I asked “Were you and Dad Twin Souls?” 
Even before getting to know Claire’s parents, whose relationship was beyond me to understand, I had known that my parents were absolutely devoted to each other. I thought their relationship was what marriage was meant to be, but perhaps there was more to it than that. 
A sad smile crossed my mother’s face, but only briefly. Her hands folded tightly against her chest. “No, we weren’t.” 
I didn’t know what to say. I grew up watching my mom and dad and I knew they loved each other deeply. My dad had doted on my mom, living to make her happy. My mom had always found joy in helping him and doing what she considered small things to make his life infinitely happier. Was she saying that she wasn't as happy with Dad as it looked like she was?  If they were not Twin Souls, I had no idea who else to look for as an example. 
“How can you really believe that?” I asked her. 
The accusing tone in my voice snapped her eyes up to my face, before they settled into a glare. “Do not misunderstand me, Uriah,” she said in a voice equally hurt. “I loved your father as much as you love Claire, and he loved me, too, but in the face of true Twin Souls, our love was a candle next to the sun.” 
Closing her eyes, my mom calmed her emotions. When she spoke again, the anger was gone from her voice. 
“I’m sorry, Uriah. I shouldn’t have snapped at you. I’m just so tired,” she said. Rubbing her forehead briefly, it took a moment before she was able to continue. “Most people have never met true Twin Souls, so they can’t be blamed for not knowing the difference. Myself, I was incredibly lucky to have met Twin Souls. You never met them, but your father’s parents were true Twin Souls. Before your grandparents died, they came here to live with us so we could take care of them in their final days. The second they stepped through the door I felt it. 
“Their love was so strong, everyone around them could feel it, almost see it. They rarely had to speak to each other. They were so in synch that it just wasn’t necessary. Both of them often spoke about the sensation they felt when they finally met. Grandma Saqui said she felt such an overwhelming sense of completion when she met Grandpa Chua that she could not imagine her life without him. She felt that she would cease to exist if they were ever separated.” 
Claire looked up at me, the question clear on her face. Was my mom being overdramatic to make us consider our course more carefully, or was she being serious? I shook my head slowly. I wasn’t sure myself. I never knew my dad’s parents, so I had no personal witness to their extraordinary love, but my mom never lied or overstepped the truth, even in the smallest degree. 
“I was so confused by this,” Mom continued, “so I went to Quaile, seeking her wisdom. She confirmed my fears. Your father was not my Twin Soul as I had believed.” A tear escaped her eyes, but a deft finger brushed it away. 
“I was devastated, but Quaile was quick to reassure me. She told me that, although I would never meet my Twin Soul, your father loved me dearly and would always take care of me. It was her way of saying that he would never meet his Twin Soul either. She said that I should count myself lucky to have been in the presence of true Twin Souls. It was such a rare gift. 
“I wasn’t sure about that, as it left me feeling so incomplete, but the more I was around them the more I understood. It was an honor to have known them. To know that such true and pure love could exist filled me with joy and hope. And even though I couldn’t have that with your father, I came to realize that it didn’t matter. Your father made me happy and I knew our love was pure and full, if not as intense as your grandparents’ love.” 
My mom watched our expressions. Mine, at least, was mystified. Why was she telling us this? Even her own words seemed so conflicting, as if she didn’t know what she hoped to accomplish with the story. Did she want me to give up because I was not Claire’s Twin Soul, or find happiness with Claire despite never being able to share such an intense bond with her? 
“When you and Claire fell in love, I hoped she was your Twin Soul. I didn’t feel the same in your presence as I had around your grandparents, but I didn’t know whether that was something that developed over time or happened instantly,” my mom said. “Now we know for certain, but still, I will not stop you from leaving, Uriah. I don’t know that I’m right to let you go, but I will not take away your right to choose. You need to be able to choose as least some of what will happen to you in the future.” 
“Uh, thanks, I guess.” I was so confused. 
Did she want me to leave, or not? Why tell me about this amazing love she believed I could never have with Claire, if she was fine with me leaving and disobeying the Elders? And what did that last comment mean? It sounded like she was saying there would be some things in my future I wouldn’t get to choose. Did that have something to do with my dad’s letter? I wished she would just tell me what I needed to know. 
I couldn’t deal with all of this talk of myths and fantasy. I looked into Claire’s eyes and smiled. In all honesty, I didn’t care about my mom’s story, not in the way she seemed to. I cared about Claire. Even if my Twin Soul walked into the room that very second, I did not believe I would find her so irresistible. I would turn my back, with Claire in my arms. 
My mom smiled. My reaction must have been what she was wanting, though I couldn’t understand why. Her whole demeanor lightened and relaxed. Claire leaned closer to me, wrapping her arm around my shoulders, and holding me tightly. I could tell that my mom’s words had disturbed her as well. Would we receive the same cryptic permission from Claire’s mother? Or would she just refuse us entirely? It was time to find out. 
“Mrs. Crowe, thank you for giving us your permission to get married,” Claire said politely. “My parents are waiting for us, though. My dad doesn’t want us to go through with this, of course, but we still need to at least get my mother’s permission before we decide anything for sure.” 
“Of course, dear.” 
My mom tried to push herself higher on her pillow, but stopped when pain made her grimace. Instead, she stretched her hands out to my soon-to-be bride. Claire instantly reached out to her. Their embrace was warm, despite the earlier mood. 
“It will take you some time to plan everything, but I’ll do what I can to help you. Have your mom call me later so we can start planning.”
 Claire smiled at her optimism. I was not quite as enthusiastic. Thomas was a stubborn man, a stubborn man who thought he had won today. It might take more than I could do to convince him this time. 
“Thank you, Mom,” I said. “I’ll come back as soon as we talk to Claire’s parents. You just rest and let Sophia help you.” 
Sophia snorted at that. We both knew how well my mom took instruction from anyone but my dad. I knew Sophia was more than capable of keeping her patient in line. Thomas made me nervous. Having Sophia angry with me would honestly scare me. 
“Hurry back,” my mom said with a smile. “There are so many plans to make.” 
Helping Claire to her feet, I promised we would be back with news as soon as we could. Good news, hopefully. I knew Claire’s father was deadly serious when he threatened calling the police if we left without his permission. Claire’s shudder revealed her similar thoughts. 
 “Don’t worry, Uriah,” Claire said. “Even if my dad tries to fight us on this, I know you’ll be able to change his mind. He can’t stand up to you any more than anyone else can.” 
“I don’t know, Claire.” 
Patient frustration lined her features. “Why don’t you believe me about this? I’ve seen you do it a hundred times. No matter what the problem is, you tell people what to do and they do it. It’s worked on my dad before. It will work again.” 
“It doesn’t work on you,” I said. That was the most bizarre part of Claire’s theory. I didn’t want to believe her and accept that there was a part of me that had no explanation, or that I didn’t understand, but even stranger was the fact that Claire seemed to be the only person who was absolutely immune to it. I told her to do things, but if she didn’t think I was right she just ignored me. 
“I don’t know why it doesn’t work on me,” Claire said, “but I know it will work on my dad. You know it will, too. I don’t know why you argue with me about this.” 
“Because it freaks me out. That and the other stuff, it all makes me feel like there’s something waiting for me, like I should know something about myself, but I don’t,” I said. “It scares me.” 
Claire didn’t say anything for a few minutes. All the weird things that had been popping up over the last year bothered her too. It frustrated her to no end that she couldn’t figure any of it out. There was something about me that neither of us understood. I just had to hope that whatever it was wouldn’t interfere with marrying Claire. That was all I cared about. 
“My dad will give in,” Claire said softly. “I know he will.” 
“I hope you’re right,” I said. 
Maybe I could convince him, but what I really wanted was to have him agree on his own. Thomas looked at me with an expression that clearly said he did not think I was good enough for his daughter, and even though I knew I had no chance of ever proving myself to him, I couldn’t help but want his approval. I didn’t want to start off Claire’s and my life together with a bitter fight between her dad and me. 
Claire walked beside me, her usual talkative nature subdued. I tried to forget Thomas as we walked. All too soon, Claire’s home appeared. The creamy off-white stucco looked brilliant against the deep red terra cotta roof tiles. The lush lawn and rose gardens that surrounded the house were a testament to Sarah Brant’s East Coast roots. Few others bothered with so much greenery in the dry Southwestern desert. 
Claire stopped at the end of the paved driveway and looked up at me. “Are you ready?” 
“No,” I said, “but let’s go in anyway. It can’t be any worse than facing Quaile.” 
Claire grimaced. We could ignore Quaile and go somewhere else to get married. She might not like us for it, but it wasn't like we had to see her all the time. She could think we were idiots, from a distance, all she wanted. Whether I liked it or not, I was going to be stuck with Thomas for the rest of my life. One way or the other. 
“You’ll convince him. Everything will be fine,” Claire said. She pulled me toward her home, but as we approached the door even Claire paused. “But if it isn’t, just remember that I turn eighteen in three months. We can make it three months. If we absolutely have to.” 
“Are you doubting me, now?” I asked. “This was your theory. You can’t doubt me now.” 
She laughed and kissed me. “Not doubting, just wishful thinking.” 
“What?”                                              
“My dad saying no would be the only thing that would make you willing to go against our mom’s and run off with me to Santa Fe,” Claire said. “And I, for one, would be more than happy to marry you in October instead of next August.” 
I couldn’t keep myself from smiling.
She tried to keep her playful grin, but it slowly turned more serious. “But seriously, Uriah, you can do this. I know you can. I don’t know why, or how, but there is something truly amazing and special about you. It scared me at first but, whatever this is, it feels important. You can’t hide from it anymore.” 
“But I don’t want to be special or amazing, Claire. I just want to marry you and spend the rest of my life with you. For me, that’s amazing enough. You are the most important thing in my life.” 
I didn’t want whatever this other stuff was. I was just a rancher, and hopefully someday a veterinarian, too, but that was all I ever wanted to be. I didn’t want strange abilities or vague warnings about my future. I wanted to make Claire happy and raise my sheep. Why was that so much to ask? 
Every trace of her smile was gone, now. Claire held my face in her hands and held me in her gaze. I had never seen her look so serious before. This wasn’t a theory or joke to tease me with anymore. Our future together was in jeopardy. 
“If you want to marry me,” Claire said, “then you’re going to have to embrace this other side of you, because nothing short of you forcing my dad into letting us get married is going to work.” 
I nodded and reached for the door. It was time to see what I could really do. 
 
 
 
Chapter 18
The Chance to Fight
 
 
“Absolutely not! I will never allow it, Sarah.” 
“Sit down, Thomas.” Sarah Brant’s voice was calm, but edged with steel. 
This same fight had raged for weeks once already. We had all thought it was over, but not anymore. Thomas sat down with a huff. Sarah’s icy glare melted away, replaced by a sweet smile when she turned back to me and Claire. I shifted on the pale pink, antique couch. 
“I have a few questions for both of you before I decide,” she said. 
There was no point for Sarah to even try to make Thomas see reason. That was blatantly apparent. Him, I would deal with in a moment, but I wanted Sarah to give her approval freely. The fight she had just put up for us was a good indicator. Thomas undoubtedly saw Quaile’s refusal as his chance to change his wife’s mind, but Sarah was not about to budge for a myth she didn’t even believe in. She respected tradition, but I doubted she would let it interfere with Claire’s happiness. As much as Thomas ignored and belittled Claire, Sarah doted on her. 
Sarah would make her own decision and Thomas would be forced to live with the knowledge that he had tried to stop us. 
“When we first discussed you two getting married, you were planning on waiting until next summer, after Claire graduates. Those are still your plans?” 
Claire and I nodded in unison, but Claire’s hesitation told me that she was thinking of her eighteenth birthday just as I was. Her mother smiled at our half-hearted response and continued. 
“Now, I am fully aware that the only reason you are even asking our permission is because Claire is still only seventeen and can’t get married without one of us signing for her. Otherwise, I suspect you two might have been on your way to Santa Fe by now.”
I could feel my face heating up, which brought another knowing smile from Sarah. 
“If Claire had already graduated, I would be happy to sign for her, but she still has another year of school left. Even though Claire turns eighteen in October, I would still like you to wait until next summer to get married. Are you honestly both okay with that?” she asked. 
“Of course, Mom,” Claire said quickly. “As long as we know you’re behind us, we can wait until next summer.” Her mother’s gaze fell on me. 
“Yes, Mrs. Brant. We’re both willing to wait until next summer. I don’t want anything to interfere with Claire finishing high school,” I said. 
I meant it, even though I hated making the promise. Claire and I were going to have to make some new friends if we were going to get through the next year. With Tyler and Lana leaving in two weeks, I had a feeling we might need a few distractions as the days wore on. 
“Wonderful,” Sarah said. Her smile widened. 
“You can’t give them permission by yourself, Sarah. I am the head of this family,” Thomas said. A quick look from his wife cut off his arguing. Thomas’s money and power worked on a lot of people, but Sarah wasn’t one of them. 
“Now, Uriah, darling, while I have the upmost respect for Miss Quaile and Tewa traditions, I would be thrilled to give you my permission to be married outside of the tribal lands. As for Thomas, he may still need some convincing.” 
Still wary of Thomas’s anger, I kept my eyes carefully trained on Sarah. “Thank you, Mrs. Brant.” 
“Don’t think you’ve won anything, Uriah. My influence goes well beyond San Juan Pueblo,” Thomas threatened. “I will never give my blessing for you and Claire to get married.” 
That was it. 
“Yes, you will.” I had sat and listened to him criticize me and point out all my faults for two hours. I was sick of it. 
“What…what did you say?” Thomas stuttered. “I won’t.” 
His voice was dangerously weak, but I had actually expected him to just agree right away. 
“You heard me, Thomas. I said that you will give us your permission.” His face was pale, but his jaw was tight enough to crush the teeth right out of his skull. “This is what Claire wants. She wants me. You have no right to tell her she can’t marry me.” 
Thomas still wasn’t ready to give in. “Claire doesn’t know what this will do to her. She doesn’t know. I can’t let her marry you!” Thomas said. 
“Why not?” 
“Because I know who you are! You aren’t right for her. You’re only going to hurt her.” 
“I’m not going to hurt her,” I argued. “And what do you mean, you know who I am? That’s the second time you’ve said that to me. What do you know?” 
Thomas choked on the breath he had just taken. “Nothing! I mean, I just meant that I know you aren’t the right person for her. Don’t ask me to let Claire marry you when I know it isn’t right. Quaile told you this wasn’t right.” 
I didn’t understand whether he was honestly talking about me not being Claire’s Twin Soul, or not. That couldn’t have been what he meant the first time he said it, but I had no idea what he might mean if that wasn’t it. Did he have the answers Claire and I had been looking for? Did that have something to do with why he hated me so much? I doubted he would want to tell me if he did know anything, but if I could get him to let us get married, maybe I could find out what he was hiding, too. 
His permission first, though. I was so tired of dealing with him. 
“Thomas, I’m not going to waste any more time arguing with you. You know Claire should get to choose who she marries. You know it. Give us your permission, now, and I don’t want to hear another word about it from you,” I said. 
He looked absolutely sick. He knew I was right. The fight to control his daughter’s life drained out of him. “You’ll regret this, Uriah. You’ll figure out one day what a mistake this is. But if you really want it, you have it. You have my permission to marry Claire. You knew you would get it anyway,” he said, his shoulders slumping in defeat. “At least you gave me the chance to fight it.” 
Thomas sunk down into his chair. He knew he would give in. Did he know about Claire’s theory, or was it just experience that had taught him? Or maybe it was part of what he refused to tell me. He knew something about me, and I was going to find out what it was. 
It took a few moments for what had just happened to sink in for Claire and Sarah. Claire’s reaction was a little more active than mine. She jumped out of her chair and ran over to her mom. The ecstatic hug knocked Sarah into the back of her chair, but didn’t diminish either of their excitement. 
“Oh, thank you,” Claire gushed. There weren’t going to be any hugs for her dad. 
After extracting herself from the strangling hug, Sarah turned a slightly bewildered look back to her husband. I couldn’t help but follow it. 
“Thomas, why don’t you go and get some tea from the kitchen? We should drink to our daughter’s good news, and since they’re not old enough for anything stronger, tea will have to do.” 
I watched as the scowl on his face suddenly brightened at the mention of the tea. My thoughts clouded immediately. I doubted that he really liked tea enough to overwhelm his dislike for me. Perhaps he was just glad to get away from me before I made him agree to anything else. Claire brought my attention back to her with a crushing hug. 
“Oh, I’m so relieved,” she said. “I was actually kind of worried for a moment there, but I should have known you would handle him and make him see that he isn’t in charge of who I marry any more than Quaile is. Now we don’t have to wait the year, at least. I’d rather we got married in June anyway. Maybe things will still work out for the best regardless of Quaile.” 
I was, of course, just as thrilled as Claire was that her parents wouldn’t stand in our way, but when her dad returned, still wearing his strangely optimistic expression, I found it hard to return her enthusiasm. Nobody else seemed to notice Thomas’s odd behavior. Claire was back at her mother’s side discussing a date for the wedding. Slowly, Thomas set the tray on the small, elegant table between him and his wife. 
He passed out the dainty cups, though not with the ease of a practiced hostess that his wife possessed. I took a small sip of the tea after watching Thomas take a drink from his own cup. I really had no idea what he might do. I seriously doubted his efforts to keep Claire away from me were over. 
“Claire?” Sarah’s voice sounded slightly off. “Claire, darling, are you all right?” 
Tea sloshed over my hand as I snapped around to look at her. Stunned by the look on her face, the cup slipped to the floor, my hand reaching out to clasp Claire’s. 
“Claire, what’s wrong?” 
The color in her face was fading rapidly. Her hand stiffened and seemed to lose its heat. 
“Claire,” I called, my voice tight and shaky. “Claire, please look at me. Tell me what’s wrong.” 
Her entire body crumpled, falling back into the chair. Sarah screamed and flew to her daughter’s side. She began tapping her face gently, calling her name, pleading with Claire to answer. My mind cleared in an instant and my fury rose, lifting me out of the chair. I turned to Thomas. His superior smirk disappeared quickly as he jumped out of his seat. 
“What did you do to her?” I yelled. 
He moved to grab his phone, but I snatched his hand away and held it, feeling his knuckles grind together sickeningly. His stuttering denials didn’t even reach my ears. I squeezed harder. His pleas changed into frightened squeals. 
“What was in her tea?” I asked through gritted teeth. 
Sarah Brant’s furious gaze snapped to her husband. There was no doubt in her mind that Thomas was responsible for the scene before us. Unwilling to leave her daughter’s side, the accusation in her voice was more painful than anything I had done. 
“Thomas Brant, you explain yourself this instant, or I will call the police myself!” 
I pulled the quivering man closer, twisting his arm painfully to bring him within inches of my face. Words escaped me now. The blood thudding through my veins urged me to snap the pitiful man in half. He must have seen what was coming. 
“Zarafen gave it to me,” he cried out. His admission did little to ease his pain. 
“Shaxoa,” Sarah hissed. 
“The witch?” I yelled. 
I couldn’t believe Thomas would even risk speaking her name, let alone actually going to her. I knew Zarafen dealt in many things Quaile would curse as evil but, until that night, until I saw my precious Claire fall silent and still, I didn’t actually believe in her potions or curses. 
The mention of the evil woman’s name was enough to tear Sarah from Claire’s side. She flew at her husband in a rage. Her fists beat at his face and body. I did nothing to stop her. 
“How could you?” she screamed. “She’s your daughter, you monster. How could you do this to her?” 
As if Thomas was just now seeing Claire, his body sagged. “Is she…dead?”
“No,” Sarah spat. Her gaze was still livid, but she seemed to realize that action was more important than dealing with her husband at that moment. “I can’t wake her, though. What did you give her? Tell me the truth, Thomas, or you may not live long enough to regret lying to me.” 
I only half doubted her threat. 
“Zarafen, she said it would make her forget Uriah, that she would only want her Twin Soul. She never said it would hurt her. I promise you, I would never harm Claire, not on purpose,” he said, his voice pleading for understanding. He found none. 
Slapping her husband across the face, Sarah turned away from him with disgust. “We need to get Claire to Sophia,” Sarah said quickly. 
“She’s with my mom,” I said. I was still holding Thomas captive. 
“Good. Take Claire to your house so Sophia can look at her. Perhaps she’ll know what to do to help her,” Sarah said, pulling me toward Claire’s body. 
Forcing myself to release Thomas’s arm, I knelt next to Claire. Her lifeless expression tore at me. 
“Don’t worry, Claire,” I said, “everything will be okay.”
 I reached down and slid my arms under her body, nearly blacking out when I did. The pain was back. I thought it was gone, that losing my dad was horrible enough to make touching Claire seem inconsequential. The idea of losing Claire was enough to bring it all back. It felt even worse than before. Her small frame felt so light in my arms. I cradled her to my chest, feeling her slow and steady heartbeat. 
“Hurry, Uriah. Get her to Sophia.” Rounding on her husband, I could hear the venom in her voice as she spoke. “Thomas, you and I will go find Quaile. If Sophia can’t help, I think Quaile might be able to tell us what’s happening. The Elders can deal with you later.” 
Thomas reached out for Claire with a shaking hand. Sarah pushed him away, hard enough to send him sprawling into a chair. If I hadn’t been cradling Claire, I wouldn’t have let him off so easy. My hands were itching to slam into his face. 
“Get your hands away from her. You’ll never set a finger on her again if I have anything to say about it, Thomas,” I growled. 
The man sobbed quietly. Disgusted by him, Sarah turned away. Pushing a set of car keys into my hand, Sarah squeezed my arms tightly. The fear and worry in her voice made me tremble as she spoke. “Take care of her, Uriah. We’ll bring Quaile as quickly as we can.” Her shaking hands pushed me out the door. 
I ran. 
The black SUV was only a few feet from the door, but my steps seemed slow and unnatural. Reaching the passenger’s door in a haze, I gently settled Claire into the seat, strapping the belt around her limp form. I barely noticed anything as I climbed into the driver’s side except Claire’s steady pulse. 
The rocky, unpaved roads made the journey twice as long as it should have been. Avoiding potholes, and scraping over the uneven ground, I raced through San Juan. Townspeople stared as I flew past them. A few called after me, but I ignored them. I had wasted so much time being afraid to talk to Claire. One year with her wasn’t enough. This couldn’t be the end for us. Sophia would help her. She had to. I focused on each of Claire’s heartbeats as I drove, terrified that the next one would be her last. 
 
 
 
Chapter 19
No Other Way
 
 
Sophia cried out in surprise when I slammed the door of the house open. My sleeping mom was startled awake. Her hand flew to her mouth when she saw the burden I carried. Stumbling into the room, I stopped. My mom was lying on the only piece of furniture currently in the room. Dad’s overstuffed recliner that used to be in the corner had been moved out to the garage because neither of us could bear to use it. I stood staring, unsure of what to do next. Suddenly, Sophia was there, rescuing me from my stupor. 
“Lay her down, Uriah. Hurry,” she demanded. 
I looked down, realizing Sophia had already set out several woven blankets and a pillow on the floor. Carefully, I dropped to my knees and laid Claire’s still body on the hastily made bed. The pain slipped away and my strength returned immediately, leaving me lightheaded. 
“What happened, Uriah?” Sophia asked. 
The words stuck in my throat as I tried to force myself to say out loud what had happened. “He poisoned her,” I croaked. Falling to my knees, I slipped my arms around Claire’s body. I didn’t care about the pain. It was the only thing keeping me sane. 
“What?” both my mother and Sophia asked in unison. 
“Thomas. He went to Zarafen.” Both women hissed at the mention of her name. “She gave him a something to make her forget me. I guess he put it in her tea, and a second later she looked like this,” I said. My words tumbled out, nearly incoherent. “She’s so still.” 
My hand brushed her hair back gently. My lips touched her forehead. Open your eyes, I silently pleaded. 
“Her heart is beating,” Sophia said trying to comfort me. 
I nodded my head. That was the only thing I did know. Even still, my hand slipped down to her slender wrist. Feeling the gentle flow of her blood overpowered the pain and held back my tears. How long could she stay like this? 
“Can you help her?” 
“I’ll try,” she said. 
I heard the uncertainty in the healer’s voice. Closing my eyes, I begged whatever god would listen to save her. My parents had never held too closely with any sort of religious devotion outside the tribal beliefs, so I called on the ones I was familiar with now. 
The minutes dragged by as Sophia prepared herbs for teas and retrieved chemical solutions in little glass bottles from her bag. Until my mom’s shaking hand touched my shoulder, I didn’t even realize she had moved from her sick bed. I looked in her eyes and saw such fear, worse even than when she had lain in the grip of the mountain lion’s jaws. I knew she shouldn’t be up. I needed her near me, though. Her injured leg stuck out at an awkward angle, but she draped her arm around my shoulders, holding me steady when I feared I was slipping away with every faint beat of Claire’s heart. 
Sophia crouched beside Claire and began applying her healing herbs and piercing her skin with needles. I watched, hoping for some response in her limp body. The smells mingled, strong enough to sting my eyes, but did nothing to rouse my precious Claire. I watched the clock hands tick by, counting the long minutes as Sophia worked. Nothing changed. I started to wonder what was taking Claire’s parents so long to get back with Quaile. Perhaps Quaile wouldn’t come after we refused to follow her council. My breathing grew more ragged as I felt hope sliding away from me. 
“Uriah.” 
“Uriah,” Sophia called more urgently. “Calm down. Let go of her wrist. You’re squeezing it too tightly.” 
Startled, I released my grip, but not feeling her heart beat under my fingertips was too much to ask of me. I replaced my hand, careful of the pressure I applied, ignoring the unnatural pain that assaulted me. A sharp rap on the door was followed quickly by the familiar creak of its hinges. 
“How is she, Sophia?” Sarah asked, rushing to her daughter’s side. Kneeling next to Claire, she looked expectantly at the healer. 
“She’s no different from when Uriah got here with her. I don’t know what’s keeping her unconscious,” she admitted. 
A pang of terror struck me. 
“Your herbs will do no good,” Quaile said shakily. 
Her voice was normally so sure and strong. The tremor of fear I heard was absolutely stunning. I stared back at her and realized Claire’s father was huddling in the doorway. The urge to grab him and inflict the pain I was feeling back on him was almost too strong to resist. Going after him meant letting go of Claire. 
Sophia’s indignant huff drew my gaze. “How can you know…?”
“I do not doubt your skill, healer,” Quaile’s voice interrupted, “but this is no disease or sickness. Neither herbs nor Anglo medicine will cure her. This is magic stronger than I believed Zarafen capable of.” 
“What do you mean?” Sophia asked. 
I was shocked that she didn’t argue about Quaile’s claim of magic. While Sophia did not hold with many of the modern medical practices, despite being a nurse, she was still a practical woman. Her herbs, she argued were given to us by the gods to use for healing. There was nothing magical in them. It was the natural way to heal wounds and sickness. I had always thought that her anger towards Quaile was that she claimed some pathway to mystical power. I wondered how Sophia accepted the idea of magic so easily. 
“I have heard of this potion, but I’ve never seen it used before. I would not have thought anyone foolish enough to try it,” Quaile said. Her fiery gaze was leveled at Thomas. He cowered under her stare, backing away until he reached the far wall. “Zafaren told Thomas that the potion would make Claire forget Uriah. That is true, in a way. What the potion has done is cast the child into a deep sleep, from which she will not awaken without being given the antidote.” 
“There’s an antidote?” My voice cracked as I spoke, but I felt such unbelievable relief. I stroked Claire’s cheek and a soft sigh escaped her lips. Whatever was necessary, Claire would have the cure. 
“Yes, there is,” Quaile said slowly. 
“Well, tell us what it is, woman. We’re not here for theatrics,” Sophia said harshly. 
“The antidote is very simple. Mint, rosemary, and lavender steeped in a tea, but,” Quaile said, raising a finger to quiet Sophia’s interruption, “the tea must be…administered by her Twin Soul, or else it will not work.” 
“That’s it?” Sophia said. There was a searching question in her dark eyes. “All her Twin Soul has to do is give it to her? There must be more to it than that.” 
“Do not question me, Sophia,” Quaile said. “Claire’s Twin Soul is the only one who can save her. Nothing else will work.” Her voice was surprisingly shrill and tight as she spoke. 
“No,” I said, “you’re only saying that to make me give up on Claire. I won’t do it! Sophia, hurry up and mix the tea.” I waited expectantly for Sophia to move, but she stood, twisting her hands silently. 
“I’ve already tried giving her those herbs, Uriah. They did nothing.” 
“Uriah, I am not trying to trick you about this. I would not do that. I would not have tried to stop you from taking Claire away from the tribe to marry her, either. I only tried to warn you of the consequences,” she said. A weary hand crossed her face, as if brushing away unpleasant thoughts. “Uriah, I am telling you the truth. Claire will stay asleep without the antidote, but this is not a natural sleep. Claire’s soul is locked away from her body by the potion and, without her soul, her body will waste away as her mind dreams of her Twin Soul. Uriah, if you do not find her Twin Soul in time, Claire will die.” 
The room was absolutely silent except for a quick sob from Thomas. I had heard every Twin Soul story there was growing up. I knew exactly what would happen if Claire’s Twin Soul was brought here. “But,” I began, struggling to find the words I needed, “if I find her Twin Soul and let him give her the herbs, she’ll belong to him. She’ll forget about me.” 
“Yes,” Quaile said. There was no satisfaction in her voice. “I am asking you to give Claire up in order to save her life.” 
The words sunk in slowly. How many times had I said to myself that I would do anything for Claire? Never, had I even considered that I would be asked to give her to another man. But how could I refuse? I couldn’t sit by and watch her die. The words stuck in my throat. I couldn’t bring myself to say it. Was there no other way? 
“Where is he?” I asked, my rigid throat barely letting the words slip out. 
I heard my mother start to cry. Her quiet sobs shuddered against my shoulder. Sophia muttered something under her breath that definitely did not sound complimentary. Sarah lowered her head, level with mine, her eyes pleading. 
“I…I’m not sure,” Quaile said. 
Sophia growled at the elderly woman. 
“I mean,” Quaile corrected, “I do not know where he is right now. As Claire weakens, he’ll be drawn to her. He’ll want to save her. In my vision, I saw Claire meeting him in Tucson, Arizona. I don’t know if he will be there now, but it’s a place to start, at least.” 
A place to start? The Tucson area held more than one million people. And what if he wasn’t even there? Where was I supposed to go next? Hopelessness washed over me. 
My gaze was pulled back to Claire. I stroked her soft hair. It had fallen in rolling waves, swept to one side of her face. Her expression was surprisingly peaceful. She really did look as if she were simply sleeping. If only she would wake up. Running my fingers along her jaw as I had done many times before, fresh tears slipped down my face. Strangling fear gripped me as I wondered if it would be the last time I would touch her so fondly. I gently kissed her lips, my tears wetting her copper skin. 
Reluctantly, I pulled back from her. I stood and turned away from Claire, unable to look at her any longer, not if I would only have to give her up. “Sophia, will you talk to Hale about helping out on the ranch while I’m gone?” 
Sophia nodded. I trusted her. I needed her right now. I was leaving so much behind. 
“My truck has to stay here. It’s the only vehicle we have and Hale needs it to do the work on the ranch.” 
I had to leave. There was no telling how long Claire might have. I had to leave right now, but there was so much standing in my way.  
“Take one of our vehicles,” Thomas said. His voice was barely loud enough to be heard, but the desperation behind his words was deafening. 
I nodded curtly. I wasn’t about to thank him, not when all of this was his fault. Sophia returned from the kitchen. I hadn’t even seen her leave. She carried a bulging pack and canteen. Shoving them into my arms, she tried to remain stoic, but worry shone in her eyes. The canteen sloshed as I accepted the packages with my thanks. 
“Go and change your clothes,” she ordered. “I’ll gather whatever else I can find.” 
I looked down, realizing I still wore my ceremonial clothing. Had it really only been earlier that afternoon that Claire and I stood before Quaile? Dazed by the flood of events, I carefully set the food and water down. Somehow my feet carried me to my room. I undressed in haste, though I felt as if time had slowed to a hazy crawl. I was leaving. I was leaving my injured mother and my poisoned fiancée behind. 
When I reemerged from the room, clothed in my regular work clothes once again, the scene had changed considerably. The old recliner had been pulled out of the garage and covered with blankets and pillows. I was thankful for the blanket covering it. It was still hard to look at that chair and not feel the pain of my dad’s death. 
My mom was resting in the chair, her injured leg propped up carefully under a pile of pillows. Claire’s body had been moved from the floor to the couch, closer to the fire. Her cheeks were flushed from the heat. It made her look more alive. 
“Cole is on his way with a car. He should be here soon,” Sarah said. She gripped my hand and held me with her eyes. “Maybe Quaile is wrong about losing Claire to this other man. You have to have hope, Uriah.” 
My jaw tightened to keep it from quivering like a scared child. Burying her face in my chest, I could feel her tears dampening my shirt. My arms instinctively wrapped around her small shoulders. “I won’t let her go without a fight,” I said. 
Sarah pulled away from me with a firm smile. Handing me my pack of food and supplies, she said, “I know you won’t, Uriah. And neither will she.” 
I went to my mom next. Looking up at me, her face was hard. She was scared. I was sure my own expression mirrored hers. I wanted to apologize to her for leaving, tell her it would be okay, but her eyes told me it was unnecessary. She knew my fears and regrets because she shared them. 
“Go, Uriah. I’ll be fine. Hale is a good worker, and Sophia will stay with me as long as I need her. Go.” 
I knelt by her side and wrapped her in my arms. 
“Just be careful. There’s no telling what you might come across out there,” she said gravely. “Come back to me. Come back to Claire.” 
Not wanting to stay in the room any longer, I turned to face the door. I needed to leave, but my feet denied my desires and carried me back to my precious Claire. 
Leaning close to her, I whispered, “I love you.” 
My lips touched hers for a brief second before the pain was too great and I bolted out the door. 
 
 
 
Chapter 20
A Chance
 
 
The air flowed into my lungs more easily outside. I looked around, hoping to see Cole on his way with one of his family’s vehicles. The night was quiet and the moon revealed every rock in the road. I stood in the driveway, staring down the uneven dirt road. Shouldn’t Cole have gotten here by now? Taking a step toward the road, I decided to go after him. The seconds ticking away were precious heartbeats Claire could not spare. 
“Uriah,” a tired voice called out. “I need to speak with you before you go.” 
“Quaile?” 
“Uriah, there was more to my vision this morning than I told you at the Council House,” she said. 
I stopped, waiting for her explanation. 
“I have known you since your birth. I was there. Did you know that?” she asked. 
I shook my head. 
“No? Well, I was. I try to attend the birth of every child in the tribe.” 
I shrugged impatiently. Was this important, considering the situation? 
She nodded as if reading my thoughts. 
“Sometimes when I attend a birth, I am given a glimpse of the infant’s future,” she said. “Your birth was especially unique for me. Usually, if I see anything, I see only a few random images. If any tragedy will befall the person, when they will die, who they will marry, major events that will affect them. But you, your birth was like nothing I had ever experienced before. 
“As you took your first breath, I was swept up in a vision so strong it left me with no strength afterward. I saw you as a young man fighting your way through thick forests. I could not tell what was attacking you, but they were more than mere animals or even men. You were searching for something, but you could not get away from your enemies. 
“There was such strength in you. The evil beings were terrified of what you might do, and were conspiring to stop you. Then, suddenly, the vision changed. You were standing in a barren valley, surrounded by beasts and monsters. A man stood on a hill above you laughing as if he had gone mad, holding a young woman, daring you to rescue her.” 
“Claire?” I asked, enraptured by her vivid story. 
“No. I have never seen the woman before,” Quaile said. 
I wanted to push her out of the way and tell her to quit wasting my time. “Then what does all of this matter?” I needed to get out of here. 
“I do not know, Uriah. I don’t fully understand the dreams, but one thing was made clear to me, today, when you approached the Elders. The same vision repeated this morning with one small difference. It began with you taking the first steps of this journey to save Claire’s life. I did not know Claire would be poisoned today. I only saw her injured and in need. If you leave tonight, you will be setting yourself on the path the vision foretold. There is more to you than you could ever have imagined. This journey will reveal that to you,” the shaman said. “This decision will change your life, Uriah. You will not be able to turn back once you begin.” 
“I don’t care, Quaile,” I said, exasperated with the entire conversation. “What would you like me to do, stay here and let Claire die?” 
“Of course not. I am merely trying to warn you. My vision held many dangers, physical and otherwise. There are good reasons why so few find their Twin Soul. There are forces in this world that will do anything to keep Twin Souls apart forever. You should not walk into that kind of situation blindly,” she said. 
Her withered frame leaned heavily on her cane. Quaile’s eyes closed for a second and she sighed as if finally letting go of a heavy burden. 
I couldn’t understand the relevance of what she had just told me. Clenching my jaw in frustration, I took several deep breaths. Warn me? What exactly had she warned me about? I might end up in the middle of a forest, or fighting hoards of evil beasts to rescue a woman I had never met. How did that help me? I was still as blind as I was before she told me of her cryptic vision. I’d had more than enough of this woman for one day. 
“Quaile,” I said through clenched teeth, “thank you for your warning. I intend to leave tonight, regardless. If you have any useful information that will help me save Claire, her Twin Soul’s name, maybe, I would be more than happy to hear it.” 
Her wrinkled eyes narrowed and her lips thinned into an irritated line. As nice as I thought I had been, Quaile didn’t seem to appreciate my tone. Prideful and frustrating to the end, that was Quaile. Blowing out a breath I had been holding without realizing, my stance softened. Obviously accepting the change as the only apology she was going to receive, Quaile touched my shoulder gently. 
“I’m sorry you have to do this, Uriah. If there was anyone in this world who deserved a life of peace and joy, it would be you. You have always been such a strong and kind young man,” she said. Pausing, she reached into her pocket and drew a thin line of dark string out. “Claire’s Twin Soul does not have to see her to complete the connection. All he has to do is touch some part of her.” 
Gently, she laid the token in my hand. The cold strands tickled my palm as I realized it was not a simple string, but a strand of Claire’s hair. 
“If he touches this, he will come. He will have to come. His name is Daniel.” 
I wanted to throw the strand away, wanting nothing that would seal Claire’s fate. My hand sat open, though, and I stared at the lock of hair. Could it really be that simple? One touch, and Claire would forget every kiss, every caress we had shared, and every dream we held deep in our hearts. Would she even notice my heart breaking and falling at her feet? 
“Perhaps,” Quaile said softly, “you will not need this. Maybe you will convince him to come without it and find a way to keep the connection from forming. There may still be hope.” 
Though her words were optimistic, the quiver in her voice revealed her true feelings. Unfortunately, that was exactly what I was hoping to do, save Claire without losing her forever. My hope was barely more than Quaile’s, but I was clinging to it fiercely. 
“I won’t lose her,” I said. Her expression melted into a mask of pity. Wanting to shake the look off her face, I instead simply said, “Thank you, Quaile.” 
The shaman’s lips parted, about to speak again when the purr of an engine reached us. Quaile grimaced, disturbed by the interruption. Turning away from her, I walked closer to the road. Cole wasn’t far away. I silently pleaded with him to hurry. Glancing back toward the house, I jumped when I realized Quaile was still standing behind me. 
“Just be careful, Uriah,” she whispered, then turned and headed back into the house. 
Her quick departure made me pause. Knowing that she had wanted to say more, I wondered what had been left out. Was there more to the vision? Stepping toward the house, I wanted to ask her for the whole truth. The scattering of rocks and cutting of an engine stopped me. 
 
 
 
Chapter 21
Unwanted Companion
 
 
“Uriah,” Cole called out. “What’s going on? My dad said Claire was sick, or something, and told me to bring you something to drive. I came as fast as I could.” 
Forgetting the frustrating shaman, my direction changed. I rushed over to the massive truck Cole was climbing out of. Thomas’s Dodge Ram Mega Cab was his pride and joy. A part of me was thrilled to be taking it away. I held my hand out for the keys, but was quickly stalled when Cole snorted at my request. Claire’s brother or not, I really wanted to punch him. What was I supposed to drive then? 
“Yeah right, Uriah. My dad would die if I let you take his truck,” Cole said. 
Shutting the cab door, he hurried around to the truck bed. Moonlight glinted off the smooth curves of a Harley Davidson Sportster. Thomas had made such a big deal about the bikes a few weeks ago when he brought them home. Accusing him of being in the throes of a mid-life crisis, Sarah had thrown a fit. They had not been allowed to leave the garage yet. Happy to cause Thomas pain of any kind, a rueful smile snuck onto my face. 
Cole had the bike unloaded before I was done enjoying my small moment of vengeance. Tossing me a helmet, he asked, “So what’s going on?” 
Forgetting the bike immediately, my gaze turned back toward the house. “Claire was poisoned,” I said, unable to come up with any better word for the situation. “I have to go find someone who can help her.” Snatching the keys from Cole’s hand, I climbed onto the bike and brought the engine to life. 
“Poisoned?” Cole asked. “By who?” 
“Your father,” I growled before kicking away the stand and twisting the clutch. 
Not used to such rough treatment, the bike leapt forward when I slammed the gas down as far as it would go. Leaning into the wind, I kept the sleek bike running hard. The cool night air rushed into my face and lungs. I struggled to clear my head, to force away thoughts of Thomas’s betrayal. It wasn’t until I heard a second roar coming up behind me that I eased up on the gas. Cole’s voice crackled in my ear through a set of speakers wired into the helmet. 
“Damn it, Uriah, you’re going to overheat the engine before we even get off the reservation if you don’t ease up. They’re not used to running so hard. There not used to running at all, actually.” 
Slowing my pace, I stared at Cole in confusion. I forgot Thomas had brought home two of the motorcycles, thinking he would be forgiven if he claimed it was for father-son bonding. “What are you doing?” I asked. 
Cole’s eyebrows rose. His shoulders shrugged as if I had just asked him why the sky was blue. “I’m coming with you,” he said as if the answer should have been perfectly obvious. 
Eyeing the pack strapped behind his seat, I realized what had taken him so long to get to my house. He had taken the time to pack extra clothes before running off. I doubted there was anything useful in the pack. As usual, Cole was more concerned about staving off boredom, and looking good while doing it, than being on time. I sighed. That was harsh. Cole didn’t deserve my anger, though he was still plenty irritating. 
After admitting to myself this afternoon that I could make people do what I wanted I decided I should try very hard not to tell people to do anything, just ask them. I was willing to put that on hold for Cole. Picking the pace back up, I turned on Cole. 
“Don’t be such an idiot. I barely have enough supplies for myself, and I’m not even sure where I’m going. Your parents need you. Go back,” I said firmly. 
Cole was only about eight months older than me, but his pampered lifestyle as Thomas Brant’s only son had always made him seem much younger. There was no way I was letting him tag along behind me the whole way. Seeing that he was still following, I came to an abrupt halt. The bike fishtailed and nearly threw me to the ground. Cole slowed as well, driving back a few yards to stop beside me. 
“I’m not going back, Uriah,” he said. The fact that he didn’t just turn around surprised me, and ticked me off. His easy nonchalance irritated me even more than usual. 
“I am not asking you to turn back, Cole, I’m telling you. You are not coming with me.” I moved to start riding again, but Cole quickly steered his bike in front of me. “Stop being a jerk, Cole. I’m not babysitting you so you can get out from under your dad’s eye for a few days.” 
Swinging his leg around, Cole stepped off his bike and sauntered over to me. Why wasn’t he listening? I told him to go home, but he was still arguing with me. Was there some kind of obnoxiousness filter I couldn’t break through with him? Cole planted himself in front of me with a smirk. His casual arrogance electrified my mind. Ready to push him out of my way, I didn’t even realize Cole was moving until a sharp pain slammed into my face. I felt air rushing past me as I fell backward. The bike came with me. Crashing into the rock-strewn ground blasted the air from my lungs. 
I was laid out on the ground, gasping for breath, watching the stars swim in frenzied circles. I tried to pull myself up, ready to launch a fist at my unwanted companion, when I realized the motorcycle had pinned my leg to the ground. Cole waited for me to ask him to help me up. I wasn’t about to give him the satisfaction. Straining against the metal, I heaved it up in one swift push. Cole’s jaw dropped. Watching Cole’s smirk disappear made the pain in my leg inconsequential. Using the bike for support, I started to stand up. 
The glint of black steel under Cole’s light jacket stopped me cold. 
“I’m not leaving,” Cole said fiercely, unaware of what I had seen. 
“Where the hell did you get that?” I said, still shocked by the look of violence etched in his features. 
Cole stopped, confused by my angry question. Following my gaze, he realized what I was staring at. “Did you even bring a weapon?” Cole asked. 
“What are you talking about? Why would I need to bring a gun? I’m just going to find some guy that can help Claire,” I said. Every minute I spent talking was time I wasn’t looking for Claire’s Twin Soul. “I don’t plan on killing anybody along the way, Cole. I don’t need your help. Especially not that kind of help.” 
“If you think you can just wander through the desert alone, with no weapon, you’re a fool,” Cole said. His tone was dark. 
I suddenly wondered why I was listening to him. Cole knew nothing more of the world outside the reservation than I did. Traveling to Santa Fe once or twice a week with his dad hardly qualified him to give me advice on the dangers of travelling alone. With my finger raised, I voiced my demand one more time. 
“Go home, now, Cole.” 
“You’re not the only one who loves her, Uriah.” 
Pure determination was etched in his face. His sister was in trouble, and he was going to help. Maybe his obnoxiousness wasn’t what was keeping him from listening to me. Cole’s hands swung down fluidly, out and away from his body, turned up in a peaceful gesture. 
The immature, flighty Cole I thought I knew had disappeared, replaced by this determined rescuer, casually carrying a gun and speaking of the dangers of the road. I had wondered whether this was about Claire as much as a chance to get away. There wasn’t any doubt anymore. Suddenly, Cole’s talk of danger reminded me of another’s warning. It had only been a few minutes earlier that Quaile stood before me, warning me of wars and beasts. I hadn’t even considered needing a weapon before rushing away. What else had Cole planned for that I hadn’t? 
“Fine,” I said, my anger dissipated somewhat. 
Calmly nodding his thanks, Cole sauntered over to my bike and held a hand out to me. I took it and pulled myself back up. Having Cole along with me still didn’t make me very happy, but I had to respect his desire to come. Spending too much time with Cole made my head want to explode. He could talk for hours about cell phones and cars, neither of which I had or cared about. Back on the bike, I wanted to get going before anything else tried to delay me. 
 A quick pull on my arm had me turning back toward Cole. Pointing to my helmet, Cole said, “Keep the headset on.” 
I wanted to throw the helmet into a pit of rattlesnakes if it meant I wouldn’t have to listen to Cole the whole trip, but I knew my mom would be furious if she knew I was riding without one. I took a moment to adjust the helmet so it would ride more snugly on my head. The chirp of Cole’s voice in my ear renewed my desire to punch him in the face. I didn’t even hear what he said. Wanting to floor it, but knowing how foolish that would be, I eased the bike back onto the road. Looking over at Cole, I asked, “Do your parents even know you left?” 
His serious demeanor cracked, the corners of his mouth turning up. “They’ll never even notice I’m gone.” 
I shook my head wearily. That was the Cole I knew. Of course his parents would notice when he didn’t come back. Most likely, Thomas would blame me for Cole’s brash decision and set the police on me the second I stepped back in San Juan. Sarah would be furious. 
“Your mom is going to kill you when we get back,” I said. 
I couldn’t see his face, but the sharp cough I heard through the headset told me he was not excited about the prospect of facing his mother. She could be just as fierce and stubborn as her husband when it came to protecting her children. 
“She’ll understand,” Cole said after clearing his voice again. 
“Well, I guess she has some other stuff to deal with right now, anyway.” 
I clenched the handlebars as I thought about Thomas. I was confident Sarah would dole out a deserving punishment, and if the Elders got into it as well, Thomas would be paying penance for the rest of his life. Quaile had little patience for fools who risked going to the shaxoa for help. Even speaking Zarafen’s name in Quaile’s presence brought a sharp slap more often than not. 
“Like I said, I doubt my mom will even realize I’m gone,” Cole said again. 
I didn’t argue with him a second time. If I were sitting next to Claire when her life was in danger, I doubted I would notice much of anything else either. 
I wondered if there was any hope in my mission. The only clue I had was that at some point in her life Claire would have met her Twin Soul in Tucson. Surely Quaile knew more than she had been willing to tell me. Again, I wondered what she had been about to say when Cole had driven up, and grimaced at the thought. I had so many unanswered questions screaming for answers right now. I could hardly stand being inside my own mind. 
Cole would undoubtedly prove to be a hindrance but, for the time being, I seemed unable to get rid of him. Pulling ahead of Cole just enough to get him out of my sightline, I turned my attention to the surrounding desert, needing something to distract me. For some, the high desert was nothing more than sand and scrub brush, but I had always enjoyed the simple lines of the scenery. The sandstone bluffs, backlit by the setting sun were a monument to the power of wind and time. 
The massive structures had been etched by the elements, wind scouring the sides of the towers, time eroding the steep cliffs into graceful slopes. Smaller sandstone monuments dotted the landscape, each unique, creating a stage of posing dancers on the desert floor. The landscape reminded me of Claire, dancing onstage in a swirl of beauty and grace. 
Although the desert looked barren to unfamiliar eyes, I watched the small, twisted piñon and juniper trees clustered in small groups, wondering what animals were taking shelter in their branches. I knew that while some animals were crawling into the holes and cracks of the desert, others were just beginning to wake up. Coyotes, grey wolves, spotted owls, bats, and others were about to begin their nightly hunts. The far off howl of a coyote made me shiver. I hoped they really were far away and would stay that way for the night. 
The long line of asphalt stretched on, winding its way through the quiet desert night. A few hours later, my head started to dip, sending my bike into lazy arcs. I couldn’t keep going for much longer. Tucson was eight hours from San Juan, and that would most likely only be the beginning. Up well before dawn, everything that had happened that day started to take its toll. Fatigue seeped through the adrenaline-fueled wave I had been riding since seeing my mom attacked. Cole rode smoothly, alert and ready for any kind of danger. 
“Keep your eyes out for somewhere to stop for the night,” I said. 
Cole nodded, happy to have his presence acknowledged. His head swiveled from side to side, scanning the open landscape. At least he’s eager. I would be more than happy to let him take the first watch tonight. I had no fear of roaming bandits like Cole, but there were plenty of coyotes and other predators in the desert, hungry for what little food I had with me. 
Thoughts of sleeping, even if it was on the ground, sapped my remaining strength. Guilt swept over me as I thought of Claire lying on a bed, her life slipping away. How could I worry about getting enough sleep when I held her only chance at survival in my hands? Hoping Cole would find a campsite soon, I struggled to keep my eyes open. 
 
 
 
Chapter 22
Falling Rocks
 
 
“Uriah.” 
I heard the words a few hours later, somewhere in the distance, but couldn’t force myself to respond. 
“Uriah,” Cole said, his voice practically yelling in my ear. 
A wobble in my steering snapped my eyes open. I had almost fallen asleep. I may have actually been asleep, though I’m not sure how I’d kept the bike upright if I was. Not wanting to think about what would happen if I fell asleep, I answered him. “What, Cole?” 
“I think I know of a place to stop for the night,” Cole said. “It’s just ahead on the right.” 
“What? Oh, great. Lead the way,” I mumbled. 
Slowing quickly, Cole turned onto an unmarked dirt road. Finally, fully awake again, I saw the low line of sandstone bluffs against the dark, starlit horizon. We drove right up to the base before rolling to a stop where the bluff pulled back enough to create a half-formed cave guarded by desert trees on two sides. 
“Me and some of my friends have camped out here before. I wasn’t sure I could find it in the dark, but here it is,” Cole said proudly. 
Bottles and other bits of litter were scattered around the area. Apparently, Cole and his friends weren’t the only ones who came out here. At least it was deserted tonight. 
“Yeah, that’s great, Cole. Thanks.” Pulling myself down from my bike, I heard the quiet trickle of falling rocks. “Did you hear that?” 
“Hear what?” Cole asked. He watched me, probably wondering if I was actually awake. 
“Nothing,” I said. “It was just the wind or something.” 
I reached for the pack strapped to the back of my bike and realized it was way too small to hold any kind of blanket. I was so unprepared for this trip it was astounding. Maybe Cole brought an extra blanket. 
“Uriah!” Cole screamed. 
Turning toward his panicked voice, I saw it. The sleek tawny fur shimmered in the moonlight. My gut clenched and threatened to twist me in two at the sight of another mountain lion. The sickening feelings from earlier that day returned in full. Trying to control my panic, I held perfectly still. The other mountain lion backing down from me was just a weird fluke. There was no way I would get that lucky twice in one day. In reality, the way this day was going, it was a sure bet luck would not be on my side. 
Ready to run for my life, I watched the animal for any sign of attack. The mountain lion stood calmly, watching our movements. Amazed it hadn’t yet attacked, I risked a glance at Cole. In one swift motion, he tossed a gun to me, raising his own in his other hand. Caught off guard, I was forced to take a step toward the animal to reach the weapon. My heart nearly stopped. The mountain lion tensed, but didn’t run away or attack.   
“What is it doing?” Cole asked. 
“I don’t know. I’ve never heard of a cougar behaving like this.” 
Saying that felt like déjà vu would have been an understatement. Despite its size, the cat looked at me, as curious as a kitten. Watching every move we made, it seemed relatively unafraid. I knew I should have been running in terror, but a strange compulsion to approach the animal overpowered my better judgment. Hesitantly, I took a step toward it. 
“Uriah, stop,” Cole hissed. His gun ready, he took a step to the side. 
The cougar didn’t seem interested in what Cole was doing, only in me. I wanted to puke, but I took another step. The cougar stepped forward as well. Cole sucked in a lungful of air. He was ready to spring. Holding a hand up to him, I warned him to wait. I needed to keep going. I had no idea what I was doing but, somehow, I felt certain the animal wouldn’t attack. I could almost sense its thoughts. It waited for me to move closer. 
Mirroring my movements, the mountain lion moved only after I took a step myself. In a matter of seconds, I stood within inches of the great beast’s muzzle. Cole watched in horror as the mountain lion’s head bobbed up and down, nuzzling my fingertips. My hands seemed to move without my permission, reaching up to scratch the cat’s ears as if it was an old family pet. My mind was begging me to run, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it. I held my stance, amazed and terrified. A deep thrumming came from the animal. 
“What are you doing to it?” Cole whispered. “It’s purring!”
“Nothing,” I said. I was completely bewildered by the animal’s reactions. “I have no idea what’s happening.” 
“Why doesn’t it attack us?” 
I shrugged. I had no answer for that either. Wondering what made this mountain lion and the one that had attacked my mom behaved so strangely, yet so differently, I watched it carefully. The cougar moved freely now, curling itself around me, purring with contentment. I couldn’t help but move away, scared by its contact. The animal was undaunted, though, stepping forward again and nuzzling my hand until I reached up to rub the top of its head once more. 
“What do we do now?” Cole asked in a childish whine. 
I was about to speak when a picture began to form in my mind unexpectedly. Two forms wrapped in blankets slept beneath a scrubby piñon tree. I realized the tree was in the same area I was standing in at that moment. The picture sharpened. Cole and I were the sleeping forms. The mountain lion sat nearby, guarding us. Guarding us from what, I couldn’t tell, but there was something the animal feared would harm us. The instant my weary mind understood the messages, they vanished. The mountain lion licked my hand, bringing me back to reality. 
I jumped away from the animal immediately. Where had the image come from? I stared back at it. Its head bobbed slightly. Was it nodding at me? It couldn’t possibly have come from the mountain lion, could it have? How was it able to reach into my thoughts? The connection shocked me, but somehow the communication felt very natural to me, as if I should have always been able to do it. “I think it’s is offering to guard us while we sleep,” I said shakily. 
“Are you insane? I’m not sleeping with that thing nearby. We have to leave right now, Uriah.” Cole took a slow step backward, his gun still held firmly in front of him. 
As if understanding Cole’s discomfort, the mountain lion turned and walked to the edge of the rocky indention. Casually, the mountain lion faced the bluffs and sat on its haunches. As I watched it sit so calmly, my fear disappeared on the warm desert breeze. Every part of my soul told me to trust it, told me it would protect me. Then there was that underlying fear that came from the animal. There was something out there in the dark that it feared. Trusting it made little sense, but I knew we might not make it through the night if I didn’t. 
“I don’t think its leaving, Cole, and neither are we,” I said with authority. I didn’t think I would ever be able to explain the trust I was putting in the animal, but I was convinced I was right to do so. 
Sputtering out useless objections, Cole made no move to get ready to sleep. “Uriah, that thing is a wild animal! We can’t just lie down and go to sleep while it’s sitting there waiting to eat us.” 
“If it was going to hurt us, it would have done it by now, don’t you think?” I countered. 
Cole paused for half a second before saying, “It’s a wild animal. Think of your mom for crying out loud!” 
My face soured immediately. Memories of the blood seeping out of her leg ran through my mind. I had already relived them too many times to count that day, wishing I had gotten there sooner. 
“I know what happened to my mom, Cole. I’m not an idiot. But I’m telling you that this mountain lion is not going to hurt us.” I paused, knowing that I did, indeed, sound like an idiot. “I can’t explain it, Cole, but I know it won’t hurt us. Just try to get some sleep, okay?” 
Cole stared at me, most likely regretting his decision to follow me. If he wasn’t here in the morning, I would certainly understand. The calm feeling the animal seemed to emit was apparently not quite reaching Cole. It sat placidly, taking in our exchange. I wasn’t sure, but he seemed to be listening. 
Watching the cat carefully, I slowly walked back to my dust-covered bike. Still unable to explain the calmness I felt at the mountain lion’s presence, I had no other option than to simply take it a face value. Feelings of loyalty and friendship emanated from the animal. Whatever the source of these strange emotions, I was willing to take whatever help I could get at this point. Making friends with a mountain lion seemed relatively minor when it came to saving Claire’s life. There was no going back. Quaile was at least right about that. 
“Cole,” I said, interrupting his continuing tirade, “do you have an extra blanket?” He stared at me as if I had suddenly become the mountain lion myself. “No? Fine, I’ll just use my extra shirt.”
 Removing the spare clothing quickly, I folded the thin t-shirt and walked to the lopsided tree I had seen in the mountain lion’s vision. My earlier exhaustion rolled over me once again, stronger than before. Something about what had just happened seemed very familiar to me, but I had no more patience for Cole or the mountain lion. Lying down at the tree’s base, I fell asleep within minutes, my subconscious trying to help me find answers to at least some of the questions I had. 
 
***
 
 At fourteen years old, the rifle felt heavy in my hands. My dad was only a few feet away, squatting by the tree next to me. Neither of us spoke. We just waited. My breath moving in and out of my body was the only indicator of time I had. The minutes of my first hunting trip passed slowly. Silently, I wished for a deer to wander into the valley. 
The rustle of something moving through the dry leaves covering the ground caught my ear. I motioned to my dad that I had heard something. He looked at me questioningly. He must not have heard it. Insisting that I had heard a noise, I pointed at where it had come from. We both looked over at the spot to see the soft brown nose of a buck pushing through the brush. My dad blinked in surprise. 
Emerging into the sunlight, the buck lowered its head and began chewing on the tough grass at its feet. A subtle motion from my dad caught my attention. When I glanced over at him, he motioned for me to get my gun ready and take the shot. My gun came up as I refocused on the deer. With the crosshairs directly over the kill spot, I stared at the creature. It was beautiful. I wondered what it would feel like to run my hands over its silky coat. 
No longer interested in its meal, the buck lifted its head and looked straight at me. My dad whispered for me to take the shot quickly, but I couldn’t, not while it was staring at me. The fear the buck should have had for me seemed to have disappeared as it started walking toward me. 
My rifle was still aiming right at it. All I had to do was pull the trigger. Walking across the field, the buck came within twenty feet of the tree I was next to and stood watching me. I felt like it was waiting, but I didn’t know what it was waiting for. 
The buck walked a little closer. Its bright round eyes regarded me without fear. My finger was tight against the trigger, but I couldn’t bring myself to pull it back completely. I wanted to. I wanted to show my dad that I was old enough to be here with him. I had been so excited to come. The buck should have already run away. I knew it saw me. Why was it staring at me like that? 
“I can’t do it, Dad.” 
I couldn’t stand it looking at me anymore. Dipping its head slightly, the buck turned away and started walking back into the trees. My shoulders slumped and the gun rested on my knee without ever taking a shot. Feeling my dad’s hand on my shoulder, I dropped my head. I had wanted to impress him so badly. When I finally looked up, I expected to see disappointment in his eyes. Instead, I saw understanding and pride. I didn’t really understand what he had to be proud of since I couldn’t take the shot, but I knew that look so well I was sure of what I saw. 
“I’m sorry, Dad. I just couldn’t shoot it while it was looking at me like that,” I said. 
“It’s all right, Uriah. Your mom will probably have dinner ready soon, anyway. We should head back,” Dad said. 
Mom wasn’t expecting us back for a few more hours. The hunting trip was over, though. Spending the day with my dad had been great, but I had mixed feelings about what had just happened. “Would you have shot it?” I asked my dad. 
He shrugged. “I don’t know, son.” 
“Should I have shot it?” 
“No. I don’t think you should have.” 
He said it with such certainty, as if he thought there was a reason behind what had just happened. I was just relieved he thought I had made the right decision. 
 
 
 
Chapter 23
Without Warning
 
 
I remembered the tea. The sweet aroma wasn’t my mom’s usual flavor, but I was so excited about Uriah getting my dad to let us get married that I hadn’t thought about the change before touching the china cup to my lips. The warm fluid filled my mouth and the strange sensation raced through me before I could react. 
I couldn’t understand what was happening at first. I saw my hand drop the cup, but I didn’t remember letting go. I tried to pick it back up, knowing my mom would be upset if I broke her heirloom china, but my body wouldn’t respond. Uriah’s face crowded close to mine. I tried to speak to him. He looked so worried. When my eyes began to close, panic set in. Uriah’s face faded and I screamed, but no one could hear me. 
I felt my body being lifted from the couch, but my other senses had been dulled too much to understand what was happening. Muffled voices swam in my ears and I strained to make out the meaning in them. The vibration of a car motor startled me. Where was I being taken? Thoughts of Romeo and Juliet flooded into my mind. Panicking, I wondered if people could still be mistaken for dead. Surely not, I’d told myself. There was too much technology available for that to happen. San Juan Pueblo was hardly a technology savvy town, though. 
Uriah’s hands on my skin calmed me immediately. I had felt Uriah’s soft touch so many times, I knew it right away. If I was in Uriah’s care, I knew I would be safe. There was no one in this world I trusted more than him. 
The car rolled to a stop, banishing the gentle vibration. Uriah released my hand, bringing the panic back. It lasted only a few seconds before he gathered my limp body in his arms once more. Holding me close to his chest, I felt his heartbeat. Quick, but steady. His chest rose and fell rapidly as he ran. The soothing calm I usually felt when I was in his arms had disappeared. He was scared. Normally so calm and levelheaded, I was shocked to realize Uriah was frightened for me. Realizing he was afraid, too, made it even more difficult for me to stay calm. 
Abruptly, the atmosphere changed. Warm air wrapped around me. I recognized the same feeling from earlier that day. Remembering Uriah’s mother sitting close to the fire on the couch, I knew where I was. It felt good to be in Uriah’s home. I often felt more at home with his family than I did with mine. I could feel the commotion that erupted at our presence. I was moved several times and I felt Uriah leave me more than once, but he always returned. He would always come back for me. 
The minutes passed slowly. My frustration mounted as I tried to listen to the voices, desperate to know what was happening to me. Muffled sound was the only thing I could hear. I begged my eyes to open, my fingers to move, but nothing. I was trapped in my body while the people who loved me planned my rescue. I was praying fervently that there would be a rescue. 
Uriah’s gentle hands caressed my face. His fingers stroked my jawline, from my ear down to my chin, just as they had done so many times before. The way his fingers trembled as he touched my skin tore at me. I didn’t want him to let go. Every time I felt him leave, my composure slipped a little more. Uriah’s hand hesitated, my heart raced. I begged him silently not to leave me. I felt his lips touch mine and my own mouth strained to react, to move with his, but I couldn’t. 
Uriah pulled away quickly. Moaning in agony, I tried to reach for him. I strained against my strange prison uselessly. His presence left me and I cried, though no tears actually fell down my cheeks. I didn’t understand why he was leaving me. Sophia should have already been at his house. Where else would he be going? I tried to picture his face, to stave off the heartache I always felt when we were apart, but another face came without warning. 
The light blue eyes were nothing like Uriah’s. Uriah’s eyes were a deep rich brown, so expressive that I always knew exactly what he was feeling. The stylishly cut, blonde hair of the intruding face was such a stark contrast to Uriah’s black locks. Uriah had desperately needed a haircut for several months, but with the extra load of working his family’s ranch by himself, I hadn’t pressed the issue. The look was even starting to grow on me. I wanted so badly to run my hands through his hair in that moment. 
I wanted to see Uriah’s face again, not this other, so achingly familiar face. Uriah’s face was serious, but kind. Always concerned for those around him, I constantly had to remind Uriah to take a few minutes to relax and worry about what he needed, like sleep and rest. That had been even truer ever since his father died. I wasn’t even sure how he kept going with everything he had on his plate. 
The familiar face that filled my mind was young, filled with laughter and jokes. I used to love seeing his carefree smile, but now it threatened to break me. It didn’t belong in my mind. There was only one face I wanted to see. Banishing the image of this boy, my thoughts turned back to Uriah. Thinking of my love for him was the only thing keeping me from full-fledged panic. 
Desperate to keep my thoughts centered on Uriah, I thought of all the wonderful afternoons we had spent together. Thinking of us watching movies together or riding through the desert weren’t enough to keep the stranger’s face from slipping back into my mind. The smiling blue eyes were so insistent, they were starting to scare me. I needed something deeper. I needed the feel of Uriah’s lips against mine. His touch was the only thing that could keep me safe. 
 
 
 
Chapter 24
Shifting Darkness
 
 
Rolling onto my back, I winced as a sharp pain ran down my spine. I had dreamed of my dad, again. Dreaming of him always left me wishing I hadn’t woken up so quickly. Even after strange ones like that. Shoving my face into my pillow to clear my head, I couldn’t figure out why my bed smelled like dirt and hickory. The hot sun on my body brought it all back in an instant. Claire. I bolted upright, greeted by a few more cracks and aches. The sound of cars travelling down the highway reached my ears while Cole snored lazily a few feet away. We needed to leave. We couldn’t be wasting time while Claire was dying. 
Jumping to my feet, I stopped when the mountain lion walked back into our camp. I stood petrified, but just as quickly as the terror struck, it faded. The great cat loped over to me, nuzzling my hand, and licking my fingertips. The calmness that invaded my senses was a mystery to me, but I couldn’t deny the kinship I felt with the animal. Almost like what I had felt toward the deer on my first hunt. Maybe this thing with the mountain lion wasn’t as unfamiliar as I thought it was. 
I had always been able to calm any animal, but I just thought it was my soft touch and calm voice that made them so easy to work with. In the field with my dad, I thought about touching the deer and it walked over to me. When I thought about not wanting it to stare at me anymore, it left. When I was with my sheep and horses, I thought about them behaving. 
My dad had accepted the incident with the deer as if nothing strange had happened. Why would he be comfortable thinking that an animal I was hunting would have no fear of me? He had also spent years watching unruly animals no one else could handle turn tame around me as well. I didn’t understand how he was able to handle it so casually. Did this have something to do with what he had been trying to tell me in his letter? Had I always been communicating with these animals, and the mountain lion was just the first one to ever talk back? 
As if to prove me right, another vivid picture began forming in my mind. 
The road stretched before Cole and me as we continued our journey. Sharp eyes watched us from the desert, wolves, coyotes, and other native animals. The line continued unbroken as we rode toward Tucson. A strange gratitude filled me. I didn’t understand the desire these creatures had to watch over me, but I definitely appreciated it. Without warning, the picture widened, going deeper into the desert hills. 
Stalking us was another figure. Somehow, it kept pace with us as we travelled, its form shifting continuously as it ran. The mountain lion had hinted at some danger the night before, but I’d gotten the sense that even he didn’t know what it was. The warning seemed more definite than before. Answering my thoughts, the little alcove where we sat came back into my view with the shifting darkness hovering in the distance, watching as I slept. A shiver ran through me at the thought of something that felt so evil watching me all night. What did it want? 
Another question formed in my mind as I wondered exactly what kind of creature it was. The mountain lion was able to hear my thoughts again, and suddenly the picture closed in on the blurred figure. Still my question lingered. The creature swirled, human in some ways, but animal in many others. It looked as if the creature itself couldn’t decide what it wanted to be. 
The mountain lion’s invading thoughts gave me the impression that he didn’t understand the nature of the stalking creature yet, but an overwhelming sense of fear seeped into me. The creature would not be a friend as the mountain lion was. I nodded with understanding, though the great cat had already sensed my comprehension and withdrawn the vision. The mountain lion licked my fingers and rubbed his tawny head against my legs before loping away. 
I glanced behind me, and was relieved to find Cole still wrapped in his dreams. He would feel better if the cat wasn’t around when he woke. Another warning in hand, I kicked Cole gently. We needed to get back on the road. There was no time to sleep in. Cole snapped up instantly, scanning the ground around him. 
“The mountain lion’s gone,” I said. 
Cole’s slender shoulders relaxed. “Thank goodness. That thing freaked me out. I still can’t believe it didn’t eat us.” 
I didn’t feel the need to mention the fact that other desert animals would be keeping tabs on us during our journey. “Just hurry up and get ready to go.” 
“I’m starving,” Cole mumbled. “Do you have anything to eat?” 
“You brought a gun, no two guns, but you didn’t think to bring any food?” Why had I thought Cole would be better prepared than I was? Cole had never wanted for anything. Why would he expect it to be any different now? Reaching into my pack I pulled out a couple of granola bars and tossed them to him. I took out several more for myself. 
“My dad mentioned the guns, not food. I had no idea what was going on at the time.” 
“Your dad told you to bring the guns?” I asked. Why on earth would he suggest that? 
Cole shrugged. “That’s what he said. Besides, it’s not like we’re riding through the Sahara, Uriah. There are these things called convenience stores. And with this,” he said holding his wallet out, “why would I need to bring food with me? It’s only another four hours to Tucson.” 
I eyed Cole’s wallet. My own sat comfortably in my back pocket, but while I imagined Cole’s held plenty of cash and most likely a credit card or two, mine held a grand total of forty-seven dollars. He was better prepared for this than I was. I didn’t exactly get paid for working on my own ranch. Even when the sheep were sheared and the alfalfa harvested, most of the money went back to my mom to keep things running smoothly, which was a task in itself. 
Worries about how I would support Claire tried to force their way into my mind. It was nothing new, unfortunately. Growing up with her father bringing home motorcycles on a whim and never having to go without, she used to spend more on clothes in one weekend than I did in a whole year. Her spending habits had changed drastically since we started dating. 
She’d replaced designer outfits with regular blue jeans and t-shirts because they made more sense for working on a ranch. Still, I knew my world was going to be a shock to her. None of that was important right then. I had to save Claire’s life first. Gathering my small collection of belongings, I stuffed them back into my pack. 
“Well, let’s hit the road, I guess,” Cole said, his comic swagger carrying him to the waiting motorcycles. He paused next to my bike and smirked. “You might want to get that fixed before my dad sees it.” 
Cole pointed to a thick band of scratches across the side of the bike. It must have happened the night before when the bike fell on top of me. 
“That was your fault,” I reminded him. 
The vengeful urge I had felt earlier toward Thomas’s truck returned. It wouldn’t be hard for something unfortunate to happen to the motorcycle. I wouldn’t deny that he deserved it, and much worse, but it would be a shame to see such a sweet machine destroyed. He did deserve it, though. 
Smirking to myself, I doubted I would be able to carry through with the idea anyway, but I would certainly enjoy the thought for a while. Visions of the bike flying off the bluffs and exploding into a ball of fire, with Thomas wailing at the loss, brought a smile to my face. 
“Besides,” I said causally to Cole, “who says he’ll be getting it back at all.” 
Already on his bike, Cole watched me curiously. Disbelief marked his face, but the hint of a smile was there as well. Pissing Thomas off was something he and Claire had both spent a lot of time doing. Turning away from him, I settled into the thick seat and let the engine roar loudly. 
Cole tapped the side of his helmet, reminding me to turn on the headset. I really didn’t want to listen to his chatter for the next four hours, but it was a necessary annoyance. Flipping on the microphone, I kicked the stand out and peeled away. The rutted dirt road led straight back to the highway. The smoothness of the blacktop was a relief to my sore body. I had only driven a few feet on the asphalt before Cole’s voice crackled over the speaker. 
“Uriah,” he said, “so, what exactly happened last night?” 
Anger streaked through my veins. “I already told you what happened,” I said. 
My jaw settled into a tight scowl. I had been extremely grateful for Cole’s silence the night before, but I knew there was a limit to his patience. Discussing what had happened was still hard to take, but I had the feeling Cole wouldn’t be put off much longer. 
“No, I mean, why did he do it? Why would my dad hurt Claire?” His voice was soft. Sometimes I forgot Cole was actually related to Claire. He was worried about her, too. 
“Claire and I went to the Elders yesterday, for permission to get married next summer.” 
“Yeah, I knew you guys were supposed to go. With your mom getting attacked, I didn’t think you guys actually went, though,” Cole said. 
“We did go. They told us no.” 
“What?” 
“Quaile said we weren’t Twin Souls. She said one day we would meet our true Twin Souls and abandon each other.” 
I still couldn’t believe her words, but it was mainly my anger keeping the truth at bay. I knew eventually my rage would begin to fade and I would have no choice but to face a reality I once thought to be fairytale. 
“Yeah right,” Cole scoffed. “You two are disgusting. I doubt that anything could break up your love fest.” 
A crooked smile sprang to my lips. I couldn’t agree with the disgusting part, but everything else was absolutely true. It had to be. 
“Well, anyway, your dad threatened to call the police if Claire and I tried to run off to get married in Santa Fe. Like that was really a possibility anyway. Claire’s still only seventeen.” 
“I can imagine Claire had a few words for Dad after a threat like that,” Cole said, knowing his sister all too well. He had been on the receiving end of her intensity more times than either of us could remember. 
“She was ready to tear him apart,” I said. “As soon as we got back to your house, it got pretty heated.” 
“I bet,” was Cole’s only response. “But what happened? With everything else you’ve been able to talk my dad into, I really would have thought you’d be able to win him over again.” 
“I did,” I said, “but your dad was prepared. Maybe after we left the Elders, he knew he would give in eventually. When we went to talk to my mom after seeing the Elders, apparently your dad had an appointment of his own.” 
The witch’s name brought bile to my throat. I couldn’t even bring myself to say it. I still couldn’t believe Thomas had stooped so low. 
“Where did he go?” Cole’s rough voice made it clear that he had a pretty good idea about what the answer would be. 
“Shaxoa Zarafen.” 
Cole’s breath hissed through his teeth. His hands tightened on the handle bars of his bike. Cole was one of the few people in the pueblo who could stand being around Thomas for more than a few minutes, and that was probably only because he knew he was expected to take over his father’s businesses one day. 
“What did it do?” Cole asked, finally able to speak again. 
“The witch told your dad that the tea would make Claire forget about me and make her only want her Twin Soul, which it did, in a way. What she didn’t tell him it would do was put Claire into some kind of coma that only her Twin Soul can wake her from by giving her the antidote,” I explained. It felt way too real saying the words out loud. 
“Well, that doesn’t sound so bad,” Cole said. 
He was such an idiot. I took a deep breath as I clenched my fists around the bike handles, trying to keep myself from reaching out and strangling him. “Cole, if her Twin Soul doesn’t give her the antidote in time, she’ll die,” I said, wanting to punch his pretty face. 
“What?” His head swung toward me, the quick motion tilting his bike to the side for a split second. Cole snapped his attention back to the road, but his mind was not on the asphalt. “That’s who were looking for, isn’t it?” 
Finally, he was starting to catch on. “Yeah.” 
I couldn’t believe this was who I had ended up with. The mountain lion was a more welcome companion than Cole. I was even debating trading him for the shifting shadow. Maybe I could just give him to the shadow thing and get rid of both of them. I wasn’t usually so sadistic, but it seemed to be the only way to keep even darker thoughts at bay right now. 
“Do you think it’s really like the stories?” Cole asked. “Do you think she’ll actually fall in love with him as soon as she sees him?” 
“That’s exactly what I’m trying not to think about, Cole.” 
The day before, I would have told anyone what a load of bull Twin Souls, potions, and myths were. I was beginning to wonder how many of the other stories were true as well. Thinking of all the questions I had that couldn’t be answered by the stories, I wondered how much of the truth was hidden completely. The shadowy creature following us didn’t belong to any story I had ever heard. 
“We’ve grown up hearing the stories, Uriah, both of us. I know some of them by heart, but I never actually believed any of them,” Cole said. He was quiet for a few seconds before continuing his thought. “I’ve never heard a story about Twin Souls where they didn’t end up falling in love and basically living happily ever after.” 
“Yeah, but lots of stories people tell to kids get happy endings regardless of what really happened,” I argued. “Hercules wasn’t really the perfect hero from the movie. He was driven mad and killed all his kids at one point before he straightened himself out. Do you remember the movie The Little Mermaid?” 
“You actually watched that?” Cole asked. “Are you a five-year-old girl?” 
“Oh, shut up. That movie came out before I was even born and I watched it with my cousin Rachel,” I said, “but that’s not the point. At the end of the movie, the mermaid gets away from that octopus lady and marries the prince. In the original story she has to kill the prince to stay human, but she can’t, so she goes back to the sea and dies.” 
“What does that have to do with anything?” Cole asked. “Either way, it’s just a fairytale. Neither version is real.” 
“I know they’re just fairy tales, but that’s what I thought about Twin Souls before yesterday. I’m just saying that maybe all the stories of Twin Souls aren’t really true to what actually happened. Maybe they didn’t all end with them falling in love. Maybe there’s still a chance Claire won’t fall in love with her Twin Soul,” I said. 
“I don’t know, Uriah. You might be right, but you might not,” Cole said. “You may want to think about that.” 
“I don’t want to think about it, Cole.” I couldn’t think about it. If I thought about actually losing Claire, I might not think about anything else. Facing the possibility that I could lose Claire forever froze me. 
“I know you don’t,” Cole said. 
After that, he was quiet. Most likely, he still had more questions like I did, but what I had already told him would take some time to comprehend. I was glad for the break in the conversation. I pushed all my thoughts away and looked out at the desert. 
The four-lane highway wound through sand, the scenery changing little except for the piñon and juniper trees that slowly giving way to the solitary saguaro cactus. I watched the sandy wilderness for signs of the animals my mountain lion friend had promised would be watching over us. The landscape was so flat and open, spying a few animals should have been easy. I only caught brief glimpses of movement, though. Once I thought I saw a large, dark shape out of the corner of my eye, racing from cactus to cactus. When I shifted, hoping for a better look, it was gone. 
A tingling sense of being watched persisted even after I gave up trying to see the culprit. A few small birds and skittish rabbits were the only signs of life I saw after that. The four hours drug on slowly, and mostly in silence. Cole knew what his father was like but, like me, he must have been shocked at what he had done to his own child. I left him to his thoughts, grateful for the chance to think in peace. 
  As the rolling Santa Catalina Mountains began to rise in the distance, sweat that had nothing to do with the heat broke out all over my body. Tucson. This was where my Claire would have been stolen away from me one day. I came to this place willingly, seeking the man that would destroy my future. For the millionth time, I wondered whether I could really go through with this. Every time I faltered, remembering Claire’s body collapsing onto the couch renewed my determination. Any amount of pain would be worth saving her life. 
 
 
 
Chapter 25
A Place to Start
 
 
The low profile of the Tucson skyline grew quickly. The traffic picked up considerably as we neared the city. Moving up beside Cole, I watched the other drivers anxiously. The swerving and honking were a new experience for me, one I did not particularly enjoy. Cars of every make and model swarmed around me, some passing within a few feet of my bike. My hands gripped the handle bars more tightly with each passing vehicle. For all Cole’s supposed knowledge of the world outside San Juan Pueblo, his face was tight and his knuckles were pale. 
I spotted a tall sign belonging to a gas station, and said, “Let’s get off the road.” Squeezing between two sedans, we barely made it into the turning lane before it ended. The large metal awning provided a welcome break from the sun’s searing rays. Cole rolled up to a gas pump and swung stiffly off the bike. Sidling up next to him, I took my helmet off and waited for him to finish. 
“So, what’s the plan, exactly, Uriah?” Cole asked. 
I had been dreading that question. So far, the only plan I had come up with involved using the strand of hair Quaile had given me, and that was one thing I never wanted to touch again. But even with that plan, I still had to find Claire’s Twin Soul first, and I had no idea how to do that yet. 
“Uriah? Are we going to wander around aimlessly, asking guys if they’re Claire’s Twin Soul, or what? Somehow, I don’t think that will work out very well,” Cole said. 
Ripping the pump handle out of his gas tank, he shoved it at me with an irritated grimace. I tried to remind myself that he was scared for his sister just like I was. 
“All Quaile could tell me was that the guy’s name is Daniel and, at some point in her life, Claire would meet him here in Tucson,” I said. 
His expression changed from irritation to confusion. 
“Daniel what?” he asked. 
I said nothing. 
“You mean, you don’t even know his last name? How exactly are we supposed to find one guy named Daniel in a city this size? We don’t even know if he’s in Tucson right now.” 
“I know, Cole. Okay? I know it’s not much to go on, but we have to find him, somehow.” 
Silently, I cursed Quaile. She was the one who put this chain of events in motion, her and her visions. When I needed her most, the information dried up, except for a few random details. The cougar had been more helpful. 
“Well they’ve got to be close to the same age, right? Maybe we can start there. There should be records we can look at, birth records and stuff like that,” Cole said to himself. He began pacing next to his bike. 
“Why do they have to be the same age?” I asked.
 Cole stared at me, his eyebrows raised in disbelief. 
“They’re supposed to be Twin Souls, right?” Cole said. 
I nodded. 
“Well, then, they would have been born within a few days of each other.” 
“How do you know that?” He spoke as if this were common knowledge but, if it was, why would anyone have thought Claire and I could have been Twin Souls. I was eight months older than her. 
“I get bored at my dad’s store a lot. He’s got a case full of really old books about the pueblo and Tewa mythology. Sometimes I read them,” he said shuffling one foot back and forth. 
Finally, at least one thing seemed to be going in my favor. Fate had never been given a place in my thoughts before, but I could definitely believe it was no coincidence Cole ended up tagging along with me. “Well, what else did you read about Twin Souls?” 
Happy to know something I didn’t, Cole tried to keep the stupid grin off his face as he continued, sounding like he was reciting an old book report. “A soul is made up of two parts, the male half and the female half. In the spirit world the two halves reside together, completing each other, but human bodies can’t contain the true soul. Before birth, the two halves of the soul separate so they can gain a body. It doesn’t matter which half of the soul leaves first, the other can’t stand to stay behind for very long. Their human forms are born very close together, sometimes within minutes of each other. 
“Twin Souls long for their other half, but very few find each other again. Twin Souls only need to come within a few feet of each other to recognize their missing half. Once the connection is made, it’s impossible to break it,” Cole said. Watching my reaction to his last statement carefully, he continued. “We may save her, but she’ll never love you again, Uriah.” 
“I know that’s a possibility,” I said, “but I’m not giving up hope, yet.” 
“You may have to give her up. Can you do that?” 
“I’ll do whatever it takes to save Claire’s life, regardless of what might happen afterward,” I said. 
The look on Cole’s face was grateful, as if he had been wondering whether I would abandon his sister just to avoid giving her to another man. I would have hoped he held a higher opinion of me than that. Although, I had to admit that I’d had the same thoughts about myself several times. 
I believed Quaile and Cole, but I had no intention of letting the connection form. I still had no idea about how to accomplish that, but I was determined to find a way. “What were you saying about records before?” 
“Oh, yeah. Well, we should be able to go to the city or state offices and look up the birth records for the hospitals around here. If we can find a guy named Daniel who was born close to when Claire was, it will give us a good place to start at least,” Cole said. 
“If he’s only seventeen and he was born here, there’s a good chance he might still live here,” I said hopefully. 
“I hope so, Uriah, but I doubt Tucson is much like San Juan. People live in San Juan their whole lives. Before the casino, it was a big deal to have a new family move in. Tucson has hundreds of thousands of families that probably move in and out all the time,” he said. “He may not have even been born here. Maybe he was just here on vacation when they met.” 
I frowned at Cole’s pessimism. “We both know it’s a long shot, but right now it’s all we have. If we can’t find anything in the birth records, we’ll just have to come up with another idea. We’ll deal with that when the time comes, okay? Just focus on the birth records for now.” 
Cole nodded in agreement. 
I noticed that the gas had stopped pumping a while ago and handed the pump handle back to Cole. I hadn’t realized that he had already paid for the fuel until he tore the receipt from beneath the pump monitor. “Uh, thanks,” I said gesturing at the pump. 
“No problem,” Cole said with a smirk. “My dad pays the bill on this card. It’s the least he can do. And I mean the least.” 
I couldn’t disagree with that. “So where do we find these records?” 
“I don’t know. There’s a phone book over there. It should list the government offices.” Cole rolled his bike toward the convenience store. Following quickly, I felt the faint stirrings of hope in my heart. 
“Where’s your phone?” I asked. He usually had it glued to his hand. 
“I, uh, accidently ran over ran it over yesterday and I didn’t have time to get new one before all of this happened.”
I shook my head at him. 
Cole picked up the worn and graffiti-covered phone book, flipping through it until he found the blue pages of the government listings. Scanning the pages, he read the office names aloud. Neither of us was sure which office would be in charge of birth certificates, but we ruled out all the city offices and moved onto the county. The list was considerably longer but most of the offices were still in Tucson. 
“Vital Records Office,” Cole said hopefully. 
Vital records. Vital signs. It sounded better than anything else we had seen. “Where is it?” I asked. 
Cole read the address aloud. “It’s here in Tucson.” 
“Do you have any idea where that is,” I asked. 
Cole shook head. This was his first trip to Tucson as well. 
“I’ll go ask the cashier,” he said. “You should call home. If my mom asks about me, do me a favor and tell her you begged me to come with you.” 
“Yeah right,” I said with a smirk. I was not about to lie to Sarah. Cole would have to take care of his own messes. Digging some change out of my jeans pocket, I deposited the coins in the machine. The call was answered on the first ring. 
“Uriah?” my mother asked hopefully. 
“Yeah, Mom, it’s me. How’s Claire?” 
“The same,” she replied. “She hasn’t moved or woken up. Sophia says she’s all right for now, but the longer she has to wait, the more intense the Shaxoa’s potion will become. She’ll start fading more quickly as time goes by.” 
Fading more quickly? Was she fading now? I wanted every detail, but I feared I already knew the answer. Knowing there was no time to waste was hard enough to accept. Hearing the exact details of what the potion was doing to her would only make me want to be by her side even more. 
“Sophia and Quaile are doing everything they can think of for her,” my mom said. Her voice was tired and emotional. She wanted nothing more than to make sure I was happy. I knew she was terrified I would lose Claire, and most likely myself, in the process. I was determined that wouldn’t happen. 
“We’re in Tucson now, me and Cole,” I said. “We’re heading to the Vital Records office to see if we can find out if he was born here, and where he lives now.” We both knew who he was, so there was no reason for me to speak the name. 
“Good luck, Uriah. I’m sure you’ll find something there and be home soon,” she said. 
Her voice echoed my own mixed emotions. The pity was almost unbearable. How much more could she handle. The death of my father almost broke her. The mountain lion attack, and now Claire, was just more than one person should be asked to bear. In all reality, I had handled every tragedy with much less dignity than my mom. I knew that, while my mom would weather whatever trials she faced, I was starting to lose my grip. Without Claire, I might not be able to hold on. 
“How are you doing, Mom?” I asked. Everything with Claire had nearly pushed my concern for her out of my mind. 
“Oh, I’m fine. Don’t you worry about me. Sophia is taking good care of me. You just focus on getting back here as quick as you can.” The sniff that followed her fierce words let slip how much she was hurting. 
“I will. I’ll call you when we learn something new,” I said. 
She whispered a quick “I love you” before saying goodbye and hanging up the phone. I stood for several seconds with the dead phone to my ear. If I moved, my emotions would break loose, and I wasn’t sure I would be able to get them under control again. Slowly, I hung the phone back on the receiver. Focusing on the task ahead, I grasped for control. By the time Cole emerged from the store, I was back to my precarious balance. 
 
 
 
Chapter 26
Compulsion
 
 
“Can I help you?” 
Her sarcastic southern drawl was the perfect complement to her unenthusiastic expression. She couldn’t even be bothered to look me in the eye. Her gaze wandered from her fingernails to the small television mounted in the corner of the room. Cole rolled his eyes. 
“Yes, thank you,” I said politely. 
Her gaze leveled in my direction. She must have mistaken my tone for mockery, and scowled her disapproval. She was hardly qualified to be the manners police. 
“Yeah, so what do you want?” she asked. 
“I need to find a birth certificate for someone. Do you know how I can get that information?” 
The girl’s scowl deepened briefly before mellowing out into semi-polite expression. Her manicured nails flicked a sheet of bright yellow paper off the top of a stack and set it on the counter. “Fill this out, and I’ll need to see two forms of I.D. proving you’re related to the person you’re requesting the birth certificate for, as well as ten dollars. It will take about a month, or more,” she said, “before the request is processed. Then we’ll mail it to your address.” 
The rambling set of instructions had tumbled out so quickly that I was still stuck on the I.D.’s she had mentioned. “Wait, we have to prove we’re related to the person? Why?” 
The receptionist’s look took on a haughty overtone. “The state of Arizona respects the privacy of its citizens. We are a closed records state,” she said. 
“There’s no way we can just look through the records?” Cole asked. “Don’t you guys have everything backed up on a computer somewhere? It would probably take a couple seconds to find what we need.” 
“Yeah, that’s funny kid,” the girl said a little more seriously than before. “I’d get fired for even letting you near the records room. And I really need this job. I can’t help you.” 
As if to emphasize her point, she shrugged an apology and spun her chair away from us. Cole looked at me and motioned to the girl, his eyes indicating I should do something. That he automatically assumed I had been able to convince his dad to let Claire and I get married gave a good idea of what he wanted me to do. I pulled Cole away from the counter before what he was suggesting had a chance to slip out. 
“No way,” I whispered. Letting go of his arm, I continued down the hallway. Cole stood for a moment, wanting to turn back, but not quite brash enough to actually do it. His harried footsteps followed me. 
“Why can’t you just convince her to let us see the records?” he asked. 
I knew I could, and I wanted to. I couldn’t bring myself to walk back over there. “Because she’ll get fired. I don’t want to do that to her unless I absolutely have to. We’ll have to try to find a different way first.” 
“What if we can’t get in? How else are we supposed to find out who this Daniel guy is?” Cole said. Despair was thick in his voice. “I mean, the hospitals would keep records of all the births, but we’d have to search each one individually. That will take weeks, if they’d even let us look through their records. Those are probably protected, too.” 
I realized he was merely talking to himself, working through ideas. We didn’t have the time to search all of Tucson’s hospitals, and Cole was probably right about those records being protected as well. “We’re running out of time,” I said. “Claire won’t live long enough for us to search through that many records.” 
The plain brown sign with white lettering stuck out from the drab, grey wall just a few doors down. Birth Certificates. I wondered how many people worked in the building. The hallway was lined with cramped little offices, the doors shut tightly. The door under the sign was the only one standing ajar. For all the talk of privacy I would have expected the door to be locked. Cole was staring at the door as well. His eyes flitted up and down the hall. 
“Do you suppose anyone is in there?” Cole asked. 
“I don’t know, maybe.” The hallway was empty, but all it would take was one person wandering by to catch us. I was well aware that if we were caught, the police would be called immediately. I couldn’t afford to be arrested. My stomach suddenly growled, giving me an idea. “It’s almost lunch time,” I said, “and I doubt anyone here will be working through lunch.” 
Cole scoffed. “Certainly not Miss High and Mighty at the front desk.” 
“I bet no one will notice us hanging around, and once things quiet down for lunch, we can sneak in. Hopefully the records are organized by date. We should be able to get in and out before anyone notices.” 
Cole nodded eagerly. 
“There’s no need to go breaking the law, boys,” a soothing voice whispered behind us. 
Cole gasped, turning to face the voice with wide eyes and a question on his face. 
A strange compulsion to trust the voice flooded my senses. The feeling felt vaguely familiar. It almost felt like the sensations from the mountain lion, but vastly different as well. The mountain lion had been sharing information, while the new feeling felt very one sided. Despite the enticing quality of his voice, I knew immediately that the man was not a friend. Wary of his intentions, I turned to face him. 
“Excuse me?” I asked, feigning ignorance. 
“Sorry,” the man said, his angelic appearance drawing me to him. “I couldn’t help but overhear you.” 
I was sure there had been no one near us a few seconds earlier. I couldn’t help but glance around. The man mimicked my movement. “I don’t think anyone else heard.” 
“What do you want?” I asked.
 I glanced at Cole, hoping he was ready to run if the need arose. I was startled to see such an adoring expression plastered across his face. He couldn’t take his eyes off the stranger. Cole looked ready and willing to fulfill any request the man might make. My searing glare went completely unnoticed. 
“I want to help you,” the man said. 
Cole nodded appreciatively. I had to restrain myself from knocking some sense into him. 
“My name is Darren Johnson,” the man continued. He extended his hand in friendship, or at least he meant it to be in friendship. I could feel the threat underlying his smile. I stared at his hand. His nails were perfectly manicured, his skin flawless. Cole jumped to shake his hand vigorously while I folded my arms across my chest. 
“Why?” I asked. 
“I know how this office works. I work here,” he said with a laugh. “It takes forever to get even the simplest thing done, and it sounds like you two don’t have forever.” 
“My sister’s in trouble,” Cole blurted out. “We need to find the guy who can help her.” 
I did punch him for that, but only in the arm. “Shut it, Cole.” 
I stalked closer to Darren Johnson. There was something wrong with this man. He was too perfect. Every hair on his head lay in perfect order. Not a single freckle, mole, or wrinkle graced his skin. Even the simple work attire he wore seemed way too good for this office. “Why would you want to help us?” 
“I can assure you, I won’t tell anyone,” he promised. “I heard you say that the young lady didn’t have very much time.” 
Cole nodded, obviously pleased with the man’s offer. I shoved my idiot companion behind me and stood blocking his view of the stranger. I wondered how he could not feel the evil pulse emanating from Darren Johnson, who no more worked for the office of Vital Records than I did. Still, if he could get us the information we needed, it might be worth whatever trouble he was brewing for us. 
“No, we don’t have much time,” I said simply. I would offer no more than that, and if Cole opened his mouth again, I would gag him with my fist. “We just need to find a birth certificate for someone, so we can figure out where to find him.” 
Darren Johnson put his hand on my shoulder casually. His touch burned my skin. Shocked, I pulled away. A streak of irritation flashed across Darren Johnson’s face at my reaction to him. Just as quickly, the pleasant smile returned as if nothing unusual had happened. His pull felt similar, but different from the mountain lion’s. Just as the burning touch I felt with him felt similar to touching Claire, there was also very different about it. When I touched Claire, it almost felt as if she were borrowing a part of me. I knew I would always get it back, though. Touching this man felt destructive, like wildfire searing every sprig of green from the land. If he held on too long, I feared I would smolder into ash and leave Claire to die alone. 
“Follow me,” the man said. 
His voice seemed a little tighter than it had before, but I couldn’t tell if that was just my perception or not. Cole, of course, was still staring at the man like a lovesick puppy. He wouldn’t have noticed if I had suddenly burst into flames and ran screaming through the halls. Panic rose in my throat. What was this man doing to Cole? I had no idea whether I could do anything to help him, either. 
Darren Johnson put his arm around Cole’s shoulder. The touch seemed to thrill Cole. I didn’t understand why he was having such a different effect on Cole than he was on me. I wished I had the mountain lion by my side again. The mountain lion. He had tried to warn me, showing me the confusing shadow tailing us to Tucson. If this was the same being, we were in serious trouble. 
I suddenly realized Cole and Darren Johnson had already started toward the records room. A few quick steps brought me to Cole’s side. A lanky woman with wavy red hair sauntered down the hall, her steaming lunch, hot from the microwave, balanced in her hands. She waved at her coworker with the same adoring smile Cole still wore. 
“Good morning, Darren,” she breathed. 
“Good morning,” he said with a dignified nod. The woman sighed and continued on her way. 
Stunned by the exchange, I stared at the man out of the corner of my eye. There was no way he was actually an employee of Pima County. The redhead had greeted him as if she had known and loved him all her life. 
“In we go,” Darren Johnson said as if we were casually walking into a café for lunch. His smile sent tiny pinpricks along my arms. He pushed the plain brown door open just far enough for us to slip through. 
I was surprised to see the bland, beige room was empty. The stiff commercial carpet ran the length of the room as well as about six inches up the wall. There were plain gray file cabinets galore that looked original to the building, but not a single person. No wonder it took a month to get a birth certificate. Nobody even worked in this room. Cole was ready to jump out of his skin with excitement. I stared at the cabinets, wondering if I was walking into a trap. 
“So,” Darren Johnson said, “where would you like to start? The records are organized by year. I assume you have a specific name in mind as well.” 
Cole opened his mouth, eager to offer the last bits of information he held. Pushing him away, I spoke up quickly. “We’d rather keep that information to ourselves, if you don’t mind.” 
Darren Johnson’s mouth pulled into a thin line, briefly. “Of course, deniability and all that. I’ll just keep an eye on the door, then.” 
“Thanks,” I said. My eyes did not leave him until he was firmly planted next to the door, his back to the files. “Start over there, Cole,” I ordered. 
Cole suddenly seemed very confused. Glancing at our sentry, Cole grabbed my arm. “Who is that guy?” 
My jaw unhinged. “What do you mean? You've been fawning over him since he walked up to us.” 
An incredulous looked settled on Cole’s face. “Fawning? What are you talking about?” 
I pulled Cole close to me, my voice lowering to a whisper. “You don’t remember him walking up to us, saying that he wanted to help us?” 
Cole shook his head. 
I clenched my jaw to suppress my frustration. “Just stay away from him. And don’t let him touch you.” 
Cole opened his mouth with a million questions I had no answers for. Shaking my head, I nodded toward the strange man and held a finger to my lips. Grinding his teeth, Cole nodded and headed off in the direction I had pointed a few seconds earlier. 
Darren had been right about the files being organized by year. I paid Cole as much attention as I could spare, hoping Darren Johnson hadn’t noticed his charm had worn off his new buddy. If he was paying attention to Cole, maybe he wouldn’t notice what I was doing. Searching the cabinet’s labels, I quickly found the right year. That year alone was repeated over three large filing cabinets. I groaned inwardly and tugged open the first squeaking drawer. 
I found several Daniels, but none with the right birth date. I pulled open a second drawer. Realizing the files only covered the month of February, I closed the drawer and skimmed through the records until October births started to appear two cabinets over. Claire’s birthday was October eighteenth. If Cole was right, there should be a Daniel born within days of the eighteenth. 
The quiet squeal of the door pulled my eyes away from the files. I watched Darren Johnson. His gaze had wandered to Cole, pulling him away from the door a little. At least I knew Cole was only affected by the man’s charm if he was close to him. That was the main reason I had sent Cole to the other side of the room. He had already given away too much information to the stranger. Cole would know nothing of what I found until we were well away from Darren Johnson. If we could get away.
Diving back into the files, I searched for Daniel. I was beginning to worry he wouldn’t be in the records. It was possible he had simply been visiting Tucson on vacation when Quaile saw him meeting Claire, just as Cole had said. I had no idea how to find him if searching the records didn’t work. If Quaile had only been able to give me a last name, my search would have been much easier. With a last name I probably could have simply found him by Googling his name on the internet or looking him up on Facebook. Pushing away thoughts of what I didn’t have, I focused on the files. 
Alonzo Sandoval, born October eighteenth. Conrad White, born October eighteenth. Daniel Harding, born October eighteenth, two forty-five a.m., at St. Joseph’s Hospital to Henry and Adelaide Harding.
 
 
 
Chapter 27
Enemy
 
 
The original form stating their request for a copy of Daniel’s birth certificate was included in the file. Relief flooded through me. My lips split into an idiotic smile before I remembered I was most definitely being watched. Smoothing my expression, I read the details of the file. 
The address listed on the form was 2745 Meredith Blvd. I knew where he lived. Or, at least I knew where they lived almost eighteen years ago. I suspected the address was probably no longer valid, but it was still more than I’d had before. Finally, we’re getting closer. I quickly committed the address to memory, not wanting to risk writing it down where someone else could find it. If they had moved, perhaps Cole could apply his honed social media skills and find out where this Daniel kid was now. 
Conscious of Darren Johnson’s presence, I left the file alone, pushing the other files closer to it and pretending to continue my search for another few minutes. Feigning frustration, I pushed the drawer closed and moved on to the next row of cabinets. Darren Johnson was now looking over Cole’s shoulder. The dreamy look had returned to Cole’s face. Who was this guy? 
Shoving another drawer closed, I listened carefully. Cole still had information I didn’t want the stranger to have. He seemed to have too much power over people to be anything entirely human. I couldn’t tell for sure if he was the shadowy figure from the mountain lion’s vision, but I knew he was definitely connected in some way to the misshapen creature. He had shown up because of what was happening to Claire. I was sure of that.
Silently pulling another drawer open, I contemplated what it would take to get away from the man. Cole would not want to leave, but if I could drag him far enough away from the fake Darren Johnson, he would run for his life. The problem would be getting him away from Darren. The man wasn’t going to simply walk away from us without getting the information he wanted. And I was sure he very much wanted to know what I had found. 
Somehow, I knew his strength was not equal to his physical appearance, but much greater. We wouldn’t be able to overpower him. I could barely stand his touch earlier. Cole certainly hadn’t felt the searing heat as I did but, if Cole was close enough to hit Darren, he would most likely not be able to bring himself to harm the man. 
We needed to get outside of the building. If escape became a struggle, I didn’t want the police getting involved. No doubt they would believe anything Darren told them. Although I didn’t understand why I was immune to Darren’s charm, I was pretty sure any other human would react as Cole and the lady in the hall had. The mountain lion’s vision crept back into my mind. The animals knew what this man was. They feared him, but they would fight against him. Getting them here was the problem. 
The memory of my first hunting trip with my dad gave me a hint, and a plan began to form in my mind. Getting outside was imperative. Evening my expression, I closed the filing cabinet drawer and walked over to Cole and his shadow. “I thought you were watching the door,” I said to Darren Johnson.
Darren turned his smile on me with no effect. “I have very good hearing,” he explained. “Everyone is busy enjoying their lunches, right now. Did you find what you were looking for, Uriah?” 
Great. He knew my name. I knew Cole couldn’t help himself from telling the man anything he wanted to know, but I was still going to let him have it if we were able to get away. Panic gripped my heart as an image of Claire lying on my mother’s floor, unmoving, flickered in my mind. No, not if, when. Calming myself as best I could, I answered Darren’s question honestly. “Yes, I did.” 
Cole’s face glowed with excitement. “You found him? Where is he, Uriah?” 
I glanced around the room, then down the hallway. I knew no one was around, but the searching wasn’t for me. Cole followed my gaze eagerly, as did Darren Johnson, although his search was less enthusiastic than Cole’s had been. He knew we were alone. 
“I don’t want to talk about it here,” I said. Motioning to the door, I pulled it open quickly. “Let’s get outside before someone catches us.” 
Darren raised a finger, wanting to comment, but I slipped through the door before he could form the words. Cole hurried after me. 
Seemingly unconcerned with his actions, Darren calmly walked into the hallway, pulling the door closed behind him. His glare was tight and focused, focused on me. I’d guessed that he wouldn’t want to leave the room before gaining his prize, but since I remained unaffected by his magnetism, he was forced to follow me. I kept Cole close to me as we walked through the deserted lobby. Relieved that the dutiful receptionist was on her lunch break as well, I picked up speed and headed straight for the exit. 
Without really knowing what I was doing, I formed a plea in my mind. Showing the same image of the rapidly changing shadow the mountain lion had presented, I sent out thoughts of danger and pleaded for help. I hoped something would hear me and come like the deer had. I had no idea whether there were even any large animals in a city this big, but thin straws were all I had to grasp at in that moment. Almost running, I steered Cole toward the motorcycles. We were more than halfway there when Darren Johnson’s patience ran out. 
Somehow, he appeared in front of me, his hand on my chest. The burning sensation ripped through my clothes, threatening to consume me. I called Claire to my mind right away, how excited she had been to speak with the elders, the night I asked her to marry me, our first kiss. Her heart and soul gave me the edge of strength I needed to withstand the attack and push his arm away. 
“I think it’s about time you let me in on your little secret, Uriah,” Darren said with a sickly sweet smile. 
I squeezed Cole’s arm painfully. He kept quiet. 
“I helped you, Uriah. I think you owe me an explanation.” 
“I owe you nothing,” I said. My free hand slapped his hand away before he could touch me again. The skin to skin contact intensified the searing heat. I stumbled. Claire’s pleading eyes swept through my mind, begging me to fight back. I straightened, pulling Cole behind me. 
“What did you find? Where is Daniel?” he demanded. 
Cole whimpered behind me. I realized I had twisted his arm painfully when I heard Daniel’s name mentioned. Telling myself it wasn’t Cole’s fault, I forced my hand to relax its grip. The pain and fear were slowly overriding Cole’s fascination with Darren. 
“Yes,” Darren hissed, “I know all about Daniel…and Claire.” 
I steeled myself, holding my love for Claire as my only lifeline. I could not fail her. 
“Poor Claire,” he crooned. “Wasting away, waiting for you to save her.” 
Darren circled around me toward Cole. I didn’t need to pull Cole away this time. The strange man was definitely losing his hold. 
“You won’t be able to save her, Uriah. I won’t let you.” 
“You have no power over me,” I said. Turning slightly, I started backing toward the motorcycles. Darren followed. I pleaded again with whatever might hear my thoughts. 
“I have never met a man I could not command before. I’m greatly disappointed to have met you so soon, but I am pleased to know my touch causes you so much discomfort,” Darren said, leaping toward me. His hands grabbed me more quickly than I could have imagined and pressed against my head and neck, holding me in agony. 
Claire. Her graceful steps approached me, a brilliant smile on her lips. “Claire,” I whispered. The pain of his touch had me on my knees. I was aware of Cole pummeling him uselessly, but it meant nothing. It was agony just to catch each gasping breath of air. 
A deep snarling echoed in my head. My mind was too strangled to figure out where it was coming from. A sudden blow knocked me from my feet. I rolled over, aware enough to remember that one second’s hesitation could cost me my life, mine and Claire’s. 
Lifting my head, I realized Darren lay sprawled on the asphalt a few feet away from me. I searched for Cole, wondering how he had managed such a fierce blow. My eyes flew wide. Cole huddled against a red car staring at the gray wolf next to him. The wolf flashed his teeth at me, a flood of images following quickly. He showed me that more wolves were on their way. The images showed them attacking Darren, or whoever he was. The last image showed Cole and me speeding away on our motorcycles. 
Shaking my head, I attempted to send my thoughts back to the wolf, telling him that I could stay and help. A sudden image of Claire, lying on a bed, her face pale and sallow, rocked me. How could he know about Claire? Was the wolf truly able to read my thoughts without my knowledge? There was no time to ask. The images replayed in my mind, the wolf begging us to leave. Vengeance would have to wait. Claire was too important. Nodding, I stood, motioning for Cole to follow me. 
A furious growl erupted from the wolf’s muzzle. It launched itself in my direction, past me and toward Darren. I lunged to the side, falling against a parked car. Darren Johnson was on his feet again, his face twisted in fury. His body shimmered and heaved. 
I scrambled back, reaching for Cole. One terrible convulsion ran through the man’s body before it collapsed in on itself. I gasped, only to watch the mass rearrange itself in a terrible display. A wolf, twice the size of the gray, grew out of the raw material. Its fangs dripped with hunger. 
The image of Cole and I riding away slapped back into my mind. I was more than willing to take the suggestion by then. Cole sprang to his feet beside me. 
“Run,” I said hoarsely. Our feet pounded against the pavement as more snarling voices joined the fray behind us. 
Images flashed through my mind, pushing us to leave, assuring me they would hold off the beast. Unfortunately, the images only showed him wounded, not dead. I wondered if anything could actually destroy such a demon. The motorcycles roared to life. The screech of the wheels was nothing compared to the battle we were leaving behind. Anger pulled at me as one of the voices faded from my mind. 
“What just happened back there, Uriah? That guy, he just…what was he?” Cole’s shaky voice asked. 
“I don’t know. Let’s just get as far from here away as we can,” I said. Explanations would have to wait, though there was precious little I would actually be able to explain as it was. 
“Well, where are we going? Can you tell me that at least,” Cole asked, his raw voice crackling through the headset. The irritation and fear in his voice was understandable. 
“Daniel’s file said they lived on Meredith Blvd. Do you know where that is?” 
Cole shook his head. 
“Just head back to the interstate for now. I don’t want to hang around here,” I said. Cole echoed my sentiment and sped up. The images began to fade as we drove. I paid close attention to the factor of distance. We were just over five miles away before the images started to recede. I logged that away in my memory, knowing I would probably have to call for help again. 
 
 
 
Chapter 28
Confession
 
 
My hands were still shaking when we pulled into a gas station, miles from where we had left the wolves. Cole was nearly doubled over in misery by the time we stopped. “Uriah, I’m so sorry. Even after you warned me to stay away from that guy, I still told him everything he wanted to know. I couldn’t help myself,” he said gripping my arm. 
My earlier anger at him had washed away in the face of the creature’s attack. I was surprised he even remembered talking to Darren the second time. His power must wane the longer he was around a person. “It’s okay,” I said trying to comfort him. “I know you wouldn’t have said anything if you could have stopped yourself.” 
“What did that guy do to me? And what the hell happened back there, Uriah?” Cole asked, his shame finally overrun by the absolute insanity of what we had just witnessed. 
“I’m not sure,” I admitted. “That Darren guy did not work at the Vital Records office. He wasn’t even human. And don’t feel too bad about talking to him. He seemed to have the same effect on other people as well.” 
“Not on you apparently,” Cole said miserably.  
“Yeah,” I said, “he was surprised by that too. It certainly wasn’t anything I did. This woman walked by him in the hallway and said hi to him. You should have seen the look on her face. She would have done anything he asked her to do. It was really creepy. The weirdest thing was that she addressed him by his name, Darren, like she actually knew him, but there’s no way she actually knew who he was, right?” 
“I’m with you, that guy was not human,” Cole said, “but if the woman knew him, what does that mean?” 
She had recognized the man as Darren, but unless Pima County had some very questionable hiring practices, that was not the real Darren Johnson. Considering how the creature could manage to pass himself off as an actual employee, and remembering what had happened after leaving the office, there were very few explanations. I had a sinking feeling I had just figured out what it meant. 
“I think somebody named Darren Johnson does work at the Vital Records office, but that thing we met was not him. I think he just looked like Darren Johnson.” 
“You mean that thing changed himself into that guy?” Cole asked. 
“I think so.” 
“That’s sick, really sick. What do you think happened to the real Darren Johnson? Do you think that thing killed him?” Cole asked. 
Along with zombie movies, Cole loved sci-fi thriller movies, especially ones like Body Snatchers. I had to admit I was wondering the same thing. “I don’t know. I hope not,” I said. “There’s nothing we can do about it if he did, though.”  
“That thing changed himself into that giant wolf like it was nothing. The regular wolves didn’t even seem to think it was strange,” Cole babbled. The memory of the wolves sent a shudder through him. He was undoubtedly wondering how he had survived being in their presence. “Where did those other wolves come from anyway?”
I looked away from Cole’s wondering eyes. I hadn’t wanted to mention the cougar’s visions before, but only because I didn’t want to frighten him. Now, it didn’t feel right not telling him. Surely the man who was not Darren Johnson had already figured out that the wolves were my doing. Cole had already told him everything else, apparently. 
“Uriah?” 
“I called them,” I said. 
Cole’s face scrunched up and shook slowly. 
“Last night when that mountain lion walked into our camp, it was able to talk to me.” 
Cole stepped back. 
“Well, not really talk, like we do,” I said quickly. “He put pictures in my mind. First, he just showed me a picture of us sleeping while he stood watch. Then this morning, before you woke up, he showed me more pictures. Animals like the mountain lion and the wolves were keeping watch over us while we drove to Tucson.”
Cole looked around worriedly. “Are they here now?” 
“I don’t know, maybe.” I waited for Cole to face me again. “He also showed me this strange creature that had been tracking us. I think it’s been following us since we left San Juan. I think that might be who we just met.” 
“You have got to be kidding me,” Cole said, running his fingers through his short black hair. “First Quaile turns you and Claire away because she claims she’s had a vision, then my dad poisons his own daughter, sending us off after some mystery guy, you’re talking to animals, and now some crazy, morphing psycho creature is after us.” Cole sighed, banging his fist on the seat of his bike. “When did we stop living in the real world, Uriah?” 
I shrugged, shoving my hands into my pockets. I had been asking myself the same question since visiting Quaile. “I’ve been wracking my memory for what this thing could be. I’ve heard stories of the Trickster, Coyote, or Iktome, but I can’t think of a single legend that would explain what we just saw.” 
“I doubt that was the Trickster,” Cole said. His hand came up to his forehead. He shook his head back and forth. “I can’t believe I’m talking about this stuff like it’s real.” Taking a deep, steadying breath, Cole seemed unable to continue. 
“Why not the Trickster?” I asked. 
“The Trickster mainly caused problems or scandals, humiliated people, or disrupted a tribe. Coyote is actually just the Trickster under a different name. Iktome was a lying, greedy thief who was usually trying to seduce women,” Cole said. “Coyote and Iktome were usually trying to trick each other in the stories I’ve heard or read. Neither one ever hunted down humans to kill them. At least not that I’m aware of.” 
“That’s what I thought. I always kind of liked the stories of Coyote and Iktome, but now I wish I’d never heard any of them,” I said wearily. “I think that thing has been following us because of what happened to Claire. It must be trying to stop us from finding Daniel, but I have no idea why. I can’t tell you how many stories I’ve heard about Twin Souls, but never even once have I heard anyone mention some shape shifting demon trying to kill or capture Twin Souls before they meet. Have you? Maybe in one of the books you’ve read at the store?” 
Cole shook his head. “No, never. I have no idea what that thing was.” 
Claire and I should have been planning our wedding, not having her on the brink of death and me searching for some kid in Arizona, fighting inhuman monsters along the way. I closed my eyes, breathing in her memory. Her face and eyes were the only things that had kept me from dissolving under the creature’s fire. I couldn’t lose her. I refused to give her up. 
 “When that thing grabbed your head, I thought we were done for,” Cole said. “What was he doing to you?” 
“I don’t know. He didn’t even know. He couldn’t figure out why I wasn’t following him around like a love-sick puppy like everyone else. His mind games didn’t work on me, but every time he touched me it felt like fire burning my skin,” I said. “I almost blacked out from the pain, but there isn’t a mark on me.” Cole searched my face, either for scars he had missed earlier, or a hint that I was going crazy. 
“Do you think he’s coming back?” Cole shuffled his foot, kicking the bike’s tire. 
“Yeah, he’ll be back,” I said. 
Cole’s head snapped up, searching the area. I reached up and gripped his shoulders. 
When he calmed down, I continued. “I think the wolves bought us some time, though. The things they showed me seemed to say that they would be able to hurt him pretty bad, but not kill it. I don’t know if anything can kill it.” 
“Well let’s not sit around waiting for him, then. I’ll go ask the clerk where Meredith Blvd. is,” Cole said. Sprinting to the convenience store, Cole glanced around himself warily. I had an urge to do the same thing. Despite what I’d told Cole, I had no idea how long it would be before the creature was back on our trail. 
Testing my new ability, I created a picture of the creature in my mind, wounded and hiding. Sending the image out as a question, I waited for any response. Several images from restless birds crowded into my mind, all laced with terror. The answering pictures made it clear that none of the animals knew where the creature was. I got the distinct impression that they hoped they would never find out, either. 
I tried to form another question in my mind, but the birds had already retreated, afraid to speak any more of the strange beast. Cole pushed the convenience store’s door open with a wary sweep of the parking lot. Hurrying back to his bike, he climbed on in a rush. “We’re headed the right way,” he said. “It’s just off Ina Road. The exit is about five miles from here.” 
Happy to drive further north, I mounted my bike and started the engine. Cole led the way, but I stayed close behind. I was starting to get used to driving in the busy city traffic. We merged onto the interstate with ease and continued our trek north. 
My headset remained quiet as we drove. I knew Cole was burning with questions, but I think he realized I didn’t understand what was happening any more than he did. Despite his more annoying qualities, Cole was smart. It was probably in both of our best interests to let him puzzle out the answers for himself. He was bound to do better than I was. 
Claire wouldn’t have appreciated that sentiment, always telling me to stop selling myself short, but aside from my brief search to figure out why I couldn’t touch Claire, I had avoided most Tewa mythology, other than the stories my mom had told me before bedtime as a child. I really was at a loss this time. 
The heroic stories always rang just a little too deeply with me, which was why I shied away from them. I saw myself in many of those past warriors, and I wanted nothing to do with the lives they led. Holding the fate of an entire tribe on my shoulders wasn’t something I sought after. Shearing sheep, plating alfalfa, spending my life with Claire, those were the things I wanted most. Maybe part of me recognized the subtle signs that there was something unique about me, and that was what made me keep my distance from my heritage. 
Besides my lacking knowledge, thoughts of Claire kept me from considering anything too deeply. My chest tightened every time I thought of her lying helpless and alone. The scene in her parent’s house played over and over in my mind. I had seen the look on Thomas’s face when Sarah asked for the tea. I hated myself for not reacting in time. I knew how much he despised the idea of his daughter marrying me. When Claire needed me to protect her most, I failed. Would she even want me back? I had to believe she would forgive me. Although, her forgiveness might mean nothing if I couldn’t find a way to keep the bond from forming. 
 
 
 
Chapter 29
Relief
 
 
The fast pace of the city traffic brought us to our destination faster than I expected. The single-story ranch house waited placidly for our arrival. The red terra cotta roof tiles seemed to ripple in the heat. Pale pink stucco wrapped the house, broken only by the faux antique, wood-framed windows and doors. The spiked fronds of yucca plants guarded the low windows just as much as the wrought iron bars secured to the window frames. 
Parked a few houses away, we watched the home. Friday afternoon should have been a busy time but, in this neighborhood, the day wound by quietly. “We need to find out if they still live there,” I said. 
I think we were both prepared for the let down and inevitable dead end as we watched the house, but we still climbed off the bikes and walked casually toward our target. I glanced up and down the street before stopping next to the mailbox belonging to the pink stucco house. Cole took up a position that attempted to block the view of my hand reaching into the mailbox. 
Slipping the letters out, I quickly scanned the names. Junk mailers addressed to “current resident”. A random flyer not addressed to anyone. A credit card bill for Henry Harding. A magazine addressed to Adelaide Harding. Scanning the rest of the letters to be sure they were all the same, I tossed the mail back into the box and stepped a few feet away. Cole stepped in beside me. 
“Dead end?” he asked. His shoulders slumped in anticipation of my response. 
“They still live here.” The unbelief in my voice matched the expression on Cole’s face. 
“You’re sure?” 
I couldn’t begrudge him the question. I wanted to go back and check the mail again myself. “That was their mail, Henry and Adelaide Harding.” 
We both sighed as the news really hit us. The relief was almost as draining as the disappointment would have been. I was ready for the disappointment. Still, I wasn’t sure what to do next. Was Daniel home? Were his parents home? There was only one way to find out. Walking up to the front door, I rang the doorbell. 
Cole and I waited for several minutes before pushing the bell again. Still no one answered. “I guess they’re out.” 
“We’ll just have to wait, then,” Cole said, turning to walk back to the bikes. 
When would Daniel get home? It was Friday. What if they had gone out of town for the weekend or out with friends for the night? A sudden thought floored me. “He’s only seventeen.” 
“Yeah, and…” Cole prompted. 
“How are we going to convince him to come with us?” I asked. “His parents will never agree to let their son go on an out-of-state road trip with two complete strangers.” 
“I bet you can change their mind, if you have to,” Cole said. 
Thinking of my recent almost, and flat out failures in that area, I wasn’t so sure anymore. “It may not be that easy, Cole. I think Claire’s wrong about what I can do. You didn’t listen to me when I told you to go home.” 
“Well, yeah, but this is about saving Claire’s life. I had to go,” Cole said. “I wasn’t going to let you stop me.” 
“Exactly. Your dad almost held out about not letting Claire marry me. I don’t think I can change anyone’s mind if their decision is strong enough.” 
Cole frowned. “But my dad’s decisions are always pretty strong. He was dead set against Claire even dating you. Most of his reasons for the stuff he does are totally bogus, but you’ve gotten him to agree to plenty of things.” 
There was more to it, then. Something in what Cole had just said made me think. “Then, maybe it has more to do with the reason behind it. You love Claire and wanted to come because you’re really worried about her,” I said. “Most of the stuff your dad does is just because he’s being a selfish jerk. Maybe that’s why I can change his mind so easily. Either way, I’m sure Daniel's parents love him and won’t let him go. I don’t think I’ll be able to change their minds.” 
Thinking it over, Cole’s confidence in me seemed to fade. I had told him straight out twice to go home and he had stood his ground. I didn’t know how he could argue with me too much. He knew I was right. Daniel’s parents would never let him come with us. 
My teeth ground together as I raised my head to stare at the sky. I should have known my luck was just not that good. Standing around waiting for Daniel to show up would mean nothing if we couldn’t get him back to San Juan with us. Plus, we had no way of knowing how much damage the wolves had done to the creature, or how long it would take him to heal and continue his chase. There was no time for all of this. 
“Well, if he won’t come willingly, what choice do we have?” Cole said reluctantly, bringing me back to the conversation. 
Let Claire die, or commit our third felony for the day. Stealing private information. Violating someone’s mailbox. Kidnapping. The first two might be overlooked, but the third one would definitely involve the police. I would do it, if it was my only choice. Cole nodded to himself. I was willing to bet he was having the exact same conversation with himself, and had come to the same conclusion. 
I slipped my hands into my pockets and felt the strand of hair Quaile had given me. Kidnapping wasn’t my last resort. The hair would certainly make Daniel come with us, with no questions or hesitation, but I couldn’t bring myself to use it. Hope was the only thing I had left. If I knew for certain that Claire would never look at me with her milk chocolate eyes and feel the love I felt for her, I didn’t know how I would find the strength to follow through with my task. 
My last link to her, I would not use the strand of Claire’s hair. I promised myself that fervently, but a tiny corner of my mind knew I could never let Claire die. If there was no other way, I would use it. 
“We’re going to attract attention sitting here all afternoon,” Cole said. 
I glanced around, searching for somewhere out of the way where we could hide. Further down the street, a small park waited for children who didn’t seem to live in the neighborhood anymore. Considering our age, we would have been more noticeable there than waiting on the motorcycles. Most likely someone would call the police, thinking the worst of our presence. 
I scanned the buildings, spotting several possibilities. “That house down the street, the two story one, has a for sale sign out. Do you think it’s vacant?” I asked. 
“If it is, the neighbors will notice two guys poking around,” Cole said thoughtfully. 
“What about the house with the newspapers in the driveway. They must be on vacation.” Cole looked toward the vacationer’s house. Four rolled up newspapers were scattered in the driveway. The outdoor light had been left on. A small diamond shaped sign advertised that the house was protected by a security system. That ruled out breaking in, I thought happily. I was hoping to keep our criminal activity to a minimum. 
“If we pick up the newspapers and pull the bikes around the back, we’ll probably be fine,” Cole said. “If anyone sees us, maybe they’ll just think the owners are back.” 
Climbing back onto the motorcycle, Cole scanned the street again. A late model BMW cruised our way. I knelt beside the bike, pretending to check the tires. The car continued through the neighborhood without stopping. 
“Let’s go,” Cole said. 
Within seconds we were dragging the motorcycles behind the home’s wooden fence. Leaving the gate open just far enough to see the Harding’s house, Cole and I settled against the wood planks. It was a little after one o’clock. If it had been during the school year, Daniel would have been at school. Summer break was winding down, but not over yet, so we had no way of knowing where he might be. 
Being seventeen, Daniel was old enough to drive. He could be anywhere in the city. With only one car between me and my mom, I spent a lot of time walking. The fact that Daniel probably had a car would most likely take him directly into the garage. If that was the case, we would be left knocking on his door again. 
I was unsure whether that would be the best or worst approach. Over six feet tall with a full build, I was not the most approachable guy in the world. Claire loved my height and strength. She always told me that when I put my arms around her, she felt safe from the world. I doubted Daniel Harding would feel quite the same. Cole was more average in his height and build. Perhaps he should be the one to approach Daniel. 
“How do you want to handle this?” Cole asked. 
I wondered if Cole was usually so sensitive to others’ thoughts, or if we were just very likeminded. He seemed to have a knack for answering questions I hadn’t actually spoken. Or maybe Claire was right and I showed what I was thinking in every expression. 
“I think you should approach him,” I said. 
“Why me?” Cole asked. “You’re not even sure yet that you won’t be able to just tell him to come with us.”  
If I couldn’t convince him right away, I would probably just intimidate him. Plus, the idea of actually meeting this guy made me want to vomit. “Still,” I said, “I think he’ll respond better to you.” 
“What, then you’ll pop out of the bushes and introduce yourself? Yeah, that’s a much better idea, Uriah.” Cole glanced up and down the road again. “We should approach him together, but that’s not really what I meant anyway. What are you planning to tell him?” 
That was the real question. I had been hoping Cole’s unusual silence meant he had a plan, other than kidnapping, that was. “I don’t suppose the truth is going to work very well.” 
“Probably not. I don’t even believe it. Well, I do, but you know what I mean,” Cole said. 
Of course I knew what he meant. Souls split before birth, shadow men, and talking to animals. Everyone believed in those kinds of things, right? It was my own tribe’s heritage, but very few of us actually thought it was more than fairytale. 
 “Can you think of any medical reason his parents would let him come with us?” I asked. I had already considered telling his parents that he was matched to Claire for his blood or bone marrow type, but the chance that Daniel, a minor, had actually been typed for either of those things were slim.  Cole shook his head. Kidnapping was looking like the best solution. I asked, “Any other ideas?” 
“Hmmm,” Cole said cocking one eyebrow. “What can we say to a hormonal seventeen-year-old boy to make him want to travel across the state with us, most likely against his parents’ wishes? Maybe that there’s a beautiful girl waiting for him?” 
My eyes narrowed. “That’s the best you can come up with, Cole. Really?” 
He threw his hands up in defense. 
“All I’m saying is that it will probably work better than trying to convince his parents he became a bone marrow donor without telling them. I’m sure you have a picture of Claire in your wallet. If you don’t, I do,” Cole said. 
It seemed a little weird to me that he carried around a picture of his sister in his wallet, but I kept my mouth shut. 
Again, Cole seemed to read my expression. “It’s a family picture from last year,” he said. “I don’t have to tell you that Claire’s beautiful. Look what you’re willing to do to save her. I can imagine that he’d be more than willing to come with us, even if just for the chance to meet her in person.” 
My hands moved toward Cole, balled in tight fists. Cole might be fine dressing his sister up and trotting her around like a prized horse, but I would never do that to her. I didn’t want this Daniel kid looking at a picture of Claire and wondering what it would be like to kiss her, either. My stomach soured even thinking about it. Kidnapping was definitely looking like the best option. 
 Despite Cole’s cavalier words, there was desperation in his eyes. Looking down at my hands, I forced them to relax. Claire was Cole’s sister. It was hard to remember I wasn’t the only one terrified of losing her. Cole and I may have loved Claire in very different ways, but I had no right to say that mine was better or deeper than his. I still wanted to smack him, though. 
“Uriah, I’m not trying to be a ghoul or disrespect Claire. I’m only trying to save her, and I think playing on this kid’s hormones is our best bet.” 
Cole leaned forward. I thought he was going to say something, but his gaze slid past me to the street. A silver sedan pulled up to the Harding home, swinging into the driveway with ease. A tall blonde woman dressed in a dark blue pant suit and black high heels was heading straight for the front door. Her heels clicked along the pavement as she dug through her purse for the house keys. 
“Time’s up,” Cole said. 
 
 
 
Chapter 30
Breaking In
 
 
I glanced at the woman carefully. Everything about her was sleek and professional. I couldn’t see her face very well to guess her age, but her clothing had me assuming she wasn’t Daniel’s sister. “You think that’s his mom?” I asked Cole. 
“Probably,” he said. “She didn’t park in the garage, though.” 
“Lots of people don’t use their garages,” I said, glancing up and down the street. Actually, there wasn’t a parked car in sight. Either everyone in the neighborhood was at work, or people in this neighborhood really didn’t leave their cars parked in the driveway or on the street. It was too nice of a neighborhood for that, I supposed. 
“Maybe you’re right about the garage,” I said. “She must be planning to leave again. We should go talk to her.” 
“Are you serious?” Cole asked. 
“What if Daniel doesn’t come home tonight? What if he’s out of town? I don’t want to waste time sitting here waiting for him to show up if he’s not even coming back,” I said. “We’ll just ring the doorbell and ask if Daniel is home.” 
“But we know he isn’t.” 
“Yeah, but she’ll probably tell us when he’ll be home so we can come back later,” I said. 
Cole still looked doubtful. 
“We don’t have time to debate it, Cole. Let’s go.” I slipped through the open gate and started across the street. 
My mind was working furiously as I walked. Glancing back to make sure Cole was actually following me, I worked out what I would say to Daniel’s mother. Cole hurried up to my side muttering about going along with another stupid idea. I ignored him and stepped up to the Harding’s front door. I never asked him to come with me. My finger hit the doorbell and I stood listening to the melodic chime. 
The artificially weathered door cracked open and the blonde woman peeked out through the small opening. “Can I help you?” she asked. 
Relaxing my stance to one I had seen Cole use many times, I said, “Are you Daniel’s mom?” 
The woman smiled warmly, but didn’t open the door any further. “Yes, I’m Mrs. Harding. Are you friends of Daniel’s?” 
“Yeah, we met him a few weeks ago,” I lied. “We were over at a friend’s house down the street and just thought we’d stop by and say hey.” 
Daniel’s mother opened the door a little further. “I’m sorry, boys,” she said, “but Daniel isn’t here right now. He’s been out of town for a few weeks and won’t be back until next weekend. If you give me your names, I’ll be happy to let him know you stopped by.” 
“That would be great, Mrs. Harding,” I said quickly, not wanting to give away my lie by refusing her offer. “Just tell him Uriah and Cole came by to see him.” 
“Uriah and Cole,” she repeated, “I’ll tell him. You boys have a good afternoon.” 
“Thank you,” I said. She closed the door with a smile, and Cole and I walked back down the driveway. I nudged Cole in the vague direction I had indicated. We were only half way down the block when I heard the soft purr of Mrs. Harding’s silver sedan filtering through the quiet afternoon. 
Glancing back, I saw her reverse into the street and drive back the way she had come. “She’s gone.” 
Cole stopped midstride and turned to look at the receding sedan. 
“I think we should go back,” I said. “We need to find out where Daniel is.” 
“You want to break into their house?” 
“I don’t think we have any other choice.” 
“Why didn’t you just ask her where he was? She might have at least told you that,” Cole said. 
“His mom was nice enough, but if I had tried pressuring her into telling us where Daniel was, she would have gotten suspicious and might have called the police. Breaking in is the only option right now. I didn’t see a security system sign anywhere in their yard, so we might be able to find a way in without getting caught,” I said. 
“Do you even know how to break into a house?” Cole asked. “And I don’t mean throwing a rock through a window. I have the feeling this is the type of neighborhood where people will notice that kind of thing and call the cops.” 
“No, Cole, I don’t know how to break into a house. It’s not something I usually do in my spare time, but I’m sure we can find a way to get in if we try hard enough. Now, are you going to stand here arguing with me all afternoon or are you going to help me figure out where Daniel is?” 
My patience with Cole was edging toward its snapping point again. This was why I never hung out with him much back home. One minute we got along fine, and the next I wanted to sock him in the face. 
Cole shrugged his shoulders as if I were the one being unreasonable. “Let’s go, then,” he said. He stalked ahead of me. I resisted the urge to smack the back of his head and caught up to him. 
I glanced up and down the street again, checking for any nosy neighbors, before cutting across the hearty desert lawn. Launching myself over the low plaster and brick wall, I landed in a bed of gravel. Cole grunted as he struggled to get over the same wall. Landing with a heavy thud, Cole straightened himself, trying to pretend he had made it over as easily as I had. I rolled my eyes and walked around the corner of the house. 
The Harding’s backyard was as immaculate as the front yard. Light brown pebbles edged the entire area. Half the yard sported the same rough grass from the front yard, and the other half was paved with natural flagstone. The flagstone patio held a variety of potted plants, as well as an above ground fire pit and built in barbeque grill. The patio furniture looked brand new, perfectly arranged for the parties I had no doubt the Harding’s hosted regularly. 
Unlike the windows in the front of the house, the windows in the back didn’t have the wrought iron bars secured to the casings. That was a good sign. I knew it was too much to hope for, but I went to the sliding glass door and tugged on the handle. It didn’t budge. “Locked,” I said. 
“So’s the window,” Cole said, leaning against the glass. “Try the other one.” 
Only a few feet away, the high rectangular window was most likely sitting over a kitchen sink. It was one window my mom often forgot to lock. I hoped Mrs. Harding had the same problem. Pressing my hands against the glass I tried to use the pressure to slide the window open, but it refused to move as well. Applying the same technique, I tried the rest of the windows with the same results. “They’re all locked,” I said. “Any ideas?” 
Cole stepped out of the pebbles he had been standing in and approached the sliding glass door. “I don’t know if I can do this, but we don’t have a lot of other options. The door looks old enough that it should work,” Cole said to himself. He grabbed the edge of the outer panel with one hand and pressed the other hand against the glass. I watched as he shoved the door into the upper track and tried to lift it away from the bottom track. It slipped and pinched Cole’s finger. 
“Damn it,” Cole said as he snatched his finger away from the door and stuck it in his mouth. 
I took a step toward the door, ready to try his technique, but Cole waved me away. 
“Let me try again. I think I almost got it.” Taking the same position, Cole tried to yank the door out of its tracks. The corner of the lower edge almost made it free before Cole’s grip slipped. 
“You want me to try?” I asked. 
Cole nodded stiffly, his hands folding over his chest with a grunt. It took several tries before I finally caught the outer edge of the door on the top of the track. Cole breathed a sigh of relief at the grating of metal on metal. Looking around the patio, he pulled a decorative lawn ornament with a long metal spike out of the ground. 
“Try pulling it as far away from the glass as you can,” he instructed. 
Pulling gently, I tried not to break the door. Cole slipped the thin piece of metal through the small space, reaching for the latch. The spike slipped off the curved lock twice before Cole was able to gain the right leverage and flip the switch up, unlocking the door. 
Lowering the door back into the tracks, I pulled the door open easily. “How did you learn to do that?” I asked, turning back to Cole. 
“Like I said, I get bored at the store,” Cole replied. 
I wondered what else he had learned sitting around his dad’s store. 
 
 
 
Chapter 31
The Next Step
 
 
Staring into the house, Cole said, “I didn’t really think that would work. It probably wouldn’t have if this door had been replaced in the last decade.” 
“Feel free to leave them a note about having a new door installed,” I said. “I’m sure they’d love to get some security suggestions from the kids who broke into their house.”
 Cole ignored my mocking and kept staring at the glass door. It was a little disturbing how easy it was to get it open. I was suddenly glad my old house was built before sliding glass doors became commonplace. 
“If we ever find Daniel, you can make the suggestion yourself,” Cole said sarcastically. “Can we go inside now? I’d rather not stand out here where some busybody might see us.” 
Stepping into the empty house, I was impressed enough to forget that I should have been nervous for a moment. The house was probably around twenty years old, but it could have passed for newly built. The kitchen sported professional appliances and dark granite countertops that matched perfectly with the cabinetry. The living room looked as if it hadn’t seen a guest in years. I was amazed by how clean and crisp everything was. It looked like a home in a magazine rather than one people actually lived in. 
Cole wandered through the house, indifferent to the finery. He was more used to this type of living than I was. A sudden clicking noise from the refrigerator’s cooling system made him jump. He ran a hand through his hair trying to cover it up. I let him. I was really just glad that he didn’t notice me jump as well. For a moment, I had thought there was somebody else in the house. I hadn’t even considered that there might be. The fact that we were snooping through a stranger’s house finally hit me. My hands were twitching anxiously as I tried to decide what to do next. 
“The bedrooms are probably down the hall,” Cole said pointing away from the kitchen. 
I followed him back. Both of us peeked nervously into doorways as we went deeper into the house, hoping we weren’t about to surprise someone. Luckily, they were all empty. After passing what looked like a study, then a guest bedroom, we found Daniel’s room. Feeling slightly more relaxed now that we knew house was empty for sure, we stepped in. 
Whoever kept the rest of the house in such tight order was obviously not allowed in Daniel’s room. Clothes were piled in the bottom of the closet and various other places around the room. The smell said they were not clean. Various electronics and controllers were scattered over a desk meant for, but not likely used for, doing homework. The blankets from his bed were pulled halfway off, lying twisted at the end of the bed. 
“How are we supposed to find anything in here?” Cole complained. 
“Do you see a computer anywhere?” I asked. 
I wasn’t that interested in social media or any of that, but I thought it was safe to assume Daniel was. Shoving a pile of clothing off a corner of the desk, I saw the angular, sliver lines of a laptop. Opening the lid gently, I pressed the power button and waited for it to boot up. Cole moved behind me to watch the screen as well. His position let him keep an eye out the window too. 
The chime of the operating system blared through the speakers. Pressing the volume button, I turned the speakers down almost completely before opening a web browser. “Click that icon,” Cole said. 
I clicked on the button and Daniel’s Facebook page filled the screen. His grinning photo filled my vision. I stared at his insipid smile as my stomach roiled with distaste. I finally knew what he looked like. It was a bittersweet victory. Peeling my eyes away from him, I scanned the rest of the page. Pictures of his friends and their exploits dotted the rest of the timeline. Every photo of Daniel had a different girl on his arm. I shook my head. This was supposed to be Claire’s Twin Soul? 
He was nothing like her. He looked like one of those TV show playboys who never grew up and ended up bouncing around rehab centers as an adult. Okay, maybe that was a little harsh, but just looking at the pictures made me mad enough to want to chuck the computer across the room. There was no way this was the guy who was going to swoop in and steal Claire away from me. Absolutely no way. I stared at the pictures of Daniel and couldn’t help picturing him with Claire. It just seemed so wrong. 
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” I said. “There’s no way Claire would fall for that guy. Look at him. He’s a total ingrate.” 
He seemed so average, too. His blond hair and blue eyes, his build, his height, his trendy appearance, they were all completely unremarkable to me. Although Claire might disagree, I certainly didn’t think of myself as outstanding, in looks or otherwise, but I was what she wanted, not this boy. His arms couldn’t wrap around her and protect her like mine could. His kiss wouldn’t draw the contented sigh from her that mine did. Claire and I had shared too much for this kid to steal it all away. 
“Yeah, he really doesn’t seem like someone she’d go for,” Cole said. It was what I wanted to hear, but something about the way he said it pricked my ear. It seemed half-hearted, like he was only saying it make me feel better. 
“What?” I asked. “You think I’m wrong?” 
Cole shrugged and tried to pass off my question, but I waited. “It’s not that I think you’re wrong, exactly, but you’ve really only known Claire since you two have been dating. She’s changed a lot since you two hooked up.” 
“Not that much,” I said quietly. 
Sure, Claire cared less about her popularity than she once did, but I knew she was always more than people thought she was. With me, she felt comfortable showing her true self. That was what I had always believed. She didn’t change for me, or because of me. At least, I didn’t think she had. 
Shaking away Cole’s words, I told myself that regardless of whether I was right or he was, Claire was nothing like Daniel anymore. She would see through his charm and swagger. She had to. 
“She’s nothing like him,” I said. 
Cole didn’t respond. 
I had to focus and get out of the Harding’s house. Ignoring the multitude of obnoxious pictures, I forced myself to turn to his rambling postings. The last status update read, “I’m outta here. See you guys in three weeks!” I scanned through the previous posts, looking for a clue as to where he had gone. After a few pointless comments on what some of his friends were doing, and what girl he was chasing that week, he made an offhanded comment about a summer camp he was going to. 
“Summer camp?” I scoffed. “I didn’t realize seventeen-year-olds still went to summer camp. I thought most kids outgrew that by ten.” 
“You couldn’t pay me to go to summer camp,” Cole said, “even if I were a ten-year-old girl. Macramé and campfire songs aren’t really my thing.” 
I scrolled down the page looking for a name for the little kid summer camp Daniel was attending. My irritation and anger kept building the longer I sat there reading his babble. I knew I was probably being too tough on this complete stranger, but I didn’t really care. It was possible that he was going as a counselor, not a camper, but judging by the superficial attitude his status updates had shown, I doubted he would be interested in mentoring young children. 
“Wait, there it is,” Cole said, knocking my hand away from the mouse and scrolling back up the page. “Southwest Youth Expeditions.” 
Typing the name into a search engine, the company’s homepage loaded immediately. Pictures of teens rock climbing, white water rafting, hiking, and camping dotted the website. I read through the descriptions of what the camp had to offer. Some of my mocking and irritation faded, but only a small part of it. I had to admit it was impressive. There wasn’t a single mention of singing, or arts and crafts. 
“Well, I guess it doesn’t look as bad as I thought it would,” I said. 
“I would definitely go to that camp,” Cole agreed. “Does it say where it is?” 
I scrolled all the way down to the bottom of the page. Centered under the last paragraph was the camp’s location. “Roosevelt, Arizona,” I read. “At least he’s still in Arizona. I was afraid he’d be roasting marshmallows in Colorado or Montana. Do you have any idea where Roosevelt is?” 
Cole shook his head. 
I quickly typed in the address of the camp into the maps search with Tucson as our starting point. After a quick second, the map was displayed with driving directions. “Three and a half hours away. North,” I groaned. Cole winced. I had been hoping for something that would be on our way back to San Juan, not further away. Shifting a few more piles of clothes, I looked for a printer, but couldn’t find one. 
Tugging a scrap of paper out from under a stack of game cases, I found a pen in the top drawer of the desk and hastily scribbled down the directions. I folded the paper and stuffed it into my back pocket. I stood up and saw Cole replacing a push pen on the corkboard mounted above the desk. The board was plastered with snapshots and notes that had to have been from girls, judging by the heart shaped dots over the “I’s”. 
“What are you doing?” I asked Cole. 
Flipping a small photo toward me, Cole said, “It’s a picture of Daniel. I thought we might need a reminder of what he looks like if we’re going to have to track him down.” 
I nodded, glad that Cole had thought of it, and even more glad to see it go into his pocket where I wouldn’t have to look at it. Getting to know Daniel by going through his things and looking at his profile added a little more to my hope that Claire would not fall madly in love with him as soon as he woke her, despite what Cole had said. There was nothing about him Claire would find in the least bit appealing. 
Closing the laptop lid when the screen finally went blank, I stood up from the desk and said, “Let’s get out of here before someone comes back.” 
“Sounds good to me,” Cole agreed, already on his way out of the room. I was right behind him. We had been there too long already. 
 
 
 
Chapter 32
Fading
 
 
The drive north was rather uneventful, until we reached Phoenix. The metropolis was astounding. Cole had been to Phoenix before, but I had never been anywhere bigger than Albuquerque. Despite Cole’s limited experience with driving in big cities, he was still just as nervous as I was to drive through the winding freeway system that ran through Phoenix. The traffic flow bounced between barely moving, and flying past exits, with no apparent reason for the inconsistency. 
I was relieved when we finally saw our exit and started heading away from the clamoring city. As we reached the outskirts of the Phoenix metropolis, Cole’s voice broke the tension filled silence over the headsets. 
“We should stop and get something to eat. Who knows what we’ll find after we leave the city.” 
Thinking of food woke up my stomach and sent it growling. I wanted to keep driving and get to Daniel as fast as possible, but I was starving. Passing out from low blood sugar while driving a motorcycle wouldn’t lead to anything good. 
“Yeah, okay,” I said grudgingly. I started searching the roadside for somewhere we could stop. The big yellow star of a Carl’s Jr. Restaurant drew me in. I loved their ridiculously huge and messy burgers. San Juan didn’t have a Carl’s Jr. “Let’s stop in there,” I said pointing to the sign. Cole nodded eagerly. 
We pulled up to the restaurant, the heat rippling above the black asphalt. It frustrated me that we needed to stop when Claire was waiting for us, but I wasn’t used to the intensity of the Arizona heat. Two hours of riding unprotected under the glaring sun had sapped my strength. As Cole climbed off his bike, beads of sweat rolled out from under his helmet. 
“I really hope they have air conditioning,” Cole said. 
I had to agree with him. Tucking my helmet under my arm, I pulled the restaurant door open. My shoulders slumped in relief as a blast of cold air hit me. Cole was right behind me. 
“Thank goodness,” he said. 
We ordered our meals and sat waiting with the plastic triangle indicating our order number sitting on the end of the table. “How much longer?” Cole asked. 
After taking a long drink from my soda, I said, “About another hour and a half.” 
“I wish the sun would go down,” Cole complained. “I can’t stand this heat. It’s so much worse than San Juan. We road by one of those signs that tell you the temperature a while ago. One hundred and two. I hope Roosevelt’s cooler.” 
“So do I.” 
A teenage girl approached our table carrying our order. She set the tray down with a smile and said, “Enjoy your meal, guys. Just let me know if you need anything else.” 
“Thanks,” I mumbled before grabbing my burger and unwrapping it. The hot sandwich smelled delicious, but reminded me of the heat waiting for us outside. My growling stomach outweighed every other thought, though. I took a bite, looking up when I heard Cole laugh. “What’s so funny?” 
“That girl couldn’t stop staring at you,” he said. 
“What girl?” I asked. 
“The one who brought the food, you idiot. She keeps looking over here,” Cole said. 
I glanced behind me to the ordering counter. The girl caught my gaze and grinned. Cole, always friendly to a pretty girl, lifted his hand and waved in her direction. The cashier standing next to the girl elbowed her and they both erupted into giggles. 
“I think she was looking at you, man,” I said. I was not in the mood. Cole could waste time getting girls’ numbers some other time. 
“She wasn’t looking at me when she stood at the table drooling over you a few seconds ago. You didn’t even notice she was still standing there when you started eating your burger,” Cole said. 
“Cole, would you just eat your food? I want to get out of here sometime today. We’re not in Phoenix for the fun of it, remember?” I said, trying to guilt him into focusing. 
Cole took the wrapper off his sandwich and started eating, but the smile remained. “You really didn’t notice her?” he asked between bites. 
“Why would I?” I asked, stuffing a few French fries into my mouth. 
“Why? Because she was obviously really interested in you, and she’s pretty hot. She looked like she was trying really hard to think of a good reason to ask you for your number,” he said. 
I shrugged. 
“You really don’t care?” 
“Cole, I’m with Claire. I don’t care what anyone else thinks about me,” I said. I was almost finished with my meal, while Cole had barely taken three bites. I swore to myself that I would leave him behind if he didn’t pick up the pace. 
Cole just shook his head at me and dug into his burger. 
“Did you mean what you said back at Daniel’s house?” I asked. “About Claire being different than she used to be?” 
Setting his burger down, Cole looked over at me. “Look, Uriah, I didn’t mean anything by it. Don’t worry. We both know Claire loves you more than anything. She’s never been as happy as she’s been since you two started dating.” 
“But what did you mean? Can you honestly picture Claire with someone like Daniel?” 
His fingers tapped up and down on the table as he considered his answer. My teeth ground together as I waited. I needed to know. 
“If Claire had never starting dating you,” Cole started, “then, yes, Daniel would be exactly who I’d picture her ending up with.” 
“You can’t really…” 
Cole didn’t let me finish. “Uriah, I know you like to think that you knew Claire so well before you two got together, but you really didn’t. You watched her from a distance. You didn’t really know her. Sure, you knew that she was pretty, outgoing, and a nice person, but you didn’t really know what she was like.
“Claire complained about the way the other kids used her friendship to get stuff, but she was fine with it because she enjoyed being the most popular girl in school. She lives in jeans and t-shirts now, because she likes hanging out on the ranch with you, but she and my mom used to go shopping every weekend for new clothes. She never wore the same thing twice. Claire spent more time trying on clothes every morning than I do in a month. And you have no idea how much time she spent on her hair and makeup. 
“And when it came to boys, Claire had a string of eager guys she led around by her pinky. Sure, she was only sixteen when you two started hanging out, but she could manipulate guys like a pro by the time she was ten. Guys would do whatever she wanted. She knew she was pretty and she took full advantage of that.” 
I huffed at Cole’s spiel. He had to be being overdramatic. I would have noticed Claire acting like that. 
Seeing that I didn’t believe him, Cole said, “Claire went an entire semester in sixth grade without doing her own homework once. She would smile and ask a guy to come over after school and help her with her homework, and they would do it for her. She only stopped because I told on her.” 
“Cole, there’s no way Claire was like that. She’s one of the most honest people I know. She’s the first to help when anyone needs it. I’ve never seen her manipulate someone like that,” I argued. 
“She doesn’t act like that anymore because of you, Uriah. My dad teased and manipulated Claire from the time she was a baby. I think she just thought that if my dad could do it to her, she could do it to other people too,” Cole said. “Hanging out with you changed her. She told me once that she felt different around you. You made her feel like she was special for who she really was, not for what she looked like or what she had. You made her see herself for the first time, and I guess she didn’t really like what she saw and decided to change.” 
The other girls at school, I never really paid that much attention to them through grade school, because I was always too focused on Claire. As we got older, I saw the way some of them used each other and did whatever they thought would benefit them the most. Thinking of Claire as one of them was too bizarre to comprehend. I had never seen that side of her. How could there be this whole other part of her I had no idea even existed? I really didn’t think I could have been that blind before. 
“Look,” Cole said, “I’m not saying Claire was this horrible person before she met you, because she wasn’t. She’s always been a sweet girl, but she was definitely a lot more self-absorbed back then. If she had never gotten to know you, she would probably still be obsessed with clothes and hair and dating just like Daniel seems to be. But she did meet you. Whatever Claire used to be like, she isn’t that same person anymore. That’s what’s really important. Claire loves you, Uriah. Just focus on that right now. It’s all you can really do.” 
Claire did love me. I knew that. The rest of my life had been flipped on its head, but I at least still knew that for sure. She loved me, and I loved her. Nothing else mattered right then. I couldn’t let it matter. I had to stay focused. There were too many other things to worry about than whether or not Claire used to be as superficial as Daniel was. 
“You know, when I called my mom, she said Claire was all right, but…then she said something about how Claire will start fading even faster the longer she had to wait.” Those words had been bothering me all day. With everything else, they got pushed to the back of my mind, but having a quiet moment to think sent them right back to the front. “What do you think she meant by that?” 
Cole shrugged, but it wasn't with his usual careless attitude. It was slow and thoughtful. “I don’t know,” he said. 
“It sounds like she’s fading already, doesn’t it? I mean, she can’t start fading faster if she isn’t already showing signs of…something.” 
Cole’s chewing slowed as he thought. 
“She’s already dying, isn’t she?” I said. 
“No, man, I’m sure she’s fine,” Cole said. He was less than convincing. “Sophia’s there. She’ll take care of her.” 
“I don’t know, Cole. The way my mom said it, it didn’t sound good.” It sounded like she was hiding something from me. 
“Uriah,” Cole said, waiting for me to look at him before continuing, “whether something is already happening to Claire or not, you have to stay focused. The only thing we can do for Claire is what we’re already doing. We’re going to find Daniel. We’re going to save Claire. Just stay focused, okay?” 
I nodded and looked away. I knew we were doing everything we could, but it still felt like it wasn’t enough. I finished off the last of my fries and waited for Cole to do the same. A few foot-tapping minutes later, Cole finally crumpled his wrappers and tossed them back on the tray. “It’s about time,” I grumbled. 
Cole snorted and grabbed his helmet off the bench. We left the restaurant, but not before Cole felt the need to smile and wave at the two giggling girls one more time. I stalked back to my bike, trying not to let my frustration get the better of me. Cole was a good friend, and had already proven extremely helpful.  
“So, you know where we’re going?” Cole asked. 
I took the poorly drawn map and driving directions out of my back pocket. The lack of details made it pretty easily to follow, and most likely completely useless, but the driving directions I had copied verbatim. “We’re already on highway eighty-seven, so we’ll just follow this until we reach Forest Road 26, which will take us to highway one eighty-eight. One eighty-eight goes right into Roosevelt.” 
Cole nodded and settled himself back on his motorcycle. I stared at the directions in my hands. It all seemed so simple on paper. Drive to Roosevelt, get Daniel, take him back to Claire. Getting Daniel, I still had no idea about how to accomplish that, but not even the driving part was easy. I was waiting and watching for the creature to reappear. I had no illusions that we were rid of him. 
The help the mountain lion had promised was definitely there, keeping an eye out for me and reporting in every few miles. So far none of them had seen any sign of the beast. All I could do was hope our luck would hold out a little longer. I, at least, wanted to reach Daniel before facing the creature again. If I died trying to fight that thing, which seemed likely, I wanted to have found Daniel and sent him on his way to Claire. I had already failed Claire once by not stopping her father. I couldn’t fail her again. 
“Uriah,” Cole said, snapping me out of my dark thoughts, “we’re almost there. Just another couple hours and we’ll find Daniel. It’s going to be okay.” 
I appreciated his serious tone. No matter how laid back Cole was, I knew he wouldn’t let Claire down either. “Let’s get going,” I said. 
Driving out of the city felt good. As the houses disappeared, the animals multiplied. Their reports reassured me. We drove in silence for the first few minutes, my thoughts focused on the search for Daniel. We were only going to a summer camp, but that didn’t mean getting Daniel out was going to be easy. A compound full of thrill seekers could present a challenge. Cole’s bike pulled up alongside mine, drawing my attention. 
Our conversation back in the restaurant both bothered me and reassured me. Just talking to him and getting some of what I was thinking off my chest felt good. I was sure my head would have exploded a while ago without someone to talk to. Having him along was actually a huge relief. I was surprised by how helpful he had turned out to be, too. What we were heading into would test us both, though. I would face whatever I had to in order to help Claire. Was Cole ready for what we might face next? 
 
 
 
Chapter 33
Daniel
 
 
The sprawling campus of Southwest Youth Expeditions stretched out before us an hour and a half later. Located north of Roosevelt, near the Salt River, the summer camp took up several acres. Excited looking teens milled around the grounds, some hauling rafts, some ready to go swimming, others carrying hiking packs. Cole and I watched the dozens of campers, wondering how we were going to find Daniel. 
“Any thoughts on how to get this kid away from camp?” Cole asked. I still didn’t have an answer for him. “’Cause I’m sticking with my earlier plan if you don’t come up with something better,” Cole said. 
I waited a few seconds until my irritation leveled off. “I think it’s a little more complicated, now, don’t you? It’s not just a matter of getting him away from his parents for a few days, anymore. He’s going to have camp counselors looking after him and doing bed checks at night. We’ve got to come up with a believable excuse to get him away from here.” 
“The only way they’d let him go would be for some kind of family emergency,” Cole said. 
“But they’d probably call his parents to make sure we weren’t lying,” I reminded him. “We need something that won’t involve his parents. Maybe he can fake sick.” 
“For the whole weekend?” 
“Maybe. Do you have a better idea?” I asked. 
“I guess not, but we still have to convince him to come with us. I think playing to his hormones is the best plan. I know you don’t like it, Uriah, but aside from outright kidnapping him, I don’t see any other likely options,” Cole said. 
There was one other option. 
I remained quiet. In the hours we had spent driving, I hadn’t been able to come up with anything better. There was just no good way to try to convince Daniel to run off with two total strangers. I hated to admit it, but Cole was right. I knew he was right the first time he mentioned it. Claire would hate the idea of us using her looks, but it had to be done. Even she couldn’t be too upset under the circumstances. 
“For it to work, you can’t tell him Claire’s your fiancée. You’re just a concerned friend,” Cole said. 
I closed my eyes for a second. Most of the guys around San Juan were pretty carful about how they talked about Claire, at least around me, but I had still heard some of the things they said about her, about her looks and body. Even remembering some of their comments made my anger spike. I was supposed to sit back and pretend I didn’t care when Daniel talked about my fiancée? I knew he would. Judging from all the girls featured on his wall, Daniel’s respect for women was lacking. 
“Can you handle that, Uriah?” Cole asked. 
He had seen me react to crude comments about Claire a few times. He thought it was funny at the time when I slammed a guy against the wall in the locker room for saying exactly what he wanted to do to Claire that weekend, but I doubted he would even crack a smile if I hit Daniel for the same thing. 
“I can handle it if I have to,” I said tightly. 
“Good,” Cole said.
I doubted he believed me. I didn’t really believe myself. I would try, but there was no guarantee I wouldn’t deck Daniel if he got out of hand. 
“Well, we can’t just sit here. I guess we can try to blend in and look for him,” I said. 
“It’s better than sitting here staring at everyone,” Cole agreed. 
Watching as a camp bus pulled up to the entrance, I nudged Cole and pointed at the bus. Campers started piling off the bus, laden with camping gear. Shouldering our backpacks to look like we had just returned from a long hike as well, Cole and I walked through the low brush and joined the groups of returning campers. Cole took the picture of Daniel out of his pocket, but I didn’t need to see it. Daniel’s face was etched into my memory. I searched very face we passed for his obnoxious smile. 
We stalked the grounds with no luck, avoiding anyone who looked like a counselor. “He must be out climbing or something still,” I said. A shrill ringing sounded over the area. “What was that?” 
We watched as the campers abandoned whatever they were doing and started heading for a large rectangular building. Shrugging, Cole started to follow the throng. I was only a step behind him. The empty courtyard in front of the building began to fill quickly. The pushing to get inside intensified as more and more teens arrived. The double doors of the building sprung open, sending rolling waves of delicious aromas out over the waiting crowd. 
“It must be dinner time,” Cole observed. 
I searched the faces more carefully. Daniel should show up as well. After a day filled with whitewater rafting, or kayaking, or whatever they had been doing, no teenage boy was likely to miss out on a good meal. I moved away from the doors to get a better view of the crowd. Boys jostled each other while girls huddled in tight circles, giggling and pointing. I walked along the line taking in their faces. 
The line moved forward slowly. I was nearing the end of the line when a group of boys came crashing around the corner. Bumping into the last few people in line, they doled out laughing apologies. The girls they ran into only laughed in return. The leader of the group of guys didn’t turn away from the girls. The young woman closest to him smiled shyly. He stepped around his friends so he could stand next to her. His face turned in my direction as he moved. 
His smile was cool and relaxed, and a perfect match for the one I had seen on Daniel’s picture. “Cole,” I hissed. “Cole, I found him.” 
Cutting off his own search, Cole walked over to me casually. He glanced toward where I was staring, then down at the photo in his hand, and nodded. 
“That’s him.” 
Daniel was getting closer to the building. 
“Should we go now?” Cole asked. 
Approaching him in front of his friends didn’t seem like the best idea, but letting him disappear into the building and hoping to find him again later seemed even worse. I didn’t want to go into the dining hall and risk running into a camp counselor. These kids had already been here for two weeks. The counselors would probably realize we didn’t belong, and make sure we left without bothering anyone. 
Taking a deep breath, I said, “Let’s go.” 
Walking slowly so we didn’t draw any unwanted attention, Cole and I crossed the stretch of gravel between us and Daniel. Daniel moved forward, only a few feet from the double doors. Cole glanced at me and quickened his pace. I matched his step. Stepping up to the doors, Daniel glanced behind himself, looking for his friends and seeing us instead. His face lost its casualness. 
I pictured what we must have looked like, half running toward him, most likely panicked looks on our faces. I consciously made an effort to slow down and attempted to smile. Cole must have had the same notion. Still, Daniel looked at the doors to the dining hall. He looked as though he were trying to decide whether or not we were dangerous. 
“Excuse me, Daniel?” Cole’s voice was calm and even. I quickly decided to let Cole do the talking. 
“Yeah. Who are you?” he asked, his body still perched halfway through the doorway. “I haven’t seen you around here before.” 
Bringing himself up short of Daniel by several feet, Cole offered his hand and said, “Hi, Daniel, my name is Cole Brant and this is my friend, Uriah Crowe.” 
Daniel squinted, searching his mind. He seemed to wonder whether the information should mean something to him. His friends walked around him and through the doors, saying they would save him a spot. “What do you want?” Daniel asked. 
“We were just wondering if we could speak to you about a mutual friend for a minute,” Cole said. 
Amazed at how cool he was staying, I kept quiet. I was about to stuff my sweating palms into my jeans pockets when I remembered the strand of hair. I quickly lowered my hands, not wanting to touch the strand in Daniel’s presence. 
“What’s this friend’s name?” 
“Her name’s Claire Brant,” Cole said. 
“She your sister or something?” he asked Cole. 
Cole nodded calmly. 
“Well, I’ve never heard of her. You must have me confused with someone else.” 
Daniel moved closer to the door, one foot crossing the threshold. I quickly pulled my wallet from my back pocket and snatched Claire’s picture out of its usual place. 
“Maybe if you saw a picture of her,” I suggested, holding the photo up for him to see. 
Controlling the impulse to shred the picture before Daniel had a chance to look at it, I thought of Claire collapsing again. I would do whatever it took to bring this boy to her. Daniel shrugged and turned away from the door. He took the picture from my fingers. Every inch of my body was poised, ready to identify even the slightest hint of the Twin Soul bond forming. 
“She’s pretty,” Daniel said. It was a casual comment, but the way his grip tightened on the picture was a clear sign there was something more hiding behind his feigned indifference. His next words were an obvious lie. “I don’t think I know her.” 
The idea that he somehow recognized Claire was agonizing, but I knew I had to test just how far the recognition went. I snatched the picture out of his hand, watching his reaction closely. “If you don’t recognize her…” 
A strange expression came over Daniel’s face. Fear, maybe, or desperation. He reached for the picture, but I held it tight. His desperation increased. 
“Uriah,” Cole warned under his breath, misinterpreting my intention. 
Daniel tugged on the picture. “Wait, let me see it again.”
 I released the photo slowly. This time Daniel took his time, his eyes drinking in every detail of my beautiful Claire’s face. Bile rose in my stomach. I had to turn away and take a deep breath. 
“I’m sure I’ve never met her before,” Daniel said. His voice had a sad, wistful quality to it. He had never met her, but there was clearly a connection. “There’s something…” 
“Are you sure you don’t know her?” Cole prompted. “She sent us to find you specifically. You are Daniel Harding, aren’t you?” 
“Yeah, but,” Daniel started, “how would she even know my name?” 
His eyes were still glued to the picture. The restraint it took not to rip it out of his hands again was tremendous. Knowing I would be putting Claire in danger held me back. Cole stepped forward just enough to bring himself between Daniel and me, obviously sensing my struggle. 
“Why would she send you to find me? My number’s in the phone book. She could have just called my parents and told them what she needed,” Daniel said. The look on his face said he was once again considering jumping through the door and finding a counselor. 
“Claire’s in trouble,” Cole explained. “She’s been hurt very badly. She may not live.” 
The concern on Daniel’s face was alarmingly intense. His hand gripped the door frame more tightly than before. The movement set me on edge. 
“She asked us to find you and bring you back to her because she believes you can help her,” Cole said. 
Cole’s words were dangerously close to the truth. If Daniel’s curiosity provoked questions, it would be very hard to answer them without words like potions, visions, and Twin Souls slipping out. 
“How could I help her? What happened?” 
“I’m not exactly sure how Claire thinks you might be able to help her,” Cole lied, dodging Daniel’s second question entirely. “We had to leave quickly to find you. There wasn’t enough time for questions. All we know is that we were sent to find you. We had to move fast, Daniel. Claire doesn’t have much time left.” 
Daniel’s body looked ready to explode with tension, but he wasn’t giving in quite yet. “So, you just expect me to come with you, just because Claire told you I could help her? There’s no way the camp counselors will let me take off with two strangers without permission from my parents, and I have a feeling that’s not going to happen, either,” Daniel said, although his voice was thick with concern for Claire. 
The objection that the counselors or his parents wouldn’t let him leave with us caught my ear. He wasn’t saying that he didn’t want to go, just that he didn’t want the trouble he would get into if he left with us. I felt nothing like the spectacular connection my mother had spoken of, but his reactions to Claire’s picture and injury were clear signs that he felt compelled to find Claire. Guilt and need struggled for dominance of my emotions. 
I might be able to shorten the discussion up if I could just tell him to come with me. Cole nodded for me to try. I seemed to be losing my touch lately, but I tried any way. “Daniel, you have to come with us to save Claire.” 
He balked. “I don’t have to go anywhere with you. For all I know, you’re lying through your teeth so you can murder me for sport. I’ll go if want to.” 
So much for that. Cole shrugged. I tried, at least. When I needed this freakish ability most lately, I couldn’t make it work. It wasn’t love, this time. It had better not be love yet. Something kept Daniel from hopping on the back of our bikes. Maybe it had something to do with him already being in the hold of the Twin Soul bond, even as tenuous as it still was. That would certainly figure. 
“Where is she?” Daniel asked suddenly. 
Cole faltered for a split second. This might be what brought us back to the question of kidnapping. 
“New Mexico. We’re from small a town north of Santa Fe,” Cole replied. 
I braced myself for his reaction. 
“You guys drove all the way here from New Mexico? Just to find me? You must really be serious about this…or completely nuts.” 
His voice was still a little incredulous, but Cole and I sighed in relief. The problem with kidnapping was that we were riding motorcycles. It would be nearly impossible to control a captive while trying to keep the bike upright and moving. Plus, I was still hoping to avoid involving the police. We had been lucky so far with that, and I didn’t want to tempt fate any more than absolutely necessary. 
“Yes, we did drive all the way here from New Mexico,” Cole said. “Will you come with us?” 
Daniel rubbed his forehead and stared at the noisy dining hall. “Maybe you guys should come in for a minute,” he said. 
I spoke up quickly. “We’d rather not attract your counselor’s attention since we’re not really supposed to be here.” 
“I doubt they’d notice,” Cole said, “but I am hungry. Wait here so I can grab some food and then we can go back to my cabin.” 
“Just hurry,” I said. “Claire doesn’t have much time.” 
Daniel’s face paled visibly as he nodded and ducked into the dining hall. 
 
 
 
Chapter 34
More Alone


Cole paced next to the dining hall door while I wondered how long it was going to take before we were back on the road. Daniel walked into the chaotic room and made a beeline to the serving counter. I was glad to see he didn’t stop to talk with any more girls. Daniel gathered his food quickly and was coming back out of the hall within a few minutes. 
“Just follow me,” he said. The march across the campus was quiet. 
Leading us into his rustic looking, but well-built cabin, Daniel pulled a soda from a miniature fridge and held it up, a silent question to us. Cole and I both shook our heads. Daniel popped the can open and set it on the night stand next to his bed. He sat on the narrow wooden bed while Cole and I remained standing. His tray of food on his lap, Daniel took a bite, speaking in between each mouthful. 
“It’s not that I don’t want to help you guys, it’s just that my parents will freak out if I suddenly disappear from camp and they have the counselors calling them in a panic.” His expression made it clear he really did want to help us, very much. 
“Do you think it would help if we talked to them and explained the situation?” Cole asked. Daniel and I both stared at him sharply. 
“I seriously doubt it,” Daniel said. 
Cole merely shrugged. 
“Don’t you have any friends here?” I asked. 
Daniel started at the sound of my voice. It was the first time since he emerged from the dining hall that I had spoken to him, and the urgency in my voice made it hard and too loud. 
“Of course I have friends here,” Daniel said, obviously offended by my words. “What does that matter?” 
Surely, he wasn’t that naïve. I was pretty far from being called a troublemaker or a bad influence, but even I knew most teens often used their friends to cover for them when they needed to get away from their parents for a while. Realization suddenly dawned on Daniel’s face. 
“Oh,” he said. “I could probably talk Clay into covering for me. How long will we be gone?” 
I had also gotten directions from Roosevelt back to San Juan off the internet before leaving Daniel’s house. If we could leave in the next few minutes, we would get back to San Juan late, but the eight-and-a-half-hour drive was doable. I wasn’t sure how long it would take for Daniel to administer the antidote, but I intended to have him out the door immediately afterward. “We can have you back tomorrow night.” 
“Or the day after,” Cole amended. 
“So, before Monday morning for sure, right?” 
“Yes,” I said. 
Cole agreed tentatively. 
Daniel nodded his head slowly, a slight smile playing on his lips. “Maybe I can go with you guys. This is the last weekend of camp. We have the weekend free to do whatever we want, so missing activities won’t be a problem. I’ll just need someone to make excuses for me if anyone asks.” 
The picture of Claire was still in his hand. He held it up again. A pained look flashed across his features and I knew he was thinking of the beautiful girl in pain and dying. 
“Okay. This might work. Let me call my friend real quick. Only the counselors are supposed to have cell phones but Clay snuck his in to call his girlfriend every night.” 
Setting his empty tray aside, Daniel grabbed a cordless phone off the nightstand. He punched in the number quickly and waited impatiently. Almost a full minute passed before he hung up in frustration and tried the number again. This time someone answered. 
“Hey, are you not taking my calls anymore?” Daniel asked. His voice was completely casual again. 
I could hear the low mumble of his friend’s response, but couldn’t make out the words. 
“Yeah, yeah, save your excuses. Hey, I have a favor to ask.” 
More mumbling. 
“I need you to cover for me this weekend.” Daniel paused, looking at Claire’s picture again. “I need to take off for a few days. I have something to take care of. Okay?” 
There was silence on the other end before the indecipherable speaking began again. 
“Well, there’s this girl, and…” 
The laughter was easy to hear. Daniel’s face broke into a rueful smile. No doubt his friend had something much different in mind than what was really happening. 
“Thanks, Clay. I owe you big time for this. Later.” 
Even cool and confident Cole looked relieved. I was itching to get out of this kid’s cabin and on my way back home to Claire. 
“Now all I have to do is check in with my parents before they call looking for me,” Daniel said. Dialing again he waited for his mother to answer. 
“Hey, Mom. I just wanted to call and check in with you, let you know I’m doing okay.” 
His mother’s voice was a pleasant hum compared to Clay’s braying laughter. 
“Yeah, it’s been great so far. I went kayaking today with Clay and Donny. It’s our free weekend this weekend, so Clay and I are going to be out for the next couple days. He wants to hang out and blow off some steam, maybe take some four wheelers out into the hills or go water skiing over at Roosevelt Lake,” Daniel said. “I just wanted to let you know what we’d be doing just in case I don’t get the chance to call you again before Monday.” 
I could hardly tell he was lying, but I hoped his mother wasn’t paying very close attention. Mothers could usually tell when their kids were being dishonest. 
Daniel listened to his mother for a few more seconds before a questioning look formed on his face. “They stopped by the house?” he asked. His mom said something else then he spoke again. “No, I know Cole and Uriah, Mom. Yeah, I met them at the skate park. Don’t worry about it. I’ll call them when I get back.” 
Staring at us with a slightly suspicious look again, Daniel wrapped up his conversation with his mom. “I love you too, Mom. I’ll see you guys next weekend. Just leave a message at the front desk if you need to get a hold of me this weekend.” 
After a quick exchange of goodbyes, Daniel set the phone down. Turning back to us with a sigh of relief, Daniel clapped his hands together. “Well, that’s taken care of.” 
Taken care of. He said it as if he actually thought everything was fine now. If only he had any idea what we were still facing. It was a good thing he didn’t know or he never would have agreed to come. Cole watched me thoughtfully. My thoughts must have been showing again. Wanting to keep my fears to myself for the moment, I smoothed my expression. Cole raised an eyebrow at the change in my features, but said nothing. 
“You guys went to my house?” Daniel asked. 
Cole nodded carefully. “You thought we knew you were at camp when we left New Mexico? Of course we went by your house first.” 
He didn’t think to ask how going to his house led us to Roosevelt, thankfully. If he would have, it probably would’ve led to him wondering why his mom would tell us where he was. It was a good thing he wasn’t thinking very hard at the moment. 
“Let me grab some clothes and we can get going,” Daniel said, forgetting the exchange. He slid Claire’s picture into his back pocket as he walked past me. I stifled a pang of agony at losing the picture and shoved my hands into my pockets. 
Just as my fingers touched the strand of hair, Daniel’s step faltered. His gaze turned back to me, eyebrows knitted together in confusion. Panic swept over me. He had felt something when I touched the scrap of hair. Snapping my hands out of my pockets, I folded them over my chest and attempted to lean against the wall casually. Daniel shook off the odd feeling and began walking again. 
“Make sure you put everything in a backpack, Daniel. Neither of us has room on our bikes for your stuff,” Cole said. 
“By bikes, you mean motorcycles, right?” Daniel asked. 
“No, we rode to Arizona on our mountain bikes,” I said sarcastically. “Of course they’re motorcycles.” 
Unbothered by my hot retort, Daniel lips turned up in a smile. “Nice. My mom won’t let me have a motorcycle. She thinks I’ll kill myself.” 
“She’s probably right,” I said under my breath.
Cole gave me warning look. We needed Daniel. 
“Just hurry up, Daniel. We need to get going.” 
“Right, right,” Daniel said, bounding into the bathroom. I wondered if we had mentioned the motorcycles earlier, we could have been out of there sooner. 
“Be nice to the kid, Uriah. I know you’re worried about losing Claire to him, but I’m more concerned with whether she lives right now than who she marries,” Cole said. 
The edge to his voice surprised me. Cole rarely spoke harshly with anyone. His words brought on a heavy dose of guilt. My face must have given away my emotions again. 
“Don’t get me wrong, Uriah, I’d rather have you as a brother-in-law than Daniel any day. Just remember what’s at stake.” 
I knew he was right. I wasn’t the only person in Claire’s life. There was no doubt in my mind that saving her life was more important than saving our love. 
“I’ll be nice,” I said quietly. I turned toward the little window hovering above Daniel’s bed. The look on Cole’s face was too full of pity for me to look at him. 
Daniel emerged from the bathroom, eagerness to get the adventure underway showing plainly on his face. “You guys ready?” he asked. 
Biting the inside of my cheek, I turned back to Cole. With a forced smile, I said, “Just waiting on you, kid.” 
“You know, Uriah,” Daniel said with a laugh, “you aren’t that much older than me. You’re what, twenty or something?” 
Cole rolled his eyes and shoved Daniel toward the door. Daniel pushed out into the courtyard and we hurried across the empty space, slipping through the gate left open to haul supplies back into the compound. We made it over to the motorcycles without seeing a single person. 
Daniel strapped his backpack onto his body as he said, “Getting out of there was a lot easier than I expected.” His eyes were shining with a mixture of excitement and maybe just a little bit of fear. Excitement was definitely winning. 
“Yeah, much easier,” I mumbled. 
The fact that his friend was willing to lie for him wasn’t that surprising. It could be that it was just a coincidence his mother was too distracted to hear the hint of deceit in her son’s voice, or that no one had seen us leaving, but I had a feeling that it was something more. 
Twin Souls wanted to be together, even before they knew they did. I started remembering stories of how the universe could bring Twin Souls together despite any odds. My good fortune soured. Apparently, I was more alone in my battle to keep Claire than I realized. 
 
 
 
Chapter 35
Watching
 
 
Cole and Daniel rode ahead of me. Daniel had been slightly disappointed when he realized there were only two motorcycles, although I had no idea how he thought we might have brought an extra one. When Daniel asked who he would ride with, I folded my arms across my chest and stepped in front of my bike. There was no way I was spending the next eight and a half hours with that kid sitting behind me. Cole was quick to offer his own bike, mumbling something about my size making the ride uncomfortable for two people. 
The drive through the main part of Roosevelt was slow because of the residential speed limits, and nowhere as unnerving as our first trip through Tucson or Phoenix. We were probably the only two people in those cities who had been happy about the rush hour traffic jams. Slow, but steady, we made our way north out of Roosevelt. I could see Daniel’s mouth moving almost constantly. Cole was kind enough to turn off the helmet headset. 
Driving across town toward the open desert, my anxiety rose with each mile. I hadn’t forgotten the shape shifting man or the wolves. The picture the wolves showed me had not been pleasant. The gaping wounds bled as the creature limped away. I had faith in the wolves’ estimation of the damage they could inflict. The simplicity of their messages seemed to reflect their honesty. Animals had little need for pride or deception. 
Still, a creature that could change its shape at will would most likely be capable of repairing whatever damage the wolves had done, as well. The only real question was time. We had left the creature behind almost five hours ago. I had no way of knowing how quickly it could recover and find us again. My animal lookouts had reported in just before leaving the adventure camp with Daniel, but their news had been confusing.
Several animals reported feeling the creature’s presence nearby, but none had actually seen it. Wondering what other powers the shape shifter held, I hoped invisibility wasn’t one of them. That would just be taking this trip into fantasyland too far. Whatever healing capabilities the creature had, they were hopefully slow enough to give us a little more time. 
I felt pretty confident that if Daniel’s and Claire’s souls were united, the creature would abandon its hunt. I was dead set against that very result, but facing the creature again in return for keeping Claire safe seemed a small price to pay. Even if it meant I got killed in the process. I wasn’t very optimistic about my chances against that thing. 
Warily, I watched the roadside. Most likely, the creature would continue to try to hide its existence in some way, but that only made me more wary of the long shadows creeping across the desert floor. Soon, we would be on the lonely stretch of highway leading us back to the New Mexico border. Among other humans, the creature would most likely not attack. If it did, the wolves or other animals may not be able to intervene. While in the desert, we would be protected more easily, but the creature would be free to attack us. It was a double-edged sword. I desperately hoped we wouldn’t be forced to stay outdoors overnight. 
“Uriah,” Cole’s voice broke over the headset. “We’re about to leave Roosevelt. I want to top off the gas tanks before we head out and maybe grab some food for later.” 
My rumbling stomach reminded me that all I’d had to eat in the last twenty-four hours was a couple granola bars and a hamburger. We had a long drive ahead of us and I wasn’t sure whether any of the towns we would pass through would have anywhere to eat. I was glad Cole had the presence of mind to pay attention to the details. 
“Sounds good,” I replied. 
“There’s a gas station up ahead.” 
Following Cole, we made a smooth exit and pulled up to the pumps. Cole swiped his card at the pump and handed Daniel some cash. Daniel hurried into the convenience store, his gaze falling back to us several times. My stomach lurched every time I looked at him. Cole stuck the pump nozzle in his bike’s tank and walked over to me. 
“How much are we going to tell Daniel?” Cole asked. 
“As little as possible.” 
“He’s been yammering since we left with lots of questions about what’s going on.” 
Cole ran his fingers through his hair. The smooth motion reminded me of Claire’s complaints about the length of my hair. Brushing my eyelashes now, it had really gotten out of hand. I resolved to get it cut as soon as possible. Cole finished filling up his bike and handed the nozzle to me. 
“He’ll give up eventually,” I said. 
Cole’s glare was meaningful. 
“You’re not the one stuck sharing a bike with him. I need something to tide him over,” Cole said. 
“Hormones or no, he’s in this for the adventure, as much as for Claire. Tell him he can ride the motorcycle around when we get to San Juan and he’ll be happy. Just keep him interested in the motorcycles and sneaking off from summer camp, and he’ll drop the questions after a while.” The nozzle snapped, halting the flow of gas. Ignoring Cole, I returned the nozzle to the pump station. 
“Uriah, his questions haven’t all been about the bikes, or how exciting this is. Plenty have been about Claire.” Cole’s face was serious. “He understands why I’m here, Claire’s my sister, but he keeps asking about you. He can tell there’s a connection between you and Claire,” he said, pausing and looking down, “and he sounds jealous.”   
“What?” I demanded. 
“I know he doesn’t understand the emotion, but it’s there. He’s already starting to feel the pull,” Cole said. “It started as soon as he saw her picture and you know it. He wants to be with her.” 
My face tilted toward the sky. Closing my eyes, I pressed my hands against my face. There were no simple answers. Confirming his fears that I was Claire’s fiancée would only intensify his jealousy. Telling Daniel I was another relative or friend of Claire’s would make him suspicious. We had to walk a fine line with him. Tipping the scale too far either way could make him change his mind and want to leave. 
“I don’t know what you should tell him, Cole. The truth will make it worse, but so will lying,” I said. “We’ll be out on the highway in a few minutes. He won’t really be able to talk then. Just try to hold him off for now, unless you come up with something better. I’m sorry. I don’t know what to do. I’m having a hard enough time just keeping my thoughts straight half the time. Every time I think of Claire, I see her collapsing, and all I can do is hope we’ll be able to save her. I can’t focus on anything except getting back to her. Hopefully this will all be over soon.” 
Cole shrugged warily, but didn’t look too annoyed that I had failed to answer his question. There really was no good answer as far as I could see. We were hauling this kid across the desert because centuries-old stories had suddenly decided to come to life. There was no way to explain that to Daniel. Besides, Cole was a capable problem solver, and I was too distracted to come up with anything useful. I just wanted to see Claire again. Even if she turned me away, I had to touch her soft skin and kiss her one more time. The promise of touching her again was the only thing keeping me going right now. 
“I just hope we can make it back tonight,” Cole said. “I really don’t want to have to explain camping with mountain lions to Daniel.” 
Nodding in agreement, I planned to keep everything to do with the animals from him. I watched as a smiling Daniel exited the store with cellophane wrapped sandwiches in his arms. “Hey, Cole,” I said, “thanks for not making me ride with him. I don’t think I could take it.” 
“Sure, man,” Cole said. “We’ll be home soon.” 
Crossing the pavement quickly, Daniel held his purchases up as if proving he were more than capable of the simple task. Daniel tossed me a sandwich before climbing behind Cole. Thinking of what Cole had mentioned, I smiled politely and thanked him. Daniel eyed me thoughtfully for a brief second. His obvious excitement to move on quickly took over. Cole glanced back at me, his expression grateful for my small effort. Slowly, we rolled across the blacktop. Just before we merged back onto the road, I thought I saw a flicker of brown fur dart behind a dumpster. 
My spine tingled. Testing my new found ability, I searched for the wolves by forming a picture of the animals standing near the gas station in my mind. All I received in return was the frightened, scattered thoughts of a small rabbit as it darted away. The communication was easier each time I experienced it, but this time the answer was disappointing. The patch of fur had been too far above the ground to be a rabbit. 
“Cole,” I tested, unsure of whether his headset was on. 
“Yeah?” 
“I think I just saw something following us.” 
“Oh really?” Cole asked casually. 
His tone confused me until I remembered Daniel. He didn’t want to tell Daniel about the creature, and neither did I. 
“I don’t think it was friendly,” I said. 
“I’ll keep that in mind,” Cole said, his voice a little tighter, but still upbeat. 
“Keep your headset on for now, okay?” 
“No problem.” 
The few remaining buildings disappeared behind us. Our speed picked up when we left the city behind, but I could still see the image the mountain lion had shown me of the creature pacing us even as we drove along the highway. Cole apparently didn’t feel safer at the higher speed either. His head routinely checked the roadside as he drove. 
“Uriah,” Cole spoke, “do we have any…help out here?” 
Clearing my head, I formed the question as an image and sent it out to the surrounding desert, deeper than I had before. Immediately, answering images crowded my mind. Coyotes, foxes and even mice watched us as we passed and assured me there were more ahead. They knew we were coming. They also knew the creature pursued us. He wasn’t hiding as carefully as before. Each image of the shape shifter was tinged with fear and hatred. 
“Yes. The whole desert seems to be watching.” 
“Good,” Cole said, sounding like he actually meant it. 
It was a huge departure from his reaction to the mountain lion the night before, but I imagined that after seeing the shape shifting monster, Cole was willing to accept help wherever he could get it. 
“Let me know if anything changes.” 
Nodding, even though I knew Cole couldn’t see me, I focused on the images still flooding into my mind. With so much sensory information, I could hardly concentrate on the road. Unsure of how to make my request clear to our friends, I pictured the animals watching us silently, only calling out to me if they saw the creature coming too close. The image barely made sense to me, but most of the animals seemed to understand. Thankfully, my mind cleared, letting my own thoughts dominate once again. 
“He finally stopped talking,” Cole said. “The wind is too loud to hear each other, thank goodness.” 
“That’s good. We might have to stop at some point to eat, but we’ll keep it short so he won’t have too much time to ask any more questions.” 
Cole was quiet for a few seconds. “Is this going to work, Uriah?” 
“Yes, it will,” I said with conviction. 
“What will you do if you can’t stop Daniel and Claire from connecting with each other?” Cole asked. 
I had refused to consider that I wouldn’t be able to stop the bond from forming. “I know what you were saying earlier, but can you really see Claire going for Daniel, now?” I asked. 
“Now? I don’t see it happening,” Cole said. 
I couldn’t tell whether he was merely being supportive or if he truly believed what he said. 
“Since that first week you guys hung out, you’re the only one she’s ever been interested in. I just can’t imagine her with anyone but you anymore.” 
I considered his words. Claire and I were so well matched despite what Cole had said earlier. We complimented each other in every way. Claire was my light, and I her anchor. I couldn’t see what Daniel had to offer her. “Even if the bond forms, I think Claire can withstand it,” I said. 
“I’ve heard that meeting your Twin Soul is something like being struck by lightning. It’s supposed to bring the most powerful emotions a human can feel, all released in one moment,” Cole said. “Could anyone abandon that?” 
He was speaking my fears. I loved Claire with every last particle of my soul. If the connection was made between Claire and Daniel, could I really ask her to give up true, soul binding love for me? It was a selfish desire, but one I believed Claire would share. “Claire is one of the strongest people I have ever met. If anyone can fight against a pull like that, it’s Claire. I have to believe it’s possible,” I added quietly. 
“Claire is incredibly stubborn,” Cole agreed. “I hope it works, Uriah. My dad is a fool for not wanting you to marry Claire.” 
I couldn’t reply. Quaile had said basically the same thing, but I knew I was the one who was lucky to have Claire in my life. Cole said I changed Claire. I knew it was the other way around. Before Claire, I had been comfortable gliding through life in the background, content with what I had, not brave enough to imagine there was more waiting for me. Claire had changed everything. The day on the riverbank had been the beginning, but each day after was a new adventure. 
Cole’s obvious fear that I would lose my battle stung. I was trying to keep Claire as close to my heart as I could, and I hoped she was doing the same. Hope was all I really had left. Although, as I thought about what was chasing us, I realized I did have my dad’s training. His letter had talked about preparing me. I still didn’t know for sure what he thought he was preparing me for, but the hours he’d spent passing on to me the hand to hand combat and weapon skills he learned in the military were undoubtedly about to come in handy. 
I always thought he just wanted me to know how to protect myself and the people I loved. Doubts about the reasons behind his lessons crept into my mind. His letter mentioned me having to face difficult things and how Claire and I would have to be strong to survive them. Did he somehow know all of this would happen? A particular sparring match with my dad a few weeks before he died came to mind, working to convince me that he had. 
 
***
 
“You can’t just defend, Uriah,” Dad said. “You’ve got to be more aggressive or you’ll never win.” 
“Dad, we’re just fooling around. I’m not going to try to hurt you,” I argued. 
Whether it was fighting, shooting, or wilderness survival, I loved that my dad wanted to spend time with me and teach me what he knew. Lately, though, he had been getting more and more intense about the lessons. That day was worse than usual. 
“Someone attacking you isn’t going to let you get away with just defending. If you don’t attack, you give them the edge and you lose. Let’s go again.” Squaring up, my dad settled into his stance and waited for me to do the same. 
I shook my head and stepped up. My fists were barely raised before my dad’s attack began. Throwing up my elbow at the right time sent his blow glancing to the side. He came again from the other side, faster than usual. I barely got a block up in time to stop him. Next came his foot, trying to sweep my legs out from under me. He’d taught me too well for that to work. My wide stance kept me grounded. 
It was a heavy round of attack for him. Expecting him to ease off and give me a few pointers like he usually did, I relaxed and waited to hear what I could have done better. That was a big mistake. Off my guard, my dad’s fist barreled right into my chin. It was nowhere near as hard as he could hit, but it still knocked me back. I shook my head and looked up to ask him what he was doing only to see another punch coming straight at me. 
My honed reflexes kept him at bay, but he just pushed harder, yelling at me to attack. I had never seen him act like this before. I knocked away blow after blow. Why was he acting like that? Confusion clouded my ability to think. Eventually the blows started making it through, scoring on me hard enough to leave bruises. Another hit connected with my jaw. This time it was at his full strength. I stumbled to my backside, looking into my dad’s fiery eyes as I scrambled back up. 
Anger roiled inside of me. He never fought this hard. It was a lesson, for crying out loud, not a barroom brawl. What was he thinking? If he wanted me to punch him, then he would get it. Stalking across the patchy grass, I was intent on my dad. Taller and more built than him, he should have reconsidered what he was asking. He just grinned fiercely and waved me on. 
I went on the attack, just like he wanted me to, landing hits to his gut and shoulder in the first few seconds. He managed to block a few before I caught him again. He grunted with the pain I caused him, even though I had reined in my anger enough to keep from really hurting him. Back and forth we went. Every time I went back on the defensive my dad kicked his attack up, forcing me to push harder, as well. 
His breathing was heavy and his movements slower than normal. He still wouldn’t give up. I realized he wanted me to beat him. This wouldn’t end in a relative draw and insightful pointers. For once, there would be a clear winner to our fight. Ready to put the ridiculousness to an end, I kicked my leg out as I turned and knocked him to the ground. He landed in a puff of dust, and the air blasted out of his lungs. 
For a moment, I stood there watching him. What was next? Would he explain himself? Apologize for getting out of control? He reached a hand out to me and I pulled him up. I wanted my explanation. Clapping his hand against my shoulder, my dad nodded. 
“You did good, even if you were pulling your punches some,” Dad said. He started to walk away, but I grabbed his arm and held him back. 
“Aren’t you going to explain what that was all about?” I asked. “I could have really hurt you, Dad.” 
Taking a moment to dust himself off, my dad didn’t answer right away. Satisfied that he was clean enough, he regarded me seriously. “Yes, you could have, Uriah, and it’s about time you realized that. You have power inside you. I know you think these lessons are just fun and games, but one day you’ll have to use what I’m teaching you. And when that day comes, you better be ready to put all your effort into it or you won’t be the one walking away at the end of the fight.” 
What was he talking about? He was acting like people were getting attacked in San Juan every day. “Dad, this is stupid. Even if I did have to fend somebody off, all I would need to do would be get one good punch in and they’d be out. I would never try to really hurt someone, let alone kill them.” 
“You don’t know what the future holds,” he said quietly. 
“This isn’t one of your stories, Dad. People don’t go around saving whole towns or battling gods in real life. I wouldn’t want to be that person, anyway. I want to be here on the ranch with you guys and Claire. I have no desire to be some kind of hero,” I said. “I hope I never have to use any of what you’ve taught me. Nothing would make me happier than to live on the ranch for the rest of my life never having to shoot or punch anyone, so drop this, okay?” 
He didn’t agree, but he didn’t push it either. Shaking his head sadly, he walked back into the house. I watched him go, wondering what on earth had prompted all of that. 
 
 
 
Chapter 36
Attack
 
 
A flood of images slammed into my mind with such force that I nearly lost control of my bike. It was a warning. The tumbling pictures were difficult to understand, but one thing was definite. The creature was coming for us. Fast. It had to be getting desperate to prevent Daniel and Claire from meeting each other. The images flowed from multiple minds, screaming of danger, confirming my worst suspicions. 
“Cole, it’s coming!” 
Immediately, his bike sped up. I had a feeling that speed wouldn’t save us. Images from a pack of coyotes confirmed the creature was increasing its pace as well. Speaking to the coyotes, I begged them for help. Much smaller than the grey wolves who had rescued us that morning, coyotes were still formidable hunters. Hatred for the creature assaulted my mind. 
I didn’t doubt they would fight the beast, but I couldn’t see them winning against the massive creature. I called out frantically, searching for mountain lions, wolves, anything that would heed my call. Sensing my needs, the animals relayed my message further out than I was able to on my own. Only a few seconds passed before answering calls sounded vocally as well as through my thoughts. 
Glancing up at Daniel, I realized he had picked up on the increased level of anxiety enveloping us. His head whipped from side to side as he clutched Cole tightly. An image sprang into my thoughts, showing me a small stand of piñon trees at the base of a small hill. Surrounding the trees were the animals that had answered my call. Pushing the images and feelings away, I scanned the horizon for the grove. 
About half a mile ahead, a dirt road peeled away from the highway and wound past a clump of piñons. “Go right on the dirt road,” I ordered Cole. “Head for those trees. The animals will stand with us there.” 
There was no need to spend time talking. Cole kicked the motorcycle up to a more dangerous speed, weaving through the slower traffic. Drivers blared their horns as we darted between two trucks. The yellow dividing lines ticked by so quickly they blurred into a solid strip. Riding the line past several more cars, we swung across the right lane with barely enough shoulder left to slow down. 
I was able to handle the turn with ease, but Cole was forced to drag his foot through the dirt just to keep the bike from toppling over. Dirt and gravel flew behind the bikes. I sped up to Cole’s side to avoid the spray. Focused on the stand of scrubby trees, Cole barely noticed my presence. Daniel, however, stared at me, his eyes wild with fear. His excitement had finally disappeared. 
“Cole,” I said, turning my head so Daniel couldn’t see my mouth, “keep Daniel close. He may run if he gets the chance.” 
The tight bob of Cole’s helmet was barely noticeable through the jarring ride along the dirt path. The stand of trees drew closer. Slowing down just enough to keep from smashing into a tree, I swerved to the right and darted to the back of the grove. Leaping from the bike, I realized we weren’t alone. Three coyotes stood at the base of the hill, flanked by a large pack of grey wolves. Daniel’s frightened scream drew my attention. The tawny mountain lion brushed past his leg, which sent him scurrying behind Cole. 
The familiar calm that spread over me as the mountain lion approached brought a sigh of relief. My old friend. We had only met the day before, but that seemed like a lifetime ago. I welcomed the great cat and thanked him for coming. Bounding over to me in two short leaps, the mountain lion rubbed his head against my leg. The connection with the animal still amazed me. His presence felt so natural. I trusted the mountain lion with my life, though I had no idea where the confidence came from. I had no time to contemplate the connection. My hand automatically reached down to scratch his head, while my eyes searched the scene before me. 
Cole tossed me one of the guns from his pack and kept the other for himself. Daniel’s eyes nearly popped out of his head. 
“What the hell is going on here?” Daniel demanded. 
“Just stay behind Cole. There’s no time to explain,” I said. Images flashed through my mind. The creature was approaching slowly, gauging his chances. Sending my thoughts to our allies, I pictured Daniel, forming the animals around him. Confusion tinged their responses. They were drawn to my aid, not to the others. They were bound to protect me. 
I considered their messages, equally confused. Earlier, I thought the animals were warning me that the creature was coming for Daniel, not me. Why would it be coming after me? A patient explanation formed in the animals’ minds. The animals only said the creature was coming. They never said it was coming after Daniel. The reason they were there had nothing to do with him. I was more confused than ever. 
Nudging my leg, the mountain lion brought my attention solely to him. I blocked out everyone else and listened. The creature was after Daniel, he explained, but only for the moment. I was his true enemy. Daniel was only a momentary distraction. When the creature was done with Daniel, he would come after me. I tried to ask the mountain lion what the creature wanted with me, but he was finished talking and refocused on the creature’s approach. Time was running out. 
I reinforced the image of the animals protecting Daniel, stressing that this was the best way to protect me right now. A murmur ran through their thoughts, but the mountain lion silenced them immediately. My own plea was sent back to me, a promise that I would be obeyed. Slowly the others animals agreed. Man and animal tensed as a sweeping fear filled the area. 
I glanced at Cole, wondering how he would react to the creature’s presence. Sweat beaded on his forehead, but he was withstanding the creature’s lure. For now. Daniel was faring much worse. He was pulling against Cole’s strong grip, his hands reaching out to his death bringer. Terror and adoration fought for control of his face. Realizing Cole and I still wore our motorcycle helmets I said, “Knock him out if he gets out of control.” 
“No problem,” Cole said through clenched teeth. Removing the helmet, I tossed it aside. 
Growling erupted throughout our protective circle. A dark form walked on two legs through the first line of trees and stopped. He was no longer Darren Johnson, but his new human appearance seemed vaguely familiar to me, as if I should know him no matter what form he took. 
“Uriah, Cole, how nice to see you again.” His voice was silky and alluring. Neither I, nor the animals were affected, which made me curious, but Cole seemed to be barely holding against his urge to run to the man with open arms. Daniel flailed wildly against Cole’s restraining hands. The struggle to control his charge was likely the only thing keeping Cole in check. 
I may have to punch them both. 
“Daniel,” the creature oozed. 
Daniel stopped struggling and watched the man adoringly. 
“What a pleasant surprise to come across you. I had thought at first that Uriah’s harried flight was to reach his own Twin Soul, but then I found out you were his target instead. That has made this much easier than I expected.” 
Taking a confident step forward, the creature smiled. My mountain lion friend snarled, edging closer to Daniel. 
“Really, Uriah, our fight can wait. There’s no reason for you to come against me yet. Tell your friends to back off and turn the boy over to me. Then we can simply go our separate ways, for now,” the creature said. “I would much prefer to postpone our battle until I have finished my business with Daniel.” 
For some reason, the confusing fight with my dad came to my mind. I felt similar to what I had felt then, confused, angry, scared even. It made no sense that my dad would have been preparing me for this day, but he had done his job well. If the creature wanted me, he would take me. My guess was that he was still feeling the wolves’ claws from earlier today. The smile forming on my face was nothing close to friendly. Taking a step forward, I studied the man’s face, trying to gauge just how hurt he still was. His sneering mask gave away no clues. 
I was sure he was hurt by the way he was trying to talk me out of facing him, but that didn’t mean I was eager to test my strength against his. Maybe I could get a little information out of him first. “Why are you trying to hurt Claire?” I asked him. “And why do you want Daniel?” 
A strange look of annoyance and confusion screwed the man’s face into a grimace. “Claire? Daniel’s Twin Soul? I am not concerned about what happens to Claire in the least now that I have Daniel. As for Daniel, I just want to kill him. Let me have him and you can go, for now. Our time to battle will come soon enough.” 
It was my turn to be confused. He wanted Daniel, but he acted like that was just something he had to do. His main interest really did seem to be focused on me. Why was he really here? I must have been projecting my thoughts, because the mountain lion answered them. Images of Claire, Daniel, and myself standing in a row. Claire began to fade, as Daniel fell dead. 
I grew larger and brighter, my light overpowering everything else. The creature stood in the shadows, fearful of me but hungry for my blood. Whatever small fascination Claire and Daniel held for this being, it wanted me more than anything else. A lifetime of my parents’, Quaile’s, and Thomas’s cryptic hints and warnings flooded my mind. As much as I wanted the quiet life of a rancher, the world around me seemed to be trying to tell me there was something more in store for me. 
“You want to kill Daniel, but once he’s dead you’ll come after me? Why?” I asked. 
The creature smiled wickedly, baring razor sharp teeth more animal than human. “Now that is the question, isn’t it?”
 Brazen in his confidence, the creature began writhing, although his face remained pleased. The rearrangement of his bones was stomach churning. I could hear Daniel gagging behind me. Even the animals were disturbed by his display. 
“Get ready,” I said and thought. The grey wolves strode to the front of the motley pack. The animals tightened around me and I reminded them of Daniel. 
When the creature’s shifting finally ceased, an enormous wolf stood before us. Stretching to its full, towering height, the creature snarled. It watched me, waiting, though it surely needed no provocation. Its eyes flitted to Daniel, then back to me. It was weighing its chances of getting to Daniel before the animals, or I, would be able to beat it back. It was going to be a tough fight no matter what, and he knew it. 
“Why are you trying to stop me!” the creature snarled angrily. 
I was only faintly surprised it could still speak while in its animal form. 
“I am only fulfilling my purpose. Do not stand in my way!” 
I wasn’t sure what to make of that announcement. It hardly mattered at the moment. Its purpose or not, I wouldn’t let him take Daniel. Without speaking, I launched our attack. The gun in my hand rose even with the creature’s head. The shot was soundless next to the growling cacophony of my strange army. Speeding through the desert, it took a fraction of a second. I watched the bullet carve its path straight to the creature’s skull, then ricochet into a tree. 
The wolves and coyotes pushed forward, oblivious to my actions, but the mountain lion had watched as carefully as I had. Certainly, I hadn’t expected the shot to really harm the creature, but it had simply bounced off. I’d felt the creature’s body in human form, and through the wolves’ thoughts, seen the damage done to his animal form, but I couldn’t explain what had happened. The bullet should have pierced the animal’s hide. The mountain lion replayed the scene in my head over and over in rapid succession, telling me that the results would be the same each time. Human weapons would not harm the creature. 
I pulled my attention back to the fight, fearing for my companions, and was surprised to find them holding their own. Hurriedly, I posed a question to the mountain lion, showing myself fighting the creature then replaying the scene with the bullet. Answering immediately, the mountain lion allayed my fears. Without claws or razor sharp teeth, I didn’t understand how I could harm the creature, but the coyotes and wolves were beginning to lose ground. 
As I moved forward, I saw the mountain lion step back to protect Daniel and Cole. A coyote was swept off its feet and slammed into the trunk of a tree. Its whimper cut off quickly and the young animal’s thoughts faded from my mind. Anger rose in my throat, tearing a feral scream from me as I leapt at my enemy. I swung my well-trained fist and connected with its shoulder, missing its head only because it was pulled to the side by one of the gray wolf’s terrible jaws. 
Fire roared through my arm, but it was gone almost instantly. Stumbling, the creature backed away from me, its leg unable to support any weight. Somehow, I had crushed its shoulder. I stared at my fist. Completely unharmed, I couldn’t feel even a flicker of pain. A vengeful smile crept across my face. This would end here. Glancing up, I saw the creature writhing again, changing its shape to accommodate its disabled arm. 
The matted fur smoothed into shimmering scales as the arms melded with the rest of the mass. Its winding serpent body ended in two dripping fangs. I wasted no time. Jumping low to avoid his head, I wrapped my arms around the snake’s body and let my body’s momentum carry me and the snake further away from the pack. Landing hard, I held my grip on the smooth body, squeezing relentlessly. Searing pain raced up and down my body. I shifted my hands to keep my bare skin from touching the creature’s skin and the agonizing pain diminished slightly. 
Its writhing tried desperately to escape my grasp, but only succeeded in shifting me further down on its body. The serpent’s head swung back at me. I couldn’t block his attack without letting go. Acting in an instant, I released the snake and swung my fist, backing it with every ounce of fury in my body. Its head snapped around at my touch, twisting until the serpent’s whole body had to follow. The burning pain rushed away, a small relief. 
Lurching up from the sand, I leapt on the creature’s back, prepared for the pain I knew would come. Punching from every angle, my short blows were definitely doing damage, but not enough. I grabbed just below the creature’s head, snarling as the skin to skin contact begged me to let go. I pulled back and attempted to tear the muscles. The creature continued to squirm. Frustration that I couldn’t inflict any real damage made my focus slip, only for a split second, but it was enough. 
Convulsing its whole body, the serpent flung me away. I fell hard against a tree. My breath caught in my lungs. My terrified hands scratched at the sand, pulling me forward. Finally catching my breath, I staggered to my feet. Springing from its coil, the serpent was out of my reach before I could even react. It was heading straight for Daniel. I ran for him, Claire’s only hope of survival. 
Agony filled the air. I was too slow. The mountain lion was on the serpent, raking it with his claws, but it had reached Daniel regardless of the mountain lion’s efforts. The serpent’s razor fangs sliced through Daniel’s calf. Cole pulled Daniel back with all his strength as the serpent did the same. Blood streaming from his calf, the howling pain was undoubtedly the only thing keeping Daniel from passing out. 
One more step.
I gripped the cold body, barely feeling the fire at all. My hands, which had sheared dozens of sheep lovingly, clamped down, crushing the snake with impossible strength. An inhuman scream from the creature echoed his pain and forced it to release its grip on Daniel’s leg. Cole wrenched Daniel backwards. The bloodied mountain lion jumped in front of them. Using strength I had no explanation for, I hurled the serpent against the sandstone boulder behind me. 
A sickening crack resounded as flesh met rock. My chest heaved. Surely that was enough. My quaking knees dropped me to the ground, but my eyes never left the creature. Watching in amazement, I saw the slithering mass convulse, changing once again. Orange and black spotted fur sprouted quickly, legs, tail, and teeth followed. Its spine jagged oddly, and its legs were twisted at strange angles, but the animal kept itself together as it raced awkwardly away. Wolf and coyote sprang after it, but were quickly outdistanced by the stunning cheetah. 
Daniel screamed again and I quickly called the animals back. The fight was over, for now. I turned to Daniel and saw that Cole was already helping him. Dropping to the ground beside him, I stared at the wound. The serpent’s large fangs had stabbed clear through Daniel's leg. Cole’s hands held his leg above the wound in a rough attempt at a tourniquet as the crimson blood pulsed out, pooling on the ground. 
“I need a bandage,” Cole said, his voice shaking so badly I could hardly understand him. “There’s a first aid kit in my pack.” 
I hurried to the motorcycle and ripped the pack from its bindings, my hands searching it as I rushed back to Daniel. The small case was buried beneath Cole’s clothing. I worried it wouldn’t be enough to help Daniel. Tossing the first aid kit to Cole, he threw his shirt back at me. 
“Put pressure on the wound,” Cole ordered. 
I pressed the shirt against Daniel’s leg. Hissing through his teeth, Daniel turned his head away from the blood. Cole’s hands were back, pushing away the blood-soaked shirt. Pouring water over the wound, Cole sighed in relief. The blood flow was slowing. Cole wiped the wound with a clean cloth and quickly applied treated squares of gauze. 
Carefully wrapping Daniel’s leg with a bandage, Cole looked over at me. “It bled a lot, so if there was any venom it should hopefully be gone now. I don’t know if freaky magic snakes even have venom.” Cole shook his head at how idiotic that should have sounded. “But all we have for the pain is some extra strength aspirin.” 
“He’s a tough kid,” I said, hoping Daniel would believe it himself. “He’ll be okay until we get back to Sophia.” 
Cole grimaced. Leaning closer, I turned my body to shield Daniel from Cole’s voice. “He’s going to be in a lot of pain when the adrenaline rush wears off. He’s not going to be able to ride very well. Not without tying him to the bike. I think we’re going to have to stop for the night.” 
Searching the horizon, my chest tightened at the thought of staying in the grove much longer. “We can’t stay here.” 
“No,” Cole said quietly, “of course not. Let’s get him on the bike and ride as far as we can before the pain sets in.” 
I nodded and wondered how long Daniel would last. Small spots of red were already soaking through the bandages. The pain would come quickly. “Let’s hurry,” I said. 
“Daniel,” Cole began, “we have to move. I’m going to help you onto the bike.” 
Daniel came up to his elbows, wincing with the small movement. He steeled his face and lifted a hand. Grabbing it, I pulled him to his feet in one swift movement. Daniel stood gingerly with his injured leg barely touching the dirt. His faced paled and he grabbed for my arm. Cole may have been a little too optimistic. I wasn’t sure he would even make it out of the piñon grove. 
“I’m going to pick you up, okay?” I said. 
Daniel nodded. 
I slipped my arm under his legs and hefted him over to the bike. Cole was right behind us, carrying his backpack in his teeth as he quickly pulled on a spare shirt. 
“Wait for me to get on, Uriah,” Cole said. He stuffed his pack through the straps on the back of the bike and settled onto the motorcycle’s wide seat. It was awkward trying to lower Daniel onto the bike, but after a few painful moments, he had his arms wrapped tightly around Cole. 
The mountain lion approached silently, speaking to me without words. The creature was gone. He and the others would follow us, though. Just in case it came back. 
There was no “just in case” about it. It was definitely coming back. 
 
 
 
Chapter 37
Bleak Desperation
 
 
I had no way of keeping track of time in such a strange state, but I had been able to fall asleep, somehow. The dreams hadn’t been restful. Dreams of Uriah were constantly interrupted by the face of the stranger. I had been sitting on the bank of the river with Uriah again, our favorite spot, when a stabbing pain dispelled the dream. 
I woke, still trapped in my body, watching the most bizarre scene swirl in the blackness around me. Desert animals attacked a man made of writhing shadows. Uriah fought beside them. Cole held the stranger from my dreams. The stranger. I wanted to see Uriah, to know he was safe, but the images centered on the stranger instead. I saw blood pouring from his leg. 
As I stood watching the young man screaming in pain, I felt a strange compulsion come over me. I wanted to help him. No, I needed to help him, to go to him and comfort his pain. Fear washed over me. I was suddenly terrified he would die and leave me alone. I couldn’t control the strange thoughts. I tried to push them away, to force them back to Uriah, but I couldn’t. Panic for Uriah fought with my desire to find the stranger. 
Cool hands touched my face and wrists. I could feel their calming nature on my unconscious body, but my mind still raced. I focused on the hands, trying to escape the images in my mind. The murmur of voices surrounded me. Another set of hands began stroking my forehead. Uriah. Uriah. I repeated his name again and again, praying he would hear me. I didn’t know why I was seeing this, but all I wanted was to have Uriah by my side again. I wanted to cry, but my body wouldn’t respond. Ephemeral tears that dissipated as soon as they dropped from my skin were the only relief the strange place offered me. 
Uriah, I begged, please come back to me. 
Daniel. The name crept into my mind. I knew in an instant that it belonged to the boy from my dreams. It was his face that haunted me. This boy, Daniel, was badly injured and I yearned to be with him. No! I screamed it, though no one could hear me. I didn’t care about Daniel anymore. I made my choice. I wanted Uriah. Only Uriah. My pulse raced in fear that I would never see him again. 
I tried to push the images of the strange dream away entirely, but they had taken over. No matter how hard I tried to move back toward Uriah, something was pulling me closer to Daniel, willing me to ease his pain. Suddenly, I was running. The images faded from my view, but the feelings remained. I ran faster. 
The battle between my heart and mind made it hard to think of anything for too long, but I fought to keep bringing Uriah back to me. I remembered every kiss he had given me, the passion behind them that he let out so rarely. As soon as I pulled a memory into my mind, it flitted away. Where had Uriah gone? He might be strong enough to do whatever it was that took him away from me, but I wasn’t. I needed him near me, holding me in his strong arms. 
The room quieted around me. The hum of voices I couldn’t quite hear had dissipated. I wondered how long it had been since drinking the tea. The tea. In my earlier panic, I hadn’t even considered the problem of tea. What had been in it and who had put it there? Replaying the scene in my head, once again, I remembered my dad bringing the tea tray into the room. I had barely glanced at him, but now I focused intently on his face. 
In my mind, I could see his smile. I found a new emotion to stave off panic. Anger. Uriah had left me because of my dad. I couldn’t even begin to imagine what he had done, where he had gotten the tea, but I was sure of one thing. I would never forgive him for this. Uriah was my life. My dad would not keep us apart. 
Gaining some small understanding of what was happening, I thought I knew why Uriah had left me. There was a way to fix what my dad had done, and Uriah had left to find it for me. My anger calmed again, as I thought of Uriah. If my life was in his hands, I knew I was safe. He wouldn’t stop until I was whole again. 
I called Uriah to my mind, but was shocked to find Daniel’s face forcing him out once again. Panic seized my whole body. Right away, I began humming the lullaby Uriah sang to me when we were alone together. The song made it easier to hold Daniel off, but the urge to turn back was unbearable. My feet pounded through the blackness as I pleaded for Uriah to come back to me. The aching bond followed me wherever I went. 
My chest was heaving as tears washed my hot cheeks. I couldn’t escape. Dropping to my knees, I curled my arms around my body in bleak desperation and filled my mind with Uriah. He was the only one who could save me now. 
 
 
 
Chapter 38
The Truth
 
 
The drive only lasted half an hour before Daniel’s pain became too much for him to handle. When Cole announced that we had to pull off, a curse of irritation slipped through my teeth. He ignored the comment and signaled for a right turn. I did feel sorry for Daniel, but Claire was my biggest concern. I felt guilty that I only cared about his health because without him Claire would die, but I hated the thought of spending another day in the desert, wondering if Claire’s condition had changed. 
There was little in the way of shelter out here, just a few sandstone formations, and some piñon trees. Cole rolled to a stop near the largest boulder. He was off the bike in an instant, reaching for Daniel. Cutting my bike’s engine, I hurried over to help him. My unconcern for Daniel vanished when I saw his face twisted in agony. 
Pale and limp, Daniel hung in my arms, barely conscious. Cole searched our packs for anything soft and arranged them into a hasty bed. It would still be horribly uncomfortable, but it was all we had to offer. Carefully, I lowered Daniel onto the bed of shirts and sweaters. 
“Thanks, guys,” he croaked after downing a few more painkillers. 
Cole passed out the flattened sandwiches from the gas station. We ate quickly and in silence. Glancing at where the sun had disappeared behind a row of bluffs a while ago, I prayed Daniel would fall asleep. 
“Um,” Daniel began. 
I groaned. Please fall asleep. 
“What exactly happened back there?” 
Maybe I could knock him out before Cole could stop me. He needed to sleep anyway, didn’t he? 
“Uriah, you want to handle that one?” Cole said. 
I definitely did not want to answer his questions. I knew they would inevitably lead to Claire. Cole’s look told me that I had better not try to dodge Daniel this time. “I guess,” I said dejectedly. 
Daniel struggled to pull himself up enough to face me. He was eager for answers, but he stiffened just as a familiar presence brushed the edge of my thoughts. The mountain lion padded into our camp from behind me and settled itself next to my folded legs. He didn’t even need to mention that the others were nearby. They knew the creature would be back, just as I did. Our fight wasn’t over yet. 
“It’s okay, Daniel,” I said, stroking the cat’s fur. “It won’t hurt you.” 
“What is happening?” Daniel asked, his voice higher than usual. “Wild animals. Shape shifting monsters. You guys just show up at camp, and I’m stupid enough to go with you. What was I thinking?” 
“Daniel, the animals are only here to help,” I said. The rest was still a mystery to me, but I had to tell him something. “That thing that attacked you, I don’t really know what it is, but the animals will protect us from it.” 
“Why was it trying to kill me?” 
It said it was only fulfilling its purpose, but that gave me no better understanding of what it was or why it was hunting me or Daniel. “I don’t know for sure, but I think it has something to do with why you’re coming with us. I know it doesn’t want you to help Claire.” 
“What does that monster have to do with your sister?” Daniel asked Cole. Daniel’s eyes were getting wilder with each half-answered question. Filled with pain, Daniel’s face begged Cole for a real answer. Cole merely shrugged. He was no help at all. 
“I think you’re going to have to tell him a little more than that, Uriah,” Cole said after a few seconds of silence. 
“Uriah, I think I deserve an explanation,” Daniel said, glancing to his leg, then back to me.
 The firm set of his face told me he wasn’t going to give up. Sighing, I began what I knew would be a long story, full of holes. 
“Claire isn’t sick or hurt. She was poisoned by her father.”
“What? What kind of dad poisons their own kid?” Daniel asked, his accusing stare focusing on Cole. 
Cole’s jaw clenched tightly. I knew he wanted the same answer. 
“My father is a very selfish man,” Cole muttered. 
Glancing away from Cole, Daniel asked another question. “Why couldn’t you guys just take her to the hospital?” 
“The poison was from the shaxoa, the witch of our tribe. It put Claire into a coma, where she will die unless she’s given the antidote,” I explained. “The only way to save Claire is for her Twin Soul to give her the antidote.” 
“What’s a Twin Soul?” 
“Our legends say a soul is made up of two parts, the male half and the female half,” Cole explained. “Most people never find their Twin Soul in human form but, for the ones who do, an unbreakable bond forms between them, completing the soul.” 
“So, it’s like a soul mate,” Daniel said. “I don’t really believe in that kind of stuff.” 
I could have hit him right then if Cole’s warning look hadn’t threatened worse against me. All the sympathy I had felt for Daniel was gone. Wild animals had come to defend us against an evil giant snake that nearly bit his leg off and he didn’t believe in “soul mates.” Even if that was dumbing it down considerably, it should have been the easiest thing to swallow at this point. 
“Well, you better start believing, Daniel, because things like that shadow creature believe in it, and it will apparently stop at nothing to prevent you from reaching Claire,” I said. 
“Shadow creature?” Cole questioned. 
“That’s what the mountain lion calls him,” I said. 
“That’s what the mountain lion calls him?” Daniel repeated. His face turned back to Cole. “Am I missing something, or is Uriah claiming he can talk to animals?” 
Cole regarded me closely. I hadn’t meant to tell Daniel about the way the animals communicated with me. It just slipped out. I was so distracted with Daniel’s idiocy that I spoke without thinking. 
“Uriah,” Cole said patiently. 
I had told Cole as much already, but I knew he was just as curious for details as Daniel was. 
“I can’t really talk to them like people can,” I explained. “They put images in my mind and show me what they want me to know, and I can do the same back to them.” 
Daniel stared at me in confusion while he brooded silently. Cole was the first to speak. 
“Have you always been able to do this?” 
“No,” I said quickly. “Well, I don’t know, actually. I think I have, but I didn’t really know it. The way animals have always been so tame around me, I think that it might have been me making them calm. Last night when the mountain lion walked into our camp, he showed me he would keep watch while we slept. He warned me about the creature and told me other animals would protect us from it. That was the first time anything so blatant has ever happened to me, but it felt really natural, too.” 
I offered it up as a possibility to Cole, trying to make it easy to take. At this point, I was positive the ability had always been there. It had something to do with the creature. Admitting those two things made me wonder about everything else. Was the power I had over other people, and the affect Claire had on me, related to the creature as well? Was all of this wrapped up in whatever it was the adults in my life were lying to me about? 
“The wolves that came the first time we met the creature, how did you know to call them?” Cole asked, bringing me back to the conversation. 
“I didn’t know if it would actually work,” I said, “but I tried anyway. I sent out images of the creature and begged them for help.” 
Cole nodded. I think we were both equally glad it had worked. Daniel was still staring at the mountain lion with wary eyes. 
“Really, Daniel, it’s not going to hurt you. It saved your life, for crying out loud,” I said. 
“It’s just a little weird, okay,” Daniel said.
 The mountain lion’s ear twitched, making Daniel flinch. The sudden movement brought a hiss from Daniel. His bandages were bloodier than before we left the grove. 
Finally, Daniel’s gaze lifted from the sleeping mountain lion and turned back to me. “What’s your stake in all this, Uriah? I mean Claire is Cole’s sister, so of course he wants to help her, but what about you? You can barely look at me without wanting to punch me in the face.” 
My fists tightened and pressed into my knees. Cole watched me with pity in his eyes. I did not want to discuss this with him, but I couldn’t deny him the answers he deserved. “Claire is my fiancée.” 
Daniel’s eyes widened in shock. That was definitely not the answer he had been expecting. “Claire is your fiancée, but you’re not her soul mate, Twin Soul, whatever you call it. You guys are saying that I’m Claire’s Twin Soul? That’s why you told me I could help her, right?” Daniel said. 
I nodded. 
“So, what exactly does that mean? What about the unbreakable bond?” 
That was all I could take. Standing up, I stalked away from Daniel. The mountain lion, disturbed by my sudden movement, stood as well and followed me from the meager camp. 
Cole’s quiet voice followed my retreat. “It means, Daniel, that as soon as you save Claire’s life, the Twin Soul bond will form and she’ll forget her love for Uriah completely.” 
“Oh,” was Daniel’s only response. 
Quickening my step, I walked past the motorcycles and collapsed by a small boulder. The mountain lion nuzzled my arm, pushing his head into my lap. The gentle nudge of his question startled me. Interpreting the images he sent me was getting easier. I hardly had to take the time to interpret the thoughts he sent me anymore. I could practically hear his thoughts as simple words when he spoke, now. 
The picture of me sitting next to the rock with my head hanging was tinged with sadness. 
“What’s wrong?” he was asking. 
“Daniel,” I replied. 
The mountain lion’s answer was a feeling of indifference. He saw no obvious problem with the guy. My pain was hard to explain, even with words. With only thoughts, I didn’t know if I could make him understand. With no one else to turn to for sympathy, I needed to try. I pictured Claire, her milk chocolate eyes and brown, silky hair. Her smile was soft and kind. I pictured us at our wedding. It was the future I was still clinging to, though hope was fading fast. 
Memories of her drinking the tea and falling unconscious swept through my mind on a wave of anger. Daniel was the only one who could save her, but he would also take her away from me. The mountain lion tried to deny these thoughts, feeling my deep love for Claire, but I feared he was wrong. 
I worked to explain Twin Souls, picturing the soul together, then separated at birth, only to find each other again. I tried to show him that this was what would steal Claire away, and to my surprise the mountain lion understood. He knew of Twin Souls already. Now that he understood, he shared my misery. The great cat curled around me, lending me comfort when it seemed like no one else could. 
For a long time, I sat there stroking the animal’s thick fur. Eventually my thoughts and feelings calmed, allowing me to focus on the many other dangers we were facing. I still understood so little of what was happening. Glancing down at the mountain lion, I wondered if he knew more than I did about our situation. Already he had proved more knowledgeable than I expected. 
The question formed slowly, but the mountain lion understood. “What is the shadow creature?” 
“Matwau.” The answer was laced with fear and anger. Enemy. 
I already knew that the creature was an enemy. I repeated the question. “But what is it?” 
The cougar huffed and shook his head. I must have misunderstood his answer. “Matwau,” he repeated, “not an enemy, the enemy.” 
I still didn’t understand. 
The mountain lion’s thoughts sharpened and his answer became more specific. “The Matwau destroys happiness. Before, I was not sure. Now, I know, because he wants to kill Daniel.  The creature is the Matwau.” 
The explanation astounded me. I had heard many stories of beings that caused misery and unhappiness for fun or selfish indulgence, but this idea of one enemy meant to destroy life and joy was completely foreign to me. I couldn’t understand why such a creature wouldn’t be mentioned in our tribal legends. Surely people should know this devil existed, for their own protection, if nothing else. 
Suddenly, I realized there was a much more important question I needed answered. “What does he want?” 
“Twin Souls are the greatest happiness. The Matwau hunts Twin Souls. He keeps them from uniting. Once the bond is formed, the Matwau cannot harm them.” 
My mother had told me stories of Twin Souls reaching each other despite the odds stacked against them, but never had I heard that there was an evil being doing everything possible to keep them apart, including killing the one searching for their other half. I tried to dig deeper into my memory for answers when Quaile’s words snapped to the front of my mind. I had been told of this creature. 
Quaile tried to warn me of forces that didn’t want me to save Claire. The Matwau must have been what she was referring to. Frustration made my teeth grind together. Her riddles were driving me mad. Things could have gone much more smoothly if she had given me real information about the dangerous beast rather than a vague warning. I had a few choice words ready for Quaile when we finally made it home. 
“Are the animals bound to protect Twin Souls?” I asked. “At the grove you said you were only there for me.” 
“No,” the mountain lion answered. He sent memories of the fight filtering through my mind. He reaffirmed that the animals had been concerned with protecting me, not Daniel. The memories ended and the mountain lion continued his explanation. “We feel no desire to protect your friend, only you.” 
“Why? What makes me special?” I asked. 
Several times, someone had told me that there was something more to me than I realized. I wanted to argue, to explain that I was only a rancher from a small town, nothing more, but I was beginning to believe it myself. The Matwau himself said he wanted me specifically. I didn’t understand why anyone else thought I was important, but it was difficult to argue against so many strange events. 
Where did the strength come from when I crushed the Matwau’s shoulder, or when I threw it against the boulder? Why did this evil being seek me out and challenge my every step? Why were the animals drawn to me? Realizing that the mountain lion had never answered my question, I repeated the query. “Why are you helping me?” 
“I don’t know.” The mountain lion lifted his head, meeting my eyes. “I don’t understand why I protect you, but I know it is because the Matwau hunts you. You are his enemy and I know I cannot let him harm you.” 
“I don’t understand any of this,” I complained. 
“You will,” the mountain lion said. “I just hope it will be in time.” 
Nodding my agreement, I let myself relax next to the mountain lion. Being able to talk to him had taken away at least some of my anxiety. I was still as confused as ever, but I felt a little better. I appreciated his willingness to listen. 
Barely one day ago, the sight of the mountain lion had terrified me, but now we spoke as friends. In fact, the mountain lion was a friend, the only one who really seemed to understand what was happening to me. “Do you have a name?” I asked. 
His answer was more complicated than I had expected. Images and feelings related to his name swirled in my mind. It took a few moments to process everything he had shared with me, but eventually I understood. 
“Talon.” 
His mother had given him the name because he reminded her of an eagle. A fierce hunter, the swiftest runner of his litter, intelligent, a leader. The much simpler string of images I sent back seemed to amuse the cougar, but he was pleased I had understood. 
“Tell me of your life,” I asked. I needed the distraction and the mountain lion was happy to oblige. Thinking of my waiting Claire, I “listened” to Talon’s stories, pushing away the more painful and frightening thoughts I was harboring. The images of his life spent hunting and tracking were soothing, lulling me back into a steadier frame of mind. 
I realized how tired I was as I sat with him. Adrenaline had been pumping through my veins for so long that I hadn’t felt the natural weariness so much activity should have brought hours ago. Now, as I sat with Talon, my mind and body yearned for rest. Too tired to contemplate my strange fate any longer, I draped my arm across his back. The warmth of his body calmed me as I stared up at the stars and thought of Claire. We were so close to getting Daniel back to her. My mind centered on that, and the weight of who I really was faded into the background. 
 
 
 
Chapter 39
Complications
 
 
“Uriah.” Cole shook my shoulder. 
I tried to ignore him, wanting to stay in my dreams a little longer. 
“Uriah, wake up. I need your help.” 
Forcing my eyes open, I blinked in the bright sunlight. Cole held out a hand, pulling me to my feet. It was morning. I had slept through the entire night undisturbed. My muscles ached, painfully reprimanding me for my poor choice in sleeping positions. 
“What’s wrong?” I asked. 
Cole motioned for me to follow him and turned quickly, rushing back toward the camp. The mountain lion stayed close to me as I followed Cole. As soon as I reached the pile of backpacks, I heard the moaning. Daniel was lying on the ground, sweating from fever and rigid with pain. 
“What happened? He seemed like he was going to be okay last night.” 
“I don’t know. I think his leg is infected,” Cole said. “I don’t know how we’re going to get home with him like this.” 
Daniel was obviously not going to be able to keep himself on the bike by himself, but I refused to spend another night camping in the desert. The creature could come back at any moment, not to mention Claire may not have that much time. “He can ride with me. I have some rope in my bag. We’ll just have to tie him to me and get home as fast as we can.” 
“Uriah, that doesn’t sound very safe. Maybe we should take him back to that town we passed through last night, to the hospital, and call his parents,” Cole said. 
“If we take him back, his parents will probably call the police and we’ll never get him to San Juan. I won’t risk Claire’s life on the chance that his parents will understand why we practically kidnapped their son,” I said. Daniel wasn’t so bad, but my priorities were still firmly set with Claire at the top. “Sophia will be able to help him as well as any doctor at a hospital.” 
“I guess you’re right,” Cole said reluctantly. 
The mountain lion’s low growl drew my attention. “What is it?” I asked silently. 
“The Matwau is coming closer. We must leave.” 
“What’s wrong, Uriah?” Cole asked. 
“It’s coming back. We’ve got to go, now,” I said. “Get the rope. I’ll get Daniel on my bike.” 
Cole dug through my backpack, finding the rope quickly. Reaching down, I shoved my arms under Daniel’s legs and shoulders and lifted him from the ground. His face contorted with the pain of moving, but he only moaned deliriously. 
Setting Daniel on the bike, I turned to Cole. “Hold him up so I can get on.” 
“He’s not going to come too close with the wolves and coyotes still here, but he’s not turning away either. He’ll follow us,” Talon communicated. 
I nodded and mounted the bike. It was an awkward few moments while Cole tried to secure Daniel to my torso with the rope. His limp body refused to cooperate, with even his feet hanging loosely to the ground. By the time Cole was finished, though, Daniel wouldn’t fall off unless I did. 
The closeness to him was more than just uncomfortable. I could hardly move my own body because of the bindings, but that wasn’t really what was bothering me the most. “Claire needs him,” I whispered to myself. I was doing this for her. 
After strapping the backpacks onto the motorcycles, Cole jumped on his own bike, the engine roaring under his touch. 
“Will you follow?” I asked Talon. 
“We all will.” Talon stepped closer, his muzzle touching my leg. “I’ll try to stay in your sight. You may need to go slower than usual so we can keep up. The Matwau should still be badly wounded, but even wounds will not slow him down. He will attack if you get too far away from us.” 
“Thank you for the warning,” I replied. The idea of slowing our pace grated on my patience, but there was no way I would have been able to go full speed with Daniel strapped to me anyway. “Stay in contact with me.”
 Talon nodded his head. 
“Let me set the pace, Cole,” I said. 
Cole nodded. “Sure, Uriah. The headsets are on, so just keep me updated on what’s happening with Daniel, and everything else,” he said, the last part trailing off a little. 
The first few minutes of driving with Daniel were frustrating as I struggled to keep the unusual weight balanced. Talon backed away when we reached the interstate, but I could still see his sleek body darting along next to us. Cole and I stayed close to the shoulder, letting the other drivers fly past us. 
The mile markers ticked by too slowly. Cole checked in periodically with questions about Daniel and our pursuer. Daniel’s body was hot against mine. His fever burned my back. I started to worry when I was reminded of the searing heat of the creature’s touch. What if there had been some kind of poison in the Matwau’s bite? Would Sophia be able to help him? A strange emotion suddenly filled me. 
In my heart, I was praying I would be able to keep Claire and Daniel from forming the Twin Soul bond, but in my mind I knew how unlikely that was. When I thought Daniel could die, sadness washed over me, for Daniel, and for Claire. Daniel’s parents would be devastated, and I would be largely to blame for his death. Exchanging his life for Claire’s…I had no right to make that choice. And for Claire, what would that do to her, to find her Twin Soul, only to lose him soon after? I pushed the thoughts away, lost in that precarious balance between right and wrong. 
Daniel would be fine, I told myself, begging for it to be true. 
As if knowing I was thinking about him, Daniel shifted violently. His sudden lurch pitched the bike sideways. I pulled hard on the bike to right it, but Daniel struggled again. “Daniel, what’s wrong?” I yelled at him over my shoulder. 
Had the infection proved fatal? I panicked. I didn’t want him to die. The twitching continued and I searched the road ahead for a place to pull off. “Cole, we need to stop. Daniel’s convulsing!” 
“There should be a rest stop just ahead,” Cole said. 
I didn’t know how Cole paid attention to any of the road signs. My mind was so consumed with fear for both Daniel and Claire that most of the trip was a beige-colored blur. Cole proved to be right, fortunately. A green and white highway sign announced a rest stop one quarter mile away. Daniel’s hands clutched my waist, his whole body shaking now. I pushed the speedometer higher and turned into the rest stop lane. As soon as I pulled to a stop, Talon rushed out from behind some rocks and hurried over to me. I hoped there was no one else around to see him. 
“What’s wrong?” He had felt my distress. 
I showed him how Daniel had been behaving. I tried turning around to look at him, but Daniel’s head had sunk low on my back. Glancing around for Cole, who had just pulled up behind me, I said, “Hurry up and get him down so we can see what’s wrong.” 
Cole leaned the bike against a picnic table, not bothering with the kickstand, and rushed to my side. Untying the knots seemed to take forever, but Cole was hauling Daniel off the bike after only a few seconds. Daniel grunted harshly when his injured leg smacked into the pavement. 
“Sorry,” Cole said. 
I hopped off my bike and helped Cole lift the twitching Daniel onto the wooden table. “Daniel,” I said, tapping his cheek, “can you hear me?” 
A whining sound was the only response. 
“Daniel.” My touch was almost striking him now. “Daniel, wake up.” 
“Uriah, I don’t think he can hear you. He’s still unconscious,” Cole said. “What was happening?” 
“He kept moving, like he was having convulsions. He almost knocked us over a couple of times. I can’t keep going. I’m afraid he’s gotten worse.” 
Daniel laid on the table calmly, now, but I still feared for his life. 
“Daniel,” Cole said softly. “Can you hear me?” Not waiting for a response, Cole felt his forehead and listened to Daniel’s breathing. Gingerly, Cole lifted the bandage. He sucked in a breath and motioned for me to come closer. 
I didn’t really want to see it, but I went anyway. I remembered my mother’s leg, ravaged by the starving mountain lion. Usually, I was more than willing to help an injured person or animal, but since my mother’s attack I found myself more squeamish than before. I hesitated before looking over Cole’s shoulder. Surprised by the wound, I took a closer look. My mother’s leg would be covered with scars when she finally healed, but Daniel’s wound was simply two red spots, which were very swollen and had red lines of infection snaking out from each puncture. 
“The infection is spreading,” Cole said. “I thought we’d be able to make it to Sophia in time. Do you know what Sophia gave your mother? Some of her herbs grow naturally in this area. Maybe we could find something to help him.” 
“I’m not sure. I know she used chamomile and goldenseal in the poultices she put on my mom’s leg, but I don’t know what they look like. Sophia only had the dried powders,” I said. 
“I think I know what they look like,” Cole said thoughtfully, no doubt something else he had read about while bored at his dad’s store. “It’s pretty late in the year to find them, but I’ll try looking.” Cole stared at Daniel, appraising his condition. “Give me a few minutes and I’ll see if I can find anything.” 
“Okay,” I said, “just try to hurry. If you can’t find anything, we’ll have to get him to the hospital as fast as we can. And Claire…” I shook my head. “We can’t give anyone the chance to catch up to us, either.” 
Cole nodded and hurried away. He was disappearing into the scrub brush when Daniel stirred on the table. I looked away, struggling with the idea of saving Daniel even if it meant Claire died. Even if I save them both, I had no plan to keep Daniel and Claire apart. I had thought, at one point, that if Daniel could give her the antidote without ever touching her, the bond would never form, but just them being in the same room with the intensity of bond pulling them toward each other, it would be impossible for them not to touch each other. 
As much as I would want to haul Claire away and never let her touch him, I knew I couldn’t do that to her. If she really wanted Daniel, I would have to find the strength to let her go. Fighting off the truth of the situation, I pressed the palms of my hands into my eyes, using the pain to distract my thoughts. 
“Cole?” Daniel’s voice was low and wheezy. 
I stared at my shoes. “Cole will be back in a minute,” I said. 
Daniel struggled to lift his head. “Uriah?” 
“Yeah,” I said, not looking at him, “don’t try to move, okay?” 
 “I saw her,” Daniel said. “I saw Claire.” 
I turned to face Daniel. “What do you mean you saw her?” I didn’t want to ask, but I had to. I was drowning, not knowing how Claire was doing. I was terrified we would return to my mother’s house only to find that Claire had already slipped away. 
“When I was dreaming,” he said. “It was really strange. I was kind of locked away with the pain. I couldn’t tell where I was. I just felt the pain. Then all of the sudden Claire was next to me, comforting me. The pain went away, and so did my fever. I think it was because of her.” 
“What did she look like?” I whispered. My eyes were burning, but I wouldn’t let Daniel see me cry. 
“She had dark hair and these incredible brown eyes. They were the color of…” 
“Milk chocolate,” I whispered. 
“Yeah,” Daniel said. “She sat by me and told me everything would be okay. I’ve never felt anything like what I felt when she was near me. Even before…” 
Daniel’s voice trailed off, but not quickly enough.
“Before?” I demanded. 
“I’ve seen her in dreams before. For years,” Daniel admitted. “I didn’t think she was real.” 
I knew it was Claire, real as could be, but I refused to acknowledge that to Daniel. How had she been able to comfort him while he was dreaming? Was there even more to the Twin Soul connection than anyone knew? Had she really been able to heal him? 
“She knew my name,” Daniel said quietly. “She’s never said my name before.” 
Unable to bear the possibility that I was too late, I turned away again, my heart on the verge of destruction. 
“Uriah,” Daniel said, painfully pushing himself up further to face me squarely, “is there a way to keep the bond from forming between me and Claire?” 
I was dumbfounded by his question. Hadn’t he just been saying how much she had comforted him, how he had never felt anything like her presence before? I couldn’t understand the reason behind his question. I didn’t have an answer for him either. 
Turning back to him, I said, “I don’t know, Daniel.” 
“I don’t want to take her away from you.” 
“What?” I couldn’t believe he really meant it. “Why wouldn’t you want her? You just said…”
“I know what I said, and I meant it. I’ve never felt such a powerful connection to any person before. Just being near her, even in my dream, I felt so happy it was hard to keep from exploding. But,” he said, “I could never take that away from someone else. I can see how much you love her. I mean you must love her more than I could understand to be doing this, to be willing to lose her to…another guy, in order to save her life. I don’t know if I could do that.” 
“You could if you knew her,” I said quietly. Anyone who had experienced Claire’s beautiful spirit, so full of love and understanding, would do anything to make her happy. 
“Still, I don’t want to be the one to come between you and Claire. I would hate myself for destroying something as special as that,” Daniel said. 
Daniel must have thought that Claire and I shared the same connection he had felt when Claire’s spirit stepped into his dreams. He didn’t understand that it was the bond he was feeling, not just Claire’s goodness. I knew I loved Claire more than my own life, but I also knew Claire and I would never feel the overwhelming joy Daniel had described. That was reserved for Twin Souls alone. I couldn’t bring myself to correct his assumption. 
“If there is anything I can do to keep the bond from forming, I’ll do it,” Daniel said firmly. Saying what he needed to say, Daniel sunk back down to the table. Pain still streaked his features, but the awful heat emanating from him had faded completely. A peace seemed to come over him as he closed his eyes. 
Guilt washed over me for every unkind thought I had harbored for Daniel. He had seemed so immature and carefree just the day before, but I had judged him badly. Underneath his young exterior, he was a better man than me. I could see Claire loving him. 
“Thank you,” I said as a tear escaped my careful control and rolled off my cheek.  
The soft sound of his breathing was deep and regular within seconds. I buried my face in my hands and let the tears fall. Daniel was willing to deny himself the joy of being Claire’s true Twin Soul, just to preserve my love for her, which must be so insignificant, compared to what she could have with him. As grateful as I was to Daniel, I doubted his offer would help in the end. I had no idea how to stop the bond. I realized in that moment, though, that if Claire asked it of me, I would make the same offer to her. Her happiness was the most important thing. 
The truth was hard to face. If at all possible, I would take Daniel’s offer and do everything in my power to keep Claire’s heart from reaching Daniel’s. Talon quietly padded over to me and placed his head in my lap. I had forgotten he was even there. 
Silently he tried to reassure me. “Have faith in your love, Uriah. Do not give up yet.” 
I realized that I must have been projecting every thought and feeling to him during my conversation with Daniel, because he understood my anguish perfectly. “I have to give her up,” I said, “if I can’t stop the bond from forming. I don’t want to do it, though. I want to keep her for myself regardless of the bond. I don’t want to do the right thing. I don’t deserve her, do I?” 
“You will make the right choice. I am sure of that. Don’t let anything else cloud your mind, Uriah. Trust in yourself,” Talon said. “You have been taught well.” 
“I just can’t see things working out anymore,” I admitted. 
“You will survive this. You are much more than you know.” 
“Uriah,” Cole said, running back to the picnic table, “is everything okay?” His gaze went to Daniel, his fingers immediately checking for a pulse. Reassured, he looked at Talon. My animal friend told me the wolves and coyotes were keeping the creature at bay, but it was getting harder for them to keep track of him. 
“Daniel’s fine,” I said. Thanks to Claire, apparently. “Better than before. I think his fever finally broke. He’ll be okay until we get to Sophia. We’re fine with everything else, too, for now. But we better keep moving.” 
“Is something else wrong?” Cole asked. 
I couldn’t help but sniff again and brush at my eyes. I was sure they were red and puffy. Turning away from Cole, I stared at the ground. 
“Everything’s fine. Did you find those herbs?” I asked, not really caring. Daniel would be fine. I was sure of it now. 
“No, I didn’t. It’s too late in the year, I guess,” Cole said. 
I could feel his eyes watching me, trying to decipher what had happened while he was gone. 
“Do you want me to take Daniel?” 
“No,” I said quickly. I wanted to protect him. I felt even more responsible for him than before. “I don’t think he’ll be squirming around too much anymore. I’ll be fine with him.” 
“All right,” Cole said, his expression quizzical. 
“Just get him back on the bike.” 
“Sure,” Cole said. 
Reaching for Daniel, we gently pushed him upright. His eyes opened a little. “Oh, you’re back,” he said to Cole before letting his eyes fall closed again. “Uriah said you would be.” 
Cole looked at me with a sharp expression. “He was awake?” 
I shrugged. Just get him on the bike so we can leave, I pleaded silently. 
“You didn’t think that was worth mentioning, Uriah?” Cole said. 
“It was just for a few seconds. Let’s just go, okay?” 
Cole’s gaze flitted between me and Daniel. His expression relaxed. Whatever he was assuming, it was probably wrong. Once again, I felt no need to correct him. Cole gathered the unconscious Daniel into his arms and I climbed back on the bike. The rope was still necessary, but Daniel was at least holding himself up a little more this time. Four more hours. Talon bounded away and I instantly missed his calming presence. 
 
 
 
Chapter 40
Silent Desert
 
 
The disturbing experience woke me from my strange half sleep. I had no idea how I had reached my dream man but, somehow, I found myself at his side watching him suffer. The pull to go to him was unbearable. 
I didn’t know who this person was, but I didn’t want to have him in my mind. Uriah was the one I loved and would always love, no matter what Quaile tried to tell me. I told myself that over and over again. But I still found myself walking over to him. His body burned with fever. I spotted the bandages on his leg and remembered seeing the animal attack him in a previous dream. It was shocking to realize the dreams were in some way linear, progressing. But to what end? I had been desperately hoping that these dreams were just a bad effect from whatever my dad had drugged me with. The possibility that it was more than that terrified me. 
Kneeling beside him, I reached out to touch his forehead, pulling back at the surprising heat. He muttered words I couldn’t understand. His face clenched in pain as he writhed back and forth. My soul yearned to help him. His pain enveloped me, begging me to free him from his prison. Tears ran down my cheeks as I watched him.  
Quietly, I told him it would be all right, and I prayed I wasn’t lying. The thought of him dying was enough to make uncontrollable tears to break free. I was so confused by these emotions. I didn’t love Daniel. He should have meant nothing to me. Feeling like my own emotions were beyond my control, I struggled to understand what was happening. I couldn’t control the feelings, and I was frightened of their source. 
He was in so much pain, though. He needed me. Uriah would have wanted me to help him. Sitting next to him, I whispered that everything was going to be fine. 
“Daniel,” I whispered without meaning to say the name aloud. My fingers brushed against his burning skin. 
His eyes opened, bright and clear. Daniel’s fever left him instantly. At first, he stared at me, his eyes full of gratitude and love. Suddenly his voice took on a throaty tone, fearful, but I didn’t know why. 
“Claire?” he asked. 
My soul leapt when he said my name, but my heart reared against the implications. I ran from him, back into the darkness. My soul was begging me to go back, but I shook my head violently. I searched the darkness for Uriah. Perhaps he was here, too. I needed him. I didn’t know how much longer I would be able to resist the feelings that had surrounded me when I’d touched Daniel’s fevered skin. 
The rush of longing and the desire for completeness were so overwhelming. I could no longer deny who Daniel was. My entire being confirmed he was my Twin Soul. Even admitting that, I wanted Uriah. I was desperate for his return. I couldn’t withstand Daniel’s pull without him by my side. 
Sure I was alone, I fell to my knees and curled my arms around my shaking body. “Uriah, where are you?” I pleaded. “Come back to me, please. I can’t hold on without you.” 
Tears my physical body couldn’t actually feel, flowed freely. I tried to push the fear away. I needed to be strong. With every tear that fell, I could feel my will slipping away. 
Trying, once again to use my memories of Uriah to keep my heart together, I pulled the passion of our kiss the night he proposed to me. It was the last time he had kissed me so profoundly. I opened my eyes and filled the empty darkness of this place with my thoughts. The memory surrounded me. The sultry breeze I felt that night pulsed against my skin and made my hair dance in it. I looked to where Uriah should have been. 
Sandy blonde hair and blue eyes stared back at me. Gasping in surprise, I scrambled away from the image. Daniel’s expression wrinkled in confusion. My eyes darted around me. Everything was the same as it had been that day. The window of the jeweler’s store was dark beside us. I was standing on the sidewalk in Santa Fe, but Uriah wasn’t here. Daniel stood in his place, reaching his hand out to me. 
My head shook as I pressed my eyes closed against the tears. Slowly, I opened them again, trying to capture the vision of the man I loved. Only Daniel stared back at me. Tears spilled down my cheeks as I turned and ran. I could hear Daniel calling after me, but I kept running. Not even my memories were safe anymore. 
Stumbling through the brush, I screamed Uriah’s name. The silent desert echoed my own voice back to me. Slowly my feet lost their rhythm and I sank to my knees. “Uriah, where are you?” I cried. “Where are you? I need you.” 
Over and over I called out to him, but he never came. I fell sobbing into the burning sand and cried as the grains bit into my skin. Was it ever going to end? 
 
 
 
Chapter 41
Confrontation
 
 
“We’re almost to Santa Fe,” Cole’s voice crackled over the headset. “How’s Daniel doing?” 
“Still out of it,” I replied. 
“We’re going to have to take the back roads, then. People are going to think it’s a little weird if we ride through town with Daniel tied to your back.” 
“Yeah, probably. The animals will be able to keep track of us better that way, anyway. The creature is taking more risks. I think he knows we’re getting close. The wolves ran it off an hour ago,” I said. 
The Matwau had come back just as quickly, unfortunately. The wolves hadn’t been able to do any damage to the creature, either. It may have only been testing their response, but the lead wolf thought he had been trying to get around the sentries and couldn’t. I could feel its presence. It was patiently biding its time, staying on the edges of our circle of protectors. 
“Do you think it knows where we’re going?” Cole asked. 
“Yeah, I think it does. I think it can feel Claire, just like it seems to be able to feel Daniel. He’ll attack before we reach San Juan,” I said with surety. 
“Great,” Cole muttered. 
Cole took the lead, guiding us through streets with less traffic as we tried to avoid rousing the residents’ interest. I barely paid attention to our surroundings, my mind too filled with Claire. The whole trip, I had been pushing for us to move more quickly, but now that we were less than an hour away, the truth of the situation began to weigh heavily on me. 
I felt sure I would lose Claire, and I was trying my best to handle the emotions that brought up. There was still a small grain of hope but, after Daniel’s offer, I had to finally tell myself I would give her up if she wanted me to. If there was some way to stay with her, I would of course leap at it. If not, I could at least give her a chance to find true happiness. 
“Uriah,” Cole said when we were back on the empty highway, “do you have a plan?” 
“For the creature?” I asked, knowing he was speaking of Claire. 
“For Daniel and Claire,” Cole said. “I’ll help you if you need it.” 
“Thanks, Cole, but I don’t know if there’s anything to do. Once they’re in the same room with each other, I’m afraid it will already be too late.” 
I had wracked my brain the whole trip, replaying every conversation I’d had with Quaile, every story my mother had told me, but there was nothing there to help me. Claire’s strand of hair was still safely hidden in my pocket. Thankful I hadn’t needed it, I intended to keep it there. At least I would have something of her to carry with me. 
 “If you did keep their souls from bonding, what would Daniel think?” Cole wondered. “When he’s right there with her, would he agree to go along with any plan you might come up with?” 
He already has. I wondered about Daniel’s experience with Claire in his dreams. The feelings he described seemed too intense to have been imagined. Was it really only a dream? Were Claire and Daniel already connected in some way? 
Daniel’s chivalrous offer to turn away from Claire made me reconsider my selfish desire many times. I tried to bury the impulses, but they kept creeping back into my mind, forcing me to face what was really important, Claire’s life, not my happiness. 
“Daniel has already agreed to help me,” I said, trying to keep any feeling from my voice. 
“Really?” Cole considered my words. “Why would he do that?” 
I knew the real reason for Daniel’s decision, but I couldn’t bring myself to explain it to Cole. “He doesn’t want to come between me and Claire. It’s as simple as that,” I said. 
“As simple as that, huh?” 
“Yeah, so drop it, okay?” I knew Cole didn’t deserve the harsh words, but it was taking what little control I had left just to keep myself from dissolving into a pool of fear and hopelessness. Cole must have heard the desperation in my voice, because he didn’t press the subject. 
Talon was still out of sight, but his thoughts drifted in to mine. “You are stronger than you think, Uriah. Stay focused on your task.”   
I nodded to myself. His words were firm and commanding. “I will.” 
However, even Talon’s order could not hold off the fear that slapped me when the little sign announcing San Juan Pueblo came into view. The Matwau wouldn’t wait much longer. 
“He’s coming,” Talon warned. “Prepare yourself!” 
“Cole, get into town,” I yelled. There was nothing he could do to help and, with Daniel strapped to me, I was practically useless as well. “Can you hold him off?” I asked Talon. 
“Yes. Leave now!” 
Putting all my trust in Talon, I raced toward Claire. Cole was well ahead of me, flying over the pocked dirt roads. I tried to keep pace with him, but I was afraid that with Daniel behind me, one bad move would throw us from the bike. The cluster of buildings marking our home rose before me. I swerved back and forth, darting between angry pedestrians. 
No doubt I would have a lot to explain when things calmed down. The battle started behind me. The eager coyotes were the first to engage the Matwau. Two of their voices faded from my mind immediately. The wolves arrived then. Talon was hanging back, protecting our retreat. 
I could feel the frustration in the animals’ minds as they were slowly pushed back. The angry yelp of a wolf streaked through my mind as he fell behind, his leg too injured to continue. Talon’s thoughts were getting more nervous. He was anxious to join the fight, but wouldn’t leave us unprotected. 
Turning the last corner, my street came into view. Anger blossomed in my mind from a dozen voices. The Matwau had broken away from the wolves and coyotes. Talon roared audibly. Even as far away as we were now, I could still hear his anger as if he were next to me. 
“He’s coming straight for you! He knows exactly where you are,” Talon warned, sprinting toward us. 
“Cole, where are you?” I asked. If the Matwau could keep pace with us on the interstate, he would have no trouble catching up with us. 
“I’m almost to your mom’s. Where are you?” Cole asked. 
“I just turned onto my street. The creature got away from the wolves. Talon is trying to chase him down, but keep your eyes open,” I said. 
“Who’s Talon?” Cole asked. 
“The mountain lion, he’s chasing the creature, but I don’t think he’ll catch up in time.” 
“I’m at the house, now,” Cole said. “I don’t see anything yet. Hurry up.” 
 I steered around the well-known potholes as I raced for my house. The back tire of my bike tore at the earth, spraying gravel and dirt out behind me as I throttled the engine harder.  I couldn’t stop. Claire was waiting. 
My vision blurred in and out as I tried to remain focused on the danger around me. The Matwau’s bulky grey form broke into view. No matter how hard I pushed the bike’s engine, the Matwau kept pace, its long wolf stride running parallel to the bike. 
I could see the house, my house, where Claire waited, dying. I could just make out Quaile now, standing outside the door, her face twisted with worry. Time was running out. The Matwau had almost reached me. Gripping the brakes, I pulled too hard, too fast, sending the bike over in a cloud of dust in my race to reach the house before the Matwau did. The bike slid across the hard earth, but whatever wounds the dirt and gravel inflicted, I couldn’t feel them. Blood pounded in my head. 
Cole was back outside by the time I regained my senses. His hands flashed across the rope bindings, releasing me in mere seconds. I crawled out of the bonds as soon as they were loose enough. Cole caught Daniel as the kid slid down weakly. Standing to help Cole, my back was to the road. 
“Uriah!” Cole’s eyes were wide. Terror paralyzed him midway through lifting Daniel. 
Free of the bike, I immediately jumped to my feet. I was sure I was moving as fast as I could, but the world seemed to have lost its momentum. The trees slid past my view slowly and the breeze seemed frozen in place. Emerging from the dust cloud, the Matwau fixed me in its sights. 
Facing the Matwau, I watched as its haggard face fired with ecstasy. He was his human self once again, but he was no longer the man from the Vital Records office or the man who had faced us before attacking Daniel. A maniacal cackle split the air. 
“I have won!” he screamed. “Give me the boy.” 
“You haven’t won anything, yet,” I spat. 
I stepped toward him. I balled my fists, ready for the inevitable fight. I prepared myself for the agonizing fire touching him would bring. All I had to do was keep my punches short. I couldn’t let him gain a secure hold on me. 
“Matwau.” 
The hissing voice startled me. I wanted to look back and confirm its source, but I was afraid of taking my eyes off my enemy. 
“You do not belong here. Leave now,” Quaile said. Her voice was hard and commanding. 
She did know about the creature, I realized. She even knew its name. I would definitely have a serious conversation with her if any of us survived this. 
The Matwau cringed in her presence. “You do not command me, woman. I will have my quarry.” 
“I will not allow it,” Quaile said. Her voice was steel. “Daniel is under my protection.” 
The Matwau bared his teeth, growling ferociously. He rushed forward, his eyes locked on his prey. Quaile stepped right in his path. Stunned, I pushed my limbs to move, fearing she would be torn apart. My jaw dropped when the man reached the elderly woman and was flung backward. 
“Quaile,” I started, but her weathered hand rose, bidding me to stay back. 
Heaving for breath, the man shook violently as he tried to right himself. A vicious anger laced his features. “No!” he yelled. His body trembled with the effort. 
“You have lost Daniel, Matwau. Leave now,” Quaile demanded. The power in her voice seemed to seep into the very atmosphere, binding the man by her words. The Matwau screamed in fury, his hands balled up and slashed through the air defiantly. An instant later, his snarl turned up, a conniving smile directed at me. 
“Then I will take Uriah in his place,” he said pointing to me. 
“You would not dare. You will fight eventually, but not now when you are so weak and where I can aid him in your destruction. I would love to help rid the world of you, but I have more important business to attend to. The girl is barely hanging on. Be gone, before I change my mind and set the boy’s powers lose on you,” Quaile said. 
My head was swimming. What was she talking about? When I left two days ago, she said she didn’t know the true meaning of her visions, that she had done all she could to help. Now she spoke with this creature as if they had known each other all their lives, and of me as if she knew my purpose and future. Even if not as a friend, she definitely knew the creature. She had hidden her knowledge of this enemy from me deliberately. I was beginning to suspect she had hidden other important details as well. 
“Be gone, Matwau,” Quaile hissed, stepping toward the cringing man. 
“I will not leave without killing one of them!” 
Fury at everyone and everything that had brought me to this point boiled under my skin. The creature was stronger, faster, more experienced than I. But I would not be stopped. I would reach Claire. If I was certain of anything, and there was precious little I was certain about at the moment, I was certain of one thing. The Matwau would not stop me from reaching Claire’s side. 
Quaile speaking again kept me from leaping forward. 
“Killing either one of them will ruin everything. I will do everything in my power to stop you, Matwau.” 
Quaile looked resolute but, for a moment, the Matwau looked as confused as I did. Quaile was protecting me because of whatever meaning there was in her vision, but what would Daniel dying have to do with anything? Something in her words sparked my mind to come alive. The only way Daniel could matter was because he was connected to Claire. 
Quaile demanded once again that the Matwau leave. Rage roared out of the Matwau, splitting his body and reshaping it in an instant. The huge wolf form snarled, wanting to ravage the woman in front of him. Another low rumble joined his, snapping the Matwau’s massive head to the side. Talon’s paws threw up rocks and dirt as he skidded into the gravel driveway. 
The Matwau had reached its tipping point. 
With a cry of deep frustration, he turned and launched himself at me. Quaile screamed for me to attack and my body responded before I could even think to move. Power built in my muscles, strengthening them beyond what was humanly possible. Propelling myself right into the creature’s path, I locked my arms around it. Fire raced through my body from the contact as I flung it into the ground. The snapping of bones echoed in my ears, but didn’t stop the Matwau’s attack. 
Claws and teeth raked the air as he tried to tear my flesh. Pure reflex snapped my body back and forth to cut off his attacks. My thoughts focused completely on Claire, and I pushed harder than ever. I was so close to saving her. I had gone clear across the desert to find Daniel and bring him back to her. I couldn’t stop now. Smashing my fist into the creature’s side, I saw its ribcage collapse. Fury screamed out of the Matwau’s shattered body, but it didn’t give up. 
Broken bones meshed back together as he shivered in my grip. He was trying to change again, but I refused to let him heal his wounds and prolong the fight. I had to get to Claire. Nothing was as important as saving her life. Heaving the beast into my arms I threw him as far away from me as I could. His body slammed into the ground, a blast of sand spraying into the air far enough away that it was barely noticeable to anyone but me. 
Releasing an infuriated howl that said he knew he was outmatched, the Matwau pulled himself up and raced away from the ranch with ground eating strides. I didn’t even wait to see where he was going. Claire was the only thought in my mind. She was dying and I had to save her. Daniel. I spun around to find him. 
Quaile caught my eyes, but turned away when I looked at her. Disgust welled up in me for her lies, but I had no time for her. “Cole, let’s get him inside.” 
Cole snapped out of the pose he had frozen in at the sight of the Matwau, and together we rushed an unconscious Daniel into the house. I stumbled in, hardly aware of anything but Claire. 
 
 
 
Chapter 42
Rescue
 
 
“Uriah,” my mother cried, “oh thank goodness you’re safe.” Propped in a chair, she watched us carry Daniel into the room. Her face paled at the sight of him, but she remained quiet. 
“Uriah, Cole, let me help you,” Sarah Brant said, rushing toward us. 
“We’re fine. Just get him some pillows. Is Sophia here?” 
A clatter from the kitchen preceded her answer. “Yes, she is,” Sarah said. “She’s not in a very good mood. Quaile forbid us to leave the house after you got back, and Sophia has never taken well to following Quaile’s orders. She’s getting everything ready for the antidote.” 
Sarah placed a few pillows on the floor and backed away. Sophia bustled into the room. The antidote was ready, just waiting for Claire’s Twin Soul to give it to her. I had brought him so far. 
“What happened?” she asked. She glanced at my cuts and bruises, but there was no time for any of that right now. Her eyes turned to Daniel, then, and she repeated her question. 
I didn’t know how to explain what had actually happened to him, so I kept the answer simple. “A snake bit him,” I said. 
Sophia rushed over to Daniel and stripped away his bandages. Her breath caught in her throat at the sight of his wound. No ordinary snake could have made those punctures. 
“A snake did this?” 
“It was a really big snake,” Cole said, his face serious. 
“Apparently,” Sophia muttered. “What have you given him already?” 
“Just some aspirin. It was all we had,” Cole said. “I let it bleed for a few seconds in case of poison, but I didn’t know what to do about the infection. He had a really bad fever, but it finally broke earlier this afternoon.” 
“He’s been unconscious almost all day,” I said. I wondered if he could administer the antidote if he wouldn’t wake up. 
“We’ll deal with the infection first,” Sophia said. “I’ll be right back.” 
No longer as concerned with Daniel now that he was in Sophia’s care, my gaze found Claire. My feet were quick to follow. Carefully, I sat beside her on the bed and took her hand in mine. As soon as I touched her, color flooded to her cheeks. My heart nearly lost its rhythm. She could feel me. I kissed her forehead as I lifted her head and cradled it in my lap. She had changed so much since I had left her. 
Her skin was looser, her hair duller, her eyelids ringed with deep purple. The fragile bones in her hands were more visible than they had been before. Whatever it was doing to her, she was fighting it. I had been so worried the poison would take her before I could get back, but I shouldn’t have doubted Claire’s strength. I should have known she would fight against the potion’s effects. She held on long enough for me to reach her. 
Sophia hurried back into the room, her arms full of supplies. I turned away and my attention fixed on Claire’s beautiful face. How many times had I kissed her, ran my fingers along her jaw, held her warm body against mine? Would I ever do those things again? With every stroke of my fingers, a soft breath escaped Claire’s mouth. I closed my eyes, focusing on her beating heart. I prayed it still beat for me.   
“Cole?”
The sound of Daniel’s voice drained the feeling from my body. My stiff fingers stopped mid stroke. My gaze fell on Sophia. She woke him up. My eyes were wide, filled with fear. My time with Claire was running out. I wasn’t ready to let her go. Would she remember my love for her? 
“He’s awake,” I whispered. 
“Why are you staring at me like that, Uriah? I woke him up with smelling salts,” she said. “He wasn’t in a coma. He was just exhausted from the fever.” 
Cole came to my side and put a gentle hand on my shoulder. “It’s okay, Uriah. It’s almost over now.” His words slammed the breath out of my chest. 
“It is, isn’t it?” I said. “It’s almost over.” 
Realizing how I had taken his words, Cole hurried to add something comforting. “You don’t know that for sure, Uriah. She’s strong. She loves you. Maybe she’ll still remember.” 
“Maybe,” was all I could say. 
 “What are you two carrying on about?” Sophia demanded. “I need some help moving him. Now let’s get on with it. Cole, help him into a chair while I get the herbs for him.” 
Cole squeezed my shoulder before moving to obey Sophia’s command. Daniel blinked his bleary eyes as Cole pulled him into a standing position and helped him stumble over to a hardback chair. Cole turned the chair to face away from Claire before setting Daniel down in it. I thanked him silently for his thoughtfulness. Probably sensing Claire, Daniel struggled to turn and find her. It was already starting. 
Stepping quickly, Sophia came back into the room with a small cup balanced in the palm of one hand and a small satchel in her other hand. “Here it is, Uriah,” Sophia said. “Daniel just needs to mix in the herbs and hold the cup as he gives her the tea, I think. Claire’s fading fast, though. She’s still unconscious, Uriah. I’m not sure how to get her to drink it.” 
“Just give it to her,” I heard myself pleading, almost growling. She had to live, no matter what happened after. 
 “It will only take a few drops,” Quaile said quietly. She leaned heavily on a walking stick as she strode to the center of the room. “But it’s not quite that simple.” 
“Enough with the riddles,” Sophia said venomously, clearly tired of Quaile’s half-answers and veiled lies. The past few days must have worn on her patience greatly. 
I was completely sympathetic to her irritation. I had plenty of things to say to Quaile when Claire was finally safe again. 
Quaile looked away, her fingers twisting her skirt nervously. The corner of her mouth twitched as she unsuccessfully tried to keep it from falling into a deep frown. Her eyes took on the glassy glaze of tears. “There is one more ingredient,” Quaile said with trembling lips. 
Sophia stared at her, the look promising a heated response if she had to wait much longer. 
My hands started to tremble. Quaile had hidden more from me. I clenched my jaw to hold my hatred for her inside. There was something else, something she knew would seal Claire’s fate. I felt my last particle of hope slip away. 
“His blood,” Quaile blurted out. “The boy’s blood must be mixed in with the herbs.” 
“What?” I exploded. Before I could stop myself, I was on my feet, my rage carrying me across the room. My hands gripped her frail shoulders roughly. She winced under my touch, but faced me regardless of her fear. “How could you?” I hissed. “You lied to me, Quaile! You told me there was hope, when all along you knew there wasn’t. How could you do that to me?” 
Quaile’s frightened eyes pleaded with me for understanding. “I didn’t know if you would still go if I told you the truth,” she said. 
Double sounds of disgust came from my mother and Sophia. Quaile glanced at them, begging for forgiveness. 
“I’m sorry, Uriah. I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have doubted you. I was just trying to protect Claire.” 
I shoved her away from me, too angry to even look at her. My breath came in gasping chunks. My vision blurred and I suddenly couldn’t find my footing. I sank to my knees. I thought I had prepared myself for this, but now that I was truly facing reality, my heart shattered. His blood. She was lost to me forever. 
“I can’t lose her, not now, not after everything we’ve been through. I don’t know if I can live without her.” I wasn’t sure whether I was speaking aloud or not. I had lost all feeling except for the crippling pain in my chest. 
Soft shaking hands touched my face and pulled my head up. Sarah Brant’s face was inches in front of mine. Her cheeks were red and tear streaked, but filled with desperation. “Uriah,” she pleaded, “if we don’t give Claire the antidote, she’ll die. I’m so sorry.” 
I knew she was right, but all I could think about was how impossible life would be without Claire. Stumbling to my feet, I rushed to her, gathering her body into my arms. I needed just a few more seconds with her before I lost her forever. Her contented sigh was crystalline music. She had fought against the shaxoa’s poison, but I couldn’t expect her to resist this as well. I had to let her go. Tears slipped down my cheeks, splashing on Claire’s forehead. I brushed them away, relishing the gentle warmth of her skin. 
“I’m sorry, Claire,” I whispered, my body sinking back onto the couch. 
Sounds of a struggle pushed toward me. “Wait, what’s going on?” Daniel asked as he was pushed toward Claire.  
“Put the herbs in the tea,” Sophia instructed. 
Daniel hesitated. 
“Now!” 
Daniel hurriedly tipped the satchel, spilling the powder into the hot water. 
“I’m going to prick your finger, Daniel,” Sophia said, grabbing his hand roughly. “I only need a few drops.” 
“No, wait, I promised Uriah. Wait, I…ouch!” Daniel exclaimed. He hissed as Sophia held his finger tightly, squeezing his blood into the cup. I shut out the sounds around me, unable to bear the scene. 
My mom’s touch was slight and hesitant, but it was enough. Cole helped her sit down next to me and then moved away. My mom’s arm slid around me, her head resting against my shoulder. “It will be all right, Uriah. No matter what happens, it will work out for the best.” Her voice gave away the lie in her words. 
“Mom, what will I do without her?” I whispered. Tears I had struggled to keep hidden flooded out with my admission. “She’s my life. How do I walk away?” 
“Shhh,” my mother crooned. “Claire is strong and so are you. You can both fight this. Have faith, son.” 
Don’t give me hope, I pleaded silently. I had nothing left. For the past two days, I had fueled every step with hope that somehow I would save Claire and keep her love for me intact. I didn’t think I could live without her, but my heart held itself together knowing she would survive. Nothing was more important than that. 
Claire had been my source of joy even before the day she turned up on the riverbank. Every breath I took was for her. Every decision I made was for her happiness. What would my life mean without her in it? My mother was wrong. I wasn’t strong enough to survive losing Claire. But I knew Claire would live and be happy. At least I could give her that one last gift. 
“Uriah, we’re ready,” Sarah said. A reluctant Daniel was being towed behind her. He was trying desperately to get away from her, but Sarah’s grip was firm. “Daniel, calm yourself. All you have to do is give her the tea.” 
“But I promised Uriah. I can’t take her away from him,” Daniel said, his voice pleading. His eyes, though, were drinking Claire in hungrily. 
“Daniel, if you don’t give her the tea, she’ll die,” Sophia said. “Either way you’ll be taking her away, but this way, she’ll still be alive. Give her the tea.” 
Daniel looked at me, searching for guidance. 
“Do it, Daniel,” I said softly. “It’s okay.” 
Still unsure, he hesitated. Sophia pulled his hand up and set the cup squarely on his palm. Holding the cup with both hands, Daniel stared at its contents. I watched him, knowing this was how it had to be. 
With shaking hands, Daniel stepped closer to Claire. As he approached, I could feel Claire’s heartbeat quicken. Her shallow breathing became more labored. Her reaction brought tears to my eyes. Suddenly, I couldn’t catch my breath. My mother gripped my shoulders tightly, her nails digging painfully through my shirt. 
Pain, it was the only sensation my mind seemed capable of registering. I embraced it. Daniel was at the bed now, lowering the cup to Claire’s lips. Gently, Daniel opened her mouth. Claire’s face flushed with color at his touch. Her heart was racing, begging for release. I couldn’t stop the choking sob that erupted from me. I didn’t even try to hold back the hot tears now. Slowly, Daniel dripped the first few drops into Claire’s mouth. 
A gasping breath was torn from the deepest part of Claire’s body. Startled by the reaction, Daniel pulled back, and then it hit. It was just the barest hint of feeling, but everyone in the room recognized it. Every second strengthened the intoxicating aura. I clenched my eyes shut, but I couldn’t stop it from permeating every particle of my body. Opening my eyes again, I watched the look on Daniel’s face change. Desire and longing washed away any doubt or fear, and any remembrance of promises made to me. 
He brought the cup back to her lips, pouring the precious liquid into her mouth drop by drop. The transformation in Claire was astounding. Color returned to her skin. The sallow, sunken crevices were rejuvenated. Even her dark silky hair was revived, lustrous in the firelight. 
“Claire,” Daniel breathed, as if he had just seen her for the first time. 
It was painful to hear him speak her name. Daniel’s hand came up, her glowing skin calling to him. “Don’t,” I whispered. 
I couldn’t watch him touch Claire in the same way I had. Daniel stared at me in confusion, but held his hand back. The pity on every face in the room was almost enough to break my hold, but I needed just a few more seconds. 
“Uriah?” Her voice was soft and weak, but it pierced me to my soul. 
“Claire,” I cried as her face turned to me. “Claire, I love you.” 
She smiled and touched my face before her features clouded into a confused stupor. Slowly, she tore her gaze from me as my heart begged her not to. I wanted to grab her chin, force it back to my face but, in this at least, I was able to restrain myself. 
“Daniel?” Claire asked. The ache in her voice was palpable. 
She knew his name. She knew Daniel was the source of her rescue, not me. Why, I screamed in silence, why couldn’t it have been me? 
“Oh, Daniel,” Claire said, her face lighting up. She gazed at him adoringly until a flash of pain darkened her features. She turned back to me in a panic. “No. Oh, no. Uriah, what’s going on? Why is he here?” 
“I came to save you,” Daniel interrupted. His brows wrinkled, confused by why Claire would ask such an obvious question. 
Her hand reached out to him, the desire to touch him too much to resist. But at his touch she pulled back. She shook her head. “No, Uriah was going to save me. Uriah will always be the one to save me,” she said, her head turning back to me with a question in her eyes. 
I couldn’t bear her gaze. 
“Uriah?” 
“I couldn’t save you, Claire. I had to bring him here. I’m so sorry.” I buried my face in her hair, letting her silken locks soak up my tears. 
Claire’s voice turned murderous. “Where is my dad?” 
At this, Sarah stepped forward. Her glare was only slightly less condemning than her daughter’s. “He is being dealt with,” her mother said. “All that matters now is that you’re all right.” 
“No,” Claire said, her gaze darting back and forth between me and Daniel, “that isn’t all that matters.” 
Her voice was shrill and scared. She looked at Daniel and lost all momentum. Faced with the inexplicable pull we could all feel between them, everything seemed to become clear. Her body pulled away from me slightly. The pull was so strong, but she managed to hold back long enough to say, “Oh, Uriah, I’m so sorry.” 
“I don’t understand,” Daniel said quietly. “Does she feel what I feel, or does she still love Uriah?” 
I pulled Claire away from my chest. I needed the same question answered. “Claire?” I asked. “Do you still love me?” 
“Yes, of course, but…” she hesitated. Claire glanced around the room, fearful of what everyone else might be thinking of her. 
“Remarkable,” Quaile whispered. 
My body froze at the sound of her voice. I didn’t want to hear anything she had to say, but Claire didn’t know of her treachery yet. 
“Quaile, what’s going on? I still love Uriah, but it’s different, like a memory I can’t quite remember. Daniel being here, it’s changing everything.” Her gaze rolled over to Daniel slowly. “I don’t even know him, but…I love him, too. Or, I feel…I don’t know what I want. What’s happening to me?” she demanded of Quaile. 
“It’s the bond, Claire. I told you this would happen. Daniel is your Twin Soul. You belong together. You always have,” Quaile said. 
“But…I didn’t want this,” Claire said desperately. Daniel took a step closer to her and she shuddered under the power of the bond. “I mean…I do, but this isn’t right. It can’t be right. I don’t want to let go of Uriah. He’s everything to me.” 
Daniel’s face fell. “You don’t want me?” 
Claire’s eyes flew wide. I could feel the atmosphere between them change. Claire reacted to his pain, pulling away from me and reaching for Daniel. I couldn’t bring myself to let go of her other hand, but Daniel was quick to take the hand she offered him. Claire stood, fixed between us, torn by memories of our past together and the promise of a future with Daniel. 
“Daniel,” she said, her anguish melting in the face of their contact. 
My hand slipped from hers. 
She looked back at me apologetically even as she stepped closer to Daniel. “I’m so confused.” 
“Daniel,” Sarah said, taking him gently by the shoulders, “why don’t we step into the kitchen for a few minutes. You must be hungry after your ordeal.” 
Daniel tried to protest, but Sarah gently pulled his hand from Claire’s and pushed him out of the room. Taking the hint, Cole helped my mother to her feet and they followed Sarah into the kitchen. Quaile was the last to leave but, finally, I was left alone with Claire. 
The thought of snatching Claire off the bed and running for the truck grabbed me, almost strong enough to actually make me do it. Her hand was still outstretched, exactly where Daniel had left it. 
“Claire,” I said softly. My hand closed over hers and pulled it to my chest. My steady heartbeat pulsed under her hand. It still beat for her, only for her. I was begging her feel me now. I was begging for one more chance to keep her. 
“Uriah,” she said. “Please don’t leave me.” 
“I won’t leave, Claire,” I said, “not unless you want me to.” 
It killed me to utter the words. I would force myself to live up to them, but the words felt like a dagger. I waited for her response. It should have been easy for her to say she would never ask me to leave. She’d said it so many times before, but I waited. 
“Please say it,” I said without realizing the words had actually left my lips. 
“I want to, but I don’t want it to be a lie.” 
My hands fell limply from hers. I imagined myself standing and walking to the door, vanishing from her life, from life itself, but I was frozen where I sat, burning up next to the fire. I had tried to prepare myself for this. I knew in the deepest parts of my mind it could end no other way, but for so long I had held her close, warming myself in memories of our life together. It would all end here, in the place we had spent countless hours wrapped in each other’s arms. 
“Uriah, please. Please don’t look at me that way. I want you to stay, I do, but this feeling,” she said, “it’s so strong. I just don’t know how long I can fight it. I’m afraid that I won’t be strong enough to hold onto you. Please.” Her hands grappled for mine, bringing them to her damp cheeks. “Please save me from this, Uriah.” 
“I can’t,” I croaked. “I couldn’t save you before, and I can’t save you now.” 
Claire’s face crumpled and fell against my shoulder. I knew her tears were soaking through my shirt, but I was numb to everything. Even as she cried and begged me to rescue her, I could feel it. Every second the bond between Claire and Daniel grew stronger. As strong as she was, she couldn’t hold it off forever. The longer I stayed, deluding myself we could still be together, would only cause her more pain. Maybe this was what my dad meant when he said I had to be strong. Staying here was only hurting her. 
Gently, I kissed the top of Claire’s forehead before pushing her body away from me. She stared at me, her head shaking back and forth. I don’t know how long it was before I was able to form the words I needed to say. They stuck in my throat, my heart battling against my mind. Claire wouldn’t want me much longer, and who was I to ask her to give Daniel up just for my sake. The feeling stretching between them was amazing, ecstasy in its purest form. But for me, this phenomenon caused a pain more intense than I could ever have imagined. 
“I can’t stay here, Claire,” I said, finally able to choke the words out. “You belong with Daniel now.” 
“But you can’t leave,” she said in a panicked voice. 
I shook my head slowly. I was only torturing her by staying. 
“What will I do without you?” she asked. 
“You’ll be happy, like you were meant to be.” I knew it was true, and I was surprised by the peace saying it granted me. 
“Please don’t do this, Uriah,” she pleaded. “If you go now, I know I’ll forget how much I love you.” 
“I know you will, Claire,” I said, “but you’re supposed to. And I’m supposed to move on without you.” 
Move on. I laughed at the thought. I was glad Claire would live a life of happiness with Daniel, but I had every intention of seeking out the Matwau and letting him have the fight he wanted so badly. He would kill me before he even realized I wasn’t fighting back. 
Suddenly, I couldn’t bear to be near her for another second. I had to get away. Pushing Claire away gently, I stood and stalked away from her. Her sob of surprise gave me a second’s pause, but its sharp edges sliced at my remaining strength and I rushed to the refuge of my bedroom. Slamming the door, I reached for my hiking pack and started piling my belongings into its many pockets. 
My hands faltered when I saw the laptop computer sitting on my desk. There was little chance I would actually follow through with my college classes, now. I wanted to take it, despite my destination, but I couldn’t bring myself to touch it. I turned away from the computer and moved on to the bathroom. 
“Uriah!” 
My mother’s voice was tight and sharp. In my haste to escape, I hadn’t even thought about her. She needed me right now, but I couldn’t stay. Her worried face made me reconsider my plan. Could I really put her through losing another person she loved? She was still grieving for my father and I wanted to add to her grief by throwing my life away just to quiet my own pain. It was one of the most selfish things I had ever considered, but I couldn’t live with such amazing pain. Eventually she would forget about me, just as Claire would. 
“Uriah, wait,” my mother pleaded. She hobbled closer to me, leaning heavily on a walking stick. “Don’t leave without telling me goodbye.” 
Guilt swept over me. It would be a final goodbye, and I could barely stand to give her even that. “I can’t stay here. It hurts too much.” 
“I know, Uriah. I know,” she said, finally reaching me and slipping her hand into mine. “I understand why you have to go, and it is okay. I won’t try to stop you. I just want to make sure you have everything you need.” Pulling a small envelope out of her sweater pocket, she handed it to me with an understanding smile. “It isn’t much, but it’s yours.” 
I touched the white paper, gently lifting the flap. A stack of bills greeted me. “Where did you get this?” I asked. 
“I’ve been saving it for a special occasion. Now it’s yours,” she said. Her face turned more serious. Her eyes locked with mine. 
I could feel her desperation. 
“Uriah, this will pass. I can’t imagine what pain this has brought you, but eventually it will pass. You will move on with your life and find happiness again. I know you will. You have to try.” 
I stared at her. Did she know what I was planning to do? She waited for my reassurance that I would try to find joy with someone else, to promise I wasn’t about to do was I was planning to do, but I couldn’t lie to her. 
“I don’t know if I believe that.” 
It was the best I could offer. Her lip quivered at my response, but she pulled me into a hug, crushing me with the surprising strength her small body possessed. Why wasn’t I as strong as she was? 
Pulling away, I swung the pack on my back and stepped around her. “Be careful,” she begged before I slipped out of her sight. 
 
 
 
Chapter 43
Escape
 
 
The full force of their bond hit me when I turned the corner. Daniel sat next to her, comforting her more profoundly than I ever could. The bond was already twice as strong as it had been before. Love filled the room, pushing out every other emotion except the agony I held close to my heart. Daniel looked up at me, an apology plain on his face. There was nothing left to say. I couldn’t blame him for this, even though I wanted to. I knew I was making the right choice. 
Blocking everything out, I pushed the door open and escaped the house, filling my lungs with the dry desert air. 
My head a little clearer, I stared across the sandstone wasteland. The creature was out there somewhere, waiting for me. Not keen on the idea of beginning my search on foot, I turned for the garage, but fell back instantly. I couldn’t take the truck. A light movement caught my eye, bringing my gaze to the motorcycles. Quaile stood next to the bikes, scratching Talon’s ears. Every hair on my head stood on end, bristling with anger. 
“Get out of my way, Quaile. You’re not going to stop me,” I said. 
“I’m not here to stop you from leaving, Uriah. However, I am going to stop you from getting yourself killed.” 
“You don’t know anything about me or my future.” 
“Don’t I?” she questioned. “Then you are not planning to seek out the Matwau so he can end your pain, and your life?” 
“How,” my voice faltered, “how can you know that?” 
“I saw it the second you formed the idea in your mind,” she said. She stepped closer to me, placing a firm finger on my chest. “You cannot do that, Uriah.” 
“Oh? And why not?” Her cryptic warnings would do nothing but encourage me at that point. 
“Because you are meant for more than that,” she said simply. 
“I don’t care!” I yelled. “You have lied to me and tricked me into doing what you wanted, but no more, Quaile. I will decide what path my life takes, even if it’s to my death. I don’t want to hear any more of your warnings or visions. I want you to leave me alone!” 
I pushed her away from me, bringing a low growl from Talon. 
“She is only trying to help you, Uriah. Listen to her,” Talon said, concern filling his feline eyes. 
“I can’t trust her.” 
“She did lie to you before, but she is telling the truth now.” Talon’s thoughts were firm. 
“How can you know that?” I asked. “Can she speak to you?”    
“No, but I can hear her thoughts. Shamans can call out to animals for help. That is all. I can hear her thoughts, and she is not trying to mislead you this time,” Talon said. 
“I still don’t trust her,” I told him, making for the motorcycle. I knew it wasn’t mine to take, but Thomas would just have to consider it payment for saving his daughter’s life. I reached for the ignition where I was sure I’d left the keys, but the slot was empty. 
Quaile’s shadow fell over me, the keys dangling from her hand. I tried to snatch them away, growling when I missed. “You can have her back,” she said quietly. 
“What?” I must have misunderstood her.  
“Claire, you can still have her back.” 
The blood in my veins seemed to stop flowing. My lungs refused to expand. “What do you mean?” 
“There is a way to sever the Twin Soul bond,” Quaile said quietly. “I don’t know how to do it, but there is one who does.”
“How?” 
“Go to our Tewa cousins in Hano. I have heard rumor that there is a shaxoa there who knows the secrets of the dark spirits. She will be able to tell you how to sever the bond.” 
“Why can’t I just go to the shaxoa here?” I asked, wondering if this was another of Quaile’s tricks. 
“Zarafen only dabbles in the dark spirits’ lore. She knows little of their workings. You must go to Hano,” Quaile said. 
“Why are you telling me this now?” I asked. “Does this have something to do with your visions of me?” 
“No, it has nothing to do with that. It probably goes against them, in fact,” she muttered. “I despise any shaxoa and the work they do, and I would never have mentioned this to you if it weren’t for Claire’s reaction to Daniel. She wants to be with you despite finding her Twin Soul.” Quaile’s face wrinkled as she contemplated the meaning of her words. 
“I have never heard of that happening before,” she said slowly, “but it makes me wonder about the bond, about Twin Souls. Maybe there is a reason so few find their Twin Soul. Perhaps we are not meant to seek them here in this life. Perhaps the love between Twin Souls is no greater than the love between two devoted people. I do not know for sure, but I see Claire.” 
Quaile touched my shoulder gently. “She loves you still, and seems to value the love she has for you more than the bond. I can’t claim to understand her reaction, but I want her to have the choice. I may believe in my visions, but I believe in free will even more. That is why I’m telling you what the Hano shaxoa can do.” 
“That’s the only reason?” I questioned. 
I found it very hard to believe her. I had the feeling she was only telling me this to keep me from seeking the Matwau, but her words were tempting. If I were dead, there would be no way for me to fulfill her prophetic visions. I had no idea what the visions meant or why she believed them to be so important, but I did believe she would tell me whatever she felt was necessary to make sure I survived to fulfill them. Still, I couldn’t pass up the opportunity to get Claire back. 
“Just please be careful, Uriah. Shaxoa are vile creatures who will strike you down more quickly than help you,” Quaile warned. 
“But,” I paused, considering, “is it right to try and break the bond? Claire will be happy with Daniel.” 
Quaile sighed. “Will she?” She gazed up at the sky as if expecting the gods to give her the answer. When she looked back at me, she seemed uncertain. “I am beginning to doubt. I fear she will carry regret in her heart if she loses you.” 
I wanted to believe her, but I was so sure only moments ago that leaving her to the bond was the right choice. What was I supposed to do now? “What if this only hurts her more?” I asked. 
“She asked you to save her,” Quaile said simply. “Can you deny her such a request?” 
Her question shattered my resolve. I wanted Claire so badly. I believed her when she said she still wanted me. Until now, I hadn’t believed there was any way to beat back the bond. If Claire truly still loved me, and there was a chance to save our love, I had to at least try. 
“Tell Claire I’ll be back as soon as I can,” I said. “Tell her…tell her I love her. I’m not giving up yet. If she still wants me when I get back, I’ll do everything I can to stay with her.” 
Quaile nodded in agreement. 
I wanted to beg Quaile to explain everything to Claire, but I couldn’t bear to promise something like that only to fail again. 
“I will send Daniel home tonight. The bond will continue to get stronger each day, but if they are apart it may buy you more time.” 
Her thoughtfulness struck me deeply. My chin trembled with gratitude. “Thank you,” I said. 
She nodded quietly. 
It was a shaxoa who started all of this, and I was wary of turning to another witch to set it right, but my desire to save Claire was too strong. Let the Matwau kill me, or go to see the Hano shaxoa. The choices were equally appealing, but one at least offered me the chance of releasing Claire from her unwanted bond. 
She wanted this just as much as I did. I honestly believed that. “I’ll go to Hano,” I said to myself. 
Talon rubbed his head against my leg. He would come with me. 
Quaile reached into a pocket, taking out a leather necklace with a beautifully woven symbol dangling from it. “When you get to Hano, give this to their shaman. She will help you find the answers you’re looking for.” 
I accepted the token, watching Quaile’s face for any sign of deceit. All I saw was concern, and somewhere deep in her brown eyes, fear. I wanted to wring every last drop of information out of her, but I wasn’t sure I could trust anything she said to me at this point. Even now, I feared she was holding back precious information. Perhaps the Hano shaman would be able to help me find some answers. 
“Be careful, Wakiza.” 
Wakiza. Desperate warrior. The name was certainly fitting. It was hard to remember the last time I made a decision that had not been driven by my desperation. Desperation to save Claire, then desperation to get away from her. Now, I had come full circle, filled with desperation to save her once again, though I wondered if I wasn’t trying to save myself even more than her. 
 
 
 
Chapter 44
Hope
 
 
Climbing onto my bike, I brought the engine to life. Talon crouched beside the motorcycle, ready to run with me. Speeding away from San Juan, I felt the crushing bond of Twin Souls finally slip away. 
I would take Quaile’s token and warnings one last time, but only because I was once again desperate for even the smallest sliver of hope. As I had told myself so many times before, I would do anything for Claire. Anything. 
 
 
 
 
The End of Book One
 

If you enjoyed this book, please consider leaving a review.


Stay up to date on DelSheree’s book news by signing up for her author newsletter at Newsletter: https://landing.mailerlite.com/webforms/landing/g9l7n4.

 
 
Also by DelSheree Gladden
 
 
 
The Handbook Series
The Crazy Girl’s Handbook
The Oblivious Girl’s Handbook

Eliza Carlisle Mystery Series
Trouble Magnet
The Catalyst
Firebrand
Instigator
Incendiary

The Arcane Wielder Series
Life & Being

The Ghost Host Series
The Ghost Host: Episode 1
The Ghost Host: Episode 2

Escaping Fate Series
Escaping Fate
Soul Stone
Oracle Lost
(Coming Soon)

Twin Souls Saga
Twin Souls
Shaxoa’s Gift
Qaletaqa

The Destroyer Trilogy
Inquest
Secret of Betrayal
Darkening Chaos

Someone Wicked This Way Comes Series
Wicked Hunger
Wicked Power
Wicked Glory
Wicked Revenge

The Aerling Series
Invisible
Intangible
Invincible

The Date Shark Series
Date Shark
Shark Out Of Water
The Only Shark In The Sea
Shark In Troubled Waters
Repelling the Shark

What Had to be Done

Torino Dreams

Memory’s Edge Duo
Memory’s Edge: Part 1
 Memory’s Edge: Part 2
 
 
Keep reading for a sneak peek of Book 2
 
Shaxoa’s Gift
 
Book Two of the Twin Souls Saga
 
 
 
Chapter 1
Plans
 
 
The coyotes were still circling below. Rage boiled in the creature, making it difficult for him to maintain his human form. He was miles away from the house, but he could still see it clearly. It had been a long time since he failed to capture his prey, half a century since the last one had escaped his grasp. His hands tightened in fury as he remembered that narrow miss and its connection to the horrible little town he watched. He could do nothing about that or his more recent loss. His failure to capture Daniel was not what had him so angry. 
Once again, Uriah was the sole source of his foul mood. He would forget Daniel since the Twin Soul bond had already formed, but not Uriah. Since the moment he was created, the Matwau had been waiting for this young man to cross his path. There should have been an equal amount of fear in him along with his rage, but his fear had been buried so deep he could no longer register it. 
Uriah was a child who did not even know who he was. The Matwau knew, and he was ready. The boy had not been prepared as he would have expected. The old woman had failed him miserably by keeping her secrets from him, but the Matwau would not hold that against her. Her weakness only improved the creature’s chance at success. The boy stood no chance. 
Old wounds gnawed at his confidence, reminding him of what had almost happened when he had challenged the boy the day before. He laughed that thought away, although it was a mirthless laugh. The fight had been filled with too many distractions. Uriah had been lucky, nothing more. The next time they met, there would be no one to interfere. He would make sure of that. The Matwau would not challenge Uriah again until the stage was set to his liking, and he knew exactly how to accomplish that. 
Remembering how he had put his hand on Uriah’s shoulder when they first met, he wondered what had caused the searing fire. Uriah had not fallen under his spell as everyone else always did, but instead recoiled from the pain his touch had caused. It was an oddity, but not one that was important to the Matwau. It was nowhere near as significant as what the Matwau had gained from the physical contact with Uriah. 
That brief moment had laid his new plans. Turning away from the tiny desert town, he smiled despite the turmoil raging under his skin. He knew it was time to start gathering his allies. They would be needed if his plans were to be fulfilled. Silently, he made the call. No other creatures but his tainted allies could hear the call, but it was one they could not refuse. 
He found a secluded spot to wait. He hated waiting. His eyes closed, though not to sleep. Going over his plans, he perfected them until there were no flaws. Faint sounds of the ones he called registered in his ears, letting him know he was no longer alone. The Matwau did not respond. He would not acknowledge them, not until the last had reached the meeting. 
A hesitant shuffling sometime later brought one of his allies as near the Matwau as the beast would dare come. It pawed the dusty ground before finally speaking. “The last one just arrived, Master.”
The Matwau raised his eyelids languidly. The creature’s matted grey fur quivered as its large, deformed wolf head dipped down in uneasy respect. The sniveling animal stood waiting for a response. A sharp nod was all it received. Backing away on trembling legs, it scurried out from under its master’s gaze. The Matwau sneered at the creature. He hated it. He hated all of them. They were weak, mindless animals, but he needed them. 
Uriah knew almost nothing about what was happening, but that had not mattered in the end. His natural abilities alone had proven too much for the Matwau to handle. His failures had brought his allies to him. His allies’ failure in the past had them groveling at his feet. Failure would not happen again. 
Walking through the desert sand, he approached the gathering. Twelve misshapen, dangerous animals stood waiting for him. He was their master. They would do anything he asked them to do. They hated him for that exact reason. None of them wanted to work with him, but they could not refuse. The gods were divided in their allegiances, but they all believed in keeping things fair. It made the game more interesting. 
The Matwau did not believe in fairness. 
“I hope you all remember what happened the last time we were forced to work together,” the Matwau said. 
His voice was cool and even, but the words cut straight to their wounded pride. Snarls and whimpers erupted from the group. The snarling creatures remembered, and wished in vain that they could repay the Matwau for the penance he had made them pay for their failure. The whimpering ones, remembered as well, and would do anything to avoid a similar end. 
Three centuries earlier, the Matwau had been faced with an important hunt and very little time. He knew the young warrior was an important man. One of his many abilities was sensing danger to his creators’ plans. The young warrior would have played a vital part in preventing a series of detrimental events to his tribe. Knowing he had very little time, the Matwau had immediately called on his reluctant allies. 
At first the hunt had gone well. His allies tracked down the young man quickly, but that was where their usefulness had ended. They had been ordered to corner the young man, and hold him until the Matwau could come and claim his victim. Several of the strongest were tempted by the young warrior’s importance. Together, they decided to take the victim for themselves, thinking they could replace the Matwau. 
They attacked the warrior, not realizing they had no hope of defeating the young man. The Matwau had ordered them not to kill the young man. No matter how hard the three wanted to, they could not bring themselves to break the Matwau’s order. The warrior had beaten them back easily. Throwing down the last of the beasts, the warrior attempted to make his escape. The Matwau arrived in time to see his prey running into a dense forest. He left the damaged creatures behind. Tearing his way through the forest, he closed the gap between him and his prey in a matter of seconds. The end of the hunt came quickly. 
Calmly, he walked back to the valley where he had left the traitors. By that time, the others, the ones who had stood by and watched the three disobey his orders, were gathered around the fallen. Beginning with the weakest, he took each of his so-called allies and used every one of his powers to instill his anger at their betrayal. Their screams filled the valley, only pausing long enough for the Matwau to discard one and reach for another. 
He left twelve, the twelve who had not participated in the actual betrayal, with enough life left in them that they would heal, and be much more useful to him in the future. The remaining three screamed and howled the loudest and the longest, only ceasing when their disfigured bodies were drained completely. They were left to rot on the forest floor. 
As he relived the memory, so did the group gathered around him. They cringed and huddled together in fear at the reminder. 
“Good,” the Matwau said, “you do remember.” He walked back and forth before the creatures. “This time will be much different. There will be no mistakes. Each of you will do exactly what I tell you to do and nothing more. You will not even think unless I tell you to do so. Do we understand each other?” 
Every gnarled head nodded. 
“Very good, because if one of you deviates from my instructions, even in the slightest degree, last time will seem like a pleasant memory.” 
The snarls and whimpering erupted again. The Matwau smiled, his lips curling viciously as he imagined the pain he could cause them. Finally, the group quieted, and one stepped forward. 
“What are your orders?” he asked. 
None of the creatures had names, but the Matwau knew each of them individually. This one was the strongest of the group. Of the remaining twelve, he tried the hardest to defy the Matwau’s authority, but he was also the best hunter. “Find my prey,” the Matwau said. 
One by one, he touched their disgusting bodies, showing them the face of the one he wanted. “When the prey is found, none of you are to do anything but report back to me.” 
Every head dipped in agreement. 
“Now go. It’s time to hunt.” 
It was time for the hunt that would either assure him immortality, or destroy his life and everything he had worked for. 
 
 
 
 
About the Author
 
 
DelSheree Gladden was one of those shy, quiet kids who spent more time reading than talking. Literally. She didn't speak a single word for the first three months of preschool. Her fascination with reading led to many hours spent in the library and bookstores, and eventually to writing. She wrote her first novel when she was sixteen years old, but spent ten years rewriting it before having it published.
Native to New Mexico, DelSheree and her family spent several years in Colorado for college and work before moving back home to be near family. When not writing novels, you can find DelSheree reading, painting, sewing and working with other authors. 
DelSheree has several bestselling young adult series and has hit the USA Today Bestseller list twice as part of box sets. DelSheree also has contemporary romance, cozy mystery, and paranormal new adult series. Her writing is as varied as her reading interests.

Newsletter: https://landing.mailerlite.com/webforms/landing/g9l7n4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Connect with DelSheree online
 
 
http://www.delshereegladden.com/ 
https://www.facebook.com/AuthorDelShereeGladden 
https://twitter.com/DelSheree
https://www.instagram.com/authordelshereegladden/
http://www.pinterest.com/delsheree/ 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvhRQvJy3KJhllsepnX6ogQ/videos 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/delshereegladden 
http://authorlifepodcast.libsyn.com/website 
 
 
 
 
